 chapter 1 tuesday the fifth was rapidly turning into the worst day of abbey 's life . 
 she 'd quit her job , discovered her boyfriend -lrb- who was also her boss -rrb- had slept with her friend , and she was about to have sex with a complete stranger . 
 in front of a hidden camera . 
 surely it would n't come to that . 
 lucy had assured her she probably would n't have to go that far . 
 but ` probably ' was still too likely as far as abbey was concerned . 
 standing outside a stranger 's hotel room wearing her shortest skirt , her highest heels , and laciest lingerie , abbey suddenly wished she 'd tried harder to find a job . 
 she could wait tables , deliver pizza or clean houses-anything that paid her bills . 
 this job was paying her bills , she reminded herself . 
 it may not be in her chosen career path , but it was easier than waiting tables and as lucy had said , no experience was necessary . 
 besides , it was too late to think about getting another job now . 
 she needed the money , and this was the best offer she 'd had so far . 
 okay , so it was the only job offer , and she 'd only been unemployed for about ten hours , but money was so tight her credit card could hardly breathe . 
 if only that bastard of a boyfriend and boss had n't cheated on her , she would n't have been forced to quit and she would n't be standing outside a stranger 's door in such a revealing outfit . 
 this was definitely all his fault . 
 when lucy , a private investigator and her best friend , offered her the job when her regular girl called in sick , abbey jumped at the chance . 
 it paid half of what lucy would receive from her client and it might lead to another job , if she did it right . 
 if she wanted another one . 
 at least lucy had assured her she would n't have to get completely naked . 
 not if she did n't want to . 
 all abbey had to do was get the man into a compromising position long enough for lucy to get some good shots , then she could get out of there . 
 abbey took a deep breath and clenched her fist to knock . 
 hell , what was she doing ? 
 this was insane . 
 she was n't a hooker . 
 she was n't even comfortable looking at her naked body in the mirror . 
 and lucy expected her to undress in front of this man ? 
 a total stranger ? 
 abbey sucked in a deep breath then let it out slowly to calm her nerves . 
 she had to do this . 
 she needed to do this . 
 she knocked . 
 waited . 
 she hiked down her skirt , suddenly ashamed of its death-defying height , and mentally ran through her lines . 
 maybe it was n't too late to leave ... the door opened and a disheveled man glared back at her . 
 abbey gasped despite her nerves . 
 he was gorgeous , and he was dressed in nothing but a hotel-issue towel wrapped around lean hips . 
 his muscular chest was tanned and a sprinkling of black hair tapered down to into the towel . 
 well . 
 at least he was already undressed . 
 that was half her problem solved . 
 `` what ? '' 
 it was a demand , not a question . 
 `` um , '' abbey swallowed and tore her gaze away . 
 `` my name 's abbey . '' 
 she turned on a bright smile . 
 `` i 'm here to inform you , mr. vane , that you 've been selected to receive a free massage , compliments of le miridian hotel management . '' 
 the man , damien vane , scanned her from head to toe , lingering over her bra-less br ** sts and her exposed thighs . 
 abbey felt her face heat up , but she did n't move . 
 this was good . 
 from the spark in his eyes and the quick jerk of his adam 's apple , she could tell he liked what he saw . 
 but instead of inviting her in , he shook his head and began to close the door . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 she pushed on the door . 
 he waited impatiently . 
 `` it 's free , '' she said weakly . 
 `` no thanks . 
 i just arrived in melbourne , i 'm tired and i want to get some sleep . 
 i do n't need a massage . '' 
 he began to close the door again and abbey panicked . 
 she wanted to get this over with and collect the money from lucy 's client . 
 if she did n't ... abbey did n't want to think of the alternative . 
 moving in with her mother was definitely not something she wanted to experience again . 
 ever . 
 anyway , the guy was damned cute . 
 she stuck her hand in the door . 
 it closed on her fingers . 
 the scream that followed was broken only by the most vulgar expletives abbey could think of . 
 it was n't entirely an act-jammed fingers did n't tickle-but it was n't as painful as she made out . 
 it worked . 
 the door flew open . 
 `` jeez , are you all right ? '' 
 her hand was caught by two large ones and gingerly inspected . 
 for a thrilling moment she thought he was going to kiss them better , but he did n't . 
 a girl could dream though could n't she ? 
 now that the door was completely open , she could get a better look at him . 
 he was a lot younger than his profile suggested , and he oozed masculine power . 
 he was tall , with a chest built for manual labor and shoulders for leaning on . 
 dark stubble dappled his chin and his black , tousled hair needed a comb run through it . 
 or her fingers . 
 `` come inside , '' he said quickly , ushering her in . 
 `` run them under cold water . '' 
 he led her into the hotel room and she heard the door slam behind her , minus her fingers this time . 
 he showed her into the bathroom , still steamy from his shower , and turned on the cold water tap . 
 he gently guided her fingers under the cool rush . 
 `` how 's that ? '' 
 he asked . 
 abbey glanced up and caught him watching her reflection in the mirror above the sink . 
 their eyes locked for a long moment and abbey saw something in them that she liked . 
 something mysterious , sensuous . 
 warm tingles rushed down her spine and sent the blood pumping in her veins . 
 her entire body heated up under that stare . 
 she was caught , mesmerized like a moth in a circle of light . 
 it gave her a rush . 
 suddenly , he let go of her hand , as if it had bitten him . 
 `` okay ? '' 
 he asked , turning away and reaching for a towel from the rack . 
 abbey blushed as she thought about taking off the one he wore . 
 something told her that his bottom half would be just as sexy as the top . 
 `` fine , '' she managed to say , accepting the towel . 
 `` thanks for taking care of me . '' 
 `` you know you should 've been more careful . 
 you could 've done some serious damage . '' 
 i could 've done some serious damage ? 
 abbey wanted to say , but refrained . 
 arguing with damien vane was n't going to make him want her . 
 and she needed for him to want her . 
 badly . 
 `` you 're right , '' she muttered . 
 `` are you sure your fingers are okay ? '' 
 abbey wiggled them and nodded . 
 `` all attached . '' 
 `` good . 
 next time be more careful . '' 
 he paused , still watching her . 
 one eyebrow rose and he coughed politely . 
 her cue to leave . 
 she ignored it . 
 `` how about that massage now ? '' 
 abbey cringed at the high pitch of her voice . 
 she sounded like a bimbo , desperate to bed this man . 
 it was n't far from the truth . 
 she did feel a little stupid today , especially after finding out about tarken and melinda , considering everyone in the office had known about their affair for weeks . 
 damien vane grinned . 
 actually , it was more of a smirk , but it did produce one cute dimple on his cheek . 
 `` persistent are n't you ? '' 
 it was n't a flat out refusal . 
 could he be wavering ? 
 if he was , it was time to go in for the kill . 
 `` i just want to give you your prize from hotel management . 
 they 'd be most upset to find out i did n't deliver . '' 
 `` i guess ... '' damien glanced from abbey to the doorway , as if realizing there was no escape . 
 `` i wo n't bite . '' 
 she grinned , and touched his bare arm . 
 his skin was warm and smooth . 
 `` come into the bedroom where you 'll be more comfortable . '' 
 she took his hand the way he 'd taken hers a moment ago . 
 he snapped it away . 
 `` how about the lounge ? '' 
 `` that 'll be fine too . '' 
 she led the way out of the bathroom , using her best bottom-wiggling walk which she hoped looked seductive and not as ridiculous as it felt . 
 in the lounge room of the executive suite she stopped by the window and opened the blinds . 
 he crossed his arms and glared at her as if she were a fool . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 great , his sympathy was drying up fast . 
 time to make her move . 
 abbey turned to him , leaned forward and lowered her lashes and her voice to a seductive whisper . 
 `` i like to do this by moonlight . '' 
 `` moonlight ? '' 
 he peered out the window and up at the dark sky . 
 `` i think the moon 's gone behind the clouds . '' 
 `` it 'll come out again soon . 
 this is melbourne . 
 you sydney-siders do n't know how the weather can change down here . '' 
 she snapped her fingers . 
 `` like that . '' 
 his large , black eyes narrowed , watching her . 
 studying her . 
 it was unnerving but thrilling at the same time . 
 she hoped he liked what he saw . 
 why would n't he ? 
 she 'd never worn an outfit so daring , so revealing , in her life and her body was quite good , if not supermodel hot . 
 from the way vane looked at her , she got the impression he thought so too . 
 like a compass pointing to magnetic north , he could n't keep his eyes off her . 
 `` how did you know i was from sydney ? '' 
 he asked , suddenly focusing on her eyes . 
 `` um , management told me . '' 
 he nodded slightly . 
 his gaze shifted down again , lingering around her br ** sts and abbey suddenly wished she had n't worn such a revealing top . 
 she also wished she 'd worn a bra because her ni ** les were puckering - and not because she was cold . 
 in fact , she was far from it . 
 her body felt like it was sizzling and his intense gaze was n't cooling her down any . 
 `` you sure you 're a masseur ? '' 
 his eyes traveled lower to her waist where a patch of flesh was revealed between top and skirt , and down to the hem of the mini skimming her thighs just below her butt . 
 `` an official hotel masseur ? '' 
 his eyes flew to her face and abbey swallowed . 
 `` of course , '' she said , walking over to the phone beside the couch . 
 she picked up the receiver . 
 `` call reception if you like . '' 
 damien vane strode over and for a sickening moment , abbey thought he was going to call her bluff . 
 but he reached for the receiver , took it from her fingers and placed it back in its cradle . 
 he looked down at abbey with that stare which entranced her and heated her to boiling point . 
 `` i believe you . '' 
 his voice was low , dangerous . 
 `` i do n't know anyone in melbourne . 
 no one who 'd send me a ... masseur , already paid for . '' 
 `` good , '' she said lightly , ignoring the implication that she was there to give him more than just a massage . 
 `` let 's just get one thing straight , '' he said , his tone back to its deep hum . 
 `` i 've never had a. . . 
 massage ... before and if this one is n't what i expect then i 'll ask you to leave . 
 got it ? '' 
 abbey nodded . 
 damn . 
 the implication that he would refuse her if she gave him anything more than a massage came through loud and clear . 
 so he thought he had willpower of steel , huh ? 
 she 'd just see about that . 
 let him try to resist abbey mcpherson in full sensuality mode . 
 `` sit , '' she ordered . 
 he sat on the couch and she knelt beside him . 
 lucky for her the couch was facing the window , although there was another chair in the way . 
 she stood and moved it . 
 `` so i can see the moon when it finally appears , '' she said . 
 he eyed her as if she were a nut job then bent his head forward , waiting patiently for her to touch him . 
 she did , and the same tingle zinged through her as when he 'd looked at her in the bathroom mirror . 
 it started at her fingertips , where his flesh met hers , and rippled up her arms , into her br ** sts , her stomach and thighs . 
 abbey sucked in air and willed herself to concentrate . 
 she could n't let passion take over-she had a job to do . 
 besides , he was a complete stranger . 
 a sleazy one , so lucy had told her , and married . 
 she kneaded his shoulders and neck , rubbing the muscle , enjoying the way it rippled beneath her fingers . 
 damien vane had fabulous skin . 
 smooth , unblemished with a golden tan . 
 she pressed harder and was delighted , and surprised , to hear a small moan . 
 surprised because she did n't have a clue what she was doing . 
 when it felt like his body was softening up and relaxing under her , her left hand roamed around to his chest and played with the tiny hairs . 
 she pushed her own chest into his back and rubbed until her ni ** les peaked . 
 his body stiffened . 
 abbey 's heart rate doubled and she hoped he could n't feel it . 
 this was it . 
 he was either going to throw her out or cave in . 
 most men would cave in , and going by his file at lucy 's office , this man should too . 
 the list of mistresses , supplied by his really pissed-off wife , was too long to fit in the database . 
 but he did n't seem to be relaxing anymore . 
 quite the opposite , he seemed to be growing tense , and abbey started to panic . 
 a massage with them both fully clothed probably was n't explicit enough for lucy 's purposes . 
 she needed photos , the sexier the better , to send to his wife in sydney . 
 try again , abbey . 
 her hand returned to his back and continued kneading . 
 she looked up at the window and mouthed the word `` sorry '' to lucy who would be watching her through her camera lens from the office building across the road . 
 abbey needed to go slower . 
 not just so this man was relaxed beyond suspicion , but to also calm her own racing nerves . 
 she could hear lucy 's words , spoken to her just before she entered le meridian . 
 `` just enjoy yourself , abbey . 
 you 're going to be in the executive suite of a five star hotel with an attractive man . 
 just let whatever happens , happen . '' 
 `` but what if he , you know , expects me to have sex with him ? '' 
 `` just do it , girl , '' lucy had said . 
 `` enjoy unadulterated sex with a complete stranger . 
 for once , let yourself go . 
 you deserve it after what you 've been through . 
 no strings , no expectations , no waiting by the phone tomorrow . 
 trust me , it 's exhilarating . '' 
 sure , that was all right for lucy to say . 
 she 'd always been the wild child , the love 'em and leave 'em type , even seven years ago at university . 
 lucy knew how to get a man to want her more than he wanted anything else . 
 she 'd have vane begging for it right about now . 
 all abbey could manage was a moan . 
 damien 's head rolled forward . 
 his hair was cut short but had enough length in it to be sexy . 
 the back of his neck was long , perfectly arched and smooth . 
 so very smooth beneath her fingers . 
 her touch lightened , changing from the hard rub to a gentle brush . 
 she ran her finger from his hairline , down the curve of his spine to where it disappeared into his towel . 
 then using her palm , she took the same route back up , slowly . 
 she marveled at the smoothness of his skin , the way he shivered , just slightly , and the way tiny goosebumps formed on the flesh she touched . 
 she rubbed both her hands along each shoulder admiring the hard muscle , then bent forward and kissed him lightly on the back of the neck . 
 he did n't move . 
 in fact , he was completely still . 
 too still . 
 she gave him another kiss in the same place , this time using her tongue , savoring the tastes of citrus soap and sexy man . 
 her kisses continued down his neck , onto his right shoulder , all the while tasting , devouring . 
 he turned so that he sat sideways on the couch with his back to her , one knee on the cushion . 
 abbey settled herself in behind him , touching his bare back with both hands and pressing her br ** sts into him . 
 damien let out a ragged breath , his head came back , and abbey could hear him sucking in air . 
 good , she thought . 
 it was working . 
 but not only on him . 
 abbey 's ni ** les screamed to be released from beneath her top . 
 she almost obliged . 
 she wanted to feel skin on skin , but she was all too aware of that camera with the telephoto lens on the other side of the road . 
 she let her hands slip around damien 's waist . 
 instead of flinching , this time he pushed back into her , as if he wanted to feel her ni ** les , harden them . 
 she played with his , twisting them into points , and was gratified to get a gasp in return . 
 he was hot , she realized . 
 ready . 
 he was getting as much enjoyment out of this as ... she was . 
 no , this was not supposed to happen . 
 she was not supposed to enjoy it ! 
 sex with a complete stranger was wrong . 
 bad . 
 abbey was never bad . 
 then again , he was n't a complete stranger . 
 she 'd read his file ... she closed her eyes , but they flew open again when damien 's hand brushed her leg . 
 it moved higher , stroking , caressing the bare flesh . 
 her own breath had become ragged now . 
 the higher that hand moved the more she realized she wanted him . 
 she wanted to push him down on the couch and ride him until they were both spent . 
 control , abbey . 
 get a grip . 
 but control was long gone . 
 the higher that hand went , on its too-slow journey , the less control she had . 
 her heart was racing now , thudding against damien 's back , and her skin felt papery thin , fragile , as her nerve endings screamed for his touch . 
 damien half turned toward her to get into a better position so his hand could continue . 
 it moved upwards and inside , under her skirt , heading higher . 
 then it stopped . 
 she caught her breath and her gaze rose to his face . 
 he was looking at her . 
 dark , hooded eyes glazed with heat and passion flashed back at her , questioning her . 
 in answer , she moved , just an inch , but it was enough , and his fingers brushed against the film of lace . 
 she drew in a sharp breath and her nails dug into the muscles of his back . 
 more . 
 she wanted those fingers higher , inside her . 
 she wished she 'd dispensed with the underpants tonight as well as the bra to make his job easier . 
 damien obliged her need and rubbed , his fingers dipping into her wetness , the lace offering little barrier . 
 abbey moved her hips so his fingers slid further inside . 
 she was almost kneeling on the couch beside him now , and his face was at her br ** sts . 
 she took his head in both her hands and gently pulled him to her . 
 he licked at one nipple through her tight top and it puckered , begging for more . 
 he focused for a moment on the other one , drawing it into his mouth , sucking , nibbling . 
 abbey 's gasp shocked even herself . 
 and it was enough to bring her crashing back to earth . 
 this was n't right . 
 she was supposed to be seducing him , not the other way around . 
 and although lucy may have got some great shots already , she 'd stressed the part about getting him naked . 
 and he was n't . 
 not yet . 
 with a sigh of regret , abbey released herself from damien 's fingers and his tongue and concentrated on him instead . 
 she unwrapped the towel from his waist and drew it open , exposing the steadily beating , hard as a rock , erection . 
 it was up , straight up , almost flat against his stomach . 
 it begged to be stroked , caressed , licked . 
 he let out a sigh then a tiny moan as she took it into her palm . 
 he leaned back into the couch and closed his eyes as abbey explored with her fingers , lightly touching the ridges , the veins , the smooth tip . 
 his breathing became loud , forced , and his eyelids fluttered . 
 `` that feels so good , '' he whispered . 
 `` do n't stop . 
 please . '' 
 the plead made her heart thump . 
 it was as if he had n't felt a woman 's hand there in a long time . 
 as if he wanted-no , needed-it to go on , until the end . 
 she watched his face as her hand massaged . 
 the muscles along his square jaw jumped and his sensuous lips parted . 
 damien vane was a gorgeous man . 
 no wonder he had so many women . 
 the thought of that long list of mistresses , and the angry wife , made abbey 's hand miss a beat . 
 but damien did n't appear to notice . 
 his adam 's apple leaped once , twice , and his hand found abbey 's leg again . 
 he pushed her skirt up the short distance it needed to go so he could get his hand inside . 
 he rubbed against the damp panties , pressing her swollen folds . 
 abbey closed her eyes , then forced them open . 
 she removed her hand from damien and stood , nearly overbalanced , then wobbled on her high heels to the window . 
 if she was going to take this further , she at least wanted to keep some of her dignity . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 damien asked thickly . 
 she closed the blinds and turned back to him . 
 he looked like a pagan god , sitting naked on the couch , his legs parted , his manhood standing to attention . 
 `` the moon 's too bright . '' 
 the sound of her voice surprised her-it was heavy with lust . 
 she pulled the tiny top over her head then unzipped the tight skirt , wiggling it down her bottom and thighs and letting it puddle at her feet . 
 she hooked her thumbs into her lacy thong , and began to lower them too , but damien , entranced by the show , held up his hand . 
 `` stop , '' he said huskily . 
 `` turn around . '' 
 something in his voice made her obey . 
 his was a voice used to commanding , used to getting him his own way . 
 usually she hated being spoken to that way , but not tonight . 
 tonight she wanted to obey every command he gave to bring the evening to its logical , inevitable and very satisfying conclusion . 
 she turned , slowly , giving him full view of her butt and the cotton thong slicing her cheeks in half . 
 aware of his black eyes on her , she did something she 'd never done for any man . 
 she swayed to a rhythm in her head . 
 with her back facing him , abbey ran her hands down her waist , round her gyrating hips and placed one on each cheek . 
 she let them explore across her skin , enjoying the way she felt and knowing he wanted to do the same . 
 she glanced over her shoulder , cheekily giving him a view of her br ** sts and behind at the same time . 
 his face was distorted with desire as he stood , mesmerized . 
 she turned to face him fully . 
 `` i want you , '' he whispered . 
 he was a man used to getting what he wanted , she could tell . 
 who was she to deny him ? 
 `` and i want you , '' she heard herself say . 
 `` good . 
 two adults , mutual consent . 
 there 's nothing wrong with this . '' 
 `` nothing at all , '' abbey agreed and lifted her mouth to meet his descending one . 
 the kiss was a scorcher . 
 it burned her lips , seared her tongue , sent hot flames licking her body . 
 at first it was urgent , brutal , as if he was satisfying a pent-up need , then it slowed but remained intense and hot . 
 he kissed like an expert . 
 without their mouths parting , damien picked abbey up and she wrapped her legs around his waist , his erection pressing into her . 
 he carried her into the bedroom , placed her on the bed , and kissed her fiercely . 
 when his lips traveled downward , abbey sucked in a breath in anticipation . 
 when he reached her ni ** les , she bunched the sheets in her hand and held on . 
 he took each one into his mouth and nibbled , licked , sucked until the little points were red and raw but wanting more . 
 he cupped one breast and squeezed , then did the same with the other . 
 abbey moaned as tiny tingles shot across her skin . 
 then damien 's tongue moved down again . 
 he licked her stomach , her bellybutton . 
 then moved down . 
 down . 
 he caught her thong in his teeth and pulled the thin fabric over her legs as she arched herself off the mattress . 
 he tossed them on the floor . 
 then he returned to his explorations between her thighs . 
 his tongue lunged , round , in , out , and abbey heard a moan . 
 hers . 
 finally he settled on licking up and down , setting her on a course to pure ecstasy . 
 her moans grew louder , and her body began to rock to the rhythm set by damien 's tongue . 
 the rush of tingles took her by surprise . 
 starting in her toes , it sped to where his tongue laved , up to her ni ** les , her throat , her face . 
 she arched her back , and he cried out as her orgasm swamped her . 
 panting , she lay on the bed , wanting more . 
 she hauled him up toward her , kissed him roughly as he settled himself above her , and guided him into her wetness . 
 his smooth , thick tip dipped in , then suddenly withdrew . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 she asked hoarsely . 
 `` no condom . 
 you ? '' 
 he spoke in short , sharp bursts , as if too harried to get any more words out . 
 `` no . 
 maybe the hotel - '' he shook his head . 
 `` i ca n't wait . '' 
 he looked down at her , his eyes glazed and shining . 
 she read the message loud and clear . 
 she pushed him gently and he flipped over onto his back . 
 abbey reached down to undo the buckles on the high heels she still wore , but he caught her arm and pulled her back up to him . 
 `` leave them on . 
 if i 'm going to do this , i 'm going to do it right . '' 
 abbey had no idea what he meant by that and she did n't care . 
 she wanted to give this man the pleasure he 'd just given her . 
 the pleasure that came from having no strings attached , no cares other than what 's happening right now . 
 she kissed him hard , then followed the path similar to the one he 'd traveled on her . 
 down his throat , across to each nipple , sucking and biting , then down through the sparse sprinkling of black chest hairs to his flat stomach . 
 he groaned when she reached her target , taking him into her mouth . 
 tasting him , rolling him around her tongue . 
 within moments his groans had intensified , and before long he was shuddering . 
 finally , his entire body convulsed as raw energy flowed out of him . 
 abbey joined him , lying beside him on the bed . 
 mission accomplished . 
 well and truly accomplished . 
 damien wrapped his arms around her and stifled a yawn as he settled against her br ** sts , kissing a nipple absently . 
 she curled into his body , enjoying the heat of him and the sound of his steadily beating heart . 
 she did n't want to move , not yet . 
 this felt good . 
 too good . 
 first she 'd have a rest on the large bed , then she 'd go find lucy , see if she got some good shots . 
 and she 'd try her hardest to forget about damien vane and this night of steamy sex with a complete stranger . 
 chapter 2 nick delaware rolled onto the other side of the bed . 
 empty . 
 his eyes flew open . 
 definitely empty . 
 he thought about calling out - maybe she was in the bathroom - but he did n't want to appear desperate . 
 he was n't desperate . 
 he just liked to know what was going on at all times . 
 and right now , he did n't have a clue . 
 he got up , opened the bathroom door and peered in . 
 empty . 
 same with the lounge and the kitchenette . 
 the woman had definitely left . 
 nick sighed and ran a hand through his hair . 
 who the hell was she ? 
 more importantly , what was she ? 
 the masseur giving freebies courtesy of the hotel was almost certainly a line . 
 but why lie ? 
 and why was she so eager to sleep with him ? 
 eager she definitely was . 
 no preliminaries , no small talk , nothing . 
 she 'd easily slipped into having sex with him as if she expected it to happen . 
 wanted it to happen . 
 it did n't add up . 
 in his experience , women did n't have sex with strange men within moments of meeting them . 
 but he had n't exactly refused her offer either . 
 in fact , he had n't even put up a fight , or even asked any questions . 
 now that was stupid . 
 since when did nick delaware jump into something he was n't absolutely certain about ? 
 he always made sure he knew exactly what was going on at all times , in all the deals he made . 
 except he 'd never been confronted with this sort of woman before . 
 and certainly not in this type of situation . 
 whatever that situation was . 
 all he knew was that he 'd just had great o ** l s * x with a woman he did n't know . 
 but why ? 
 the only reason he could come up with was one he did n't like . 
 she 'd expected to have sex with him , she did n't bother with preliminaries , she did n't want to get to know him first-she just dove right in , so to speak . 
 which meant she could only be one thing . 
 a hooker . 
 nick shook his head , angry at himself for succumbing to that sort of woman . 
 and so easily . 
 but she 'd been good . 
 damn good . 
 what man could resist in the face of that body , those intense blue eyes , mischievous mouth ... he had n't stood a chance against the - wait . 
 he frowned . 
 he had n't paid her . 
 he strode to the small table beside the bed and opened the top drawer . 
 his leather wallet was exactly where he 'd left it and still contained the same amount of money . 
 even his credit cards were still there . 
 so she was n't a thief . 
 but why had she-abbey-left without being paid ? 
 it did n't make sense . 
 in fact , none of this made sense , including his own behavior . 
 he was not the sort of man who had sex with strange women . 
 especially ones he had to pay . 
 not that she 'd taken any money . 
 why had n't she ? 
 maybe she was prepaid . 
 perhaps someone had sent her to him and already given her money in advance . 
 but who ? 
 he did n't know anyone in melbourne and none of his sydney friends would get a kick out of that kind of joke . 
 none of them would dare . 
 nick drew in a deep breath and lay on the bed again . 
 he could still smell her on the sheets . 
 the sweet , floral scent of expensive perfume and woman . 
 all woman , as he recalled . 
 damn , she 'd felt good . 
 soft , succulent , sexy . 
 the sort of woman he used to go for in his wilder days - gorgeous , great br ** sts , long legs , hair a man could get lost in . 
 that was over ten years ago . 
 his tastes had mellowed since then . 
 in recent times he preferred the elegant , the sophisticated . 
 a woman who 'd gone to the right school and spent her days lunching with friends and looked good on his arm at corporate functions . 
 lately , however , work had taken over completely , and even that sort of woman had failed to entice him away from the office for a night out . 
 but that was how he wanted it . 
 work was far more satisfying and rewarding than taking some well-bred bimbo out to an expensive restaurant that served a few pieces of lettuce elegantly arranged on a plate and called it dinner , then charged him a fortune for it . 
 work did n't complain and the conversation was better . 
 no , there had n't been a woman he 'd wanted to take out for a very long time . 
 not that they had n't tried to take him out . 
 but he always refused . 
 there was too much work to do , especially since he 'd taken over software solutions . 
 late nights , early mornings-including weekends-left little time for dates . 
 which probably explained why he slept with that girl tonight . 
 too much bottled-up stress and sexual energy that needed to be released . 
 that must be it . 
 he 'd just needed to get primal for awhile and feel a woman beneath him after all these months of celibacy and work . 
 and how she 'd felt beneath him-hot , ready like a firecracker about to go off , and smooth . 
 those ripe , pink ni ** les that he could still taste on his tongue , and those moist lips , parting , throbbing , wanting him . 
 like he 'd wanted her . 
 nick groaned and rolled over , hoping to smother the erection that rose again . 
 damn , why had she left while he was asleep ? 
 if she 'd just stayed around , lain with him on the bed , they could be in the middle of round two by now . 
 he could 've gotten hotel management to send up condoms . 
 they could 've done it properly this time-he could 've entered her , felt her tight wetness sucking him in ... nick groaned and got up . 
 he tried to dismiss the image of abbey 's naked body from his mind lest he do something he had n't done since he was a teenager . 
 abbey . 
 he did n't even know her last name . 
 he did n't even know why she was there . 
 she 'd called him damien vane , which meant she did n't know who he really was . 
 vane , his vp of marketing who was supposed to be on this trip but had skipped town at the last minute and was probably drunk with some whore somewhere ... vane ! 
 the woman was meant for vane not him ! 
 someone who knew vane 's penchant for loose , sexy women and someone who did n't mind picking up the tab . 
 or maybe vane was a regular at a local brothel whenever he was in melbourne . 
 somewhere where they knew him well enough and he had a running tab . 
 maybe he organized this little rendezvous in advance . 
 perhaps the new girl , not having met vane before , just assumed nick was him . 
 for some reason he could n't quite fathom , it galled him to think that the hot little woman with the killer legs and delicious br ** sts was meant for someone else . 
 someone who 'd have no appreciation of her finer points-her bright blue eyes , her masses of chestnut hair and her slightly upturned nose . 
 nick shook his head , annoyed at himself . 
 what was he thinking ? 
 you are n't supposed to appreciate the finer points of a woman like that . 
 he sighed . 
 he could n't believe he 'd slept with a hooker . 
 he glanced at the clock beside the bed . 
 two am . 
 he 'd best get some sleep . 
 tomorrow was the first day of the seminar and he had to be in good shape for the presentation . 
 he had all of vane 's notes plus his laptop and he knew everything about the product , probably more than vane did , thanks to some late nights and thorough briefing over the past few days . 
 he was ready for this . 
 he had to be . 
 the future of software solutions , his investment , was riding on it . 
 trouble was , how could he sleep with abbey 's taste still on his lips and her face still in his mind ? 
 *** `` what do you mean you did n't get it ? '' 
 abbey did n't know whether to kill lucy or hug her . 
 `` the camera 's broken . '' 
 lucy held up a small , black object that was supposed to be attached to the large camera that stood on a tripod at the window . 
 she shrugged thin , bare shoulders . 
 `` sorry . 
 i sort of dropped it when i was setting up . '' 
 `` sorry ! 
 you 're sorry ! 
 i just slept with a complete stranger so you could get those shots and you tell me the damn thing 's broken ! '' 
 abbey drew in a deep breath and placed both hands on her hips . 
 lucy grinned , lighting up her pretty face . 
 `` i knew you slept with him ! 
 that 's fantastic ! 
 he was gorgeous . '' 
 she hugged her friend . 
 `` so the broken camera is n't such a bad thing after all-at least now you 'll get to do it all over again . '' 
 abbey laughed despite herself . 
 trust lucy to look at it like that . 
 always the wild one , she could pick up a guy in a bar , sleep with him that night , then never call him again . 
 and not feel bad about it . 
 abbey could n't . 
 until tonight . 
 lucy and abbey went back a long way . 
 they 'd become instant friends when they met at university over ten years ago . 
 lucy had graduated and joined the police force since she could think of nothing better to do . 
 a year later , she 'd quit , stifled by the protocol and paperwork . 
 she 'd taken on odd jobs after that , and it was while working in a dry cleaning store that she 'd got her big break . 
 her boss suspected her husband was cheating on her but he was clever and proving it was difficult . 
 so instead of letting it go on , lucy decided to test his fidelity without her boss knowing the favor she was doing her . 
 she asked a friend to photograph her having sex with the man . 
 she gave the photos to her boss , but instead of dumping him , the woman fired lucy for sleeping with her husband . 
 it did n't matter because lucy had already realized she could make better money taking photos of cheating husbands in compromising positions than working in a dry cleaning store . 
 so she got her private investigator 's license , got herself an office and placed some ads in newspapers and magazines . 
 the calls had trickled in ever since . 
 the only modification she made was to hire someone else to get the men in compromising positions while she took the photos . 
 abbey often thought it was because her friend liked to watch , but she never questioned her motive . 
 while lucy had gone into p.i. work , abbey had taken the more traveled route and gone into p.a. work . 
 she had been the personal assistant to the managing director of a pharmaceuticals company for four years . 
 she 'd been his lover for two of those , until today when she 'd arrived at the office after a two week holiday on her own in fiji and found tarken kissing melinda from accounts , a woman abbey had considered a friend . 
 she 'd quit on the spot . 
 it was the most radical thing she 'd ever done , but she did n't regret it . 
 it seemed today was turning out to be a day to do radical things . 
 `` do it again ? '' 
 abbey stood back and surveyed lucy 's cheeky pixie-like face in the moonlight . 
 `` i ca n't ! '' 
 as soon as she said it , abbey knew it was a lie . 
 `` why not ? 
 was n't it any good ? '' 
 lucy 's eyes glinted in the semi-dark fifth floor office . 
 she 'd got the keys off the building supervisor , someone she 'd slept with a few months ago , probably on the promise that she 'd do it again soon , abbey presumed . 
 abbey looked around her , avoiding lucy 's mischievous stare . 
 `` it was great . '' 
 wonderful in fact . 
 the best o ** l s * x she 'd ever had . 
 probably because it was with a complete stranger . 
 `` but - '' `` well , then , just do it . '' 
 abbey bit the inside of her lip . 
 it might be nice to repeat the experience she 'd just had with damien vane . 
 he was one gorgeous man , after all , and his tongue had been , well , lizard-like . 
 he was skillful ... and masterful . 
 he knew exactly what he wanted , and exactly what she needed , and how to do it . 
 she definitely would n't mind doing it again . 
 the thought of him inside her this time , large and thick , reaching into her soul , was enticing . 
 exciting . 
 she felt hot . 
 and lucy , damn her , could tell . 
 she fanned her friend 's face with her hand , her eyes alight with mischief . 
 `` cool down , girl , i need to get a new camera . 
 you 'll have to wait until tomorrow . '' 
 she grinned and affectionately tucked one of abbey 's stray strands behind her ear . 
 abbey smiled weakly . 
 `` i must look a mess . '' 
 `` you look like a girl who 's had a good bonk and is in need of another one . '' 
 abbey giggled and nodded . 
 `` tomorrow then . '' 
 she felt a rush of tingles up her spine in memory of damien 's touch , and tongue , and in anticipation of them again . 
 she let it run its course , then she turned to follow lucy who was walking through the office , dodging empty desks in the darkness , camera in hand and tripod over her shoulder . 
 she was contemplating how to explain her reappearance to damien when a horrible thought struck her . 
 `` what if he wo n't let me in next time ? 
 what if he does n't want to - '' `` do n't be silly . 
 i saw his expression before you closed the curtains , and he was hungry for you . 
 and i mean hungry . 
 the guy looked like he was going to explode any minute , all over that nice couch . 
 i 'm surprised you actually got him into the bedroom . '' 
 abbey relaxed and giggled . 
 `` and made him wait until i 'd finished . '' 
 `` really ? 
 that long ? 
 wow , this guy 's got stamina . '' 
 `` or sheer willpower . 
 i got the impression he does n't often let his emotions rule him like they did tonight . '' 
 `` that was n't emotion ruling him , that was a very impressive appendage between his legs . '' 
 abbey giggled as lucy grinned back at her over her shoulder . 
 lucy 's smile faded a little as they waited at the elevators . 
 she shook her head and wisps of short blonde hair fell into her eyes . 
 `` the guy does n't have willpower . 
 you saw the profile , he 's had sex with more people than me ! 
 no , willpower he has n't got when it comes to having sex with strangers . '' 
 abbey frowned but said nothing . 
 the mention of his mistresses reminded her of his wife , and that she was now a statistic as far as damien was concerned . 
 just another notch on his belt . 
 and she was the ` other woman ' , even if only temporarily . 
 her stomach tied itself into a knot . 
 the thought sickened her . 
 strange thing was , she was picking up completely different vibes from damien than what she should be . 
 if abbey had n't seen his file , she would 've said he was a man who got what he wanted when he wanted but rarely let his hot-blooded emotions get in the way . 
 otherwise he would 've jumped her bones straight away on the couch instead of needing so much encouragement . 
 in fact , she would n't have even had to make up a story about the free massage , her outfit should have been encouragement enough for damien vane . 
 and the way he 'd looked at her reflection in the bathroom mirror had n't been lustful at all . 
 more like concern that he 'd hurt her and perhaps a little curiosity . 
 so her instincts told her , anyway . 
 but then again , she 'd thought tarken loved her , so her instincts were useless . 
 they traveled down the elevator to the ground floor where the burly building supervisor with the profile of a neanderthal was sitting at his desk reading the herald sun . 
 he looked up and grinned at lucy . 
 she pecked him on the lips and he groped her perfectly round bottom through the tight black hipsters . 
 `` i 'll call you tomorrow , big boy . '' 
 she winked at him . 
 `` i might need this place tomorrow night again . 
 that okay ? '' 
 his grin widened . 
 `` that 'll cost you extra . '' 
 `` you just name it , '' lucy crooned , `` and i 'll do it . 
 you know that . '' 
 the neanderthal looked like he would drag her into his cave right there and ravage her , but he held back , hooked his thumbs into his pants , not caring to cover the telltale bulge , and lasciviously watched lucy 's behind as she walked away . 
 abbey took note of the way her friend walked . 
 one foot directly in front of the other so that her hips swayed sexily and her butt had the right amount of wobble . 
 she would have to try that . 
 tomorrow night . 
 *** the seminar was a success so far . 
 nick 's introductory speech had been well received , and the software was bug-free so the demo was easy . 
 he 'd have to ring the vp of development later to congratulate him and offer bonuses to his programmers . 
 nick had never felt so relieved in all his life . 
 he 'd done speeches before , he 'd taken over large corporations , and small ones , and he 'd rubbed shoulders with elite businessmen around the world . 
 but he 'd never given a demonstration of software in his life . 
 it was n't that hard , if you knew what you were doing and had a great program . 
 maybe he could do the next one in march in the u.s. . 
 if he did , there would be nothing for his vp of marketing to do . 
 which meant he could fire him . 
 good , because vane had crossed the line this time . 
 nick had put up with a hell of a lot from vane . 
 coming back to the office drunk after a lunch meeting , groping the female staff , turning up late to work every day because he 'd been out all night partying . 
 for a forty-year-old that was a hell of a lot of partying . 
 nick was tired of it . 
 usually he would n't allow anyone in his employ to treat their work and colleagues with such disrespect , but vane was good and came with a wealth of experience . 
 but nick could n't put up with his behavior anymore . 
 enough was enough . 
 skipping out just before a major seminar where he was supposed to give demonstrations to potential clients was more than he could put up with . 
 nick strolled up king street toward collins street and his hotel , laptop case slung over his shoulder , suit jacket over his arm . 
 he 'd taken it off and rolled up his shirt sleeves when he left the air conditioned crown complex where the seminar was being held . 
 he 'd been inside all day and the heat hit him like a force field . 
 he blew out a breath and kept walking , the heat prickling his skin , engulfing him like a blanket . 
 it was already five o'clock but the sun still burned fiercely . 
 a typical hot summer 's day . 
 the sort of day he 'd have spent down at the beach in his youth , catching some waves , lying in the sun with a gorgeous girl next to him . 
 not anymore . 
 he could n't remember the last time he 'd gone to the beach . 
 in fact , he could n't remember the last time he 'd felt this hot . 
 usually he drove everywhere in his air conditioned bmw , or sat in his air conditioned office or north shore house . 
 it was actually kind of liberating-sweating , feeling the sun on his bare arms , wanting to drink a beer , wanting to feel a soft woman in his arms ... nick swallowed . 
 he had n't thought of abbey all day , thank god , but now her image was returning to haunt him thick and fast . 
 he wanted nothing more right now than to lie with her , naked , surrounded by sand and the crashing waves . 
 he would take her , slide over her hot body , enter her slowly , tease her a little before plunging deeply until she called his name ... he cleared his throat and moved his jacket in front of him , covering his painful erection . 
 he glanced around but everyone was bustling home after a day at the office , not taking any notice of him . 
 he drew in a deep breath and blew it out again . 
 he forced himself to slow down . 
 she was n't coming back , and even if she did , he would send her packing this time . 
 he , nick delaware , investor and multi-millionaire , did n't go in for that sort of thing . 
 and not with that sort of woman . 
 no , nick would have to settle for a cool shower , a cold beer and an air conditioned bar . 
 he had more demonstrations to prepare for tomorrow and he wanted to brush up on the potential clients he 'd scheduled into the day . 
 as soon as he got back into work mode the better , so he could stop thinking about abbey . 
 `` going somewhere , big boy ? '' 
 the familiar voice jolted him from his thoughts . 
 his head , and another part of his anatomy , jerked up . 
 `` abbey ? '' 
 he stared back at the woman who appeared in front of him , suddenly not sure what he should say to her . 
 what do you say to a hooker after an incredible night of passion ? 
 chapter 3 nick cleared his throat . 
 `` it is abbey is n't it ? '' 
 abbey wore her hair long . 
 a few strands fluttered around her face and nick resisted the urge to catch them and tuck them behind her ear . 
 she wore sunglasses so he could n't see her eyes , which was a pity because he liked her eyes-bright blue and piercing . 
 abbey nodded and smiled . 
 she had a pretty smile . 
 probably because she had such soft , luscious lips-lips that would look great wrapped around ... `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 he asked gruffly , silently thanking the powers-that-be for his jacket . 
 she shrugged a bare shoulder . 
 she wore an even skimpier top today . 
 this one was strapless and defined her full br ** sts perfectly beneath the thin fabric . 
 she looked like she was wearing a bra today , also strapless . 
 nick wondered how quickly he could make the ni ** les peak through the fabric of both bra and top . 
 could he do it without even touching her ? 
 she wore a flighty , thin skirt again , almost to her knees . 
 it had a dangerously high split up one side that displayed the soft flesh of thigh and hip . 
 her legs looked silky smooth , almost glossy . 
 nick had an overwhelming urge to run his hand up them to her thigh , her hip , her ass ... `` thought i 'd drop past and say hello . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` why ? '' 
 then he realized-he had n't paid her . 
 it was a harsh reminder of who he was dealing with . 
 or rather , what he was dealing with . 
 `` oh , right . 
 come upstairs and we 'll sort it out . '' 
 abbey flushed pink . 
 had he shocked her with his suggestion ? 
 maybe discussing money in the street was taboo for these sort of women . 
 since when did hookers blush ? 
 she glanced around , biting her lip . 
 suddenly she looked less like the confident girl-about-town and more like a young woman out of her depth . 
 she was really green . 
 not like she 'd been last night . 
 last night she knew exactly what she was doing . 
 `` actually , uh , i thought we could have a drink first . 
 then maybe something to eat . '' 
 she checked her watch . 
 `` then maybe come back here about ten . 
 that okay ? '' 
 he hesitated . 
 so she did n't just want to be paid-she wanted to do it again . 
 which meant he would owe her twice as much . 
 that was n't a big deal-he could afford whatever price she named-it 's just that he did n't want to continue with this . 
 it was wrong and it was n't his style . 
 although it had felt damned good last night . 
 maybe just once more , then he 'd call it quits . 
 he 'd take her out to dinner , somewhere nice that she was n't used to going to . 
 he 'd tell her that this was definitely the last time . 
 then , after an hour or two of passion back at the hotel , he 'd pay her for both nights . 
 that 's if someone else had n't already paid her . 
 the thought that one of vane 's bizarre friends was pulling the strings and had perhaps paid her already was still a possibility , although to do it twice was a little odd . 
 once , as a joke or gift , he could understand , but twice ? 
 or maybe vane had prepaid her before he 'd decided to skip out to wherever he 'd gone for the week . 
 well , if that were the case , nick might as well enjoy it . 
 he could find out about the arrangement later . 
 he might as well relieve some more stress . 
 as long as he kept the situation under his control this time there was nothing really wrong with it . 
 he knew what he was doing . 
 he always did . 
 `` sure , '' nick said . 
 i spotted a nice bar over there . '' 
 he pointed to where a few people sat at outdoor tables up the road . 
 `` let me go upstairs , have a quick shower and change . 
 i 'll meet you there . '' 
 `` you like to take charge do n't you , damien . '' 
 nick balked at the name . 
 he hated anyone thinking he was vane but it was necessary . 
 anyway , what did it matter who she thought he was ? 
 she expected vane , and that 's who she was going to get . 
 nick glared at her . 
 `` i know what i want and i do n't waste time getting it . 
 i 've found that 's the best way to be in my line of work . '' 
 he turned to go inside the hotel but stopped . 
 `` i do n't expect you to understand . '' 
 he thought he saw her stiffen as he turned back to the hotel again but he could n't be sure . 
 maybe his words were a little harsh , but he was n't about to apologize for being a decisive person . 
 not to a hooker . 
 the doorman must have been watching the odd scene being played out in front of him because he quickly looked away . 
 fine , let him look . 
 nick knew no one in melbourne so what did it matter if he was caught chatting to a woman dressed in next to nothing ? 
 it was his prerogative . 
 inside the hotel , the cool blast of air instantly soothed his hot skin , but not his hot temper ... or his groin . 
 he could n't wait to go upstairs , get changed and come back down . 
 abbey would be waiting for him . 
 hot , sexy abbey . 
 part of him wished she had n't agreed to wait for him . 
 he knew he would n't have disagreed if she 'd suggested she follow him up to his room . 
 on the other hand , this way he would get to think about their encounter all through dinner . 
 he could imagine her naked , her smooth skin , her inviting lips . 
 and when it finally came time to return to the hotel , it 'd be all the more thrilling because of the wait . 
 he quickly showered in ice-cold water to dampen his erection , then dressed in light beige trousers and a casual white cotton shirt with the sleeves rolled up and the top two buttons left undone . 
 he made sure he was wearing his tightest shorts underneath . 
 it may be painful if she got him excited , but it would keep him in check . 
 something told him she was going to make him excited just by looking at him through those thick black lashes . 
 nick barely noticed the heat outside . 
 he could n't stop thinking about abbey . 
 `` hi . '' 
 abbey emerged through the glass door to the bar . 
 she pouted at him , her lower lip protruding . 
 kissable . 
 `` not having second thoughts , i hope , '' she said lightly . 
 she grinned . 
 he hesitated , caught between his warring emotions . 
 he should go . 
 he did n't need a hooker . 
 finally , pride won-he did n't run away from anything , especially a challenge . 
 `` no , of course not . '' 
 he had to pay her for last night anyway . 
 he might as well have a few drinks , pay her then send her on her way . 
 he did n't have to succumb a second time , but it was common decency to pay for the services he 'd already used . 
 `` i ordered us a bottle of chardonnay , '' she said opening the door for him . 
 `` i hope that 's okay . '' 
 `` as long as it 's cold . '' 
 she turned and glanced at him over one naked shoulder , a cheeky smile playing on her lips . 
 `` a bit hot and bothered today are you ? '' 
 `` hot , yes . 
 bothered , never . '' 
 they sat at a table in a dark corner of the restaurant . 
 the red and black decor was modern and fresh . 
 the wine list was long and did n't have prices , and the waiters wore crisp black suits . 
 thankfully , it was cooler inside than out , but it was n't cold like many places are in summer with their air conditioning turned up too high . 
 a few other patrons sat alone on bar stools , or in couples in other dark , recessed booths . 
 considering it was tuesday night , it was probably as busy as the place would get . 
 good . 
 it was unlikely he would see anyone from the seminar . 
 he sat with his back facing the door just in case . 
 abbey sipped her wine . 
 she looked sensational with her sunglasses perched on top of her head , holding her mass of hair off her face . 
 nick liked that . 
 he liked to see her features-she was an extremely attractive woman . 
 her makeup was n't as heavy as the night before , which was a good thing too . 
 he liked his women to wear as little makeup as possible , and she did n't really need it . 
 his gaze wandered lower to her br ** sts land the strapless top . 
 not really appropriate for such a salubrious place . 
 she looked like a hooker . 
 `` you seem uncomfortable , '' abbey said , a cheeky grin lighting up her face . 
 nick liked the way she seemed to find everything amusing . 
 `` worried about being seen with me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no ! 
 no , of course not . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know anyone in melbourne anyway , so ... '' abbey glanced down at the fingers cradling the stem of her glass . 
 `` i see . '' 
 her hand reached down under the table . 
 although nick could n't see , from the way she moved it appeared she was trying to cover up the split in her skirt . 
 it did n't matter , the table cloth was floor length and covered everything from the waist down anyway . 
 as if suddenly realizing , abbey 's hand returned to the tabletop and she clasped her fingers together , placing her elbows on the table and resting her chin on her knuckles . 
 trying to cover her br ** sts ? 
 had he made her feel that self-conscious ? 
 impossible . 
 hookers did n't get uncomfortable in revealing outfits . 
 he sipped his wine , swirling it around his palette before swallowing . 
 a nice vintage . 
 he wondered whether abbey had taken pot luck when she ordered it , or whether she actually knew a good wine from a bad one without a price tag to check . 
 in reality , it was probably neither . 
 no doubt she 'd asked the waiter before she ordered . 
 `` nice wine , '' he said , wanting to fill the silence . 
 `` it 's one of my favorites . 
 i always order it - '' she stopped and glanced away . 
 another awkward silence stretched between them , and nick suddenly regretted coming . 
 sex was one thing , but making small talk with a woman he barely knew was awful . 
 he 'd much rather skip this part of the evening . 
 `` how was your conference ? '' 
 abbey asked with a polite smile . 
 `` how did you know about that ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` they told me . '' 
 `` they ? '' 
 `` hotel management . 
 you know , complementary massage and all that . 
 i asked what you 're here for and they said a software conference at the crown complex . '' 
 `` seminar , '' nick corrected . 
 so she was going to stick with the free massage story . 
 fine , he could play along . 
 `` so you 're a salesman for a software firm . 
 how exciting . '' 
 she was a terrible actress . 
 her eyes glazed over in boredom when she said the words salesman and software . 
 he could n't blame her-it did sound dull . 
 but it irritated him that she thought he was just a salesman , working for just another software company . 
 not the owner and ceo of the most prestigious and lucrative technology firm in the entire southern hemisphere . 
 it irritated him even more that he could n't tell her the truth either . 
 she thought he was damien vane . 
 the hotel thought he was damien vane . 
 the potential clients at the seminar thought he was damien vane . 
 he 'd decided before he left sydney that he could n't tell anyone the truth . 
 it could ruin his chances of selling the software . 
 the clients were ruthless , and they knew vane was one of the greatest marketing geniuses in the software industry . 
 he 'd been in software for twenty years , a long time in this rapidly changing business . 
 he had a stellar reputation . 
 nick delaware had no marketing experience and no software experience . 
 he was an investor who injected money and business acumen into financially struggling companies with loads of potential then sold them for huge profits . 
 as far as the seminar attendees were concerned , nick delaware knew nothing about software . 
 they 'd be insulted if an investor-albeit a good one-was trying to sell them a solution to their data warehousing problems . 
 they would n't touch software solutions ' application with a barge pole if nick delaware was trying to sell it to them , but with damien vane up there on the podium conducting demonstrations , they would lap it up . 
 and they were . 
 so far everyone assumed he was vane . 
 these men and women were i.t. professionals at heart who got a kick out of the latest technology . 
 they sat at their computers most days ; they did n't move in the circles he moved in , and they 'd never met vane , an american . 
 nick was media shy , preferring not to have photos of himself taken , even for the website . 
 none of the attendees would ever know about the switch . 
 as soon as he got back to sydney he was going to fire vane , replace him with a tee-totaling celibate . 
 he was slipping anyway , an unreliable has been . 
 still no one outside software solutions would know that it was the company 's owner who 'd done the demonstrations . 
 `` actually i 'm the vice president of marketing . '' 
 abbey nodded . 
 `` right . 
 very impressive . 
 so it all went well today ? '' 
 nick nodded then caught himself . 
 he needed to steer clear of this topic if he did n't want to reveal his identity . 
 she thought she was getting vane-he might as well take advantage of the misunderstanding . 
 `` abbey , i do n't really want to discuss work . '' 
 he leaned back in his chair . 
 `` tell me about you . '' 
 she sat up straight and blinked at him . 
 `` um , okay . 
 what do you want to know ? '' 
 good question . 
 what did he want to know ? 
 did he want to know anything about her at all , or would he rather keep a safe , unemotional distance ? 
 best to keep the conversation polite but friendly . 
 `` have you lived in melbourne all your life ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` like it ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i 'd really like to travel to europe though . '' 
 `` anywhere in particular or just europe in general ? '' 
 `` france . '' 
 `` really ? 
 i was there last year . '' 
 abbey 's mouth dropped and her eyes widened . 
 `` what 's it like ? 
 is paris as beautiful as they say ? '' 
 `` i do n't know who ` they ' are or what they say about paris , but yes , it 's a beautiful city . 
 very romantic . 
 well , i was there for work , but i 'm sure it would be romantic if i had female company . '' 
 nick realized he should have said his wife . 
 vane was married . 
 did she even know vane was married ? 
 abbey grinned . 
 it was spectacular-the sort of smile that changed a pretty face into an extraordinary one . 
 it was also highly contagious . 
 he could n't help but grin back . 
 `` you should 've had a holiday while you were there , '' she said . 
 `` you know , added another week on the end , after your business was finished . 
 that 's what i would have done if i were ever lucky enough to go to paris for work . '' 
 `` easier said than done . 
 i had to fly back to sydney . 
 it 's difficult to be away from the office for long . '' 
 `` your boss sounds like a task master . '' 
 nick laughed . 
 `` he is . 
 but that 's okay , i like what i do . 
 it 's my passion . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` strange passion . 
 perhaps if you had a hobby you 'd learn to relax a little more . 
 you could take up yoga or bush walking . '' 
 nick crossed his arms in front of him on the table . 
 this woman was getting a little presumptuous telling him what he should and should n't do . 
 and who said he was n't relaxed ? 
 he was ; just enough to keep his staff happy without allowing them to walk all over him . 
 `` i have responsibilities to my employees . 
 i ca n't just take time off here and there when i feel like it . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i do n't see why not . 
 all work and no play makes damien a very dull man . '' 
 she thought he was dull ? 
 `` i was n't always a workaholic , '' he said defensively , not really sure why he felt the urge to alter her perception of him . 
 `` i used to be pretty wild when i was younger . '' 
 `` really ? 
 tell me about it . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` you 're nosy , are n't you ? '' 
 she shrugged two deliciously naked shoulders . 
 `` i 'm just being friendly . '' 
 right . 
 friendly . 
 she was just making small talk with the man who owed her money . 
 it 's what she did , a mechanism to lull him into a false sense of security , to loosen him up for later . 
 this woman knew exactly what she was doing and it had nothing to do with being interested in his childhood . 
 well , she could forget about trying to make polite small talk with him . 
 he was n't about to fall for her tricks . 
 `` i think we 'll drop that topic of conversation , '' he said . 
 abbey sat back in her chair , surveying him through unblinking eyes . 
 `` yes , sir ! '' 
 nick flinched at the mocking tone . 
 `` let 's talk about something you do n't mind talking about then , '' she said , a smile twitching her plump lips again . 
 kissable lips . 
 her smile had an amazing ability to relax him . 
 nick delaware was n't used to being relaxed . 
 it spread a warm , caressing sensation over his skin . 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` where else have you been ? 
 other than france , i mean . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` you name it , i 've probably been there . '' 
 `` wow . 
 really ? '' 
 she leaned forward conspiratorially . 
 `` either you 're incredibly rich or you 've got a great job . '' 
 he laughed . 
 she was sassy , he had to give her that . 
 he ignored the first part of her question altogether . 
 `` the job takes me places but i never really get to see them . 
 not the way i want to . '' 
 `` which is ? '' 
 `` slowly . 
 i 'd rather take my time . 
 spend a few weeks in a village in tuscany or on felucca floating down the nile . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` all i get to see is the inside of a hotel room and an office block or two . 
 not very interesting . '' 
 it was n't entirely a lie . 
 he 'd traveled around the world when he was in his early twenties , care of a trust fund and family money . 
 but since he 'd started his own business investing in other companies , he did n't get to see much of the cities he visited . 
 `` ooh , yes , egypt , '' abbey crooned . 
 `` another place i want to visit . 
 i love ancient history . 
 i even thought about becoming an archaeologist but it meant an extra three years and i 'd already had enough of study after finishing my arts degree . '' 
 nick raised his eyebrows as abbey 's drew together . 
 she coughed and looked away . 
 but nick was n't going to let that one slide by . 
 `` you went to university ? 
 what did you major in ? 
 sensual massage ? '' 
 abbey 's lips twitched , fighting a grin . 
 eventually the grin won . 
 `` very funny , '' she said taking a sip of wine . 
 he opened his mouth to ask her what she really did major in , but she held up a finger . 
 `` that topic 's off limits . '' 
 like hell . 
 `` no . 
 i want to know more . '' 
 `` i said it 's off limits . 
 got it ? '' 
 her voice was low and she spoke through clenched teeth . 
 nick did n't like being refused . 
 he glared at her with a look that usually withered his opposition across a boardroom table . 
 she did n't flinch . 
 she glared right back . 
 `` guess it 's back to travel again , then , '' he said in attempt to clear the air . 
 she nodded stiffly and sat back in her seat . 
 she looked flustered . 
 good . 
 he liked knowing he 'd at least achieved that reaction from her , since she 'd already succeeded in getting him to lose his self-control last night . 
 it was only fair . 
 `` antarctica , '' he said . 
 `` that 's the one place i do n't want to go . 
 too cold . '' 
 abbey 's sour mood melted and she laughed , a throaty laugh that bubbled up from deep within . 
 god , it was fantastic the way she threw back her head and put her heart into her laugh . 
 he 'd never met anyone who enjoyed his conversation so much . 
 it was a novel experience-and kind of satisfying too . 
 `` way too cold for me too , '' she said . 
 `` i prefer the heat . '' 
 `` then you 'd be happy today . '' 
 `` well , today was exceptional , even by melbourne 's standards . 
 although i do like it like this . 
 it reminds me of summers by the pool or down the beach when i was a kid . '' 
 her voice drifted off dreamily . 
 nick could picture her , sitting on a beach in a large straw hat and bikini . 
 a small , white bikini that revealed her rosy ni ** les when she emerged from the water . 
 he swallowed and glanced at abbey . 
 she was grinning at him . 
 damn it , how did she know what he was thinking ? 
 `` i take it from that look on your face that you like the beach too ? '' 
 her eyes danced mischievously . 
 he nodded and shifted in his seat . 
 bad move . 
 his erection rubbed against his thighs and the movement made him bigger , harder . 
 `` are you ready to order , sir , madam ? '' 
 a short , balding waiter stood at nick 's side , handed them a menu each then scuttled away . 
 nick was grateful for the distraction . 
 `` the seafood 's great here , '' said abbey . 
 he peered over his menu . 
 `` you 've eaten here before ? '' 
 yet another surprise-abbey did n't seem like the right sort of clientele . 
 `` many times . '' 
 she suddenly dropped her menu . 
 he momentarily caught her gaze in his and held it before she glanced away . 
 she shrugged casually . 
 too casually . 
 `` once or twice a long time ago . 
 i ca n't afford this sort of place anymore . '' 
 her face disappeared behind her menu again . 
 she was a mystery this one . 
 a real mystery . 
 they ordered and continued sipping wine and chatting . 
 the evening was turning into quite a pleasant one , and he was surprised at how easily he could talk to abbey . 
 and laugh with her . 
 she asked him about sydney , and he saw no reason not to tell her which restaurants he liked . 
 she seemed eager to hear about the best galleries in town , something else he was n't expecting . 
 when he asked her what sort of art she liked , hoping to catch her out , she quickly rattled off some of her favorites . 
 `` actually , any of the french impressionists . 
 which is why i want to visit paris . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` the musee d'orsay has a fabulous collection , so i hear . '' 
 he smiled back , genuinely pleased with her answer . 
 `` you know , i did n't think masseurs were the type of people to go to art galleries . '' 
 he thought he saw her flinch but it was covered quickly by a defiant toss of her head . 
 `` you should n't judge a book by its cover . '' 
 nick 's gut tightened . 
 she was right , he was n't being fair . 
 but he was damned if he was going to apologize . 
 nick delaware was not the sort of man to apologize to a hooker for thinking she was out of place in an art gallery . 
 and he 'd best remember that before he got carried away by this woman 's charm . 
 their meals arrived , saving him from making any further comments , or apologies . 
 they ate in silence , broken only by occasional chatter . 
 once their plates were collected , abbey checked her watch . 
 `` time to go ? '' 
 as soon as he said it , nick cringed . 
 he did n't want to appear too eager to get back to the hotel . 
 on the other hand , he did n't want to appear too casual either , in case she decided he was n't interested enough . 
 damn it , this woman was tying his brain into knots-he needed to regain his control , and fast . 
 `` nearly , '' she said with a cheeky smile . 
 their coffees arrived and he stirred in a spoonful of sugar . 
 he was replacing the spoon on the saucer when he felt something at his crotch . 
 he jumped , bumping the table , splashing coffee into the saucer . 
 he glanced up at abbey to see if she 'd noticed , and was met with a wicked smile . 
 again something touched him , and this time he did n't jump . 
 he knew what it was-abbey 's bare toes . 
 thank god for long tablecloths . 
 the toes moved around his bulge , feeling , prodding , stroking . 
 she was extremely dexterous , because her toes caught his zip and slowly began pulling it down . 
 he gasped and a hot rush of blood flooded his face . 
 he swallowed and looked at abbey . 
 she was no longer smiling but concentrating on her task . 
 she stared straight back at him , boldly , and that only made him more excited . 
 the toes ducked into his open trousers and rubbed his erection , only the thin fabric of his shorts between his flesh and hers . 
 the pain and pleasure was excruciating . 
 he wanted to take himself out of the shorts and let her have free reign but common sense told him not to be ridiculous . 
 what if someone came over ? 
 he should n't have let it get this far . 
 he should n't be doing this . 
 he should n't ... oh , what the hell , it felt too good to stop now . 
 nick closed his eyes and let the sensations course through his body . 
 he heard someone moan-himself ? 
 - and bent his head forward . 
 she felt good . 
 damn good . 
 her toes stroked , an endless circular motion that quickened his pulse . 
 he sat forward on his seat , bringing himself closer to her foot . 
 she had managed to get his trousers even wider apart and she was massaging him , up and down the hard length caught inside his shorts . 
 it pleaded with him to be released from its tight prison . 
 as it grew and expanded , he had no choice-he reached under the tablecloth , not totally aware of what he was doing , and fumbled the button on his shorts . 
 his erection sprung out , and he heard abbey gasp . 
 he looked up at her and the lust in her eyes told him she was enjoying this as much as he was . 
 both her hands were below the table and he wondered whether she was touching herself . 
 the thought that she might be made him harder , hotter . 
 her toes caressed him , lightly at first then , as if detecting his need , she rubbed her foot against the base before caressing the shaft all the way to the tip . 
 the movement made him pant . 
 `` abbey ! '' 
 the angry voice above him sent a jolt through nick . 
 the foot suddenly stopped rubbing and he heard a quick intake of breath from abbey . 
 he looked up , trying to control his breathing , and stared straight into the eyes of a man . 
 jealous eyes . 
 the man glanced from him to abbey . 
 `` tarken ! '' 
 she stared wide-eyed up at the newcomer . 
 `` what the hell are you doing here ? '' 
 there was frustration in her voice , but no indication on her face of what she 'd just been doing under the table . 
 nick hoped he looked just as composed . 
 `` having dinner . 
 who 's he ? '' 
 the man , tarken , jerked his thumb in nick 's direction . 
 `` none of your business . '' 
 `` none of my business ? 
 abbey , come on , i - '' `` she said it 's none of your business , '' said nick , keeping his voice low . 
 `` now leave . '' 
 he hoped tarken did n't have enough guts to challenge him . 
 nick could n't get up-he was still protruding from his shorts . 
 tarken rounded on him , a challenge in his eyes . 
 `` who do you think you are , ordering me around ? '' 
 nick drummed his fingers on the table . 
 who the hell was this arrogant s.o.b. ? 
 and how dare he speak to a woman that way . 
 how dare he speak to him , nick delaware , that way ! 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 nick countered . 
 `` abbey 's boyfriend . '' 
 chapter 4 nick felt like something was pressing down on his chest . 
 abbey had a boyfriend ? 
 and it was this idiot ? 
 the man , tarken , was dressed in casual but expensive pants and a ralph lauren shirt ; his hair tousled in an overly styled boy-band way . 
 he supposed many women would consider him a good looking man with his dark blonde hair and square jaw . 
 he definitely did n't look like a pimp . 
 not that nick knew what a pimp looked like . 
 maybe he really was her boyfriend . 
 `` you are not my boyfriend ! '' 
 said abbey , her eyes spitting blue sparks in tarken 's direction . 
 `` you seem to have forgotten that i found you kissing melinda yesterday . 
 she told me you 'd slept together while i was away . 
 and i seem to recall telling you that we were through when i handed in my resignation . '' 
 even in the dark restaurant , nick could see tarken 's face had flushed . 
 `` i think you should leave , '' said nick quietly , deliberately . 
 damn , he could n't get up . 
 he needed a distraction . 
 `` waiter ! '' 
 the waiter was immediately at his side . 
 `` this man is bothering us . '' 
 tarken 's eyes widened and his face suddenly slackened . 
 `` i was just leaving . 
 i 've lost my appetite anyway . '' 
 nick watched as tarken rushed out of the restaurant without even glancing back at abbey . 
 when the eyes of the other patrons finally diverted , nick discretely zipped his fly . 
 he glanced across the table at abbey but she was looking down at her empty plate . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she nodded but did n't look up . 
 `` sorry about that , '' she muttered . 
 `` i did n't mean to cause a scene . '' 
 `` you did n't . 
 he did . '' 
 nick drew in a deep breath , feeling more in control now that he was no longer in such a vulnerable position with his fly open . 
 he reached across and touched abbey 's arm , folded in front of her on the table . 
 she looked up at him . 
 her eyes were moist . 
 she looked incredibly lost . 
 small . 
 he just wanted to take her in his arms and hold her , kiss her . 
 tell her everything was okay because he 'd take care of her . 
 nick shook his head to dismiss the ridiculous thoughts . 
 taking care of a hooker was not on his agenda for the week . 
 what was coming over him ? 
 melbourne was having such a strange affect on his behavior . 
 or maybe it was the heat . 
 banishing all possessive thoughts , nick straightened . 
 there was something he wanted to know . 
 `` so , is he your boyfriend ? '' 
 `` not any more . '' 
 `` he cheated on you with someone called melinda ? '' 
 she nodded and turned away . 
 `` he 's a fool . 
 if i were him , i would n't let such a beautiful woman like you go . '' 
 her head snapped up . 
 her eyes bore into his but he was damned if he was going to look away . 
 nick delaware never looked away first . 
 he did n't know why he 'd said that . 
 it had just tumbled out of his mouth . 
 if he were n't careful , he 'd turn into a soft romantic . 
 he swallowed , abbey 's direct gaze unnerving him with its penetration . 
 finally , thankfully , she wavered and glanced away . 
 nick let out a long breath . 
 he should not have said that . 
 the last thing he wanted to do was give abbey the wrong idea . 
 he did n't want to encourage her . 
 this was n't pretty woman . 
 he had to remember she was a just a hooker . 
 that tarken guy may not look like a pimp , but that did n't mean he was n't one . 
 although he was no longer abbey 's by the sounds of it . 
 nick frowned , recalling something abbey had said . 
 since when did hooker 's hand in resignations ? 
 `` abbey , when you said you handed in your resignation , what did you mean ? '' 
 she glanced up at him . 
 he thought he saw amusement flicker through her eyes before they returned to their usual intense blue . 
 she held up her hand . 
 `` no more questions . 
 not about tarken , okay ? '' 
 nick blinked . 
 `` now wait a minute . 
 i deserve - '' `` let 's get out of here , '' she said quickly . 
 ready ? '' 
 he would have pursued the issue of the resignation and tarken , except those words made him forget everything except the touch of abbey 's toes . 
 he signaled the waiter , paid the bill and stood . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 abbey followed nick outside where it was still warm , despite the sun 's disappearance over an hour ago . 
 she felt strangely relieved to be out of the restaurant , where a surprisingly pleasant meal had turned sour with tarken 's unexpected arrival . 
 of all the restaurants to choose , he chose that one ! 
 she had n't thought of tarken all day , and with the game of footsies under the table , she 'd been caught with her pants down . 
 well , damien had . 
 it annoyed her that she 'd gotten upset over tarken 's appearance , and his demand . 
 not because she wanted tarken to see her like that , but because she did n't want damien to see her as anything less than composed and in control . 
 damien vane was a no-nonsense , straight down the line , man . 
 he did n't seem like the type of guy to want a flighty female in his bed , which was exactly where she wanted to be . 
 and not just for the camera either , she realized . 
 for herself . 
 she 'd enjoyed their encounter the night before-she had n't been able to think of anything else all day . 
 it had put a serious dent in her job hunting when she 'd fumbled through an interview with a legal firm . 
 the image of damien in all his naked glory caused her to stumble over her words and appear a complete idiot . 
 but now she was n't just thinking about last night either , she was also thinking about tonight . 
 it had been her idea to have dinner first . 
 lucy had expected her to just go straight up to his hotel again and take it from there , but abbey wanted to see damien before they got down to business . 
 she needed to know more about the man she 'd slept with . 
 call her old fashioned-and lucy had-but she liked to at least have one normal conversation with the men she took to bed . 
 this time , the conversation had waited till later , but it had still been necessary as far as abbey was concerned . 
 besides , she could n't wait until ten o'clock . 
 she thought that the sooner she saw him , the sooner the agony of waiting would be over . 
 but it was n't . 
 the agony was still there , even now as she tried to keep pace with his quick , long stride down collins street to the hotel . 
 that 's why she 'd put her foot to the bulge in his trousers-the agony had become too much . 
 that was the only way she could explain her behavior tonight . 
 she 'd never done anything so daring , so brazen , in her life . 
 she wondered what would have happened if tarken had n't shown up . 
 could she have made damien go all the way ? 
 the thought sent a sudden surge of power through her that instantly dampened her . 
 she could n't wait to get upstairs . 
 the doorman nodded to damien as he tugged her gently but firmly alongside him . 
 he definitely seemed eager to get to his room . 
 abbey smiled to herself . 
 good . 
 it was ten o'clock , and lucy would be ready with the camera . 
 damien fumbled the key in the keyhole . 
 taking a deep breath , he suddenly turned and kissed her roughly . 
 his breathing came in ragged gasps . 
 `` abbey , '' he said , looking at her . 
 his eyes were dark and hooded . 
 his hand flew around her waist and he pulled her to him . 
 she could feel the bulge in his pants and she deliberately rubbed herself against it as she kissed him full on the lips . 
 he kissed her back , urgently , before drawing himself away . 
 `` i apologize in advance , '' he whispered hoarsely . 
 `` apologize ? 
 what for - ? '' 
 damien had the door open and was tugging her through after him , roughly . 
 suddenly she knew . 
 and liked it . 
 wanted it . 
 the door slammed shut and he pushed her back against it . 
 he kissed her and she clawed at his shirt , popping two buttons as she tore if off him , revealing his bare chest . 
 she sunk her teeth into a nipple and he growled , throwing his head back . 
 damien 's hands roamed across her thighs , pushing her skirt up and over her hips . 
 his long fingers went behind her and cupped her bu ** ocks . 
 he massaged the flesh and plucked at the thong as his mouth sank into her throat . 
 he lifted her off the ground and she wrapped her legs around him , her back still against the door . 
 abbey gasped when he kissed her ni ** les through her bra . 
 he 'd managed to get her top over her br ** sts , and she felt a hand reach up and unhook her bra . 
 it fell away and he suckled the flesh , licking at the ripe buds , nibbling until they were raw and ready . 
 she fumbled with his trousers and finally unzipped the fly . 
 she reached in and grabbed his erection , releasing it from its tight prison . 
 he gasped , then his sucking became urgent as she wrapped her fingers around the hard shaft . 
 his entire body quivered . 
 damien seemed to lose control then . 
 he tore at her panties , ripping the thong in two and throwing the pieces to the floor . 
 he pressed her into the door as she guided him into her sleek wetness . 
 he felt thick and hot as he slammed into her , deep , filling her . 
 his thrusts were urgent , almost desperate , as he hammered her to the door . 
 abbey bit back a cry as she rode him until the familiar tingling waves engulfed her , sending her body into spasms . 
 then damien shuddered beneath her thighs and let out a long , low groan as he threw his head back and spurted into her . 
 they stood like that for a long moment-abbey against the door , her legs around damien 's waist . 
 his head was buried in the hair at her shoulder . 
 she could feel his hot breath , hear it change from heavy and rough to controlled . 
 slowly , he pulled away and let her down gently . 
 `` sorry , '' he mumbled , suddenly coloring . 
 `` i should 've had more restraint . 
 i do n't usually - '' abbey , still trying to catch her breath , placed a finger to his lips . 
 `` shhh . 
 do n't apologize . 
 it was fantastic . 
 i like it when you lose control like that . '' 
 he turned away . 
 `` i do n't . 
 it 's not dignified . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` neither is having sex with a virtual stranger . '' 
 she caught damien 's face in hers and forced him to look at her . 
 `` just enjoy it , as lucy would say . '' 
 `` who 's lucy ? '' 
 abbey plucked at damien 's lips with her own . 
 `` a friend . '' 
 she nibbled his mouth , tasting , sucking , then , as his hands came up to catch her face , she delved and let her tongue go where it wanted to go . 
 he kissed her back , hard and heavy . 
 he felt good . 
 damn good . 
 `` ready for round two ? '' 
 she whispered against his lips . 
 damien smiled . 
 `` you 're game . '' 
 she had to be , abbey thought . 
 there was a wall between them and the lounge room . 
 there 's no way lucy would have caught any of that on film . 
 just as well . 
 she did n't particularly want her best friend watching her in the act . 
 besides , gentle , sensuous lovemaking after that hard and fast effort was just what she needed . 
 and wanted . 
 damien picked her up and carried her into the lounge . 
 he placed her on the couch and she sat up , kissing him . 
 they were both still more or less clothed although disheveled . 
 abbey reached up and removed his shirt , sighing as she took in his masculinity . 
 he had the body of an adonis-hard , lean and muscular in all the right places . 
 `` you must work out , '' she said , tracing a finger along the muscles of chest and shoulder . 
 `` sometimes , '' he said through kisses . 
 he sat back on the couch and lifted her top . 
 her bra had already come off , so her br ** sts spilled out . 
 he took one in his mouth . 
 then stopped . 
 `` oh hell , '' he said . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 `` we did n't use a condom . '' 
 `` i 've taken precaution , so you do n't have to worry about that . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i do n't know if it helps , but i 'm clean . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` so am i. '' that seemed to be enough for him . 
 he returned to his task of suckling , the issue already forgotten . 
 abbey glanced at the window . 
 the curtains were open . 
 lucy would be able to see everything . 
 but suddenly it did n't matter . 
 lucy had seen her br ** sts before at the gym although not with a man on the end of them . 
 and no one else was going to see the photos except for damien 's wife . 
 his wife . 
 a faceless woman floated through abbey 's thoughts and she closed her eyes . 
 she clenched hard as something tore at her gut . 
 this was n't supposed to happen . 
 she was n't supposed to feel guilty . 
 suddenly she felt like she was being smothered . 
 as if something was pressing on her chest and stopping her from breathing . 
 `` wait , '' she said , pushing damien away . 
 `` we ca n't . 
 i ca n't . '' 
 he blinked at her . 
 `` no , you have to , '' he said thickly . 
 `` i have to . 
 abbey , i need you - '' he stopped and looked down , drawing in a deep breath . 
 he ran a hand through his already messy hair and sat back . 
 she could tell he was struggling with his inner turmoil , desperately trying to regain his composure . 
 `` if you do n't want to , i understand . '' 
 it did n't sound like it , abbey thought . 
 nor did it look like it-his c ** k protruded from his shorts , thick and throbbing . 
 ready . 
 abbey swallowed . 
 she wanted him inside her again . 
 very much . 
 lucy 's voice crept into her brain : `` his marriage is already over or she would n't have come to us . 
 just go in there and enjoy some unbridled sex for once in your life . 
 it does n't mean anything . 
 not to him , not to you and not to his wife . 
 got it ? '' 
 abbey had nodded then and she nodded now . 
 `` yes . 
 i do want to . '' 
 she pulled damien to her and kissed him . 
 her hands descended to his trousers and she tugged them down , then his shorts , so she could gaze at him unhindered . 
 his florid erection was beating strongly in anticipation . 
 she touched it and he drew away , just out of her reach . 
 `` not yet , '' he rasped . 
 she looked into his eyes and felt something pass between them . 
 something that simmered in the heat . 
 something intense . 
 he tenderly stroked her cheek . 
 she closed her eyes and reveled in his soft , sure touch . 
 the movement was so delicate , so sweet . 
 almost loving . 
 damien lifted abbey off the couch , unzipped her skirt and pulled it down over her legs and ankles . 
 he sat back on his haunches beside the couch and let out a sigh as he gazed at her body . 
 `` you 're fabulous , abbey . '' 
 he stroked her calf , her thigh , brushed her moist lips with a teasing finger . 
 `` so beautiful , '' he whispered . 
 abbey 's breathing turned heavy as that hand delicately explored , teased . 
 a few more strokes and she would be lost in delicious torment , begging him to take her . 
 but damien stopped . 
 `` i want you to turn away from me abbey . '' 
 his voice was low , intense and oh-so sensual . 
 she obeyed . 
 something inside her wanted to do everything he asked her to do . 
 for some reason she could n't fathom , she trusted him . 
 trusted that he was going to give her an experience she would not forget . 
 she sat on the couch , facing the armrest . 
 she felt the couch behind her move under his weight as he sat down . 
 `` now get on your knees . '' 
 she did as she was told , eager anticipation heating her . 
 `` and open your legs . 
 good . 
 now move back so you 're sitting on my lap . '' 
 abbey wiggled backwards until she felt damien 's knees . 
 he was kneeling too , his legs together . 
 she settled herself on his thighs , her legs on either side of his . 
 his erection rose up between her back and his stomach . 
 it pulsed quietly , the movement sending a shudder of anticipation through her . 
 his left arm snaked around her , pinning her arm to her side . 
 he touched her right breast , cupping its weight in his hand , massaging , up and around , until it was erect . 
 a spasm shot from her breast to her inner thighs . 
 abbey sighed deeply and relaxed into him . 
 `` good , '' he murmured . 
 his other hand came round her right side and lightly played along her thigh , moving inwards slowly . 
 the sensation sent her skin tingling under his touch . 
 his fingers gently parted her and caught the sensitive little knob . 
 he tugged and she moaned . 
 her head rolled back onto his shoulder and he kissed her exposed neck lightly . 
 with excruciating slowness , he rubbed her sensitive spot , up and down , and she fought back the urge to cry out , to let the orgasm come . 
 `` you 're so wet , abbey , '' he whispered into her ear . 
 `` do you want me ? '' 
 she drew in a deep ragged breath and let it out slowly , trying to calm herself . 
 `` yes , '' she muttered in a voice not her own . 
 the sensations were beginning to swamp her , and no amount of deep breathing could stop her mounting climax . 
 then he stopped . 
 what the hell for ? 
 she moaned in desperation . 
 `` do you want me abbey ? '' 
 he whispered again . 
 she let out a small cry of protest at the tease , nodded quickly and wiggled against his hand . 
 he moved it just out of her reach . 
 `` good . 
 because i want you . 
 badly . '' 
 abbey whimpered . 
 every pore of her body screamed for those fingers , wanted them to penetrate her , rub her . 
 `` now . 
 oh , please , now . '' 
 just as she thought she could n't stand it any longer , the hand cupped her . 
 then one long finger entered her , withdrew , and entered again . 
 his palm rubbed against her pulsing little nub . 
 picking up speed , he repeated the motion until the waves finally engulfed her , offering amazing relief as she rocked in time to his hand , arching her back , thrusting her br ** sts forwards as his left hand squeezed a tender nipple . 
 nick waited until abbey 's shuddering ceased . 
 he kissed her neck while he waited , breathing in her heady scent . 
 she was incredible , the way she moved , the way she responded with complete abandon , utter trust and raw emotion . 
 he waited until he could wait no more . 
 the movement of her back against his erection had sent his pulse rate rising and he was almost ready to explode between them . 
 `` abbey , '' he whispered , `` oh , abbey . '' 
 he could n't stop saying her name . 
 he loved the way it sounded . 
 he loved the way her skin formed little bumps every time he said it . 
 `` damien - '' he placed a finger over her lips . 
 `` do n't say my name , '' he said huskily . 
 `` please do n't say it . '' 
 she nodded , confusion in her eyes , but she did n't question him . 
 instead , she licked the finger at her lips , sucking it into her mouth . 
 then she took charge . 
 she pushed him back onto the couch , then knelt above him , lowering herself . 
 a deep groan emanated from his throat as she touched his throbbing tip . 
 his eyes watched her as she settled down on him , then bulged as she swallowed him whole inside her . 
 she was hot and wet and just the feel of her sucking him into her slickness brought him quickly to the edge . 
 she leaned forward , her hands beside his head on the couch and pumped him hard . 
 then just as he thought he was going to explode inside her , she stopped . 
 she smiled wickedly down at him . 
 `` abbey , '' he croaked . 
 `` do n't . 
 not now . '' 
 he thrust his hips up to meet her , but she moved , just enough so he could n't reach . 
 `` do you want me ? '' 
 she asked with a sly grin . 
 he closed his eyes and nodded . 
 `` damn it , abbey , yes . '' 
 what was she doing ? 
 this was torture . 
 if she was trying to pay him back for teasing her the same way a moment ago , then it was working . 
 unable to stand it any longer , he took her hips in his hands , then thrust upwards again , a mighty effort that made her gasp as he lunged deep inside her . 
 she pumped him , long and hard , and a moment later he felt her shudder . 
 it sent him to the edge again and over it . 
 wave upon wave crashed into him as abbey 's body became limp and flopped on top of him , her arms snaking around his neck . 
 she kissed him feverishly as he climaxed into her . 
 he pushed his hands through her hair and kissed her back . 
 *** an hour later , nick awoke and brushed abbey 's hair from her face . 
 she still lay on top of him , her weight pressing into his arms and chest . 
 he did n't want her to move . 
 she felt good snuggled into him . 
 comfortable . 
 abbey stirred . 
 she lifted her head up and blinked down and smiled the electric smile that had him hooked . 
 he grinned back . 
 he could n't help it . 
 she had that affect on him . 
 `` hello , sleepy head , '' he said , catching the bulk of her hair in one hand and holding it off her face so he could see her beautiful eyes . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 `` about two . '' 
 `` i should be going . '' 
 she tried to get up but he held her . 
 `` stay awhile longer , '' he murmured . 
 she looked at him through drowsy eyes , then settled back onto his chest with a sigh . 
 `` we could go into the bedroom , '' he said . 
 `` you could stay the rest of the night . '' 
 abbey sat up , shaking her head . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i should go . 
 my friend is waiting . '' 
 nick frowned . 
 what friend ? 
 he felt a small stab in the base of his stomach . 
 not tarken , the idiot from dinner ? 
 `` lucy , '' she said , as if reading his thoughts . 
 she glanced over at the window . 
 `` she 'll be waiting for me . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 he extricated himself from her and stood . 
 fool . 
 do n't forget who she is . 
 what she is . 
 she 'd replaced one pimp with another , a woman this time . 
 and he was an idiot to have forgotten what the arrangement was . 
 he 'd been carried away in the heat of the moment , the passion , thinking this was more than it actually was . 
 but it was sex . 
 just sex . 
 he looked down at abbey . 
 she was already dressed in her bra and skirt and she was holding her torn thong , a piece in each hand . 
 she glanced up at him , her eyes glistening , a smile twitching her lips . 
 `` guess i need to buy another one . '' 
 nick 's first instinct was to smile back at her , but he shoved any thoughts of humor from his mind . 
 she was hinting that she needed more money than just two nights worth . 
 or was it three , since they 'd actually done it three times now ? 
 he bent , picked up his pants and pulled the wallet out of the back pocket . 
 he opened it and glanced down at abbey as she sat on the couch . 
 her blue eyes stared back at him expectantly . 
 he turned away . 
 he could n't look at her , not when she pulled that innocent face on him . 
 it was all he could do to stop himself from kissing her again . 
 `` how much ? '' 
 she did n't say anything , so he was forced to look at her . 
 her eyes narrowed and her brow puckered . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 she asked . 
 nick took out a hundred dollar note . 
 `` one hundred ? 
 two hundred ? 
 i have no idea what these things cost . '' 
 his voice sounded angry , even to him , but that was too bad . 
 it was how he felt . 
 cheated somehow , but he was n't sure why . 
 abbey 's jaw dropped and her eyes suddenly widened to the size of satellite dishes . 
 she stood , fully clothed now , and glared back at him . 
 he suddenly felt very ill , sickened by what he 'd done . 
 this was not like him . 
 he 'd never done anything so drastic and so foolish in his life . 
 he did not like it . 
 `` three hundred ? '' 
 he asked gruffly . 
 he was peering into his wallet so he did n't see the hand coming . 
 her slap stung his cheek . 
 his head snapped up and he resisted the urge to grab her hand to stop her doing it again . 
 it was n't dignified . 
 whatever was wrong , he could sort it out with some clear level-headed thinking . 
 `` what the hell was that for ? '' 
 he shouted . 
 fuck level-headedness . 
 nick delaware had never been slapped in his life , and certainly not by a hooker ! 
 `` for treating me like something on a supermarket shelf . '' 
 she turned away and rounded the couch . 
 she was heading toward the door . 
 `` abbey ! '' 
 she did n't stop . 
 nick ran after her and grabbed her arm . 
 `` abbey , where are you going ? '' 
 `` none of your damn business . 
 besides , what do you care ? 
 i 'm just a cheap hooker you bought for a couple of nights , are n't i ? '' 
 nick blinked down at her . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` well , i do n't think three hundred dollars is cheap , but i admit i do n't really know - '' this time he saw the slap coming and he caught her hand . 
 she tried to pull free but he held her firmly . 
 their eyes locked in unspoken battle . 
 after glaring at each other for several heartbeats , he let go . 
 `` abbey , calm down . 
 what 's the problem ? '' 
 `` you ! 
 i 'm not a hooker , damien . '' 
 nick flinched at the name . 
 `` stop calling me that , please . 
 and what do you mean you 're not a hooker ? '' 
 abbey shook her head and flung her arms in the air . 
 `` what does it sound like it means ? 
 i 'm - not-a-hooker . 
 is that clear enough ? '' 
 nick took a step back and drew his brows together . 
 `` then , why are you here ? '' 
 she turned away so he could n't see her face . 
 she took a step toward the door , but there was no way he was going to let her go after that revelation without an explanation . 
 he caught her arm . 
 he thought he had the situation all figured out . 
 he thought he had abbey all figured out , but now nothing was what it seemed anymore . 
 and he was a man who liked everything out in the open . 
 no surprises , no secrets . 
 he wanted to know who he was dealing with at all times , and that included now , with abbey . 
 if that was in fact her real name . 
 `` abbey , '' he said softly . 
 he drew her to him . 
 `` if you 're not a hooker - '' `` which i 'm not . '' 
 nick nodded . 
 `` which you 're not , then what 's going on ? '' 
 abbey shook her head and nick felt his blood begin to heat up . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 `` you do n't need to know . '' 
 `` the hell i do n't ! '' 
 i 've just slept with you-more than once-i think i have a right to know who , and what , you are . '' 
 `` we agreed this was just sex , '' she said through gritted teeth . 
 she pulled her arm out of his grip . 
 `` no strings attached . 
 two consenting adults . 
 remember ? '' 
 her glare dared him to deny it . 
 he wanted to . 
 he wanted to tell her how much he 'd liked it . 
 how much he liked her company . 
 how much he wanted to see her again . 
 but he could n't . 
 she may not be a hooker , but he still had no idea what she wanted from him . 
 until she told him , he was n't going to give her an inch . 
 this was just like closing a business deal-never let the opposition see all your cards at once . 
 it paid to keep something back until they revealed all of theirs . 
 `` yeah , '' he said casually . 
 `` it was just sex . 
 is that what you wanted to hear ? '' 
 apparently not because she emitted a low growl , then reached for the door handle . 
 but nick was n't ready to let her go yet . 
 he wanted answers . 
 he placed a hand against the door beside her head , slamming it closed again . 
 abbey swung round . 
 she was trapped between the wall and his arm . 
 good . 
 maybe now he could reason with her . 
 `` let me out or i 'll scream . '' 
 he smiled down at her . 
 `` go ahead . '' 
 she screwed up her nose , closed her eyes and opened her mouth . 
 hell , she really was going to scream ! 
 he did the first thing that came into his mind-he kissed her . 
 hard and deep . 
 he took her face in his hands and rubbed his thumbs along her cheeks , gently . 
 she groaned and he thought he had her . 
 he thought she 'd succumb to his kiss . 
 maybe she 'd stay with him a while longer , tell him everything he wanted to know . 
 everything he needed to know . 
 but he was wrong . 
 abbey stopped kissing him and pushed away . 
 her eyes glowed up at him like two blue flames . 
 `` you 're an ass ** le , do you know that ? 
 you think everyone should bow to your whim , especially women . 
 well , i 've got news for you , buddy . 
 i hate arrogant men . 
 you ca n't order people around and you ca n't make women do what you want them to do with a kiss . '' 
 she spun round and opened the door . 
 nick swallowed . 
 he had to think , but he could n't . 
 his brain was failing him , for the first time in his life . 
 `` abbey , '' he said softly , `` do n't go . '' 
 she swung round again . 
 `` and do n't think that a few gently spoken words are going to work either , because they do n't . '' 
 she sniffed . 
 `` not on me anyway . '' 
 nick stood , rooted to the floor . 
 he was still naked , he realized , but he did n't care . 
 what could he say to make her stay ? 
 and what in the world was she doing in his hotel in the first place ? 
 `` just tell me one thing . 
 if you 're not a hooker , then why did you come to my room in the first place ? '' 
 she paused , the door wide open . 
 she glanced up at him then looked away , out into the corridor . 
 `` free massage , complements of hotel management . '' 
 she walked across the threshold without looking back . 
 the door swung closed behind her . 
 nick let her go . 
 if she was n't going to tell him the truth then he did n't want to see her again . 
 nobody lies to nick delaware . 
 chapter 5 abbey sat in the swivel chair behind lucy 's desk , staring blankly out the window at the rundown warehouse next door , while her friend studied a role of film negatives . 
 `` this is really hot , '' lucy said , a smile in her voice . 
 `` we could put this stuff up on the web and make a fortune at a dollar a peep . '' 
 `` very funny . '' 
 abbey sighed and passed a hand over her face . 
 it was one o'clock in the afternoon . 
 she 'd had zero sleep , it was hot and lucy 's office was stifling with only a noisy old fan to circulate the stuffy air . 
 lucy sat on the edge of the desk , her face suddenly turning serious . 
 `` look , abbey , do n't get upset over what this guy said . 
 it was bound to happen considering the circumstances . 
 he 's a jerk and you 're not a hooker . 
 forget about it . 
 he 's not worth it . '' 
 `` easier said than done . 
 it 's not everyday i get accused of being a prostitute . '' 
 abbey still could n't believe damien had actually had the nerve to offer her money after what they 'd shared . 
 is that what the sex had meant to him ? 
 is that what she 'd meant to him ? 
 `` well , what did you expect ? 
 you were dressed like a hooker , you entered his apartment with a flimsy excuse and you jumped him within five seconds . 
 i think it was a pretty darn natural thing for him to assume given the circumstances . 
 i still think you should 've taken the money . 
 three hundred will pay the rent . '' 
 `` lucy ! 
 i will not take money for sex ! '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she held up the roll of film to the light . 
 `` but you 'll take money to create the illusion of it . '' 
 `` that 's different . '' 
 `` if believing that makes you happy , then go ahead and think it , abbey girl . 
 it sure does n't worry me what anyone thinks about this whole thing . 
 as soon as i get these processed , i 'll send them up to your lover 's wife and cash in . 
 that 's all i care about . '' 
 `` you 're cheaper than me , '' abbey said with a grin . 
 lucy 's irreverent attitude was somehow reassuring . 
 her friend was right , and abbey knew it , deep down . 
 she just had to admit to herself that it actually was about money-just not damien vane 's . 
 and not in exchange for sex . 
 `` and he 's not my lover , '' she added . 
 `` well , technically he was , but not any more . 
 i 'm not going anywhere near le meridian , or even collins street for that matter , until he 's left . 
 i may be poor but i 've got my pride . '' 
 `` good for you . '' 
 lucy slipped abbey a sly smile . 
 `` you know , if you 'd taken that money , we could be sipping cocktails about now . '' 
 abbey playfully threw a pencil at her friend . 
 it missed her by a mile . 
 `` stop reminding me about the money . 
 after the crap i heard come out of that arrogant jerk 's mouth , i probably should 've taken it . 
 the guy 's attitude is stuck in the nineteen eighties . 
 i do n't think the word ` sensitive ' is even in his vocabulary . '' 
 `` pity i was n't there , '' lucy said having another look over the negatives . 
 `` i would 've given him a talking to about how to treat a lady . '' 
 `` and he 'd turn around and tell you i was n't a lady . '' 
 abbey sighed . 
 she definitely had n't behaved like a lady last night . 
 she 'd never slapped anyone across the face before , although she 'd been tempted to in tarken 's office on monday morning . 
 damien vane had had it coming though . 
 despite what lucy said , being called a hooker was an insult , no matter how honest the mistake . 
 besides , if she were a hooker , what did that make him ? 
 pathetic , that 's what . 
 she was going to forget damien vane . 
 `` vane by name , vain by nature , '' abbey mumbled . 
 `` now , now , leave the poor guy alone . 
 i think you just confused the hell out of him . 
 he obviously needed to get laid and you just happened to be conveniently on his doorstep at the time . '' 
 `` lucky me . '' 
 `` hey , now i like this one . '' 
 she pointed to one of the negatives . 
 `` it 's quite artistic , if i do say so myself . 
 i think we 'll send mrs. vane this one . 
 it does n't show your face , so your anonymity will be preserved , but it has a great shot of him at the moment of truth . 
 here , have a look . '' 
 lucy could n't afford to buy expensive digital cameras-not the kind that could do everything she needed-and she said she liked working with the older models anyway . 
 she shoved the roll under her friend 's nose . 
 abbey turned away and held up her hands in protest . 
 `` no , i do n't want to see them . 
 i do n't want to be reminded of my stupidity , okay ? 
 and i wish you would n't study those so closely . 
 it 's bad enough knowing you saw everything when it actually happened . '' 
 lucy grinned . 
 `` do n't worry , abbey girl . 
 i only saw up to the moment when you got dressed . 
 i did n't see the slap . '' 
 abbey frowned . 
 `` you know what i mean . 
 did you really have to watch the whole thing ? '' 
 lucy stood . 
 `` hell yes ! 
 it was fantastic ! 
 my own private p ** n o movie . 
 and this camera 's a beauty . 
 i zoomed in real close - '' `` lucy ! '' 
 lucy laughed and abbey could n't help joining in . 
 her friend may be crude and probably did watch the whole thing , but she was discrete , and would never let anyone know what had happened . 
 it was between the two of them . 
 strangely , abbey felt just a little closer to lucy because of it . 
 last night , when she 'd got back to the office block across the road from le meridian , abbey had sprung lucy in the middle of the floor of the darkened foyer , on top of the naked building supervisor . 
 she coughed , once , but they either ignored her or were too involved in each other to notice . 
 when the panting and gasping got too much for her , she 'd waited outside until lucy joined her . 
 since then , abbey had been thinking about damien-and sex with damien-non-stop . 
 she alternated between hot flushes and cold anger . 
 it was n't fair that a man had that much power over her that he could change her body temperature just by thinking about him . 
 the phone rang on the desk and abbey jumped . 
 lucy picked it up . 
 `` richmond p.i. . 
 how can i help you ? '' 
 she paused , pulled a face , and handed the receiver to abbey . 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 `` tarken . 
 tell him where to go so we can go out for a drink . '' 
 abbey sighed and put the phone to her ear . 
 `` what do you want , tarken ? '' 
 `` first of all , you can tell that slutty friend of yours that i 'm not going anywhere until we 've sorted everything out , abbey . '' 
 tarken 's voice softened . 
 `` i mean that . 
 i want you back . 
 i need you . '' 
 abbey leaned back in the chair and sighed . 
 `` office in chaos , is it ? '' 
 tarken laughed lightly . 
 abbey knew him well enough to know it was fake . 
 `` now , why do you think that ? 
 no , i just want you , you fool . 
 i love you . 
 i made a mistake with melinda , a huge mistake . '' 
 `` too late , tarken . 
 a lot 's changed in two days , and i would n't take you back if you paid me . 
 and i 'm so poor , that 's not a statement you should take lightly . 
 got it ? 
 now , unless there 's something else , i 'm going . 
 i 've got some serious drinking to do with lucy . '' 
 `` wait ! 
 abbey , do n't go . '' 
 `` tarken , i 'm busy . 
 i 'm helping lucy with a big case she 's working on . '' 
 tarken paused on the other end of the line and she could almost hear his brain contemplating that piece of information . 
 he 'd be thinking that she was n't so dependent on him after all , that her life was already moving ahead . 
 abbey smiled at the huge dent that realization would make in his ego . 
 `` who was that guy you were with last night ? '' 
 he asked . 
 abbey felt her heart thump as she thought about how damien had defended her honor despite his inappropriate dress . 
 another thing that did n't fit the profile locked away in lucy 's filing cabinet . 
 the damien vane she 'd read about was a duplicitous two-timer , not a defender of women . 
 `` none of your business , '' she snapped into the phone . 
 `` he reminds me of somebody ... '' `` well , that 's nice to know . 
 good bye . '' 
 `` wait ! 
 one more thing . '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` that report by driscoll-what would it be filed under ? '' 
 abbey slammed down the phone . 
 `` how did you ever let me go out with that creep ? '' 
 she asked lucy . 
 lucy held up her hands . 
 `` i did n't , remember ? 
 you insisted . 
 you know , you should listen to me more . '' 
 `` i should listen to you less . 
 that way i would n't be in this mess with damien vane . '' 
 `` what mess ? 
 i do n't see a mess . '' 
 lucy came round the desk and placed an affectionate arm around her friend 's shoulders and squeezed . 
 `` all i see is a woman and man having great sex together . 
 leave it at that , abbey . 
 forget about him now . 
 we got what we wanted . '' 
 abbey nodded . 
 `` yeah , i 'm over-reacting , i know . '' 
 `` you always were the sentimental one . '' 
 `` i 'm surprised you even know that word exists . '' 
 lucy grinned . 
 `` do n't ask me to spell it . '' 
 they laughed and gave each other a hug . 
 `` come on , '' said lucy , `` lets go out for a drink . '' 
 `` how are we going to pay ? '' 
 `` i 've got a little left over from the last job . '' 
 `` but you might need it , '' abbey protested . 
 lucy shrugged . 
 `` we 'll get the money from the vane job soon , so do n't sweat it . 
 there 's enough to last . 
 it 's only money . '' 
 abbey stood and placed her hands on her hips . 
 `` tomorrow i 'm going to hit the interview path hard . 
 and when i get a job i 'm going to buy you drinks every night for a week . '' 
 lucy grinned . 
 `` sounds good to me . '' 
 she closed the office door and they walked down the corridor arm in arm . 
 lucy 's office was located in a rundown part of richmond , in an old warehouse converted into tiny offices in desperate need of repair . 
 besides lucy 's p.i. office , there was a clinic specializing in male sexual problems , a debt collection agency , and a lawyer who 'd just gotten out of prison after spending two years inside for fraud . 
 not exactly the company abbey liked her friend to mix with on a daily basis , but so far lucy had had no trouble from her neighbors . 
 and if she did , abbey hated to think what would happen . 
 lucy had a black belt in tai kwon do and judo . 
 she 'd seen her flip a man twice her size . 
 few people stood a chance when lucy set her mind to something . 
 they hopped down the stairs , careful not to step on the broken one or touch the splintering balustrade , and opened the door . 
 outside , the heat hit them like a blast from a furnace . 
 `` we 'll take my car , '' said lucy . 
 `` days like this call for little sexy sports cars . '' 
 abbey agreed . 
 lucy 's car was a red convertible , just the sort of thing to be seen in on a hot day . 
 at the beach . 
 `` let 's go to st. kilda , '' abbey suggested . 
 `` great idea . 
 we 'll go for a swim then head to the stoke house for a drink . '' 
 they got in the car and zoomed off . 
 she was n't dressed for swimming , but for once abbey did n't care . 
 her short summer dress with the buttons up the front would dry quickly enough in this heat . 
 she 'd spent the last two nights doing things she would n't normally do , so why worry about a little thing like not wearing a swimming costume ? 
 lucy was dressed for anything , as usual . 
 in her sexy , tight black shorts and white shoestring strapped top she would blend in with the cool rollerbladers , body builders and poseurs on st. kilda 's foreshore . 
 they both wore mandatory dark sunglasses and lucy always kept a bottle of sunscreen in the glove box , so there was nothing they lacked for an afternoon at the beach . 
 swimming and sun baking was just what abbey needed to forget about damien vane . 
 *** the i.t. director of the hospital droned on and on . 
 nick nodded at pertinent moments , like when he said he 'd never seen a software package that could do everything he wanted , but he never really heard more than a few choice words . 
 fortunately , the director did n't seem to realize that nick was n't listening , nor did any of the others who visited software solutions stand at the seminar that day . 
 and fortunately , nick had done enough demos already for them to become mechanical . 
 just as well , because his brain was not functioning normally . 
 maybe it was the lack of sleep and the heat . 
 who was he kidding ? 
 he could n't sleep because he could n't stop thinking about abbey . 
 just like he could n't stop thinking about her now as the overweight , balding man droned on about his computer system needs . 
 images of her luscious body filled his thoughts-her round br ** sts , pert bottom and the way she sighed when he touched her . 
 and the way she 'd slapped him . 
 nick could still feel the sting of her hand on his cheek . 
 or maybe that was the sting to his ego . 
 he 'd never been slapped before , and he was damned sure he would never let his guard down enough that it would happen again . 
 it crossed his mind that he might have deserved it , but he shoved those thoughts away just as he tried to shove away thoughts of abbey 's naked body . 
 he was unsuccessful on both counts . 
 so if she was n't a hooker , what was she ? 
 and why did she have sex with him ? 
 maybe her story was true . 
 maybe she really was a masseur , employed by the hotel to give free massages to selected guests . 
 maybe the moment had just overcome her , as it had done him , and she 'd been unable to resist the passion that had arisen between them . 
 maybe she 'd enjoyed it so much on the first night she 'd decided to come back for more . 
 but it still did n't add up . 
 and it begged the question-how many other men had she been giving free `` massages '' to when the moment had just overcome her ? 
 nick did n't want to think about that . 
 he nodded as the bald director ran through the configuration of their network and other dry details that nick knew he should be listening to . 
 the thought of abbey coming back again , tonight , wanting him again , needing to make love to him like he needed to make love to her , was consuming him . 
 but it would n't happen . 
 he 'd insulted her . 
 she hated him . 
 no , abbey was n't coming back . 
 he 'd never see her again , of that he was sure . 
 his gut tightened . 
 maybe he could just hang around in the foyer until she appeared for work . 
 nick shook his head . 
 this was ridiculous . 
 her story was most likely a lie . 
 and if she was n't prepared to tell him last night who or what she was , then he did n't want to see her again . 
 no one lies to nick delaware , and no one makes a fool of him . 
 abbey had done both . 
 nick sighed and wondered if it would be unprofessional to wind up this discussion . 
 it was his last demo for the day and suddenly he had an urge to go to the beach . 
 maybe it was his subconscious thinking about abbey again since she 'd mentioned beaches at the restaurant . 
 the thought of sun and sand was relaxing . 
 he could spend the afternoon at a local beach , then return to the hotel to do some work . 
 he had two major pharmaceutical companies to demo to tomorrow and he wanted their business . 
 he needed to be prepared , and fresh . 
 he needed to concentrate on the task , not on a naked abbey . 
 an hour later , he was diving into the cool shallows of port phillip bay . 
 the rush of water over his skin was refreshing , soothing his frustrated temper . 
 he stayed under until his lungs felt like they 'd burst . 
 then he swam out , further out than anyone else , stroke over easy stroke , becoming one with the sea . 
 he floated on his back for a while , staring up at the impossibly blue sky , just like he used to do when he surfed at bondi beach in his younger , wilder days . 
 he felt a twinge of regret that he had n't really noticed how blue the summer sky was in nearly ten years . 
 sentimental fool . 
 he turned and swam back in . 
 when he reached the beach he stood and walked up to the patch of sand where he 'd left his towel . 
 two women now sat next to his things , invading his personal space . 
 great , now he would have to move , or tell them to . 
 as he drew closer , his heart took a dive as he recognized one of them-abbey . 
 of all the beaches in melbourne , she 'd had to come to this one . 
 for a long moment , nick stood frozen to the spot , watching her . 
 she had n't seen him yet . 
 she sat with her friend , a pretty girl with blonde hair cropped short and a body as good as abbey 's . 
 abbey was dressed in a pale blue dress that rose up high as she sat , revealing the luscious flesh of her thighs . 
 the thin straps fell off her shoulders and she occasionally pushed them back up as she chatted . 
 the dress hugged her figure tightly , especially around her br ** sts , revealing their perfect outline . 
 nick swallowed . 
 he had no choice . 
 if he wanted to retrieve his things , he needed to go up there where she 'd notice him . 
 then he 'd have to talk to her . 
 `` hello , '' he said , as he drew nearer . 
 abbey looked up and her shock was evident despite the large , dark sunglasses that hid her eyes . 
 `` damien ! 
 what are you doing here ? '' 
 nick flinched at the name . 
 he probably should tell her his real name , but it was getting a bit late for the truth . 
 what would she say if she learned he 'd lied ? 
 what would she do if she realized she 'd slept with the wrong man ? 
 now that thought was sickening . 
 he shoved it out of his mind . 
 besides , if she was n't going to play straight with him , then he was going to keep this his little secret . 
 at least for now . 
 for all he knew , she could be a psychopath . 
 this way , vane would get the harassing phone calls in the middle of the night , not him . 
 `` taking the afternoon off . 
 looks like you decided to do the same . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 abbey stared at him blankly then blushed and glanced away . 
 `` oh , i do n't start at the hotel until later . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 so she was going to keep up the charade . 
 fine , so would he , damien vane . 
 nick glanced at abbey 's friend . 
 she was grinning crookedly and her eyes were unashamedly traveling the length of his body . 
 scrutinizing . 
 she nodded appreciatively . 
 `` very nice , '' she said quietly . 
 he raised one eyebrow and crossed his arms over his chest . 
 `` look , '' he said to her , `` i 'd like to talk to abbey alone , so if you would n't mind ... '' `` i mind ! '' 
 said abbey , standing . 
 her friend also stood . 
 she was small , pixie-like . 
 her grin had widened . 
 obviously she thought this was funny . 
 whereas abbey seemed annoyed at him for dismissing her friend , the girl in question did n't seem to care one way or the other . 
 but she did n't leave either . 
 `` abbey , '' he said , `` i want to talk to you privately . '' 
 `` lucy can hear whatever you want to say . 
 we have no secrets from each other . '' 
 `` not any more , '' said lucy . 
 nick scowled . 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 abbey blushed and lucy 's gaze moved to his crotch . 
 `` just that abbey tells me everything , '' she paused , `` big boy . '' 
 abbey 's blush intensified . 
 `` lucy ! '' 
 abbey turned toward him and shrugged apologetically . 
 nick glared at her . 
 he did n't like being spoken to as if he were an object of amusement . 
 and he did n't like his polite request being ignored . 
 he 'd asked for privacy and it appeared neither was about to let him have it . 
 it was infuriating . 
 no one in sydney ever treated him like this . 
 that 's because they knew who he was and that he could buy most of them out of a job at the stroke of a pen . 
 here , in melbourne , he was largely unknown . 
 especially in the circles that these two appeared to mix in . 
 abbey glared back at him , crossing her arms . 
 the movement pushed up her br ** sts so that the flesh protruded over the top of her dress . 
 nick resisted the urge to touch them . 
 `` okay , '' he conceded , `` i 'll tell you what i want to tell you in front of her . '' 
 abbey 's brows rose above her glasses . 
 she waited . 
 `` i wanted to tell you i enjoyed last night . 
 very much . '' 
 abbey did n't move . 
 she 'd become very still . 
 nick glanced at her friend , suddenly feeling self conscious that she was there , listening to this very private conversation . 
 nick did n't like feeling self conscious . 
 `` abbey , please can we talk in private ? 
 what i want to say to you should n't be heard by anyone else . '' 
 `` do n't worry about me , mr. vane , '' chirped lucy . 
 `` like i said , abbey and i share everything . '' 
 `` lucy ! '' 
 abbey glared at her friend , caught nick 's hand and stormed off down the beach towards the water . 
 they splashed into the shallows but abbey did n't stop until she was further away from the crowd . 
 the water lapped about his waist . 
 there were still people about , but not so many that they felt claustrophobic . 
 `` say it , '' said abbey , rounding on him . 
 nick caught her other hand and looked down at her . 
 suddenly he did n't know what to say . 
 she certainly was n't making this easy for him . 
 the way her lips stretched into a taught white line and her jaw clenched , he could tell she was still angry with him from the night before . 
 `` abbey , '' he began , scanning her face . 
 he knew what he had to say so he should just say it . 
 `` abbey , i 'm sorry . '' 
 there , he 'd said it-the s word . 
 `` that it ? '' 
 nick shrugged . 
 `` good . '' 
 she snapped her hands out of his and began to wade back to the shore . 
 `` abbey , wait ! '' 
 he leapt after her , splashing violently until he reached her . 
 he grabbed her hand , receiving a few strange looks from passing swimmers for his efforts . 
 he ignored them . 
 `` what do you want , damien ? 
 i 've had enough of these games , and lucy 's waiting . '' 
 `` this is n't a game , abbey . '' 
 he sighed . 
 he 'd already apologized . 
 what more did she want ? 
 `` i really am sorry for what i called you . 
 it was rude and i was out of line . 
 it 's just that i did n't know ... i thought you were ... '' he sighed . 
 `` okay , i jumped to the wrong conclusion , despite all the evidence pointing to that conclusion . 
 but i have to admit , your weird explanation is n't helping me to figure you out . '' 
 abbey stiffened . 
 `` figure what out ? '' 
 she asked crisply . 
 from her body language it appeared his second attempt at an apology had n't worked either . 
 he could n't think why not-he may not be very experienced when it came to apologizing but he 'd said ` sorry ' . 
 what more did she expect ? 
 nick threw his hands in the air . 
 `` figure out who you are ! 
 what you want from me ! 
 why you came up to my room ! '' 
 `` and why i had sex with you ? '' 
 nick nodded . 
 good , she was beginning to understand his predicament . 
 abbey looked down at the water swirling around her rib cage . 
 she skimmed her hands along the surface , studying the rippling pattern as if it fascinated her . 
 `` abbey ? '' 
 she looked up . 
 her jaw was set firm . 
 `` i 'm a masseur . 
 i work for the hotel . 
 that 's who i am . '' 
 `` damn it , abbey , this is n't fair . 
 i 'm trying to get to know you - '' `` why ? '' 
 the question caught nick off guard . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` because i like you . '' 
 it was true , he realized . 
 there was something about her that he was attracted to . 
 it was n't just physical either . 
 abbey made a noise in the back of her throat that sounded like a growl . 
 `` it 's just sex , '' she said quietly . 
 she looked up at him . 
 he wished she 'd take off the sunglasses so he could see her eyes . 
 he would know her true feelings then . 
 he 'd know if she really meant that . 
 `` is that what you think ? '' 
 he asked quietly . 
 she shrugged casually . 
 a strap of her dress fell from her shoulder . 
 he hooked a finger under it and gently pushed it back up , skimming his fingers along her skin as he did so . 
 she was hot to touch . 
 hot and smooth and he wanted to feel more of her . 
 his hand moved from her shoulder to her throat , then down across one breast , caressing languidly . 
 he squeezed gently and received a gasp in response . 
 `` do n't , '' she whispered , glancing around . 
 `` why not ? 
 i want you , abbey . '' 
 she peered up at him , and he thought he could see her eyelids fluttering behind the dark glasses . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 he asked again . 
 `` because of last night . '' 
 `` i said i was sorry . 
 what more do you want ? '' 
 `` do you still think i 'm a hooker ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 nick did n't really know whether that was a lie or not . 
 he still was n't one hundred percent sure . 
 she nodded , apparently satisfied that he spoke the truth . 
 he bent his head and kissed her lightly on the lips . 
 her mouth was moist and tasted of salt . 
 he licked and she leaned into him . 
 he was glad the water came to his waist because he was already stiffening . 
 but abbey pulled away . 
 `` this is getting out of control . '' 
 nick knitted his brows . 
 `` it is ? 
 i thought we were just two consenting adults , enjoying each other 's company . 
 no strings attached , like you said . 
 am i wrong ? '' 
 his heart thudded in his rib cage . 
 he wanted to be wrong . 
 he wanted her to tell him he could n't be more wrong . 
 `` no . '' 
 her voice was firm , direct . 
 `` you 're not wrong . 
 two consenting adults , '' she agreed . 
 he nodded , smiled tentatively . 
 so it was just sex to abbey . 
 he was a fool to think the last two nights had meant anything more to her . 
 he was a fool to let himself think it meant more to him . 
 because it did n't . 
 she was right , this was just sex . 
 so why did his chest hurt so much ? 
 why did he have an overwhelming urge to make her realize it was something more ? 
 nick leaned forward to kiss her again . 
 the moment their lips touched , an electric shock shot through his system . 
 he wanted her . 
 he wanted to feel her wrapped around him . 
 `` not here , '' she whispered . 
 `` okay . '' 
 nick 's voice was hoarse , even to his own ears . 
 he took her hand and waded through the water , further away from the beach , abbey trailing behind him . 
 she did n't resist . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 he turned to look at her over his shoulder and smiled reassuringly . 
 `` far enough out for privacy . 
 total privacy . '' 
 her big blue eyes stared at him . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` you know why , '' he murmured . 
 `` tell me , '' she said thickly . 
 `` because i 'm going to make love to you in the water , in front of a beach full of people . '' 
 chapter 6 abbey 's pulse quickened . 
 he would n't . 
 would he ? 
 the further away from the beach they got and the higher the water rose , the more she thought he actually meant what he said . 
 by the time the water covered her br ** sts , they were almost alone , although it still was n't overly private . 
 damien kept wading , holding her hand beneath the water . 
 `` you 're not kidding , are you ? '' 
 he turned , stopped , and picked her up . 
 he glanced around . 
 `` just a little further . 
 but it 'll probably be over your head . '' 
 he glanced down at her and grinned . 
 `` hold on . '' 
 abbey had no intention of letting go . 
 not with the muscles in his arms and chest flexing against her br ** sts . 
 his body was fabulous beneath her - glistening droplets of water beaded across broad shoulders , the hairs on his chest barely hiding the erect ni ** les , the hard muscles . 
 she skimmed her fingers across one shoulder , brushing off the drops , touching his warm skin . 
 he felt good . 
 no , he felt fantastic . 
 her dress floated around her body , revealing everything from her waist down . 
 she did n't care . 
 damien was holding her , one hand around her waist , the other below her bottom . 
 he squeezed , caressed her flesh . 
 her skin puckered into tiny goose bumps . 
 she could hear his breathing quickening and wondered whether hers was too . 
 she kissed him lightly on the neck , tasting the salt of the sea on his skin . 
 she nibbled his ear and heard him suck in a deep breath . 
 her fingers massaged his shoulders , around to the back of his neck , into his hair where she grabbed a fist full and pulled his head back . 
 she kissed him on the lips . 
 he kissed her fiercely back . 
 then he stopped . 
 the water lapped at his shoulders . 
 `` this will have to do , '' he whispered . 
 `` i ca n't wait any longer . '' 
 `` neither can i. '' he shifted his arms and drew her around to face him . 
 he held her tightly and she locked her legs around his waist . 
 the only part of them above water was their necks and heads . 
 there was no one within earshot although they would be clearly visible from the beach . 
 abbey could feel damien 's hardness inside his shorts , prodding her . 
 he was throbbing as he rubbed himself along her thigh , setting a rhythm . 
 he kissed her fiercely , deeply . 
 she loved the way he tasted . 
 she loved the feel of his tongue-silken , exploring her , devouring her . 
 no man had ever kissed her with such hunger before . 
 he kissed her lips , her chin , descended to taste her throat . 
 she bent her head back , dipping her hair into the water , and moaned at the way his lips felt against the sensitive flesh . 
 `` abbey , '' he whispered . 
 `` i want you , abbey . 
 so much . '' 
 as one hand held her , the other came round to fondle her br ** sts beneath the water . 
 with his touch and the cool water , it did n't take long before they elongated into points , despite the barrier of her dress . 
 she arched her body into him , thrusting her ni ** les into his chest . 
 she wanted his hand to go on , and he drew in a breath through his teeth . 
 he nuzzled her throat , kissing and licking her , while his hand worked . 
 he unbuttoned the dress to her waist and it fell away . 
 his hand delved inside . 
 he cupped a breast beneath the water , squeezed , teased the nipple through her bra . 
 then , as if he could n't stand the fabric barrier any longer , his hand shoved aside the bra and flesh met flesh . 
 the sensations came thick and fast . 
 the heat coursed from her ni ** les to her thighs , made her hot little nub ache for him . 
 abbey felt like she was burning up , from the inside out , and suddenly she could n't control herself any longer . 
 she moaned as he rubbed her br ** sts , played with the ni ** les , first one then the other . 
 `` yes , '' she whispered . 
 she wanted him . 
 she wanted to take him in front of everyone . 
 she fumbled with his shorts , drawing them down far enough so his erection bobbed free . 
 she clutched it and stroked along the thick shaft . 
 he gasped in her ear and his hand tightened around her breast . 
 `` now , '' he whispered hoarsely . 
 but abbey wanted the pleasure to last . 
 she wanted to tease him the way he was teasing her . 
 she laced her fingers around him , circling him , and gently pushed down the shaft to the base , then slowly back again . 
 she thought she heard him whimper . 
 when his hand slowed at her breast , then rested , cupping one , she knew she had him close to the edge . 
 his breathing became heavy , his heart thumped against hers , and his whispers more urgent . 
 `` abbey . 
 yes , yes ... oh , yes . '' 
 then , as if his self control had suddenly awoken , his hand moved from her breast , down to her panties . 
 a finger explored around the lacy edge . 
 he pushed aside the fabric and his fingers delved inside . 
 when he touched her swollen core , abbey gasped and her thighs convulsed , sending the water lapping around their shoulders . 
 she kissed him hard on the lips without letting go of his thick erection . 
 she continued her massaging , her cupping and rubbing , and his own stroking intensified , as if urged on by his growing desire . 
 when a long finger slipped inside her , abbey bit his lip , her body instinctively pushing into him so the finger could go deeper . 
 the hot pulses inside her quickened and expanded . 
 a muscle convulsed in anticipation . 
 the finger eased out , slowly , excruciatingly slowly . 
 `` no , do n't stop , '' she whispered against his lips . 
 her own stroking increased as if to encourage him , and she heard him catch his breath . 
 the palm cupping her dragged against her , rubbing the engorged nub and again abbey 's thighs convulsed . 
 then , without warning , not one but two fingers shot into her . 
 the palm rubbed , teasingly touched the sensitive spot , as the fingers drew in and out , sending her into a frenzy . 
 damien grunted , sucked in two quick , ragged breaths and withdrew his hand , at the same time removing hers from his throbbing erection . 
 then with a hard , desperate thrust of his hips , he dove into her to the hilt and let out a long , low growl . 
 the water at their shoulders sloshed as they moved together , lips and bodies locked in a wet , hot kiss until convulsions gripped them both . 
 when abbey 's body finally stopped shuddering , she looked up from where she 'd let her head fall on damien 's shoulder and she smiled weakly . 
 he smiled back at her , and the arm around her back gripped tighter , drawing her closer . 
 he held her for a long moment until she finally pulled away . 
 a difficult endeavor with her legs still around his waist and him still inside her . 
 `` we should get back , '' she said . 
 `` before anyone notices . '' 
 he nodded , swallowed . 
 his expression was serious as he brushed the hair from her face , then lifted her sunglasses and placed them on her head . 
 `` uh , abbey , '' he muttered . 
 he touched her cheek with a finger and kissed the tip of her nose . 
 `` hmmm ? '' 
 `` about last night ... '' she sighed . 
 she did n't want to talk about last night anymore . 
 talking only seemed to raise their tempers and get them into trouble . 
 `` i know , '' she said , `` you 're sorry . 
 i forgive you . '' 
 his eyebrows rose . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` do n't sound so surprised . 
 yes , i do , but let 's drop the subject , okay ? '' 
 he seemed to consider that very seriously . 
 `` abbey , i want to see you again . 
 tonight , tomorrow , friday - '' she placed a finger to his lips . 
 `` do n't say anymore . 
 do n't make promises you ca n't keep . '' 
 he stared at her , then shook his head . 
 `` i never do that . '' 
 she nodded . 
 he was going to say more . 
 he was going to ask her to go to sydney , fly up and meet him there . 
 she could n't do that . 
 whatever happened here , stayed here in melbourne and must n't continue . 
 he was married . 
 he had mistresses . 
 she 'd already added to that tally , but that was all she was going to do . 
 she was n't going to be made a fool of when he dumped her . 
 which she knew he 'd do when he got tired of her - his profile suggested he would . 
 she refused to be dealt with that way . 
 she 'd learned her lesson with tarken . 
 besides , she was n't going to be someone 's mistress , not on any long term basis , anyway . 
 she could n't do it . 
 it was way too gut wrenching knowing that someone else was sharing your man . 
 this man . 
 no . 
 it would hurt for a while when he left to return to sydney , but it had to end . 
 it was for the best . 
 because , abbey realized , she wanted it all . 
 marriage , babies , one man , one woman . 
 love . 
 and , it seemed this man was n't able to give any of those things to her . 
 not exclusively . 
 it was just sex to him . 
 he 'd already said so . 
 he 'd made it clear that this was nothing more to him that a nice way to spend a few days in a new city . 
 hell , the guy probably still thought she was a hooker , despite his apology . 
 that would n't surprise her either . 
 damien vane would n't have any qualms about continuing a sexual relationship with a professional . 
 it fitted his profile exactly . 
 but despite the enjoyment she got out of sleeping with him , there was no way she was going to continue the liaison beyond this week . 
 perhaps she 'd stop it after today , now . 
 it was beginning to sap her energy . 
 not the sex-the emotion . 
 abbey closed her eyes to try to block out the pain . 
 why did it feel this way ? 
 it was n't supposed to . 
 not after two nights , not with a man who had a different woman for every week in the year . 
 not with a man who had a wife . 
 she unlocked her legs from his waist and swam to shallower waters where she could stand . 
 she heard him splashing after her . 
 when he caught up , he stood in front of her , blocking her path . 
 he stared down at her intensely , his eyes suddenly darker , ominous . 
 she pulled her sunglasses back down so he could n't see hers . 
 she did n't want him to identify the sadness there . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he asked quietly . 
 she shrugged . 
 `` sure . '' 
 he took a deep breath . 
 `` so will i see you again ? '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 he nodded solemnly . 
 `` i see . '' 
 she did n't know what he saw . 
 a hooker ? 
 a woman who slept with a man while her friend took photos ? 
 a woman in deeper than she wanted to be ? 
 if he still believed she was a hooker , maybe abbey should play up that angle . 
 at least when he thought she was a hooker he was cold towards her , and that made it easier for her to hate him . 
 right now she preferred to hate him than accept the other emotion that was developing . 
 on the other hand , maybe he realized he could n't have her because he already had too many women in his life . 
 maybe he was one of those men who actually fell in love with all his mistresses to some degree . 
 she 'd read about them . 
 they fall in love with women , all women , and end up sleeping around , thinking they 're in love with each of them . 
 until the next woman comes along and they fall in love all over again . 
 in reality they 're just men unable to maintain a commitment to one single woman . 
 that sounded like damien vane , the man in the profile in lucy 's filing cabinet . 
 it did n't sound like the man she 'd just made love to . 
 but what did she know ? 
 she 'd met him only two days ago , on the day she learned that her long-term boyfriend had cheated on her . 
 when it came to instincts , abbey 's had led her a merry dance . 
 she could n't trust them . 
 `` i see , '' he said again , moving aside to let her pass . 
 she swam until her feet touched the sandy bottom and hooked up her bra and buttoned her dress . 
 then she waded to where lucy waited . 
 she was n't alone . 
 a large , muscular gorilla-like man slickly oiled from head to toe , lay beside her . 
 `` you two back already ? '' 
 lucy asked , one hand on the gorilla 's forearm . 
 `` i was hoping you 'd take longer . '' 
 `` i want to go , '' said abbey quickly . 
 `` well , i was thinking of hanging around a bit . '' 
 `` yeah , '' said the gorilla . 
 `` why do n't you two go get yourselves a drink and i 'll meet you somewhere later , '' lucy suggested . 
 `` yeah , '' said the gorilla . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 said damien . 
 `` i saw a nice bar - '' `` no ! '' 
 abbey stormed off . 
 had n't he worked it out yet ? 
 did she have to spell it out to him ? 
 this could n't go any further . 
 it was wrong . 
 a small arm snaked around her . 
 lucy was by her side , squeezing her waist . 
 `` sorry , abbey girl , i got a bit carried away . 
 wherever you want to go , we 'll go there . '' 
 abbey suddenly felt very tired . 
 `` i want to go home . '' 
 `` sure thing . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i thought you and vane were getting on fine . 
 it looked like it from where i was sitting . 
 i started getting antsy while i watched so when that guy came over i thought i 'd fill in some time talking to him . 
 well , '' she giggled , `` not really talking . 
 the guy ca n't string two words together . '' 
 abbey giggled despite herself . 
 she turned , looked over her shoulder , telling herself she was having another look at lucy 's gorilla . 
 but her eyes were drawn only to damien , who stood semi-naked , dripping wet , and staring after her . 
 *** nick half expected - hoped - abbey would be at the hotel when the taxi dropped him off . 
 but she was n't . 
 she was n't in the foyer and she was n't in his suite . 
 it was frustrating . 
 she was frustrating . 
 he did n't understand her . 
 one minute she wanted him , the next she was shrugging him off . 
 he turned on the shower and stood under the running water . 
 it was cleansing , washing away the salt , the sand , abbey . 
 but it did n't wash away the image of her face , her cheeky grin and her pouting , kissable lips . 
 what had happened in the water today ? 
 she 'd been so keen , then so cold . 
 he could almost see her mind ticking over , weighing something up , digesting . 
 did she not believe him when he said he was sorry ? 
 did she think that he still thought she was a hooker ? 
 nick placed his hands against the cool blue tiles and bent his head forward . 
 the water rushed down his neck , his spine , soothing , much like abbey 's fingers had done on the first night she 'd entered his room . 
 or was she just concerned that this was going too far ? 
 that a one night-stand should be just that-one night . 
 in truth , it was beginning to worry him now too . 
 ceo 's do n't fall for loose women in strange cities . 
 they date nice , respectable women with moneyed backgrounds and amenable personalities . 
 not wild-haired , impudent women who wear skimpy outfits , and claim to be masseurs . 
 but if abbey was concerned that this was going too far and too fast , why had she agreed to make love to him in the water today ? 
 why had he for that matter ? 
 the answer to that was too easy but opened up a whole new can of worms-because he wanted to . 
 nick sighed deeply and turned off the taps . 
 he dried himself , dressed in a light , casual shirt and trousers and opened the door . 
 he stepped into the corridor , pressed the elevator button and waited . 
 in the foyer , he strode to the reception desk and waited impatiently for the dark-haired woman on duty to finish checking in another guest . 
 `` may i help you , mr. vane ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes . '' 
 nick paused . 
 this could quite possibly be the most humiliating experience of his life . 
 but it would help him discover the truth about abbey . 
 right now , that was more important than his dignity . 
 he swallowed . 
 he never thought anything could be that important . 
 but it was . 
 `` yes , '' he said again , straightening . 
 `` there 's a girl who , um , may or may not work here . '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 prompted the woman , belinda-according to her name tag . 
 she wore a polite but bland expression on her face , just like every other hotel receptionist around the world . 
 `` her name 's abbey . 
 i do n't know her last name . '' 
 `` i do n't know any abbeys . 
 is she in housekeeping ? '' 
 `` um , no . 
 at least i do n't think so . '' 
 `` right . 
 reception ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 belinda raised her eyebrows as if to say , `` well ? '' 
 `` she 's a masseur . '' 
 `` a masseur ? '' 
 the eyebrows nearly flew off her face . 
 `` she gives massages to your guests . '' 
 nick could feel his face heating up . 
 control , delaware , get a grip . 
 `` i do n't think we offer that kind of service to our guests , '' said belinda , a hint of amusement in her otherwise polite voice . 
 `` is your manager here ? '' 
 `` no . 
 but i 'm sure we can clear this up without involving him . 
 what sort of massages does she give ? '' 
 belinda was clearly amused now and nick 's temper was heating up . 
 so was his face . 
 `` the usual kind . 
 not ... the other sort . '' 
 well , only with him . 
 he hoped . 
 `` other sort ? '' 
 `` yes , you know . '' 
 nick waved his hand in the air . 
 `` the other sort . 
 the sort you do n't tell your wife about . '' 
 belinda 's mouth twitched . 
 `` of course . 
 let me get this straight . 
 you 're after an employee named abbey who gives massages , but not the kind of massage you ca n't tell your wife about . 
 is that it ? '' 
 `` more or less . '' 
 `` mr. vane , i think i can say on behalf of le meridian that we do n't offer massages of any kind . 
 however , if a woman is posing as hotel staff and charging for massages , of a kind you can tell your wife about - '' `` she does n't charge . '' 
 belinda 's brown eyes widened . 
 `` free massages ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 compliments of hotel management . '' 
 `` i think there 's been a mistake , mr. vane . '' 
 `` so do i. i 'm sorry i took up your time . '' 
 nick strode away , blood rushing in his ears . 
 he 'd never felt like a bigger fool . 
 `` ah , mr. vane . '' 
 he turned round and belinda waved him back to the desk . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she leaned forward on the desk , her chin in her hand . 
 the politely bland expression replaced by a flirtatious one . 
 `` if you need a massage , i 'm sure we can arrange one . 
 of either kind . '' 
 she smiled wickedly then winked . 
 nick cleared his throat . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 he turned and walked quickly to the elevator . 
 back in his room , he closed the door and leaned against it . 
 at least he knew for sure that abbey was lying . 
 now he just had to figure out why . 
 *** abbey sipped her gin and tonic and settled back into the chair on the balcony of her armadale apartment . 
 the view was n't spectacular-just the leaves of the trees from the house next door-but she did n't care . 
 her mind was still on that afternoon at the beach . 
 and the man she 'd slept with yet again . 
 she 'd been a fool she told herself . 
 a damn fool for letting it get this far . 
 it was supposed to be just sex . 
 nothing more than a roll in the hay with a stranger . 
 but abbey 's heart was telling her otherwise . 
 `` forget about him , abbey girl , '' said lucy , holding the neck of a beer bottle . 
 she threw her head back and swallowed a mouthful . 
 `` he 's an s.o.b. . 
 he ca n't keep it in his pants , and you just happen to be the lucky girl in melbourne . 
 or the unlucky one . '' 
 abbey sighed . 
 `` i know that . '' 
 she did . 
 she really did know it . 
 dusk had settled serenely across melbourne and its suburbs . 
 the quiet hum of traffic in the background provided a distant reminder of where they were , but the surrounding trees and orange-tinged sky made it feel like the middle of nowhere . 
 abbey loved her apartment . 
 located in one of melbourne 's better suburbs , rent was expensive and the space miniscule , but it was close to everything and the surrounding million-dollar mansions made her feel wealthy . 
 she was far from it . 
 they could n't even afford a pizza between the two of them , so abbey had to cook . 
 something she hated doing . 
 something lucy refused to do , so she 'd watched , sitting on a stool at the kitchen bench , sipping her beer as abbey threw the entire contents of her fridge into a wok . 
 the stir fry was n't bad but it was rather bland . 
 now , as she sat on the balcony , she wondered what damien was eating . 
 had he gone back to the restaurant where she 'd performed her fancy footwork on him ? 
 she laughed quietly at the memory . 
 `` what 's so funny ? '' 
 abbey shrugged . 
 `` just thinking about last night at the restaurant . '' 
 lucy snickered . 
 abbey had told her about that too . 
 `` bet he 'll never be able to dine out again without thinking of you . '' 
 abbey grinned . 
 `` that could get embarrassing . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 abbey sighed again . 
 `` forget about him , '' lucy said . 
 `` the guy 's a creep . 
 you deserve someone better . '' 
 `` do i ? '' 
 lucy moved her chair closer to abbey 's and put an arm around her . 
 `` of course you do . 
 and you 'll find him one day . 
 a guy who 's programmed not to cheat on his wife . 
 a guy who 's not an arrogant pig . '' 
 `` do they exist ? '' 
 lucy smiled . 
 `` i 'm hardly the girl to answer that now , am i. '' abbey laughed then sobered . 
 `` i 've been really stupid , this time , have n't i ? '' 
 `` this time ? 
 nah . 
 you 've done some far more stupid things . '' 
 `` like putting up with tarken for two years ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 wonder what he 's doing now that he 's lost the only person who knows how to run that office ? '' 
 abbey grinned . 
 `` hopefully getting fired . '' 
 `` hopefully getting dumped by melinda . '' 
 abbey shook her head . 
 `` she would n't . 
 she 's too nice . 
 poor girl . 
 she does n't know what he 's like . '' 
 `` neither did you , remember ? '' 
 abbey shrugged . 
 `` you 're right , and i should listen to you more , oh wise woman . '' 
 lucy squared her small shoulders and puffed out her chest . 
 `` that 's right . 
 you should . 
 and this wise woman is telling you to forget about damien vane , and get back into your life . 
 go get yourself a job . '' 
 abbey saluted . 
 `` yes , ma'am . '' 
 `` i mean it , abbey girl , '' said lucy slumping back into her chair . 
 `` damien 's a jerk . 
 guys who cheat on their wives always are . 
 you need to treat them the way they treat women-like they 're not important . 
 it 's the only way they learn . '' 
 abbey dragged a hand over her face and through her hair . 
 salt water and a stiff breeze had turned it into a mass of uncontrolled curls . 
 `` i should n't have had sex with him in the water today , '' she said . 
 `` i was n't going to , but the heat of the moment just took over . '' 
 lucy giggled . 
 `` no you should n't have , but you 're one up on me . 
 i 've never done it in front of a beach full of people . '' 
 abbey felt her face color . 
 `` did anyone notice ? '' 
 lucy shook her head . 
 `` just me . 
 and boy , was i getting turned on watching you two . 
 i was ready to drag that guy off when you returned . '' 
 abbey 's face burned . 
 `` you 're impossible , '' she said . 
 `` and you can do better than that gorilla . 
 the guy had muscles where there should n't be any . '' 
 lucy giggled then sobered . 
 `` seriously abbey , maybe you should n't have had sex with vane today , but what 's done is done . 
 now just forget about him . '' 
 she squeezed her friend 's arm . 
 `` once you get a job you 'll feel more like yourself and you 'll realize what an idiot you 've been . '' 
 `` gee , thanks . '' 
 `` any time . '' 
 abbey knew she meant well . 
 it 's just that she did n't think getting back into the routine of life was going to make her forget about damien so easily . 
 not if the cold stab in the vicinity of her heart was anything to go by . 
 the phone in lucy 's bag rang and she ran inside to get it . 
 a few moments later she was out on the balcony again . 
 `` that was the gorilla from the beach . '' 
 `` you gave him your number ? '' 
 `` sure , why not . 
 he wants to see me tonight . '' 
 `` are you going ? '' 
 lucy shrugged . 
 `` go on , off you go . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 lucy sat down again . 
 `` i 'm not leaving you . 
 you need a friend right now . 
 besides , i do n't know if i liked him all that much , now that i think about it . '' 
 `` since when did you have to like them ? '' 
 lucy grinned . 
 `` maybe you 're beginning to rub off on me . '' 
 `` i wish you 'd rub off on me . 
 i wish i could just have meaningless sex and not get emotionally involved . 
 a few days ago i thought i could but it seems i 'm just not wired that way . '' 
 `` that 's because you 're doing it wrong . 
 you need to pick a guy you have absolutely no interest in . 
 someone like the gorilla whose vocabulary consists of monosyllabic words only . 
 that way there 's no danger of getting emotionally involved because the only emotion he can express involves sex and beer . 
 possibly at the same time . '' 
 abbey giggled . 
 `` hey , i 've got an idea . 
 how about i hook you up with one of mine ? '' 
 `` that 's very generous of you , lucy , '' abbey said with a wry smile , `` but i do n't think so . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 lucy looked thoughtfully up at the rapidly darkening sky . 
 her face brightened and she turned back to her friend . 
 `` how about mick the plumber ? 
 his hands are rough , but he 's got a large dick . 
 and as an added bonus , he 'll unclog your sink . '' 
 abbey laughed . 
 `` no thanks . '' 
 `` okay , what about lance ? 
 sensitive new age guy . 
 he recites poetry when he 's climaxing . 
 actually , on second thoughts , he 's not a good idea . 
 the last thing you need right now is a sensitive man . '' 
 `` i do n't need any man , thank you . '' 
 `` do n't be silly . 
 listen to me-i know you better than you know yourself . 
 okay , there 's a guy i met about a month ago at the races . 
 he 's got a huge gambling problem so he ca n't buy you dinner , but he will give you a good tip . 
 or there 's vaughn . 
 well hung , knows all the best moves and is as supple as a gymnast . '' 
 lucy paused . 
 `` on second thoughts , i think i 'll keep that one for myself . '' 
 abbey giggled . 
 `` stop it , lucy , this is serious . '' 
 `` i know ! 
 why do n't you take the gorilla ? 
 you 're completely incompatible so he 'd be perfect . 
 no chance you 'd fall for a moron like him . '' 
 `` lucy ! '' 
 lucy held up her hands . 
 `` okay , okay . 
 i tried . '' 
 abbey nodded , still smiling . 
 `` thanks , but i think i 'll wallow in self pity for awhile . '' 
 lucy glared at her but said nothing . 
 abbey breathed a sigh of relief . 
 she meant well , but lucy did n't understand how she felt . 
 she did n't really understand it herself , but she knew it was more than just sex . 
 as unlikely as it seemed , she had feelings for damien vane . 
 and that scared her more than anything . 
 chapter 7 tarken hated these things . 
 not only were they dull , but software demonstrations were something only computer geeks could get a kick out of . 
 he was an administrator , a manager , not an i.t. specialist . 
 that 's why he 'd brought donaldson along-to talk geek-talk . 
 tarken was at the crown complex software seminar to talk numbers . 
 donaldson did n't have a clue about money , but he knew everything about software . 
 tarken knew everything about money and nothing about computers , except how to read and send email . 
 together they made a formidable team . 
 which was good , because the sooner they cut through the sales crap , the sooner they could leave . 
 there were only three software packages relevant to the health care and pharmaceuticals industry , and they 'd already had demos of two of them . 
 software solutions was the last . 
 donaldson pointed to the stand and they headed that way . 
 there seemed to be only one person standing there . 
 good , that meant they could railroad the salesman with questions and figures , put him on the back foot and get him to commit to a deal in their favor on the spot . 
 then they could get out of there . 
 `` excuse me , we 'd like a demonstration , '' he said in his most authoritative voice . 
 the man turned around and tarken took a step back , crashing into donaldson . 
 `` you ! 
 what are you doing here ? '' 
 it was the man he 'd seen having dinner with abbey . 
 his abbey . 
 tarken straightened , drew himself up to his full height-which was still a good four inches less that this fellow , he realized-and glared back at the dark haired man . 
 his face was grave and a small muscle jumped in his throat . 
 he looked like a man barely holding onto his self control . 
 tarken swallowed . 
 `` my name is damien vane , '' the man said . 
 he held out his hand . 
 `` i believe we met the other night . '' 
 tarken swallowed at the sound of that voice . 
 it was the same voice that had sent the waiter scuttling over and him eager to leave on tuesday night . 
 in the cold light of day , tarken was n't proud of his hasty retreat then . 
 he should 've stayed and confronted him . 
 he should have fought for abbey . 
 `` yes , '' said tarken , shaking his hand , `` i believe we did . 
 are you the software solutions representative ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` and you are ? '' 
 `` tarken pratt from jjc pharmaceuticals . 
 this is my associate , max donaldson . 
 we 'd like to have a look at your application . '' 
 `` certainly , '' said vane stiffly . 
 he led them to a table where a laptop was set up and he began to run through the features of his software . 
 after ten minutes , tarken yawned loudly . 
 `` okay , i think we 've seen enough . 
 come on , donaldson , let 's go . '' 
 `` but i 've got a million questions , '' cried donaldson . 
 `` what operating systems can it run on ? '' 
 tarken rolled his eyes and vane launched into his spiel . 
 donaldson , curse him , asked his million questions and vane , double curse him , answered them all smoothly . 
 the guy knew his stuff , that much was clear even to him . 
 finally donaldson finished . 
 his smile indicated he was satisfied with the answers . 
 tarken wondered if all of vane 's customers came away satisfied . 
 did abbey ? 
 he let out a loud huff and politely thanked vane for his time while hustling donaldson away from the stand . 
 he should 've started the ball rolling on a deal , but he just wanted to get away and think this through first . 
 they were halfway across the room when he felt a large hand clamp down on his shoulder . 
 he winced . 
 he knew it had been too easy . 
 vane wanted to confront him on abbey 's behalf , probably prove how macho he was , and tell him not to call her again . 
 well , too bad . 
 he was n't giving up on abbey that easily , especially not to a computer salesman . 
 `` mr. pratt , i 'd like to talk to you . '' 
 tarken spun round , ready to do battle . 
 the grim determination on the other man 's face made him stop . 
 going by the grip on his shoulder , this guy could beat him to a pulp if he felt like it . 
 maybe tarken could keep him talking . 
 if he remained inside , where hundreds of people were milling about , what could the guy to do to him ? 
 `` please call me tarken , '' said tarken . 
 `` is this about business ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` i did n't think so . '' 
 he turned to donaldson . 
 `` i 'll meet you back at the office . '' 
 donaldson smiled awkwardly , glanced from one man to the other , then scurried away . 
 `` look , vane , '' said tarken , puffing out his chest , `` abbey 's my girlfriend . '' 
 `` she told me you broke up . 
 you slept with a girl called melinda . '' 
 `` that was a small misunderstanding . 
 i 've realized i ca n't live without abbey . 
 i 've called her and explained and it 's only a matter of time before we 're back together . '' 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 `` you do n't think so ? 
 and what 's my relationship with abbey got to do with you ? '' 
 `` that 's none of your business . '' 
 the man 's eyes flashed at him like two black opals . 
 tarken cleared his throat . 
 `` this conversation is getting nowhere . 
 if you 've said all you want to say - '' `` i have n't . '' 
 vane glanced away thoughtfully and tarken wondered if this indicated a chink in the armor . 
 `` i wanted to ask you something about abbey . '' 
 `` and what makes you think i 'll answer anything you want to know ? '' 
 vane 's lips drew into thin white lines . 
 `` because something tells me you 're afraid of me . '' 
 tarken blinked in surprise . 
 he laughed . 
 `` i 'm not afraid of you . 
 why would i be ? 
 in fact , you should be afraid of me . 
 i 'm a potential customer . 
 i could decide to not buy your software . 
 i could decide to spread nasty rumors about how terrible your software is , and how much of an arrogant scumbag software solutions ' vp of marketing is . '' 
 `` go ahead , '' said vane . 
 `` and while you 're at it do n't forget that i 'm a womanizing drunk . 
 that detail is very important . '' 
 tarken took a step backwards . 
 this man was mentally unbalanced . 
 maybe he should at least listen to his questions , just in case he was a maniac . 
 besides , he did n't have to actually answer any of them . 
 `` go on . '' 
 `` where can i find abbey ? '' 
 tarken laughed . 
 `` you mean you do n't know ? '' 
 but vane did n't nod or shake his head . 
 he just stood , stoically , staring unblinking at him . 
 then he took a step forward and grabbed tarken on the arm . 
 and squeezed . 
 tarken flinched . 
 this guy looked dangerous enough that he might cause trouble . 
 `` i wo n't give you her address . 
 i do n't trust you . '' 
 the grip on his arm tightened . 
 `` okay , okay . 
 i 'll give you lucy 's office address . 
 that 's her best friend , in case you did n't know . 
 richmond p.i. '' he recited the address of the decrepit little office . 
 let him deal with lucy . 
 if she did n't scare him off then he deserved abbey as a prize for bravery . 
 vane 's brows drew together . 
 he did n't let go of tarken 's arm . 
 `` richmond p.i. ? 
 lucy 's a private investigator ? '' 
 tarken nodded . 
 `` you really do n't know much about abbey , do you ? '' 
 vane glared at him . 
 `` tell me then . '' 
 tarken shrugged . 
 just the bare facts , he thought . 
 nothing personal . 
 `` she 's helping lucy out on a case right now . '' 
 vane 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` what sort of case ? '' 
 `` how should i know ? '' 
 `` so you 're not her boyfriend ? '' 
 tarken shrugged and sighed . 
 `` not since she found out about melinda . 
 but that 's over now , and i 'm going to get her back . 
 so do n't get in my way , vane . '' 
 the arrogant s.o.b. actually smiled at that . 
 no , not a smile , a snarl . 
 a vicious one . 
 `` i figure there 's not much money in lucy 's line of work so in a few days abbey will come crawling back . '' 
 vane frowned , then a shadow of alarm flashed across his black eyes . 
 good . 
 whatever he 'd said was having an affect . 
 `` you give her money ? '' 
 `` well , yeah . 
 good money . 
 she works pretty hard for it though . 
 and i have to admit , she 's good at what she does . '' 
 the hand on his arm tightened and tarken swallowed . 
 already his limb was becoming numb from the lack of blood flow . 
 but it was worth it just to see the look on vane 's face . 
 it was almost a look of ... fear ? 
 `` i did n't really realize how good until she quit . 
 always the way though , is n't it ? 
 you 're employees leave and you find no one else in the company knows how to do what they do . 
 i 've advertised for a replacement , but so far the agency has n't come up with a suitable applicant . '' 
 vane 's grip relaxed and so did tarken , clenching and unclenching his fist to get the blood flowing again . 
 vane frowned at him , his eyebrows knitted . 
 `` she works for you ? '' 
 `` that 's what i just said . '' 
 `` what does she do . '' 
 `` nothing , she quit . '' 
 `` before she quit , idiot . '' 
 tarken smarted . 
 `` she was my personal assistant . '' 
 vane 's arm dropped to his side . 
 `` personal assistant ? '' 
 his voice was vague , distant . 
 good . 
 he had vane on the ropes . 
 he did n't know how he 'd managed it , but that did n't matter . 
 it was the end result that was important , and the end result was that vane was on the back foot . 
 obviously his answers were the opposite of what vane had expected to hear . 
 or wanted to hear . 
 excellent . 
 tarken was winning . 
 he enjoyed winning . 
 `` yeah , my p.a. things are a little hectic since she left , but when i get her back , it 'll be okay again . '' 
 `` and how will you get her back , tarken ? '' 
 tarken did n't like the inflection in vane 's voice when he said his name . 
 it was arrogant , self-assured . 
 the uncertainty of moments ago had completely disappeared from the computer salesman 's tone . 
 `` offer her more money of course . '' 
 he snorted . 
 what a stupid man vane was . 
 *** the taxi was taking way too long . 
 nick drummed his fingers on his knee , glanced at the ancient driver squinting through bottle-thick glasses at the traffic , and willed him to hurry . 
 the day had dragged on after tarken had left the seminar . 
 nick had n't felt the urge to punch someone since he was twenty , but he 'd been very close to punching tarken 's patrician nose when he 'd spoken about abbey as if she were an object , easily bought . 
 the guy was a first class idiot , and he did n't understand what abbey had ever seen in him . 
 she could do much better than the likes of him . 
 he 'd tell her that too , when he saw her . 
 hopefully that would be soon . 
 he 'd thought about calling lucy 's office first , but decided he 'd rather speak to abbey face to face . 
 what he wanted to say could n't be said over the phone . 
 actually , he did n't really know what he wanted to say to her yet , but at least the taxi ride gave him a chance to think things through . 
 to think about what tarken had said . 
 abbey was n't a hooker . 
 that was definitely a load off his shoulders . 
 he should 've believed her when she told him , but that was n't his fault . 
 he liked proof , and all the evidence had pointed to her being a less than reputable woman . 
 the masseur story , sex within minutes of meeting him , and then again the next night . 
 and of course , the clothes had ` easy ' written all over them . 
 nick drew in a deep breath to calm himself down . 
 they were traveling through a nice part of town , east of the city center , but the houses quickly became smaller and denser as they crossed a major intersection . 
 `` richmond , '' said the driver . 
 `` good factory outlets and seconds shops if you 're looking for a new suit . '' 
 `` no thanks . '' 
 the taxi pulled into a street , turned a few corners , then stopped outside a warehouse . 
 the street was full of warehouses . 
 some looked like they 'd been converted into trendy apartments with balconies and garages . 
 others , with crumbling facades and broken windows looked less loved . 
 nick paid the driver and got out . 
 he scanned the dull brass labels beside the glass door and spotted the p.i. agency . 
 suite 2c . 
 he pushed open the dirty glass door and entered . 
 the hallway smelled moldy and the carpet looked it . 
 nick held his breath as he glanced at the staircase . 
 he went up , dodged the broken step , and paused at the top of the landing . 
 it was darker on this level with no natural light . 
 there were no windows in the corridor . 
 the first door belonged to a lawyer 's office , the second to a medical clinic and the third was richmond p.i. nick knocked on the grimy opaque glass door . 
 no answer . 
 he knocked louder . 
 still no answer . 
 damn . 
 he should 've called . 
 he really did n't want to have to go all the way back to the hotel and return again another time . 
 maybe he should wait . 
 lucy would arrive eventually and point him in abbey 's direction if she was n't with her . 
 he leaned against the wall and paint flaked off onto his sleeve . 
 enough of this . 
 there was only one option . 
 he would break in . 
 it would n't be breaking and entering , as such . 
 more like just entering . 
 he was n't going to steal anything or break anything . 
 he just wanted to talk to abbey . 
 he might as well wait in relative comfort . 
 he bent and studied the lock . 
 nothing fancy . 
 he fished in his pocket for his wallet and pulled out a credit card and lock picks . 
 old habits died hard . 
 he still carried although he had n't used them in a long time . 
 the lock was just about to give way when a door opened along the corridor . 
 a giant of a man with the physique of a neanderthal stepped out . 
 nick looked up , nodded , and waited for the guy to leave . 
 he did n't . 
 `` what you doing ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` waiting for lucy . '' 
 `` looked like you were trying to break in . '' 
 `` do i look like a burglar to you ? '' 
 the neanderthal looked nick up and down . 
 `` guess not . '' 
 `` lucy 's a friend , '' nick said . 
 the man grinned crookedly . 
 `` she 's every man 's friend . '' 
 he passed nick and stepped heavily down the stairs making them creak dangerously under his weight . 
 when he reached the bottom he looked back up and grinned . 
 `` just do n't let her give you that shit about being busy . 
 that 's her kiss-off line . 
 besides , '' he signaled the closed office door , `` she never looks busy to me . '' 
 he opened the front door and disappeared outside into the sweltering heat . 
 nick took his hand out of his pocket and returned to his task . 
 a moment later he stepped inside and congratulated himself for remembering a bad habit from the less respectable years of his life . 
 he glanced around the room . 
 it was tiny . 
 a desk was crammed up against the wall . 
 a metal , three-drawer filing cabinet squatted in a corner and two chairs sandwiched the desk . 
 a coffee machine was the only other piece of furniture in the room , and the desk had a small plant and a laptop computer on it . 
 the office was compact but clean . 
 nick sat in one of the chairs , thrust his legs out in front of him and closed his eyes . 
 he might have to wait a while . 
 but he did n't care . 
 he wanted some answers and he was damned if he was leaving without them . 
 nick opened his eyes and stood . 
 this was frustrating . 
 he glanced around and his eyes rested on the desk . 
 a large yellow envelope was the most prominently displayed thing there . 
 there was nothing written on the front . 
 nick glanced at the door , then back at the desk . 
 the envelope was unsealed so he could look at the contents without tampering with it . 
 he reached across the desk and picked it up , but paused . 
 damn it , this was important . 
 he 'd been lied to , someone was trying to set him up for something , and he had a right to know what was going on . 
 he flipped open the flap and pulled out three large photographs . 
 abbey 's naked body was clearly recognizable , even though her face was hidden in his shoulder . 
 his face , and everything else , was there to be seen in all its glory . 
 nick 's face heated up . 
 a flash of red passed before his eyes and his heart beat trebled . 
 so he was right . 
 he was about to be blackmailed . 
 but why ? 
 who cared who he slept with ? 
 the only possibility he could think of , was that someone knew he was posing as vane and wanted to prove it to ruin his company 's reputation . 
 but why obtain photos of him having sex with a strange woman ? 
 that was odd and did n't add up . 
 it would make more sense to get photos of him at the seminar wearing his damien vane name tag . 
 damn . 
 when he found out what was going on , he 'd make the blackmailer pay . 
 but first , he 'd start with abbey and her friend lucy . 
 nick tossed the photos and the envelope back on the table . 
 he turned to the filing cabinet but it was locked . 
 he rounded the desk and rifled through the drawers but there were no keys and no papers to indicate who lucy 's client was . 
 he turned his attention to the laptop . 
 he switched it on and waited impatiently for it to boot up . 
 it was password protected . 
 he tried a couple of words , then realized he did n't have a clue about lucy so guessing her password was out of the question . 
 he let out a low growl and slumped into the chair . 
 the photos were clearly taken from a building across the road from his hotel suite . 
 the thought that someone had been watching them annoyed him . 
 the thought that abbey had only had sex with him to set him up to gain incriminating evidence made his furious . 
 she may not be a hooker , but she 'd still slept with him to get money . 
 it was all the same . 
 nick shifted in the chair , tapped his fingers on the desk and stood . 
 he paced the room three times , considering what he wanted to say to abbey when he saw her , when two shadows darkened the corridor outside the door . 
 then the door rattled . 
 `` hey , '' came a female voice , lucy 's , `` someone 's been tampering with my door . '' 
 *** tarken put his feet on his desk and sifted through the brochures he 'd received from the software companies . 
 when he came to software solutions ' brochure he sat up straight . 
 damn that vane fellow . 
 he had a nerve speaking to him that way today , as if he was more than just a software salesman . 
 tarken flipped open the brochure and scanned it . 
 it was as dull as the demo had been . 
 he threw it in the trash and returned his feet to the desk , leaning back in his leather chair . 
 after a moment 's thought he picked up the phone , dialed abbey 's apartment but got her machine . 
 he left a message to call him . 
 there was a cocktail party he wanted to invite her to tomorrow night for the seminar attendees . 
 he wanted to get in before vane did . 
 vane . 
 damn him . 
 abbey was still his girlfriend . 
 he 'd dazzle her tomorrow night , treat her like a princess and show her what a nobody vane was . 
 it would drive the salesman insane with jealousy . 
 he picked the brochure out of the trash , located the sydney phone number and dialed . 
 a chirpy receptionist answered . 
 `` this is tarken pratt from jjc pharmaceuticals in melbourne . 
 i 'd like to speak to your ceo please . '' 
 `` mr. delaware is n't in the office today , can i take a message ? '' 
 `` delaware ? 
 do you mean nick delaware ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 is there anyone else here who can help you , sir ? '' 
 not unless they 're high up enough to fire damien vane . 
 `` no . 
 when 's delaware back in the office ? '' 
 `` monday . '' 
 he hung up . 
 so delaware was the ceo of software solutions . 
 tarken was impressed . 
 he 'd read about delaware 's rise to riches in business review weekly . 
 the article had said he was one of the richest men in australia and he 'd got there by sheer hard work and impressive financial skill . 
 there was no doubt about it , delaware was an investment genius and not someone to be crossed . 
 the guy was loaded . 
 good . 
 tarken should have no trouble getting vane fired if he started a few rumors about him . 
 something nasty about the salesman 's sexual habits . 
 that ought to do it . 
 delaware did n't seem like the sort to want any scandal getting about . 
 it was n't good for business . 
 tarken 's phone buzzed . 
 `` mr. goldstein 's for you , tark , '' came melinda 's voice down the line . 
 he 'd asked her to temporarily step in as his p.a. until the employment agency found a replacement . 
 she was n't very good . 
 `` you deal with him , i 'm busy . '' 
 he hung up . 
 abbey would n't have even bothered him when the boss rang . 
 she always dealt with him . 
 goldstein liked her and she was good at soothing his temper . 
 melinda needed to learn to do that too . 
 melinda was going to be another problem . 
 how was he going to tell her nicely that she was a bad p.a. , and that she was lousy in bed ? 
 *** lucy shoved the door open , ready to pounce on the unsuspecting thief on the other side . 
 abbey hung back to let her friend do her thing . 
 when she did n't and just shouted , `` what the hell is going on here ? '' 
 she thought it was safe enough to peer over her shoulder . 
 `` damien ! 
 what are you doing here ? '' 
 he looked mad . 
 abbey could feel the vibrations of anger emanating from his body . 
 amazingly , he kept his temper under control and his face set . 
 but it did n't bode well . 
 `` what the hell is this ? '' 
 he waved an envelope in the air and did n't take his eyes off her . 
 lucy stormed into the room and snatched the envelope from his grasp . 
 `` none of your business , '' she said . 
 abbey was glad her friend still had her wits about her , because she was finding it difficult to think straight with a very mad , very sexy damien vane standing in front of her . 
 `` i think it is very much my business , '' seethed vane , `` considering i feature very prominently in your little happy snaps . '' 
 `` these do n't belong to you . '' 
 `` let 's call the cops and find out , shall we ? '' 
 `` yes , let 's . 
 i 'm sure they 'll like to hear about how you broke into my office . '' 
 his gaze shifted briefly from abbey to lucy , then back again . 
 `` abbey , i want to discuss this with you . '' 
 lucy stiffened . 
 `` i 'm not leaving - '' `` lucy , it 's okay , '' abbey said . 
 `` i can deal with him . '' 
 lucy glanced from one to the other and sighed . 
 `` i know you can , but i 'll be just outside if you need me . '' 
 she turned , squeezed abbey 's arm and left . 
 damien 's eyes locked with abbey 's for a long moment . 
 she 'd never seen him so angry . 
 there was so much steam rising from his ears it was amazing his head did n't blow off . 
 his eyes flashed like black fire at her , and the muscle in his neck pulsed . 
 he did n't waver , even as he took a step closer to her . 
 abbey straightened and remained where she was . 
 if he was trying to intimidate her , it was n't going to work . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he sucked in a deep breath . 
 `` i came to see you . '' 
 abbey threw her arms wide . 
 `` well , here i am . '' 
 his hand flew to his hair and he made a grunting sound at the back of his throat as he ruffled it . 
 `` i came to find out what the hell was going on . '' 
 he must be stupid if he had n't worked that out after seeing the photos . 
 but she certainly was n't going to make this easy for him . 
 he may be good in bed-damn good-but the bottom line was , he was a creep who cheated on his wife . 
 she had to remember that . 
 she had to ! 
 `` you must have a fair idea since you 're here and saw those photos . '' 
 she crossed her arms over her chest . 
 he did the same . 
 `` why did you lie to me ? '' 
 he nodded at the photos that lucy had put back on the desk . 
 `` is it to do with those ? '' 
 abbey swallowed . 
 she could tell him the truth or she could lie . 
 again . 
 she did n't like it but the lying option was safest right now . 
 she could n't tell him that lucy was going to send the photos to his wife so she could finally know for sure that he was cheating on her . 
 that would only make it awkward for mrs. vane and she did n't want to do that . 
 she was lucy 's client and lucy had signed a confidentiality agreement . 
 besides , abbey did n't particularly want to unleash this man 's anger on someone else , no matter who she was to him . 
 so , how the hell was she going to explain this ? 
 damien 's hand shot out and grabbed her arm . 
 he pulled her to him , her body almost touching his . 
 something sizzled in the pocket of air between them . 
 `` tell me , '' he growled . 
 abbey jerked her arm out of his grip . 
 how dare he think he could push her around ! 
 `` let me go ! '' 
 she jerked her arm free . 
 and just because she felt like it , she reached up to slap him . 
 but he caught her hand . 
 for one long moment it seemed he did n't know what to do next . 
 then his mouth twitched and descended on hers . 
 his kiss was fierce and hot . 
 chapter 8 nick picked abbey up and placed her on the desk , sliding her bottom backwards . 
 the envelope with the photos dropped to the floor unnoticed and she bumped into the laptop . 
 he reached behind her and thrust it carelessly aside . 
 she lay down , legs dangling over the side beneath him , as he bent over her body and continued his ferocious kissing , suddenly unable to get enough of her . 
 she tasted good . 
 too damn good . 
 abbey made a small sound of protest but he kissed it away . 
 her body certainly was n't giving him any negative vibes . 
 in fact , her body was inviting him to go further . 
 she undid the buttons on his shirt , exposing his chest and shoulders . 
 she caressed and stroked his chest , pinching his ni ** les and rubbing his smooth skin . 
 her hips gyrated up to meet him , pressing against his rock hard erection . 
 she looked tantalizing , spread before him on the desk , just as hot for him as he was for her . 
 it took all his self control to hold back and not rip her skirt off . 
 instead , he pushed the skirt over her hips and fingered the flesh at the edge of her panties . 
 smooth , warm . 
 inviting . 
 he bent to kiss the exposed flesh and she sighed , then gasped as he moved upwards , thrusting aside the panties . 
 moments later abbey was panting , her arms flailing across the desk , groping . 
 she knocked over a pencil holder , some files and a bunch of paperclips . 
 she did n't notice . 
 she was intent on her orgasm . 
 nick could feel it rising inside her . 
 bubbling , ready to explode . 
 suddenly she went very still , then her skin puckered into tiny goose bumps as she began to quiver uncontrollably . 
 she cried out and arched her body up to meet his tongue . 
 he stopped , unable to resist teasing her , to make the moment last , then as she thrust herself up again , he brought her home , enjoying the way her body convulsed in delicious spasms . 
 `` oh , abbey , '' he whispered against her flesh . 
 he hauled himself up on the desk , straddled her and peered down . 
 her eyes were closed tight , savoring the final throes of passion . 
 he reached down and undid the buttons on her white , sleeveless shirt . 
 he slipped his hand inside and brushed the warm skin with his fingertips . 
 when his hand touched a nipple , abbey sucked in a breath through her teeth . 
 he smiled . 
 every pore of her was still sensitive to his touch . 
 good . 
 he liked her when she was like this . 
 lulled , yet still wanting . 
 he loved the way she melted into him , allowed him to hold her and touch her as if she trusted him . 
 nick 's hand delved a little further , sliding under her bra . 
 he reached behind her and undid the clasp , then returned to her br ** sts , the other hand supporting him on the desk as he leaned over her . 
 he rubbed one red nipple , took it between his lips as it puckered and softly nibbled . 
 abbey moaned and arched her back up to him . 
 he moved his mouth to the other one , then traveled downwards . 
 when he reached her moist thighs , he pulled down the panties that he 'd hastily drawn to one side . 
 then he undid the fly on his trousers , and the button on his shorts . 
 he let out a long sigh as his erection was freed . 
 it pulsed in time to his heart beat , rapid and heavy . 
 he leaned forward and kissed her , tasting her need and desire as she kissed him back . 
 her hands linked together behind his head and she drew him down , hungrily tasting him . 
 nick 's erection screamed for action , to be allowed to taste her the way his lips were tasting her . 
 he obliged and lowered himself . 
 when sensitive skin touched sensitive skin he sucked in a frayed breath and settled himself to plunge into her heat . 
 just as he was poised to plunder , abbey clamped her legs together . 
 he heard her catch her breath and she suddenly stopped kissing him . 
 he stared down at her . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 he could detect the desperation and frustration in his voice . 
 `` you know what 's wrong . 
 this whole damn thing is wrong . '' 
 she struggled to sit up , pushing him off the desk as she did so . 
 she sat , perched on the edge of the desk and glared at him . 
 she pushed her short cream skirt down . 
 it was the most conservative thing he 'd seen her wear . 
 the white sleeveless shirt was just as unexciting , but seeing her br ** sts heaving where he 'd opened it drove him wild . 
 wilder . 
 he kissed her lips again . 
 she pushed him off . 
 `` abbey , '' he growled , suddenly realizing he may have to leave frustrated . 
 `` no ! 
 i ca n't keep on doing this , damien . 
 it 's too hard . '' 
 he ignored the name and smiled wickedly . 
 `` very hard . '' 
 he pressed himself into her to get his point across . 
 `` that 's not what i meant and you know it . '' 
 he placed a hand on the desk on either side of her hips and stared into her bright blue eyes . 
 she had amazing eyes . 
 as blue as the sky and just as vast . 
 he could get lost in those eyes . 
 `` abbey , i 'm sorry i got annoyed before - '' `` annoyed ! 
 you looked like you were about to explode . '' 
 `` i have a quick temper . 
 but it 's just as quick to disappear . '' 
 his gaze dropped to her lips . 
 `` when i kiss you . '' 
 he leaned forward and took her bottom lip between both of his and sucked . 
 she jerked away . 
 `` do n't , '' she said . 
 `` i ca n't do this . '' 
 `` we 're two consenting adults - '' she held up a hand and he dutifully stopped . 
 `` i 've heard that line a million times in the last few days and i do n't want to hear it anymore . 
 look , i do n't do casual sex with strangers very well . 
 it 's not exactly in my makeup if you know what i mean . '' 
 no , he had no idea what that meant . 
 that she had feelings for him ? 
 that it was more than just sex to her ? 
 or that it was just that-casual sex-and she 'd realized she did n't have any feelings for him , and wanted it to end . 
 `` no , i do n't know what you mean . 
 tell me . '' 
 but she did n't . 
 instead , she sighed and put a hand on his chest . 
 he felt her fingers tighten against his skin , as if having one last feel of him , then she pushed him backward . 
 `` i think i 'm the one who should be pissed here . 
 you 've got photos of me naked . '' 
 `` and me . '' 
 `` no one knows it 's you except us . '' 
 he glanced at the glass door . 
 `` and lucy . 
 and since she 's a p.i. i hate to think where those photos are going to end up . '' 
 abbey looked away . 
 `` i ca n't tell you that . '' 
 `` i figured you would n't . '' 
 he zipped his fly . 
 `` i also figure you 're not about to tell me what 's going on . 
 and what role you 've been playing throughout this little game . '' 
 `` i have n't been playing any game . '' 
 but she did n't look at him . 
 nick did n't trust people who avoided eye contact . 
 he took her chin in his hand and drew her face round so she had no choice but to look into his eyes . 
 `` if you 're not going to tell me what 's going on , then i 'm going to walk out that door and not turn back . '' 
 her lashes lowered and she said nothing . 
 he let go . 
 an ache gnawed his gut . 
 this was n't supposed to happen . 
 she was supposed to give in , tell him everything , tell him ... what ? 
 that she had feelings for him ? 
 why ? 
 just because he had feelings for her did n't mean she reciprocated them . 
 obviously this had n't meant anything to abbey otherwise the threat of walking out would have weakened her resolve . 
 she had n't even flinched . 
 she did n't shed a tear and she did n't even look at him . 
 this was something nick was n't used to . 
 he always got answers . 
 he 'd always got the woman he 'd wanted too . 
 this one , the only one he 'd wanted this badly in a long time-perhaps ever-wasn ' t giving him an inch . 
 he blew out a breath and forced himself to go over the facts again . 
 since abbey called him vane , it was likely that the photos had nothing to do with him and everything to do with damien vane and his jealous wife , lorraine . 
 but that was n't the point . 
 the point was that nick always got answers . 
 always . 
 the truth was , abbey did n't feel the same way about him that he felt about her . 
 so it was for the best if he just walked away , before he got himself in further than he already was . 
 before he made an even bigger fool of himself . 
 `` i see , '' he said quietly . 
 he resisted the urge to give her a goodbye kiss , turned and walked out the door . 
 he did n't look back . 
 *** `` shit . '' 
 lucy took her sobbing friend in her arms . 
 abbey , annoyed at herself for allowing her feelings for damien to get the better of her , cried into her friend 's shoulder , letting the pain wash out of her . 
 then , sucking in a deep breath , she straightened , wiped her cheeks and hopped off the desk . 
 `` i 'm not going to let him get to me , '' she said , as much to convince herself as lucy . 
 `` bit late for that , '' said lucy , eyeing her closely . 
 abbey tried to smile . 
 `` i 'll be fine . 
 i 'm tough . '' 
 `` yeah , as tough as marshmallow when it comes to vane . '' 
 abbey cursed . 
 `` i should n't have let him get so close to me again . '' 
 it 's just that he was so persuasive . 
 she just could n't keep her hands off him . 
 there was something ... magnetic between them . 
 lucy surveyed her desk and placed her fists on out-thrust hips . 
 `` it 's partly my fault . 
 i should n't have left you alone with him . '' 
 abbey picked up the stack of files that had fallen to the floor and arranged them neatly on the edge of the desk . 
 `` sorry about the mess , '' she muttered , pushing the laptop back into the center . 
 `` do n't be . 
 i should 've known better . 
 he 's got some kind of hold on you . '' 
 `` he 's bad news , that 's what he is . 
 i 've got to learn self control . '' 
 `` maybe you should take up judo . 
 martial arts are a great way to learn self-control . 
 when you realize you can kick butt it takes a hell of a lot of self control not to . 
 i 've got a great instructor . '' 
 lucy grinned . 
 `` he 's really sexy . '' 
 `` no thanks . 
 it is n't necessary to kick butt in my line of work . '' 
 `` i do n't know-tarken needs a good butt-kicking . '' 
 abbey giggled despite herself . 
 lucy had a way of getting her out of a glum mood . 
 although this was one hell of a glum mood . 
 lucy gave her friend a quick cuddle . 
 `` forget about vane . 
 he 's a bastard . 
 he 's also married and has a mistress in every port . 
 you can do way better than him . '' 
 abbey nodded but did n't really agree with her . 
 her choice in men had gone from lousy to downright atrocious . 
 a pathetic idiot like tarken was one thing , but a serial womanizer like damien was entirely another . 
 the problem was , she felt far more for damien than she ever had for tarken . 
 it might have started out as just sex , but it had rapidly turned into something else . 
 something that had aroused feelings and emotions that she 'd begun to think were n't possible . 
 the sort that happen in movies and books but she was yet to experience in real life . 
 until now . 
 and when those feelings were directed solely at a man like damien , then it was a very bad thing . 
 he was the sort of man who would run a mile as soon as his libido calmed down or pointed itself in another direction , especially if he knew how she really felt . 
 abbey sighed deeply and picked up her handbag which had fallen onto the floor when damien grabbed her . 
 `` i 'm going home , '' she announced . 
 `` sorry about your desk . '' 
 `` abbey girl , you can mess up my desk anytime . 
 just do n't fall in love with the next guy you have sex on it with , okay ? '' 
 she reached up and tucked a hair behind abbey 's ear . 
 `` there wo n't be a next time , '' said abbey . 
 `` i 'm giving up on men . 
 i ca n't pick a decent one if my life depended on it . '' 
 lucy clicked her tongue . 
 `` do n't give up . 
 just do n't fall in love with them . 
 i told you , pick a man whose personality totally turns you off . '' 
 her mouth twitched into a half-smile . 
 `` the gorilla 's still available . '' 
 abbey made a face . 
 `` i 'm going before you set me up with every man in your little black book . '' 
 `` that 'd keep you going for a few years at least . '' 
 abbey hugged her friend and left the office . 
 she hopped into her car and headed down bridge road , turning right at church street . 
 all the way home , she thought about how she should have handled damien vane . 
 she should 've ignored him , pushed him away before he 'd even kissed her . 
 maybe if lucy had n't left ... no , she could n't blame this on lucy . 
 getting in over her head with damien was her own stupid fault . 
 she could n't blame anyone else for this mess . 
 except maybe damien . 
 by the time she pulled into a parking space in front of her apartment , abbey was angry . 
 angry at herself for letting damien have this affect on her , and angry at him for , well , being so damned sexy and such a womanizer at the same time . 
 she opened her front door and threw her bag on the table beside the phone . 
 the answering machine 's red light flashed . 
 she opened her fridge and poured herself a glass of white wine , then padded across the floorboards and pressed the button on the machine . 
 there was a message from tarken asking her to call him back . 
 she deleted it . 
 she settled herself on the couch and switched on the tv . 
 there was nothing on so she switched it off again . 
 she reached for a book on her coffee table and flipped it open to the bookmarked page . 
 ten minutes later she replaced the bookmark on the same page . 
 she sighed and wondered if she was doomed to think about damien all night . 
 it might not be so bad if she kept her thoughts focussed on the sex and not the man himself . 
 that could n't do any harm . 
 she closed her eyes and relaxed back into the couch . 
 the air in the apartment was warm . 
 too warm . 
 abbey undid the buttons on her shirt and discarded it . 
 better , but she was still hot . 
 she undid her bra and let it slide off her br ** sts and fall into her lap . 
 much better . 
 her hand skimmed her right breast as she lifted the wine glass to her lips . 
 her skin was soft to touch , and hot . 
 damien had touched her breast like that . 
 no , not quite like that . 
 his touch had more urgency and hunger in it . 
 she placed the wine glass on the coffee table then cupped her breast , the way damien did , and rubbed gently . 
 the nipple quickly puckered and sent a wave of tingles down to her abdomen . 
 she reached across to do the same with the other nipple when the phone rang . 
 she thought about letting it go to the answering machine , but it might be lucy checking up on her . 
 she 'd worry if abbey did n't answer . 
 she picked up . 
 `` hello . '' 
 `` it 's tarken . '' 
 silence as abbey contemplated hanging up . 
 instead , she stifled a groan and quickly threw on the discarded shirt and clasped it closed across her br ** sts . 
 she knew he could n't see her but the desire to cover herself was a natural instinct these days at the sound of tarken 's voice . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 `` now , that 's no way to talk to your boyfriend . '' 
 `` ex , tarken . 
 we 're through , remember ? '' 
 `` do n't be so hasty , i 've got something i want to say to you . '' 
 `` well , hurry up and say it . 
 i 'm busy . '' 
 there was a pause as tarken seemed to consider this information . 
 maybe her harsh answers were finally getting through to him and he was about to give up . 
 `` there 's a cocktail party on tomorrow night and i thought you might like to accompany me . '' 
 abbey rolled her eyes . 
 giving up was n't tarken 's style , even when he was thoroughly beaten . 
 it was embarrassing before , now it was just annoying . 
 `` why would i want to do that ? '' 
 `` because it 's for this software seminar that 's been going on at the crown complex . '' 
 her heart stopped . 
 software seminar ... `` did you go to it ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes . 
 mr. goldstein decided on monday that we needed a new system . 
 he suggested donaldson go . 
 normally i 'd send you along with him , but ... '' `` what , melinda 's not good enough ? '' 
 she could n't help getting one sarcastic comment in . 
 `` let 's just say that melinda 's not you . '' 
 at least he 'd recognized that . 
 she closed her eyes . 
 she tried not to think about tarken meeting damien again at the seminar . 
 she did n't want to know the consequences of such a meeting . 
 `` so why would i want to go to this party ? '' 
 `` you might meet some industry contacts . 
 since you 're looking for a job , i thought it could prove useful for you . '' 
 abbey 's spine tingled . 
 tarken was up to something and she did n't like it . 
 if melinda was a hopeless p.a. then he probably wanted to woo abbey back into the role . 
 so why take her somewhere with the intention of making new contacts and getting a new job ? 
 it did n't add up . 
 what did make sense was that tarken had met damien at the seminar . 
 and after the reception he received at the restaurant earlier in the week , tarken was probably cooking up something in revenge . 
 this might be worth seeing . 
 and what did she have to lose anyway ? 
 neither man was her boyfriend so there was no danger of a confrontation leading to the end of a relationship . 
 there was nothing to end . 
 `` fine , i 'll go . '' 
 `` pick you up at six . '' 
 she hung up . 
 it could be a disaster . 
 in fact , it probably would be a disaster , but she felt compelled to go . 
 if for no other reason than to flirt with tarken in damien 's face . 
 childish , she knew , but it might help exorcise her demons . 
 and those demons definitely needed exorcising . 
 abbey needed closure . 
 *** nick sat on the couch in the dark in his hotel suite . 
 the curtain was open and the street lights offered a faint glow through the window . 
 it was probably still hot out there but it was cool inside the room . 
 cool enough to sooth his skin but not cool enough to sooth his temper . 
 he was angry . 
 at abbey for lying , but mostly at himself for letting her get to him the way she had . 
 this was n't supposed to happen . 
 casual sex with strangers in strange cities was n't supposed to mean anything . 
 it never used to , when he 'd done this sort of thing in his early twenties . 
 so why start now and make things so complicated ? 
 it was n't fair . 
 abbey was totally wrong for him . 
 she lived in a different city for starters , and she was n't the sort of woman he could take wining and dining to sydney 's most salubrious establishments with business associates . 
 hell , the girl had a penchant for skirts that crept above the height of decency . 
 nick emitted a low growl and punched the cushion on the couch . 
 he was kidding himself and he knew it . 
 it had nothing to do with the skirts and everything to do with her attitude . 
 she had way too much of it . 
 she argued with him about everything , except sex of course . 
 then there was the lies . 
 nice girls do n't lie . 
 even worse than that , she did n't want him . 
 even worse than that-and this was the clincher-she 'd only slept with him in the first place for money . 
 and if she 'd slept with him for a few hundred dollars from lucy 's client , imagine what she 'd do when she discovered he was worth a fortune . 
 a gold digger was the last thing he needed on his hands . 
 okay , so thinking about what she might do gave him a hard on . 
 but thinking about abbey wanting him just for his money made his blood run cold . 
 now , while she thought he was that loser vane , she did n't want to know him except for the occasional sexual interlude . 
 but if she ever learned the truth , he somehow knew her disagreeable nature would fly out the window and she 'd be all sweetness . 
 the image had a certain appeal ... no , actually , it did n't . 
 abbey minus her smart mouth and her confronting style just would n't be as much fun . 
 it just would n't be abbey . 
 he did n't want her wanting him , and changing who she was , because of his money . 
 he wanted her to want him . 
 it was best not to tell her who he was then . 
 once she learned his real name , it would n't take long to link him to his fortune . 
 no doubt she 'd find out when lorraine vane saw the photos and identified him , but hopefully by then he 'd be long gone . 
 his flight was early saturday morning . 
 that left only tomorrow , friday , for the photos to reach sydney . 
 hopefully lucy would n't be that efficient . 
 once he was back home in sydney , he could forget everything that had ever happened here in melbourne , and he could forget abbey . 
 putting distance between them would cool his desire for her and life would return to normal . 
 that 's what he wanted . 
 right ? 
 a knock at his door sent a jolt through him . 
 he stood , paused , and eyed the door . 
 it would n't be abbey . 
 not after the way they 'd parted . 
 he opened the door , a short speech already prepared just in case . 
 but instead of a sexy , blue-eyed vixen , the person who stood on his doorstep was male , forty-ish with dark hair and a three-day growth . 
 `` hello , boss , '' said the man in an american drawl . 
 `` long time no see . '' 
 `` vane ! 
 what the hell are you doing here ? '' 
 `` my job . '' 
 damien vane-the real damien vane-pushed past nick into the room . 
 `` nice suite . 
 pity i could n't use it . '' 
 nick blinked , gathered himself , and rounded on his vp of marketing . 
 `` you 've got some nerve waltzing in here now . 
 where the hell have you been ? '' 
 at least vane had the decency to look apologetic . 
 he also looked hung over . 
 `` sorry , i lost track of time . '' 
 `` you lost track of time ! 
 what kind of excuse is that ! 
 you 're fired . '' 
 `` aw , now wait a minute , let me explain . 
 i went away for the weekend with this hot little air hostess . 
 an air hostess ! 
 i could n't pass her up . 
 well , we kind of had a few too many drinks on sunday night , then the next thing i knew it was wednesday . 
 i got back to the office as quick as i could and they said you 'd come down here instead of me . 
 so i got beverly to book me a flight and here i am . '' 
 he threw his arms out wide . 
 `` better late than never . 
 and there 's still tomorrow . '' 
 nick sucked in air and let it out slowly . 
 it did n't help him calm down . 
 `` you 've a nerve coming down here when the seminar 's almost over . '' 
 he took a step towards vane and vane took a step back , swallowing so hard his adam 's apple almost disappeared into his chest . 
 nick had a mind to punch the arrogant look off vane 's face , but he thought that might not be very dignified . 
 `` i 've had enough of your disappearances and your lazy attitude to the job . 
 i 've put up with it until now because you were supposed to be the best . 
 but you crossed the line this time , vane . 
 you 're fired . 
 get out of this room , go back to sydney and clean out your office . 
 i do n't want to see you again . '' 
 vane blinked back at nick , his mouth open . 
 `` you 're serious . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` but i have n't got a flight booked . '' 
 nick took another step toward vane . 
 he was out of patience . 
 maybe he should just hit him . 
 it might make him feel better . 
 `` then get on the phone and do it . '' 
 `` but , my job . 
 i 'm good ... '' `` then you 'll get another one . 
 maybe microsoft will take you back . '' 
 vane shook his head . 
 `` my wife 's australian . 
 she does n't want to live in the states anymore . '' 
 `` somehow i do n't think that 's going to be a problem , '' nick muttered . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 nick shook his head . 
 he was n't going to bring abbey and her investigation into this . 
 nick crossed his arms and glared at vane . 
 if the little jerk did n't move soon , he was going to have to wrestle him out of the room . 
 that might not be a bad thing . 
 it would save him punching him and would kill two birds with one stone-he 'd get rid of vane and his anger at the same time . 
 he took another step toward vane who took one back , but found the couch in the way . 
 `` do n't look at me like that , '' vane cried . 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` like you want to kill me . '' 
 `` i do want to kill you . 
 i 've had a bad week . '' 
 actually his week had n't been all that bad . 
 the parts with abbey in his bed , on the couch , at the restaurant , the beach , lucy 's desk-those had been rather good . 
 it was the other parts he did n't like so much . 
 vane held up his hands in self defense just as nick uncrossed his arms and reached toward him . 
 `` okay , okay , i 'm leaving . '' 
 vane scuttled toward the door . 
 `` you know , when i heard you were pretending to be me , i thought we could turn this to our advantage . 
 i could pretend to be you , just flying in to check on the last day of the seminar and attend the cocktail party and charm the pants off everyone . 
 we 'd make a good team . '' 
 `` i do n't charm the pants off people , i talk straight and get the job done . '' 
 `` yeah , right . 
 like all the women in the office do n't go ga ga over you . '' 
 `` that 's because i treat them with a little respect and do n't try to grab their asses as they walk past . '' 
 `` hey , i only did that once . '' 
 `` yeah , once when you were sober . 
 millions of times when you were under the influence . '' 
 vane looked sheepish . 
 it was n't nearly good enough-nick wanted him to look afraid . 
 `` so how about it ? '' 
 asked vane . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i pretend to be you . 
 just for tomorrow . '' 
 `` you 've already caused enough trouble for one week , why would i want you to stick around ? 
 do you think i 'm crazy ? '' 
 vane shrugged and gave nick a look as if to say he was n't sure . 
 `` get out . '' 
 vane held up his hands as nick approached him . 
 he shrugged , then nodded , opened the door and closed it behind him without so much as a wave . 
 nick punched the back of the couch . 
 it did n't relieve nearly enough tension . 
 first abbey had ruined his week , now vane . 
 not in exactly the same way , but it was ruined nonetheless . 
 if only abbey had told him the truth from the start then it did n't have to be this way . 
 he could have wooed her , they could go out on a date like a normal couple , he could tell her who he really was , and ... who was he kidding ? 
 if he told her who he really was then he 'd have a permanent visitor from melbourne in his house . 
 one that was only interested in his money . 
 the next thing he 'd know is he was getting married and having kids . 
 that was n't nick delaware 's style . 
 nick frowned . 
 an image of abbey with a child on her hip passed before his eyes . 
 he liked it . 
 he liked it a lot . 
 damn , why could n't he fall for a woman more like him ? 
 someone he knew how to handle . 
 someone with less ... heat . 
 someone who did n't need money . 
 his money . 
 nick dragged a hand through his hair . 
 he stared into space for a moment , then sprinted for the door . 
 vane was nowhere in the hall . 
 nick ran to the elevator , pressed the button then shifted from one foot to the other as he waited for it to arrive . 
 it took forever . 
 when it did , he jumped in , pushed ground and ran into the foyer when the doors opened . 
 vane was chatting up the receptionist . 
 `` vane . '' 
 he turned around . 
 `` i 've changed my mind . 
 get a room . 
 we 'll put your plan into action tomorrow . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 vane beamed . 
 `` great . 
 i 've always wanted to be ceo . '' 
 `` i thought you said you already were , '' said the pouty girl behind the counter . 
 vane did some smooth talking , got himself a room and winked at the girl before joining nick . 
 nick had n't moved . 
 he was thinking about the plan . 
 he 'd have to call abbey and try to get her to go to the cocktail party . 
 that was going to be the hardest part . 
 `` so why the sudden change ? '' 
 asked vane . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' nick mumbled turning to the elevator . 
 `` this has something to do with a woman , does n't it ? '' 
 nick swung round , thunder crashing between his ears . 
 was he that obvious ? 
 vane slapped nick on the shoulder . 
 `` aha , i knew it . 
 men like me can always tell these things . 
 this is great , nick , just great . 
 guys like us need to stick together . '' 
 `` i 'm not like you , '' growled nick stepping inside the elevator . 
 vane followed him . 
 `` sure , whatever . 
 so , what 's the problem , and where do i fit in ? '' 
 nick ignored him . 
 `` hey , nick , if i 'm going to play the role you need to tell me how to play it . 
 why do you want me to pretend to be you ? '' 
 `` i want to see how someone reacts to you . '' 
 `` me , or me being you ? '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 `` aha . 
 so you 're putting this girl through some sort of test . '' 
 nick resisted the urge to grab vane 's shirt and push him back against the elevator wall . 
 he refrained because he knew it would just prove he was right . 
 and he did n't want vane to know that , not yet . 
 because , as much as he hated admitting it even to himself , vane was right . 
 he wanted to test abbey . 
 he wanted to see if she gravitated to the moneyed nick delaware . 
 if she began flirting with a little jerk like vane then he 'd have his answer . 
 and he 'd get out of her life forever . 
 chapter 9 `` are you nuts ? '' 
 lucy 's shouted . 
 `` possibly , '' said abbey . 
 `` but i do n't want a lecture . '' 
 they were in lucy 's office , facing each other across the desk . 
 `` so you 're going ? '' 
 abbey nodded . 
 `` why not ? 
 like tarken said , it 's a good opportunity to network . 
 i need a job , lucy . '' 
 `` yes , but there 's other ways of getting jobs that do n't involve seeing that vane creep again . '' 
 `` he 's many things , but a creep is not one of them . 
 besides , it 'd be good to get some closure on our relationship . '' 
 lucy threw her hands in the air . 
 `` closure . 
 that 's a pathetic excuse . 
 you just want to go to bed with him one last time . 
 and then where will you be ? 
 sobbing in my apartment , that 's where , because you 've fallen in love with a creep . '' 
 `` he 's not a creep and i 'm not in love . '' 
 she hoped not anyway . 
 `` besides , i deserve some good sex . 
 i need some good sex . 
 something tells me i 'm not going to get it for a while after damien leaves town . '' 
 lucy looked like she was about to make a smart ass comment when the phone rang . 
 she picked it up . 
 `` vane ? 
 what do you want ? '' 
 abbey straightened . 
 lucy thrust the phone at her and she drew in a deep breath . 
 `` abbey , '' said damien on the other end . 
 `` how are you ? '' 
 `` fine , thanks . '' 
 abbey winced . 
 this was way too formal for two people who 'd had great sex together several times over the last few days . 
 `` look , there 's a cocktail party tonight for seminar attendees , and i was wondering if you 'd like to come . '' 
 abbey could n't help smiling . 
 this was going to be one hell of a cocktail party . 
 `` okay , '' she said . 
 there was a pause at the other end of the line . 
 `` okay ? 
 really ? 
 you 'll come ? '' 
 the incredulity in his voice was unmistakable . 
 no doubt he was expecting her to tell him where he could stick his cocktail party . 
 maybe she should have made it more difficult for him , given him a chance to use the speech he 'd probably prepared . 
 abbey decided it was best to play fair and give him a fighting chance . 
 she came clean . 
 `` tarken 's already asked me . 
 i thought perhaps you and i could ... talk . '' 
 a pause . 
 `` okay . 
 we can talk . '' 
 abbey hung up . 
 lucy was glaring at her , arms crossed under her br ** sts . 
 `` abbey , '' she warned , `` is this a good idea ? 
 you like this guy too much and he 's going to break your heart . 
 i can feel it . '' 
 `` relax , lucy , and let me handle it my way . '' 
 lucy rolled her eyes . 
 the phone rang again and she picked it up . 
 `` mrs. vane . 
 oh great , you got them . '' 
 there was a pause as lucy listened to the voice on the other end . 
 when her jaw dropped and her face slowly changed color from puce to pallid , abbey knew something was wrong . 
 the conversation ended abruptly with lucy barely managing to say goodbye . 
 she slammed down the phone and her face returned to a bright , brilliant red . 
 she was furious . 
 `` that son of a bitch ! '' 
 `` who ? 
 what 's going on ? 
 tell me ! '' 
 lucy stomped from one side of the room to the other , hands on hips , steam rising from her ears . 
 `` i 've changed my mind . 
 you should go to that seminar , and i think you should kill him . '' 
 `` who ? 
 damien ? '' 
 `` no ! 
 yes ! '' 
 lucy ran a hand through her short blond hair and continued storming across her office floor . 
 abbey stood in lucy 's way and placed her hands on her shoulders . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 lucy huffed and puffed some more then said , `` mrs. vane received the photos . 
 it 's not damien vane ! '' 
 abbey 's heart leapt then dove . 
 she shook her head because it suddenly felt full of cobwebs . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 the guy i slept with was n't damien ? '' 
 lucy nodded . 
 `` exactly . 
 it 's his boss , nick delaware , the ceo of software solutions . 
 some rich investor from sydney with a finger in every pie . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 abbey sat down heavily on the edge of the desk . 
 `` so why was he pretending to be damien vane ? '' 
 lucy shrugged . 
 `` she did n't know . '' 
 `` so where 's the real vane ? '' 
 lucy shrugged again . 
 `` she did n't know that either . '' 
 `` oh my god . '' 
 abbey let out a long breath . 
 `` what the hell is going on ? '' 
 it felt like a cold lump of ice had settled in her stomach . 
 `` and why the hell did n't he tell me who he really was ? '' 
 `` because he 's a bastard , '' said lucy , putting an arm around her friend . 
 `` he 's worse than vane . 
 he 's a liar and a sleaze . '' 
 `` well , we do n't actually know that he 's a sleaze now . '' 
 `` he slept with you straight away , did n't he ? '' 
 abbey shrugged . 
 it was true but she 'd mostly contributed to that part . 
 did that make her a sleaze too ? 
 whatever she was , one thing was clear . 
 this guy , nick delaware , was a liar , plain and simple . 
 he could 've made her life a lot easier over the last few days if he 'd just told her his name was n't damien vane . 
 she would n't have immediately assumed he was married or a womanizer for a start , saving her from the terrible feeling that had closed around her heart a few days ago and had n't budged since . 
 it might also have meant they could 've parted on better terms instead of the way they 'd parted yesterday-angry and hurt . 
 then again , maybe delaware was just like vane . 
 married and just out for a good time while his wife 's back was turned . 
 why else would he have lied ? 
 why else would he have slept with her without so much as a `` nice to meet you '' ? 
 abbey gripped the edge of the desk , her fingernails tearing at the wood . 
 `` give me the phone , '' she said through clenched teeth . 
 lucy held up both her hands , palms outwards , pleading . 
 `` i do n't think you should call him , abbey . 
 just let him go . 
 he 's not worth it . '' 
 a smile crept across lucy 's face . 
 `` or you should teach him a lesson at this party tonight . '' 
 abbey nodded slowly , her brain still trying to come to grips with the new information and the possibilities of that suggestion . 
 `` yes . 
 i think he needs to be taught a lesson . '' 
 lucy grinned . 
 `` great . 
 how ? '' 
 abbey sighed . 
 `` i have no idea . '' 
 lucy 's grin widened into a wicked smirk . 
 `` i think i have a few . '' 
 *** abbey wore a short electric blue dress with tiny straps . 
 it fitted her snugly around her br ** sts and waist , then flipped out with a flirty skirt that skimmed her mid-thigh and set off the movement of her behind perfectly . 
 so lucy had said anyway when she picked it off a sales rack at myer . 
 abbey had a matching bag and shoes and she wore her hair long in gentle waves past her shoulders . 
 when she checked herself in the mirror before she left , she had to admit she looked good . 
 `` are you kidding ! 
 you look stunning , '' lucy had said . 
 tarken agreed . 
 at least , the drool dripping from his lower lip implied that he did . 
 `` wow , '' was all he said . 
 `` how come you never dressed like that for me when we were dating ? '' 
 abbey rolled her eyes at lucy who flashed her a hundred-watt grin . 
 they hugged and locked up abbey 's apartment . 
 lucy hopped into her convertible and sped off . 
 abbey slid into the front seat of tarken 's sleek sports car . 
 she spent the next fifteen minutes dragging his hand off her thigh at every set of red lights . 
 `` why do n't you come back and work for me , '' said tarken as he drove slowly around looking for a car park . 
 `` because you 're a rat , and i can get another job . 
 a better one . '' 
 `` i 'll give you ten thousand extra . '' 
 abbey scoffed . 
 `` you 'd have to do a lot better than that . '' 
 he pulled into valet parking at the crown complex . 
 `` twenty thousand . '' 
 abbey stifled a gasp . 
 `` that 's a lot of money . 
 goldstein would n't allow it . '' 
 `` i can deal with goldstein . '' 
 yeah sure . 
 tarken had n't dealt with goldstein in the four years she 'd been his personal assistant , she saw no reason why he 'd start now . 
 she refused him and he shrugged . 
 `` suit yourself . 
 we 'll talk again in two weeks . 
 i doubt you 'll have found anything as good as jjc by then . '' 
 abbey swallowed her rising anger . 
 switching her attention from tarken 's proposal to the evening at hand , she got out of the car and took a deep breath . 
 she could do this . 
 she had to . 
 she still did n't have a clue what her plan was , but abbey knew it did involve making nick delaware realize what he was missing . 
 that was what the dress and the makeup were for . 
 what happened after he 'd realized what he was missing was anyone 's guess . 
 she had n't decided whether to confront him with what she knew , or whether to let him play out his little game and deny him what he wanted-which she hoped would be her . 
 the denying part was the weakest link in the plan . 
 inside , the room was filled with men in dark suits and women in cocktail dresses . 
 at least she would n't feel out of place and would blend right in . 
 wrong . 
 heads turned as she walked passed . 
 she heard a few murmurs , saw a few jaws drop and suddenly she wished she 'd worn a dress that was n't so tight fitting or at least had a back to it . 
 the only person who seemed to be enjoying the grand entrance was tarken . 
 his arm tightened around her waist and abbey was too embarrassed to make him let go . 
 she 'd wait until everyone turned around again then she 'd order him to lay off . 
 tarken nodded to a few people he recognized and abbey was surprised to see a few faces she knew too . 
 mostly people from other pharmaceutical companies who must also be considering new software on demonstration at the seminar . 
 she nodded and smiled and expected tarken to stop and talk , but he continued on . 
 a waiter handed them a drink of champagne and abbey took a sip . 
 tarken ignored him and pushed through the crowd . 
 he glanced around the room , scanning the faces , looking for someone . 
 delaware . 
 it was the same face she was looking for . 
 a gorgeous , dark face with eyes that could be black with anger or warm and soft with desire , and a mouth that twitched sexily when he laughed at her jokes . 
 she drew in a deep breath and ordered her heart to stop beating so fast . 
 it did n't listen . 
 the crowd parted ahead and abbey suddenly wanted to turn and run . 
 the man she now knew to be nick delaware was chatting with a group of people . 
 he stopped when he spotted her and the look in his eyes told abbey he liked what he saw . 
 more than liked-he wanted her . 
 the muscle jumping in his jaw was a dead giveaway . 
 `` damien , '' said tarken . 
 abbey cringed . 
 he 'd turned on his saccharine-sweet tone . 
 `` so good to see you again . 
 i believe you 've met my girlfriend , abbey . '' 
 `` i 'm not your girlfriend , tarken , '' she said through gritted teeth . 
 nick looked like he was trying not to smile . 
 damn . 
 `` yes , we 've met . '' 
 nick 's voice was luxurious velvet and his eyes , fringed with black lashes , sparkled at her . 
 he took abbey 's hand and for a moment she thought he was going to kiss it , but he just shook it . 
 she smiled weakly , suddenly wishing she could sit down . 
 this was n't how it was supposed to be . 
 she was supposed to seduce him , not the other way round . 
 nick 's eyes moved from her face and traveled the length of her body all the way to her toes . 
 she heard him suck in a breath before glancing away . 
 good . 
 she had him , hook , line and sinker . 
 he wanted her . 
 tarken coughed nervously and pulled abbey into him , his fingers curling possessively around her waist . 
 she unclasped his grip and stepped away . 
 tarken was not part of her plan . 
 she did n't think nick would be jealous of the little wimp . 
 no , if she was going to make nick jealous then she needed a better target . 
 someone just as good looking as nick . 
 making him jealous was the only way she could make him suffer . 
 then , when he was insane with jealousy , she 'd tell him she knew all about his lie . 
 then she 'd walk away . 
 she scanned the immediate faces and there was only one that would fit the bill . 
 he was tanned , although not as dark as nick , and quite good looking , but he did n't have the smoldering eyes or the high cheekbones and sexy lips of nick . 
 okay , so he was n't a patch on nick , but he was good looking in the classic sense . 
 and he was a better option than tarken . 
 the man seemed to sense her looking at him and he glanced up from the woman he was standing very close to . 
 within seconds he 'd made his apologies and was introducing himself to abbey , completely ignoring tarken and nick . 
 `` hello , '' he said taking abbey 's hand . 
 unlike nick , he did kiss the back of her hand . 
 `` i 'm nick delaware . 
 i own software solutions . '' 
 abbey did n't know whether to laugh out loud or slap him across the cheek for lying to her as well . 
 this was getting ridiculous . 
 why was this man pretending to be nick while nick was pretending to be damien ? 
 whatever their reason , it meant he was probably the real damien vane . 
 abbey glanced at the real nick , her nick , who was standing calmly by , watching the charade play out in front of him . 
 he seemed disinterested , sipping from a champagne flute , his eyes lowered . 
 no , not entirely true . 
 he was watching them through his lashes and his lips had formed into a tight line as he stared at the hand that was now caressing abbey 's . 
 he was studying her reaction to the fake nick like a hawk watches its prey just before it attacks . 
 damn him ! 
 what game was he playing ? 
 why all this duplicity ? 
 abbey returned her attention to the fake nick , still fawning over her hand . 
 she became aware that tarken was hovering very closely by , but she doubted it had anything to do with his jealousy , and everything to do with who he thought this guy was - a wealthy tycoon who could buy him twenty times over . 
 `` so you see , '' the real damien vane was saying as he held her hand , `` that it 's lucky i 've got such good employees like damien here , to entrust the company to . 
 i 'm just far too busy to go to all these things . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 busy doing what , mr. delaware ? '' 
 he smiled , not an unpleasant smile , if you like snakes . 
 `` oh , flying around the world , closing business deals . 
 i was in new york this week . 
 very nice city . 
 have you been there ? '' 
 abbey shook her head and glanced at nick out of the corner of her eye . 
 he was unmoving , still watching her surreptitiously with damien . 
 fine , she could do this . 
 she turned her full attention to damien and smiled her most dazzling smile . 
 `` i 'd love to go to new york , mr. delaware , please tell me about it . '' 
 she took another sip of her champagne and tried to relax a little . 
 it was difficult with vane still holding her hand , tarken breathing over her shoulder trying to attract his attention , and nick watching them all through lowered lashes . 
 why did n't he say something ? 
 why did n't he come over and try to get this ass ** le away from her ? 
 could n't he tell she found him repulsive ? 
 perhaps not-she was doing a good job of pretending to like him by nodding and laughing at his pathetic jokes . 
 okay , so maybe he could n't tell that she thought damien was a dog turd , but nick should at least be seething with jealousy about now . 
 in her fantasy , he 'd be so jealous , he 'd march over , force her to go with him , probably to his hotel room , and make wild , passionate love to her . 
 bad idea , abbey . 
 do n't think about the wild passionate love , just concentrate on the getting-him-jealous part . 
 she straightened , threw out her br ** sts , heard both tarken and vane suck in deep breaths , and placed her hand on vane 's arm . 
 she steered him off to one side so their conversation became private although she was still within view of nick . 
 he drained his glass of champagne and retrieved another from a passing waiter . 
 she did the same when the waiter passed her . 
 a man and woman had approached nick and he appeared to be lost in social chit chat with them , but she was sure he was glancing her way every now and again . 
 almost sure . 
 the real damien was saying something to her . 
 something about log cabins in the mountains . 
 she smiled , nodded , and tried to concentrate on the conversation when all she wanted to do was watch the real nick . 
 and kiss him , run her hand across his hard muscle , down to his full erection ... damien 's hand moved from her arm to her waist . 
 abbey let out a small yelp , but instead of following her instincts and moving away , she leaned into him slightly . 
 the man smelled of beer and cheap cologne . 
 she hid a grimace with a grin and tried to ignore the sick feeling in her stomach . 
 *** nick 's gut churned as abbey smiled that fabulous smile at vane . 
 then everything in him tightened when vane put his arm around her and whispered in her ear . 
 she did n't move away . 
 damn it , she actually leaned into him ! 
 he clutched his glass and swallowed another mouthful . 
 he did n't have a clue what his companions were saying and eventually they must have grown bored with his lack of conversation because they moved away . 
 unfortunately they were replaced by tarken . 
 `` look at those two , '' said tarken . 
 `` ca n't keep their hands off each other . 
 makes me sick . '' 
 tarken probably thought that , as men scorned by abbey , they had something in common now , making them comrades-in-arms . 
 nick 's grip tightened around his glass as he imagined it being tarken 's throat . 
 then vane 's . 
 `` how could you work for such a scumbag ? '' 
 tarken shook his head . 
 `` i thought abbey had a little more self respect than to go for that type . 
 he 's obviously a sleaze . '' 
 `` maybe she likes that type , '' growled nick , ripping his eyes away from abbey and damien . 
 the view was killing him . 
 `` if she did then she 'd still be with me . 
 no , there 's something odd going on . 
 i can tell , she hates the guy but she 's trying to flirt with him . '' 
 he sniggered . 
 `` she 's not very good at it , is she ? '' 
 nick 's gaze flew back to abbey . 
 was she only pretending to flirt with vane ? 
 her body leaned into his , she smiled as she looked up into his eyes . 
 `` seems to be enjoying herself from what i can see , '' he said . 
 `` you do n't know her as well as i do . '' 
 nick suddenly felt very cold , despite the heat . 
 the truth in that statement stung . 
 `` well , this has been a waste of my time , '' tarken said . 
 `` abbey dumps me for that bloke just because he 's got more dollars than sense and here i thought she liked you . '' 
 tarken shook his head . 
 `` women ! 
 i do n't understand them . '' 
 nick nodded . 
 he had to agree with that . 
 but what tarken said ate at his gut . 
 more dollars than sense . 
 abbey might not like damien but she was willing to put up with an awful lot just because he was loaded . 
 actually he was n't , he , nick was , but he was damned if he was going to tell abbey that . 
 or maybe he would , right before he said goodbye . 
 it would be fitting justice to see her face as she realized her mistake . 
 nick swallowed another mouthful of his champagne and glanced around the room , everywhere except at abbey . 
 he wondered how long he needed to stay at this thing until he could leave . 
 but he knew he would n't leave . 
 not until abbey did . 
 it would kill him not knowing what she did with damien . 
 if she left with him . 
 from the way they were leaning into each other , he was fairly sure-sickeningly sure-that she would . 
 fifteen minutes later , abbey swayed over to him . 
 she was a little blurry , but he put that down to the dim lights . 
 one thing he could tell , she was beautiful . 
 that dress just enhanced her curves , her small waist , her pert br ** sts . 
 he imagined getting her out of it , letting his hand move down her bare back to the zip at her ass . 
 he could almost feel her naked bottom in his hands , her breast in his mouth . 
 he drew in a deep , ragged breath as she approached . 
 had she finally realized what a bore vane was ? 
 no , he was trailing behind her . 
 she held his hand , as the creep stared at her ass . 
 nick wanted to throw up . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` outside , '' she said . 
 `` back to the hotel , '' said vane at the same time . 
 `` why ? '' 
 growled nick . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 he glanced from vane to abbey . 
 `` do n't go , '' he whispered desperately . 
 he thought he saw something flicker in her bright blue eyes . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 she whispered back . 
 he shook his head . 
 it felt dizzy , clouded . 
 `` nothing . 
 go . 
 what you do is none of my business . '' 
 he was almost sure her smile was more of a wince , but he could n't tell . 
 maybe it was just wishful thinking . 
 damien 's hand snaked around her waist . 
 nick took another mouthful of whatever was in his glass . 
 `` we 're going , '' said vane . 
 `` see you in the office on monday , vane . '' 
 nick thought about admitting everything as he watched them walk away , vane 's arm around abbey . 
 he thought about running after them , spinning abbey around to face him , taking her in his arms and kissing her long and deep and telling her that he was the real nick delaware and he was loaded . 
 then he reminded himself he did n't want a gold digger on his hands . 
 with a deep sigh , he ran his hand through his hair and drained his glass . 
 he turned away and suddenly he felt weak in the knees . 
 he glanced around for a seat and spotted one near tarken . 
 what the hell . 
 at least the guy was in love with abbey too . 
 just like him . 
 just like him . 
 chapter 10 abbey bit her lip . 
 sleeping with damien vane , the real one , was n't supposed to be part of her plan tonight . 
 making nick jealous was , but she was n't even sure she 'd achieved that . 
 the arm snaked around her waist was beginning to make her feel sick , especially as it was directing her to le meridian . 
 she wondered if it would be impolite to extricate herself and say goodbye now . 
 probably , but she was beyond caring about this man 's feelings . 
 his fingers seemed to find their way to her ass on a frequent basis . 
 since nick was n't around anymore to see , she had no reason to keep the charade going . 
 she held out a hand to hail a passing taxi . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 vane asked , grabbing her waist tighter . 
 `` home . 
 i 'm tired . 
 thanks for a , uh , nice evening . '' 
 vane looked like a child denied dessert . 
 `` but i thought that you were ... i mean that maybe we could have a drink first . '' 
 abbey feigned a yawn . 
 `` i 'm very tired . '' 
 vane frowned , then his face suddenly brightened . 
 `` i have a secret to tell you , '' he said . 
 `` something to do with me and vane . '' 
 abbey stepped away from the curb and the approaching taxi . 
 `` go on . '' 
 `` come upstairs with me and i 'll tell you there . '' 
 abbey doubted he would tell her anything but her curiosity was getting the better of her . 
 maybe she could go upstairs and see what he had to say while stopping him from clawing at her body . 
 it might be completely insane to go to this guy 's room-it probably was-but she had a burning desire to find out why nick was lying to her . 
 she wanted to know what was going on . 
 she needed to know , more than anything else right now . 
 she drew in a deep breath and nodded . 
 she hoped she was n't about to make a huge mistake . 
 how sleazy was this guy anyway ? 
 surely nick would n't have let her leave with a homicidal maniac . 
 his room was on the floor below nick 's and was n't as large . 
 he closed the door behind abbey and pushed her back against it . 
 he kissed her . 
 repulsed , she placed both hands to his chest and shoved him away . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he cried . 
 `` do n't play hard to get now . '' 
 `` i 'm not playing anything with you , vane , especially anything that involves us having to touch . '' 
 `` awe , now come on , babe . '' 
 she jabbed a finger into his chest . 
 `` do n't call me babe . 
 i 'm not your babe . '' 
 she drew in a deep breath and crossed her arms . 
 she was n't moving from the door . 
 at least with her back to it he could n't get his arms around her and grope her rear like he 'd been doing all the way to the hotel . 
 `` hey , '' he said , frowning . 
 `` you called me vane . 
 i 'm nick delaware remember . '' 
 he leaned in as if to kiss her . 
 `` silly girl . '' 
 `` do n't give me that crap . 
 i know who you are . 
 what i want to know is why the secrecy ? '' 
 vane shifted his weight and chewed on his lower lip . 
 `` how long have you known ? '' 
 `` since this afternoon . '' 
 `` so why the big charade at the party ? '' 
 `` you tell me . 
 you and the real nick delaware seemed to have concocted some elaborate scheme to trick me . 
 i want to know why . 
 i want to know what 's going on , and you 'd better tell me . 
 now ! '' 
 vane held his palms up , defensive . 
 `` beats me . 
 you should ask him , he 's the boss . 
 he does n't let me in on his reasons . 
 although i do know it has something to do with a woman . 
 i assume that woman is you . '' 
 abbey blew out a breath . 
 so she was right . 
 nick was trying to fool her for some reason . 
 damn him . 
 what was he playing at ? 
 `` looks like his plan backfired though , '' said vane , suddenly grinning . 
 `` what makes you say that ? '' 
 vane placed both hands against the door , one on either side of abbey 's head . 
 `` you 're here with me are n't you ? 
 something tells me that was n't part of his plan . '' 
 she shrunk away from him . 
 `` are n't you worried about losing your job ? '' 
 `` he 's already fired me , so i do n't think it matters if i sleep with his girlfriend . '' 
 `` i 'm not his girlfriend . '' 
 `` then why did he drink himself into oblivion while watching us ? 
 looked like jealousy to me . '' 
 abbey shrugged in a way she hoped was casual , although her heart had skipped several beats . 
 nick was jealous ? 
 `` maybe he was just enjoying the free champagne . '' 
 vane shook his head . 
 `` i 've never seen delaware drink so much before . 
 it 's not in his nature . 
 he likes to be in control and that means staying sober . '' 
 he smirked and backed away from abbey . 
 `` i did n't think he was human until tonight . 
 you must have had quite an effect on him to get him into such a state . '' 
 abbey lowered her eyes so vane could n't see them . 
 damn . 
 this was n't supposed to happen . 
 she was n't supposed to feel sorry for nick . 
 all she wanted to do was make him jealous and then leave him . 
 forever . 
 she 'd achieved the jealous part it seemed . 
 so far so good . 
 then why was her heart thumping so hard ? 
 and why did the leaving part make her stomach churn ? 
 `` i have to go , '' she said . 
 suddenly all she wanted to do was find nick . 
 she opened the door and was into the corridor before vane could stop her . 
 `` hey , where are you going , babe ? '' 
 `` none of your business . 
 and i 'm not your babe . '' 
 vane chuckled . 
 `` going to find delaware ? 
 that the guy just put you through a test and you failed . 
 i do n't think he 's going to be too receptive towards you . '' 
 abbey spun round . 
 `` a test ? 
 what do you mean ? '' 
 vane shrugged . 
 `` i think that 's what this was all about . 
 he was testing you to see if you went for me thinking i was delaware . 
 you know he 's loaded . 
 he thought you were only interested in the money . '' 
 his lips curled into a grin . 
 `` guess he was wrong , since you already knew who was who and you still came back with me . '' 
 abbey 's head was spinning . 
 she turned around slowly , not really aware of what she was doing , and headed for the elevator . 
 nick had put her through a test ? 
 that 's what this was about ? 
 he thought she was only interested in him for his money ? 
 she felt ill as she pushed the button for the elevator . 
 as she waited , the illness disappeared and was replaced with the heat of anger . 
 that slime ! 
 that son of a bitch ! 
 he 'd tested her as if she were some kind of experiment . 
 he really did n't believe her when she 'd said she was n't a prostitute . 
 now he just thought she was a different kind of hooker . 
 the kind that goes after rich men and marries them for their money . 
 damn him ! 
 the elevator door opened and she stumbled blindly into it . 
 she pushed the button and rode up to the next level . 
 she stepped out into nick 's corridor and knocked on his door . 
 there was movement inside , but it took several moments before the door opened . 
 that gave abbey long enough to think about what she was going to say . 
 she 'd give nick a taste of his own medicine and teach him a lesson . 
 `` abbey ! '' 
 despite her new resolve , abbey 's heart leapt into her throat at the sight of him . 
 nick was disheveled and definitely drunk , but still looked damned sexy . 
 he 'd discarded his tie and his shirt was undone . 
 it gaped open , revealing a swathe of toned chest muscles and washboard stomach . 
 she swallowed and reminded herself why she hated nick delaware right now . 
 she tore her gaze away from his body and lifted it to his face . 
 not much better . 
 concentrate girl ! 
 nick stepped aside and she moved past him . 
 he clumsily tried to catch her arm but she shook him off . 
 `` abbey , '' he said quietly . 
 `` we need to talk . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i 've had enough of talking . '' 
 she drew in a deep breath , turned around and smiled . 
 she walked over to him and placed a hand on his chest . 
 the muscles were taught under her fingers . 
 `` i want you . '' 
 nick 's adam 's apple jumped . 
 he touched her hand and withdrew it from his chest but trapped it inside his own . 
 abbey stopped breathing . 
 `` abbey , i want to talk to you . 
 it 's important . '' 
 the last thing abbey wanted to do was talk . 
 not only was it not part of her new plan , but it was also not very possible with nick looking so delicious . 
 `` later , '' she said , husky . 
 `` there 's something i have to do first . 
 something i need to do . '' 
 she lifted her hands and linked them behind his head . 
 gently she drew him down , although he needed little encouragement . 
 they kissed , long and slow . 
 a fire burned in her belly and spread to her thighs and her ni ** les as every part of her begged to have this man inside her . 
 nick 's kisses increased in ferocity . 
 his tongue explored , hers responded , and before she knew it his hands were behind her , caressing her bare back , pulling her to him . 
 his erection was rock hard and was proof of how much he desired her . 
 his hands did n't stay long on her back . 
 they roamed to her rear , cupped her cheeks and squeezed . 
 then they moved down , brushing against her flesh at the edge of the dress . 
 his hands lifted the hem and moved upwards , slowly caressing every inch of her thighs until he reached her bottom again . 
 she was wearing a thong and when he realized this , he let out a strangled cry . 
 `` oh , abbey , '' he whispered hoarsely against her lips . 
 `` my sweet abbey . '' 
 his words and velvety voice sent a thrill through her body , puckering her skin in anticipation of what was to come . 
 she realized she 'd never wanted any man as much as she wanted nick . 
 somehow , tonight , she felt as if things were so much more intense between them . 
 so much more than just sex . 
 there was a need there , a desire that ran too deep for words . 
 get a grip , girl . 
 keep your cool . 
 but she was very far from cool . 
 her body was exploding with heat . 
 her heart thumped so hard she could hear the blood rushing in her ears . 
 nick stopped kissing her long enough to pick her up and stare into her eyes . 
 his eyes were smoky with lust and passion and something else ... need . 
 he held her to him and carried her to the couch . 
 abbey had enough of her wits still with her to shake her head and whisper , `` the bed . '' 
 he changed direction and carried her to the bedroom , all the while his eyes never leaving hers . 
 there was pain in them - pain mixed with desire - and it tore at abbey 's heart when she recognized it . 
 this was going to be harder than she thought . 
 he kissed her again as he laid her gently on the bed . 
 then his body covered hers , pinning her to the mattress . 
 his weight felt good , reassuring . 
 she pushed his shirt off his shoulders and he pulled his arms free of the sleeves . 
 she let the shirt drop to the floor then concentrated on his pants . 
 he stood , took them off together with his shorts , then gently pulled her from the bed to stand against his naked body . 
 `` i want to look at you , abbey . 
 i want to see your body . '' 
 she nodded and he reached behind her to undo the zip that started at her lower back and ended just below her bottom . 
 the dress fell away and revealed her dressed only in a black thong . 
 nick swallowed as he took a step back and let his eyes travel the length of her body . 
 somehow it did n't feel crude when he looked at her that way . 
 his gaze was admiring , like a man studying a work of art . 
 there was nothing threatening or vulgar about it . 
 abbey stood , arms calmly at her sides , and let him drink her in . 
 it was going to be his last time . 
 he took a step toward her and bent to kiss a nipple . 
 it peaked immediately and drew a deep sigh from abbey . 
 his thumb and forefinger played with the other , twisting gently until a spasm shot through her . 
 he continued nibbling at her ni ** les while his hands moved downwards , gently feeling every inch of bare skin between breast and the triangle of dark curls . 
 she quivered before he even reached the spot that sent hot rushes through her . 
 he rubbed and the quivering intensified . 
 her fingers gripped into the muscles in his shoulders and she arched herself into him , bringing her into contact with his hard erection . 
 he jerked away . 
 `` not yet , '' he breathed . 
 damn it . 
 she wanted him badly . 
 inside her . 
 abbey tried to get him to move to the bed but he would n't budge . 
 as his fingers and tongue increased their speed she could feel herself approaching the edge . 
 she was on the brink when he pushed her gently back on the bed and entered her with one quick thrust and a grunt . 
 she closed her eyes and relished the rush of tingles and heat that swamped her , enjoying the way he felt inside her - hard and big . 
 filling her . 
 nick shifted his weight . 
 he knelt on the bed on top of her , and moved her legs so the calves rested on his shoulders , her toes pointing toward the ceiling . 
 he thrust again , and abbey 's eyes sprang open as she gasped . 
 the new angle made him feel even bigger , longer . 
 he reached a place she did n't know existed , unleashing a tide of waves crashing through her body . 
 she felt like she was burning as masses of tingles ignited her , brought her to the edge and over it . 
 her eyes locked with nick 's as she cried out . 
 they were black and glazed with need and desire . 
 she gripped his shoulders with her fingers as shudders took over her body . 
 nick threw back his head , his muscles twitched and tensed , and he let out a roar as he flowed into her . 
 exhausted , they lay together on the bed in a damp tangle of limbs and sheets . 
 nick kissed the top of abbey 's head and pulled her into his chest , mumbling something that she could n't make out . 
 abbey put her right leg between his knees , the movement an automatic one that she was only barely aware of . 
 moments later nick was asleep in her arms and she was telling herself she would activate her plan after she had a nap . 
 *** nick awoke with a headache and stiff limbs . 
 he moved his arms to feel for abbey , sweet abbey who 'd come to him finally . 
 but they would n't budge . 
 nick groaned and slowly opened his eyes . 
 he was on his bed in the hotel suite and abbey was standing at the foot of the bed . 
 naked . 
 he tried to move again to reach her , but could n't . 
 that 's when he realized he was tied to the bed . 
 a sock bound each of his wrists and the pillow cases tied his feet . 
 the bed was a four poster . 
 he was naked and spread-eagled . 
 `` abbey ! 
 abbey , what are you doing ? '' 
 he tried to get up again , struggling with the bonds , but fell back into the pillows . 
 his first instinct was to panic , but that quickly passed when he realized abbey was n't a dangerous woman , just a pissed off one . 
 she 'd made love to him only hours before , so she could n't be too angry either . 
 could she ? 
 she glared at him , hands on hips . 
 the sight of her , naked and in control sent a thrill through him . 
 he glanced down at his stirring cock . 
 abbey noticed too and smiled . 
 she came round to the side of the bed . 
 `` abbey , what 's going on ? 
 let me go , and we 'll talk about this . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but it 's the only way i could stop you from touching me . '' 
 `` why do n't you want me to touch you ? '' 
 `` because when you do i lose control . '' 
 nick could n't help smiling at that . 
 he knew the feeling . 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` so , i do want to talk to you , but i do n't want you to touch me , and i know you will . 
 and i know i 'll respond . 
 this is the only way i can say what i want to say without interruptions . '' 
 `` you 're lying . '' 
 nick could tell there was something else . 
 he could see it in the wicked glint in her eyes . 
 `` you 're going to tease me to death are n't you ? '' 
 abbey laughed . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm not going to tease you - '' `` you already are , just by standing there naked . '' 
 she frowned and picked her thong off the floor . 
 she stepped into it . 
 nick watched , mesmerized , as the tiny piece of fabric swept over her smooth legs and her soft thighs , and settled over her dark triangle to hide her most secret place from him . 
 `` stay like that , '' he said . 
 `` if you stay like that i do n't mind being tied up , honestly . '' 
 abbey 's mouth twitched , but she was already pulling her dress on . 
 nick 's breathing became shallow . 
 so this was n't about sex . 
 she really did n't want to tease him . 
 that was a problem . 
 what did she have in mind ? 
 he struggled with the bonds again but they did n't budge . 
 he let out a low growl . 
 `` this is n't funny anymore , abbey . 
 untie me . '' 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 `` you lied to me . 
 you treated me like a piece of meat . '' 
 for the first time , nick noticed that abbey 's lips had turned almost white and her face glowed with a pink flush . 
 she was angry . 
 no , she was fuming . 
 nick growled . 
 `` i 'm going to kill that little weasel , vane . '' 
 `` do n't blame him . 
 he might be a weasel , but you 're a pig , nick delaware . '' 
 nick 's eyes rolled into the back of his head . 
 so she knew . 
 `` when did you find out ? '' 
 `` when his wife recognized you in the photos . '' 
 `` you came to the party knowing who i was ? '' 
 she nodded and nick blinked at her . 
 that meant she 'd been playing him all night-she 'd known who he really was but had said nothing . 
 `` you lied to me , '' she said . 
 `` you got vane to lie to me too . 
 you 're despicable . '' 
 she stood and paced the length of the bed , then paused and glared down at him . 
 her chest heaved . 
 `` what sort of woman do you think i am , nick ? 
 oh , yes , that 's right , '' she sneered , `` you think i 'm a whore . '' 
 `` i do n't think - '' `` no , you did n't think , did you ? 
 do you have any idea how it made me feel when i found out you two were concocting a little game between yourselves to trap me ? '' 
 `` it was n't a game and i was n't trying to trap you . '' 
 `` then why the secrets ? 
 why was it so important you keep your identity from me ? '' 
 `` abbey , calm down . 
 i just wanted to know whether you liked me for who i was , or because of my money . '' 
 `` so you let me think i was sleeping with a married man with a string of mistresses , just to see if i really liked you ? 
 that 's low , nick , real low . '' 
 he had n't thought of that . 
 he had n't considered that abbey knew about vane 's past , and that it mattered to her . 
 in a way , knowing that it did matter was heartening . 
 it meant she liked him , had feelings for him , perhaps even wanted him all to herself . 
 but it also justified her anger and he did n't think his meager apology was going to make up for it . 
 `` well ? '' 
 she asked , before he could say anything . 
 `` did i pass your test ? '' 
 nick gulped . 
 abbey 's eyes flashed blue sparks at him as she stood , hands on hips , glaring down at him . 
 he felt very vulnerable . 
 it was not an emotion he liked . 
 `` abbey , this is ridiculous . 
 let me go . 
 i mean it . 
 this is n't a joke . '' 
 `` it never was a joke , nick . 
 and no , i will not let you go until you answer me . 
 did i pass your little test ? '' 
 he ground his teeth together . 
 `` of course you did . 
 you came here did n't you ? 
 we made love ... '' she crossed her arms . 
 `` after i was with vane . '' 
 nick felt like his intestines had been tied into a knot and someone was pulling the ends . 
 his head dropped back onto the pillows and he groaned . 
 damn vane . 
 and damn abbey . 
 she could go to hell for all he cared . 
 she 'd slept with vane . 
 she 'd actually slept with that slimy snake , just to get back at him for lying . 
 the thought made him sick . 
 he drew in several shallow breaths and focused on a spot on the ceiling . 
 it did n't help . 
 he was going to throw up . 
 no , he was n't , he just wanted to . 
 he wanted to get the taste of abbey off his lips and out of his system . 
 how could she have slept with vane after all that had passed between them ? 
 had she done it just to get back at him ? 
 he closed his eyes and heard her breathing suddenly become labored . 
 then he heard a sob . 
 he opened his eyes again and glanced up at her . 
 she stood beside him , her face in her hands . 
 the sight was painful and he was glad he was tied up so he could n't comfort her like his instincts wanted to . 
 no , she needed to regret what she 'd done . 
 she needed to know she 'd made the wrong decision by sleeping with vane . 
 he wanted her to suffer the way he was suffering . 
 but his instincts pulled hard . 
 he tried to move but his tight bonds prevented him . 
 trapped . 
 he hated not being able to do anything . 
 hated feeling useless , vulnerable . 
 `` abbey , '' he said quietly . 
 she did n't look up . 
 `` come here . 
 untie me and we 'll sort this out . '' 
 she shook her head , wiped away her tears and walked toward the door . 
 she turned , then with a toss of her hair , left . 
 `` abbey ! 
 abbey get back here ! 
 abbey ! '' 
 the door closed and nick swore until he had no energy left . 
 *** abbey sat on her couch , head in her hands , trying not to cry . 
 she did n't want lucy to think she was weak and hopeless when it came to men . 
 after ten minutes , she gave up trying to hold back the burning tears and let them pour out of her . 
 lucy would understand . 
 she knew what abbey was like anyway . 
 she heard lucy sigh , pad across her floor and felt her comforting arm around her shoulders . 
 `` why do you do this to yourself ? '' 
 lucy asked . 
 abbey shrugged . 
 she did n't have an answer to that . 
 she just figured she was genetically geared to fail where men were concerned . 
 she had a habit of picking the wrong ones , except this time it was worse . 
 she really felt like her heart had been ripped out of her body , tossed around , then put back upside down and inside out . 
 she felt awful . 
 and she had no one to blame but herself . 
 `` i let him think i slept with vane . '' 
 `` what ! 
 why ? '' 
 abbey shrugged . 
 `` it seemed like a good way to punish him at the time . '' 
 she sobbed . 
 `` and because i 'm an idiot . '' 
 lucy hugged her . 
 `` you 're not an idiot . 
 it 's probably your subconscious helping you out . '' 
 abbey withdrew her hands and looked at her friend . 
 this she had to hear . 
 `` maybe you 're really not interested in nick delaware after all and it was your subconscious telling you . 
 besides , it 's a great punishment . 
 i could n't have thought of a better one myself . '' 
 abbey returned her head to her hands and let out a low wail . 
 `` that 's the lousiest piece of advice you 've given me yet . '' 
 lucy sighed . 
 `` i know but it was the only thing i could come up with on short notice . 
 look , abbey girl , he 's gone back to sydney already . 
 unless the hotel 's housekeeper did n't arrive on time . '' 
 lucy burst out laughing . 
 abbey shed a fresh set of tears . 
 `` oh , now , i was kidding . 
 it 's just that the image of a little old woman walking in on a naked nick delaware tied to a bed is hilarious . 
 it 's exactly what he deserves . 
 imagine his humiliation ! 
 it 's fantastically funny . '' 
 `` no , it 's dreadful . 
 he must hate me . '' 
 `` probably . '' 
 `` oh , lucy , what am i going to do ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 forget about him . '' 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i think i 'm in love with him . '' 
 `` you have n't even known him a week ! 
 how can you be in love with him ? '' 
 abbey shrugged . 
 she did n't know the answer to that , but her heart told her it was true . 
 surely it would n't hurt this much if she did n't love him . 
 `` besides , it 's only been a day since you saw him - these things take time to get over . 
 give it another week or two and you 'll laugh about this . '' 
 lucy laughed . 
 `` it 's very funny . 
 i can just picture his face - '' `` do n't , please . 
 i feel like the worst woman in the world . '' 
 `` why ? 
 what did you do ? 
 he 's the one who lied . 
 he 's the one who put you through a ridiculous test . 
 he 's the one with an ego problem , not you . '' 
 `` yes , but i told him i slept with vane when i did n't . 
 now he thinks that not only was his test justified but i 'm a slut too . '' 
 `` do n't let any man call you a slut . 
 you 're not . 
 no woman is . 
 we do n't call single men names when they sleep around yet we get labeled sluts and whores when we do . 
 it 's wrong . 
 if any man called me a slut i 'd knock him down flat . '' 
 abbey almost smiled . 
 she could imagine lucy doing just that . 
 `` yes , but you did n't see the look on his face . 
 he was ... horrified . 
 i thought he was going to be sick . '' 
 abbey started a fresh bout of crying . 
 nick had looked awful when she 'd thrown him that lie . 
 something inside him just seemed to go ... slack . 
 as if he 'd been crushed . 
 as soon as she 'd said it abbey had regretted it . 
 she wanted to get nick back for lying to her , but she should have settled with tying him to the bed and leaving . 
 that at least was embarrassing and should put a severe dent in his arrogant ego when housekeeping turned up . 
 but letting him think she 'd slept with damien was unfair . 
 and it appeared to affect him more than the bondage . 
 in fact , if he did have any feelings for her , that little piece of information would drive them away . 
 he was n't likely to call her now . 
 good . 
 she did n't want him calling her . 
 she just wanted to forget about him and this entire sorry week . 
 she wanted to get on with her life . 
 `` abbey girl , let me assure you that however he looked last night , he 's going to forget about you within the week . 
 he 'll be dating some society bimbo who fawns over him and really does only want him for his money . 
 but i doubt he 'll forget the housekeeper 's face as she untied him - at least you made some impact . '' 
 she giggled again . 
 `` i wish i 'd been there . '' 
 abbey raised her head . 
 `` do you think so ? 
 do you really think he 'll forget me that quickly ? '' 
 a tear dripped down each cheek as that thought sank in . 
 maybe he would get over her easily . 
 she could n't see why not . 
 a good looking rich man like nick probably had models throwing themselves at his feet . 
 the thought made her feel ill again . 
 the phone rang and lucy picked it up . 
 she listened then put the receiver to her breast so the other person could n't hear . 
 `` it 's tarken . 
 shall i get rid of him ? '' 
 abbey hesitated . 
 the last person she wanted to speak to was tarken but she did n't want lucy to hang up on him when he knew she was there . 
 she did n't want to hurt any more feelings today . 
 she wiped her eyes . 
 `` ask him what she wants . '' 
 lucy put the phone back to her ear . 
 `` she wants to know what you want . '' 
 lucy listened , then put the phone back to her breast again . 
 she was trying hard not to laugh . 
 `` he 's at the office . 
 he says goldstein wants a report and he has n't written it yet . 
 he wants to know if you 'll go in and help him . 
 he says he 'll pay you by the hour . 
 abbey , please give me the pleasure of telling him no . '' 
 abbey nodded grimly . 
 `` be my guest . '' 
 `` the answer 's no you bucket of slime , '' lucy said into the phone . 
 `` abbey does n't want to talk to you or see your ugly face ever again . 
 got it ? '' 
 she hung up and grinned at abbey . 
 `` good girl . 
 you 're making progress where he 's concerned at least . 
 now if we can just get you to forget about nick . '' 
 abbey let out a low moan and put her head in her hands again . 
 she was n't going to be able to forget nick delaware that easily . 
 chapter 11 nick leaned back in his leather chair , linked his hands behind his head , and stared out the floor-to-ceiling window of his thirty-fourth floor office . 
 the view over the sydney harbor usually calmed him , allowing him to think clearly through meetings , negotiations and other sundry issues . 
 but today the view did nothing to relax him . 
 the sharp pain that had continued to stab at his heart since friday night was still there , hacking away . 
 friday night . 
 it was a night he 'd never forget , that was for sure . 
 but for all the wrong reasons . 
 the way abbey had looked in that blue dress , the way it hugged her figure and rose and fell in time with her heavy breathing . 
 she 'd wanted him , he could tell . 
 wanted him , yet all the time , hated him . 
 nick closed his eyes to block out the cheery blue sky and the memory of abbey on that night . 
 he did n't want to be cheery today , and he did n't want to remember abbey . 
 ever . 
 problem was , it would take a hell of a long time to forget her . 
 how could he have made so many stupid mistakes in such a short amount of time ? 
 it was n't like him . 
 he 'd never failed so perfectly as he 'd failed last week . 
 his mistakes were too numerous to count . 
 he should have told abbey who he really was . 
 it was n't like there were n't enough opportunities . 
 he should n't have called her a hooker for starters , especially to her face , and he should n't have put her through that ridiculous test . 
 and finally he should have told her he loved her . 
 that last realization had hit him so hard he could n't stop shaking . 
 on friday night the minutes had ticked by so slowly as he waited for dawn and the housekeeper , that it had given him a long time to think . 
 his anger and vulnerability had subsided , surprisingly , replaced with a tumult of other emotions and fears . 
 most of them centered over his realization that he adored abbey , and that he was afraid of losing her . 
 as he lay on top of the bed , naked and bound , he understood what it meant to be stripped of his self-control . 
 and it had nothing to do with the thought of being found like that in the morning . 
 abbey . 
 the woman with the perfect body , bright inquisitive eyes , mouth that begged to be kissed and the ability to make him laugh . 
 he groaned . 
 how could he have ever thought she was a hooker ? 
 he blew out a breath and turned back to the view . 
 what view abbey was seeing today ? 
 his phone buzzed and he picked up . 
 `` tarken pratt from jjc pharmaceuticals in melbourne for you , sir . 
 shall i put him through ? '' 
 nick thought about saying no , then changed his mind . 
 maybe tarken had some news about abbey . 
 maybe she was working for him again . 
 maybe he could repair some of the damage if he could speak to her . 
 `` delaware here , '' he said into the receiver . 
 `` ah , yes , mr. delaware , we met in melbourne last week . 
 i was the , ah , date of abbey mcpherson . '' 
 nick was about to open his mouth and tell him of course he remembered when he realized tarken still thought he was vane and vane was him . 
 abbey probably had n't bothered to inform him . 
 interesting . 
 so what did the little swine want ? 
 `` if this is about the software - '' `` no , no , nothing like that , '' tarken said . 
 `` it 's about your vp of marketing , damien vane . '' 
 `` yes . 
 go on . '' 
 `` well , i think he needs to be seriously reprimanded . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` because he behaved terribly to abbey . '' 
 nick leaned forward in his seat . 
 `` is she working for you again ? '' 
 he asked quickly . 
 `` not exactly ... '' nick sat back in his seat and passed a hand in front of his eyes . 
 `` so what 's the problem ? '' 
 `` well , he behaved in an ungentlemanly manner toward her . 
 i do n't like it . '' 
 what was this all about ? 
 did tarken want to get him into trouble because he was jealous ? 
 if that were the case , then should n't he be even more jealous of the real damien vane , pretending to be nick delaware , because he 'd whisked her away at the cocktail party ? 
 `` what about me ? '' 
 he asked , feeling like an even bigger idiot for pretending to be someone else who was pretending to be him . 
 the lies had taken on shakespearean proportions . 
 `` you approve of the way i acted towards her on friday night , but not the way vane acted during the week . 
 mind telling me why ? '' 
 tarken cleared his throat . 
 `` well , mr. delaware , now do n't get offended but i do n't think abbey was all that interested in you . '' 
 `` no ? 
 why not ? '' 
 `` i think she was just trying to make me jealous . '' 
 `` you ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 she was only pretending to flirt with you . '' 
 `` pretending ? 
 really ? 
 and vane ? '' 
 `` he 's just , well , i just do n't like the way he was watching abbey that night . 
 he also got incredibly drunk and i do n't think that 's appropriate behavior for a man in his position . '' 
 nick did n't know whether to laugh or curse him . 
 `` thank you , i 'll take that on board and deal with it accordingly . '' 
 he hung up . 
 so tarken thought abbey was n't really flirting with vane , just pretending to ? 
 he vaguely remembered tarken saying something on friday night as they watched them together . 
 but he 'd been so drunk he had n't remembered it until now . 
 could tarken be telling the truth ? 
 it was possible . 
 so she was only pretending to flirt with the real vane to make them jealous . 
 no , not them , him , nick . 
 tarken knew it and was worried about the competition , hence the phone call to get him fired and out of the picture . 
 slimy little weed . 
 if only nick had taken more notice on friday night and had n't got drunk he might be able to determine if tarken spoke the truth now . 
 but it was too late to think about what-ifs . 
 abbey was in melbourne and he was in sydney . 
 their paths were unlikely to cross again . 
 in a few days or weeks he 'd be over her and this whole sorry episode would be forgotten . 
 damn he hoped so , because he could n't go on like this . 
 he needed to regain some control over his life again . 
 he felt like he 'd been free falling without a parachute . 
 nick laughed quietly to himself . 
 he imagined tarken reading about vane leaving software solutions in the business pages of the newspapers . 
 he 'd probably think it was because of what he said . 
 nick wondered if they 'd print a photograph . 
 maybe he should send one in to the papers , just to confuse tarken . 
 but that would n't help his company 's business prospects in melbourne with hundreds of seminar attendees who 'd also wonder at the difference . 
 there was a knock on nick 's door and his personal assistant popped her head around . 
 `` can i get you some lunch , sir ? '' 
 asked the middle-aged blonde . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no thanks , beverly . 
 i 'm not hungry . '' 
 beverly 's face fell . 
 `` but you have n't eaten anything all day . 
 usually you have breakfast , and at least three cups of coffee by now - '' `` i appreciate your concern , but i 'm really not hungry . '' 
 she attempted a smile . 
 `` sure . 
 what about those appointments you cancelled this morning ? 
 can i reschedule them yet ? '' 
 `` i do n't know when i 'll be able to fit them in . 
 you 'd better cancel all of this afternoon 's and tomorrow 's meetings too . '' 
 `` b , but , sir , that 's a lot of appointments . '' 
 `` just do it , '' he snapped . 
 she bobbed her head and closed the door . 
 nick closed his eyes , immediately regretting his tone . 
 she was the best secretary he 'd had and she did n't deserve to be spoken to like that . 
 he would apologize to her later when he 'd calmed down . 
 he spun round to look out the window again . 
 the smog had settled in over sydney , a brown sludge that stretched to the horizon in all directions . 
 he sighed and wondered if he should maybe take a few days off . 
 he did n't feel like dealing with the staff , clients and business proposals . 
 but he rejected that idea just as quickly . 
 going away by himself suddenly seemed dull . 
 only a week ago he would have jumped at the chance to go to his house in the blue mountains and relax for a while , but now he could n't see the point . 
 damn it , this was all abbey 's fault . 
 he sighed . 
 who was he kidding ? 
 it was n't her fault it was his . 
 he ruined everything right from the first moment he met her . 
 he wished he could do it all again - he 'd change the way he 'd handled everything . 
 he glared at the phone . 
 he still had lucy 's office number written on a piece of paper in the pocket of his suit jacket . 
 maybe he could call her . 
 maybe abbey would be there and he could talk to her . 
 if she was n't , he could just ask after her , check to see if she was all right . 
 he reached for the phone , picked it up , then slammed it down again . 
 the woman had slept with vane ! 
 nick might have been to blame for most of this mess but the image of her with vane was way too much . 
 he tapped his forehead on the desk and groaned . 
 she 'd slept with vane and it was all his fault . 
 he heard the door to his office click open . 
 `` oh , my goodness , sir , are you ill ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 go away . '' 
 he heard beverly hesitate before the door clicked closed again . 
 `` damn women , '' he muttered to the empty room . 
 *** abbey wandered aimlessly around her apartment . 
 she tried to eat an apple but threw it away after one bite . 
 she was n't hungry . 
 she turned on the television but the daytime programs were dull . 
 she opened the doors to the balcony and sat in a deck chair , opened her book and tried to read . 
 she closed it again with the bookmark on the same page . 
 maybe she should try to get more sleep . 
 she 'd barely slept a wink all week and she felt like a zombie . 
 she went inside , lay on the bed , and images of nick delaware floated in front of her closed lids . 
 she groaned and got up again . 
 she opened the employment section of the papers and tried to concentrate . 
 she could contact a few agencies , mail off her resume . 
 for the hundredth time she went over the events of friday night and came to the same conclusion she 'd come to every time - she was a fool for letting nick think she 'd slept with vane . 
 then she changed her mind again and decided she was better off without a lying cheat like nick , then she changed her mind back again and lamented everything about her sorry situation . 
 when the phone rang , she snatched at it , half hoping it would be nick . 
 `` abbey mcpherson ? '' 
 the voice sounded familiar . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` it 's john goldstein here . 
 i want to talk to you about your position at jjc pharmaceuticals . '' 
 abbey sat up straight and listened to what goldstein had to say . 
 half an hour later she was dressed in a navy blue suit and crisp white shirt . 
 she got into her car , switched the air conditioning on high and turned up the volume on her radio . 
 she smiled to herself despite the lingering misery in her gut . 
 she deserved this . 
 she deserved to get something after all the crap of last week . 
 part of her felt sorry for tarken though . 
 he did n't deserve to lose his job . 
 on second thought , he did deserve it . 
 he 'd never been able to run that office . 
 abbey had done everything for him . 
 thank goodness goldstein recognized that and wanted her back-as the office manager . 
 she hoped tarken was n't still there . 
 it could get awkward between them when he learned she was his replacement . 
 fifteen minutes later she strolled into the city office . 
 the first thing she heard was tarken shouting . 
 the second thing was melinda crying . 
 abbey walked in , back straight , chin up and stared tarken straight in the eye . 
 `` is there anything i need to know before you leave ? '' 
 she asked . 
 tarken 's jaw dropped open . 
 `` you 're going to run the office ? '' 
 `` goldstein did n't tell you ? 
 how remiss of him . '' 
 `` get goldstein on the phone now , '' shouted tarken . 
 no one moved . 
 he picked up the phone himself , dialed , said a few harsh words to goldstein that included several expletives . 
 then he listened and finally he handed the phone to abbey . 
 `` he wants to talk to you , '' he said levelly . 
 abbey took the phone and watched as a deflated tarken opened the door and left , slamming it behind him . 
 `` yes , mr. goldstein ? '' 
 `` your first priority is to close the deal on the software . 
 i want it installed before june . '' 
 `` yes , mr. goldstein . '' 
 abbey hung up , smiled reassuringly at the stunned staff around her , and entered tarken 's office . 
 her office . 
 she closed the door and slumped into the chair . 
 incredible . 
 a totally new career without even searching for it . 
 it would involve enormous amounts of responsibility and a lot of hard work . 
 all these things flittered through abbey 's mind , but one thing stuck with her above all others . 
 new software meant contacting software solutions . 
 and that meant speaking to nick again . 
 she did n't know whether to laugh or cry . 
 *** a month later nick paced the length of his office trying to work off his excess energy . 
 he was up to his fifth cup of coffee and it was n't even lunchtime . 
 a month of carefully piecing his self-respect together again and all shattered by a letter of intent to purchase from jjc pharmaceuticals . 
 he really did n't know why he was so nervous . 
 it was only that fool tarken after all . 
 it 's just that he was his only link to abbey . 
 whether tarken still saw abbey or knew what she was up to did n't really matter . 
 he knew her and the thought that he might have news about her was enough to shatter nick 's concentration . 
 and more than anything , nick wanted to hear about her . 
 he wanted to know what she was up to , how she was going . 
 if she had a boyfriend . 
 okay , maybe he should n't ask tarken-the answer might not be something he wanted to hear . 
 he stopped pacing . 
 what was he thinking ? 
 he should n't be this nervous over a meeting with a jerk like tarken . 
 he could run rings around him . 
 by the end of the day , he 'd have tarken eating out of the palm of his hand . 
 it 's just that thinking about tarken brought back memories of abbey . 
 for a month he 'd nearly called her every single night-or called lucy 's office . 
 by day he was in control around the office . 
 then he 'd go home , pick up the phone before slamming it down again , angry at her and angry at himself for letting his barriers down again so easily . 
 every night he 'd get to bed early because he was exhausted , but by two he 'd get up again because he could n't sleep . 
 it was always the same . 
 no wonder beverly told him looked terrible . 
 the door to his office opened and beverly 's fluffy blonde head popped around the corner . 
 she had a notepad and pen . 
 `` what did you same this man 's name is again ? 
 pratt ? '' 
 `` pratt . 
 and donaldson , jjc 's head of i.t. '' beverly made a note then glanced up . 
 `` can i get you anything ? '' 
 `` another cup of coffee . '' 
 `` i think you 've had enough . 
 one more cup and you 'll be bouncing off the walls . '' 
 `` black , one sugar , '' he growled . 
 beverly sighed and nodded . 
 `` and beverly , is everything set up ? '' 
 she nodded again . 
 `` i 've booked them rooms at the plaza just in case this goes into tomorrow . '' 
 she closed the door and nick continued his pacing . 
 he hoped it did n't go into tomorrow . 
 he could n't stand seeing tarken 's slimy face two days in a row . 
 *** abbey listened to donaldson 's techno-babble for most of the flight but ten minutes before landing in sydney , she tuned out . 
 she could n't help it . 
 no matter how hard she concentrated , her mind just would n't focus . 
 all she could think about was nick , and that she would be seeing him again soon . 
 did he even know he was about to see her ? 
 did he know that tarken was no longer in charge of jjc 's melbourne office ? 
 she was n't entirely sure . 
 she 'd kept out of the deal until now , leaving it to donaldson to discuss details with software solutions ' new vp of marketing and tech gurus . 
 now that it was decision making time , she 'd become involved in the number crunching . 
 she had n't spoken to nick . 
 this meeting would be the first opportunity . 
 from what she 'd heard of nick delaware in the last month , he was ruthless in business and always researched potential clients thoroughly . 
 which meant he probably knew she was in charge of jjc . 
 so how was he feeling right now ? 
 hopefully as nervous as her . 
 it was the least he deserved . 
 abbey wiped her palms on the plane 's seat and took another deep breath . 
 as the plane taxied to a halt at sydney airport she swallowed , blew out a breath , then wiped her hand across her eyes . 
 this was not going to be easy . 
 get a grip , abbey . 
 you can do this . 
 she was n't here to start something with nick all over again , she was here to do a deal on behalf of jjc . 
 it was important to her new career . 
 it was her first major project and she needed to succeed . 
 lucy 's words sprang to mind . 
 `` screw him , '' she 'd said . 
 `` what ? 
 i thought you said i should n't get involved with him again . '' 
 `` no , i mean screw him on price . 
 tell him you 'll do whatever he wants if he gives you a discount on the software . '' 
 `` i 'm not going to do that ! 
 if he did n't think i was a whore before then he would if i said that . '' 
 lucy had shrugged . 
 `` okay , then just make him want you really bad so he 'll agree to everything . 
 even if he does n't , just make him want you . 
 it 'd be fun to see him squirm . 
 wish i could be there . '' 
 `` then you can take my place because i do n't want to go . '' 
 that was n't entirely true either . 
 she wanted very much to see nick again , despite her denial . 
 she knew it . 
 her body with its hot tingles told her so . 
 this meeting was going to be unbearable . 
 an hour later , abbey and donaldson waited in the foyer of software solutions . 
 a middle-aged woman with blonde hair and too much makeup walked toward them . 
 she introduced herself as beverly , nick 's p.a. . 
 she led them down a corridor , passed a row of desks where long-haired twenty-something men hunched into computer screens , surrounded by pyramids of empty coke cans . 
 a few of them openly appraised her , others glanced away nervously . 
 most just continued to work . 
 `` here we go , '' sang beverly . 
 she opened the door to a large room with an oblong , polished wood table in the middle . 
 two men stood on the other side of the table . 
 one , a stranger , was facing them . 
 the other stood and stared out of the floor-to-ceiling window , his back to them . 
 he did n't need to turn around for abbey to know it was nick . 
 but he did , slowly , a grim frown plastered to his handsome face . 
 abbey swallowed and waited for recognition to set in . 
 it took a few seconds but when it did , his shock was obvious to everyone in the room . 
 he looked like a man who 'd just seen a crew of aliens disembarking a ufo that had landed in his front yard . 
 he took a step backwards , as if he 'd been shoved , and his eyes nearly sprang from their sockets . 
 `` abbey ! '' 
 abbey tried to smile . 
 `` hello , nick . '' 
 it was clear he had n't been expecting her . 
 the wide-eyed stare and pale expression made her heart skip wildly . 
 was this a good sign or a bad one ? 
 was he happy to see her ? 
 right now he just looked shocked . 
 his mouth hung open like an unhinged door . 
 he also looked incredibly sexy . 
 but despite the neatly combed hair and the carefully shaved chin , abbey could see signs of stress . 
 a web of spidery lines that had n't been there before crept across his forehead , and his black eyes-which she could only remember as shining brilliantly-were dull . 
 so , the last month had been hell on him , just like it had been for her . 
 good . 
 he deserved it . 
 nick 's colleague cleared his throat and approached . 
 he introduced himself as the new vp of marketing , mathew willis , and she introduced herself as the new manager of the jjc pharmaceuticals melbourne office . 
 they sat at the long table and for several moments everyone stared awkwardly at each other . 
 finally , nick stirred from his stupor . 
 `` where 's tarken ? '' 
 `` tarken no longer works for jjc . 
 i replaced him . '' 
 a smile curved across nick 's lips . 
 `` good for you , '' he said quietly . 
 abbey felt her face heat up and she glanced at donaldson to get proceedings moving . 
 donaldson took his cue and went through the technical details with mathew willis . 
 abbey tried to concentrate but her attention was constantly drawn to nick . 
 he stared back at her . 
 intently . 
 there was no humor in his eyes , no bright spark as there had been a month ago . 
 today , his eyes were somber and his expression hard as he scanned her face . 
 abbey tried to smile but could n't . 
 she just felt too awkward . 
 she raised a brow in question and he finally awoke from his trance . 
 he shifted in his seat , asked willis a question and nodded at the answer . 
 willis continued to drone on and nick 's attention turned to her again . 
 he smiled , a tentative smile that warmed abbey 's heart . 
 it was n't a vindictive smile but a questioning one . 
 are we okay ? 
 it seemed to ask . 
 abbey glanced away . 
 she was n't ready to answer that yet . 
 an hour later and progress was much slower on the deal than abbey had expected . 
 it seemed that nick wanted to discuss every point . 
 he debated all options , then mulled over possible conclusions , even when there was an obvious one . 
 delaying tactics . 
 to throw them off ? 
 it was a deliberate strategy businessmen like him used in the boardroom , she 'd quickly discovered . 
 well it was n't going to work on her . 
 she 'd sit quietly , let him talk and debate , then she 'd go in for the kill when all options had been argued over . 
 at four-thirty beverly brought in coffee and biscuits . 
 `` let 's take a break , '' suggested nick . 
 everyone looked relieved . 
 except abbey . 
 `` i think we should keep going . 
 we have a six-thirty flight . '' 
 `` actually beverly booked you into a hotel for the night just in case . 
 if you give her your flight details she 'll reschedule them for tomorrow . '' 
 nick looked smug . 
 he hovered beside her elbow , close enough that abbey could smell his cologne . 
 it was intoxicating and brought back so many memories . 
 painful ones , but good ones too . 
 `` abbey ? '' 
 nick prompted when she did n't answer . 
 she nodded and forced herself to concentrate . 
 `` i 'll go see her now . '' 
 beverly took down the flight details and gave her the name of the hotel and directions . 
 `` i also organized spare clothes for you for tonight and tomorrow . 
 i hope i got your size right . '' 
 abbey thanked her . 
 `` this meeting seems to be taking longer than i thought . 
 nick wants to discuss every point . 
 he does n't seem sure about anything in there . '' 
 beverly raised her penciled-in eyebrows . 
 `` that does n't sound like mr. delaware . 
 usually his meetings are short and to the point . '' 
 `` not this one . '' 
 beverly shook her head . 
 `` how unusual . 
 just between us girls , most people call him the machine round here . 
 he just goes in , gets the job done and gets out again . 
 no messing about . 
 does n't care who 's in the way usually . 
 although ... '' she shook her head again and pursed her red lips . 
 `` although ... ? '' 
 prompted abbey . 
 `` well , he has been a little strange this last month . 
 ever since he got back from the seminar in melbourne . '' 
 abbey caught her breath . 
 `` different ? 
 how so ? '' 
 beverly shrugged . 
 `` not so ... aggressive . 
 actually , he 's been very nice . 
 i quite like this new man . '' 
 she grinned . 
 `` i hope the other nick does n't come back in a hurry . '' 
 abbey thanked her and returned to the boardroom , her mind a little dazed . 
 she knew nick was the straight-down-the-line businessman who always got what he wanted when he wanted-she 'd seen evidence enough of his arrogance in melbourne . 
 yet it was a side of him that was totally opposite to what she 'd experienced at other times . 
 passion , need and a desire to be loved and to love someone back-these were the traits nick delaware had allowed her to see in melbourne . 
 abbey gulped . 
 so nick had been affected by their encounter last month . 
 good . 
 it meant her lesson had actually achieved something . 
 she joined the three men in the boardroom and listened to them figure out the details . 
 she contributed little , her thoughts way too jumbled to form coherent arguments . 
 besides , they were still discussing the technology aspect , which was n't her area . 
 for the rest of the day she found her eyes periodically wandering to nick of their own accord . 
 sometimes she caught him watching her , other times he seemed to be listening to donaldson and willis . 
 occasionally he threw in his two cents worth . 
 when six o'clock rolled around , the meeting was called to a halt . 
 `` how about we all meet for dinner , '' suggested willis . 
 `` actually , '' said nick , `` abbey and i should discuss some financial details and i thought tonight would be a good opportunity . 
 abbey ? '' 
 she hesitated then nodded slowly . 
 they needed to get this encounter over with . 
 the sooner the better . 
 `` i 'll pick you up around seven-thirty ? '' 
 she nodded again and numbly followed donaldson out of the boardroom . 
 when they reached the elevator , she felt a firm hand on her shoulder and she turned to see nick 's face very near hers . 
 he stared into her eyes , his black orbs sparkling for the first time that day , the way they used to . 
 a half smile twitched playfully at his lips . 
 `` i look forward to seeing you , '' he whispered . 
 abbey stepped inside the elevator , took a deep breath and closed her eyes . 
 it was going to be hell trying to resist nick tonight . 
 chapter 12 abbey 's heart thudded at the sound of knocking . 
 she quickly checked her appearance in the mirror , took a deep breath and walked as steadily as her weak knees would allow to the door . 
 nick smiled warmly down at her . 
 he took a step toward her then hesitated . 
 she knew how he felt . 
 kissing him was an automatic reaction for her too . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 she grabbed her purse then stepped into the corridor . 
 `` where to ? '' 
 she asked brightly . 
 no need to let him think her stomach was doing back flips or that she needed to pee for the tenth time in the last hour . 
 `` a nice restaurant on the harbor . 
 it has a great view . '' 
 he took her arm and steered her towards the elevator . 
 `` it 's also very private . '' 
 abbey held her breath . 
 did he want privacy to talk or to re-enact their last restaurant encounter ? 
 nick 's hand felt reassuring and strong on her arm . 
 he directed her to a black bmw and opened the door for her . 
 she stepped inside and waited as nick jogged around to his side . 
 the sticky heat of the evening poured in when he opened his door . 
 they sat in awkward silence until nick parked in a space alongside a strip of shops and restaurants . 
 being monday night , it was n't very busy . 
 he was right about the restaurant being private . 
 dim lights , a lot of room between tables and few patrons meant they could talk and not be overheard . 
 but the table cloths barely came to the edge of the tables and afforded no privacy whatsoever for anything other than talk . 
 abbey glanced at nick to see if he noticed them too , but if he had , he did n't show any signs of it . 
 in fact , he did n't show signs of any emotion whatsoever . 
 his face was solid stone and his eyes avoided hers . 
 he was in complete control . 
 they were directed to a table near the window with breathtaking views of sydney harbor and the boats bobbing up and down on the water . 
 `` this is nice , '' said abbey , attempting to make conversation . 
 suddenly this had become very awkward . 
 she was beginning to regret accepting the invitation . 
 after all , they had absolutely nothing in common except a hot week of sex in melbourne and the pending business deal . 
 maybe she should concentrate on that - a nice , safe topic . 
 nick held her chair out for her as she sat , then smiled politely when he took his own seat . 
 `` i thought you 'd like it . 
 they have a great selection of wines . '' 
 he handed her the list . 
 abbey took it , hesitating when he did n't immediately let go . 
 he was smiling at her again , this time it was friendlier , familiar . 
 she scanned the list and selected a shiraz from a local vineyard that she liked . 
 `` nice choice , '' said nick . 
 `` you have great taste in wines . '' 
 `` expensive taste you mean . '' 
 it was meant to be a joke but it wiped the smile clean off nick 's face . 
 she glanced away . 
 he could n't possibly still think she was after him for his money ? 
 could he ? 
 `` maybe this was a bad idea , '' she muttered , standing . 
 nick shot to his feet . 
 `` no ! 
 you ca n't go , we have n't even ... eaten . '' 
 `` look , nick , this is uncomfortable . 
 we 're here to work , not re-live what happened a month ago . 
 i think we should concentrate on the business at hand . '' 
 his face hardened and lost color . 
 he grabbed her hand and squeezed tightly . 
 `` abbey , do n't go . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 that was my fault . 
 i do n't think ... well , i do n't think you 're a hooker anymore . '' 
 he smiled tentatively and abbey blushed but nodded . 
 she sighed . 
 she was being irrational . 
 this was business . 
 they had to spend tomorrow brokering the deal , so she should at least remain polite to him , despite what he might still think of her . 
 they sat again , but nick had n't let go of her hand . 
 he held it across the table and his thumb rubbed gently along hers . 
 the movement was sensual . 
 their wine arrived and the waiter took their order . 
 nick let go , somewhat reluctantly it seemed , and sat back in his chair . 
 he watched her through black eyes that were as hot as coals . 
 `` congratulations , '' he finally said . 
 abbey looked up at him sharply . 
 `` what for ? '' 
 `` the promotion . 
 tarken must 've been surprised . '' 
 she grinned . 
 `` angry more like it . 
 i had threatening phone calls for a week afterwards . '' 
 nick frowned and sat forwards . 
 `` he did n't try anything did he ? '' 
 `` no . 
 he 's all hot air and no action . 
 anyway , he got another job the following week and i have n't heard from him since . '' 
 `` good . 
 i 'd hate to think he was bothering you . 
 there 's nothing worse than having a psycho ex boyfriend on your hands . '' 
 `` speaking from experience ? '' 
 nick grinned . 
 `` not about the boyfriend . '' 
 abbey had forgotten how great that smile could be , how infectious . 
 she could n't help smiling with him . 
 `` melinda also found another job , '' abbey said . 
 `` she suddenly felt uncomfortable with me as her boss . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` i do n't blame her . 
 i think you 'd make a scary boss . '' 
 `` scary ! 
 i 'm the nicest boss around . 
 unlike you , i imagine . 
 i hear they call you the machine . '' 
 nick frowned . 
 `` who told you that ? '' 
 she shrugged and pretended to admire the view . 
 `` the machine ? '' 
 he said , half to himself . 
 `` i wonder what that 's supposed to mean ? 
 that i work long hours ? '' 
 the look on his face was priceless . 
 all of a sudden he seemed utterly concerned that his staff did n't like him . 
 `` i think it means that you 're , well , heartless . '' 
 `` heartless ! 
 i 've got a big heart . 
 especially when it comes to my staff . '' 
 he shook his head , frowning . 
 `` i ca n't believe they think i 'm heartless . '' 
 she grinned . 
 `` i also heard that you 've change in the last month . 
 changed for the better . '' 
 he raised an eyebrow . 
 `` changed ? 
 how so ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` just nicer i guess . '' 
 `` nicer . 
 hmmm . '' 
 `` so what happened a month ago to change you so drastically ? '' 
 nick 's eyes flew to hers then quickly skittered away . 
 abbey leaned forward and touched his hand . 
 to hell with talking about business . 
 she wanted an answer to this one and she was n't letting him go until she had it , whether it was what she wanted to hear or not . 
 `` well ? '' 
 he glanced at her then up at the approaching waiter who took their orders and disappeared . 
 `` well ? '' 
 she prompted again . 
 `` abbey , do n't . '' 
 he looked pained . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` this is n't fair . '' 
 `` nothing about this was ever fair , nick . 
 let 's face it , i was n't fair to you and you were n't fair to me . 
 there 's been a lot of water under the bridge between us , and i just want to start hearing the truth from you . 
 i 'm tired of lies . '' 
 he stiffened . 
 his face had gone rigid , all hard angles . 
 `` do you want me to tell you i 've hated every minute of the last month because i ca n't get you out of my head ? 
 or would you prefer i tell you that we were just one of those things that burns brightly and dies just as quickly ? 
 well , which is it to be , abbey ? '' 
 his words stung . 
 `` the truth , nick . '' 
 he sat back , glancing out at the harbor . 
 `` i 'm not ready for the truth . '' 
 abbey bit the inside of her bottom lip to stop it from quivering . 
 so which version had been the real one ? 
 she thought there was probably an element of truth in both scenarios for him-that he had n't been able to stop thinking about her and yet there was nothing between them except great sex . 
 problem was , as far as she was concerned , the emotion she 'd felt for nick had n't gone away . 
 it had only intensified . 
 had it for him ? 
 their meals arrived and they fell silent , the topic too painful to resurrect . 
 `` i think we 'd better stick to safe conversation tonight , '' nick said at last . 
 `` like business ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` tell me about you , abbey . 
 you never really did let me see who you really were . '' 
 she blinked . 
 `` i 'm so boring . '' 
 nick 's lips twitched into a smile . 
 `` you 're the least boring person i 've ever met-after lucy that is . '' 
 abbey chuckled . 
 then she frowned and tried to think of something interesting to say about her life . 
 `` tell me where you were born , '' he prompted . 
 `` and then tell me where you grew up . 
 i want to know about your parents , brothers and sisters , whether you liked school and what sort of dress you wore to the school dance . 
 things like that . '' 
 `` well , the last one 's easy . 
 it was purple with puffy mutton-chop sleeves . 
 it was hideous . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` i bet you were n't hideous though . 
 i bet all the guys in school wanted to date you back then . '' 
 she crossed her arms and leaned forward . 
 `` if i tell you about me , then i expect the same from you . 
 okay ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` deal . 
 all the gory details , including what i wore to my school dance . 
 something tells me you 'll laugh though . '' 
 she put a hand to her breast . 
 `` me ? 
 laugh at nick delaware ? 
 i would n't dare . '' 
 `` wrong . '' 
 nick 's eyes sparkled . 
 `` you 're the only person i 've ever met who does laugh at me . '' 
 `` except for lucy . '' 
 they both laughed and abbey launched into the details of her life starting with birth . 
 she thought it was going to be short , but nick kept asking questions and offering comments . 
 then he began his own story and she learned that his family had been well off , but he 'd rebelled when he finished school and disappeared for a few years , preferring to hang around the beach and surf with his mates . 
 he glossed over that period of his life rather quickly , abbey thought , but she decided not to ask him any questions about it . 
 not yet . 
 perhaps one day ... after dessert and coffee , nick paid the bill and they decided to walk along the promenade . 
 `` lovely evening , '' abbey breathed . 
 he caught her hand and murmured his agreement . 
 they walked hand in hand for a while , then turned to head back to the car . 
 when they reached the bmw , nick suddenly spun abbey round to face him . 
 he was very close to her , his lips only inches from hers . 
 he brushed his hands along her waist to her hips , feeling her curves , then reached up behind her and pulled her to him . 
 abbey 's body fit into his perfectly and the sudden closeness sent tingles down her spine . 
 she could feel his rousing erection pressing into her stomach . 
 his lips nibbled at hers , but they did n't kiss , much to abbey 's frustration . 
 it seemed her lips wanted him , badly . 
 her body wanted him even more . 
 he reached up and brushed a knuckle across her cheek , his black eyes shining into hers . 
 `` this was nice tonight , abbey , '' he whispered . 
 `` very nice , '' she agreed . 
 but was it about to end ? 
 or was he going to come back to her hotel room ? 
 `` so tell me , ms. mcpherson , do you put out on the first date ? '' 
 abbey giggled . 
 `` this is n't our first date . '' 
 `` i know , '' he whispered , `` but it feels like it . '' 
 she nodded . 
 it did . 
 it felt like they were starting all over again . 
 she closed her eyes and leaned into him . 
 his erection got bigger and his lips met hers in a deep and desperate kiss . 
 `` i only put out for the right sort of man on the first date , '' she said when they parted . 
 `` do i qualify ? '' 
 she stood back and let her eyes roam his body . 
 `` i guess you 'll do . '' 
 he laughed softly and opened the car door for her . 
 before she stepped in , abbey put a hand to his chest and felt the muscles tightening under her fingers . 
 `` actually , you 'll do perfectly . '' 
 nick kissed her intensely and sharply , then patted her bottom . 
 `` hurry up and get in the car then . 
 i 'm not a machine . '' 
 she laughed and sat in her seat while he sprinted around to his side and jumped in . 
 he sped back to the hotel and waited impatiently as she fumbled with the key in the lock of the door . 
 abbey paused , key poised . 
 `` this is n't going to be like the last time we had dinner together is it ? '' 
 nick 's brows knitted . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i 've only got one spare pair of underwear , so no ripping . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` promise i 'll be gentle . '' 
 he nodded to the door . 
 `` but if you do n't hurry up , i ca n't be held responsible for what i do . '' 
 abbey finally opened the door and stepped inside . 
 before she had a chance to close it , nick had her in his arms . 
 his mouth covered hers in a hard , searching kiss as he picked her up and carried her to the bed . 
 he undid the buttons on her shirt and his hand found a pliant breast . 
 his thumb strummed the nipple slowly through the thin fabric of her bra and it did n't take long before abbey 's breath was coming short and fast . 
 his other hand moved down and unzipped her skirt . 
 it puddled at her feet . 
 she stepped out of it and drew her panties down her legs . 
 nick unhooked her bra and licked each nipple until abbey 's body was arching into his . 
 his erection , still inside his pants , was huge and throbbing as it pressed against her . 
 she fumbled with his belt and fly but he drew himself away . 
 `` not yet , '' he whispered . 
 `` you first . '' 
 his tongue traveled from her br ** sts to her stomach and downwards until it met the triangle of hair below her belly . 
 with a few flicks of his tongue on the right spot , she began to pant and spread her legs wider . 
 `` oh my ... '' nick 's hands reached around and sank into her behind , caressing the mounds of flesh . 
 but abbey barely noticed . 
 her own hands sank into his hair as the shudders began to overtake her , and soon she was rocking , her head thrown back and a low cry gurgling in her throat . 
 she rode the waves until her legs felt like jelly and could no longer hold her up . 
 `` come here , '' she whispered hoarsely . 
 nick rose and picked her up , gently placing her on the bed . 
 he raised himself above her , his stiff erection poised . 
 she placed a hand gently on his chest and shook her head . 
 `` i want you to lie down . '' 
 he did , and she straddled him . 
 she lowered herself onto him and watched as he shut his eyes , threw his head back and sucked in a breath through his teeth . 
 within moments he was arching into her , thrusting higher inside her . 
 she began slowly , moving her body gently to the rhythm of their heartbeats , then she stepped it up a notch . 
 nick caught hold of her hips . 
 `` if you keep doing that i wo n't last long . 
 it 's been a whole month . '' 
 but instead of slowing , abbey smiled wickedly and picked up the pace until she was pumping him hard . 
 with a stifled cry and a sudden thrust into her , he climaxed , his fingers gripping her hips . 
 abbey collapsed on top of him , stretching out her legs to lie her entire length on his . 
 he hugged her to him tightly , one hand buried in her hair , the other around her waist . 
 she listened to his breathing . 
 it started out as fast and heavy then dropped to a regular pace before slowing dramatically as he dozed off . 
 she closed her eyes but could n't sleep . 
 this was what she 'd wanted to do for the last month . 
 she 'd thought of nothing else until now . 
 she wanted to enjoy this moment . 
 because she had a feeling it was n't going to last . 
 finally she got up and went into the bathroom . 
 when she came out , nick was sitting up on the bed waiting for her . 
 by the look of his stiffening erection he was ready to go again . 
 abbey was n't . 
 she was going to sort this out once and for all . 
 she shook her head and nick frowned . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he patted the bed beside him and when she sat , he put his arm around her and hugged her close . 
 `` what 's wrong , sweetheart ? '' 
 she sighed . 
 it was now or never . 
 `` on the night when i left , i told you i slept with vane . '' 
 she felt him stiffen and his arm suddenly retreated . 
 `` i lied . 
 i did n't . '' 
 nick moved away from her . 
 he stopped , paced the room once , then returned to the bed . 
 he lifted her chin . 
 `` then why did you tell me you did ? '' 
 she shrugged and lowered her gaze . 
 `` to hurt your feelings . '' 
 `` you succeeded , '' he whispered . 
 he turned away from her and headed into the bathroom . 
 when he came out , abbey swallowed . 
 he avoided her gaze . 
 `` why do n't you want to talk about this ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` because i want to forget about it . 
 i want to start over . 
 i 'm not proud of the way i lost control over the situation back then . '' 
 `` i 'm not proud of a lot things either , '' said abbey . 
 but he still did n't look at her . 
 there was something else . 
 and she knew what it was . 
 `` you do n't believe me do you ? 
 you still think i slept with him . '' 
 he shook his head but said nothing . 
 he was pulling on his shorts and pants . 
 `` nick stop . 
 talk to me . 
 do you believe me ? '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` abbey , i told you , i do n't want to talk about it . '' 
 he stopped , fly still undone and came to the bed . 
 he kissed her deeply and held her to him , resting his chin on her head . 
 she could hear his heart beating rapidly and loudly . 
 nick 's arms felt good around her , reassuring , but his rigid body told the truth . 
 he thought she was lying , and it still pained him to think that she 'd slept with that creep vane . 
 it pained abbey that he did n't believe her . 
 did that mean he still thought she was a gold digger too ? 
 `` why do n't you believe me ? '' 
 she asked , her voice sounding small . 
 nick touched her chin so she was forced to look up at him . 
 `` abbey , it does n't matter . 
 the important thing is i want to start all this over again and do it properly . 
 i 've decided i want to be with you . 
 what happened then is history . '' 
 `` it 's not history ! 
 it was only a month ago . 
 and you do n't believe me ! 
 will you ever believe me , nick , or will you always wonder if i 'm here because of your money ? 
 will you always wonder what really happened that night ? 
 will you always think i came to you because i wanted the real nick delaware , the wealthy one ? '' 
 abbey choked back a sob and nick reached for her . 
 `` abbey , do n't do this . 
 it 's not necessary . '' 
 `` damn you , it is necessary ! 
 you still think i 'm here for your money , do n't you ? '' 
 `` abbey , i do n't care . '' 
 the tears flowed down her cheeks , burning her eyes and choking her throat . 
 `` what ? 
 you do n't care that i 'm a gold digger ? '' 
 he threw his hands up in exasperation , then tried to hold her but she stood and walked away . 
 she pulled a robe out of the closet and threw it around her shoulders . 
 nick followed her but she held out her hand . 
 `` do n't touch me . '' 
 `` abbey , sweetheart , please listen to me . '' 
 he paused and ran a hand through his hair . 
 taking a deep breath , he let it out slowly . 
 `` i 'm sorry if you feel like that , but you 're right . 
 i wonder about it , but i 've decided i do n't care if you slept with him or not . 
 i just want you . 
 i 've made my decision . '' 
 he reached for her but again she moved away . 
 `` have you decided that i 'm a liar as well as a whore ? '' 
 `` abbey , do n't talk like that . '' 
 `` it 's true . 
 you think i 'm after you for your money . '' 
 nick threw up his hands . 
 `` so what ? 
 i do n't care . 
 have it . 
 it has n't made me happy , but if that 's what you want - '' `` it 's not what i want ! '' 
 nick sighed and turned away . 
 he reached for his shirt and put it on . 
 `` i think i 'd better go . 
 you need some sleep . 
 i 'm sure in the morning you 'll see this from my point of view . '' 
 fully dressed he turned back to her and caught her face between his hands . 
 he kissed the top of her head and left . 
 abbey spluttered out a few tears then fell onto the bed , sobbing . 
 her heart was heavy and cold as her world suddenly fell apart all over again . 
 this time she knew it was final . 
 this time she knew he did n't believe her and never would . 
 he said it did n't matter , but what if they took this further and in a year he decided it did matter . 
 what then ? 
 abbey curled herself up into a ball on the bed and waited for sunrise . 
 *** nick watched the sun rise slowly over the horizon . 
 dressed in a light robe , coffee in hand , his toast sitting untouched on the table , he leaned back into the deck chair on his balcony and closed his eyes , shutting out the cheerful brightness . 
 he felt anything but cheerful . 
 the pain that had settled in his gut at abbey 's hotel had n't disappeared and he could n't eat . 
 he could hardly swallow his coffee but he forced it down . 
 he needed it . 
 he had a long and difficult day ahead of him-he was seeing abbey again . 
 but closing his eyes did n't make him feel any better . 
 it just made the images of abbey more vivid . 
 the image of her making love to him , the image of her crying when he admitted he did n't believe her about vane . 
 he 'd really blown it this time . 
 he 'd had a chance , damn it , a good chance to make it work with her , and he 'd thrown it away as if she meant nothing . 
 there was no bigger fool in the world than nick delaware . 
 just when he was beginning to feel in control of his life again after such a wonderful date , everything had to change . 
 he thought about going back , talking to her , but that would only risk making it worse . 
 he at least had today to talk to her again . 
 hopefully she 'd calmed down and had thought it through . 
 he 'd tried to tell her he loved her last night , but she 'd been too upset to really hear him so he 'd refrained . 
 besides , he 'd repeatedly told her it did n't matter to him about her and vane , so surely that had sunk in by now . 
 surely that meant something to her . 
 surely it was enough . 
 nick moaned and rubbed his fingers into his eyes . 
 of course it would n't have sunk in . 
 she did n't believe for one minute that he did n't care about vane . 
 because he did , and she knew it . 
 she knew him . 
 at about five am . 
 that fact had hit him hard . 
 he 'd been lying in bed , going over the evening again for the hundredth time in his mind when he suddenly realized she 'd seen something in him that he had n't known was there-jealousy . 
 fear . 
 fear that she really was only with him because of the money . 
 fear that she 'd slept with vane , learned the truth , and come to him to try again . 
 fear that she did n't really love him . 
 and fear that he 'd lost control of his life because of her . 
 he had never been afraid of anything in his life . 
 now , thanks to abbey , his fears were going to suffocate him . 
 abbey had identified those fears . 
 it had probably scared the hell out of her , because she knew his fears would continue to hound him until they eventually destroyed any feelings he had for her . 
 maybe not soon , but one day . 
 but that was the problem . 
 had she been telling the truth ? 
 had she not slept with vane ? 
 did she not want him , nick , for his money ? 
 evidence pointed in that direction-the tears , the pain he could see in her eyes . 
 every part of him ached at seeing that pain , and it was all he could do not to go back to the hotel and hold her and tell her he loved her , that he believed her . 
 but nick wanted more than intangible evidence , he wanted proof . 
 solid , rock hard facts . 
 facts were the only way he could regain control of his life and the fears that were crushing him . 
 having proof was the only way he could ever know for sure and be with abbey without regrets and second guesses . 
 he needed to call vane . 
 problem was it was way too early and his home number was at the office . 
 later then . 
 later . 
 nick checked his watch . 
 only a few more hours till he saw her again . 
 he closed his eyes and pictured her face , hot and wet with tears . 
 that was the image he 'd hold for the next few hours . 
 it hurt him so much to re-live , but god knew he deserved the pain . 
 chapter 13 `` we want a twenty percent discount . '' 
 `` twenty percent ? '' 
 nick shook his head . 
 abbey was really pushing it . 
 regretting how he treated her a month ago was one thing , but this was business . 
 twenty percent was way too much . 
 `` it 's reasonable considering we 're the first client for this product . 
 we are the first client are n't we ? '' 
 abbey 's bright blue eyes flashed at him , her jaw firm and uncompromising . 
 there was no hint of last night 's tears . 
 she was good at this . 
 damn good . 
 if he did n't love her he 'd employ her . 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i did some checking . 
 and donaldson tells me it 's standard practice to give the guinea pigs a discount . 
 we 'll act as a reference site of course . '' 
 he sighed and nodded . 
 `` of course . '' 
 he leaned forward and extended his hand . 
 `` you have a deal . '' 
 she took it and nick could feel the buzz of energy that comes with closing a successful deal coursing through her skin . 
 he held her hand for much longer than was respectable but he did n't care . 
 let willis and donaldson know he had feelings for her . 
 let abbey know . 
 but she removed her hand and let it fall limply to her side . 
 `` have the contract drawn up and send it down to us . '' 
 `` you 're leaving ? '' 
 she nodded and checked her watch . 
 `` we have a six o'clock flight . '' 
 that was only two hours away . 
 think delaware , think . 
 `` if you wait i 'll have the contract drawn up tonight . 
 you can take it with you first thing in the morning . '' 
 she hesitated and he took the opportunity to dismiss donaldson and willis . 
 when they left , he caught her hand . 
 `` please , abbey . 
 i need to talk to you . 
 stay one more night . '' 
 he took her face in his hands but she stepped away , avoiding his gaze . 
 eventually she nodded and nick felt like a weight had lifted from his shoulders . 
 he tried to smile , but abbey 's stoic expression was n't giving him any reason to be happy . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` fine . 
 we 'll talk . 
 that 's all . '' 
 he nodded . 
 the door opened and beverly popped her head round . 
 `` damien vane returning your call , sir . '' 
 nick glanced at abbey . 
 her mouth dropped open and her cheeks flushed pink as she stared up at him . 
 `` i 'll be right there , '' he muttered to beverly as she shut the door behind her . 
 `` abbey , i have to ask him something - '' `` i hope you get the answer you want to hear . '' 
 her voice sounded hard , cold . 
 she picked up her laptop case and stormed out the door . 
 nick followed and indicated to beverly he 'd take the call in his office . 
 that morning when he 'd arrived at the office , he 'd called vane 's home number . 
 a woman who did n't sound like vane 's wife said he 'd already left for the office , so nick had tried him there , only to be told he was in a meeting . 
 he knew he ran the risk of vane calling back and beverly retrieving him from the meeting with abbey , but it was a risk he had to take . 
 so what if abbey knew he was calling vane ? 
 at least she 'd know he was trying to clear everything up so that they could be together without any issues hanging over their heads . 
 `` so what does my ex boss want ? '' 
 asked vane casually . 
 `` there 's something i need to know about the night you spent in melbourne a month ago . '' 
 `` ah , you want to know about that hot little woman in the blue dress . '' 
 there was a sneer to his tone that nick did n't like . 
 he clenched his teeth together and held back a retort . 
 `` yes . 
 i want to know if you slept with her . '' 
 vane chuckled . 
 `` got you by the balls has she , delaware ? 
 does n't surprise me . 
 she looks like the type that would cling . 
 me , i like the ones who just want a night of pure ecstasy . 
 it makes life easier when they do n't want commitment . '' 
 `` just answer my question . '' 
 `` seeing as i 'm such a nice guy and i think you two will make a cute couple , i 'll tell you the truth , even though it 'll damage my reputation . 
 no , i did n't sleep with her . 
 she left as soon as she got in my room . 
 seems she was just trying to make you jealous . 
 sounds like it worked if you 're still thinking about her after all this time . '' 
 nick hung up on a laughing vane . 
 he leaned back in his chair and pressed a hand to his heart . 
 she 'd been telling the truth all along . 
 and he 'd practically called her a liar , and a whore . 
 he leaned forward and placed his elbows on his desk , then ran both hands through his hair . 
 he sat like that , with his head down , for a very long time , thinking about what a fool he was . 
 what a damned , stupid , stubborn idiot . 
 how the hell was he going to make this up to her ? 
 how could he explain he was just too scared to accept the truth without proof ? 
 at least now he could go to her , tell her he knew she was telling the truth all along and hope that they could pick up where they left off . 
 at least he knew for sure that abbey really did love him and not his money . 
 she had all along . 
 with a sigh and an apology already prepared , he stood , then changed his mind and buzzed beverly . 
 `` send in ms. mcpherson please . 
 there 's some last minute details to go through for the contract . '' 
 a moment later and abbey was standing inside his office . 
 she closed the door and turned slowly to him . 
 the expression on her face was distant , empty . 
 it was as if she was n't really there . 
 damn , he 'd really hurt her this time . 
 he walked over to her and took her hands in his . 
 he gripped them tightly to his chest then leaned forward and kissed her . 
 she did n't respond . 
 `` abbey , i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm really sorry i did n't believe you . 
 but i do now , and it does n't matter . 
 everything 's fine , abbey , everything 's going to be fine . '' 
 he pulled her into him and wrapped his arms around her . 
 she did n't move . 
 her arms remained by her side and her body stiffened . 
 nick fought down the rising panic . 
 `` abbey ? 
 talk to me . 
 i spoke to vane , he confirmed your story , and now i just want to be with you . 
 i know you 're upset that i did n't believe you at first , but you understand that i had to know for sure . 
 do n't you ? '' 
 `` you did n't trust me , '' she murmured . 
 `` sweetheart , i do now . 
 i 'm sorry i did n't believe you . 
 i understand why you 're angry but all i can say is i 'm sorry . 
 i needed proof . '' 
 `` you did n't trust me , '' she said again . 
 `` honey , let 's talk about this later . '' 
 she said nothing . 
 nick took that as a good sign . 
 maybe she just needed time to let everything sink in , to understand it from his point of view . 
 surely she 'd do the same thing if she was in his shoes . 
 or maybe she was feeling a little overwhelmed with everything . 
 after all , there were still issues to work out , like where they were going to live . 
 `` how about you go back to the hotel and i 'll get the ball rolling on this contract . 
 i 'll come past and pick you up and take you to my place . '' 
 he took her hand . 
 `` i hope you like it . 
 it 'll be yours soon . 
 if we decide to live in sydney , that is . 
 but you do n't have to make that decision yet . '' 
 he kissed the top of her head and held open the door for her . 
 she seemed a little mechanical as she left but that was probably because she felt overwhelmed . 
 she 'd be fine once she 'd thought everything through . 
 *** beverly handed abbey a drink of water . 
 `` you look pale , '' she said , `` are you sure you 're feeling okay ? '' 
 abbey tried to smile but it was difficult with numb lips , numb body and numb brain . 
 the only thing she could think about clearly was getting away . 
 going home where she could cry herself to sleep in her own bed . 
 `` um , i 'd like to change my flight back to tonight . 
 can you get me on the next plane to melbourne ? '' 
 beverly smiled . 
 `` of course . '' 
 she made a phone call then hung up . 
 `` there 's a flight in an hour . 
 but it 's not the same as mr. donaldson 's . 
 he 's already gone . '' 
 abbey glanced in the direction of nick 's office but he did n't emerge . 
 downstairs , she caught a taxi back to the hotel , collected her things and checked out . 
 slowly the numbness wore off and was replaced with anger . 
 nick had to have proof . 
 proof ! 
 proof that she was n't a liar , proof that she was n't a hooker ! 
 for crying out loud , what sort of man ca n't tell that about the woman he loves ? 
 unless he does n't love her . 
 abbey choked back tears as she sat in the back seat of the taxi heading to the airport . 
 she 'd made love to nick numerous times , she 'd poured out her heart to him and given everything of herself , and he did n't trust her . 
 he could n't even tell if she was after him for his money or not . 
 what did it take for him to know she loved him for who he was ? 
 two tears spilled from her eyes and dripped down her cheeks . 
 damn it , she loved him but he was too blind to see it . 
 too blind , or not in love with her . 
 if he loved her he would believe her , he would know that what she felt for him was the once in a lifetime kind of love . 
 *** nick signed the contract and handed it back to his lawyer . 
 `` take your time . 
 she 'll take it with her tomorrow when she leaves . '' 
 if she leaves tomorrow . 
 maybe he could get her to stay the rest of the week . 
 the lawyer left and nick stood . 
 five-thirty . 
 he 'd head out to abbey 's hotel and pick her up . 
 he considered going out for dinner but decided to order in . 
 that way he could have her all to himself for the entire night . 
 beverly was switching off her computer when he passed her desk . 
 `` i might be late tomorrow , '' he said . 
 `` i thought i 'd show ms. mcpherson the sights of sydney in the morning while we 're waiting for the contract . 
 give me a call when you get it and we 'll head back in . '' 
 `` i thought she told you , '' said beverly , frowning . 
 `` she 's changed her mind and is catching a flight tonight . '' 
 her words sent a stab through nick 's heart and he stopped cold . 
 `` tonight ? 
 what time ? '' 
 she checked her watch . 
 `` it leaves in a little over half an hour . '' 
 nick could n't think but he could move . 
 he sprinted to the elevator , cursed it when it did n't arrive immediately , then banged the button for the underground car park when he got in . 
 minutes later he was speeding through the streets of sydney and heading to the airport . 
 he ran several amber lights , prayed he would n't get pulled over by the cops , and pressed his foot to the floor . 
 by the time he got onto the freeway , his mind had begun to work again . 
 he did n't like what it told him . 
 why in the hell was abbey leaving ? 
 he did n't understand . 
 okay , so he had n't believed her when she said she had n't slept with vane , but he did now , that 's all that mattered . 
 and he 'd never make the same mistake twice . 
 ever . 
 he arrived at the airport , parked illegally , and raced inside the terminal , his heart thumping so hard he could hear it between his ears . 
 he glanced up at the departures screen . 
 her flight had been delayed and was scheduled to board in ten minutes . 
 he let out a long , ragged breath but he did n't slow his pace . 
 he ran to gate two and scanned the faces . 
 abbey was sitting in a corner , her head bowed . 
 he joined her and crouched in front of her . 
 she glanced up . 
 her cheeks were damp with tears and her eyes red and raw . 
 `` abbey , '' he whispered , rubbing away the tears with his thumbs . 
 `` abbey , do n't go . 
 please . '' 
 she stood and pushed past him , heading for the toilets . 
 he followed , took her arm and directed her into an alcove away from prying eyes . 
 `` abbey , speak to me . 
 please , i , i do n't understand ... '' he scanned her face but she shook her head and looked down at her feet . 
 `` please , do n't go . 
 give me a chance , abbey . 
 whatever the problem is we can work it out . '' 
 he reached for her and gathered her into his arms . 
 for one happy moment he thought she was going to stay like that , but she pulled away , shaking her head . 
 `` nick , i ca n't handle this anymore . 
 the parting is just too hard . '' 
 `` then do n't leave ! 
 abbey stay with me , please . '' 
 he watched her closely for a reaction but she did n't move . 
 `` i need you , '' he whispered . 
 he tried to take her again but she shook her head and he let his hands drop to his sides . 
 it ached not to touch her , to comfort her . 
 `` you do n't get it , do you , nick ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 i admit i do n't . 
 i thought it was all cleared up . '' 
 `` for you it is . 
 all you cared about was whether i slept with vane . 
 you did n't believe me when i said i did n't . '' 
 nick blinked down at her . 
 having his suspicions confirmed did n't make him feel any better . 
 he swallowed and tried to ignore the rising panic welling inside him . 
 `` i wanted to believe you , abbey . 
 really i did . 
 but i was ... scared . '' 
 he moved to touch her again but changed his mind and ran both hands through his hair . 
 suddenly the fear came flooding back . 
 not fear of losing control over his life , but fear of losing abbey . 
 it was overwhelming , crushing . 
 he realized being in control meant nothing if he could n't have her with him . 
 always . 
 the announcement for boarding was made and abbey moved away . 
 he reached for her . 
 `` no . 
 you ca n't go . '' 
 he fought the urge to hold her to him , to trap her against his body so she could n't leave . 
 but he did n't . 
 he could n't . 
 he wanted her to stay of her own accord . 
 but he was getting desperate . 
 he 'd beg her to stay if he thought it would make a difference . 
 `` abbey , '' he whispered , staring down at her . 
 `` i 'm sorry if i made you feel like a. . . '' 
 `` a hooker . '' 
 nick shuffled his feet . 
 `` a gold digger . 
 my heart knew you were n't , my heart never thought you lied , but after all the lies that passed between us at the beginning , my head just took over . 
 that 's the way i am , abbey . 
 my head has always ruled nick delaware . 
 until now , i thought my heart was just another organ . 
 but you stole it . 
 you ripped it out of me and now it hurts like hell because you wo n't give it back . 
 i 'm sorry i did n't trust you . 
 i 'm sorry i did n't follow my heart from the beginning . '' 
 he swallowed and put a hand to his thudding heart to try to still it . 
 he placed his other hand against the wall next to abbey . 
 she looked down at her shoes so he could n't see her face but he could tell by the way her shoulders shook that she was crying . 
 she made no movement toward him . 
 `` abbey , please , you 're scaring me . '' 
 *** abbey cried silently , trying to clear her thoughts . 
 nick 's presence was so strong and masculine beside her that she had to hold herself back from throwing her arms around him . 
 she could hear his breathing , heavy and ragged . 
 she could feel his eyes on her . 
 boring into her . 
 `` abbey , '' he prompted . 
 `` sweetheart , did you hear me ? 
 please , what do i have do to make you understand ? 
 i 'm an idiot . 
 i know i do n't deserve you , but i ca n't give you up . 
 it 's killing me knowing you 're going to get on that plane and never come back . '' 
 he paused , shifted from foot to foot , then gingerly touched her sleeve . 
 his breathing changed from ragged to rasping . 
 but she still could n't look up at him . 
 the sight of him would just make the ache so much worse . 
 make it more difficult to leave . 
 `` abbey , i love you so much , i ca n't ... i ca n't cope if you go . '' 
 he took a step forward , caught her shoulders and drew her against him . 
 his arms were like a strong cage , holding her tightly to his chest . 
 the final call for boarding was announced but abbey barely heard it . 
 he loved her . 
 he loved her . 
 nick 's chest heaved against hers and he buried his face in her hair at her shoulder . 
 `` please tell me you wo n't leave , '' he whispered . 
 `` i do n't care if you do n't love me , just do n't leave me . 
 i ca n't lose you . 
 i ca n't ... '' nick shuddered . 
 in an instinctive movement , abbey lifted her arms from her sides to his waist , stretching them around him . 
 `` i love you , nick , '' she said , squeezing her eyes shut against the onset of fresh tears . 
 `` you 're a stupid , frustrating control freak . 
 but i love you anyway . '' 
 nick 's grip tightened momentarily as he let out a long , shredded breath , then he kissed her . 
 his lips were soft yet his kiss was urgent and filled with need . 
 he pulled away and held her face in his hands . 
 his moist eyes searched hers . 
 `` i 'll never doubt you again , '' he said . 
 `` never . 
 i 've learned my lesson . 
 i wo n't do anything to risk losing you . '' 
 `` no more lies between us , okay ? 
 only the truth . '' 
 he nodded quickly . 
 `` agreed . 
 so you 're staying ? '' 
 he croaked . 
 `` yes , '' she said , trying to stop herself from grinning stupidly . 
 his mouth twitched , then he frowned . 
 his eyes suddenly grew serious . 
 `` forever ? '' 
 she nodded again and leaned into him , kissing him hard on the lips . 
 `` yes . 
 is your house large ? '' 
 nick looked quizzically down at her as he put an arm possessively around her waist and squeezed . 
 `` quite big , why ? '' 
 `` a house needs to be christened . 
 a different room each night . 
 that should keep us occupied for a while . '' 
 he shook his head , but he was grinning . 
 `` i plan on christening every room tonight . '' 
 abbey glanced up at him , grinning like a school girl . 
 `` just how many rooms are there ? '' 
 `` lots . '' 
 the end 
