 prologue when the lights go down in the theater , i am ready to pretend . 
 i leave the past behind to become the character on the stage . 
 i share a lingering look with the handsome man across the crowded room . 
 i turn back to the others . 
 then a hand brushes against my shoulder . 
 i shudder . 
 close my eyes . 
 feel him near me . 
 everyone else fades away . 
 he 's suddenly the only one there . 
 he kisses me . 
 i kiss him back , and i can feel the kiss in every single cell in my body . 
 deep , and fevered , and possessive . 
 my head is spinning , my heart is jumping . 
 i am that woman on the stage and i 'm having what she 's having . 
 love without reason . 
 love without fear . 
 for two hours under the spotlights , i 'm living someone else 's life . 
 then the play ends , the curtains rise , and i am back to being me . 
 i come down from my temporary high , still wanting , still wishing , knowing only that i 'll need another role , another part to feel this way again . 
 i take my bow , and say goodbye to the character , to the kiss , to the possibility of that kind of love . 
 because love like that only happens when it 's make believe . 
 at least , i 've always thought so . 
 then i met davis milo and everything in my life changed . 
 irrevocably . 
 chapter 1 davis the moment she emerges from the wings and steps on stage at the st. james theater to sing her solo , i know-without a shadow of a doubt-that she 's my ava . 
 her voice gives me chills . 
 she starts small , as the song calls for , in a trembling kind of tone , and then through each verse her voice strengthens , matching the lyrics , the tone of the song , the story the music is telling : a young woman who was all alone , but who had to find her own way to her dream , and found it through pain and patience and heartache . 
 when she reaches the chorus , her voice is all i feel , and it 's got arms and fingertips that stretch from the center of the stage all the way around the theater to the balcony . 
 a voice that surrounds you , and mesmerizes you with color and heat . 
 the voice has layers and hurt all in one and so does this actress , her face , the way she wrings the emotion from the words . 
 i rest my elbows on my thighs , my hands clasped together , seeing only her from my seat in the second row . 
 i want to hold onto this moment , this feeling of being the director who discovers the next big star , because it comes around so rarely . 
 she has it all , everything i want , but she also has something more . 
 she has sex appeal and she does n't even know it . 
 something in the way she carries herself , in how she looks at you , a torch singer sort of sensuality in her gaze . 
 she 's all innocent blond on the outside , but deep down she can pull off the provocative with that fantastic body and the way she moves on stage . 
 that 's what i need . 
 that 's what i want . 
 she 's going to bring down the house . 
 she 's going to make the audience cry and cheer . 
 she 's going to make them want her . 
 and it sure as hell does n't hurt that she 's absolutely f ** king beautiful . 
 when she finishes , i want to stand up , shake her hand , and tell her she 's been cast in this love story . 
 but i restrain myself . 
 `` thank you so much . 
 now , the scene and song with mr. carlson . '' 
 patrick carlson , the actor who landed the lead role in crash the moon , jumps from the red upholstered chair next to me . 
 he 's here at the final auditions , along with the producer and frederick stillman himself , the most revered composer in the last quarter century , who 's collected armfuls of awards for best musical . 
 actors fall all over themselves to star in his shows , directors fawn at his feet . 
 i would have fawned to land this gig , but i did n't have to . 
 i 've won three tonys , one oscar , and my broadway shows have all returned on their investors ' dollars . 
 i directed a film too-that 's how i nabbed that golden statuette . 
 so stillman called my cell one fine afternoon six months ago , and told me he was offering the directing job to me , only me , and to no one but me . 
 i said yes on the spot . 
 now i want to say yes to her . 
 jill my twenty-three years on earth have led me to this moment . 
 every singing lesson i ever took . 
 every acting class i ever went to . 
 every play i read , song i heard , emotion i called forth from deep inside for a part . 
 here . 
 now . 
 today , as i wait center stage on the creaky floorboards in this gem of a broadway house , for him . 
 but really , more than anything , it 's the fact that i finished five marathons that matters most right now . 
 because of that , i have the training , the perseverance , and the composure to not freak the f ** k out as patrick carlson joins me under the spotlights that shine on us . 
 i can barely see the powers-that-be because the seats are shrouded in darkness , and the lights are on the stage . 
 but i can make out the silhouette of the hotshot director davis milo in the second row , along with the producer , and the god i bow down to-frederick stillman himself , who wrote this anthemic musical . 
 i 'd enter the hunger games for a chance to perform in something he 's created , but fortunately all i have to do is nail a scene with patrick , the man i 've been in love with from afar for the last six years . 
 so , as if i 'm running with the kind of focus i need for 26 miles-blinders on , nothing but blinders-i ignore the fact that patrick is the most beautiful man i 've ever seen , that his honey blond hair looks thick and soft and that his light brown eyes draw me in with their warmth , just as they did all the times i skipped class in college to see matinees of rent to watch him play roger , or wicked to see him as fyero . 
 all the moments i was mesmerized by him , and fell deeper under his spell . 
 but i let go of that now . 
 because i am no longer jill , aspiring new york actress auditioning for her first broadway role , and he is not patrick , the man who exudes talent and charisma every second he 's on stage . 
 he 's paolo , a mercurial and captivating artist , and my teacher . 
 and right now i am ava , a twenty-two-year-old painter without a family . 
 i face the audience-nearly 1,600 empty seats and only a few occupied ones , the spotlights from above beaming brightly , the antique gold auditorium with high-flying balconies surrounding us . 
 he steps behind me . 
 he says not a word . 
 instead , he breathes out , `` hmmm , '' as he places his hands on my arms , as if he 's considering ava , then runs his palms sensuously from my wrists to my shoulders . 
 `` you must let go , ava . 
 you try too hard to make your paintings perfect . 
 you need to make them you . '' 
 i nod , breathless , speechless , because this man ava has admired , looked up to , is touching her . 
 he brushes my hair away from my neck , and i lean my head to the side , letting him trace the vein in my neck with his finger . 
 then , as if i 've just remembered that i 'm a good girl , that i do n't do this , i jerk away . 
 because i am , shockingly-me-a good girl . 
 `` i am only here to learn . '' 
 he narrows his eyes at me . 
 `` i am teaching you . '' 
 ava wants to correct him , to tell him he 's not , that he 's crossing lines , even though the crossing of them feels good to this young woman who 's felt far too much of the not-good in life for far too long . 
 ava 's not ready for this yet . 
 she wheels on him , fire in her eyes , lashing out with the first sung lines in a heated duet . 
 `` you do n't have permission to lay your hands on me . '' 
 he plays the gentleman , giving a gesture of surrender . 
 `` forgive me . 
 i only touch you as your teacher , '' he sings softly , but powerfully in that tenor that could melt igloos . 
 `` that 's not teaching . '' 
 `` then find your own way to paint . '' 
 he starts to walk off . 
 ava huffs , crosses her arms , looks away , and sings roughly of all the ways this man makes her crazy . 
 he tells her how her brushstrokes are too controlled , her head is too much in the way , she needs to throw her body into the act of painting . 
 and i hate it , and him , because he feels like the one thing that stands between true creativity and me . 
 i sing an angry lament , a furious plea to the universe to send me elsewhere . 
 but yet , there is no place else for me , nowhere to go . 
 i 've been left all alone , and all i have is my art , and he 's the only one who can make it better . 
 make me better . 
 i chase him before he leaves the empty classroom . 
 ava detests aloneness , even though it 's the thing she knows best . 
 he 's nearly off-stage , and i grab his shirt , and he gives me this look-satisfaction and curiosity . 
 `` i see you 've changed your mind ... '' my shoulders fall in resignation of ava 's reality . 
 i will only succeed with him . 
 `` i need you , professor paolo . '' 
 `` do n't call me professor . '' 
 `` what should i call you ? '' 
 `` do n't call me . 
 kiss me . '' 
 and then he casually runs a strand of my hair in his fingers and lets it fall . 
 i grab him , bestowing a hard , wet kiss on his lips . 
 patrick 's lips . 
 paolo 's lips . 
 oh god . 
 he tastes divine . 
 paolo . 
 patrick . 
 my teacher . 
 the actor i idolize . 
 they all collide at once-reality , make believe , years of crushing , a moment of pretending . 
 i do n't know if the way i feel right now comes from me or from ava , but all i know is-without even opening my eyes , without even hearing ` end scene ' - we have a crazy kind of chemistry that ca n't be faked . 
 then i break the kiss and run offstage where i slam into alexis carbone , all bleached blond , bosomy , and pipes like nobody 's business . 
 i do n't stand a chance . 
 * * * `` watch where you 're going next time , '' alexis says in a perfectly sweet soprano , a voice so pure and lovely that it nearly masks what 's underneath . 
 because-call me crazy-but i 'm pretty sure when you say ` watch where you 're going ' that you 're not actually looking out for the other person . 
 but i 'm still flustered from the kiss to end all kisses so i mutter a quick `` sorry '' as i try to move past her in the wings . 
 `` of course you 're sorry . 
 i 'm here , '' she says with a plastered-on smile , and a haughty tilt of the head . 
 her words burn , but while i 'm not a doormat , i wo n't take her bait . 
 i 'll do what i do well . 
 pretend . 
 `` why , i have no idea what you could possibly mean . 
 it 's delightful to see you , alexis , '' i say like a southern belle , then turn quickly for backstage . 
 i leave because if i stay within her vicinity she might completely ruin my patrick carlson buzz , and i need a few moments to relive what just happened on stage , especially since i 'm going to replay it tonight when i 'm alone in my darkened bedroom and imagining patrick is with me , as i do nearly every night . 
 patrick has done so many things to me already , has said all the words i want to hear , has kissed me in all the ways i want to be kissed . 
 he has touched me under the covers in my imaginary life . 
 now i 've had a sampling of the real thing , and i ca n't bear to let it slip from my fingers so quickly . 
 i press past the dressing rooms , saying a quick goodbye to a stagehand wheeling a dolly in a cramped hallway , then make my way to the stage door , pushing it open into the alleyway that runs along the back of the theater . 
 greeted by a snap of cold air , i lean against the brick wall , drop my bag , and run a finger across my lips as if i can reactivate that kiss , recall it back into existence like it 's a hologram . 
 i close my eyes and replay . 
 patrick 's breath , so soft . 
 the slightest bit of stubble on his jawline . 
 the way he tasted faintly of cinnamon . 
 the real thing-even staged-is so much more potent than what i imagined , and he 's had the starring role in all my fantasies for years . 
 i 've been with him a thousand times over , touched him , felt him , tasted him . 
 let him do the same to me . 
 if i had n't been in love with this man since i saw him play sky masterson in guys and dolls when i was seventeen and desperately needed to escape from all the things that had fallen to pieces that awful year of my life when i did everything wrong , then this moment would have sealed the deal . 
 i want this part so badly . 
 i want it for me . 
 i want it for my career , and i want it so i can finally be more than just a person in the audience for him . 
 so i can be as real to him as he 's felt to me . 
 i force myself to leave this alleyway , and get on with my day before the director and producer and stillman himself call the nypd on the crazy stalker actress outside the theater . 
 i head straight for nearby bryant park where my good friend reeve said he 'd be waiting for me . 
 he 's an actor too , and i find him quickly , lounging at one of the metal tables , reading the script for the movie he 's working on . 
 he has his girlfriend 's dog with him-a little brown and tan chihuahua-mini pin in his lap . 
 it 's adorable how reeve has not only fallen hard for sutton , but also for her dog . 
 he puts the dog and pages down , stands up and holds his arms out wide , an expectant look on his face . 
 `` so , do we have a reason to celebrate ? 
 are you the new ingenue of old broadway ? '' 
 i shake my head , and that 's when the reality comes crashing down . 
 i will never have the chance to act in this show . 
 it 's as if i finished first in the uneven bars , and then olympic gymnast gabby douglas appeared out of the blue to school me and win gold . 
 `` i highly doubt it . 
 alexis carbone showed up right after me , '' i say , and my heart feels heavy knowing the show i want is likely out of my grasp . 
 he makes a face as if i just breathed last night 's onions on him . 
 `` wait . 
 do n't tell me . 
 ava has an evil twin sister and they want alexis for that role ? '' 
 `` ha . 
 i wish , '' i say and let my shoulders sag . 
 i guess the effect of the stage kiss is wearing off . 
 `` but you know it 's going to be her . 
 she has an insane following . 
 her fans love her and would line up for blocks to see her . '' 
 `` yeah , but look , sometimes it 's the new kid who gets cast . 
 you never know , '' reeve says , and i know he 's trying to be encouraging , to buoy me up . 
 but already i feel a hitch in my throat , and i fight back a tear . 
 i do n't want to cry over a role , but at the same time i worked so hard on this audition and it felt like the chance of a lifetime . 
 the chance that seemed as if it could truly be mine . 
 `` i felt so thoroughly ava , almost as if the character had possessed me . 
 i swear i could read it on the director 's face too . 
 the way he stood up after i sang , like i was his ava . 
 i could have sworn it was my role just from the way he looked at me . 
 and then she walked in . '' 
 `` hey , '' he says , and pulls me in for a quick hug . 
 i let one more tear fall against his shirt , as he pets my hair . 
 `` sometimes you nail an audition and lose out . 
 sometimes you flub one and still get a role . 
 and sometimes you do your damn best , and you beat out a star . 
 you never know . 
 the only thing you can do is leave it all on the stage , and i 'm sure you did . 
 i know you . 
 you 've never given less than 100 percent of your heart and soul in any rehearsal , let alone a performance . '' 
 i breathe deeply and nod , then grab a tissue from my purse and swipe the errant tear from my cheek . 
 `` c'mon . 
 i 'm a big-time film actor now , '' he jokes , but there 's some truth to it since he landed a starring role in escorted lives . 
 `` let me buy you a coffee . '' 
 he leashes up the dog and we wander over to a pretzel vendor who 's now hawking espressos , lattes and coffees too , and order some hot beverages to stay warm on this chilly day . 
 i do my best to seem upbeat , even though i know my phone will soon be ringing with the ` better luck next time ' call from my agent . 
 reeve breaks off a piece of the pretzel to give to the tiny dog , who stands on his little back legs to snag the bite . 
 `` are you a full-time dog nanny for the artful dodger now ? '' 
 reeve laughs . 
 `` what can i say ? 
 he 's kind of an awesome dog , so i like hanging out with him . 
 and it makes sutton happy to know he 's with me . '' 
 `` you 're so in love with her , it makes me sick , '' i tease , even though i think it 's awesome that reeve and sutton are now officially together . 
 i look at my watch , knowing i should head home . 
 `` we 're still running tomorrow , right ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 i have to kick your ass . '' 
 `` you wish . '' 
 i walk away , thinking of reeve paired up with sutton , and my roomie kat now happily engaged to her long-time love , bryan . 
 funny , how it 's been so long since i 've even been with anyone-long as in years . 
 way longer than anyone thinks . 
 much longer than i let on . 
 acting is n't just my job . 
 it 's my whole damn life . 
 it 's the way i 've learned to live with all my regrets from long ago . 
 chapter 2 davis `` she was brilliant , but it 's largely irrelevant . '' 
 i press my thumb and forefinger against the bridge of my nose . 
 i can not believe i am having this debate . 
 i can not believe this suit is being such a. . . 
 suit . 
 it 's as if this production is run by accountants who do n't have a clue . 
 `` irrelevant ? '' 
 i look up , and direct the question to my executive producer , don kraftig , who 's sitting across the aisle from me in a pinstriped , double-breasted number that looks like he rented it from a good fellas close-out sale , a contrast to my jeans and long-sleeve button down . 
 we 're in the st. james , the three of us : don , stillman and me . 
 `` how could it possibly be irrelevant ? 
 she 's tailor-fucking-made for this part . 
 she 's ava . 
 is there actually any question ? '' 
 my voice echoes around the cavernous auditorium that will be filled shortly with spectators for the final performances of the king and i , playing here before we take over . 
 for now , the red chairs that become home at eight o'clock six nights a week to the buzz and hum of an audience are empty , except for us . 
 the auditions are over . 
 the callbacks are done . 
 patrick carlson has left for the day , and we are sliding into the early evening with this debate . 
 my executive producer shrugs , an admission , or as much of one as i 'll ever get . 
 `` she was amazing , '' he concedes , and his voice-it sounds like a tin can and i wish i could shake him , or really , shake some sense into him . 
 `` but she 's not alexis carbone . '' 
 `` that 's the point , don . 
 i do n't want alexis carbone . 
 alexis carbone is a grade-a classic diva and a half . 
 not to mention she misses shows if she has so much as a sniffle . '' 
 `` all the better . 
 she should rest her voice if she 's ill , '' he says , and now he sounds prissy , and i would have half a mind to laugh if i was n't so damn angry . 
 instead , i choose a different tactic . 
 i try to speak in don 's native tongue-dollars . 
 `` you know how she is . 
 she missed one-third of her performances in fate can wait . 
 the running joke of the show was that it should be called alexis can wait . 
 do n't tell me you 've forgotten how many times theatergoers called the logan theater company asking for refunds when she was n't performing , '' i say , hoping that the reminder of how much money his competitors lost on alexis ' last role will do the trick . 
 `` we are not the logans , '' he says , folding his arms imperiously , as if that action can somehow distance himself from alexis ' one broadway flop . 
 `` that show was a mess . 
 it had an awful title . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 it had a hideous title . 
 but the point is we have a show that 's not a mess . 
 thanks to the incomparable frederick stillman - '' i pause to gesture , dramatically , of course , to the bald , bespectacled theatrical genius next to me who has barely said a word because stillman does n't have to speak , his work does the talking , '' - and a show with a fantastic title , and score , and a sexy-as-hell storyline about love and loss and sex and art , the likes of which new york city has n't seen in years . 
 not since rent . 
 and you want to throw in a wild card ? 
 an actress who misses a performance if her cat has a hangnail ? '' 
 `` she can open a show , '' don insists , and he might as well be digging his heels into the ground . 
 he does n't get it . 
 i 'm ready to stalk on over to the stage and bang my head against the damn floor boards . 
 because that 's what talking to him 's like . 
 but he does n't stop speaking . 
 `` she has her own album , her solo concerts sell out , she was on that tv show about a broadway musical , and she 's still regarded as the best damn galinda in the last five years . '' 
 i stand up , pace like a caged lion , walk to the side door exit to take a deep breath , then return to them . 
 `` be that as it may . 
 i do n't want to work with her . 
 i want the best on stage for this . 
 i want someone who is fresh and amazing and who is going to blow the audience away . 
 i do n't want a diva . 
 i want the next star . 
 that woman . 
 jill mccormick . 
 i want to read stories and see in playbills for years to come that she got her first break , her first broadway show , when she was cast as ava in our show . 
 she is going to be a star . 
 i want to be the one who discovered her . '' 
 `` i want someone who is already a star . '' 
 `` we do n't need a star because we have the biggest star broadway has ever seen-the newest stillman show . '' 
 i turn to stillman . 
 the stony look on his face gives nothing away . 
 i dial back my anger , keeping my voice on the level . 
 i respect stillman far too much to talk to him as i talk to don . 
 `` mr. stillman , you wrote this epic musical . 
 you created this living , breathing , beautiful show . 
 who do you picture as your ava ? '' 
 stillman crosses then uncrosses his legs . 
 he closes his eyes and hums while playing air piano in what i 'm learning is his modus operandi of recalling actors , and replaying their performance in his mind . 
 he opens his eyes . 
 `` i want the ava who will move the audience . '' 
 i swallow , nod , and try again . 
 keep my voice soft , and calm , almost as if he 's a child . 
 `` who would that be ? 
 is that alexis or jill ? '' 
 stillman stands up , smooths his pants legs . 
 `` i need to go to the little boys ' room . '' 
 then he walks out , and i believe i 've just learned that stillman might be a musical genius , but is passive aggressive as f ** k . 
 he has zero interest in decision-making or confrontations . 
 i do n't possess that problem , so i return my focus to don . 
 `` we need to start rehearsals in four weeks . 
 the day after new year 's . 
 i would really like them to not suck . '' 
 don rises , reaches inside his jacket pocket , and removes a checkbook . 
 `` does the name julie taymor mean anything to you ? '' 
 the mere mention of a fellow director 's name is his power play and i know what 's coming . 
 the threat he 'll dangle of a fate like hers . 
 kicked off the show . 
 `` the spiderman producers were happy to let their director go , '' don says in a biting tone . 
 `` i have no problem paying your exit clause . 
 how much was it ? '' 
 the man knows a thing or two about brinksmanship , and he 's got the upper hand . 
 because he 'll walk and i wo n't . 
 i want this job too much . 
 `` fine . 
 call alexis ' agent and give her the good news . 
 i will , however , be choosing the understudy and my choice will be final . 
 is that clear ? '' 
 don nods , and that 's our tacit compromise . 
 it 's hardly a compromise , but even so i 'll be hoping alexis has a whole lot of head colds . 
 jill as i head for the subway , i check my phone out of habit , an instinct that wo n't die , a hope for good news . 
 but there are no missed calls from my agent , so i try to review my to-do list along the way , ticking off the emails i need to send to the ladies in my running group , as well as the new training exercises i 'll put together for them as they prep for an upcoming breast cancer awareness 10k . 
 now that crash the moon is , sadly , in my rearview mirror , i suppose i 'll devote more time to coaching runners , maybe find some gals to help train for marathons and other races . 
 besides , there will be other auditions , other shows ... right ? 
 i glance at the screen one more time as i head down the stairs into the busy forty-second street station , pushing past hordes of rush hour new yorkers . 
 i reach the turnstile and am about to swipe my metro card through when i stop . 
 there 's a poster advertising the king and i on the dirty , sooty wall on the other side . 
 that 's the show playing in a limited run right now at the st. james , and i ca n't help but feel a pang of longing . 
 this is the exit i wish i were making every night at six-thirty . 
 the one that would take me to that theater , where i 'd be lucky enough to enter through the stage door , then drop my purse on the floor of a dressing room , and do my makeup in front of a mirror adorned with na ** d lightbulbs . 
 i 'm not ready to wedge myself onto a crowded train , wrap my arm around a pole and head home . 
 tomorrow , i 'll be fine . 
 tomorrow , i 'll focus on what 's next . 
 but right now , i want to walk past the theater one more time , to say goodbye to it , then move on to the next possibility . 
 `` c'mon , we 're trying to get through , '' someone mutters from behind me , and that 's my cue . 
 i walk away from the turnstiles and head above ground , joining the sea of people pouring out into the theater district . 
 it is dark now . 
 evening has fallen , and the lights on the st. james are lit up , a beacon that draws in young and old , tourists and residents who want to suspend disbelief for a show . 
 i gaze at the marquee , bright as the sun against the night sky , and it 's such a perfect sight that it stills my heart every time . 
 i have loved the theater fiercely and deeply for my entire life , both as a spectator and as an actress . 
 `` someday , '' i whisper . 
 i turn to leave and i notice a man walking toward me , dressed in jeans , a button-down shirt that fits him well , neat and tailored and tucked in , hiding what i suspect is a perfectly flat set of abs . 
 i consider myself something of an expert on abs , though that may simply be due to the screen saver on my laptop . 
 my friend ellie set it up for me . 
 she made a collage from her pinterest collection of beautiful carved men . 
 as for this guy , i ca n't see his abs , obviously , since he 's wearing a shirt . 
 but he looks familiar , and as i try to put the pieces together-the trim clothes , the strong jawline , the thick brown hair , and blue eyes so dark they 're nearly the color of midnight-i realize , he 's the director . 
 davis milo . 
 fuck . 
 i ca n't think about his abs . 
 i ca n't appraise his body . 
 i ca n't look at him the same way i look at the men on my laptop . 
 i must delete all tawdry thoughts from my brain . 
 besides , i could barely see him in the seats with the stage lights blaring , but i can see him now , and he has the most intense look on his face as he practically pounds out a number on his cell phone . 
 i watch him walking toward me , his head down , bent over his phone , and wonder if i should say hi , if he 'd remember me from the audition . 
 i did n't interact with him much , but he 's legend , and he has the midas touch and he 's barely thirty years old . 
 with a litany of hit shows on his resume , he 's known for impeccable taste and for the best eye in new york city . 
 he 's discovered so many stars , but he rarely takes credit publicly . 
 his acceptance speeches are gracious and generous , with credit always given to others . 
 to top it off , he 's heart-stoppingly handsome and he has this brooding sense about him whenever i see his pictures . 
 as if he rarely cracks a smile , so when he does you know it must be special . 
 a strange sort of awkwardness sweeps over me . 
 i do n't know what to do or say in front of this man-if i should act friendly , or pretend i do n't see him . 
 he 's the director-he might as well be called the decider . 
 my hands feel cold and clammy . 
 `` i 'm looking for m. j. kim , '' i hear him say , and i stop in my tracks . 
 that 's my agent 's name . 
 i say something . 
 i 'm not sure if it 's a word or a squeak or a bark that comes out of my mouth . 
 davis looks up and , as if it 's occurring in slow motion , a grin forms on his lips . 
 they 're nice lips . 
 soft and full , and utterly kissable . 
 from an empirical point of view , of course . 
 `` hi , '' he says , and i think it 's both to me and to my agent on the phone . 
 i smile . 
 dumbly . 
 should i keep moving ? 
 walk around him ? 
 but my damn boots are glued to the ground because every muscle in my body is in a state of coiled tension . 
 is he calling my agent at six in the evening with good news or bad news ? 
 `` kim , it 's milo , '' he says in a commanding voice , a deep , rich voice , and i wonder if he 's ever performed or sung . 
 `` i 'm standing on forty-fourth street where i just bumped into the actress i want to cast in the chorus , but more importantly , as the understudy for my lead . '' 
 jet fuel ignites in me , and i take off for the moon . 
 i clasp a hand over my mouth , my eyes widen and then i am grabbing davis milo and hugging him hard . 
 i pull him against me , and his phone clatters to the ground , and i hear my agent say ` hello , hello , hello , ' but i do n't care , because davis milo has given me my biggest f ** king dream ever-and it 's a double whammy of amazingness . 
 not only have i booked my first broadway show , i 'll have the chance to act with the man i 've been in love with since the summer i turned seventeen-the worst year of my life that ended in the best way-when i saw patrick carlson on stage , and fell into a pure love , a perfect love , the way love should be . 
 chapter 3 davis this woman is strong . 
 her arms are wrapped all the way around me , and she 's gripping me as if she wo n't ever let go . 
 for a second-okay , several seconds-i picture all the things that could happen next if she moved closer because her body feels fantastic against mine . 
 i peel myself away because i 'm not going to entertain a single thought about her that slips beyond the professional . 
 directing a show is like fight club . 
 the first rule of directing is you do not fall for an actress . 
 the second rule of directing is you do not fall for an actress . 
 but her hair smells ridiculously good , a pineapple scent that lingers in the cold december air as she breaks the embrace , and my hand twitches because i have a sudden instinct to twine my hands in her dark blond hair . 
 i am steel , though , and i will not let the way she smells affect me , either as the director or as a man . 
 besides , i do n't date actresses anymore . 
 have n't in years . 
 i broke the first two rules of directing once before and have the battle-scarred heart to prove it . 
 she 's shaking . 
 or bouncing . 
 or bounce-shaking . 
 a tear rolls down one cheek . 
 then the other . 
 the whole time her smile could launch ships . 
 it 's infectious , and that 's the problem . 
 it 's working on me already . 
 `` this is the best thing that has ever happened to me professionally . 
 ever . 
 thank you , mr. milo . '' 
 `` really . 
 it 's just davis . '' 
 i bend down to pick up my phone from the sidewalk . 
 `` davis , '' she says , as if my name is the sweetest word she 's ever uttered . 
 funny thing is , hardly anyone calls me davis . 
 most of the actors i 've worked with over the years have called me mr. milo . 
 most of the time i prefer that , too . 
 you do n't call your doctor by the first name , nor your teacher , nor your director , as far as i 'm concerned . 
 but davis just sounds right on her lips , so i find myself letting her use it . 
 `` we 've got a lot of work to do before the show opens . 
 rehearsals start in a month and you 'll be shadowing alexis carbone , who 's been cast as ava , '' i say , reverting to cool professionalism , though her reaction-so pure and genuine-to being the understudy melts a tiny piece of my icy business-like heart . 
 some days , it seems as if there 's so much entitlement in this business . 
 it 's nice to see a little gratitude . 
 as another tear rolls down her cheek , i correct myself quietly . 
 a lot of gratitude . 
 then i do something entirely out of character . 
 i swipe the pad of my thumb across her cheek to wipe away a tear . 
 her skin is soft to the touch . 
 i could get used to this . 
 `` can i take you out for a drink or something ? 
 a coffee , or a bagel or a cookie , to say thank you ? '' 
 she asks with the most hopeful look in her eyes , and i want to say yes . 
 but that would be a huge mistake . 
 she is off limits , according to every definition of the term . 
 i ca n't go there again . 
 `` that 's not necessary . '' 
 `` okay , so scratch that . 
 because the cookie thing sounded really lame . 
 can i take you out for milk and cookies ? '' 
 she says in a sing-song voice , clearly making fun of herself . 
 `` and coffee ! 
 argh . 
 when did coffee become the thing of our world ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 but it is . 
 the thing of our world , '' i say and a grin tugs at my lips . 
 her self-deprecating humor is far too alluring for my own good . 
 `` screw coffee . 
 what if i bought you a drink to say thanks ? '' 
 `` i swear you do n't have to take me out for a drink , jill . 
 i 'm just happy you 're going to do the show . '' 
 she holds up a hand as if to say she 's retreating . 
 `` then i 'll go to sardi 's by my lonesome . 
 because my roommate is out tonight , my best guy friend is with his woman , and i always vowed that if i ever landed a broadway show i 'd go to sardi 's to celebrate . '' 
 she tips her forehead to the restaurant that 's a broadway institution itself . 
 the neon green sign flashes , beckoning tourists and industry people alike , as it has for decades . 
 the place is old-school , but it 's venerable for a reason-it 's the heart of the theater district , and a watering hole teeming with history , having hosted theater royalty for dinner and drinks for nearly one hundred years . 
 she raises her eyebrows playfully , as if she 's waiting for me to acquiesce . 
 a cab squeals by , sending a quick , cold breeze past us that blows a few strands of blond hair across her face . 
 she brushes the hair away and arches an eyebrow . 
 `` the breeze is blowing me to sardi 's . '' 
 she turns on her heels , heads to the door and saunters inside . 
 it feels like a challenge . 
 maybe even a dare . 
 i shake my head , knowing better , but following her anyway . 
 she 's not easy to resist . 
 i find her at the hostess stand , telling a black jacketed maitre 'd that it 'll be just one for the bar . 
 i march up to her and place a hand on her back so she knows i 'm here . 
 her eyes meet mine as i touch her , but her gaze is steady and she does n't seem to mind the contact . 
 `` actually , '' i say , cutting in . 
 `` that 'll be two . '' 
 `` right this way then , '' the maitre 'd says and guides us past tables full of suited-up theatergoers , men in jackets and women in evening dresses , chattering about the shows they 're about to see . 
 there 's a table with two guys who look like wall street types dining with their wives . 
 jill walks past them , and one of the guys lingers on her much longer than he should . 
 the woman with him does n't notice , but i do and i give him a hard stare . 
 he turns back to his plate of shrimp instantly . 
 at the bar , i pull out a stool for her . 
 she thanks me , then shucks off her coat and crosses her legs . 
 her legs look as good in jeans as they probably do out of them . 
 she has that kind of a figure-athletic and trim . 
 probably flexible too . 
 damn , this woman might be all my weaknesses . 
 i 'm grateful for the caricature of james gandolfini hanging above the mirror behind the bar . 
 i glance at him instead , then give his drawn likeness a salute . 
 `` one of the finest , '' i say as i sit down . 
 `` he was indeed , '' she says with a nod . 
 the bartender comes over . 
 `` what can i get you tonight ? '' 
 i look to jill , letting her go first . 
 `` vodka and soda . 
 belvedere , please . '' 
 he nods . 
 `` and you sir ? '' 
 `` glenlivet on the rocks . '' 
 `` coming right up . '' 
 then she looks at me , her blue eyes sparkling and full of so much happiness . 
 `` i ca n't believe it ! 
 i scored a broadway show . 
 do you have any idea how happy i am ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i say , playfully . 
 `` it 's kind of written all over your face . '' 
 `` well , i 'm not going to hide it . 
 i think i might light up times square tonight with my happiness . 
 and now i 'm having drinks at sardi 's with my director ! '' 
 `` do n't tell anyone . 
 i do n't want word to get out that i 'm consorting with the talent , '' i joke . 
 she leans in closer , makes her lips pouty , and kind of shimmies her shoulders . 
 `` oh , i get to keep your secrets already . '' 
 my breath hitches with her near me like that . 
 rationally , i know it 's the moment . 
 i know it 's the excitement of landing her first show that 's making her so flirty , so playful , but still , she 's got such a sexy way about her that she could be trouble for my heart . 
 i do n't know that i should even try to keep up with the banter right now . 
 she could reel me in , and i 've vowed to stay away from actresses , outside of work . 
 they are wonderful , and talented , and often too gorgeous to be real , like this one . 
 but some of them also have a way of using you because of what you can do for them . 
 there 's the rub , for ya . 
 `` i assure you , i have very few interesting secrets , '' i say , trying my best to bow out of the flirting right now , even though i want to take it to many other levels already . 
 thankfully , the bartender arrives with the drinks . 
 `` one glenlivet and one belvedere . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i say . 
 he nods and heads off to take an order at the end of the bar . 
 i reach for my drink and am about to offer a toast when i see he 's given me hers and vice versa . 
 `` i believe this is yours . '' 
 i hand her the drink . 
 she takes the glass from my hand , and for the briefest of moments her fingers touch mine . 
 i do n't even have the time to think about something else . 
 it 's so fast , but it ignites something dark in me , the side of myself that she should never know about , the way i like it . 
 but that side is there , and my eyes immediately stray down her body , to the curve of her hips , to the shape of her br ** sts under her sweater . 
 then she bends down to reach for her purse hanging on a hook under the bar and i 'm watching her , memorizing the way she moves , and it 's as if i ca n't stop imagining her bent over , back bowed , ready . 
 the things i would say to her if we were alone like that . 
 the things i would whisper harshly in her ear . 
 the things she 'd let me do to her . 
 i run my hand across my jaw . 
 i need to get it together if i 'm going to work with her . 
 i remind myself that i am made of iron and i can lock up any dangerous thoughts about her and focus solely on work . 
 the matter is n't helped when she retrieves lip gloss from her purse and reapplies it , so i 'm instantly wondering how her lips taste . 
 how they 'd look on me . 
 she tucks the tube away then holds up her vodka and soda . 
 thank god she 's done touching up her lips . 
 `` to your first show on the great white way , '' i say and we clink glasses . 
 i toss out a harmless question so i can return to being a cool , collected professional . 
 `` what was the first musical you ever saw ? '' 
 `` fiddler on the roof , '' she says and then hums a few bars from `` if i were a rich man . '' 
 `` you make a good tevye , '' i say dryly . 
 `` you 'll keep me in mind for that role if you ever direct a revival ? '' 
 `` absolutely . 
 you 'll be top of the list on my call sheet . '' 
 `` can you even imagine what the critics would say ? '' 
 jill gestures wide as if she 's calling out a huge headline . 
 `` hotshot director casts chick in iconic dude role . '' 
 `` hotshot director ? '' 
 a tinge of red floods her cheeks , and she waves her hand in front of her face . 
 `` i did n't mean anything ... '' `` it might strike you as crazy , but i 'm 100 percent fine with the hotshot title , '' i say , and take a long swallow of my drink . 
 `` by the way . 
 i saw you in les mis . '' 
 `` you did ? '' 
 she asks , and she seems genuinely surprised . 
 i nod . 
 `` yes . 
 that 's why i called you in . '' 
 `` i thought it was the producer who saw me . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` no . 
 though i 'm sure he took credit for it . 
 but i was the one who saw you . 
 and i just want you to know i do n't think i will ever see that show again without picturing you as eponine . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 her blue eyes widen , and i love the way she seems so truly happy with the compliment . 
 i love that she 's not jaded , she 's not full of herself . 
 she 's still hopeful , and it 's so attractive . 
 it 's part of why i called her in after seeing the off-broadway revival of les mis , where the show had been modernized into a rock opera . 
 she was everything i 'd ever wanted to see in an actress . 
 she made me believe . 
 i never doubted for one second that she was eponine , and that 's the toughest thing to nail , but the one thing i want most to see . 
 no , it 's the thing i want to feel . 
 i want to feel the walls of the real world collapse around me , so i can believe in the illusion . 
 `` every actress who can sing wants to play eponine , '' i say . 
 `` but it 's incredibly hard to pull off the feisty eponine , along with the love-struck eponine , and then be dying eponine on top of it all . 
 most actresses can handle one of the personas , sometimes two . 
 you 'll see someone who can sing the hell out of `` on my own '' or fawn all over marius and then do a damn good death scene . 
 but they ca n't manage the playful side of her . 
 but you , jill , '' i say and i pause because there 's something about her name that sounds too good on my lips , like i want to say it more , and in different ways , and in different places , and in a desperate voice too , and a hot and hungry one , and ... fuck me now . 
 she 's looking at me with the glass held in one hand and her lips slightly parted , and she 's hooked on every word . 
 the moment is more intoxicating than it should be and threatens to cloud my cool head in a haze of heat . 
 i tell myself to turn it off for her . 
 it should be business . 
 it should be a compliment . 
 besides , i did n't cast her because she 's f ** k-able . 
 i cast her because she 's f ** king amazing . 
 i try to keep it on the level as i finish , `` you were brilliant . 
 you were stunning . 
 you were everything and more . '' 
 as i say this , her face lights up . 
 she might not know i 've failed miserably at being business-like , but i know , and that 's the problem . 
 i pride myself on control , and within mere hours of casting her i 'm treading close to breaking the first rule of directing , and the second one too . 
 i return to the earlier topic-fiddler on the roof-as we finish our drinks , knowing a quick chat about that show will help me shut it down . 
 the second she puts down her empty glass i call for the check , pay , and say goodnight . 
 then i head to the boxing gym near my home in tribeca , and i spend the next hour working out all my frustrations on a punching bag . 
 chapter 4 jill the next night my roommate kat swirls her straw in a chocolate milkshake , looking at the drink with disdain . 
 `` not the same . 
 these milkshakes are not the same as they are at tino 's diner . '' 
 `` i know . 
 but you wo n't let me go there anymore . '' 
 `` well , obviously , '' she says , and i ca n't argue because the last time we went to our favorite diner for chocolate milkshakes and fries the creep who was stalking her and her boyfriend followed her there . 
 kat was pretty sure he had a knife in his pocket . 
 honestly , if he 'd pulled that thing on me i 'd have kneed him in the crotch so fast he 'd have crumpled to the floor . 
 i have two older brothers and they beat me up when i was younger then taught me to fight when i started filling out in the boobs and h * ps department . 
 they did n't have the chance to beat up too many boys , because i only had eyes for one boy back in high school . 
 aaron-he was on the swim team , and we were together my entire junior year , and everything was wonderful for a while . 
 but given how it all ended , i would do just about anything to rewind time and change things . 
 to have stayed away . 
 for his sake . 
 `` so we 'll just have to keep experimenting with all the diners in chelsea and midtown and elsewhere to find a replacement milkshake , '' i say to kat . 
 `` obviously . 
 besides , we 're going to be celebrating every day , right , miss next winner of a best actress tony ? '' 
 narrowing my eyes , i brandish a french fry at kat , pretending i 'm ready to chuck it at her . 
 she leans away . 
 `` you think i have n't learned by now how to avoid your projectile french fries ? '' 
 i hold up another one for emphasis . 
 `` do n't . 
 jinx . 
 me . 
 you know my rules about jinxing . '' 
 `` yeah , you did n't even tell me you were auditioning until you got the callback because you were so superstitious . '' 
 i look away . 
 the truth is , there are a lot of things i do n't tell kat . 
 a lot of things i do n't tell anyone . 
 a lot of things i make up . 
 it 's a good thing i can act , because sometimes my whole life feels like one . 
 `` and now you 've gone and won a role in a broadway show . '' 
 `` with patrick carlson , '' i say excitedly . 
 `` and in a frederick stillman show , and i know he 's your fave . '' 
 `` and let 's not forget davis milo is directing , '' i add , suddenly feeling the need to point him out too , especially after the drink with him last night . 
 i 'm not quite sure what came over me , asking my director to have a drink and then practically daring him to follow me into sardi 's , but i was pretty much floating on cloud nine last night , and there he was in my vicinity , giving me the best news of my life . 
 not to mention , he 's almost too gorgeous for words . 
 i 'd never seen him up close and personal before yesterday . 
 sure , i 've seen him while watching the tonys and the oscars , and i 've heard other actresses go dreamy-eyed while talking about him . 
 but there in the bar with him last night , i could feel it . 
 i get why women dig him . 
 he has undress me eyes . 
 he looks like the kind of man who does n't ever break your gaze . 
 who walks across the room , all crazy possessive and marks you with a territorial sort of kiss . 
 pushes you against the wall , cages you in with his arms , and claims you . 
 i wonder what it would be like to be kissed like that . 
 `` i wonder if he 'll bring his oscar to a rehearsal , '' kat muses , breaking my naughty reverie . 
 i dismiss the thoughts of davis , since patrick is the man i plan to focus on . 
 `` i love that movie he did where he won it . 
 ransom . '' 
 `` want me to tell him you 're a fan ? '' 
 `` oh , please do . 
 anyway , i need all the details about the audition scene with patrick . 
 i want to hear about the kiss with the love of your life . '' 
 her eyes go wide and she motions with her hands for me to spill the details . 
 `` does he know you 're the same gal who once sent flowers to him and asked him out ? '' 
 i blush . 
 `` no , '' i say , red creeping into my cheeks . 
 `` i hope to hell he does n't remember . '' 
 when i was seventeen , patrick carlson took over the starring role in guys and dolls at the gershwin theater with forty-eight hours notice . 
 the lead actor had laryngitis and the understudy contracted a bronchial infection , causing the producers to cancel four performances . 
 in one of those classic `` the show must go on '' broadway moments patrick was called in , given two full days to rehearse , learn the staging , and the numbers , and take over the role for one week . 
 i 'd done the show at my school the year before and we lived in brooklyn , so i bought one nosebleed ticket . 
 i was on the edge of my balcony seat the entire time , mesmerized . 
 i was sure he locked eyes with me when he sang that gorgeous duet i knew by heart , `` i 've never been in love before . '' 
 ironic , that it was that song . 
 ironic because , maybe , if i 'd loved enough , things would have been different with aaron . 
 but i could love patrick in a pure sort of way that would n't hurt either of us . 
 at the end of guys and dolls , i clapped and cheered and shouted `` bravo '' during the curtain call , then hung out by the stage door along with other fans . 
 i joined the crowd , waiting patiently in a sky blue dress that matched my eyes , and strappy sandals . 
 when the group of men and women asking him to sign playbills thinned and it was only me , i said hello . 
 he flashed me a smile , the warmest , kindest smile i 'd ever seen . 
 `` hi . 
 i wanted to say you were amazing . 
 i 'm so impressed with how you pulled off this performance in two days . 
 you were simply breathtaking . '' 
 `` that 's very kind of you to say . '' 
 his hair was slightly damp , and his cheeks were red , and there was this glow about him . 
 i knew that glow . 
 i 'd felt that glow . 
 it was the mark of a job well done . 
 i held out a hand to shake . 
 `` i 'm jill . 
 i 'm an actress , too . '' 
 then i waved a hand as if to dismiss the comparison . 
 he was a broadway star ; i was merely a theater student with only a few high school productions to my name . 
 he shook my hand , clasping it in his . 
 i wanted to carve that moment into relief , to hold onto the perfection forever . 
 my hand in his . 
 him touching me . 
 `` jill , i think that 's fantastic . 
 how is it going ? 
 tell me about some of the roles you 've played . '' 
 my eyes lit up . 
 my insides fluttered as he leaned against the stage door of the gershwin theater , looking so relaxed in his jeans and a gray v-neck t-shirt . 
 `` as a matter of fact , i played sarah in guys and dolls last year in school . '' 
 he smiled so brightly , then launched into the opening notes of `` i 've never been in love before , '' inviting me with his warm brown eyes to join in . 
 there we were , outside the theater , singing together . 
 i 'm not exaggerating when i say it was the best night of my life . 
 soon , he said he needed to get some rest since he had a matinee and an evening show the next day , but he walked me to the subway stop and i thanked him profusely , and he said he 'd had a grand time . 
 grand . 
 yes , grand . 
 i sent him flowers to the stage door a day later . 
 i ordered them online , using money from my job at a bookstore , taking a particular delight in addressing them simply to `` patrick carlson/stage door/gershwin theater . '' 
 then i wrote a note . 
 `` hi . 
 it was so fun meeting you . 
 would you like to get coffee sometime ? '' 
 nerves aflutter , i hit send on the online order . 
 and i never heard back . 
 maybe he thought i was a stalker . 
 maybe i was . 
 i suppose in some world , i wanted to believe the flowers had never arrived . 
 that 's what i tell myself . 
 because patrick-my patrick-would never have ignored me like that . 
 he loved me like i loved him , right ? 
 he just did n't know me yet , but when he got to he 'd have to realize we were meant to be together , just as i knew he was the answer to all my problems . 
 that when my world went to hell , he 'd step in . 
 the possibility of patrick got me through so many nights and days when i was wrecked . 
 `` what if he does remember ? '' 
 kat asks , bringing me back to the present . 
 i shrug . 
 `` i 'll improvise . 
 i am a broadway actress , after all . '' 
 then i wink at her , hoping i 'm doing a great job of acting confident . 
 but acting is really all i 've ever done . 
 acting like i 'm fine . 
 acting like what happened back then with aaron was n't all my fault . 
 i suppose now , six years later , i 'm mostly okay . 
 people who know me say i 'm carefree , laidback , happy-go-lucky . 
 sometimes i truly am . 
 other times , i 've become so damn good at the appearance of moving on that even i believe the illusion . 
 fake it 'til you make it , right ? 
 * * * when i wake up before the sun has risen the next morning , and pull on a fleece jacket and yank my hair into a ponytail and head for the west side bike path , i do what i have always done . 
 i run off my regret . 
 i picture it unspooling behind me , like a snake shedding , leaving the old behind . 
 all the layers of remorse that i peel away . 
 someday , maybe even soon , i 'll have let go of them all . 
 i meet up with reeve after a few miles . 
 `` try to keep up , '' i shout at him , as he joins me mid-stride . 
 he rolls his eyes at me and keeps a perfect pace . 
 i like running with reeve because he is the only one who runs like i do . 
 full tilt . 
 nothing held back . 
 `` can i say i told you so ? '' 
 he says after the first half mile . 
 `` about not being able to keep up ? '' 
 `` no , idiot . 
 about the show . '' 
 `` by all means . 
 say it all day long . '' 
 `` get me good seats for opening night . '' 
 `` i 'll do my best , '' i say , and i smile . 
 i am happy to see my friend . 
 happy because i am out of my own head for a while . 
 i can escape from my thoughts . 
 i am happy , i am happy , i am happy . 
 the more i say it the more i believe it . 
 rinse , lather , repeat . 
 * * * after we finish the run , i head back to my apartment . 
 as i walk up the steps to the second floor , my phone rings . 
 i dig around in the side pocket of my fleece jacket and pull it out . 
 my agent 's name is flashing across the screen , and my heart gallops with a fleeting fear that i 'm about to lose the job . 
 that it was all an error . 
 `` do n't tell me davis milo changed his mind , '' i say , stopping on the stairwell . 
 she laughs . 
 `` no , darling . 
 do n't ever worry about that . 
 the producers sent me the contract already and i 'm working on it . '' 
 i breathe again and walk up the rest of the steps . 
 `` but that 's not why i 'm calling , '' m.j. continues . 
 `` i just got off the phone with milo . 
 he wants to meet with you before rehearsals start . '' 
 `` oh . 
 why ? '' 
 `` he likes to meet with understudies to set their expectations . 
 so you and i will go together to his office on friday at ten in the morning . 
 does that work ? '' 
 `` yeah , i 'll see if my schedule is clear , m.j. '' another laugh . 
 `` i 'll email you the address . '' 
 after we hang up i unlock the door to my apartment , pour a glass of water , and sink down onto my couch with my laptop and everyone 's best friend in the world-google . 
 i quickly cycle through his resume , though i know it by heart . 
 the south pacific revival he won his first tony for , then an original production called anything for you , followed by the play the saying goes . 
 he 's worked on the west coast too , and directed a production in san diego at the la jolla playhouse three years ago that earned all sorts of accolades . 
 called world enough and time , the play was inspired by a line from an andrew marvelle poem , and there have long been rumors that it would one day become a movie . 
 i find a photo of him with madeline blaine , the young actress who played the lead and then rocketed to show biz success , landing a starring role in a romantic comedy movie that made millions at the box office . 
 she 's been on maxim 's hot list and now commands top dollar for her roles . 
 once i go down that photographic rabbit hole , i ca n't resist looking up more pictures of him . 
 because it 's hard to look away . 
 it 's hard not to stare at his face with those eyes that seem to know you , and that hair that seems to beg for hands to be run through it . 
 i click on a picture of him at last year 's tony awards with his arm draped around a stunning redhead . 
 i zero in on the caption . 
 award-winning director davis milo and publicist amber surratt . 
 then , one from the year before , where his hand is clasped protectively around the waist of a black-haired beauty in a slinky gold dress . 
 she 's a talent agent and she represents many of broadway 's top stars . 
 at a broadway cares event last year he 's seen with a well-known choreographer , who 's no doubt as flexible as she is gorgeous . 
 his hand looks to be on her back . 
 i touch my lower back briefly , as if i can recall the sensations i 'd felt when he laid his hand there as he caught up with me in sardi 's . 
 i lean into my couch pillow and arrive at two conclusions : one , besides the lone photo of him and madeline blaine , he seems to prefer the company of the women who work behind the scenes in the business . 
 and two , he 's tailor-made for tuxes . 
 the man just looks at home in a suit . 
 he 's effortless , every bit of him completely effortless in black and white , with an easy and understated elegance . 
 he wears the tux , rather than the tux wearing him . 
 i run my index finger across a photo of him , tracing his outline absently , arriving at a third conclusion : i bet he looks best in a tux if you 're the one next to him when he 's wearing it . 
 i close my laptop and head to my bedroom , opening my tiny closet . 
 i pick out something classy for my meeting , a pencil skirt and my favorite emerald green sweater . 
 then i knock on kat 's door . 
 `` come in , '' she says , sleepily . 
 `` rise and shine . '' 
 `` some of us do n't wake up at the crack of dawn , you know , '' she says , and rolls onto her side , bringing her purple comforter snug around her neck . 
 `` hate to break it to you , but it 's almost ten . 
 well past the crack of dawn . 
 anyway , can i borrow your black pumps for a meeting later this week ? '' 
 `` you know i have huge feet . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` you 're an eight . 
 i 'm a seven and a half . 
 i 'd hardly call that huge . '' 
 `` bottom shelf in my shoe rack . 
 but be careful . 
 they 're true to size and i do n't want you to stumble . '' 
 `` ha . 
 i 'm like a cat . 
 i always land on my feet . '' 
 `` then my louboutins are your louboutins . '' 
 `` one of the many reasons why i love you so much . '' 
 i find the black beauties and return to my room , placing them next to the skirt and sweater . 
 there . 
 it 's the perfect ensemble . 
 then i find myself wishing it were friday . 
 which makes no sense to me whatsoever . 
 except on a professional level . 
 because i want to impress him as an actress . 
 that 's all . 
 chapter 5 jill the office building is red brick with a gleaming glass door and huge potted plants inside the lobby , an eclectic mix of materials in the middle of the tribeca neighborhood that 's teeming with industrial buildings , lofts and famous faces . 
 surprising , because i somehow pictured davis in a sleek , black office building in the middle of times square . 
 but then , tribeca is the epicenter of new york cool and claims beyonce , justin timberlake and leonardo dicaprio among its star-studded residents , so i suppose it 's fitting that davis keeps an office among the glitterati . 
 i adjust my purse strap , walk a few feet away from the building in case anyone 's looking in the lobby , and check my makeup in the side mirror of a car parked outside . 
 good . 
 i still look freshly made-up , and there are no lipstick marks on my teeth . 
 i press a hand against my belly because anxiety is flooding my veins . 
 i do n't know what to expect from my first official meeting with a broadway director . 
 what sort of expectations does he want to set with me ? 
 the initial excitement is behind me , so i 'm glad my agent will be here . 
 i scan the block for her , hoping to catch a sight of her marching purposefully towards me , looking all tough and agent-y with her shoulder length brown bob and kickass attitude . 
 i check the time on my phone , when i see a text message from her marked as urgent . 
 i click it open . 
 jill darling !! 
 i 'm so sorry . 
 i 'm stuck on the metro north , and my train is delayed a whole frigging hour . 
 but you 'll be fine !! 
 you 're there , right ? 
 i write back with a yes , do n't worry about me , then i turn the phone off and head inside , talking myself down from these nerves . 
 there 's no reason for me to be nervous . 
 i 've been cast , and i 've already had a drink with him , and we chatted and got along swimmingly . 
 everything will be fine , and these are first job jitters that i 'm going to ignore . 
 there . 
 done . 
 ignored . 
 i am confident . 
 i am bold . 
 i push open the glass door , and enter the lobby , which has a warehouse-y , unfinished feel to it with exposed pipes and concrete walls painted a bright white . 
 i stride purposefully to the security guard behind a counter , and inform him where i 'm going . 
 davis milo . 
 second floor . 
 he tells me i 'm on the list so i sign in , and take the stairs up one flight . 
 i find his office at the end of a long , quiet hallway . 
 the door is slightly ajar , so i knock . 
 `` come in . '' 
 his voice is strong and deep , and something about it calms my nerves . 
 this is the man i teased about casting me as tevye . 
 i 'll be fine . 
 i open the door and he 's seated behind a large oak desk that 's spilling over with scripts and sheet music . 
 i would have pegged him as a neat freak , but his desk has a slightly unkempt look to it , which is all the more surprising given how impeccably he 's dressed . 
 he 's wearing a navy blue shirt that looks crisp and freshly laundered , and pressed charcoal slacks . 
 his dark brown hair is slightly mussed up , as if he were running a hand through it right before i walked in . 
 what 's most out of tune with my expectations , though , is the music playing from his computer . 
 it 's not rodgers and hammerstein , nor is it sondheim . 
 he 's listening to muse , and i almost want to hum along to the lyrics i know so well from `` madness . '' 
 he looks up from his screen , meets my eyes , and almost seems like he 's about to smile . 
 then he makes his face impassive , and simply nods in greeting . 
 neither one of us says anything for a beat , and the only sound is the music . 
 `` i love this song , '' i say to break the silence between us . 
 he starts to speak , but instead he leans over , hits a button on his keyboard and turns the music down . 
 my nerves return . 
 did i do something wrong ? 
 then he rises and walks over to me , offering a hand . 
 i shake his hand , and it 's awkward . 
 i mean , i 've already pretty much tackle hugged the man back on the street outside sardi 's when he gave me the news . 
 now we 're back to some sort of uber professional dynamic . 
 `` good to see you again , ms. mccormick . '' 
 ms. mccormick ? 
 oh . 
 i get it . 
 we 've done the celebratory drinks , and now we 're all business . 
 `` and you as well , mr. milo . '' 
 i wait for him to correct me . 
 to tell me i can call him davis . 
 to return to the witty banter of the other night . 
 but instead he peers down the hall . 
 `` where 's m.j. ? '' 
 he asks , and he seems annoyed that she 's not here . 
 `` she 's stuck on the train . 
 she ca n't make it . '' 
 `` you and i can chat for a few minutes then . 
 there 's a hook on the door for your coat , '' he says , and i take off my coat and hang it up . 
 he gestures to a beige couch and i sit , crossing my legs . 
 a chair is angled across from the couch and it only seems natural that he 'd sit there . 
 but he glances at his desk , an almost painful look in his eyes , as if he 's deeply considering the seating arrangements . 
 he pushes a hand through his hair , messing it up again , and the tousled look he now has going on is terribly inviting . 
 even though i know i should n't think of him that way . 
 i should n't notice his looks , but if he were n't my director i 'd surely send his picture to ellie for her hot guy collection . 
 he finally sits in the chair . 
 `` i called this meeting because you probably have the most difficult job in the show . '' 
 i lean forward and listen eagerly . 
 whatever weirdness is in the air does n't matter anymore . 
 this is the important stuff-his first direction for me . 
 `` being an understudy might be the toughest job on broadway . 
 you have to learn all the chorus parts you regularly play , as well as another role . 
 you 're essentially rehearsing two parts . 
 you 'll be in nearly all the chorus scenes and songs , but you also have to know ava cold . 
 and you might not ever go on . '' 
 i nod , knowing some understudies warm the benches for an entire run . 
 `` right . '' 
 `` but some understudies have to go on at a moment 's notice , and if that happens , it 's the sort of event that can make your career , '' he says , and there 's an intensity now to his voice as his body language shifts . 
 he 's leaning slightly closer to me , the change in his tone loosening him up . 
 `` and i 'm going to expect that of you . 
 you 're going to need to know all the lines backwards and forwards , all the songs inside and out , and all the blocking will have to be committed to memory , '' he says , his dark blue eyes locked on mine . 
 he 's so passionate as he gives me his instructions that it nearly erases his earlier coldness , and this change reminds me how much he must love directing . 
 `` i 'm ready to do whatever it takes , '' i say , completely earnest and serious as i match his stare . 
 then i add , almost mischievously , `` mr. milo . '' 
 because i want to get back to where we were . 
 he turns to stare out the window , but there 's the slightest grin tugging at the corner of his lips . 
 he 's trying hard not to smile . 
 he wins , keeping his expression stony as he returns to the task at hand . 
 `` i want you to take the script home . 
 i want you to start learning it . 
 by heart . '' 
 `` absolutely . 
 i would be thrilled to . '' 
 `` i 'm going to ask a lot of you , jill . 
 i have ridiculously high expectations for the show , and everyone has to meet them , and that includes the understudy for the leading role . '' 
 `` i wo n't disappoint you . '' 
 he leans forward , his elbows resting on his thighs , his hands clasped together . 
 `` do more than not disappoint me . 
 exceed my expectations . '' 
 the room seems to compress , to tighten into this one tense line from him to me as he holds my gaze , but his dark eyes give nothing away . 
 i 'm not sure if he 's trying to break me down , or to see if i can withstand the pressure . 
 `` i will give you everything , mr. milo . '' 
 at last , a smirk plays on his lips . 
 then he whispers in a low , sexy voice that makes me heady for a moment , `` it 's davis . 
 just call me davis . '' 
 `` okay , '' i say , then , as if i 'm trying it on for size , i repeat his name . 
 `` davis . '' 
 he shakes his head twice and breathes out hard , and for some reason , i like the way he responds . 
 he walks over to his desk and i try to look elsewhere-at the walls , at the table , at the floor-but i ca n't seem to stop checking him out , from his broad shoulders to his deliciously sculpted ass . 
 i try to remind myself that i should not , under any circumstances , be looking at his fine ass as he grabs a spiral-bound thick set of pages . 
 the script . 
 it 's like a treasure . 
 the book and music for the newest stillman musical , and he holds it as such , as if it 's a great and powerful thing . 
 i 've only seen the pages from the audition scene . 
 now i 'm about to dive into the whole story . 
 i can not wait , and when he hands it to me i take it reverently . 
 `` spend the next few weeks immersing yourself in it , '' he says , and he 's still standing , so it 's clear that the meeting is over . 
 i stand up , tuck the script in my purse and loop the strap over my shoulder . 
 he walks with me to the door and as i 'm reaching for my coat , i wobble in the too-big heels . 
 stupid shoes . 
 but then his hand is on my elbow , instantly . 
 he steadies me as i 'm reaching for him so i do n't fall . 
 when i look up at him , i can feel the flush of embarrassment creeping into my cheeks . 
 i decide to make light of it . 
 `` that 's what i get for borrowing my roommate 's shoes . 
 she has big feet . '' 
 he glances down at the black pumps . 
 `` nice shoes . '' 
 as i follow his eyes , i realize my hand is on his shirt , my fingers fisted around the cloth , clutching it . 
 i should let go . 
 but i do n't . 
 because i ca n't help but notice he has that clean and freshly showered smell that makes any woman want to lean in and lick a guy 's neck . 
 close her eyes . 
 inhale , and trail a tongue all the way to his earlobe , enjoying the sound of a low groan . 
 `` nice shirt , '' i say softly , running my index finger across one smooth button . 
 then i look up to find him staring down at me . 
 his dark blue eyes are n't cold anymore . 
 they 're not keeping me at bay . 
 instead , they 're heated , searching mine . 
 it 's hypnotic the way he looks at me . 
 completely hypnotic , as the room goes quiet , the air between us charged . 
 i press my teeth against my lips and i think , but i 'm not entirely sure because thought has vanished , that i nod briefly , almost as if i 'm giving him permission . 
 then he bends towards me , and my breath catches . 
 before i even process rationally what 's happening his lips are on mine , and my pulse is racing . 
 it 's barely there , just him brushing his soft lips against mine , but i want more . 
 so i pull him closer and deepen the kiss . 
 he groans and then suddenly his hands are in my hair , and he 's twining his fingers through my long , blond strands , and tugging me close . 
 i thought i was leading this kiss , but i 'm not anymore because he 's claiming me , tracing his tongue across my top lip , then nipping at the bottom lip , then kissing me so deeply and with so much heat that i shudder . 
 that only makes him kiss me harder , and everything else falls away because this is a kiss i can feel in every single cell in my body . 
 deep , and fevered , and possessive . 
 it makes me want things i 'm not supposed to have . 
 it makes me want him . 
 my heart pounds wildly as he presses closer , so dangerously near to me that i 'm longing for him to slam me against his body , to touch me all over . 
 his lips own me , his hands want to know me , and i swear i might combust from this kind of electric contact . 
 he breaks the kiss and i 'm honestly not sure where i am anymore . 
 or who i am . 
 i look at him , at davis , but everything is so hazy right now that i do n't know what to say . 
 i do n't think he does either , because he does n't speak for a moment . 
 he exhales deeply , collecting himself . 
 as if he does n't know how the kiss transpired either . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he says then steps back . 
 he looks away from me , staring at some distant point on the wall . 
 `` that was a mistake , '' he says quietly . 
 my mouth is open in shock . 
 a mistake ? 
 that was a kiss that begged to become so much more . 
 but i manage to hide my embarrassment at having kissed my first broadway director by doing what he hired me to do . 
 act . 
 `` yes . 
 a mistake , '' i say confidently . 
 `` it wo n't happen again , '' he adds , now turning his gaze back to me , his eyes cold once more . 
 stripped of all that longing from seconds ago . 
 `` of course not . 
 thank you for the script . 
 i 'll see you when rehearsals start . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he returns to his desk and i grab my coat , my head cloudy even as my heart beats fast , my body still racing , still wanting . 
 wanting more . 
 as i walk away , my lips feel bruised and so does my heart , especially when i hear him turn up the music now that i 'm gone . 
 * * * over the next few weeks , i devote my energy to running every morning , learning lines every afternoon , and forgetting about that kiss every night . 
 i shelve it away in my kissing files that contain folders for real kisses , staged kisses and mistake kisses . 
 this one was the latter , and it 's one that i wo n't make twice . 
 especially when what i really want , what i 've always wanted , what i simply know has to be right for me , is turning that staged kiss with patrick into a real one . 
 chapter 6 davis the cast is gathered on folded metal chairs in the rehearsal studio in midtown , not far from the theater district . 
 the windows look out over broadway , five stories down , as cars and cabs scream by . 
 the sun beats through the glass , warming the studio more , even though the heat is already rasping through the radiators . 
 it 's january , but it 's hot in here and i 've rolled up the shirtsleeves on my white button-down shirt . 
 `` there will be no broadway spectacle to fall back on . 
 there will be no dancing paintbrushes or flying monkeys . 
 i 'm not going to ask anyone to fly in on cables from the balcony and perform aerial sequences , '' i say , like a football coach , giving the inspirational go-get-em team talk before the season starts . 
 i stand at the baby grand rehearsal piano , the music director at the bench , the choreographer leaning against the bright white wall on the other side of this room . 
 i take a beat , survey the wide-eyed talent and the jaded veterans that fill the chairs . 
 but even the vets , even those who have amassed fat bios and credits they can pick and choose , have their eyes on me . 
 except jill . 
 she 's staring hard at a point behind my head . 
 she has n't once made eye contact . 
 i 'm fine with that , though . 
 i 've been spending even more time than usual at the boxing gym , and more than an hour a day of hard hitting has helped erase the memory of that morning in my office when i could n't resist kissing her , when i had to know how her lips tasted . 
 the answer ? 
 sinful . 
 so i 've tried to blot out the way she responded instantly to my touch . 
 i have no room in my head or my heart for anything more with an actress . 
 not after the way things ended with madeline , when she left with barely a goodbye . 
 `` the key to this show is you , '' i say , pointing at the crew with both hands as i spread my arms wide , as if i could encompass them all . 
 `` we succeed and we fail based on what happens between all of you . 
 crash the moon is a story about passion and creativity and the limitless bounds of desire , both in art and in love . 
 it 's about one young woman 's artistic and sexual awakening . 
 it 's about a jealous man and an intense love , and it is very physical , and what 's going to make people not want to leave to take a piss during act one , to make them race back during intermission , and then get them cheering and shouting at curtain is what you - `` i stop and point to all of them , to the whole cast , from the chorus members to the supporting actors to patrick , alexis and jill '' - bring to the stage . '' 
 alexis sits in the front row , kicking one high-heeled foot back and forth , showing off bare legs even in the winter . 
 she takes pride in dressing like a starlet , and kudos to her-she 's got some marilyn thing going on with a white swirly dress and pinned-up hair . 
 my eyes stray to jill once more , and my mind wanders in spite of myself . 
 how i 'd love to see her in a low-cut white dress and stilettos . 
 dresses that offer so much access . 
 dresses that can be bunched up easily for doing things behind closed doors , or in alleys , or in stairwells . 
 dresses that shield what you do with your hands under tables at expensive restaurants . 
 her hands slipping beneath her skirt as i give her my directions . 
 hiding what she 's doing beneath that fabric as i deliver the instructions on how , when , and where to touch . 
 i 'd take a swallow of red wine , another bite of the steak , acting as if i 'm enjoying my meal , when what i 'm really enjoying is letting her know precisely how i want her to get herself off as i watch the expression on her face change . 
 i clench my fists once to extinguish these thoughts . 
 `` and if you ca n't handle that , if you 're too afraid , or if you 're a precious flower or a fragile thespian , then now would be the perfect time to leave . '' 
 i walk away from them , heading straight to the door . 
 i yank on the handle , pull it open and gesture to the exit , inviting the weaker of them to go . 
 `` if you ca n't leave your goddamn hearts hanging out and beating , then you should go . 
 because you do n't belong here . 
 if you 're staying , then you better be prepared to slice open a vein and let it bleed on stage . 
 because i will accept nothing less . '' 
 i hold the door open and wait , though i know they wo n't leave . 
 none of them want to . 
 still , they need to know how serious this is to me . 
 they also need to know they 're not in charge . 
 some of them shift in their chairs , glance at each other , peek at the door . 
 i shut the door hard , the snap of it echoing in the rehearsal studio . 
 this place is pristinely quiet now , punctuated only by their breathing . 
 `` so you 're all here , '' i say as i return to the front of the room , the soles of my shoes sounding on the freshly polished hardwood floors . 
 i stop and face them again . 
 `` you are here because you are the best . 
 but that 's not enough anymore . 
 being the best got you here . 
 i 'm going to get you the rest of the way and , on opening night in eight weeks , i want the audience to feel every ounce of your pain , every molecule of your passion . 
 is that clear ? '' 
 alexis raises her hand . 
 odd , because i was n't expecting a verbal response . 
 nor did i want one . 
 `` davis ? '' 
 so , fine . 
 there 's one actor who calls me by my first name . 
 i let her get away with it because there are only so many battles i want to fight with alexis . 
 i save my energy for the bigger ones . 
 `` yes , alexis ? '' 
 `` i think i speak for all of us when i say this is going to be the greatest show broadway has ever seen . '' 
 then she rises from her seat , turns to her cast mates , encourages them to stand and begins a round of cheers and clapping . 
 some stand , some stay seated . 
 some cheer , some do n't . 
 i glance briefly at jill . 
 her hands are resting in her lap . 
 she 's looking down at her feet now , but then she lifts her face and her beautiful blue eyes meet mine for the briefest of seconds . 
 maybe even a millisecond , but it 's as if the room goes silent and she 's the only one i see . 
 i want to stalk over to her , kneel at her feet , cup her face in my hands . 
 feel her melt into me again . 
 kiss her neck , taste her skin , trace the hollow of her throat with my tongue . 
 hear her gasp again . 
 i remind myself that i do n't date actresses . 
 i do n't develop feelings for them anymore . 
 except , there 's something about her-her humor , her toughness , her vulnerability , her beauty-that has already latched onto the fortress around my heart , threatening to undo me . 
 against all my better judgement . 
 i wave off the clapping . 
 `` enough . 
 `` alexis is about to open her mouth , but i hold up a hand . 
 `` let 's get to work . '' 
 and so , our first rehearsal begins . 
 * * * as soon as i see the pinstriped suit i groan . 
 don is waiting outside the rehearsal studio the next morning . 
 the billowing trench coat makes him look even more like a two-bit mobster , and the bluetooth headset that dangles from his ear completes the douchebag look . 
 he glares impatiently at his watch , but i 'm not late for a meeting with him because i do n't have a meeting with him . 
 in fact , i 'm early and the cast is n't due for another hour but the stage manager , shannon , and i are scheduled to review the songs and scenes we 'll be rehearsing today . 
 i brace myself for whatever unpleasantries he 's come to spew as i walk to the revolving door . 
 he holds up a hand . 
 `` davis , '' he says in a voice that grates on me . 
 `` don . '' 
 i stop walking . 
 a cold wind whips past us and don shivers , pulling his coat closer . 
 `` we need to talk . '' 
 `` ah , my four least favorite words . 
 what is it , don ? 
 make it fast , since shannon and i have several songs to run through in the next hour . '' 
 he clucks his tongue . 
 `` it 's come to my attention that you might be being a little harsh with your cast . '' 
 i laugh instantly . 
 oh , this is brilliant . 
 this is better than i could have imagined as the raison d'etre for him showing his face this fine morning . 
 `` oh really ? 
 we have a tattletale in our midst already ? '' 
 `` no , '' don lies . 
 `` but i 'd like you to be a little nicer . 
 maybe tone it down a bit , '' he says and demonstrates by pressing his palm downward . 
 `` i should let the actors be in charge ? 
 perhaps they can set the call sheet too ? 
 maybe even handle the blocking , the staging , and also direct themselves ? '' 
 `` of course not . 
 but i hope you understand that actors can be sensitive artists . 
 and when they think you 're kind of mean - '' i cut him off . 
 `` kind of mean ? 
 is that the sixth-grade level we 're playing at ? 
 let me guess . 
 alexis has your ear and said i was a dick when i told them to leave if they could n't give it their all ? '' 
 don affixes his best poker face . 
 `` i 'm not naming names , '' he says , but it does n't take a genius to know alexis is the narc . 
 i knew that woman would be trouble from day one . 
 `` what is it you want me to do differently ? '' 
 `` be nicer , okay ? '' 
 `` honestly ? 
 you came here to tell me to play nice ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he mumbles . 
 `` and , if i 'm not the complete doormat you want me to be are you going to pull that whole-wait-how did it work ? 
 oh , right . 
 that routine where you threaten to pay my exit clause ? '' 
 `` davis , '' he says , and deliberately tries to soften his voice . 
 `` i never did that . '' 
 i step closer to him , pointing my index finger in his lying face . 
 `` you did threaten to can me . 
 and you won the first time . 
 but if you keep coming around here , telling me how to run the show , then i 'll walk . 
 got it ? '' 
 he gulps , and says nothing . 
 `` am i clear ? 
 if this keeps up and you show your face every time alexis cries wolf , i will leave and then you can go find a new director . 
 because i wo n't have this kind of questioning . '' 
 he swallows again . 
 his eyes look like those of a dog admonished . 
 then he nods . 
 `` good , '' i say , then return to my best gentlemanly voice . 
 `` now , if you 'll excuse me i have a show to run . '' 
 i push hard on the revolving door , head into the lobby and press the elevator button . 
 i do n't look back . 
 i force myself to keep my eyes fixed on the elevator doors . 
 when it arrives i step inside and let out the breath i 've been holding . 
 i run a hand through my hair . 
 i try to shove off all the nerves i 'm feeling right now , because i hate it when i have to act . 
 i had no choice . 
 i needed to get him off my back , so i bluffed . 
 i played pretend . 
 because the truth is , i 'd never walk . 
 i 'd never leave this show . 
 he 'll have to throw me out kicking and screaming . 
 i am madly in love with crash the moon . 
 i love this show so much it hurts , and i swear it has nothing to do with the stunningly gorgeous and talented understudy who will walk into the rehearsal studio in sixty minutes . 
 alone last night , i tasted her lips again . 
 claimed her mouth with mine . 
 laced my fingers through hers and pressed her up against the wall , so she could n't move , and she did n't want to , because of the things i made her feel , and say , and scream . 
 sixty minutes and counting ... chapter 7 jill it has to be fate . 
 what else could it be when the subway doors rattle open and patrick steps inside at the next stop after mine ? 
 he 's so handsome i have to catch my breath . 
 it 's like looking at a monet ; he 's beautiful in the way that only masterpieces can be . 
 i grip the pole and i can literally feel a rush of warmth expanding from my chest all the way to my fingertips . 
 i am fluttery being near him , and when he locks eyes with me a spark of recognition flares . 
 `` hey there , '' he says , his eyes smiling . 
 `` hi , '' i manage to say , hoping it does n't come out in a breathy whisper that reveals all the years i 've longed for him . 
 `` you 're in the show , are n't you ? '' 
 `` chorus . 
 and understudy for ms. carbone . '' 
 `` that 's fantastic , '' he says and his smile lights up the train . 
 `` is this your first show ... ? '' 
 he pauses and waits for me to say my name . 
 `` jill . 
 jill mccormick . '' 
 `` i 'm patrick carlson . '' 
 i laugh nervously . 
 `` i know who you are . '' 
 `` what did you think of yesterday 's rehearsal ? 
 of davis ' patented first day speech ? '' 
 i do n't want to talk about davis with patrick . 
 i 've filed away all thoughts of my director that are less than professional . 
 `` it was great . 
 like it was scripted in some intense sports movie , '' i add , though there 's a part of me that feels sordid for discussing him at all with patrick . 
 the train shakes as it slows into the next stop and i grab harder onto the pole otherwise i might bump into him , and if i did that , i 'd probably shiver and shudder and blabber on about how he got me through many lonely nights full of self-loathing . 
 how the possibility of him started to heal all the dark places in my heart-places where i hated myself . 
 patrick tilts his head to the side . 
 `` you know , you look familiar . 
 and i do n't mean because of rehearsal . 
 but i feel like we 've met before . '' 
 i blurt out the truth . 
 `` we met when you did guys and dolls . 
 we talked and sang a few lines together . '' 
 his eyes widen , and a huge grin plays on his lips . 
 `` holy crap . 
 that was you ? 
 of course that was you . 
 that was a blast . '' 
 seeing his gorgeous features brighten as he remembers that moment fondly makes me want to bounce on my toes and punch a fist in the air . 
 praise the lord-patrick remembers me . 
 `` we did a hell of a duet , did n't we ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure why we have n't been offered a recording contract yet , '' i say . 
 he laughs , and it 's such an incredible feeling to have made patrick laugh . 
 `` we should rectify that , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 he 's flirting with me . 
 i ca n't wait to tell kat that we 're having a movie moment , that we 're connecting like the leads in a romantic comedy do . 
 soon , we 'll be making the audience swoon and say aw . 
 `` why do n't we come up with some numbers and put together a demo for the record labels ? 
 we 'll do all the great duets in musical theater history . 
 ` you and i ' from chess . 
 ` light my candle ' from rent , '' he says , and i love that he 's cleverly rattling off the best love songs , and i 'm about to toss in `` you 're the one that i want '' from grease when something shifts in his expression . 
 he furrows his eyebrows together . 
 `` wait a second . 
 you 're the one who sent me flowers , did n't you ? '' 
 my face flames beet red as the train crawls into the theater district . 
 forget our movie moment . 
 now he 's going to think i 'm a stalker creep . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i look down , out the door , away from him . 
 `` the flowers were beautiful , jill , '' he says as we reach our stop . 
 the doors open and he guides me out , placing his hand on my back protectively , as if he 's shielding me from any rushed , frenzied new yorkers who might bump into me . 
 crowds press around us , the sardine-like pack of new yorkers in the morning racing to work . 
 `` thank you , '' i mutter . 
 `` hey . '' 
 he stops walking before we reach the turnstiles , tugs me away from the crowd to make me look at him and meet his gaze . 
 `` i loved the flowers . 
 they lit up my dressing room at the gershwin . 
 and i wanted to respond in kind . 
 i wanted to say yes . 
 but i was involved with someone and , besides , i knew you were in high school . 
 and i did n't want to do anything inappropriate . '' 
 i gulp , crowds fanning out around us . 
 he 's a gentleman , too . 
 now i know the reason he never responded to the flowers . 
 he could never break my heart . 
 he was kind then , and thoughtful , always a good guy . 
 i needed a good guy after all that went wrong with aaron . 
 after all those things he said and did and wrote when we broke up . 
 the notes and the letters and the pleas . 
 i 've kept them locked up in a wooden box by my nightstand , but they seep in and out of my life at the most inopportune times . 
 `` that 's okay . 
 it was just a fun thing to do . 
 i 've admired you for so long , '' i say as he holds out his arm , letting me pass through the turnstiles first . 
 `` and now we 're acting together . 
 perhaps it 's fate . '' 
 my heart skips all its beats . 
 it 's fate he was on the subway . 
 it 's fate we 're in the same show . 
 it 's fate i saw him in guys and dolls . 
 because back then my life was falling apart . 
 back then , my heart was splintering into a thousand shards , and nobody knew why because i never told anyone . 
 when i was seventeen everything changed , and i kept it all to myself . 
 rather than open my mouth and tell someone-my mother , one of my brothers , one of my friends-running became my therapy , acting my salvation , patrick my pure , unbroken heart . 
 i could never be with anyone else and so i have n't . 
 i 've been completely alone since aaron . 
 no one but me has touched me . 
 because no one else has given me what this man has . 
 love that does n't hurt . 
 i need to find the perfect way to make this real with him . 
 * * * i do lunges as kat packs . 
 she 's heading to mystic tomorrow to see her parents , and to be feted at their gift shop where her necklaces have been selling like crazy . 
 she invited me to go with her and i want to be there , but rehearsal lasts until six and her party is at seven , so there 's no way i can make it . 
 she graduated from mba school a few weeks ago , and her kat harper necklaces have become amazingly popular and are now carried in boutiques and in the fancy elizabeth 's department stores around the country . 
 she 's running her jewelry business full-time , and planning a summer wedding in mystic where she and bryan first met . 
 yeah , she 's kind of sickeningly happy . 
 she considers a purple scarf with white stars , looping it around her neck and pouting at me like a glamour queen . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 `` oh , darling , purple is so your color . '' 
 `` you really ca n't leave rehearsal early ? '' 
 she tosses the scarf on top of her other clothes . 
 i switch legs and do more lunges . 
 i rarely sit still . 
 `` have you met davis milo ? 
 if you 're late , he paddles you . '' 
 she laughs . 
 `` really ? 
 got a bdsm director there , do you ? '' 
 i shrug , and look at the floor . 
 why am i even making stupid jokes about davis ? 
 but i ca n't seem to stop . 
 `` i would n't be surprised . 
 i bet he ties up all his conquests . '' 
 `` maybe i should leave the scarf with you then , '' she says , then winks . 
 `` i did n't say he was going to tie me up , '' i say , feeling the need to draw some sort of line between davis and me . 
 i did n't tell kat he kissed me at his office . 
 because it was a mistake . 
 because it wo n't happen again . 
 besides , i have n't thought about it since then . 
 `` would you let patrick tie you up though ? '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` i 'd let patrick do anything to me . 
 but i doubt that 's his style , '' i say because surely patrick is passionate but also loving , caring , and oh-so-sweet between the sheets . 
 he 'd never tie up a girl or talk dirty to her . 
 besides , he would n't have to . 
 he does n't need tricks or techniques like that . 
 `` have you ever been ? 
 you know , tied up ? 
 or handcuffed ? 
 or anything ? 
 like by stefan maybe ? 
 i could see him as the type . '' 
 i focus intently on a framed vintage poster of paris on kat 's wall . 
 `` no , '' i say softly , and it 's true , but it feels like a lie . 
 because nearly everything i told her about stefan was a lie . 
 she thinks i slept with him , that he 's some sort of wizard in the sack . 
 he 's a singer and we kissed once while we were at a club checking out a new band last year , but that was all . 
 look , it 's not as if i want to lie to kat about my love life , or lack thereof . 
 it 's not as if i do n't trust her . 
 but i do n't want to tell anyone the real story . 
 what would they think ? 
 that it was my fault , like aaron said ? 
 no , it 's hard enough to bear that . 
 besides , i 've kept it hidden for so long that i would n't even know how to exhume it from deep down inside me . 
 i sometimes wonder if the truth of what happened with aaron will be buried forever , like some archaeological relic that 's never uncovered . 
 at this point , i do n't know how to begin to dig down that far , so i craft my new story with tales that make me seem like a normal gal , like any other twenty-three-year-old in new york who 's dating and doing it . 
 the truth is i 've gone six years without sex . 
 i 'm not a saint , and i 'm definitely not a prude . 
 i think about sex just as much if not more-probably way more , all things considered-than the average woman . 
 i walk down the street and imagine epic , panty-melting , waves-crashing , out-of-this-universe sex . 
 i dream of deep , passionate kisses that ca n't be contained , that lead to bodies smashing into each other , to heated encounters , to promises of more . 
 but if i 'm going to be with someone again , i need to know it 's not a tainted kind of love . 
 that it 's not twisted . 
 that it ca n't be used against me . 
 or against someone else . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 i layer a salacious tone in my voice , so i can shift the attention back to her and off of my fictionalized love life . 
 `` does bryan have ropes for you ? '' 
 she laughs and shakes her head , then places her hand on her chest . 
 `` jill , let me introduce you to your vanilla friend kat . 
 but even so , it 's better than anything i 've ever read in a romance novel . 
 speaking of , i downloaded this hot new rock star erotica . 
 it 's scorching . 
 i 'll gift it to you . 
 maybe you can use it tomorrow when i 'm out of town . '' 
 i hold up my hand and waggle my fingers . 
 `` if only my ereader could vibrate . '' 
 at least now i 'm telling the truth . 
 the only sex i have is in my head . 
 i am masterful at solo flights . 
 i return to my room to get ready for bed , but i leave my ereader alone . 
 i ca n't go there tonight . 
 it would feel wrong . 
 instead , i cycle through my plan for tomorrow as i toss my jeans into the hamper . 
 i could try to catch patrick on the subway to ask him out , or try to find time with him alone at rehearsal . 
 the prospect makes me nervous as hell , and i feel as if my organs are all boinging around inside me . 
 but i remind myself that i 'm ready , that it 's time to step beyond the past . 
 i choose the perfect outfit to wear : a jean skirt , black tights , and a teal sweater . 
 maybe i 'll even wear a charm necklace kat made for me last fall with a beret on it for when i won the part in les mis . 
 i keep it hanging from the lamp on my nightstand so i can see it every day , and when i reach for it to lay it on top of my clothes , i 'm instantly reminded of what else is in the nightstand . 
 the small wooden box inside the top drawer . 
 i 've kept this box with me for six years . 
 and it 's calling out to me in a haunting voice , an ever-present reminder that i ca n't forget or ignore . 
 i answer the call once again . 
 i open the drawer on my nightstand , and i remove the box , place it in the middle of my bed , and take a deep , calming breath . 
 i know what 's inside , but this thing is a bomb nonetheless . 
 it 's living and ticking and it 's tried to destroy me before . 
 i reach inside the drawer , pull out a chain that holds a tiny key and unlock the wooden box . 
 before i even look at the pictures , i can see him perfectly-aaron . 
 dark hair , close-cropped , light brown eyes , and that dimple on the right side of his lips that made me fall for him . 
 his sense of humor , the jokes he made about our school mascot , the dozens of red roses he brought me when i played in our production of mamma mia . 
 those are the good things . 
 i reach into the box , my fingers shaky . 
 i take out a picture . 
 him and me at prom . 
 i 'm wearing a red dress that falls to my knees and my hair is in a french twist , with a few loose tendrils . 
 he 's unbearably handsome in his tux , that smile giving nothing away . 
 i open the note next , the folds in it so permanent now they 're like tattoos . 
 i read the first few lines . 
 `` god , i f ** king love you so much , jill . '' 
 that 's what gets me every time . 
 those words . 
 those awful , painful words . 
 i close the box , lock it and return it to the drawer . 
 * * * the next morning i 'm on the train , a cute knit cap pulled over my blow-dried hair , a red scarf wrapped around my neck , and a skirt on even though it 's winter . 
 but patrick does n't board at the same time . 
 or on the same car . 
 i peer into the car next to me , then head down to the other end , weaving in between passengers holding onto straps and poles . 
 i look in the window to another car . 
 no patrick there , either . 
 as i exit on fiftieth street , it only vaguely occurs to me that it would be really unusual to be on the same car of the same train at the exact same time every day . 
 i 'll have to snag some one-on-one time during rehearsal . 
 i walk up the steps and into the building with the studio , heading to the elevator panel to press the button . 
 `` hold the elevator . '' 
 i turn , and it 's davis . 
 `` please , '' he adds when he sees me . 
 he shifts to a playful tone and flashes a smile that feels as if it 's just for me . 
 his inky blue eyes twinkle and for the briefest of moments , i have this strange sense of him appraising me from stem to stern , surveying my body from the short gray boots that kat brought me from paris , to the black tights on my legs , to my blond hair peeking out from the hat . 
 it should bother me , his eyes on me , drinking me in , but it does n't . 
 maybe because it 's so fleeting , so brief , that i might have imagined it . 
 besides , i 'm guilty too of being less than professional in my random thoughts . 
 even though i have no intentions for him , given that it was all a mistake . 
 i try to delete from my head the conversation kat and i had about him last night as i speculated on his predilections . 
 but i keep thinking about that scarf and i can picture davis twining it around feminine wrists , pinning them , having his way . 
 fuck . 
 i ca n't go there . 
 i should n't go there . 
 what happened in his office was wrong . 
 `` elevator 's not even here yet , '' i say in an effort to focus on the innocuous . 
 `` i 'm sure there will be another one , '' he says , and i notice he 's not wearing a winter coat even though he 's just come in from the cold . 
 he wears jeans , shoes , and a white button-down shirt that must have been tailored for his chest . 
 he 's holding a coffee cup in one hand , and a sesame seed bagel in the other . 
 it 's only us in the lobby . 
 waiting . 
 i glance at davis again , and he 's not even shivering . 
 it 's like he 's made of iron , impervious to the elements . 
 `` do n't you ever get cold ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` you 're kind of badass . '' 
 his lips quirk up in a grin . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 then i press my hand against my mouth . 
 `` shit , '' i mutter . 
 the grin is erased and he now has this caring look in his eyes as he reaches a hand toward me , as if he 's about to rest it gently on my arm . 
 but he does n't , and i find myself missing the possibility of his touch . 
 he stops halfway , then pulls back before he asks , `` what 's wrong , jill ? '' 
 he seems so genuinely concerned . 
 it 's such a different side of him than i see in rehearsals with the whole cast . 
 `` sometimes i forget to turn on the filter that 's supposed to prevent me from saying things like that to my boss , '' i say , because that 's the only way i should think of him , and you should n't be too personal and chit-chatty with your boss . 
 but i ca n't get a read on him in any capacity . 
 it 's as if my finely-tuned internal calibrations on people-reading do n't work with him . 
 on the outside , i can size him up in seconds . 
 he 's the type of good-looking that could grace the pages of a gq ad , relaxing in a leather chair , a suit jacket tossed casually over the arm , wearing a crisp white shirt , a few buttons undone , holding a sturdy glass of scotch , his midnight blue eyes impossible to look away from . 
 when it comes to work , he 's a drill sergeant times fifty . 
 he 's a colonel keeping us all in line . 
 but he 's also an artist and a gentleman , and he has this soft side every now and then . 
 a side he seems to show to me . 
 davis milo is the strangest mix of sophisticated class and unbridled intensity i 've ever seen . 
 it 's as if a merchant ivory movie f ** ked a quentin tarantino flick and made him . 
 `` i really wish you would n't call me your boss , '' he says . 
 maybe he 's in the same boat , too , and ca n't get a read on how to be with me . 
 `` but you are , are n't you ? '' 
 i say , and then realize that the question-aren ' t you-has taken on a life of its own and sounds flirtatious . 
 i did n't mean it to come across that way . 
 i do n't know why i said it like that . 
 i do n't know why i 'm leaning closer to him and volleying back , but maybe it 's because the air around us feels warmer , sharper , and i want more of it . 
 more of the mistake . 
 he tilts his head to the side . 
 he keeps his eyes on me , not letting go . 
 something about the way he looks at me makes me want to tell him things , to open up , to share all sorts of secrets i 've never told anyone else . 
 his dark blue eyes are so pure and unflinching that they seem to demand nothing less than total honesty . 
 of course , that 's his style , that 's his mo , that 's how he directs and elicits the most compelling performances from actors , by demanding unwavering truth on stage . 
 he does n't respond to my question . 
 the silence expands , an electric kind of quiet , and soon i ca n't take the tension . 
 `` my boss , '' i add , as if i have to explain , but my voice seems feathery , like it belongs to someone else . 
 `` technically , i 'm not your boss . 
 the producers are . 
 i 'm only your director . '' 
 that 's all he says , and i ca n't tell if he 's returning the serve , or if he 's just a master at handling actors . 
 at handling me . 
 i look up at the sign above the elevator that indicates what floor it 's on . 
 third floor . 
 the elevator chugs , and it 'll be here any minute , and then i 'll be alone in it with him . 
 my mind gallops off to all the sexy scenes i 've ever read that take place in an elevator . 
 part of me wants to put an end to the imaginings , but the other part of me wants to unleash them . 
 i ca n't take that chance . 
 `` i 'm going to take the stairs , '' i say , and turn on my heels . 
 `` good idea . '' 
 chapter 8 davis i take a bite of my bagel as we round the first landing , chewing as i watch her walk up the stairs . 
 i should look away , but her legs are an unfair advantage : strong , shapely , and impossibly long . 
 too bad they 're covered in tights . 
 but then , i reason , as we round another flight , perhaps that barrier is a good thing . 
 `` how 's your coaching going ? '' 
 she turns around briefly , casting me a curious look as she keeps walking . 
 the sound of her boots hitting each of the concrete steps echoes . 
 `` how did you know i was a running coach ? '' 
 `` because i looked you up before i called you in , '' i say , with a-matter-of-fact tone . 
 `` the internet is a wonderful thing . 
 i research all actors i 'm seriously considering casting . '' 
 `` oh , '' she says , and there 's the faintest note of being let down in her voice , as if she wanted me to have looked her up just for her . 
 `` coaching is good , '' she continues . 
 `` i scaled back a bit when i got the part , but i 'm still working with a core group of women who are training for a breast cancer awareness run to raise funds for research . '' 
 `` that 's great . 
 takes a lot of discipline to do that , to run every day . 
 i imagine it takes even more discipline to have run five marathons . '' 
 `` yes . 
 i am immensely disciplined , '' she says and there 's something veiled in her answer , so i ca n't help but wonder what other areas she is equally disciplined about . 
 `` in fact , i 've learned all the lines already . '' 
 oh , so that 's what she meant . 
 my mind was drifting off to tawdrier shores . 
 she stops briefly on the landing to the fourth floor . 
 i stop , too . 
 she turns and wheels on me , and a look of frustration mingled with a hopeless sort of desperation crosses her gorgeous face . 
 `` you ca n't just do this . 
 you ca n't keep coming in and out of my life , '' she says , her voice nearly breaking . 
 i step closer to her , worry pounding through me . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i say , but i do n't know what i 've done wrong . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 she smiles , the kind you flash when you 've pulled something off . 
 `` it 's from the show . 
 act ii , scene five . 
 near the end . '' 
 `` damn , '' i breathe out , shaking my head , and matching her grin . 
 `` you had me . 
 you were so convincing that it did n't even occur to me you were giving me a line . 
 because i know them all too . '' 
 though i 'm not an actor and would never want to be one , i shift into paolo seamlessly with one tilt of the head , one cocky stare . 
 `` but i 'm in your life . 
 i 'm in it , ava , '' i say , emphatically . 
 we 're no longer in the stairwell . 
 we 're in an art gallery , where this scene takes place and ava is angry with paolo because he 's shown up when she did n't expect him . 
 with every word crisply enunciated , because ava is through with all their ups and downs , she commands , `` then be in it . '' 
 `` i will if you 'll stop pushing me out . '' 
 i step closer to her . 
 `` i never did that and you know it , '' she says , fixing me a tough stare , but she does n't back away . 
 i pause . 
 breathe . 
 let go of the anger . 
 `` ava , i ca n't stand this fighting anymore . '' 
 she raises her eyebrows playfully . 
 `` let 's do something other than fight then . '' 
 then , her eyes soften . 
 she reaches for my face with tentative fingers . 
 `` you have something on your ... '' i frown , puzzled by the words that do n't fit . 
 `` that 's not the next line . 
 the next line is i have something in mind - '' she cuts me off . 
 `` no , i was going to say you have a sesame seed right here . '' 
 she taps her chin lightly to demonstrate . 
 `` oh . '' 
 i swipe once to wipe it off . 
 `` you missed , '' she says softly , and now we 're done with lines . 
 it 's just us . 
 `` davis , '' she adds , and it 's halfway to an invitation because she 's talking to me now , not paolo , and she 's still got that seductive tone in her voice . 
 i want to hear her say davis in other ways . 
 i want her to say my name because she ca n't not . 
 because she 's reaching for me , and pulling me deeper , and because i 'm doing things to her that drive her so wild she says my name in a breathless , fevered way . 
 i want her to say my name to ask for it , to plead for it , to beg for it . 
 she sweeps her thumb across my chin gently . 
 i hitch in a breath as she touches me . 
 `` i got it , '' she whispers , flicking the errant sesame seed quickly to the floor . 
 i do n't know if she 's jill or ava anymore , but i do n't care because now she 's running her thumb across my jawline , and the barest touch from her makes me hard . 
 `` did you find any more ? '' 
 i ask , in a low , hoarse voice . 
 she shakes her head , her hair moving with the slightest swoosh , enough that i catch a faint scent of her pineapple shampoo that already is her scent to me . 
 the one that will always make me think of her . 
 now she 's running her index finger across my lower lip , and that 's it . 
 that 's all i can take . 
 `` jill , '' i warn . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` if you keep doing that ... '' i let my voice trail off . 
 she keeps doing it , tracing my lips with her finger , obliterating all my willpower . 
 i place my coffee and bagel on the stairs then grab her wrists , walk her two steps backward . 
 she 's up against the concrete wall . 
 her lips are parted and her eyes are full of lust . 
 i hold tight to her wrists as i capture her mouth with mine . 
 she lets out the tiniest little whimper at the first touch of my lips . 
 i want to kiss her hard and hungry , because she makes me feel that way . 
 but i want her to know i 'm in control , that i 'm leading now , not her . 
 without breaking my hold on her wrists , i trace her lips with the tip of my tongue , slowly , torturously . 
 she tries to deepen the kiss , grappling at me with her sinfully delicious mouth but i take my time , tormenting her with my tongue , leaving her no room to think of anything else but how she 'd feel if i were doing this to her in other places . 
 i move to her jawline , kissing her there , then teasing my way to her earlobe , flicking my tongue against her skin . 
 `` is that what you wanted me to do ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 `` yes , '' she pants . 
 `` is that why you touched me ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` have you been thinking about me since that day in my office ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` do n't lie to me . '' 
 she inhales sharply , then whispers in a ragged voice . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i let go of her wrists , and they fall to her sides . 
 i untie the belt of her jacket looped at her waist , then undo each button on her coat , letting the fabric fall open . 
 `` i hate winter , '' i say . 
 `` too many layers . '' 
 then i pull back to look at her . 
 she 's wearing a v-neck sweater that makes her br ** sts look fantastic . 
 her ni ** les harden under my gaze . 
 i finger the bottom of her sweater , careful not to take this too far , but dying to know what her skin feels like . 
 i lift the fabric , and run my fingers across the soft skin of her stomach . 
 she shivers , practically vibrating with sexuality . 
 it 's as if her body is on a low hum , waiting for the right person to turn her all the way up , all the way on . 
 so i give her what she wants , slanting my mouth against hers and kissing her hard and rough , so she 'll still be able feel me later when she 's all alone . 
 she responds instantly , grabbing my hair , pulling me closer , tangling her tongue with mine . 
 it 's a hungry kiss , as i explore her mouth , tasting her lipstick until i nearly lose my mind with the need to know more of her body . 
 every inch of her . 
 her hands drop to my waist and she tugs harder , as if she 's trying to erase any distance between us . 
 i follow her cues , giving her what she wants , rolling my h * ps against her . 
 her hands are on my ass in a second , grappling and yanking me against her . 
 she pushes back , thrusting her body against mine , and it takes all my self-control not to hike up her skirt , to touch her under those tights , to learn exactly how much more she wants . 
 instead we kiss like that , frenzied and fast , bodies smashed together , but never quite going too far . 
 at some point we pull apart for air . 
 she 's breathing heavily but she 's smiling too , and everything about her is starting to lower my defenses , from the sweet curve of her lips , to the glow in her blue eyes , to her talent and the way she was meant to play this role . 
 it 's eating me alive not to ask her to have dinner with me . 
 to start something with her . 
 to take her out , and romance her , the way i want to . 
 i let that sweetness she has work its way through me , and i tell her something i should n't be saying . 
 `` i wanted to cast you as ava . 
 i wanted you over alexis . '' 
 her eyes widen . 
 `` you did ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i say and more words pour out because i want her to know what i see in her . 
 i want her to know that she 's my discovery . 
 i found her , i called her in , i chose her . 
 `` you were my first choice , jill . 
 the producers insisted on alexis because of her credits , '' i add , taking a chance that she wo n't think me weak for not having the final say . 
 but i risk it . 
 `` but i wanted you and only you as ava . '' 
 i leave a quick kiss on her neck that makes her shudder before i speak again . 
 `` you can play her , and you will play her . 
 hell , you are her . 
 i can feel her pain in you . 
 her secrets . 
 her sadness . 
 how wounded she is . 
 most of all , i can feel her hope . '' 
 she bites her lip and breathes out on the last word . 
 i think her cheeks might be turning red . 
 slowly , as if she 's enchanted , she brings her hand to her heart . 
 `` really ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` you 're going to be such a big f ** king star , jill . 
 i want the world to know i discovered you . '' 
 `` thank you , '' she says . 
 `` i 'm so happy to have this chance so early in my career to work with you . '' 
 her eyes are filled with such genuine happiness , and it 's a look i immediately recognize , one that sends me back in time right along with her words . 
 so early in my career . 
 i can picture madeline , how thrilled she was when i called her in for an audition after seeing her in a tiny little workshop production , how over the moon she was to be cast in one of her first shows , how hopelessly we fell in love as we worked together on world enough and time three years ago in san diego . 
 it breaks me , the way jill looks at me now the way madeline did then . 
 i know the ending . 
 i ca n't go there again , because she is all my weaknesses . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` fuck . 
 rehearsal is about to start . 
 i ca n't be late . 
 and we ca n't keep doing this . '' 
 `` right , '' she says in a shaky voice . 
 `` we just ca n't , '' i repeat , because i 'm the one who needs convincing . 
 `` i know , '' she says , with resignation now . 
 `` this has to stop . 
 the show is too important . '' 
 she thinks it 's because of the show . 
 but it 's more than that . 
 `` jill . 
 i do n't date actresses , '' i say in a firm , harsh voice that 's more for me than for her . 
 it comes out more cruelly than i intended . 
 she rearranges her features , erasing the happiness , erasing the aftereffects of what we just did . 
 `` well , that 's fine with me . 
 because i 'm in love with someone else anyway . '' 
 she adjusts her coat , pulling it closed and walks up the stairs . 
 `` then you really should n't kiss me like that , '' i call out to her , and this time i intend it to sound harsh . 
 she gives me one sharp cold stare before she pushes open the door to the stairwell . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i should n't . '' 
 chapter 9 jill when rehearsal ends i head for the ladies room to reapply my lip gloss . 
 if i can catch patrick on the way out , i 'm going to ask him out . 
 i ca n't keep falling into my director 's arms when the man i 've been waiting for is here at last . 
 i push this morning into the trunk of forgotten memories , then lock it up and throw away the key . 
 there . 
 done . 
 gone . 
 as i smack my lips together , one of my cast mates , shelby , pops in . 
 she 's a few years older and a chorus girl too . 
 she 's an amazing dancer and has a sort of ballroom flare to her moves , all h * ps and sexy sway . 
 `` hey there , '' she says . 
 `` the whole cast is going out to zane 's for drinks . 
 want to join ? '' 
 the whole cast . 
 yes , that 'll be my chance ! 
 `` sure , that sounds great . '' 
 `` cool . 
 i need to grab my bag , so meet me by the elevator . '' 
 i leave the restroom and head for the elevator . 
 i spot davis talking to alexis inside the doorway of one of the rehearsal studios . 
 her hand is on his arm , and something flares inside me when i see them . 
 i try to look away , but i ca n't . 
 she 's like a villain in a marvel comic book , all over-the-top campy , and she has these hideous long red fingernails that she 's digging into his arm , as if she owns him . 
 `` of course you 're the best , alexis , '' i hear him say in a low voice . 
 `` you know there 's no one i 'd rather have as ava . 
 no one in the whole wide world . '' 
 she loosens her grip and then pulls him in for a wide embrace . 
 what the hell ? 
 he told me this morning i 'm the one he wanted to cast . 
 he seemed so incredibly sincere . 
 was he lying to me ? 
 or is he lying to her ? 
 or is he playing us both ? 
 ding , ding , ding ! 
 i can hear the bell going off in my head , because i 've figured him out . 
 he thinks we are all fragile little flowers who need praise like we need the sun . 
 so he gives it to us , and that 's how he coaxes out such great performances . 
 insidiously clever , and totally machiavellian . 
 i have to hand it to him . 
 i was fooled . 
 i wanted his words to be true . 
 i want to believe i was his first choice . 
 a hot rush of anger floods my veins , and i 'm dying to march up to him and tell him not to toy with me ever again-neither with kisses that i can feel for days , nor those words that undercut . 
 but i wo n't give him the satisfaction on either front , so i do n't look at them as i walk by , stepping into the elevator with shelby . 
 `` that dance number was brutal , '' shelby says , stretching her neck from side to side , as i force myself to eradicate davis and his puppeteering ways from my brain . 
 i do n't have any extra mental real estate to devote to him . 
 `` i thought i was going to die . '' 
 `` yeah , totally , '' i say , even though it 's not true . 
 the dance number was all cardio , and i 'm kind of like a wizard at cardio . 
 but i also really like fitting in . 
 so i even tack on an addendum , `` i think i might collapse later because of that number . '' 
 shelby gives me a pointed but playful look . 
 `` drinks before collapsing . '' 
 `` but of course . '' 
 at the bar i look around for patrick , but he 's not here yet . 
 alexis has joined the crew , though she 's off in the back of the bar with her publicist , so i hang out with the other chorus members at some tables we 've pulled together . 
 i down a beer and we talk about the show , and other shows we 've done . 
 when kelly clarkson 's `` catch my breath '' starts on the bar 's sound system , a group of us grab our imaginary microphones and start to sing along , loud and boisterous and totally on pitch . 
 when the number ends , the other bar goers clap and cheer , and some even hoot and holler . 
 i head to the bar to order another beer . 
 as i wait , i take out my phone and text my brother chris in california . 
 we talk-okay , we text-every day , and i like to keep him up to date on my life . 
 maybe it 's my way of making up for the things i never told him about aaron . 
 we were close growing up , and he always looked out for me , but somehow i was never able to get the words out , to sit him down , to tell him what i 'd done and all that had gone wrong . 
 the least i can do is give him details of my life now that i 'm living on my own in new york city . 
 it 's like i 'm making up for my silence years ago . 
 rehearsal is great . 
 but director is strange . 
 i send off the note , wondering briefly why i brought up davis since i 've got him figured out . 
 right ? 
 there ca n't be any more to him than a master craftsman who knows how to use each tool perfectly . 
 we are the tools . 
 and boy , did he know how to manipulate me by telling me i was the one he really wanted for ava , and then saying the same thing to alexis . 
 chris writes back quickly . 
 define strange . 
 but i do n't know how to define strange and i do n't even know why i wrote to chris about davis . 
 i make something up . 
 you know , like broadway director strange . 
 he replies : i know this may shock you , but i know nothing of broadway directors . 
 btw , i 'm probably coming to nyc next month for a work trip . 
 can you make some time for your big bro ? 
 i nearly squeal . 
 i have n't seen chris in a year . 
 yes !!!! i put my phone away and shelby joins me at the bar , pushing a hand through her dark , wavy hair . 
 `` on a scale of one to ten , how hot is patrick carlson ? '' 
 i nearly spit out my beer . 
 but then i realize i 'm not the only one in the cast with , you know , eyes . 
 nor am i the only one who is possessed with feminine hormones . 
 `` ten million , '' i admit . 
 `` is he coming tonight ? '' 
 `` i heard he was on his way . 
 he 's carved by the gods or something , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` i worked with him in south pacific two years ago , and everyone was in love with him . 
 you should have seen our dressing room , and heard all the times we talked about how beautiful he is . 
 pathetic . 
 like some sort of shrine made by lovesick teenagers . 
 that 's what he does to women . 
 he was dating christine in phantom at the time , but we were still practically clinging to him . '' 
 `` is he still with her ? '' 
 `` not that i know of . 
 but he 's a freak of nature . 
 a dancing , singing , acting gorgeous straight man who 's also the nicest guy around ? 
 he 'll be taken by opening night if he 's not already dating a supermodel . '' 
 `` yeah , he 's a rare find , is n't he ? '' 
 i say coolly , but inside my nerves are unraveling . 
 i need to make a move as soon as he arrives tonight . 
 then it hits me-what if shelby has her sights set on him ? 
 i do n't want to be the kind of woman who goes after a guy her friend is eyeing . 
 even though i hardly know shelby , i have a rule-once we sit down for drinks we 're buds , and i do n't violate the girl code . 
 i 'm practically crossing all my fingers and toes as i ask the next question . 
 `` are you going to pursue something with him ? '' 
 shelby laughs , and shakes her head . 
 `` no , but if you like him you should go for it . 
 i just like to window shop . 
 i 'm taken . '' 
 she waggles her hand , showing me a gumball-sized sparkly rhinestone ring . 
 `` it 's not a real diamond , obviously . 
 more a promise of a ring to come . 
 i 'm involved with someone . 
 he 's an actor too . '' 
 `` oh cool . 
 what 's he in ? '' 
 she sighs , and her brown eyes look sad . 
 `` nothing right now . 
 he just moved to los angeles since pilot season is starting . 
 he 's hoping to land something soon . 
 he 's working as a personal trainer in between auditions . '' 
 `` what about you . 
 are you acting full-time ? '' 
 `` i used to moonlight as a hair stylist . 
 i worked at one of the blowout salons for a while , and did a ton of updos for weddings . 
 i loved it . 
 i 've been doing hair for fun my whole life . 
 but now i mostly do voice-overs to support myself and then this kind of gig , of course , when i land one . '' 
 `` that 's so cool that you can do hair , though . 
 i grew up with two brothers and my mom worked all the time , so my french braids are pretty much the worst ever . 
 we 're talking lumpy , bumpy , and strands out of place everywhere . '' 
 `` you 'd look gorgeous with a french braid , with that perfect long blond hair . 
 i 'm going to do yours next time we 're bored at rehearsal because mine are epic . 
 i did hair for maria when i was a nun in the sound of music back in high school . '' 
 `` nun and hair stylist for the school production ? '' 
 `` yup . 
 is n't that crazy ? 
 but we were killing time while the von trapp kids were rehearsing so i did maria 's hair , and voila . 
 as soon as the director saw my handiwork he had me styling maria 's hair every night for the week-long production . '' 
 `` maybe davis will enlist you then for your mad hair skills . '' 
 she pulls back and gives me a you-can ` t-be-serious look , and for a moment i think i must have offended her . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean to imply you would have to work double . '' 
 `` no . 
 that 's not it , '' she says with a laugh . 
 `` do you really call him davis ? 
 no one calls him davis , except for alexis . 
 he 's milo to everyone . '' 
 red starts to rush to my cheeks . 
 `` i did n't mean anything by that . 
 i just ... '' but my voice trails off because i do n't know what to say about why i call him davis . 
 i call him that because he asked me to . 
 because that 's who he is to me . 
 `` i 'd say to go for it with him , because he 's got that whole tall , dark and broody thing going on , but he does n't date actresses . '' 
 my head swims from hearing this the second time today . 
 is this some commonly known fact about him ? 
 `` oh yeah ? '' 
 i ask , trying to sound as disinterested as i want to be . 
 `` yeah , ever since madeline blaine - '' then she cuts herself off . 
 `` hey beautiful ! '' 
 she catches someone 's eye and waves . 
 i follow her gaze , and my heart leaps to my throat when i see him . 
 patrick walks over to us and wraps shelby in a big hug . 
 when he lets go of her , it 's my turn to be the recipient of a patrick hug . 
 i wish i could say it happens in slow motion , and he lingers on me , and that it feels like coming home-this first real contact of ours . 
 but all i know is the embrace ends far too quickly . 
 `` hey jill ! 
 how are you ? '' 
 `` great ! '' 
 the bartender scurries over , and i can only surmise that he recognizes patrick . 
 `` what can i get for you , sir ? '' 
 `` i 'll have what they 're having , '' he says , placing one hand on my shoulder and one on shelby 's , as if the three of us are long-time friends now . 
 shelby was right-he is the nicest guy . 
 as he waits for his beer , the three of us chat about today 's rehearsal , then shelby excuses herself for the restroom , leaning in to whisper to me , `` go for it . '' 
 it 's now or never , i reason , and it 's just patrick and me at the wooden bar . 
 one republic 's `` feel again '' plays on the bar 's stereo system , and i will forever remember this as the soundtrack to the moment i 've waited for , for so long . 
 `` i love this song , '' i say , as i begin . 
 `` we should add it to our demo . '' 
 he snaps his fingers in approval , then launches into the song , singing to me . 
 his voice is the most beautiful sound i 've ever heard , like a dream , and it gives me chills . 
 he drowns out one republic in seconds and patrick is all i hear , every note , every word , making my heart beat wildly . 
 the lyrics feel so true , and he 's not dismissing a song i love . 
 instead , he 's inviting me into it , gesturing for me to join him . 
 i layer on the next words and here we are again , meant to be . 
 clearly , we are meant to sing together , and perhaps , to be together . 
 our voices mesh , even in the bar with the sounds of glasses being washed and beer being poured and orders being taken . 
 then , meeting my eyes , we sing the chorus together . 
 `` with you i feel again ... '' when we stop , he smiles at me . 
 it 's such a magnetic smile , sweet and beguiling at the same time . 
 six years from afar have led me to now . 
 i take a deep breath and go for it . 
 `` the flowers i sent you after guys and dolls ? 
 i hope you 're not seeing anyone , because if you 're not , i 'm seizing the moment and thinking maybe six years later , i could try again and ask you to have coffee with me . '' 
 `` a date ? '' 
 he asks cautiously , but there 's a twinkle in his eyes , as if he likes the idea . 
 it 's enough for me to keep going . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he steps closer , takes my hands as if he 's some sort of old-fashioned gentleman come to court me . 
 oh , how i love that idea . 
 court me , take me , romance me . 
 he looks at me softly , and i 'm halfway to heaven as he gives the only answer i 've ever wanted . 
 `` i would love to go on a date with you , jill . '' 
 then there 's a pause , and i wait nervously for him to fill it . 
 `` but ... '' that word punches me in the chest with its three awful letters , and i wait for the rest of rejection . 
 `` i have a rule about dating co-workers during the delicate stage of a show 's rehearsal , because we all want to make sure the show is the best it can be . 
 let 's use this time to get to know each other as friends . 
 learn if we can hang out together as well as we sing together . '' 
 `` yes , '' i say and we 're still holding hands , so i squeeze back , and it feels good . 
 warm and friendly . 
 `` why do n't we have coffee this weekend ? 
 maybe even sunday afternoon ? '' 
 honestly , he does n't even have to finish the sentence . 
 he could be taking me to see a revival of cats at three in the morning . 
 i ca n't stand that show , but i 'd say yes . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` so it 's not-a-date , then , '' he says in a playful voice as shelby returns . 
 `` how are you two doing ? '' 
 `` fantastic , '' patrick says then winks at me , and like that , my day has moved from utterly confusing to thoroughly wonderful . 
 then , my skirt is soaked . 
 `` what the ... ? '' 
 i turn around to see alexis has crashed into me , and the beer she was holding is now spreading in a puddle across my clothes . 
 `` oh dear , i 'm so sorry , '' she starts , feigning contrition . 
 then her tone turns dismissive . 
 `` whatever your name is . '' 
 `` it 's jill , and you just spilled your beer all over me , '' i say , annoyed . 
 she narrows her eyes and looks down her nose at me . 
 `` i said i was sorry . 
 you do n't have to be snotty . '' 
 i hold up my hands . 
 `` i was n't snotty . 
 i 'm just covered in hops now . '' 
 patrick hands me a napkin , ever the knight in shining armor . 
 i try to blot up the mess , but it 's all over me . 
 `` excuse me , '' i say , and head for the bathroom because i 'd rather not paw at my skirt in front of everyone . 
 i rub the cloth napkin against my clothes , but i 'm fighting a losing battle . 
 even my tights are wet . 
 `` this sucks , '' i mutter . 
 someone opens the door . 
 i look up to see alexis stumble into the bathroom , her crystal blue eyes steely and cold . 
 `` you . '' 
 she points a finger at me , and i want to smack her , and i want to smack davis too for telling her she was the only one . 
 `` whatever your name is . 
 this is n't going to be some all about eve situation here . '' 
 i can smell the beer on her breath . 
 `` i never implied it would be . '' 
 she snorts . 
 `` oh right . 
 oh sure . 
 i know your type . 
 you want my part . 
 i 'll be watching you , and i wo n't be the only one . 
 if i even think for one second that you 're trying to pull something on me , your career will be over like that . '' 
 she snaps a finger . 
 the gesture is so over-the-top . 
 oh , that 's it . 
 that does it . 
 the gloves are off . 
 `` you 've got to be kidding me , alexis . 
 i 'm not sure if you got the memo , but take a look around . 
 there are n't any hidden cameras and we 're not actually on a reality show where you need to say and do annoying things like that . '' 
 i lean in a bit closer so she knows i 'm serious . 
 `` so why do n't you stop focusing on me , and focus on the job you were hired to do instead ? '' 
 i give her a wink , turn on my heel and leave her standing there with her mouth open while i enjoy a small victory from getting the last word in . 
 a victory that feels entirely pyrrhic when i have to say goodbye to patrick and shelby since my clothes are wet . 
 chapter 10 davis my sister takes a sip of the white wine she 's ordered . 
 she nods approvingly at the waiter holding the bottle . 
 he pours more into her glass and then tips the bottle towards me . 
 i decline with a curt wave . 
 i 'm not in the mood tonight . 
 he bows and walks off . 
 michele stares hard then imitates me , adopting a frown and then a standoffish little shrug that mirrors mine . 
 `` are we going there again ? '' 
 `` well , you 've barely said a word . '' 
 `` we just got here five minutes ago . '' 
 `` well , that 's five minutes of talking we could have done . '' 
 `` you talk all day long for your job . 
 do n't you ever want to not talk ? '' 
 `` surprisingly , i actually like talking . 
 and i thought you talked too ? 
 oh wait , you tell people what to do , '' she says , then flashes me the biggest just kidding smile in the world , that makes it nearly impossible for me to stay annoyed with her . 
 because , honestly , how can i stay annoyed with my little sister ? 
 `` but is n't that what you do , too , with all the little pills you prescribe ? '' 
 i joke , giving it right back to her since this is what michele and i do . 
 we needle each other , poke , prod and get under the other 's skin . 
 `` touche . '' 
 i take a drink of my water as michele savors another swallow of her wine . 
 she rolls her eyes in that appreciative way tv chefs have when they taste something delicious . 
 `` this is divine , '' she says as she holds up the glass . 
 `` so what 's with the whole enigmatic , broody thing you have going on today ? 
 crap day at rehearsal ? '' 
 i shrug , but i do n't want to get into the details of what happened in the stairwell this morning . 
 details i ca n't get out of my mind . 
 `` it was fine . '' 
 we 're at a too-cool-for-words restaurant on canal street , not far from my loft . 
 this place is called the cutlery drawer and there 's not a matching utensil in the place . 
 the tables are all black lacquer , the floor is charcoal gray tile and the utensils are a strange mixed-up mess . 
 my sister picked it . 
 i think it 's more fitting for a nightclub , but this is her hobby . 
 she spends her days prescribing pharmaceuticals for all sorts of mental health issues and her nights researching the newest eateries in manhattan for us to check out . 
 she narrows her dark brown eyes and leans across the table . 
 `` i do n't believe you , davis . '' 
 `` you do n't believe that i had a fine day at rehearsal ? '' 
 `` i know you . 
 when you say fine it means shitty . 
 something 's bothering you . '' 
 `` i swear , some days i wish you were n't a genius shrink at such a young age . '' 
 she raises an eyebrow . 
 `` i was right then . '' 
 i say nothing . 
 she softens her tone . 
 `` c'mon , davis . 
 what is it ? 
 i hate to see you all wound up . '' 
 `` it 's nothing , '' i huff out , but we 're past the point of her believing me . 
 `` i do n't want to talk about me . 
 is robert still giving you trouble ? '' 
 she waves a hand in the air dismissively at the mention of the jerk she went out with last year that cheated on her and then tried to grovel his way back into her heart . 
 he kept showing up on the stoop of her building night after night , bearing gifts of apology : boxes of chocolate and red roses that all lined the trash can the next day . 
 when she finally told me what he 'd been doing , i was there the next night on the stoop to greet him , and make it clear he was never to come around again . 
 `` it 's over . 
 it 's totally over . 
 i told you . 
 i have n't even heard from him in ages . '' 
 `` he 'd better not be calling , either . '' 
 `` he 's not . '' 
 `` i do n't even want you to respond to any texts from him . '' 
 `` he does n't text me anymore , '' she says , raising her voice . 
 `` good . 
 if he tries to get in touch with you , you need to let me know . '' 
 `` what , so you can hit him ? '' 
 `` if i have to , i will . '' 
 `` i know , '' she says , with a sigh . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 you have to stop worrying about me . '' 
 `` what else would i do , then ? 
 i just want you to be happy . '' 
 `` i could say the same for you . '' 
 `` i am happy , '' i say , even though there 's a hollow ring to the words . 
 `` what about you ? 
 are you being careful with your new show ? '' 
 i pick up a fork and twirl it between my thumb and forefinger , looking away . 
 `` yes , '' i mutter , because now she 's back to seeing right through me . 
 she presses her palms together , almost as if she 's praying . 
 `` please tell me you 're not falling for some captivating young actress who 'll break your heart again ? '' 
 i drop the fork . 
 `` oh , davis , '' she says , worry etched in her features . 
 `` michele , i 'm fine , '' i tell her , because it 's up to me to look out for her , not the other way around . 
 i look down at the menu , so she ca n't read the expression on my face that clearly says i 've been busted . 
 `` i do n't believe you . 
 i do n't want to see you get hurt again . 
 i hate what madeline did to you . '' 
 `` she just left , that 's all . 
 okay ? 
 please , let 's stop investing this and her with so much monumentality . 
 besides , it was a few years ago now . '' 
 i do n't want to dwell on madeline blaine . 
 i do n't want to revisit all the promises we made , all the things we said to each other . 
 most of all i do n't want to be reminded of how much it hurt when she walked away soon after the play we worked on together ended . 
 you gave me my first big break and for that i will be forever grateful , but i do n't have time in my life for love . 
 i need to focus on my career and only on my career . 
 then she went to la and did just that . 
 it 's not like i expected a f ** king plaque for having cast her , for having plucked her out of the pile of young hopefuls . 
 that 's my job , that 's what i do . 
 i would never expect her to owe me anything as her director . 
 as the man she fell in love with though , i had hoped for a lot more than a cold goodbye after the curtains fell . 
 but that 's how it goes with actors . 
 they fall in love with their roles , they fall in love with the show , they fall in love with you . 
 then it ends and they move on , because they know how to turn emotions on and off . 
 `` i read she was in talks to do that new steve martin play . 
 i 'm totally not going to see it , even though i love his work , '' she says , as if she 's making a solidarity statement by boycotting this show preemptively . 
 `` let 's talk about something else . 
 health care reform or the impasse in congress , '' i say sharply , because i need to shut this topic down . 
 my sister is the only person who really knows me . 
 sometimes i hate being known . 
 sometimes i prefer the appearance i 've carefully crafted with my work . 
 my sister is insistent though . 
 she reaches her hand across the table to wrap it around mine . 
 `` i know you worry about me , but i worry about you too . 
 just let me , okay ? 
 you 're all i have . '' 
 the waiter appears with a plate of bread . 
 `` thank you , '' i say to him . 
 `` but of course , sir . '' 
 he leaves . 
 i grab a piece of bread and bite into it . 
 when i finish , i point to the bread . 
 `` you should have some , '' i say , reminding her to eat . 
 she always forgets to when she 's sad , and the last thing i want is for her to be sad for me . 
 i 'm fine , i 'll always be fine . 
 but even though i like to think i 'm the one who looks out for her , as i have since that snowy day our parents died in a car crash when i was only seventeen , the truth is we look out for each other . 
 `` i promise i wo n't do something as abysmally stupid as fall for an actress again . '' 
 `` good , '' she says , and takes some bread . 
 `` there are plenty of wonderful women in the world who wo n't use you to get ahead . '' 
 i want to believe that jill would n't do that . 
 i want to believe that she 's different from madeline . 
 as soon as i realize that , i know too that i do n't really care if madeline will be in town . 
 what i do care about-maybe too much for my own good-is the sweet , sexy , vulnerable woman who 's already gotten me hooked . 
 but that 's a different problem , a far bigger problem , and that 's precisely why i 'm going to have to resist her with everything i have . 
 jill now that my beer-soaked skirt and tights are in the hamper , i wash my face , brush my teeth , and pick a long t-shirt to sleep in . 
 i slide under the covers and grab my ereader , because i want to return to a patrick state of mind . 
 between the messed up morning in the stairwell and the buzzkill of alexis in the bar , i need to get back into the groove with the main man of my fantasies . 
 the one who makes me feel again . 
 i click on the title kat gifted me . 
 she got me into her steamy romance novels , and now i 'm a junkie . 
 i started with the lovey-dovey stuff but i 've moved well past her now , and am all about the out-of-the-gate heat . 
 especially on nights when i 'm alone . 
 when i can say his name out loud . 
 i open the novel and skip straight to the good stuff . 
 the hero 's a rock star , and he has a filthy mouth , and i could never imagine liking that in real life . 
 i 'm sure patrick whispers only sweet nothings about love and beauty and how i 'm the only one for him , but somehow this dirty-talking rocker who 's telling his woman that he wants to bend her over the bar at the hotel where they 're staying is doing something for me tonight . 
 `` i 'm going to take you and it 's going to be hard , and it 's going to be fast . 
 i 'm not going to be gentle , and i 'm not going to apologize , but you 're going to f ** king love it , '' he said , his voice rough against her ear . 
 `` yeah ? 
 why do n't we see if i love it ? '' 
 `` for doubting me , i 'll make you come harder . '' 
 `` can you though ? 
 can you make me come harder ? '' 
 he slid a hand between her legs , spread wide open for him . 
 `` you are the perfect kind of wet for the way i 'm going to f ** k you right now . '' 
 who talks like this in real life ? 
 does anyone say this stuff ? 
 but it works on the heroine because she 's spiraling off into another stratosphere right now , and it starts to work on me , because soon i 'm hot and bothered and breathing harder . 
 little moans are coming out of my lips , and it 's nice to have the place to myself from time to time because i do n't have to stay silent . 
 i know how to bring myself there without noise . 
 i can achieve soundless orgasms without even moving my h * ps either . 
 i know , such a talent . 
 enter me in the guinness book of world records for most quiet orgasms , which will tell you something about my completely pretend sex life for the last several years . 
 i 'm quiet because i have to be , and i 'm quiet because i do this a lot . 
 i do this because i have n't been touched in so long that i 'm a pinball machine , full of restless desire . 
 i focus on my main attraction . 
 i picture patrick taking his clothes off , patrick climbing over me , patrick telling me i 'm the one . 
 and now i 'm moaning and i 'm nearing the edge , but then it 's no longer patrick on me . 
 because patrick would never talk like that , or move like that . 
 he 's disappeared and i 'm with someone else , someone nameless . 
 i do n't even know who he is , but he 's doing all sorts of things to me , and saying all kinds of dirty words . 
 spread my legs for him . 
 touch myself for him . 
 show him how i make myself come . 
 and maybe it 's the rocker hero making me feel this way , but nameless has a way with his hands and his body and his voice , and i 'm almost there , i 'm almost over the edge . 
 but then i stop . 
 sit up straight in bed . 
 turn on the light . 
 look around . 
 as if i 've been caught . 
 but no one 's here , the apartment is quiet , and the only noise is in my head . 
 it sounds like a radio tuned slightly wrong , static mixing with the song i used to know well . 
 because something is wrong . 
 something is wrong with me . 
 i 've only ever pictured patrick . 
 i do n't understand why he 's not coming out to play tonight , and yet i still feel this itch inside my bones to be touched , to be held , to be savored . 
 i throw off the covers , pace down the hall and check my phone that i left on the coffee table . 
 but there are no new messages and , honestly , i do n't even know who i 'm waiting to hear from . 
 when i finally fall asleep , everything is still wrong , because i dream of the letters in the locked box by my bed . 
 letters living , breathing , creepily alive . 
 letters making demands . 
 letters being opened on the streets , and i try to grab them , and stuff them back inside , but they 're rippling away in the wind , and i ca n't reach them anymore to hide them . 
 * * * the next morning , i skip my run . 
 i shower quickly , get dressed and take one of the letters from the wooden box . 
 then i catch a train to brooklyn and head for prospect park . 
 i clutch the piece of notebook paper in my right hand , my fingers digging into the faded words , now smudged from all the times i 've read this one , the first of the handful of letters aaron sent me after we split . 
 i walk deeper into the park , following the path by memory from having explored every inch of this place while growing up nearby . 
 i spent so many days here with my brothers , riding bikes , climbing trees , playing hide and seek . 
 when i was a teenager , i relearned all the corners of this oasis in brooklyn that were perfect for stolen kisses , for first tastes of beers , for moonlit make out sessions far away from parental eyes . 
 but i have n't set foot in prospect park since aaron . 
 not since the last time i saw him under terrace bridge . 
 now i have to because i ca n't keep holding onto the pieces of the past . 
 i ca n't keep carrying all this blame with me . 
 my life is changing , it 's unfurling before me , and if i do n't free myself from the past it 'll keep haunting me . 
 i weave down the path that leads under the bridge , remembering how green and lush the trees were the last time i was here . 
 thick emerald bushes and branches hang low and burst with life as the sun casts warm golden rays . 
 my heart pounds loudly against my chest , drowning out the lone squawk of a hardy crow circling overhead , scanning for crumbs on the barren ground . 
 the cobblestones curve under the rusted green bridge , and my feet nearly stop when i see the bench with its wooden slats . 
 he waited for me at the bench , looking so sad , but so determined , too . 
 memories flood me , like a dam breaking . 
 `` please do n't do this to me . '' 
 `` it 's the only way . '' 
 `` no , we can try again . 
 we can start over . 
 i promise to be everything you want me to be . '' 
 `` i have to go . 
 please let me go . '' 
 but he did n't . 
 he did n't really let me go , and so i went from being a happy carefree seventeen-year-old to being completely f ** ked in the head . 
 i realized i could break someone , and someone could break me . 
 but then , i also clawed my way out . 
 i threw myself into my acting , letting go of myself and all the emotions i hated being crushed with , and that 's when i fell for patrick , for the opposite of all those cruel memories . 
 now , i need to let them go so i can be free . 
 i start with this one note . 
 my fingers are gripped so tightly around the paper that it feels as if they have to be pried off . 
 but instead , i open my fist , one finger at a time , and it 's as if a piece of me is moving on . 
 then i stand in front of the garbage can and i tear up his words . 
 they flutter down into the metal can , unreadable , unknowable . 
 i do n't know what i have to do for you to love me again ... i wipe my hand against my cheek , and then inhale deeply . 
 `` it 's done . '' 
 and i walk away . 
 chapter 11 davis one week . 
 seven days . 
 one hundred and sixty-eight hours . 
 that 's how long my detox from jill has lasted . 
 no more stairwell encounters . 
 no more meetings alone in my office . 
 nothing but the necessary interaction at rehearsals , and for the last week the assistant director has been working with the chorus on some of their numbers so i 've rarely seen her . 
 now , we 're blocking one of the dance numbers with patrick , alexis and some of the featured actors . 
 i lean against the wall and watch the choreographer guide the actors through the bare-bones motions of what 's shaping up to be a sensuous number as paolo and ava dance on stage . 
 then alexis stops in the middle of a step . 
 she raises a hand and waggles her fingers at me , sweetly , or feigned sweetly . 
 damn , that woman can act . 
 because i almost believe she 's about to ask some sort of thoughtful , curious question . 
 `` excuse me , davis , '' she says and is grinning ear to ear , as she gestures to stage right . 
 she 's wearing a flouncy red dress . 
 as she sashays to stage right , i suck in a breath because here it comes-the patented alexis bit of input . 
 `` would n't it better , do n't you think , if say , we started this number right here - '' she stops and gestures dramatically to the spot she 's deemed the proper starting point , then tips her forehead to the back of the room '' - instead of back there ? '' 
 right . 
 now she 's the choreographer too . 
 `` no . 
 we 'll start the number where we always start the number . '' 
 `` of course , davis , '' she continues , still smiling , still syrupy . 
 `` but have you considered it might be better if we started it here ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i have n't considered it , nor do i plan to . 
 let 's go through the song . '' 
 i walk to the back and sit down as the actors resume the choreography . 
 after the first few steps , a phone rings , loud and bleating , sounding out the overture from fate can wait . 
 `` oops . '' 
 alexis clasps her hand over her mouth and bats her eyes . 
 then she removes her hand . 
 the chorus from that wretched show plays again . 
 `` my bad , '' she says in an offhand way . 
 `` i must have forgotten to turn off my phone . '' 
 she grabs her purse from the floor , roots around in it , and snags her phone . 
 `` oh , '' she says in a long , drawn-out voice , then taps a nail against the screen . 
 `` i should probably take this call . 
 it may be a bit . '' 
 she scampers out of the rehearsal studio , letting the door fall hard behind her . 
 the room is silent for an awkward moment . 
 i turn to shannon , the stage manager . 
 `` can you get jill please ? '' 
 she leaves to find jill in one of the other studios , and they return shortly . 
 seeing the way she 's dressed tests my resolve . 
 `` we 're working on the song ` paint it red , ' '' i tell her , trying to ignore the fact that she looks even more stunning in her dance leggings . 
 the trouble is they leave nothing to the imagination about the shape and curves of her body , her tiny waist , her strong legs that i want to wrap around my h * ps as i lift her up and push her against the wall . 
 `` the lines leading up to the song . '' 
 her face lights up at the chance to do the scene even in rehearsal , reminding me of how she started to work her way into my head from the day i met her with that sweetness , that bright-eyed excitement . 
 within seconds she 's at the front of the room with patrick , who flashes her a grin that instantly twists my stomach . 
 it 's a smile only an actor like him can serve up . 
 the kind of smile movie stars give and it melts panties off women . 
 the kind of smile i ca n't stand seeing him give to jill , so i look away briefly because i do n't want to see her reaction . 
 i clasp my fingers tightly together as they run through the scene , trying to focus on the performance . 
 jill does n't even need the pages . 
 she has the lines memorized , and she 's hitting the right emotional notes too . 
 she 's so at home playing this character . 
 i 'm impressed , but then i 'm not surprised . 
 patrick is his usual self , pulling off the nuance , the narcissism , but also that random bit of playfulness in paolo . 
 they segue into the song , one that calls for them to tango briefly before they begin crooning to each other , confessing their burgeoning feelings with music . 
 as they link hands , the worm of jealousy inside me balloons , slithers around my heart and lungs , tightening , threatening to strangle me from the inside out . 
 i drop my head in my hands . 
 i ca n't stand watching her with him , and it 's only one scene . 
 one f ** king make-believe scene . 
 `` all done ! '' 
 alexis calls out cheerfully , announcing her reentry into the studio , not even caring that she 's interrupting the number . 
 but for once , she has n't pissed me off . 
 for one bizarre moment , i 'm grateful for her center-of-the-universe ways , and my internal organs thank her because my envy starts to subside . 
 `` alexis , take it from here , '' i say to her and gesture carelessly toward the front of the room . 
 `` jill , you can just watch the rest of the number . '' 
 alexis resumes her post and jill retreats , surprising me by taking a seat next to me . 
 strange , because she 's been avoiding me as much as i 've been avoiding her . 
 but now she 's inches away and she 's lit up like the sun , shining brightly from her brief moment in front of a very small crowd . 
 she locks eyes with me , and all i want is to ask her to have dinner with me so i can spend time with her away from here . 
 get to know her . 
 hear her stories . 
 learn what makes her tick . 
 `` thank you , '' she says , with so much happiness in her expression . 
 `` i loved that . 
 even though it was only for a few minutes . '' 
 i stay impassive . 
 i have to keep it professional with her , even though every single thing about her threatens to ensnare me further , especially that hopefulness , that sheer joy she has in her job . 
 `` like i said before , you 'll likely be needed for this show , '' i say . 
 `` i saw the call sheet for the next few weeks . 
 the stage manager has me scheduled with brayden , the understudy for patrick , '' she says , and when she breathes my lead actor 's name , she glances at the front of the studio where he 's running through the song with alexis . 
 jill practically inhales him with her eyes and as she lingers on patrick , i connect the dots . 
 she has free reign to gaze at him with reckless abandon since he 's on stage . 
 she can stare longingly without it being obvious , and that 's what she 's doing . 
 she 's gazing at him and sighing happily . 
 as i watch her watching him with such affection in her eyes , a hot stab of jealousy pierces clear through my chest . 
 it hurts worse than i 've ever experienced . 
 more than i 've ever felt the angry ache of this all-too-familiar emotion because there 's a whole new level of envy rising up in me now . 
 reaching new heights . 
 he 's the one she 's in love with . 
 patrick f ** king carlson . 
 my lead actor . 
 i leave the studio without a word and head to the bathroom . 
 i turn on the cold water , and wash my face . 
 i do it again , and again and again , jealousy still burning through me . 
 i grip the edge of the sink , wanting to rip it out from the wall with my hands . 
 what the f ** k is wrong with me ? 
 i hardly know her , and i ca n't get her out of my system . 
 i do n't want to go down this path again with an actress , i do n't want to take another chance . 
 but yet , the prospect of her with another man feels far worse , and it 's consuming me because i do n't want her to be with patrick what-so-fucking-ever . 
 i ca n't watch that happen under my nose . 
 even if she 's on my banned substances list , i ca n't witness the woman i want so badly fall more deeply into love on my stage , in my show , in front of me . 
 i look at my reflection in the mirror . 
 the glass is smudged and there 's a crack in the corner . 
 these old rehearsal studios in new york are in worse shape than they should be . 
 but i still see who i am . 
 a man who gets what he wants . 
 a man who knows one thing incredibly well-his job . 
 who can devote endless hours to work . 
 who can move actors around like chess pieces . 
 who can bring out the best in them . 
 who 's earned awards for doing just that . 
 for knowing exactly how to handle actors . 
 i let go of my hold on the sink , turn off the water , and dry my hands , each move a step in my new strategy . 
 because i 'm not the director for nothing . 
 i make the f ** king rules . 
 i can change the rules . 
 i can make the rules work for me . 
 she 's not mine , but she ca n't be his . 
 i return to the rehearsal room , sit down next to her and take some small bit of victory when she looks away from him and at me . 
 `` you 're not going to rehearse with brayden , '' i tell her . 
 she looks crestfallen . 
 `` why ? 
 i do n't understand . '' 
 `` because i 'm going to rehearse you as ava . 
 you 'll rehearse with me . '' 
 chapter 12 jill during a break in rehearsal the next day , shelby pulls me into the group dressing room that all the chorus gals share . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she pats the chair in front of the mirror . 
 `` sit . 
 time for your hair stylist to work her magic . '' 
 `` braid me , baby , '' i joke . 
 `` no . 
 i changed my mind . 
 you need a french twist . 
 something ridiculously alluring . '' 
 `` does that mean a french braid is too innocent ? '' 
 `` it means right now i 'm in the mood for getting my fingers into a twist , '' she says and bumps me with her hip then pushes my shoulders , forcing me to sit down . 
 `` do your thing then , miss broadway stylist . '' 
 grabbing a water bottle from the dressing room table , she sprays a bit of mist to smooth out my hair , humming along to the number we worked on earlier today . 
 i watch in the mirror as her fingers weave and thread , twisting and tightening until minutes later , she declares `` ta da . '' 
 she hands me a mirror , and swivels me around . 
 i hold it up and check out the back of my head . 
 a classy , sophisticated twist . 
 like something a movie star would wear on the red carpet . 
 i hop off the chair , and kneel down in front of her , bowing . 
 `` i 'm not worthy . 
 i 'm not worthy , '' i tease . 
 `` oh , shut up . 
 it was fun . 
 and besides , that gets my desire to style out of my system for the day . '' 
 `` you can use me anytime , '' i say and we return for another round of dancing and singing and working with the music director , while our director spends the afternoon with the stars . 
 then , everyone leaves and it 's only davis and me . 
 * * * we are alone in the rehearsal studio . 
 `` your hair is up . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` you did n't have it up earlier today , '' he says matter-of-factly , as if he 's merely reporting on his day 's observations . 
 but his observations are about me . 
 self-consciously , i bring my hand to my neck , nervously brushing away a few loose tendrils . 
 `` i can take it down . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` leave it up . 
 it works for ava . '' 
 `` for ava ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` yes . 
 for ava , '' he says , emphatically , making it clear that this rehearsal is all about ava . 
 that 's 100 percent fine with me . 
 he takes a seat at the piano . 
 i 've never seen him play before . 
 `` you play ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` i 'm not a virtuoso . 
 but i play enough . '' 
 he plays a bit of fur elise . 
 perfectly . 
 `` not well , my ass , '' i say , because i do far better with davis when i can tease him , like that first night at sardi 's . 
 if we 're going to get past our awkwardness , i 'll need to treat him like a buddy , like reeve . 
 i have plenty of guy friends , and there 's no reason he ca n't move into the friend zone . 
 because when he 's all serious and intense , i feel as if i 'm walking on unsteady ground . 
 `` i bet you speak french too . 
 and you 're probably a pilot as well . '' 
 he laughs once . 
 `` no . 
 i do n't speak french . 
 nor do i claim a seat in the cockpit when i fly . '' 
 he seems to enjoy saying the word cockpit . 
 fine , he seems to enjoy saying one syllable in the word cockpit . 
 he watches me from his post on the bench , his dark blue eyes like magnets . 
 he stares hard but with a playful glint , as if he expects me to flinch first . 
 i swallow and look away . 
 `` nor am i a gourmet cook , '' he adds . 
 `` in fact , i ca n't cook at all . 
 i prefer takeout . 
 i also do n't own a yacht , or know how to work a yacht , or a schooner , or any type of sailboat . '' 
 he 's playing me now . 
 i know he likes to dress people down , to put actors in their place . 
 part of me thinks he may be berating me for talking back or sassing . 
 but yet , he 's never treated me badly . 
 still , i go with my gut and keep up the banter since it 's easier than the alternative . 
 `` but do you like opera ? '' 
 he shoots me the barest of grins , then coaxes out a quick few notes on the piano . 
 i recognize the music . 
 it 's from carmen by bizet . 
 `` habanera . 
 love is a rebellious bird , '' i say , tossing back the common name for the aria he 's playing . 
 `` though , i 'm not an opera fan . '' 
 `` i do n't care for opera either . 
 i like carmen though , and the way she moves . 
 i 'd like this song better if it were played like this . '' 
 i lean on the piano and watch his hands move over the keys . 
 he has a scar across his right hand , a long jagged worm from the wrist all the way to his ring finger . 
 like someone cut him . 
 or he cut someone . 
 i wonder if he even tells anyone how it happened . 
 if he 'd tell me if i asked . 
 his fingers move quickly on the keys , and he 's turned carmen 's aria into a rock tune , changing the speed , mixing it up , so it 's got this low , sexy beat that sounds like the song he was playing in his office a month ago . 
 the song i told him i loved . 
 the song he turned off . 
 now he 's shifting from carmen to muse , and it 's as if he 's playing `` madness '' just for me , telling me something , using music instead of words . 
 my cheeks feel hot as he plays , his eyes on me the whole time . 
 he says nothing as the music fills the room , and it feels like it 's spreading through my body , and i have this strange sensation of being his instrument , as if the notes he 's hitting are being played in me . 
 neither one of us speaks , there is only music between us , but i know the lyrics behind every note , and when he reaches come on and rescue me , it all becomes too much . 
 `` you lied . 
 you said you did n't play well . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` i said i 'm not a virtuoso . 
 i did n't say i did n't play well . 
 but i do n't want to talk about me anymore , jill , '' he says in a commanding voice . 
 he 's turned from playful to powerful . 
 i straighten my spine in response , standing taller , no longer leaning on the piano . 
 he 's all business . 
 i need to let go of my overwhelming need to lighten every situation . 
 `` i want to talk about ava . 
 and i want to talk about you . 
 i want to talk about how you can become her , find the truth of her , and hold onto it so tightly as you perform that no one doubts for even a second that you 're her . 
 you wo n't doubt it , i wo n't doubt it , and the audience wo n't doubt it . 
 and so , i want you to think of carmen and habanera when you work on your part . '' 
 he 's shifted , leaving muse behind us . 
 i follow his lead , serious in tone too . 
 `` tell me why . '' 
 `` ava is a rebellious bird . 
 she resists paolo . 
 she resists his teaching , his way of making art . 
 she resists his love too , '' he continues in his clear , determined way of speaking . 
 his eyes never stray from mine , and his gaze is so intense it could burn . 
 then he lowers his voice , softens to a lover 's whisper . 
 `` but then she transforms . 
 love changes her . 
 love without bounds . 
 love without reason . 
 she becomes his , and that changes her . '' 
 those last few words make me feel light-headed and woozy , so i reach for the edge of the piano , holding on . 
 she becomes his , and that changes her . 
 `` i love that sentiment , '' i manage to say and i 'm only vaguely aware that i sound a bit breathy . 
 i quickly catalogue my reaction-there are goose bumps on my arms , and there 's a tingling in my belly , and my lips are parted . 
 it hits me what 's happening . 
 because he 's doing it to me again . 
 he 's f ** king me with his words , and i am turned on beyond belief . 
 my body is responding faster than my brain can apply the brakes-my skin is hot all over , and heat is flaring through my veins . 
 i know this feeling . 
 i usually only feel it when i 'm reading a hot scene in a novel . 
 but now i 'm feeling it in real life , and not in my imagination , not from pretending or picturing a make-believe session in the sheets . 
 this is real and it 's legitimate and it 's borne from the fact that i 'm craving something i have n't let myself have in years . 
 contact . 
 my vision blurs for a moment , and i dig my fingers into the side of the piano so i do n't fall . 
 `` which sentiment , jill ? '' 
 he says my name like it 's dessert . 
 like it 's something he wants to eat . 
 even though it 's only a simple question he 's asked , i 'm unhinged by my body 's reaction to the way he talks . 
 by the way it feels as if my body is no longer my own , that it 's responding to someone else 's cues . 
 his cues . 
 for no good reason . 
 because there 's no good reason at all why my head should be so cloudy and my body so hazy , and my pulse racing like a getaway train . 
 i ca n't let myself get carried away . 
 that would be unbearably foolish , so i remind myself that he 's good with words , he 's good with people , he 's good with ideas . 
 he has to be . 
 he does what paolo does . 
 he takes nascent , unformed clay and transforms it into something alive and wondrous , with a heartbeat , with a life force . 
 that 's the only reason there 's an aching between my legs . 
 not because my director is turning me on again . 
 the only reason i am a tuning fork now is because he 's making me feel like ava , and ava is turned on by paolo . 
 `` all of them . '' 
 `` all of them ? '' 
 he raises an eyebrow . 
 `` the one where she becomes his , '' i say quickly . 
 my skin is feverish . 
 the heat is cranked too high in this room . 
 i look around . 
 `` can we turn the heat down ? '' 
 he stands up , walks to the thermostat , adjusts the lever and turns back . 
 he 's near to me on his return path , so near that even though i force myself to stare hard out the window , i can sense him as he passes me . 
 as if he 's mere inches from me . 
 for a brief moment , i expect him to trail a hand across my lower back . 
 make me shiver . 
 i close my eyes as the image flicks by , and then i open them . 
 he has n't touched me though . 
 maybe he does n't have to for me to feel this way , because i 'm a livewire already . 
 he sits down at the bench , and plays the opening notes to ava 's signature song , show me the rebel . 
 `` show me the rebellious bird in you , jill . '' 
 `` but , '' i say , stammering . 
 this is so unlike me . 
 i know the music . 
 i know the song . 
 i have never been afraid of performing . 
 acting has been the thing i love most . 
 but something 's different now . 
 `` it comes in the middle of the show . 
 it 's not even her first song . '' 
 my protests fall on deaf ears . 
 he says nothing . 
 `` ca n't we start with something else ? 
 i have n't even practiced it before . '' 
 there 's a glint of a smile on his lips . 
 `` that 's why i 'm rehearsing you , '' he says , and his voice is like whiskey and honey . 
 rough and smooth at the same time . 
 `` so you can practice . 
 i want you to be able to blow the audience away . 
 i want them to melt for you . 
 i want them to fall for you . 
 you can start by trying to make me feel that way . '' 
 i feel wobbly , and i do n't know if it 's because i 'm rehearsing with an award-winning director in my first broadway show , or if it 's because his words are all laced with subtext and innuendo . 
 you can start by trying to make me feel that way . 
 but as off-kilter as i feel right now , i have to use this emotion . 
 because ava feels the same way when she begins this song . 
 she does n't know what to make of paolo , and i do n't know what to make of davis . 
 i pick a point on the opposite wall , a random little nick in the plaster , and i sing to it . 
 i serenade the nick on the wall with a flat , empty-sounding melody . 
 i make my way through the first six lines of the song when he stops his accompaniment . 
 i turn to him , waiting . 
 `` is there a reason why you 're staring at a spot on the wall ? '' 
 `` um ... '' `` is there ? '' 
 he asks again . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` do you sing the song to a spot on the wall ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 my face flames red . 
 `` do you sing it to the audience ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` do you sing it to the floor ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` do you sing it to a random , distant point in the balcony ? '' 
 `` no , '' i say through gritted teeth , and now i want to smack him for the way he 's making me feel stupid . 
 `` are you mad at me , now ? '' 
 he asks , but his tone never wavers . 
 he 's like a law professor quizzing a student , dressing her down . 
 he does n't anger , he does n't rage . 
 he simply peppers her with questions 'til she 's unnerved . 
 screw being turned on . 
 now i 'm pissed off . 
 `` no , '' i lie , looking down . 
 he rises from the piano , stalks over to me , and stands mere inches in front of me . 
 he does n't touch me . 
 he does n't lift my chin with his hand , or grip my shoulders . 
 he does n't have to make contact for me to respond , to raise my face , to meet his eyes . 
 i do it anyway , looking up , meeting him because i ca n't not . 
 his midnight blue eyes give away nothing right now except power , confidence , and absolute f ** king control . 
 maybe it 's the ions , maybe it 's electricity . 
 or maybe there is just a current between us , and it 's one that he alone controls . 
 i bite my lip briefly , and he breathes out , hard . 
 he makes an almost imperceptible sound that borders on a growl , then speaks . 
 `` are you mad at me ? '' 
 he does n't use my name this time . 
 nor does he use ava 's . 
 i need to know who he 's talking to . 
 `` are you asking me or are you asking ava ? '' 
 i 'm greeted by the tiniest grin of satisfaction . 
 he nods approvingly , as if he likes the question . 
 `` jill , '' he says slowly , my name taking its time on his tongue , crossing his lips , turning into sound in the charged air between us . 
 `` i 'm asking you as jill . '' 
 `` i 'm saying no , as jill . '' 
 he shakes his head , narrows his eyes , seeing right through me . 
 `` do n't lie to me . 
 about anything . 
 there is no right or wrong answer . 
 there is only the truth , and i want yours right now . 
 tell me your truth . 
 are you mad at me ? '' 
 i breathe out hard . 
 then i admit it . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 `` why is that good ? '' 
 `` use it . 
 use it for the song . 
 ava is headstrong . 
 ava is passionate . 
 paolo makes her crazy . 
 he manipulates her . 
 or so she thinks . '' 
 he raises his hand , balls his fingers into a fist , and gestures as if he 's grabbing something . 
 `` but he does it to reach down deep inside her . 
 to help her find her true self , her true art , her true creativity . 
 everything he does , he does because he believes in her . '' 
 `` but why ? 
 why does he believe in her ? '' 
 `` because he knows . 
 he knows in his heart - '' he taps his chest '' - in his head - '' now his forehead '' - and his gut . '' 
 he hits his fist against his flat stomach . 
 `` he knows . 
 start from the beginning . 
 and take your anger and use it . 
 but do n't sing it to the wall , or the lights , or the chairs . 
 sing it to paolo . 
 look in his eyes . 
 let your anger carry the song . 
 let your frustration take you through . 
 then let go of it , and let it fade away . '' 
 i nod . 
 i do n't think i can speak . 
 i can only feel . 
 the anger at davis for dressing me down . 
 the frustration at myself for not getting the character right . 
 then what ava feels-the spark of hope , the possibility of becoming the person , the artist , the woman that he believes she can be . 
 i take a deep , quiet breath , imagining all those feelings living inside of me , so i can become her . 
 he returns to the bench and resumes the music , the notes pouring forth , falling on me like rain . 
 then i 'm ava and i turn and meet my director 's gaze . 
 only he 's not davis anymore . 
 he 's paolo . 
 he 's the man i 'm mad at , and mad with , and most of all , mad about . 
 he 's the one i 'm singing to . 
 not the wall , not the floor , not the audience . 
 but him . 
 just him . 
 the man who drives me crazy with his perfectionism , with his sometimes inscrutable side . 
 but i need him , i need him not only to succeed as a painter , but to break free of all the loneliness i 've felt my whole life as ava . 
 and i sing every word , every line , every note to him . 
 he watches me the entire time . 
 lets my words , my story , my tale become a part of him . 
 he takes what i have to give . 
 he absorbs all my music , all my passion , all my pain . 
 he is the reason i 'm singing , and i give it all to him because he knows what to do with all i have . 
 because he accepts me for who i am , and because he makes me feel again . 
 and as i sing , something deep inside of me loosens . 
 it 's like a brittle piece of my make-believe heart that i 've been gripping so hard for so long rattles free , and tumbles away . 
 i do n't even try to grab it , to glue it back on . 
 i let it go , because i 'm ready for it . 
 for a fleeting moment , i feel buoyant , unencumbered from my past , and it 's an unfamiliar feeling , but such a welcome one . 
 it 's like a reprieve , and my voice hitches on one note , hitting it wrong and raw , but that 's when his eyes light up the most . 
 then i finish the last note of the song , and take one step closer to him . 
 `` i need you , paolo , '' i say , shifting from sung words to the spoken ones in the script that cap off this song . 
 shifting too from calling him professor to calling him by his name . 
 `` i need you to make me whole again . '' 
 `` i will , ava , '' he says , in the softest whisper , but one that carries , reverberating throughout the whole rehearsal studio as he delivers lines that start to bring this hard-edged , mercurial man closer to falling for this woman . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 * * * after several more rounds , i 'm sweating . 
 i 've shed my sweater and i 'm wearing only a tank top with my jeans . 
 it 's a workout singing for davis , and i 'm not even dancing . 
 i 'm merely standing , and singing . 
 but the way he directs , insisting , and requiring everything i have feels like a workout . 
 i pull at my navy blue shirt so it does n't stick to my chest . 
 `` ready to go again ? '' 
 `` any time you want . '' 
 he laughs once , shakes his head . 
 `` i was only teasing . 
 i think we can call it a night . '' 
 `` oh , i can keep going , '' i say . 
 `` but if you need to stop ... '' then i trail off . 
 davis rises from the piano , closes it , and grabs his jacket . 
 `` i do n't really think there 's any question about whether i can keep going . 
 and i do n't need to stop . 
 ever . '' 
 then his eyes rake over me , as if he 's memorizing me for later . 
 `` i 'm choosing to call it a night . '' 
 okay , so now my chest is hot again , and i 'm ready to take the sheet music and turn it into an accordion to fan myself . 
 how is it that everything that comes out of his mouth is a double entendre ? 
 does he even intend to talk this way ? 
 sometimes , i think i have him figured out , but then he looks at me with those bedroom eyes , or says something that 's so sexy , and i 'm back to putting the puzzle pieces together . 
 i revert to humor to find my way out of the innuendo because i 'm not quite sure what to do with all this double-speak , especially when he made it clear i 'm not his type . 
 not to mention that teensy tiny little detail about me being crazy for someone else . 
 i point to his coat . 
 `` so you do own a jacket . '' 
 `` i 'm not entirely impervious to the elements . '' 
 `` aha ! 
 he is human . 
 i 've learned the truth , '' i say , and i 'm glad to be back to teasing , to toying . 
 it 's familiar footing , and i can handle it so much better than the wobbliness i 've felt most of the night . 
 besides , there 's a part of me that 's bordering on punch drunk from singing my freaking heart out . 
 i feel spent in the way that a good , hard run can wring you dry , but leave you surging with adrenaline too . 
 `` do n't tell anyone though . 
 would n't want to ruin my badass reputation , '' he says , stopping to sketch air quotes , and i like that he lets me tease him . 
 that he does n't seem to mind at all that i 've figured out he likes the image he 's created for himself-take no prisoners , hard as hell , impossible to get to know . 
 sure , he is tough , but there 's more to him , too , and i do n't think he lets many people see his other sides . 
 maybe that 's why he seems to enjoy it when i see through him . 
 almost as if he wants me to . 
 maybe that 's why he talks to me this way . 
 because we can be friendly enough . 
 we can move past the weirdness . 
 `` oh , you 're still badass in my book , '' i say , as i pull my sweater back on . 
 for a moment , i wrestle with the neckline , so i ca n't see him as i 'm stuck under my clothes . 
 when i emerge , he 's stepped closer , and he 's all serious and smoldering again . 
 the whole dark and broody look is back in full force , and i ca n't take my eyes off of him when he 's like that . 
 it scares me how my whole body feels like it 's waking up when he looks at me . 
 `` am i ? 
 badass in your book ? '' 
 he asks in a voice that 's low and smoky , and makes me want to say yes to him over and over , and to anything he 'd ask . 
 that 's precisely why i ca n't answer his question . 
 because my body 's going one way , but the rest of me is my usual messed-up , mixed-up , f ** ked-up self , and i have no idea what to do with these veiled questions that feel a lot like foreplay . 
 besides , i have patrick this weekend . 
 i have the chance to finally get to know him for real , like i 've always wanted . 
 i take a steady breath and jam my arms into my jacket , then cinch it closed . 
 i need to shift gears and focus only on my job . 
 `` so how did i do tonight ? '' 
 davis seems to sense the change . 
 to respect it . 
 `` you were everything i wanted you to be , '' he says , returning to his crisp , professional voice . 
 he stops to lock the door , then we head down the carpeted hallway to the elevator . 
 once inside , he pushes the button for the ground floor . 
 i glance at his hand , noticing his scar again . 
 i point to it , my finger mere inches from his hand , so close i could touch him , could trace the raised line of the mark on his body . 
 `` how 'd you get that scar ? '' 
 he does n't answer right away , and i wonder if i 've crossed some line . 
 i hold my breath , as i wait for an answer or an admonishment . 
 the gears whir as the car begins its descent . 
 this might be the tiniest elevator ever made because i feel as if i could crash into him if it stops suddenly . 
 i can picture it . 
 being jolted , being caught . 
 his arms around me . 
 our bodies so close . 
 that moment when everything can change , when time freezes , and you 're either colliding or you 're not . 
 maybe i do want more of his innuendo . 
 maybe i do want the elevator to slam me into him , so my body can take what it wants right now . 
 but the ride is smooth , and we both stay in our places . 
 then , he holds up his hand , regards it as if he has n't seen it in ages . 
 `` this ? 
 punched the glass window of my front door when i was seventeen . '' 
 `` you did ? '' 
 `` couple of days after i found out my parents died . '' 
 he says it in the most offhand way , but my heart leaps to my throat and i want to comfort him . 
 to wrap my arms around him , tell him how unfair it is when people you love die too soon . 
 i reach out and lay a hand on his arm . 
 his eyes jerk to mine , but then he quickly looks away and i remove my hand , because i should n't be touching davis for so many reasons . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . '' 
 `` yeah , me too , '' he says in a low voice , sounding wounded for the first time . 
 letting down his guard . 
 i 'm about to ask what happened to them , but that feels too personal , too much , too soon . 
 the car stops at the lobby and the doors crank open . 
 we step out into the cold , biting night , the sounds of new york traffic hitting my ears . 
 it 's the familiar soundtrack to my days and nights in this city . 
 we walk down the steps to the sidewalk . 
 a cold wind whooshes by and i pull my coat tighter . 
 he moves closer to me and for a second i think he may drape an arm over my shoulder , pull me in close and keep me warm . 
 but he does n't . 
 instead , he points to a town car waiting at the curb . 
 `` for you , '' he says . 
 `` me ? 
 you got me a car service ? '' 
 i should n't be excited over a car , but i am . 
 i 've only acted in a few off-broadway shows and a couple of commercials , and i did n't even warrant a cab in my contracts for those . 
 i was subway , all the way . 
 `` if i 'm making you work late , it 's the least i can do , '' he says , as he opens the door for me , and i slide inside . 
 he leans into the car , reaches for the seat belt , and pulls it across my chest , buckling me in . 
 he 's inches from me , and he smells cold like the night air . 
 but he also smells the way a man should at the end of the day : a little bit of sweat , a lot of work , and all raw power . 
 he brings one hand behind my head and unclips my hair , letting it fall over his fingers . 
 i tremble from his touch as a shiver runs down my spine . 
 `` i like your hair up and i like your hair down , '' he whispers to me , breaking down all my resistance in an instant . 
 i can see this playing out if i do nothing-i 'll spend it rewinding this moment and putting it on repeat all night long . 
 but i do n't want to go home with only a memory to feed my body , and i ca n't stand the thought of this night ending too soon . 
 i make my choice . 
 there 's only one choice . 
 `` do you want to share ? '' 
 i ask , praying he lives in the same direction . 
 `` you 're downtown , right ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` me too . '' 
 then he closes my door , and i do n't see him as he walks behind the car so i swivel around , watching through the tinted window as he reaches the other side quickly and opens the door , his dark eyes pinning me and sending a rush of heat down my chest and straight to my very core . 
 he never takes his eyes from me as he closes the door , and hits a button on the console that starts to close the tinted privacy partition , telling the driver `` just drive . '' 
 like it 's a command . 
 then he turns and looks at me , and for a long beat we are still , the air between us crackling with the anticipation of what 's next . 
 but i am overcome with want and i ca n't hold back , nor can he . 
 as the engine starts , i unbuckle myself just as his hands are on my face , and he sucks in a breath at the first touch . 
 then , a low growl escapes his throat as his lips find mine with a hungry kiss that ignites something in me . 
 i grab his shirt , loving the feel of his strong , firm chest . 
 my fingers fist the fabric as i pull him closer , but he does n't need any direction from me . 
 within seconds , his hands are in my hair , and his lips are consuming me , his tongue tangling with mine , and i 'm about to burst from all this sensation-from the way he smells so masculine and strong , to the delicious scratch of his stubble , to the calloused fingers that tug on my hair . 
 he tastes so f ** king good that i do n't want to stop . 
 instead , i want to be devoured by him . 
 i want him-no , i need him , i desperately need him-to do something about this onslaught of desire he 's started in my body that 's become a delicious and needy ache between my legs . 
 `` i want to be under you , '' i say , and i 'm not even sure how i 'm forming words , let alone coherent thoughts , but all i know is what my body is demanding . 
 i need the weight of him on me . 
 i need to feel him pressed hard against me . 
 i take off my jacket quickly , tossing it to the floor of the car , and he does the same . 
 then i slide down on the leather so i 'm lying flat , and he moves with me , hovering over me , braced on his strong arms . 
 `` who needs jackets anyway ? '' 
 he says with a wry smile , then returns his lips to my neck , trailing kisses across my skin that make me hot and wet and hungry . 
 `` jill , '' he says , and he 's no longer playful . 
 he 's intense and demanding , as he puts a hand on my chin and makes me look at him . 
 `` tell me you think about me . '' 
 i do n't answer . 
 i just breathe out hard . 
 `` tell me i get you off when you 're all alone . '' 
 i bite my lip , and my ni ** les harden from the way he 's speaking to me . 
 i want his hands all over me . 
 i want his hands between my legs . 
 i wriggle under him , arching my h * ps against him . 
 he moves away , so i ca n't feel his erection against me , even though i 'm dying to . 
 `` tell me you picture me doing all sorts of things to you . '' 
 his hands roam down my chest , and he cups my br ** sts through my sweater . 
 i nearly cry out , it feels so good , sparks of sheer pleasure rippling through my entire being . 
 `` you do , do n't you ? '' 
 `` why are you asking me ? '' 
 i say in a tortured voice , because he 's tormenting me with his fantastic hands , pinching my nipple between his thumb and index finger and it 's rough , but it makes me feel alive . 
 it makes this moment feel real . 
 i want to feel every single thing right now . 
 every real feeling . 
 `` because . 
 i do n't want you thinking of someone else when i make you come tonight . '' 
 `` oh god , '' i gasp , and with a quickness that surprises him , i grab his ass and pull him down to me so i can feel what i 've done to him , so i can know i 'm not the only one tumbling towards the edge . 
 he gives me a daring look , as if he 's impressed that i snagged the upper hand for one delirious moment , but then i do n't care about this battle of wills because he 's so hard and it 's all because of me , and i ca n't get enough of the friction . 
 i tug him closer , so i can feel the steel length of him against my thigh . 
 before i know it , his hands are up my shirt , and he 's unhooking my bra . 
 he squeezes my br ** sts , and i swear it 's like wildfire racing through me from his slightest touch . 
 i buck my h * ps against him . 
 `` please , '' i say . 
 `` please what ? '' 
 `` do something , '' i beg . 
 `` tell me i 'm the only one you 're going to think of when you come undone in a few minutes , '' he says , his voice rough against my ear . 
 `` is n't it f ** king obvious ? '' 
 i say through gritted teeth , and my frustrated response earns me the most wicked grin from davis . 
 i have no idea what he 's going to do to me , but i do n't care . 
 i ca n't stand how long it 's been since someone 's hands have been on me . 
 i want to be touched so badly , i can feel it deep in my bones , this need . 
 i need him . 
 `` say it . '' 
 `` i think of you . 
 i think of you making me come . 
 there . 
 are you happy ? '' 
 `` as happy as you 're going to be in a few minutes . '' 
 davis i tug off her sweater as she shrugs out of her bra , then i stop for one brief moment to savour the view . 
 she 's topless , her arms over her head , all beautiful curves and gorgeous flesh , and i want to spend hours on her body , touching and tasting her neck , and her br ** sts , and her absolutely enticing belly . 
 but she 's already panting , and i can feel the heat between her legs , even through the denim of her jeans . 
 i press hard against her with my hand , and she draws in a breath . 
 `` oh god , '' she says , and her voice is rising . 
 she pushes against me , rubbing against my hand in a desperate frenzy . 
 it suddenly hits me that she 's already close . 
 that i could slide my hand inside her jeans , feel her wetness and bring her to release within a few seconds . 
 her face is strained , and her skin is so fevered , but her eyes are closed . 
 `` please . 
 please make me come . 
 please , '' she says and that last word borders on a cry . 
 she 's arching her hips , and she 's fumbling at the button of her jeans . 
 but i need to know she 's with me before i go further . 
 i press both my hands gently , but firmly , on top of hers , quieting her moves . 
 `` jill . 
 look at me . '' 
 she opens her eyes . 
 they are wild with desire . 
 `` i 've got this . 
 i 'll get you there . '' 
 she nods and drops her hands to the leather , letting me take care of her . 
 her breath is coming fast , but she stays still . 
 i unbutton her jeans , unzip them and slide my hand between her legs . 
 she is wet through her black lace underwear , and there is nothing that feels better than this , than her being so ready for me , so turned on that the cotton panel of her underwear is damp with her heat . 
 my dick is straining against the fly in my jeans , and i want so badly to be inside her , but this is n't about me right now , or even about me tonight . 
 this is about whatever desperate need is winding up her body . 
 `` you are so wet and hot . 
 this is all for me , is n't it ? '' 
 she gasps out a sound , as i play with the waistband on her underwear . 
 she starts to thrust her h * ps up , and i shake my head several times . 
 `` no . 
 i told you . 
 i 'll take care of this . '' 
 my fingers inch their way between her legs and i slide them once across her . 
 `` fuck , jill , '' i hiss out . 
 then i bring my fingers to my lips and lick off her taste . 
 `` please , '' she says , and she 's crossed some kind of line , she 's wracked with the overwhelming need to come right now , and there 's nothing i 'd rather do than be the one to satisfy her . 
 i pull her jeans down past her hips , then tug them off . 
 my hand is back in the promised land , and she 's so deliriously wet that i plan to make a shrine to her for being the hottest woman i 've ever touched , and the neediest , and that 's fine with me , because this is what i want . 
 her . 
 this woman . 
 screw the past . 
 screw my rules . 
 i do n't care about anything right now but making her come . 
 i want her to be in some kind of never ending bliss , so i slide two fingers across her , and she moans greedily , as if this kind of touch is the thing she craves most in the entire world . 
 `` god , it feels so good , '' she says in a ragged whisper . 
 i 've barely given her anything , but she 's already near the edge , so i rub the pad of my thumb where she wants me most , and soon she 's thrusting her hips , and she 's no longer whispering , she 's screaming out , `` oh , god , oh god , oh god . '' 
 that 's it . 
 that 's all it takes , as she comes , her entire body rocking against my hand , h * ps bucking hard and wildly . 
 she grabs at me , pulling my face to her and kissing me , but she 's so far gone from the orgasm rocketing through her body that it 's a supremely sloppy , though intensely sexy kiss , because i made her come in seconds flat and she 's still crying out . 
 her voice can really carry , and the sound of her coming echoes around the car , but the driver does n't care . 
 her whole body is trembling as she starts to come down , and soon she opens her eyes , and breathes out hard and looks at me . 
 her eyes are dreamy now , and she has a glow that makes her even more beautiful . 
 i want to see that look again and again . 
 i want to be the only one who makes her feel this way . 
 `` that was ... '' she trails off . 
 `` that was what ? '' 
 i ask , because even though i 'm pretty certain she enjoyed herself immensely , i 'm a guy . 
 i still like hearing it from the source . 
 `` that was the fir - '' then she stops . 
 `` that was amazing . '' 
 and she pulls me in for another kiss that makes my brain go fuzzy from the heady taste of her lips , and the way she smells even sexier after she 's just come . 
 i can barely process what she was going to say , and i 'm not sure it even matters right now . 
 i nip at her bottom lip , and then break the kiss . 
 she reaches for me , trying to touch my cock . 
 but i stop her hand . 
 `` what ? 
 why ca n't i touch you ? '' 
 `` because this was about you . '' 
 `` but i want to . '' 
 `` yeah , and trust me , there 's nothing i want more than for you to know what you do to me . 
 but i already know that you 're the only one i 'm thinking of . 
 and i 'm not going to let you touch me until i 'm certain that i 'm the only one you want to be touching . '' 
 she gives me a questioning look , but there 's no bending here . 
 i 've already chucked my one hard and fast rule , and now i 'm not only caught up with an actress , i 'm caught up with an actress who 's told me she 's in love with someone else . 
 double the obstacles . 
 so i answer her by pulling her close and kissing her forehead softly . 
 `` you know it 's true . 
 but you also know that he 's not the one who made you come tonight . 
 i am . 
 so the next time you 're alone , i want you to picture what i did to you . 
 and then i want you to imagine all the things i 'm going to do with my tongue when i taste you for the first time . 
 and then you 're going to tell me if it 's as good as you imagined when i go down on you sometime soon . 
 sometime very , very soon . 
 because you taste fantastic . '' 
 she shudders , bites her lip once then breathes out , hard . 
 `` yes . '' 
 then i push her hair away from her ear . 
 `` do you want to come again now ? '' 
 she nods against my chest , then whispers , `` i do n't know if i can though . '' 
 `` you can , '' i tell her , and this time i pull off her underwear and she 's completely na ** d and beautiful as i slide two fingers inside her and she rocks against me , coming apart once more . 
 chapter 13 davis clay holds the punching bag , and i slam a cross into it . 
 then i administer my best hook . 
 jab , cross , hook-i repeat this combination , grunting hard , putting everything i have into each punch . 
 i feel the burn in my stomach and shoulders from the exertion . 
 i end with a final flurry of hits and cap it off with a punishing uppercut , feeling simultaneously sated and charged . 
 i finish , and clay pats the bag once , then claps me on the back . 
 i breathe out hard , panting . 
 `` nice , '' he says . 
 `` picture anyone in particular this time ? '' 
 `` me ? 
 no . 
 never . '' 
 i do n't think of anyone when i hit . 
 i do n't need to picture someone 's face to hit like this . 
 there 's a store of coiled-up tension already inside me from working so much , so hard , so long . 
 this is simply the release . 
 `` c'mon . 
 not your least favorite executive producer in the world ? 
 don was a prick to deal with . 
 tried to pull all sorts of shit with your contract . '' 
 `` i know . 
 he 's still a f ** king prick . 
 showed up the other day at rehearsals and told me to go easy on alexis . '' 
 `` i bet you wanted to hit him then , '' clay says , half joking , half knowing me . 
 i pretend to consider that , as i unwrap my hands . 
 `` hmm . 
 you know , maybe i did . 
 you got me there , clay . '' 
 we walk over to the water fountain at the boxing gym where we work out . 
 it 's a tribeca gym , so it 's full of men like us : guys who spend their days working in the shade , who wear white collars and ties , who make deals for a living . 
 but still , it 's more my speed than one of those 24-hour gyms with the cardio machines . 
 i 'd rather lift weights , and punch the life out of a bag to burn off the day . 
 it 's an old habit , and one i do n't plan on letting up . 
 one i took up when i was younger , and one that helped me deal after i lost my parents . 
 everyone grieves differently . 
 my way through the pain was to punch it out . 
 it worked , and i made it through taking care of my sister and sending her off to college . 
 there was n't anyone else to look after us ; it was just me . 
 i take a long cold , swallow of water . 
 i grab my gym bag , pull on a sweatshirt and head out with clay , the cold january air the perfect end to a workout . 
 `` so is the show coming together ? '' 
 clay is n't only my closest friend from college . 
 he 's my lawyer now too , the best damn entertainment lawyer in the business . 
 he handled all the negotiations with don kraftig , once stillman chose him to produce . 
 `` going to be the best production to hit new york in years . '' 
 `` that 's what i love most about you . 
 your humble nature . '' 
 `` damn straight . 
 and you ? '' 
 `` squeezing money out of all sorts of producers for all sorts of clients like there 's no tomorrow . 
 i 'm wrapping up a deal for one of my show runners for a new network sitcom this week . 
 his f ** king agent was a loser . 
 he had to can the agent , so i did it all . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 you 're a modest one , too . 
 i 'm sure you 're hating doing all that work when you see your hours add up . '' 
 `` one of the producers even sent me extra tickets to the broadway cares auction in a few weeks because he was so damn happy the contract was finally done . 
 they want you to say a few words about the fundraising efforts crash the moon will be doing . 
 you want some extra tickets too ? 
 to take michele ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 she loves going to all those galas . '' 
 `` listen , '' he begins , drawing in a breath . 
 `` i heard from madeline 's agent . '' 
 my shoulders tense . 
 that 's a name i did n't expect to hear this morning . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` sounds like she 's coming to new york soon , '' he says as a cab squeals to a stop at a nearby light . 
 `` that so ? '' 
 i say , trying to keep it cool . 
 `` has n't been announced , but her agent just signed her for the lead in the new steve martin play that starts rehearsals in a few weeks , '' he continues as we walk past early morning runners , focused looks on their faces . 
 `` anyway , i thought you might want to know since the play will be at the belasco . '' 
 the belasco theater . 
 one block away . 
 i sigh heavily , but steel myself . 
 madeline is the past . 
 i wo n't go there again . 
 `` i 'm a big boy . 
 i can handle it . '' 
 `` hey , davis ? 
 have you met my friend davis ? 
 he was the guy who was wrecked by this gal in san diego three years ago . '' 
 but i 'm not wrecked anymore . 
 not by her at least . 
 she 's in the rearview mirror , and maybe that 's why i 've been loosening my rules . 
 `` would it make you feel better if you procured her rehearsal schedule and emailed it to me so i could plan my day around it ? '' 
 i joke . 
 `` i 'm sure you could even get my sister involved and the two of you can devise new routes to work for me . '' 
 `` just looking out for you , man . 
 someone has to . '' 
 `` i 'll catch you later , '' i say , as we reach my loft . 
 * * * ava chases paolo and grabs him before he leaves the classroom . 
 `` i see you 've changed your mind , '' paolo says with a daring look in his eye , challenging ava to make the next move . 
 `` i need you , professor paolo . '' 
 `` do n't call me professor . '' 
 `` what should i call you ? '' 
 `` do n't call me . 
 kiss me . '' 
 then she cups his cheeks in her hands and kisses him , a long , slow , wet kiss . 
 it 's a fantastic kiss , full of believable smoulder and so much longing . 
 but something 's missing . 
 alexis and patrick pull apart , break character and look at me expectantly , awaiting notes . 
 this is the tenth time they 've worked on this scene today . 
 `` it 's still not coming together , '' i say . 
 alexis sighs audibly . 
 `` well , i flossed and brushed beforehand , so it ca n't possibly be my fault . '' 
 `` i would never think it your fault that a kiss is n't working , '' i say , to placate her . 
 `` so what 's the problem them ? '' 
 `` i 'm trying to figure it out . '' 
 `` i 've never had to work this hard on a kissing scene . 
 the audiences all love my kissing scenes , '' she continues in a haughty voice . 
 `` of course they do , '' i say , and i hate that she 's right . 
 but she is . 
 she 's beloved by the fans . 
 they have no clue what she 's like to work with . 
 all they know is she 's a force of nature on stage and she possesses far too much of that most precious resource-charisma . 
 `` are we supposed to kiss all day ? '' 
 `` alexis , you make it sound like it 's such an awful task , '' patrick huffs , and i half want to commend the guy . 
 he rarely has a sharp word for anyone , but i 'm glad he 's rising to the occasion here . 
 i wave them off . 
 `` it 's not the two of you , '' i say as i pace around the studio , trying to work out what 's missing . 
 i rewind briefly to jill 's audition when she performed this scene perfectly . 
 what was so different about it ? 
 i let myself picture her grabbing patrick , kissing him like her life depended on it . 
 even though there 's a weed twisting in my gut at the recall for so many reasons-especially since that kiss was half real now that i know she 's in love with him-the kiss is n't the problem . 
 alexis and patrick kiss like lovers who 've been burning for each other . 
 jill and patrick did as well . 
 but even so , the kiss does n't feel as authentic as it could be . 
 that 's when i realize the problem does n't lie in this scene . 
 the trouble is what precedes it . 
 the moment before she sings `` changed your mind . '' 
 `` here 's the issue . 
 there 's no transition . 
 i do n't believe for a second they 'd go from all cooped-up anger about her painting style and his teaching , and then go to a kiss . 
 there needs to be a transition . 
 a moment of intimacy before they kiss . 
 some moment of touching but not quite touching before they finally kiss . '' 
 i stop pacing . 
 `` thirty-minute break . 
 i need to get out of here . '' 
 i leave the studio , take the elevator downstairs and head outside . 
 i need fresh air . 
 i need to think . 
 i need to find the solution , the piece that 's missing . 
 i push a hand roughly through my hair and lose myself in the midday crowds of tourists and locals thronging down broadway , some in just-bought i love new york jackets as they snap photos , some suited up and in a race to make their midtown meetings . 
 i turn the corner and head toward the st. james . 
 we 're finishing with the rehearsal studio time and moving into the theater itself for the next several weeks . 
 it 's rare to have access to the actual stage itself at this point , but since the st. james is empty clay worked it into my contract for us to rehearse sooner on the stage itself . 
 i head toward the alley that leads to the stage door , figuring some time in the theater itself will be the inspiration i need . 
 then i hear a familiar laugh . 
 there she is , and it slays me every time i see her . 
 how f ** king beautiful she is . 
 how effortless she is . 
 how much i want her again . 
 i see her and i want her . 
 i talk to her and i want her . 
 i spend time in the same five-foot radius and i want her . 
 i watch her as she walks toward me with shelby . 
 they do n't see me yet . 
 they 're chatting with each other , laughing and smiling as if they have some insider secret . 
 a grin tugs at my lips because her smile is so radiant , so pure . 
 some days she seems like the most easygoing person in the world . 
 other times , she seems like she 's hiding something . 
 the mixture is intoxicating and i want to be the one who unlocks her , the one she opens up to . 
 they near me , and shelby sees me first . 
 she waves . 
 `` hello , mr. milo . 
 you checking out our new rehearsal digs ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 ca n't get enough of the st. james . 
 about to take a quick walk-through . '' 
 `` hi , '' jill says , and though she 's acting entirely cool and casual , the slightest blush spreads across her cheeks and i know she 's remembering the other night in the car . 
 i want to whisper hi back , just to her , then kiss her right below her ear in the way that drives her crazy . 
 instead , we behave . 
 the three of us stop in front of one of the glass cases on the stone and stucco wall that will soon hold a poster beckoning passersby to come check out crash the moon . 
 `` we were on our way to the rehearsal studio for our afternoon call , '' jill asks . 
 `` but does this mean we 're working here today ? '' 
 she turns to point to the theater , and i notice her hair . 
 she 's wearing it in a braid today . 
 she 's only worn it up once before-the other night at our private rehearsal . 
 her neck is so inviting , and it takes all my resistance not to touch her , not to run a finger across the exposed skin . 
 i stuff my hands in my pockets , but for a man who prides himself on control i ca n't seem to help myself from saying the next words before it 's too late to stop them . 
 `` your hair is up again . '' 
 then shelby pipes in . 
 `` that 's my handiwork ! 
 i did that . 
 i braided her hair , and let me tell you it 's the best french braid the world has ever seen , '' shelby says with a wink , and it 's cute how proud shelby is of her hair styling accomplishment . 
 she grabs jill by the shoulders and spins her around , so i 'm looking at the back of her head . 
 `` have you ever seen a better braid ? '' 
 but i 'm no longer seeing a braid . 
 i 'm seeing the answer . 
 i 'm seeing what i went looking for . 
 now i know exactly what the scene needs before that kiss . 
 i say goodbye to jill and shelby , duck into the st. james , and call stillman , telling him my idea . 
 he says yes . 
 chapter 14 jill `` and now for the piece de resistance . '' 
 kat shows me one of her newest prototype necklaces , with a miniature padlock modelled after the ones hung on the lover 's bridge in paris . 
 `` a spin-off from the holiday line , '' she adds , referring to the paris-themed necklaces that were sold in tandem with cufflinks made from the old locks from the bridge . 
 her fiance 's company made the cufflinks and then manufactured the necklaces she designed . 
 they were a massive hit at stores and now she 's doing the hers version of the padlocks as a necklace . 
 i turn around , and sweep up my hair with one hand . 
 she loops the jewelry around my neck , letting the charm fall against my skin . 
 she spins me around so i can face the mirror behind her door . 
 `` see ? 
 you look mah-velous , dahling ! 
 simply mah-velous . '' 
 she 's so genuinely happy , in general , but also for me . 
 happy that i 'm spending the afternoon with patrick . 
 she knows how long i 've been in love with him , how i 've hoped for this moment for years . 
 and now it 's here and i try to ignore the hollow pit in my stomach . 
 only , it 's hardly hollow . 
 it 's filled with all my guilt over what i did with my director the other night . 
 i let him touch me . 
 i begged him to touch me . 
 i practically threw myself at him in the car , grabbing his shirt , and then pleaded with him to make me come . 
 i was a crazed animal , beseeched with need . 
 and it makes no sense how i could have wanted him so badly , but be so terribly in love with the man i 'm meeting for coffee in an hour . 
 the perfect man for me . 
 patrick with his music , and his songs , and the duets we sing together so well . 
 patrick who wants to be my friend first . 
 patrick who i 've loved for so long . 
 all davis wants is to f ** k me . 
 i have to focus on today , on the here and now . 
 not on the other night . 
 i turn back to the mirror , appraising my appearance . 
 i 'm wearing jeans , red cowboy boots and a scoop neck top . 
 my hair is down and i tuck it behind my ears , because it 's the only way i can wear it that does n't remind me of davis . 
 of how he ca n't keep his hands out of my hair . 
 how he likes my hair up , how he likes my hair down , how he ca n't stop touching me . 
 here with my hair tucked primly , i do n't feel like the woman who 's playing two men . 
 `` um , no . 
 what are you ? 
 a schoolgirl ? 
 let it free ! '' 
 kat threads her fingers in my hair and makes it wild again . 
 `` never tuck your hair behind your ears on a date . '' 
 `` it 's not even a date . 
 we 're just friends , '' i say , as if that makes what i 'm doing okay . 
 she rolls her eyes . 
 `` yeah . 
 go have fun with your friend . 
 i 'm going to go call my friend bryan , '' she says , sketching air quotes , `` to see if he wants to come over and be friends . '' 
 `` i mean it , kat . 
 how much more platonic could it be ? 
 we 're going out on a sunday afternoon . 
 it 's not that way with patrick . '' 
 she fixes me a serious look . 
 `` make it that way then , jill . 
 make it the way you want it . 
 now 's your time . '' 
 i grab my coat , my purse and my phone and catch the subway , those last few words still echoing . 
 now 's my time . 
 because i 've done my time , right ? 
 i 've beaten myself up over aaron . 
 i 've read his letters thousands of times . 
 they 're branded in my brain . 
 they 're tattooed on my heart . 
 they 're alive in my head , eating away at me . 
 i close my eyes as the train rattles under the city , and aaron 's written words ring in my ears . 
 i f ** king love you so much . 
 do you have any idea what it feels like to love a person this much ? 
 it 's killing me to be without you . 
 i press my fingers against my temple , as if i can squeeze out the reminders of him . 
 the memories i 'm dying to bury for good . 
 i still do n't understand it . 
 he was so good to me the whole time we were together . 
 captain of the swim team , president of student council , the model upstanding guy . 
 he was unimpeachable , and he was crazy about me . 
 if i 'd loved him as much as he loved me , would things have been different ? 
 would i be different ? 
 but it 's so hard to know anymore . 
 all i know is that love should be free from the kind of weight and hold that aaron had on me . 
 love should be perfect and pure . 
 the train pulls into seventy-second street and soon i 'm walking to a coffee shop where i 'm greeted by the blazingly beautiful smile of patrick , the very reason i 'm no longer in that dark , awful place i lived in after things ended with aaron . 
 he 's the reason , he got me through and he 's here now , wearing jeans and a navy blue pullover , his honey-gold eyes twinkling when he sees me . 
 he wraps me in a hug and his arms feel warm and safe around me , as i always imagined they 'd be . 
 yes , this is the opposite of all my lonely days and nights . 
 this is the beginning of the end of feeling like the worst person in the world . 
 for the next hour , we drink lattes and chat about our favorite shows , then our favorite movies , then our favorite songs , and it 's all such standard getting-to-know you stuff , and it 's fun . 
 really , it 's fun . 
 when we finish and leave the cafe , he tips his forehead to the end of the block . 
 `` there 's a great indie bookstore on seventy-third . 
 want to pop in ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 once inside , he stops at the first table and taps a celebrity tell-all tale from the latest reality star du jour . 
 `` god , i love these books , '' he says and grabs it , and opens it to a random page . 
 he adopts a high-pitched voice to match that of the starlet . 
 `` but spending the summers in lake como with my movie star boyfriend is n't as glamorous as everyone thinks it would be . 
 my iphone has spotty reception there , so it 's hard for me to keep up with twitter . '' 
 he chuckles deeply . 
 `` i have to get this . '' 
 he lowers his voice to a conspiratorial whisper . 
 `` do n't tell anyone though . 
 it 's my addiction . 
 a total vice . 
 i eat these books up like they 're candy . 
 it 's junk reading , but i do n't care . 
 they make me happy . '' 
 i bring a finger to my lips . 
 `` i wo n't breathe a word . '' 
 `` what about you ? 
 what do you like to read ? '' 
 i bite my lip and look away . 
 do i tell him the truth ? 
 that i read red-hot racy romance novels ? 
 that i love stories with sexy alpha males who border on bossy ? 
 that i crave tales of men who work hard and f ** k hard and say dirty sexy things to their women ? 
 there was a time when i went for the sweeter stuff . 
 but lately , i need the heat way up to get off . 
 yeah , maybe i wo n't tell him all this . 
 especially considering all i needed the other night was a man who does n't even want me . 
 a man who wo n't even take me out to dinner , much less for a coffee . 
 not that i 'd even want to go out with him . 
 not when i have a chance with patrick . 
 `` oh , you know , this and that , '' i say evasively . 
 `` c'mon , now , '' he says in a teasing voice . 
 `` you can tell me . '' 
 this is what i wanted , right ? 
 to get to know him . 
 to let him get to know me . 
 i hesitate , though , because i do n't know how it would feel to speak the truth . 
 to open up . 
 even about a little thing like what i read . 
 but it 's not really a little thing . 
 it 's a big thing , because it has everything to do with who i am now . 
 with why i am this person . 
 i read these books because it 's all i 've allowed myself . 
 because i 'm terrified of getting close to another person again . 
 because i 'm petrified of a twisted kind of love . 
 because make-believe is more than a job . 
 it 's a way of life for me . 
 `` elmore leonard . 
 get shorty is not only an awesome movie , but a fantastic book too , '' i say , because he 's my brother 's favorite author . 
 i 'm using his lines too , telling patrick exactly what chris has said to me about elmore leonard . 
 a wave of self-loathing pounds me because i 'm lying to patrick over something so minor . 
 would it be so hard for me to tell him the truth about something as innocuous as what i read ? 
 but even as i try to get the honest words past my lips i 'm layering on another little white lie . 
 `` and carl hiassen , too . 
 he just tells the craziest stories and they suck me into his world . '' 
 more lines from chris . 
 more lies to patrick . 
 `` do you have his newest ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` let me get it for you then . 
 as a gift . '' 
 `` okay , '' i say in a strangled voice . 
 but he does n't notice , because he 's grabbing two copies of the hiassen from the shelves and happily heading to the counter with books to buy . 
 soon , he 's presenting me the book , and a part of me is over the moon because patrick carlson-the love of my life-is giving me a gift , but another part of me feels so unworthy . 
 he 's such a good guy , and i 'm so messed up . 
 `` so your homework is to read this , and next time we get together we can talk about it . 
 i bought myself a copy too . 
 but it might have to wait a few days because i 'm going to have to tear through this memoir first . '' 
 i clutch the book against my chest . 
 `` thank you . 
 i ca n't wait for our book club , patrick . '' 
 at least that 's the truth . 
 at least , i think it is . 
 * * * my heart pounds and my legs burn , and my breath is visible in the frozen morning air . 
 it 's monday , still early in the dawn , and the sun is barely peeking over the wintry new york horizon . 
 i turn around and run backwards for several paces . 
 `` almost there , '' i call out to my crew of mommy warriors as we run behind the metropolitan museum of art . 
 they are a resilient group , decked out in nylon running pants and fleece jackets . 
 this group is my most advanced set , and they 're the ones training for the upcoming 10k to raise money for breast cancer research . 
 it 's their third year doing it , and if they improve their times they 'll land more matching money from corporate sponsors . 
 `` keep up your pace . 
 keep your elbows at your side , and do n't forget to breathe . '' 
 i flash them a smile and i turn back around as we run towards the reservoir in central park . 
 the women are quiet in the home stretch and so am i , as i let the running do what it does : wash away the little while lie i told yesterday . 
 i run it off , and leave it all behind me . 
 i tell myself i 'm starting over . 
 that i 'm a new kind of person starting a new kind of life , one where i do n't feel so damn responsible for all that went wrong . 
 maybe this new me likes carl hiassen . 
 i should give carl a chance , right ? 
 when we reach the end of the reservoir , i raise a fist in the air , encouraging all of my ladies as they slow down and finish a hard morning run . 
 `` you 're amazing . 
 you 're going to do great on saturday . '' 
 i hug them all , and soon we go our separate ways . 
 as i walk across eighty-sixth street towards the subway , i fast forward to tonight . 
 to the next private rehearsal . 
 should i wear my hair up or down ? 
 should i wear that black v-neck sweater that hugs my br ** sts just so ? 
 or maybe the navy blue one since it matches my eyes ? 
 wait , i know what to wear . 
 my red sweater with the little buttons up the front . 
 i bet he likes red . 
 then i realize i 'm about to walk into traffic because i 've been daydreaming about tonight . 
 i stop at the curb , and press the crosswalk button , and tell myself to stop thinking about davis . 
 chapter 15 davis i unlock the stage door to let myself in . 
 i 'm the first to arrive , and i 'll be the last to leave . 
 i use these moments before the stage manager , choreographer , music director and cast arrive to walk through the theater , a more intimate setting than many others on broadway . 
 it 's not as small as some playhouses , but it 's not a cold , heartless theater like some of the newer ones . 
 it 's the perfect size for a show like this since crash the moon is n't about the extravaganza and spectacle ; it 's about the relationships between the characters , about lives changing , hearts breaking , and passion . 
 this theater is the only one that can handle the intensity and the sexiness of this production . 
 i head down the center aisle , trailing my hand over the creaky upholstered chairs that theatergoers will pay top dollar to park themselves in soon . 
 tickets went on sale last week , and don emailed to tell me the show is already sold out for the first two weeks and counting . 
 that 's 1,600 seats filled every night with people expecting to be blown away by this show . 
 i tap the stage for good luck then turn to the empty house , picturing it full of faces , chatting , eager for the show , brushing up on actors ' credits in the playbill then tucking away phone , closing purses and focusing as the overture to the newest frederick stillman show begins . 
 four more weeks to get it ready . 
 my thoughts are interrupted when shannon marches across the floorboards , clipboard in hand . 
 `` alexis called . 
 she has a cold and ca n't make it in today . '' 
 `` color me surprised , '' i say dryly . 
 my stage manager rolls her eyes . 
 `` shocking . 
 i know . '' 
 `` does that make it two missed rehearsals already , shannon ? '' 
 i ask , though i already know the answer . 
 `` indeed it does . '' 
 `` remind me not to tell don that i told him so when this keeps up during the show . '' 
 she laughs once . 
 `` of course . 
 should i let ms. mccormick know she 'll be playing ava today ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 you can give her the new pages when she arrives . 
 same for patrick . 
 give them an hour to read them over first and we 'll have them on at ten . '' 
 she nods . 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 minutes later , the actors trickle in and i work on a scene with two of the supporting cast members first . 
 then the stage manager calls patrick and jill to the stage . 
 i 'm instantly hard when i see what she 's wearing . 
 tight jeans and a red sweater . 
 she looks edible in red . 
 then i notice it has tiny little pearl-shaped buttons on it . 
 i can hear the sound of them clattering across the floor if i were to rip it off her . 
 it 's going to be a long f ** king day , watching her rehearse this scene with patrick . 
 * * * shannon has one hand pressed against the stage door later that evening . 
 `` alexis called . 
 she 'll be back tomorrow . 
 she said she-her words-simply can not wait to rehearse the new scene . '' 
 `` i 'm so glad she 'll grace us with her presence . '' 
 `` if we 're lucky , she might even try to reconfigure the blocking , '' shannon says in a deadpan voice as she zips up her coat . 
 the weather forecast earlier today called for snow after midnight . 
 shannon taps the doorframe , as if an idea just took shape . 
 `` maybe you could nail down some of the blocking tonight when you work with jill . 
 so there 's no wiggle room . '' 
 i tamp down the mischievous grin that 's forming . 
 i 'd certainly thought of that myself , but hearing the suggestion from my stage manager makes my task tonight feel all the more necessary . 
 `` good idea , shan . 
 now go get home so you can curl up by the fire and watch the snow fall . '' 
 she raises an eyebrow . 
 `` maybe we 'll even have a snow day tomorrow , '' she muses . 
 `` oh wait . 
 davis milo never allows snow days . '' 
 she swats me playfully on the arm . 
 `` you do n't allow them either . '' 
 `` you got me there . 
 but i learned my merciless ways from you , '' she says , then tosses her scarf around her neck with a final flourish . 
 `` i 'm off into the tundra . '' 
 she opens the door , letting in a cold blast of air . 
 i 'm about to close it , when a voice i long to hear calls out , `` hold the door ! 
 my hands are full . '' 
 i push back on the door and see jill practically sprinting down the alley , holding a cup of coffee in each hand . 
 she says a quick hello and goodbye to shannon as she passes her . 
 `` good luck with the hair scene , jill , '' shannon says . 
 `` make sure you guys finalize the blocking . '' 
 `` hair scene . 
 i 'm on it , '' she answers like a good soldier , following orders . 
 jill reaches the door , and holds up the blue paper cups . 
 `` coffee . '' 
 `` i can see that . '' 
 `` i got you one , '' she says , and there 's the slightest flutter to her voice , as if she 's nervous . 
 she thrusts a cup at me , and i take it . 
 it 's just coffee but still , i 'm dying to break into a grin because it 's not just coffee-it 's coffee from her , it 's coffee for us . 
 it 's a little something she did for our private rehearsal . 
 `` i 'm impressed you can run and not spill the coffee . '' 
 `` it 's all part of my marathon training . 
 in fact , i teach that skill to the more advanced runners in my coaching group . '' 
 `` but of course . 
 some of them probably even want to learn how not to spill a latte , or perhaps an espresso , '' i say with a smirk . 
 `` we 're actually well past the how-not-to-spill espresso training . 
 by the way , do you think you can let me in now ? '' 
 i laugh , realizing i 'm standing in the doorway and she 's outside , shivering , even with her coat on . 
 i open the door wider , letting her in . 
 i look briefly at the dark sky that 's brighter than usual , a sure sign the clouds are swelling with snow . 
 `` looks like snow . '' 
 i let the door close behind us . 
 `` you better watch out then . 
 i throw a mean snowball . 
 my brothers taught me how to throw . '' 
 `` i 'll consider myself duly warned for the vicious snowball attack . '' 
 we head down the backstage hallway toward the wings of the stage . 
 as i watch her walk , her coat hitting just below her waist , i imagine her na ** d again . 
 i love that i know what she looks like without anything on . 
 i take a drink . 
 the coffee is perfect . 
 just black . 
 nothing added to it . 
 exactly how i like it . 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 `` how did i know what ? '' 
 `` how i take my coffee . '' 
 `` i took a wild guess . 
 my roommate has this theory about guys and their coffee drinks , '' she says as we reach the stage . 
 she stops at the edge of the curtains . 
 `` a theory about men and coffee ? '' 
 i raise an eyebrow . 
 `` enlighten me . '' 
 she briefly looks at her shoes , then back at me . 
 `` well , it 's just , she has this theory that the man who orders just coffee is , you know ... '' her voice trails off , and crimson starts to flood her cheeks . 
 `` is just what ? '' 
 `` just ... '' she ca n't seem to finish the thought . 
 `` you want me to guess ? '' 
 she shakes her head , her hair falling in a curtain around her face in the most thoroughly distracting manner . 
 but she seems embarrassed , and the last thing i want to do is push her past her point of comfort . 
 `` well , whatever the theory is , i will choose to take it as a compliment . '' 
 she raises her face , and meets my eyes . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` do you want a tour of all the secret backstage passageways and doors before we start ? 
 or did you check everything out already today ? '' 
 i offer , hoping she says yes . 
 i want to be able to do something for her that 's special , that no one else can do . 
 to show her more of the things she loves-theater . 
 her eyes sparkle . 
 `` secret backstage stuff . 
 like ghosts ? '' 
 `` this theater has many , many ghosts . 
 they say the ghost of hammerstein sometimes watches from over there . '' 
 i point past the stage , to the balcony on the right-hand side . 
 `` do you think he 's there right now ? '' 
 she whispers . 
 `` oh no . 
 he 's far too busy . 
 he only shows up on opening night . '' 
 she laughs , and places her coffee on the floor and unbuttons her coat . 
 she walks to the edge of the stage , leans slightly , then tosses the coat perfectly so it lands on a chair in the second row . 
 right next to my coat . 
 then she retrieves her cup . 
 i tip my forehead past the wings and crook my finger for her to follow me . 
 i take another sip of the coffee then show her the trapdoor in the stage , the steps down to the orchestra pit that also do double duty for quick costume changes in some shows , and the catwalk above with the spotlights . 
 `` but here 's the best part . 
 did you know there 's a dressing room above the stage ? '' 
 she grins widely , as if i 've just revealed the location to buried treasure . 
 `` how did i not notice it today ? '' 
 `` it 's kind of hidden behind some of the crates with the set pieces we have n't unpacked yet . 
 the star usually claims it ; it 's actually in alexis ' contract . 
 but it 's still worth a look . '' 
 i show her back to the wings , and open a black door that 's painted to match the walls . 
 `` right there . 
 stairs lead up to it . 
 like a fire escape . '' 
 `` can we go up ? '' 
 `` we ca n't go inside . 
 but you can go up . '' 
 she walks up the steps to the top where a small metal balcony looks out over the quiet stage , with the door to the dressing room behind . 
 `` it 's quite a view , '' she says drinking in the majesty of the st. james from this hideout spot that few people ever see . 
 she surveys the expansive place as if she 's privy to a gorgeous sunset , and i love watching her reaction because i feel the same . 
 she turns to me , and we 're so close in this tiniest of balconies that i could easily grab her and kiss her and do so many other things to her , with her , for her up above the floorboards , only the stage below knowing our secrets . 
 `` davis , '' she says in a low and sexy voice that nearly obliterates my self-control . 
 `` would you go down to the stage ? 
 i want to see what it looks like from up here with a person on the stage . '' 
 `` okay , '' i say warily . 
 `` but i 'm not going to perform . '' 
 `` i wo n't ask you to tap dance or twirl in circles . '' 
 `` good , '' i say , then oblige by heading down the metal stairs to the middle of the stage . 
 i 'm still holding my coffee , so i look up at her , and hell if she does n't look like the most romantic woman ever written leaning on the railing in the balcony , her long hair framing her face , a wistful sigh fluttering from her lips . 
 it 's a moment that should n't be ruined by words . 
 besides , she wanted to see how the stage looks , not how it sounds , so i say nothing . 
 i take a drink of my coffee . 
 i wait for her to go next . 
 even from this distance , i can see her swallow and exhale as if she 's about to say something that 's hard for her . 
 `` your coffee ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` all the hot guys take their coffee black . 
 so that 's how i knew . '' 
 for the first time in my life , i am speechless . 
 i am reduced to nothing but this buzzing in my bones , as if every cell inside me has been dialed all the way up . 
 my skin is hot all over and my body feels like it 's shaking as she turns down the stairs , crosses the stage , and stands in front of me . 
 i want to crush her against me . 
 i want to smother her in kisses . 
 i want to taste her , touch her , feel her . 
 her lips are slightly parted , and if i stare at them any longer , i will be claiming her mouth with mine , pushing her up against a wall and owning her body . 
 so i glance down , and that 's a worse decision . 
 the red sweater taunts me . 
 those pearl buttons are beacons calling out to me , and my fingers twitch with the desire to twist hard on one and let it rattle to the floor , then the next , then the next , exposing her br ** sts to me , so full and creamy . 
 i scrub a hand across my jaw , then somehow find the will to turn away from her because if i start something now we 'll never rehearse . 
 i wo n't be able to stop making her come . 
 i force myself to focus on my job . 
 `` we should probably get to work on that scene , '' i say hoarsely . 
 she raises an eyebrow . 
 `` the show must go on . '' 
 she walks to stage left then tosses me a look over her shoulder . 
 `` as they say . '' 
 i love that she can shift back to this playful side , and it 's one more thing that is going to ruin me . 
 * * * there is only an easel on the stage . 
 it 's a temporary one , a fill-in prop from an art supply store . 
 when the show begins , the real easel will be bigger , larger than life in many ways , befitting a broadway show . 
 but for now , this easel does the trick . 
 it gives ava a focal point for her work . 
 she has been painting all day , working and reworking her newest piece under paolo 's direction . 
 the young painter , barely into her twenties , and the world-renowned artist who 's taken her under his iron-fisted wing at art school . 
 paolo returns to the studio to check on her progress and finds her a painted mess . 
 i enter from stage left . 
 ava does n't notice me at first ; she 's so engrossed in the work . 
 i am quiet , walking on cat 's feet to her side . 
 she startles . 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` you are ... '' i do n't finish the sentence . 
 instead , i make a circular motion around her face . 
 `` i 'm what ? '' 
 `` you 're covered in paint . '' 
 she shrugs . 
 `` what else should i be covered in but paint ? '' 
 `` your hair is full of paint . 
 it 's getting in the way . '' 
 with one sweep of her hand she brushes her hair off her face , leaving behind an imaginary streak from the paintbrush . 
 `` oops , '' i say , because paolo feels playful right now . 
 `` it 's on my forehead now , right ? '' 
 i nod , then trace a quick line across her forehead . 
 `` a bright yellow streak . 
 and your hair is the color of the sun too . '' 
 `` i 'm a mess , '' she says in a sweet , self-deprecating tone . 
 `` here . '' 
 i hold out my hand . 
 `` give me the brush . '' 
 she hands it to me , and i lay it on the easel . 
 `` come with me . '' 
 she follows and we move to the middle of the stage . 
 `` sit , '' i tell her . 
 she bites the inside of her lip then sits cross-legged . 
 i kneel behind her , so the audience will be able to see both of us . 
 `` let 's get your hair out of the way . '' 
 `` okay , '' she says , in the softest , sweetest voice . 
 she leans her head back , closes her eyes , and lets me run my fingers through her hair . 
 i gather her hair at the top of her head , the thick strands laying across my palms like silk waterfalls . 
 i begin weaving one strand into another , then gathering another layer , recreating the french braid i saw her wearing the other day . 
 the one that made me think of a moment of intimacy , when paolo and ava come closer together through touch before they kiss in the next scene . 
 a tender moment , where he wants to take care of her , get her painted hair out of her face . 
 i reach the point in the braid where i 'm at her neck , and now i 'm simply looping one strand over the other . 
 there are no more lines in this scene until hers at the end , and as i finish i stare at her neck , at the way a vein seems to be beating harder , and then i listen , and her breaths sound like tiny little sighs . 
 i stop moving for a second , trying to collect myself . 
 i am fighting everything in me that 's dying to touch her . 
 i somehow find the strength to return to character , pulling a rubber band from my pocket , and fastening her braid . 
 she turns around and looks at me . 
 that 's not in the blocking . 
 that 's not how she did it this afternoon with patrick . 
 she did n't look at him . 
 she uttered the last lines while gazing out at the audience , her body language saying how she felt as she leaned into him , showing that she trusted him . 
 but now , she 's leaning back against my chest , and turning to look up at me . 
 a tiny whimper escapes her throat , before she says , `` it feels so good . '' 
 i have no idea if she 's acting . 
 if she 's ava , or jill , or both . 
 if she 's acting , she 's so f ** king convincing because her face says she 's never been more aroused in her life . 
 my hands are still on her back , my thumbs tracing the tiny strands at the end of her braid . 
 she does n't break her gaze , nor do i. i do n't know what 's going on . 
 i do n't what 's happening . 
 but for the first time i do n't feel like i 'm in control anymore . 
 she is . 
 i stay completely still . 
 she counters me by shifting closer . 
 `` what is happening here ? '' 
 her voice is unsteady as she says a line that 's not in the script . 
 `` you tell me , '' i say , and i 'm not even sure where my own voice is coming from . 
 she turns around , uncrosses her legs , and mirrors me , kneeling . 
 `` you wrote that scene for me , did n't you ? '' 
 i nod . 
 my throat is dry . 
 i can barely speak . 
 `` that day you saw me with shelby outside the theater , right ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i swallow . 
 i 'm a f ** king open book now . 
 `` did you write it because it makes the show better ? 
 or did you write it for me ? '' 
 i close my eyes briefly . 
 i 've never had an actress question me like this . 
 then i look at her . 
 `` i put the scene in the show because the show needed it , '' i answer with as much confidence as i can muster , grabbing the reins from her . 
 `` but you 're also kind of into my hair , are n't you ? '' 
 now she 's in control in again . 
 my chest rises and falls and she 's looking at me with such a challenging stare , and so much want in her blue eyes . 
 her breath is staccato , like mine . 
 she raises her hands behind her head , pulling out the rubber band , shaking out her hair , and letting it fall around her face . 
 i am undone by her . 
 my hands are twitching to touch her . 
 i am aching to taste her lips . 
 `` do it , '' she breathes out in a voice so low it 's barely audible , but it 's all i need . 
 i place my hands on her face and cup her cheeks , and she closes her eyes and sighs . 
 then my hands thread through her hair and i pull her to me , pressing my lips to hers again . 
 i am unable to stay away from her . 
 her lips are soft and full and greedy . 
 but i like to lead , so i kiss her deeply , possessively , twining my hands through her glorious hair , as i trace the soft underside of her lips with the tip of my tongue , eliciting the sexiest moan from her that i kiss away . 
 i nibble on her bottom lip , and she gasps . 
 `` davis . '' 
 my name alone sends me into another realm , and before i know it i am tugging on her hair and roaming my mouth down the gorgeous column of her neck , and right before i reach her shoulder blade , i press my teeth to her skin , lightly , but heavy enough to make the smallest of marks . 
 `` ouch , '' she says , but the word tapers off , and the next thing she says is more , in a breathy whisper that turns into a groan of pleasure as i give her what she wants . 
 `` do you know why i want to have my hands in your hair ? '' 
 i say in a hoarse voice . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because i want to pull on your hair as i f ** k you . 
 i want to bend you over and take you against the wall , and i want to gather all your hair in my hands and hear you cry out . '' 
 `` oh god , '' she moans , and her mouth opens in a gorgeous , perfect o that sends my body spiraling further into such dark longing for her . 
 `` do you think i 'd like it ? '' 
 she asks , playing along . 
 `` you 'd love it . 
 because i 'd always make sure it was good for you . 
 and because you like it a little rough . '' 
 `` i think i would too . '' 
 `` and i think you 'd want me to tell you what to do . 
 to direct you . '' 
 `` yes , '' she says , panting , as i bring a hand down to the little pearl buttons on her sweater . 
 `` i want to bite these off , '' i whisper in her ear , my breath hot on her skin and making her shiver . 
 `` but i think you like this sweater . 
 i think you wore it for me . 
 did you wear it for me ? '' 
 i nibble my way down her neck to the hollow of her throat . 
 she gasps out a yes , as i tug on the bottom of her sweater , making room for my hand to slide across her belly . 
 god , her skin is so soft . 
 `` were you thinking i 'd like the way your br ** sts look in it ? 
 that i 'd like you in red ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she grabs my shoulders , and slams me on top of her , her beautiful body against the floorboards . 
 `` this works too though , '' i tease . 
 she laughs , but then turns serious again . 
 `` what else do you want to do to me ? '' 
 `` i want to go down on you on the piano . 
 i want to lift you up and put you on the baby grand , and push your skirt to your h * ps and tell you to spread your legs for me , '' i tell her , and she responds by opening her legs , and grabbing my ass , so we are in perfect missionary except for that little problem of clothes . 
 `` do you think i 'd do what you say ? '' 
 she says breathily , as she thrusts her h * ps against me . 
 `` yeah , '' i say confidently . 
 `` i think you 'd spread your legs for me , and let me taste you . '' 
 `` do you think i 'll taste good ? '' 
 `` i bet you taste like sin and heaven at the same time . 
 i bet you taste f ** king delicious coming on my tongue . '' 
 i look straight into her eyes , and they are full of fire and lust . 
 `` and i 'm going to find out right now , jill . '' 
 i offer her a hand and pull her up , bringing her to the piano at stage right . 
 then i take off her boots , unzip her jeans , and leave them in a pile on the floor . 
 i lift her up and gently lower her on top of the piano . 
 her eyes widen with the realization that i was n't joking . 
 `` are you really going to ? '' 
 `` do you want me to stop ? '' 
 `` no . 
 the last thing i want is for you to stop . '' 
 `` good . 
 now let me admire you . '' 
 i step back as if i 'm appraising her . 
 red lace panties , red sweater , and the look in her eyes is all she wears . 
 `` take off your sweater , '' i tell her . 
 `` do n't you want to take it off of me ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 but i want to watch you undress more . '' 
 she nods , and reaches down to the waistband , crossing her hands , and tugging her sweater over her head . 
 she wears a white strappy tank . 
 `` now the tank . '' 
 she inhales sharply and does as i ask , tossing it into the growing pile of her clothes on the stage . 
 she 's wearing only her matching bra and underwear and she 's a sight to behold in all that red . 
 my eyes roam her body , memorizing her skin , her curves , the way she 's so sexy in anything and nothing . 
 i 'm so hard right now it hurts , and i know i 'll be taking care of myself later . 
 still , i touch myself through my jeans once . 
 `` what you do to me , jill ... '' i say , trailing off . 
 then i stalk over to her and place my hands on her thighs . 
 she quivers as i touch her , and arches her back instantly . 
 i run my thumbs along her inner thighs , and she 's gasping . 
 then i reach her panties , and trace a finger over the thin fabric between her legs that ca n't hide how turned on she is . 
 i circle my index finger across the wet spot that reveals her need to me . 
 she grabs my hair , and tries to pull me closer . 
 i meet her gaze , and her eyes are fiery . 
 `` please stop teasing me . '' 
 `` i 'm not teasing you . '' 
 `` you are . '' 
 `` i would only be teasing you if i planned to stop . '' 
 she presses her hand against her mouth . 
 `` i ca n't take it any more . 
 just touch me . 
 please . '' 
 `` take off your bra . '' 
 she reaches behind her back , and unclasps it instantly , handing it to me . 
 i drop it on the ground , then cup her br ** sts . 
 `` so beautiful , '' i murmur . 
 i lavish attention first on one breast , tugging on her nipple as she moans , then the other , and the noises she makes drive me on . 
 then i pull back . 
 `` but that 's not what i promised you tonight . '' 
 `` i know , and i want what you promised . '' 
 `` what did i promise ? '' 
 i ask in a teasing voice . 
 `` you said you 'd go down on me very soon . '' 
 `` so is now very soon ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she says , panting . 
 `` is now when you want to come on my tongue ? '' 
 she closes her eyes briefly , opens them , moistens her lips , and says yes . 
 `` i want to come in your mouth , '' she says , and her voice is full of reckless desire . 
 there 's something so wild in her , so untamed , as if she wants to be unleashed like this , and wants me to do it . 
 `` let me see what you look like on my stage with nothing on . '' 
 jill i shimmy out of my panties and hitch in a breath . 
 my whole body is vibrating , and i am lit up from the inside out . 
 every part of me is screaming for him . 
 i 'm completely na ** d on top of the piano and he rakes me over with his eyes , making me feel like i 'm the only one he 's ever wanted like this . 
 i do n't know how he does this to me , how he makes me feel charged all over , but i 've never been this turned on . 
 i did n't know i could be this turned on , but this man makes me feel like my body belongs to him , like he can bring me places i never thought i could be . 
 like he can take me way past this reckless longing into some sort of altered state of bliss . 
 `` jill . 
 fucking jill , '' he says in a rough voice . 
 he steps closer , curves a hand around my neck , and kisses me gently on the lips , then pulls back to drink me in with his eyes . 
 `` you are the most beautiful woman i 've ever met . 
 you have to know that . 
 you have to know how beautiful and intoxicating you are to me . 
 and i 'm going to bury my face between your legs right now . 
 spread your legs for me . '' 
 i am aching for him , throbbing past the point of no return . 
 i want him so badly it 's like my desire has become its own life force here in the theater with him . 
 i scoot back on the top of the piano and part my legs , my knees falling open for him . 
 then his hands are on my thighs and i cry out . 
 he has n't even tasted me yet , and i 'm already in heaven with him so near me . 
 he bends down and traces his tongue across all the wetness between my legs . 
 sparks of sheer pleasure shoot through me , from the center of my body all the way to my fingertips . 
 i loop my hands in his hair , holding onto him and pulling him closer . 
 i want him so badly , i want his mouth , and his tongue , and his lips , and i even want the bristly scratch of his stubble against me . 
 i want every single sensation all over me . 
 but mostly , i want him to quench this burning need in my body , because it feels like i might die if i do n't come . 
 i know that 's not true yet nothing has ever felt more true , because i 've been reduced to nothing but feelings , to the constant bursts of pleasure that he brings me as he licks me , his moans the sexiest sounds i 've ever heard in my life as he tastes me , savoring me . 
 i did n't even know it was possible to be wanted this much , but davis makes me feel as if no woman in the world has ever felt like this before , as if all the pleasure cascading through my body is happening for the first time . 
 he flicks his tongue against my clit , and i grab his hair harder and buck against him . 
 then his lips are on me , kissing me between my legs and it 's beyond amazing the things he can do with his mouth . 
 until i learn what he can do with his fingers at the same time . 
 he thrusts two inside me , and my head falls back from the dizzying feel-the softness of his mouth , the roughness of his fingers . 
 he swirls delirious lines with the tip of his tongue , all while f ** king me hard and deep with his fingers , and all i can picture is him inside me , filling me up , stretching me . 
 soon , my world spins off its axis , sending me into a place of pure and absolute bliss , like every molecule and atom inside of me is vibrating , and i 've never felt more alive . 
 somewhere , somehow , i 'm vaguely aware of all these sounds i 'm making , these wild moans , and pants , as i cry out , and beg him for more and more because i 'm racing , rocking against him , reaching for his hair , his shoulders , as i move harder and faster , my breaths erratic as i climb my way to the far edge of desire . 
 i am devastated by the feelings that wrack through my body . 
 i am undone . 
 completely and utterly undone for him . 
 i call out his name , and it echoes around the theater , reverberating across the walls and crashing all over the empty auditorium as i come on his mouth , his tongue , his lips . 
 he holds tight to my hips , slowing his moves , but still kissing me until i ca n't take it anymore , and he pulls away . 
 my shoulders heave and i pant hard , as if i 've just finished a race , and maybe i have . 
 soon , i open my eyes , but i still feel woozy , as if i 'm barely grasping at reality , as if i 'm still living on the edge of a dream . 
 but he 's here , looking at me , with the same wildness in his eyes that i felt moments before . 
 `` did you picture that before i did it to you ? '' 
 i press my teeth into my lips once then nod , still dazed on the aftereffects . 
 `` you imagined me tasting you ? 
 you fantasized about me eating you ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` was it how you imagined it ? 
 coming for me ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no ? '' 
 `` it was so much better . '' 
 he inhales sharply , and the expression on his face says he wishes he could take me now , yank me off the piano , and slam me down hard on his cock , and f ** k me right here , like this . 
 `` do you want to f ** k me ? '' 
 i say in a voice that 's comprised solely of lust . 
 `` yes . 
 but i 'm not going to . '' 
 chapter 16 jill i wash my hands then dry them , checking out my reflection one last time . 
 my cheeks are still rosy , and i have that just-been-fucked look still . 
 i do n't think that 's going to disappear any time soon , and i 'm okay with that . 
 i toss the paper towel in the trash can , smooth my hands over my red sweater and return to the backstage hallway , then to the stage . 
 i still feel like i 'm floating , but there 's another feeling surrounding me and it 's harder to get a handle on . 
 nervousness maybe ? 
 chased with a touch of hope ? 
 i 'm honestly not sure , and maybe that 's because i do n't know what 's going on . 
 i barely even understand who i become around him , how i can spin out of my carefully constructed world of happy-go-lucky , everything-is-fine and transform into this ravenous woman grasping at pleasure as if i need it for my very survival . 
 as if the release i feel with davis has somehow become as necessary as breath and air . 
 i move the curtains aside and walk to the piano , trying to compose myself . 
 but into what i do n't know . 
 the actress here for rehearsal ? 
 the woman unfazed by her boss ? 
 or the person who does n't have a handle on herself ? 
 he 's on the bench , straddling it rather than sitting at it , and he 's swiping his index finger across his phone . 
 `` texting someone ? '' 
 something annoys me about the fact that he 's doing something so ordinary-texting-while i do n't have a clue how to act . 
 i wish i could abort the snottiness in my voice , but it 's too late . 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm reading the news . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 now i feel foolish , but also relieved . 
 i sit down next to him . 
 `` anything interesting going on in the world ? '' 
 `` it 's snowing , and the government still has a deficit , '' he says with that wry smile . 
 i want to reach out and touch his face , trace the outline of his lips . 
 so i do , and he leans into me , like a cat who likes being pet . 
 then i stop because i want to know more about him . 
 i want to understand him . 
 `` are you a news junkie or a weather junkie ? '' 
 `` both . 
 but in this case , news . 
 i read the new york times religiously . '' 
 `` what else ? 
 do you read books ? '' 
 `` i have nothing against books . 
 but i would have to say nearly all my reading is the newspaper . 
 well , the paper online . '' 
 `` cover to cover ? '' 
 he nods , and it seems fitting that he 's a news hound . 
 it works for him . 
 it suits him . 
 he seems like a man who wants to understand the world , and so that 's what he does . 
 but i also think there 's more to it . 
 `` do you think you lean towards news so much because you spend your day with make believe ? '' 
 his lips quirk up as if he 's intrigued by the question , considering it . 
 `` i had n't thought of it that way . 
 but yeah , maybe that 's part of it . 
 i spend all my hours constructing the most believable artifice i can , so when i 'm not playing pretend , i want to know what 's real . '' 
 real . 
 there it is again , and the word makes me wince because i 'm struggling so much with holding onto real and make believe , and they seem to be seeping into each other . 
 he fingers a strand of my hair absently and it 's such a sweet gesture , because that 's all it is . 
 it 's not a prelude , it 's not the start of something more . 
 it is what it is . 
 `` what about you , jill ? 
 what do you read ? '' 
 i take a long but quiet inhale and i stare off at the faraway balcony of the theater . 
 the balcony that will be full of people soon . 
 i flash back to sunday with patrick , to how i was paralyzed with some strange fear about answering truthfully . 
 maybe that 's why i 've been asking davis these questions . 
 maybe i 've been asking so he could ask me back . 
 so i can test myself . 
 see if i can do it . 
 if i can speak a simple truth . 
 i look at him , and it does n't hurt , i do n't feel like all my words are stuck . 
 it 's easy , remarkably easy to answer . 
 `` romance , '' i say , and it 's as if a piece of my regret floats away when i voice a truth . 
 it feels good , so i keep going . 
 `` racy romance , to be precise . '' 
 a grin tugs at his lips . 
 `` of course you read racy romance , '' he says in a flirty , sexy voice . 
 no judgement . 
 no teasing . 
 just knowing . 
 `` why do you say of course ? '' 
 `` because you could n't play this part if you were n't a romantic . 
 because i see it in you . 
 because i see all this passion , all this pain , all this hope . 
 all this sexiness . '' 
 i can feel it again . 
 the same thing i felt when i sang in our first private rehearsal . 
 as if a fragment of my frozen heart is breaking away , as if the ice i 've encased myself in is calving off , freeing up a tiny part of me that wants to be known . 
 and it feels good , so more words spill out , like a confessional . 
 `` i read dirty stuff . 
 and racy stuff . 
 and erotic romance . 
 and i love books with heroes who talk dirty , '' i say as i move closer , and run my fingers along the smooth buttons on his shirt . 
 `` i had a feeling you did , '' he says , and he ca n't stop grinning . 
 `` it does n't bother you ? '' 
 `` why would it bother me ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i say with a shrug . 
 `` do you masturbate when you read your erotic novels ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i would love to watch you sometime . '' 
 my eyes widen with shock . 
 `` you would ? '' 
 `` of course , '' he says , as if it 's the most normal thing in the world , when it never occurred to me he would . 
 or anyone would want to . 
 `` i want to know how you touch yourself . '' 
 my skin is burning again , and if we keep talking like this , i 'll be doing a striptease for him in the middle of the stage . 
 but i ca n't seem to resist . 
 i reach for him , trailing my hand through his hair . 
 i love the way his hair is so soft under my fingers . 
 he sighs deeply , and leans close to me , resting his forehead against mine . 
 `` jill , '' he says in a low voice . 
 `` davis , '' i say , and that 's all , because there 's nothing more to be said . 
 then we 're silent like that , quiet for a few moments , and there 's something very comforting about being with him , as the snow falls outside , and we 're inside . 
 but soon i break the silence . 
 `` can i ask you a question ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` did i taste like sin and heaven ? '' 
 he nods , then presses his lips lightly to my forehead . 
 `` you are my sin . '' 
 he brushes them gently against my earlobe . 
 `` and my heaven . '' 
 then the barest of kisses on my lips . 
 `` and everything in between . '' 
 then he pulls back , and his expression has changed from the softness of the moment to a steely one . 
 `` and i hate that you 're in love with patrick . 
 i hate it . 
 because it makes me crazy to want you this much and to know how you feel for him . 
 it makes me utterly insane . '' 
 i open my mouth to say something , to deny it , to ask how he knew it was patrick . 
 but i stop , because he 's right . 
 and he 's waiting for me to offer a denial , but when no words come , he stands up and turns away from me , his voice suddenly cool as he reminds me why i 'm here . 
 `` we need to get back to work . '' 
 `` do you want to do that scene again ? '' 
 i ask tentatively , the words coming out all choppy . 
 he shakes his head , and waves a hand dismissively . 
 `` the blocking is fine . 
 we 'll work on your solos . '' 
 so we spend the next two hours working and nothing more . 
 when we 're done , he holds open the door for the car , but does n't join me . 
 and of course , that 's because he does n't want anything more from this actress . 
 * * * reeve grunts as he bench presses a heavy set of barbells . 
 he 's working out even more as he preps for his leading role in escorted lives . 
 we 're at his gym in the east village early the next morning after a run . 
 i do bicep curls with ten-pound weights , to the sounds of dumbbells hitting the floor and machines slamming down . 
 `` how did you know it was real ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he gives me a curious look . 
 `` with sutton , '' i say , as if he should be able to follow the random thoughts that have percolated in my head since my last private rehearsal with davis . 
 `` ah , '' he says with a twinkle in his eye . 
 `` with the complicated , vexing , inscrutable ms. brenner . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 how did you know that you were feeling something for real ? '' 
 i switch to triceps . 
 no flabby chicken arms for me . 
 `` or that she was ? '' 
 he pushes the barbell up for one more rep then places it in the rack . 
 he sits up on the bench , elbows on his knees . 
 `` it was n't easy , let me tell you . 
 she was a tough one . 
 hard to read . 
 lots of layers of self-protection there . 
 took a while before i could really figure out if it was real . '' 
 `` and even then she tried to deny it , '' i say , remembering when reeve came to my apartment a few days before my crash the moon audition , completely flummoxed over what to do next with her . 
 before he laid it all on the line for her . 
 `` that 's my woman . 
 she could put up walls like no one i 've ever seen . '' 
 `` hmm , '' i say , as i push my arm back for another curl . 
 if reeve only knew about my walls . 
 my secrets . 
 `` is this about patrick ? '' 
 he asks , tilting his head to the side and pushing a hand through his brown hair . 
 `` yeah , of course , '' i say quickly . 
 too quickly . 
 because my mind is n't on patrick at all . 
 but it should be . 
 `` he 's doing that whole let 's - be-friends-first thing ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 nearby , a burly man with a worn blue t-shirt that shows off arms as big as tires brings a set of weights to the ground . 
 they clang loudly . 
 `` are you going to go out with him again on another of these , '' he stops to sketch air quotes , `` friends dates ? '' 
 `` i hope so , '' i say . 
 then once more , as if the repetition will make it true . 
 `` i hope so . '' 
 because i do hope for patrick . 
 i hope that i can connect with him the way i 've always wanted to . 
 that it can deepen now that he 's a real thing in my life . 
 it has to . 
 really , it has to . 
 `` what do friends do next ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i ca n't ask him to dinner . 
 that would feel like a date . 
 and we 've already done coffee . '' 
 he wiggles his eyebrows as he stands up from the bench . 
 `` i know what you can do ! '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i ask eagerly , my eyes lighting up . 
 `` bowling . 
 there 's that bowling alley in the port authority . 
 it 's awesome . 
 it 's two blocks from the st. james so you can go there some evening after rehearsal . '' 
 i nod and smile , liking the idea . 
 bowling with patrick . 
 it sounds fun . 
 easy , low-key , we 'll have a few laughs , we 'll do something friendly . 
 it 'll be the perfect second non-date . 
 and it 'll help me get my mind off all the things that are n't real . 
 all the things that ca n't possibly be real in any way , shape or form . 
 all the things that i do n't know how to fit into my life . 
 `` i 'm brilliant , '' reeve says , moving to a sit-up bench . 
 `` just admit it . '' 
 `` you 're the most brilliant one of all , '' i say as reeve curls up in a crunch . 
 my phone buzzes . 
 i reach into the pocket of my workout shorts , and for the briefest of seconds , i find myself hoping it 's a text about another private rehearsal . 
 but it 's from kat , and it 's a picture of a wedding gown she wants to try on this weekend . 
 i smile and write back . 
 ca n't wait . 
 she 's going to look beautiful when she walks down the aisle to marry the only man she 's ever loved . 
 * * * patrick holds the green bowling ball in front of his chest , pausing on the polished wood floor . 
 he bends , his arm swinging gracefully behind him , then in front of him as he shoots the ball down the lane . 
 lifehouse plays loudly in the port authority bowling alley , a strange choice . 
 i 'd expected a bouncy katy perry tune , or even some hair metal from the 80s like poison . 
 but the guy who runs this place loves his alt pop music , so we 're treated to one of my favorite songs - `` broken . '' 
 i 'm falling apart , i 'm barely breathing mingles with the sound of arcade games and gutter balls , but i push away the sadness in the words , and focus instead on the beat , on the way the band sings of possibilities , of healing , of becoming whole again . 
 and on patrick , as he watches the ball roll in a perfect straight line . 
 ten pins spill with a loud crash , rattling under the lane . 
 patrick raises his arms high in the air , spins around and smiles widely . 
 `` strike ! '' 
 i shake my head , but i ca n't mask how impressed i am . 
 there 's nothing he ca n't do well . 
 not only has he landed strikes and spares effortlessly in most frames , he 's a perfect gentleman . 
 no grandstanding in the bowling alley for him . 
 just a few happy pumps of the fist with each frame . 
 `` you are a rock star , '' i say as i high five him . 
 he 's a golden boy . 
 he 's good at everything . 
 and he 's literally the nicest guy i 've ever met . 
 he 's like sunshine , and i do n't think anything could ever get him down . 
 he waves off my compliment , as if it 's nothing . 
 `` nah . 
 i 'm just having fun . '' 
 i take my final turn , knocking down five pins . 
 i return to the scorekeeping table , and i know i 've been defeated , but i do n't care because it 's been fun . 
 how could it not be fun ? 
 patrick 's not hot and cold . 
 patrick does n't make my brain hurt . 
 patrick does n't confuse me with all his mixed messages . 
 it 's simple with him , and maybe that 's how this will be as we move forward after crash the moon-a steady , sturdy sort of thing . 
 no drama . 
 no angst . 
 no worrying . 
 we train our eyes on the tv screens , waiting for our final scores . 
 188 flashes across the black and white monitor under his name . 
 mine is much lower . 
 `` you finished with a 102 , '' he says brightly , placing a hand on my back . 
 `` that 's a great score . '' 
 `` it was a good game . '' 
 `` we should get back now or shannon and milo will have our heads , '' he says , and i flinch at the mention of our director 's name . 
 they 're working with other chorus members , so we had two hours free at lunch and used that time to slip out to the nearby lanes . 
 we leave the port authority and head the few blocks back to the theater . 
 `` you know what would be cool ? '' 
 patrick muses as we turn into the alley that runs alongside the st. james . 
 `` if we did a movie together someday . 
 i 've got a few things i 'm looking into , and it 'd be fun to work on a film with you . '' 
 `` um , yeah ! '' 
 `` but i also think we need to find mini golf somewhere in manhattan , '' patrick says as we reach the stage door . 
 `` randall 's island , '' i tell him , as he holds open the door for me . 
 `` there 's mini golf on randall 's island . '' 
 `` then , jill , that 's exactly what we 're going to do the next time we get together , '' he declares as he bounds up the steps and into the hallway . 
 i 'm right behind him as we round the corner , but i freeze when i see davis at the end of the hall , head down and enrapt in a conversation with shannon who 's holding her clipboard and taking notes . 
 he does n't even see me , but an icy dread spreads through my bones , as if i 've been caught . 
 i 'm ready to turn around , run , hide . 
 then i remind myself i did nothing wrong . 
 there 's no reason i ca n't hang out with my cast mate . 
 no reason at all . 
 so i tell myself to pick up my boots and put one foot in front of the other and walk on . 
 i keep pace next to patrick , who 's musing about whether the mini golf range at randall 's island has one of those crazy , macabre clowns for the final hole , and i force a smile on my face , and then i even manage a laugh , because i 'm sure i 'll feel as lighthearted as i possibly can while whacking a small white ball into a clown 's face . 
 the sound of patrick 's voice carries in these cramped hallways , and it 's enough for davis to look away from shannon . 
 he appraises the scene instantly-patrick and i coming from outside , patrick and i gone for two hours , patrick and i chatting . 
 his blue eyes turn dark and steely , and i can almost feel the anger radiating from him as we pass by . 
 he 's like a high tension line , and his jaw is set hard , his eyes narrowed . 
 `` hey milo , '' patrick says amiably , giving him a quick salute . 
 `` i 'm all ready to start on whatever you 've got for me this afternoon . '' 
 `` great , '' davis says through gritted teeth . 
 patrick points with his thumb to the stage . 
 i tell patrick i 'll see him out there , and then duck into the bathroom . 
 i lean against the wall , take a deep and shaky breath . 
 i press my thumb and forefinger against the bridge of my nose , wishing i could erase that encounter . 
 wishing i knew what i wanted to do differently . 
 but i ca n't go out and face davis right now , so i lean forward , my hands on my thighs , as if i 'm winded and need air . 
 then i stand up straight , open the door , and head back into the hall . 
 it 's empty-everyone must be gathered on the stage now . 
 i hold my head up high , my spine straight , and remind myself that everything is fine . 
 there 's a hand on my waist . 
 gripping me . 
 i spin around , and davis is staring hard at me . 
 he pulls me into a dressing room and shuts the door behind me . 
 it 's empty , but the exposed bulbs are bright and glaring on one of the mirrors . 
 makeup and brushes are littered across the counter . 
 he backs me up against the closed door , caging me in , his arms on either side of me as he presses his hands against the door . 
 my pulse speeds up . 
 `` you were out with him were n't you ? '' 
 i narrow my eyes . 
 `` yes , '' i say indignantly . 
 `` what difference does it make to you ? '' 
 `` were you on a date ? '' 
 `` why should i tell you ? '' 
 `` did he take you out ? 
 did he romance you ? 
 did he kiss you ? '' 
 he asks , and his face is tortured as he asks the last question . 
 he breathes out hard , almost feral . 
 i do n't answer him . 
 he does n't deserve an answer . 
 but he wants one badly . 
 his eyes are blazing at me , and his hands are shaking . 
 he 's so mad he 's shaking . 
 his voice is low and measured as he bites out the next words . 
 `` did . 
 he . 
 kiss . 
 you ? '' 
 anger rises up in me like a thick plume . 
 i do n't like being talked to this way . 
 `` why should i tell you ? 
 you do n't take me out . 
 you do n't call me . 
 you do n't even text me , '' i say as if that proves all my points . 
 he scoffs . 
 `` i should send you texts with smiley faces ? 
 that would change things ? '' 
 `` no , '' i spit back . 
 `` but you 're acting like you own me . 
 and you do n't . 
 you do n't own me just because you want to f ** k me . '' 
 he heaves a rough sigh and looks away , his lips pressed tight together as if he 's trying to collect himself . 
 he looks back at me , almost forcing himself to calm down . 
 `` i ca n't stand the thought of him kissing you . 
 i ca n't stand the thought of his hands on you . 
 i ca n't stand the thought of anyone 's hands on you . '' 
 he brings a hand to my shoulder blade , traces my collarbone with his knuckles . 
 `` except mine , '' he says in a rough voice , as he trails his fingers down to my waist then wraps them around my hip . 
 he bends his head to my ear , and whispers harshly . 
 `` i can still taste you . '' 
 his words make me lightheaded , and my knees nearly buckle . 
 i feel like my world has been twisted inside out , and i 've lost all sense of direction . 
 i ca n't find my way through anymore . 
 `` why are you doing this to me ? '' 
 i ask him in a strained voice . 
 `` what am i doing to you , jill ? 
 tell me . 
 tell me what i 'm doing to you . '' 
 `` acting like this . '' 
 `` how am i acting ? '' 
 his question is half-curious , half-demanding . 
 as if he ca n't go on until he knows the answer . 
 he 's still inches away from me . 
 his eyes are so dark they 're nearly black now , but they do n't let me go . 
 wo n't let me go . 
 and he 's so near to me that i can smell his anger , his heat . 
 i can smell how much he wants me too . 
 his shirt collar is open , unbuttoned once , exposing a patch of skin below his throat . 
 i could press my lips to him , taste him , run the tip of my tongue over him . 
 see how he reacts to me . 
 `` like a jealous lover , '' i answer , and i do n't bother to mask my anger either . 
 he pushes a hand through his hair then lets go , his fingers now touching my face . 
 gently . 
 tracing the outline of my cheek . 
 then my jaw . 
 then across my lips . 
 i wish it did n't feel so good . 
 `` maybe i am , '' he whispers . 
 `` maybe that 's how i feel about you . '' 
 i clench my teeth , place a hand on his chest , ready to push him away . 
 `` but do n't you get it ? 
 you do n't have the right to be . 
 all we do is find each other in the dark . 
 in hallways . 
 in dressing rooms . 
 in stairwells . 
 you 're not allowed to be jealous about what i do . '' 
 then i pause for effect and add bitterly , `` you do n't even date actresses . 
 you 've told me that . 
 you said that to me . 
 hell , even shelby knows that . '' 
 i hold out my hands wide as if to say so there . 
 he grabs my hands , laces his fingers through mine , and brings our clasped hands to his chest . 
 i look down at our linked fingers , surprised to see him make such an intimate gesture in such an angry moment . 
 this is n't what i thought would come next . 
 then he squeezes my fingers , as if he 's pleading for me to understand him . 
 `` do you want to know the reason why ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i say , letting go of all my anger . 
 because beneath my frustration , the simple truth is i desperately want him to tell me . 
 i think i know the answer . 
 but i want to hear it from him , not from gossip . 
 i want to know him . 
 i want him to trust me . 
 i want him to know i can be that person . 
 `` because i was wrecked the last time i did , '' he says , and his face softens as he admits that , and i can tell how hard it is for him to say . 
 instinct takes over , and i tighten my hold on his hands , letting him know i 'm listening . 
 `` and i do n't want to feel like a f ** king mess again . 
 not if i can help it . 
 not if i can stop it . 
 but i ca n't get you out of my mind , jill , and i have n't been able to for a long , long time . 
 and i do n't want anyone else touching you but i do n't want anyone else going out with you either , whether it 's to bowling or even to mini golf , '' he says with a borderline sneer , as if mini golf is the worst idea in the world . 
 `` hey , what 's wrong with mini golf ? '' 
 i tease , breaking the intensity of the moment . 
 `` nothing . 
 if you go with me , '' he says , and the anger is gone now . 
 `` and i do n't want you having dinner with anyone else either . 
 so you 're going to make me break all my rules of self-preservation right now . '' 
 then his expression changes and he looks so vulnerable for the first time . 
 `` have dinner with me , please . '' 
 his voice rises the slightest bit as he lets down his guard for me . 
 for me . 
 it guts me , his honesty . 
 the way he 's taking a chance . 
 how it changes everything if i go out with him . 
 `` so you want to date an actress after all ? '' 
 i say with a curve in my lips so he knows where i 'm going . 
 i already know my answer , but i ca n't resist flirting with him . 
 `` yes . 
 you , '' he says , and now the nerves have vacated , and he 's back to all confidence and control . 
 `` i want to send a car for you , and i want you to wear a dress , and i want you to know i 'll be imagining how you look sliding into the car and being driven over . 
 and i want you to be thinking about me on the way , and counting down the seconds til you walk into the restaurant . 
 because i 'll be there already . 
 i 'll be at the bar , waiting to watch you walk in . 
 and i 'll know you 're there because all the heads will turn around to look at you . 
 then i 'll do the same . 
 and i 'll be the one you 're coming to be with . 
 you 'll walk over to me , and they 'll all want to know what that guy has because the most beautiful , breathtaking woman is walking over to him . 
 to be with him , '' he stops for a beat , and i let the words wash over me , the way he 's making me melt for him as he lays his heart on the line . 
 `` say yes , jill . 
 say yes to me . '' 
 i have goose bumps over every inch of my skin . 
 the soft little hairs on my arms stand on end , and i am breathless . 
 i ca n't say anything to him but yes . 
 i want the same thing he wants . 
 more . 
 `` you know my answer , davis , '' i say . 
 `` say yes , '' he implores me one more time . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he relaxes into me , as if all the tension is now seeping out of his body with my one-word answer . 
 `` but now i want you to say yes to something , '' i say , and i finger the collar of his crisp , white shirt . 
 he raises an eyebrow , inviting me to say more . 
 `` i want to unbutton your shirt . 
 i want to feel your chest against my hands . '' 
 `` we have to get back out there though , '' he says , but i 'm already making quick work of the first button . 
 he breathes out , and i can tell that he 's giving in to me , that he ca n't not give in to me right now . 
 `` but shannon can handle it , '' he says , answering for himself . 
 then the words trail off like vapor as i undo each button , spreading apart the fabric , and revealing his chest to me for the first time . 
 i 've felt him through his shirt plenty of times . 
 i 've outlined his muscles with my hands . 
 but there 's always been a barrier . 
 now there 's none as i reach his waist , and he helps me by untucking his shirt from the waistband of his dark gray pants . 
 there . 
 now he 's mine to look at , and he 's so gorgeous it makes my heart hurt . 
 then it stops hurting as a warm flush spreads through me because i 'm going to that place again . 
 to that place i go only with him , where the heat between us takes over , and cocoons us . 
 he closes his eyes , letting himself savor my touch as i run my index finger down the line of his chest , through the slightest bit of hair , down to his flat abs , stopping at that delicious v even though i do n't want to stop . 
 his skin is smooth , and he 's so toned , and he clearly takes care of his body because he 's carved and cut and i want to bend down and trail my tongue across his flat belly and all the way up his chest . 
 i want to kiss him everywhere . 
 i want to touch him everywhere . 
 i want to know his body . 
 he lets out a low growl as i explore his chest , then my hands have a mind of their own and i push his shirt down to his elbows , feeling his strong , toned arms . 
 every inch of him i 've seen is beautiful , and i want so deeply to know what all of him looks like . 
 but i respect his boundaries . 
 i understand that this is all he 'll allow , so i pull his shirt back up , then button my way down . 
 he tucks it into his pants and i adjust the collar , smoothing it out . 
 then i cup his cheeks in my hands . 
 he inhales sharply , but does n't close his eyes , does n't look away . 
 `` davis , '' i say softly . 
 `` you have to know you 're beautiful too . '' 
 `` thank you , '' he says , leaning into my palm on his face . 
 `` i want you to kiss me now . 
 i want you to kiss me slowly . 
 kiss me like i 'm the woman you 're breaking all your rules for . '' 
 i tilt my chin and bring my lips to his , and he kisses me , a soft , tender kiss that i never want to end . 
 but soon it does . 
 only , instead of leaving the dressing room , he leans over to lock the door . 
 i raise an eyebrow . 
 `` this will only take a few minutes , '' he says with a glint in his eye . 
 `` besides , i need to make up to you properly . '' 
 `` you do ? '' 
 `` i need to show you how contrite i am for behaving like a jealous ass , '' he says , then places his hand on my shoulders and gently turns me around so i 'm facing the door . 
 he runs his hand down my back , sending shivers through my whole body , as a delicious pull begins in my belly . 
 he pushes up my sweater , unhooks my bra , and loops his hands around to cup my br ** sts . 
 i gasp and close my eyes as he palms my br ** sts , teasing my ni ** les with his fingers until they harden into peaks . 
 `` is this how you say you 're sorry ? '' 
 i say , as my breathing grows shallow . 
 `` no . '' 
 he brings his mouth to my upper back , and trails hot kisses down my spine . 
 i whimper as he licks his way down my back , then as his quick hands undo my jeans . 
 he pushes them down to my knees , and does the same with my pink panties . 
 i move with him , letting him touch me , kiss me , taste my body like i 'm his canvas and he 's painting me with his tongue . 
 i press my palms into the door and he hooks his strong fingers around my h * ps and tugs me so i bend my back , nearly flattening it . 
 my behind is in the air . 
 i want to turn around and watch , but i also love this feeling of letting go , of surrendering to his touch as he kneels and presses his thumbs against my cheeks , spreading me open . 
 he moves closer , blowing warm breath between my legs , making me ache for his tongue . 
 `` this is how i say i 'm sorry . '' 
 i gasp as he kisses my throbbing center , tasting how wet i am for him , enjoying how my body responds instantly to his touch . 
 my breathing quickens as he flicks his tongue against my clit , swirling and licking and sucking me , until soon i 'm panting and moaning as quietly as i possibly can so no one can hear , though i am desperate , absolutely desperate , for the release he 's about to bring me . 
 he grips me firmly with his strong hands on my hips , and strokes me with his tongue , relentlessly working my cl * t until i shatter , and even then he pulls me closer , his lips needing me , his tongue still savoring me , drinking me in as if he ca n't get enough of me as i come again in his mouth . 
 i do n't move for a few minutes as the sensations wash over me , the aftereffects of two powerful orgasms lingering in my body . 
 soon , he pulls up my pink lacy underwear , then my jeans , and i turn around . 
 i 'm sure i 'm a light-headed , woozy mess as i snap my bra and adjust my sweater . 
 `` i suppose you 're forgiven , '' i say , and he grins wickedly . 
 `` good . 
 and i suppose i 'd better head out first seeing as you look like you 've just come hard . '' 
 then he pauses , raking his eyes over every inch of me . 
 `` and twice . '' 
 he brushes his lips against my forehead and leaves . 
 five minutes later after a quick bathroom visit , i join the cast and crew on stage . 
 i ca n't help but wonder if anyone else is looking at us and knowing that our hands have been on each other , that our lips have meshed together , that we 've done so much more . 
 or if we 're both fantastic at make believe , because even as i practice the numbers on the call sheet , i 'm thinking of my closet and the dresses i have , and the one i want to wear to dinner with my director , because i know he 'll find a way to have his hands underneath my clothes . 
 and that 's more than fine with me . 
 chapter 17 jill there is no question in my mind that this is the dress . 
 with its sleeveless scoop neck , plunging back v-line , and a hand-beaded bodice with intricate crystals woven throughout , it is sheer perfection . 
 `` oh , kat , '' i say , and tears well up in my eyes . 
 `` this is the one . 
 this is the dress you 're going to get married in . '' 
 she smooths her hands over the organza material that extends into a cathedral train behind her . 
 a short , dark-haired woman who owns this bridal shop in the west village watches patiently from her post a few feet away . 
 kat appraises herself in the three-way mirror , the soft light of the shop making her look even more stunning . 
 `` you think so ? '' 
 `` you know that 's a rhetorical question , '' i say as i stand up from the cushiony white chair i 've been parked in as she 's tried on a strapless lace dress , a satin sheath and many more . 
 soft , indistinct classical music plays through an unseen sound system . 
 high-class bridal magazines are spread elegantly on top of an oval glass coffee table next to the chair . 
 a vase of jasmine flowers fills the boutique with a sweet floral scent . 
 all these touches are enough to make anyone in here forget that beyond the shop doors lies grimy , noisy , crowded manhattan . 
 `` look at yourself . 
 it 's perfect and you know it . 
 it 's you . '' 
 i stand behind her , so she can see me in the mirror now , smiling at her . 
 she glances at her reflection one more time , considering the dress from every angle . 
 i can practically see the cogs whirring in her head , inching closer to the moment when she reaches 100 percent certainty . 
 her brow is furrowed then a grin starts to form , slowly at first , until it quickly becomes a full-blown smile . 
 she turns around , and she 's simply glowing with happiness . 
 `` i 'll take it , '' she declares . 
 `` wonderful , '' says the shop owner . 
 `` it is perfect for you , ms. harper . '' 
 `` i 'm so glad i found your store . 
 i 'm so glad i found this dress , '' kat says , the words spilling out in a happy rush . 
 then she turns to me . 
 `` and thank you for coming with me . 
 i could n't do this without you . 
 you 're the best maid of honor and the best friend i could ever hope to have . '' 
 `` oh please . 
 i did nothing except gaze upon your beauty , '' i say playfully , but my voice breaks , and i swipe at a tear that rolls down my cheeks . 
 i 'm so happy for her . 
 `` oh , you 're so cute when you 're all emotional and teary , '' she says , and crushes me in a hug . 
 `` i 'm going to miss you when you move in with him . 
 i ca n't believe you 're only my roommate for a few more months . '' 
 `` i know . 
 but i 'll still see you . 
 we 'll still hang out . '' 
 `` always . 
 we 'll always hang out . '' 
 we pull apart , and the shop owner helps kat take off the dress , and they make arrangements for it as i wander through the tiny store , with its cream walls and gold framed vintage pictures of garden weddings and sunset vows . 
 when they 're done , the shop owner asks kat about her bridesmaids ' dresses . 
 `` something classy . 
 something she could wear again , '' kat says , nodding to me . 
 `` i need a dress for tonight is what i need , '' i say under my breath . 
 kat turns to me , gives me a curious look . 
 i wave my hand as if to wipe away the comment i should have kept to myself . 
 `` i have a black and white dress in mind , '' the shop owner says . 
 `` sleeveless and above the knee . 
 straight lines . 
 very sophisticated . 
 i 'll have it in the store next week if you 'd like your maid of honor to try it on when you come back for a fitting ? '' 
 `` that sounds fantastic , '' kat says , then we exit the store . 
 `` are you holding out on me ? 
 you have a saturday night date with patrick and this is the first i 'm hearing about it ? '' 
 my stomach twists , and i feel like i ca n't get air for a moment . 
 as if my lungs are crushing me from the inside out . 
 i flash back to all the lies i 've told over the years . 
 to all the fables i 've carefully constructed to seem as if i really am this person . 
 this what-you-see-is-what-you-get person . 
 but i 'm too many people . 
 i 'm eponine . 
 i 'm ava . 
 i 'm the woman who claims her brother 's favorite books for her own . 
 i 'm the running coach . 
 i 'm the jokey , happy friend . 
 i 'm the goofball who steals her roommate 's phone . 
 i am the person who ca n't say out loud why she loves patrick so much , how he helped her , how the very possibility of him alone got her through all the years when she was chased by what ifs . 
 i am the girl who stopped feeling things for real after aaron . 
 and i am tired of that girl . 
 i 'm ready to start saying goodbye to her . 
 i take another small step and speak a simple truth to my best friend . 
 `` actually , i 'm going out with davis milo tonight . '' 
 her eyes widen with shock , and her purse slides down her shoulder , the bag dangling dangerously close to the cobblestone sidewalk . 
 she yanks it back up . 
 `` oh . 
 my . 
 god . '' 
 `` why do you say it like that ? '' 
 `` you 're going out with your director ? '' 
 she asks , as if it 's not computing . 
 this is what i get for telling the truth ? 
 she 's berating me ? 
 `` i was just joking , '' i say , regressing in an instant . 
 because it 's so much easier than dealing . 
 `` you were not , '' she says , waggling a finger at me , but her tone shifts from shock to eagerness , and she 's not going to let me slip out of this unscathed from honesty . 
 `` is there something going on between you two ? 
 do you like him ? '' 
 i shrug and hold my hands out as if to say i do n't know . 
 because i do n't know what 's between us . 
 i barely understand what 's happening . 
 `` do you think it 's terrible that he 's my director ? '' 
 `` hello ? 
 pot . 
 kettle . 
 i fell for my mentor last semester and nearly got kicked out of school . 
 no , i do n't think it 's terrible at all . 
 i think it sounds like it could be incredibly hot , and i want to know everything . 
 spill , '' she says authoritatively . 
 i do n't know that i can tell her everything . 
 i 'm still reeling from having told her anything at all . 
 but i tell her we 've kissed more than once , and i tell her that i want to find a new dress for tonight . 
 a new dress for a new date with a new man . 
 `` what kind of dress ? '' 
 `` something that 's unbearably sexy but that leaves a lot to the imagination . '' 
 `` i know just the shop . '' 
 she grabs my hand and takes me to one of her favorite boutiques and then finds a dress that 's equally perfect-perfect for me . 
 davis a rush of cold air invades the restaurant . 
 the guy in the untucked shirt perched on the stool next to me whips his head around , but i doubt it 's because of the chill . 
 i grin privately , take a drink of my scotch , then place the sturdy glass on the smooth chrome bar at vertigo , a new fish restaurant in soho that michele raved about . 
 anticipation winds through me , as a picture of jill forms in my mind . 
 i lick my lips then turn around . 
 she 's handing the hostess her coat as she scans the restaurant . 
 then she finds me , and her eyes lock on mine . 
 my blood heats as i take her in . 
 she 's more stunning than i imagined , and i swear she 's more beautiful every single day . 
 she 's wearing a black knit dress that hugs her body and hits right above the knees , exposing several inches of her bare legs that are then covered up in the sexiest black boots i 've ever seen . 
 i toss a twenty on the bar without turning around and walk up to her . 
 placing a hand on her lower back , i plant a chaste kiss on her cheek . 
 `` you 're playing dirty dressed like that . 
 but i 'm behaving myself and it 's killing me , '' i say . 
 `` i 'm so impressed with your self-control , '' she teases . 
 `` you should be . 
 it 's excellent , in case you have n't noticed . '' 
 `` oh , i 've noticed . '' 
 i turn to the hostess . 
 `` is our table ready ? '' 
 `` yes , mr. milo . 
 right this way . '' 
 she leads us through the restaurant with its white tiled floors , sleek silver tables and gray leather booths . 
 `` the one you reserved , '' she says , and lays the menus on the table in the back . 
 i gesture for jill to slide in first to the curved booth . 
 `` thank you very much , '' i say to the hostess , who gives a quick nod , then leaves . 
 i sit down as jill smooths out her skirt , then fingers the crisp white tablecloth . 
 `` nice tablecloth , '' she says in a knowing voice . 
 `` is n't it , though ? '' 
 then she looks me over , her eyes flicking from my green-and-white checked shirt to my dark pants . 
 she leans closer , her soft breath on my neck , her pineapple scent taunting me as her long hair brushes against my shoulder . 
 `` you look very handsome , '' she says in a soft voice , almost as if she 's nervous to be giving compliments , as if she 's not used to it . 
 `` you 're beautiful , '' i tell her . 
 `` i hope you 're not tired of hearing it from me . '' 
 she shakes her head in answer , a small smile tugging at her lips , and all these little gestures remind me that this really is a first date . 
 but the moment is shattered when the waiter appears . 
 `` can i start you off with something to drink ? '' 
 i turn to jill . 
 `` belvedere and soda ? '' 
 she smiles instantly . 
 `` you remember . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` and are you going to have glenlivet on the rocks ? '' 
 `` you remember too , '' i say , and i tell myself not to read anything into it , but it 's too late . 
 it already makes me want her even more . 
 all of her . 
 i turn to the waiter and give him our drinks order . 
 he leaves . 
 `` i remember everything about having drinks with you at sardi 's , '' she says in a sweet voice that damn near melts me . 
 `` you do ? '' 
 she nods , and i wait a beat , thinking she 'll tell me next that it was because i cast her , because i gave her her first big break . 
 but instead , she says , `` because i was with you . '' 
 then her hand is on my shirt , and she traces lazy circles around one of the buttons , whispering in my ear , `` i want to kiss you , but i 'm afraid to do it in public . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because i worry if someone might see us . '' 
 `` and so what if someone does ? '' 
 `` davis , '' she says in a chiding voice . 
 `` what ? 
 i do n't know why it 's a big thing . '' 
 `` maybe not to you . 
 but to me it would be , '' she says and there 's the slightest note of hurt . 
 `` why ? '' 
 she pulls back to give me a curious look . 
 `` really ? 
 you ca n't figure it out ? '' 
 `` no . 
 maybe you could just say it , '' i say , a bit irritated . 
 `` i do n't want anyone to think i got the part in the show because i 'm sleeping with you . '' 
 it dawns on me that she 'd want to protect her reputation as a rising star . 
 i get it . 
 i do . 
 still , it 's a reminder that actresses put their careers first . 
 i do n't know why i 'm doing this . 
 i do n't know why i 'm chasing a woman who has erected so many barriers for me-from her job to her love of another man . 
 but i 'm doing it because she 's worth it . 
 everything about her , from her talent to her beauty to her gorgeous heart , is worth all the obstacles . 
 she makes me want to clear every single one . 
 `` you 've already made it , '' she continues . 
 `` you have three tonys , an oscar , you have producers probably falling at your feet to have you direct . 
 i 'm just starting out , and i want to have a long career in this business . '' 
 `` i guess i do n't worry that much about what people think about my private life . 
 and i do n't think you should either , '' i say , and then , because i ca n't resist pointing out the flaw in her logic , i add , `` but i 'm not sleeping with you . '' 
 `` not yet , '' she says , and her hands are still on my shirt . 
 i glance down at the way she 's tracing the buttons , as if she 's dying to take my shirt off . 
 `` but if you do n't want anyone to think that , then why are you touching me like this ? '' 
 `` because it 's hard for me to keep my hands off of you . '' 
 but she says it in a brusque voice as she turns away to pick up the menu . 
 this woman is hot and cold , and almost impossible to read . 
 `` let 's figure out what to order , '' i say . 
 after the waiter brings our drinks , jill orders the wild salmon with green beans and i opt for the sauteed filet of sturgeon . 
 i hold up the glass . 
 `` to the long and ridiculously successful career i know you 're going to have . '' 
 she smiles , softening once more , then clinks her glass to mine . 
 `` and to dinner . '' 
 her eyes stray , and she looks at my hand . 
 she takes a drink , puts her glass down , and reaches for my hand , tracing a soft finger across the scar . 
 her tone shifts to a more serious one , as if she 's let go of the sexy jill and now she 's a more emotional one . 
 `` you said this happened when your parents died . 
 you punched the glass window of the door . 
 can i ask what happened to them ? '' 
 i like that she 's direct . 
 that she 's asking me without hesitation in her voice because i do n't want her or anyone to feel sorry for me . 
 `` they died in a car crash one february night . 
 they were in the city . 
 they were huge theater fans-that 's where i got it from-and had actually been seeing a play the night they died . 
 it had started snowing , and my dad was driving them home to where we lived in westchester . 
 a car coming the other way lost control on an ice patch , and they died instantly on impact . 
 police came later that night . 
 told me what happened , '' i say , and as i recount that awful night , my chest tightens , remembering opening the door to be greeted not by my parents , but by the solemn-faced officer come to bear bad news . 
 it 's been more than a decade since that night , and i 've dealt , i 've managed , i 've moved past it the only way you can-to go through it . 
 still , the memory is like a knife reopening an old wound , letting it bleed out yet another time . 
 `` i did n't believe it at first . '' 
 `` you were in shock , '' she says softly , and there 's something in her voice that says she knows the feeling all too well . 
 she runs her finger across the scar . 
 `` yeah , exactly . 
 i was that way for a few days . 
 then pretty soon enough , i was angry . 
 that 's when i slammed my fist through the glass pane on the door . 
 not my brightest decision especially if i had ever wanted to have a professional boxing career , '' i say , managing a slight laugh to lighten the mood . 
 `` did you ? 
 want that ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no . 
 theater is in my blood . 
 my dad was a theater history professor . 
 mom was a choreographer , and there was never any question about what i wanted to do . '' 
 then i shift back to the story . 
 `` the worst part , though , was having to tell my younger sister . 
 it was only us then . 
 it 's only us now . '' 
 `` you took care of your sister ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` i delayed college for a year to stay home with her , get her through the rest of high school . '' 
 `` you 're a good brother , '' she says in a kind voice , and squeezes my hand tight . 
 `` thank you for saying that . 
 what about you ? 
 you said you have two brothers ? '' 
 `` my brother jay is working in europe for a company there . 
 and my oldest brother , chris , lives in san francisco and is this huge video game guy . 
 hosts his own tv and web show about video games , and just started getting serious with this gal who 's a fashion blogger . 
 he 's actually coming here soon for work , so i get to see him and to meet her . 
 i ca n't wait . '' 
 `` you 're close to him ? '' 
 she nods , but then holds up her hand and moves it back and forth like a seesaw . 
 `` close , but maybe not so close ? '' 
 i ask , raising an eyebrow as i try to understand her . 
 she chews the inside of her lip as if she 's considering the question , and it 's fascinating to see this side of her . 
 to learn more about her . 
 the way she seems to genuinely connect with people and care about them , but yet how she can be so guarded too . 
 `` no . 
 i mean ... we 're close , '' she offers , but that 's all . 
 then in a small , fragile voice , she adds . 
 `` maybe you can meet him . '' 
 all my frustration from earlier , all my fear vanishes in a second with those words . 
 i do n't know that i will ever meet her brother , but the fact that she makes the offer at all is huge for jill . 
 `` that would be nice , '' i say , and now her eyes have gone glassy as if she 's sad and is drifting off someplace . 
 but before i can ask what 's wrong , i follow her gaze back to my hand . 
 `` i 'm sorry you have this scar , '' she says as she strokes a finger across the top of my hand . 
 `` i 'm sorry for what happened to you . 
 but since you do have this scar , and you ca n't change the past , is it okay if i tell you i think it 's kinda sexy that you just told me all that ? 
 and maybe because it 's so real . 
 and the scar is this visible reminder of who you are , and what you went through , and you do n't hide from it . 
 you own it . '' 
 `` i do n't know any other way to be , '' i tell her , because it 's the truth . 
 i might traffic in illusions , but they all first come from truths . 
 from who we all are deep down , from what makes us tick . 
 that 's my stock-in-trade . 
 i take another swallow of my scotch , the ice cubes clinking against the glass . 
 a waiter passes by bearing small salads for another couple at a nearby table , but i barely notice them . 
 i put the glass down , touch her cheek , then thread my fingers through her hair . 
 `` now it 's my turn to ask you a question . '' 
 her eyes widen with worry then she takes a breath as if she 's steeling herself . 
 `` okay , '' she says tentatively . 
 `` do you remember the night in the car , the first time i made you come ? '' 
 she nearly spits out her drink . 
 `` you cut to the chase . '' 
 `` i do . 
 it seemed as if you were saying it was the first ... '' i let my voice trail off , tilting my head to the side to see if she 'll let me get to know her . 
 get to see inside her . 
 she does n't answer right away . 
 just takes a drink , fiddles with her napkin . 
 `` i want to get to know you , '' i say and run a finger along her arm . 
 `` that 's all . '' 
 she looks afraid . 
 she looks lost . 
 but she parts her lips and sighs . 
 `` i 'm not a virgin , but i have n't been with anyone in a long time , '' she says quietly , as if it 's the first time she 's said that out loud . 
 i want to reassure her that whatever her history is , it 's all fine with me . 
 `` that 's okay . 
 there 's nothing wrong with that . '' 
 `` i have n't been with anyone since my high school boyfriend . 
 i mean , i kissed a few guys in college . 
 and please do n't go all protective caveman and get upset that i 've kissed people . 
 because i 'm not the virgin mary and do n't want to be treated as such . '' 
 she holds up a hand , dropping her vulnerable self to return to her tough-as-nails one . 
 `` duly noted . '' 
 `` it 's just that ... '' `` it 's just what ? 
 there 's nothing wrong with that . 
 unless it 's for a particular reason ? '' 
 i ask , carefully , because we 're treading on sensitive terrain here for her . 
 she simply shrugs . 
 `` jill , '' i say , keeping my voice low but steady . 
 i do n't want to scare her . 
 i do n't want to let on exactly what i 'd do to someone who hurt her . 
 but i need to know . 
 `` did this guy hurt you ? '' 
 `` no , '' she says quickly , and she looks away from me . 
 she swallows then looks back at me . 
 `` the opposite . 
 i hurt him . '' 
 her eyes are wet , and she looks like she 's about to cry , and all my instincts in reading people 's emotions are turned upside down right now because she 's so hard to figure out . 
 but i also know she 'll only let me in so far at a time . 
 `` do you want to talk about it ? '' 
 `` i think that 's all i can manage for now . '' 
 `` well , whatever it was , i think you have to forgive yourself for hurting him . 
 i 'm sure even if you did break his heart , or whatever happened , that he 's managed to move on . 
 i did after madeline . 
 she 's the reason i did n't want to go out with an actress again . 
 we were very serious about each other , and then she left me in the lurch when her career took off . '' 
 `` would you think it 's terrible that i 'm glad she left you ? '' 
 then she moves in and silences any more conversation with a kiss . 
 i can taste the belvedere on her lips , and i can taste her , and it 's the most delirious sensation in the world to have her here with me . 
 she pulls apart for a moment . 
 `` i know i said i did n't want anyone to see us kissing , but i 'm just going to hope there 's no one here who knows us because i 've been wanting to do that since i walked in the door , '' she says , and it 's one of the first times she 's talked to me like this . 
 as if she 's shedding all the ways she protects herself . 
 `` i 've been wanting to do that since my roommate helped me pick out this dress this afternoon . 
 i 've been wanting to do that since i thought about you on the way over in the car , like you wanted me to . '' 
 for a moment i feel as if the ground is swaying , as if we 're being rocked by unexpected waves . 
 i thought i could protect myself . 
 i once stupidly thought i could stay away from her . 
 i even toyed with the idea that i could keep this strictly physical . 
 those days are long gone . 
 the more i get to know her , the deeper i fall . 
 she is the most complicated and sexy and beautiful and vulnerable woman i 've ever met . 
 maybe she 's hurt someone in the past , and maybe i 'm next in line , but there 's a part of me that is willing to sign up for it because it 's impossible to stay away from her . 
 especially when she gives me a very sexy grin . 
 `` do you want to know what i 'm wearing under this dress ? '' 
 `` now that you mention it , i think i 'd like to find out . '' 
 i slide my hand below the hem of the dress , feeling the soft na ** d skin of her legs under my calloused fingers . 
 then i move my hand to the underside of her thigh , taking my time as i explore , enjoying her invitation to find out what she has in store for me . 
 i watch the expression on her face change as she hitches in her breath and parts her legs the slightest bit . 
 she makes an audible gasp when i reach that delicious part on a woman 's body when her leg meets her ass . 
 then i cup her between her legs , and she 's na ** d against my hand , her body already hot and wet . 
 `` now you 'll really see why i picked this table , '' i tell her . 
 jill i wonder if he knows i 've shared more with him than with anyone else . 
 that i give him more glimpses than anyone before . 
 maybe it 's because he 's asked . 
 maybe it 's because sometimes i feel as if he can see inside me , as if he senses things about me , as if he knows that there 's more than what i let on . 
 i 've kept the past with aaron hidden-literally hidden , under lock and key-but he alone seems to be able to see through all my defenses , all the ways i 've built up this persona , and he can gently pull back the curtain , bit by bit , in a way that does n't rip me apart . 
 because he 's so patently open with me . 
 no faking , no pretending . 
 only truth . 
 which makes me wonder if that 's why my body responds like it belongs to him . 
 if there 's more to this thing between us than just his amazing hands , or the way he kisses me both rough and tender , or how he talks dirty in one moment and then romantic the next . 
 if i 'm feeling things for him that go beyond these sensations that send me to another world with him . 
 but right now , i let go of all those questions because he 's learning that i wore nothing for him , so he could do just this , so he could touch me under the table . 
 then he removes his hand from under my dress and shoots me a mischievous grin . 
 `` um , hello , '' i say playfully . 
 `` maybe you could put your hand back there . 
 not sure if you got the memo , but i kinda want you . '' 
 `` i know , '' he says , leaning back against the gray leather and reaching for his scotch . 
 `` and i want something too . 
 i want to know what you look like when you make yourself come . '' 
 a shiver runs through me . 
 is there anything this man can say that wo n't make my body high on him ? 
 `` you 're going to torture me . '' 
 `` and you 're going to torture me . 
 but i know you like to touch yourself . 
 and i bet you can do it quietly too . '' 
 `` why do you say that ? '' 
 he leans into me , twines his fingers into my hair once more , and i melt into his touch . 
 `` because you have a roommate . 
 because you told me you read erotic novels . 
 because i bet you 've learned how to make yourself come quietly . '' 
 my breath stills , and heat spreads through my body . 
 `` how do you do that ? 
 how do you just know things about me ? '' 
 `` because it 's my job to understand people and emotions , and secrets , and the things we do in the dark and the things we tell others and do n't tell others . 
 that 's why i do what i do . 
 and i know you 're absolutely turned on right now . '' 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 i ask in a challenging voice , even though i 'm sure i 'm an open book . 
 he brushes my hair away from my shoulder , trails his tongue from my collarbone to my earlobe . 
 `` because your cheeks have this pink glow when you get turned on and your eyes go all hazy , and you part your lips , and i know it means you 're aching for me to touch you , '' he says , and i ca n't help myself . 
 i breathe harder and gasp out , `` oh god . '' 
 neither one of us is touching me right now , but i can feel how hot i 'm getting between my legs , how i 'm aching for pressure , for touch , for release . 
 `` touch yourself , '' he commands . 
 `` i want you to come from your own hand . '' 
 i nod , close my eyes , and slip my hand under my dress until my fingers reach my wetness . 
 `` tell me how wet you are now . '' 
 `` more than i 've ever been , '' i say as a low moan escapes my lips . 
 he brings my face closer to his , so he 's wrapped an arm around me , as if he 's shielding me from anyone who might see or hear . 
 `` and how does it feel to have your fingers on your cl * t while i 'm right here next to you , and i can smell how turned on you are ? '' 
 `` oh god , '' i gasp , and he 's sending me to another plane of pleasure already with the way he strips me bare . 
 i am burning all over , my whole body is lit up from how he talks to me . 
 `` i 'm so turned on by you . '' 
 `` and have you masturbated to me f ** king you ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i say , as sparks of pleasure careen through my body with every dirty word from his mouth . 
 `` and how do i do it ? '' 
 `` any way . 
 you do it any and every way . '' 
 `` do i f ** k you from behind ? 
 with you bent over the bed ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and do i f ** k you up against the wall , with your legs wrapped around me ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and do i f ** k you on a table ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and are you on all fours , so i can run my hand down your gorgeous back before i slide into you and you beg me to take you harder ? '' 
 `` yes , yes , yes , '' i answer in heavy pants , my breathing growing wildly erratic as electric heat ripples through my veins . 
 `` and do you take me in your mouth ? '' 
 `` god yes . 
 i want to do that to you . 
 i want you to let me , '' i whisper to him in a hungry , needy voice , because he 's driving me absolutely insane and to the far edge of pleasure . 
 i 'm an expert at self-love , this is my specialty , this is what i do , but the way he talks to me as i touch myself makes it seem as if he 's the one doing it . 
 he traces my top lip with his finger . 
 `` you think you 'd like having my c ** k in your mouth ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i want to . 
 i want to taste you , '' i say , then he slips his finger into my mouth and i close my lips around it . 
 `` you 're so close now to coming , are n't you ? '' 
 i breathe out a strangled yes , as he takes his finger away . 
 `` i do n't want anyone else to hear you , '' he says in a firm voice . 
 `` you 're so loud when you come . 
 do you have any idea how loud you are ? '' 
 `` i know i 'm loud , '' i say , in between muffled moans against his skin . 
 `` and i love it . 
 i love it when you ca n't hold back . 
 and when you moan , and scream and grab my hair hard . 
 but you need to be quiet right now . 
 do you know why ? '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i manage to ask , as i touch myself more . 
 `` because no one else can know what you sound like coming . 
 i do n't want anyone in this restaurant to hear you . 
 i do n't want anyone else to know how f ** king sexy you sound when you come . 
 i want you to be quiet , and whenever you want to scream out , you need to moan in my ear , so i 'm the only one who can hear you . 
 the noises you make are only for me . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i 'm barely in this restaurant anymore . 
 i 'm some place else with him , a dark and desperate place , as he cups the back of my head , and brings my face to his neck , so my mouth is near his ear . 
 `` now pretend you 're home , and you have to be quiet , but it 's so f ** king hard to be quiet , because you 're picturing my c ** k in your mouth , and your beautiful lips wrapped around me . '' 
 `` you 're killing me , '' i pant out . 
 `` i want you so badly . 
 i want to do that to you . '' 
 `` and i want to see your gorgeous mouth on me . 
 i want to thread my hands into your hair and feel you take me in . 
 i want you to know what you do to me . '' 
 it 's all i can see , all i can picture , and i want to touch him , to know how hard he is , if he 's as turned on as i am right now , because i 'm well past caring about anything except the way my body screams for him . 
 i could hike up my dress , unzip his pants , and slide on top of him right now . 
 i could ride him right here in the far back corner of this too-cool-for-school restaurant and i honestly would n't care if anyone saw me , because i am mindless with my desire for him . 
 i am adrift in lust , and all i want is release , and i start to cry out because it feels so good . 
 but he silences me quickly , rasping his knuckles against my lips . 
 `` bite down when you come . '' 
 and i do , as my fingers fly and an orgasm starts deep in my belly and then spreads through my body , making me quiver and shake and want to shout and moan and thrash , but instead i bite down on him to muffle my sounds as i shudder and come for him in the restaurant where we 'll be eating dinner any minute . 
 finally , when i can breathe and speak and make contact with reality , i look at him , and he has the most satisfied grin on his face when he shows me the bite marks i left on his knuckles . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' i say . 
 `` do n't ever be sorry for that . '' 
 then he takes my hand , and he presses it against his pants so i can feel his c ** k straining against the fabric . 
 he unzips the fly , locks my fingers into his , and brings my hand inside his pants , then down his boxer briefs , and i nearly combust when i touch him for the first time . 
 he 's so hard and big and velvety smooth . 
 he 's throbbing in my hands , and i can tell how much he wants me to touch him . 
 `` let me , '' i plead . 
 he gives me a smirk , then shakes his head playfully as if i 've been naughty . 
 `` god , when are you going to sleep with me ? '' 
 i ask because i 'm so keyed up and so frustrated . 
 `` i want you inside me . '' 
 he removes my hand from his pants , then zips them up and fastens the button . 
 `` when i can f ** k you and make love to you at the same time , jill . 
 like i want to . 
 because that 's what i want from you , '' he says , so matter-of-factly he could be giving me a note on how to do a scene better in the show . 
 this is what he wants . 
 this is what he expects from me . 
 this is what i 'll have to deliver . 
 `` that 's how i want to have you . 
 now it looks like our food is here and i 'm hungry . '' 
 the waiter serves our fish , and davis says thank you , and all i can do is mumble a thanks . 
 he is so cool and collected and yet i 'm the one who got off . 
 this man vexes me with the way he takes care of me so thoroughly , and protects his own heart so fiercely . 
 but then , i suppose i know what that 's like . 
 i 've been doing it for years . 
 he slices his fish and spears a forkful . 
 `` now , i want to ask you to go out with me again . '' 
 `` a second date ? '' 
 i ask , as he takes a bite of his dinner . 
 `` yes . 
 come with me to the broadway cares event . '' 
 `` it 's one thing for me to be at a restaurant with you . 
 but there will be people there we know . '' 
 he huffs out a sigh . 
 `` fine . 
 you 'll come in a restaurant for me , but you wo n't attend a formal event where i have to say a few words about the fundraising , '' he teases , shaking his head . 
 `` it 's not the same , '' i try to point out , but my argument seems invalid , even to me . 
 `` you 're right , jill , '' he says , playing along , as he places his fork and knife down to take a drink . 
 `` that 's why it 's a good thing i have access to extra tickets . 
 perhaps you can go with shelby , and i can look at you across the room and pretend i do n't know what you look like and sound like and feel like when you come for me . '' 
 a charge races through me , and i 'm about ready to grab him , pull him into the bathroom and insist on what i want right now . 
 him . 
 but instead , i try my hand at negotiation . 
 `` i 'm pretty good at acting . 
 maybe i 'll go and act as if i 'm not dying to have you . 
 maybe then you 'll finally let me . '' 
 the gauntlet is thrown . 
 chapter 18 davis clay calls as i 'm leaving the times square subway station , heading up the steps to the street . 
 `` are you emailing me that new route to work ? 
 because i 'm walking precariously close to the belasco in about thirty seconds when i cross forty-fourth street , '' i say , and the funny thing is it would n't bother me if i bumped into madeline . 
 `` man , you are just a tough bastard , are n't you ? 
 but that 's not why i 'm calling . '' 
 `` ah , you missed me even though i saw you an hour ago at the gym , '' i joke , as the smell of pretzels wafts past me from a nearby street vendor . 
 `` yeah , exactly . 
 so , i 'm calling with a heads up . '' 
 i groan . 
 a heads up is never good . 
 `` don is at the st. james already . 
 he 's got some film producers there to check out patrick . '' 
 my shoulders tighten . 
 `` what ? 
 nobody told me about this . '' 
 `` it 's the pinkertons , '' he says , mentioning the names of a pair of british brothers who bankroll films . 
 `` for the second picture in escorted lives . '' 
 `` the first has n't even started shooting yet . 
 they 're turning that into a trilogy already ? '' 
 `` books were so damn popular , the pinkertons are doing all three . 
 and there 's a new-guy-in-town role for the second film , so they want to consider patrick for it . 
 you know his crash the moon contract is for ten months , so his agent brought in the producers since they 're in town for a few days . '' 
 `` do they think they 're going to watch the rehearsal ? 
 because that 's not how it works , '' i say firmly , my muscles tensing all over . 
 `` it 's not a god damn open rehearsal . 
 if the film producers want to see him play paolo , they buy a ticket to the show when it opens in two weeks . '' 
 `` i know , '' clay says , heaving a sigh . 
 `` i said the same thing to don . 
 but you know don . '' 
 `` yeah , he 's an ass . 
 what 's the deal ? 
 is he in bed with the film producers ? 
 is he getting a cut ? '' 
 `` i think he 's vying for some small producer credit on the film . 
 that 's why he brought them in . 
 it should only be a few more minutes . 
 he 's got that understudy with him . '' 
 i stop in my tracks . 
 like i 've been punched in the ribs . 
 a woman in a suit and heels bumps into me , and i mutter an apology , then step into the doorway of sardi 's to get out of the way . 
 `` that understudy ? '' 
 i ask through clenched teeth . 
 `` mccormick ? 
 is that her name ? '' 
 `` jill mccormick . '' 
 i shut my eyes . 
 my blood feels like it 's boiling and i do n't know what pisses me off more-don commandeering the stage or jill not mentioning she 'd be doing a scene with patrick for the producers of a romantic movie . 
 rationally , i know she 'll play many romantic roles throughout her career . 
 logically , i would never do anything to stop her . 
 but seeing as she 's auditioning for all intents and purposes with him i would have appreciated a heads up from her . 
 i do n't know why she would n't tell me she was reading with him , but the omission sends a hot rush of jealousy through my veins . 
 `` patrick likes working with her , so he wanted to do a scene with her for the producers . 
 not from crash the moon though . 
 do n't worry about that . 
 they 're just running lines from the next book . '' 
 `` oh great , '' i say sarcastically . 
 `` that just makes it all f ** king better . '' 
 `` yeah , sorry , man . '' 
 but he does n't know the half of why i 'm angry . 
 `` and listen , i know you ca n't stand don . 
 but the show opens in two weeks , so if you could do your best to let it go that would help me a ton as i work on what 's next for you . 
 got a few possibilities i 'm working on . 
 maybe some twelfth night in london . 
 maybe a film . '' 
 `` let me know what you come up with . 
 i 'm always ready for the next challenge . '' 
 i resume my path to the theater . 
 i turn into the alley , and don is walking towards me with the pinkertons . 
 don smiles broadly and i seethe inside , but do my best to follow clay 's advice . 
 `` davis , '' he calls out as if we 're pals happy to see each other . 
 `` have you met nicholas and frederick pinkerton ? '' 
 i extend a hand , keeping my anger tightly wrapped inside as i meet the two brothers . 
 `` pleasure to meet you both . '' 
 frederick pinkerton shakes my hand enthusiastically , and beams a bright smile that takes me by surprise . 
 `` i 'm a huge fan of your work , '' frederick says . 
 `` i 've seen all your shows on broadway . 
 south pacific , and anything for you , and the saying goes . 
 loved your film , too . 
 and i also saw world enough and time at la jolla . 
 thought it was utterly brilliant . '' 
 i 'm taken aback . 
 i did n't expect pinkerton to be anything but a dick but then , that 's because he 's guilty by association with don in my book . 
 `` thank you very much . '' 
 `` i 've often thought that play would make a wonderful film adaptation , '' he says , glancing up pensively at the gray february sky . 
 then he begins reciting lines from the andrew marvelle poem . 
 `` had we but world enough , and time . 
 this coyness , lady , were no crime . 
 we would sit down and think which way to walk and pass our long love 's day . '' 
 i flash back to the play . 
 to madeline playing the lead role . 
 to the days and nights when those lines and many others from the play were all i lived and breathed . 
 when i felt that way for her . 
 now , three years later , the lines are only lines , the memory just that . 
 only a memory , and it does n't hurt anymore . 
 `` helluva poem , '' i say , because it 's true , and because that 's all the poem is anymore . 
 frederick gives me a serious look . 
 `` you know , mr. milo . 
 we should talk about you turning that into a film quite soon . 
 shall we set up a meeting for later this week ? '' 
 `` absolutely , '' i say , and i 'm honestly not sure how the morning is working itself into such a strange turn of events . 
 i 've gone from being blindsided , to being offered a possible next job . 
 but the fact is , i need to think about what i want to do next . 
 the work of a director is done once the show opens . 
 the actors keep it going , and i move on to the next job . 
 don and the pinkertons walk away , and i head inside the theater as patrick and jill leave the stage . 
 she hangs her head low , and the guilty look in her eyes makes my heart stop . 
 but she 's desperately trying to make eye contact with me , and she 's mouthing the words i did n't know under her breath . 
 patrick calls out to me . 
 `` milo ! '' 
 he has such a bright smile on his face that he makes it nearly impossible to dislike him . 
 especially when i ca n't let my professional side pander to my personal one . 
 `` hey ! 
 that was totally last minute . 
 agent called late last night since the pinkertons were in town , and don okayed it . 
 hope you do n't mind us using the stage for it . '' 
 `` of course not , patrick , '' i say , in my best calm voice because the last thing i need is for patrick to be less than happy . 
 he 's a linchpin in this show , and if i want it to be the hit it can be , i have to make sure the leading man has no clue i 've dreamed of all the ways i can take him out of the running with jill . 
 `` the stage is always available for you . '' 
 `` you 're the best , man . '' 
 then he bounds down the hall to his dressing room , singing a cappella to a jack johnson tune that must be playing in his head and reminding him of beaches and sunny skies . 
 i turn around to see jill standing in the hallway . 
 `` i tried to call you this morning to tell you , '' she says quietly so no one else can hear . 
 `` you did ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 about thirty minutes ago . 
 i got a crazy call this morning from my agent to be here so i rushed to get ready , and i called you when i was in a cab . 
 but you did n't pick up . '' 
 `` must have been on the subway . '' 
 `` i would have told you . 
 you have to know that , davis , '' she says and there 's real worry in her voice that she might have crossed some sort of line . 
 the look in her eyes is one of genuine concern , and it erases all my irritation from before . 
 then it hits me , like a blow i did n't see coming , that she can do this to me . 
 that she has this power over me . 
 that she alone has a direct line to my heart . 
 where i was jealous and angry minutes ago , now i am reduced once more to this all too familiar feeling when i 'm with her . 
 the feeling of not wanting to be without her . 
 i press a hand against the wall , and curse under my breath . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 she lays a hand on my arm . 
 no . 
 i 'm totally screwed . 
 `` yeah . 
 just need to get started . 
 that little stunt cut into the day , '' i say , pushing all my frustration onto don , even though it 's with me . 
 it 's with how i feel for her . 
 i head for the stage , leaving her behind . 
 i need to focus on getting this show ready , because that 's why i 'm here . 
 not for any other reason . 
 * * * everyone is gone now . 
 i 'm sitting on the edge of the stage , and jill 's walking down the aisle of the theater for one of our last private rehearsals . 
 `` are you still mad at me ? '' 
 she asks in a small , nervous voice when she reaches me . 
 it 's the first time we 've been alone today . 
 the theater is quiet and her footsteps echo . 
 `` i was never really mad at you . '' 
 she holds up her thumb and forefinger . 
 `` just a tiny bit ? '' 
 i run a hand through my hair . 
 `` just annoyed . 
 in general , '' i admit . 
 `` but i 'm not anymore . '' 
 i pat the edge of the stage . 
 `` come here . '' 
 she hops up on the stage and sits next to me . 
 she fidgets with the cuffs on her sweater . 
 rolling them up . 
 pushing them down . 
 `` i was worried all day . '' 
 `` you were ? '' 
 there 's a part of me that 's glad she felt that way , though i know that makes me seem cruel . 
 but it gives me a flicker of hope that maybe this is n't a one-way street . 
 `` i do n't want you to be mad at me and think things with patrick ... '' she says , but she does n't finish the thought . 
 i want to ask if she 's still in love with him . 
 i want to know if he 's still on her mind all the time . 
 but i also know i ca n't handle the answer if it 's yes . 
 i ca n't keep going there . 
 `` jill , if you have a chance to act in a film when your contract is up , and that 's what you want , you should pursue it . 
 even if it 's with him , '' i say , focusing on the professional side of things , though it takes every ounce of my strength to get those words out without sounding like a jerk . 
 `` can i ask you a question ? 
 why are you so nice to him ? 
 i know how you really feel about him . 
 but you 're always so nice to him , like this morning in the hallway . '' 
 `` because that 's what he needs to perform , '' i say , as if the answer is obvious . 
 but it 's only obvious to me , because this is the way i work . 
 this is the way i manage actors to get the best from them . 
 `` i know patrick . 
 i 've worked with him . 
 he 's one of those people who was born skipping , and he 's an amazing talent , and he needs to be happy all the time . 
 that 's what he needs to give the best performances . 
 and that 's what i want . '' 
 `` the best performance ? '' 
 she raises an eyebrow , as if she 's considering this for the first time . 
 `` yes . 
 of course i want the best performance . 
 nothing less . '' 
 `` so why did you tell alexis that day at the studio that she was your ava ? '' 
 `` you heard me say that ? '' 
 she nods . 
 `` because that 's what she needs . '' 
 i run my index finger along her face . 
 her skin is so soft , and it 's impossible not to touch her . 
 a soft sigh escapes her lips . 
 `` so you give her what she needs ? '' 
 `` look , '' i say firmly . 
 `` alexis needs to feel as if she 's the center of the universe . 
 that 's how she gives the best performance that her fans love . 
 but even though i told her she was meant to play ava , that does n't change that you 're the one i wanted more for the part . 
 but that 's what i had to tell her to get her to deliver for me . '' 
 `` so you play us all ? '' 
 i give her a look as if she ca n't be serious . 
 `` is that what you think i 'm doing to you ? '' 
 jill i shake my head . 
 because i do n't want to think he 'd do that . 
 i ca n't even contemplate that he 'd toy with me . 
 so i wo n't believe it . 
 `` jill , you have to know i 'm not playing you , '' he says in his cool and controlled voice . 
 he 's the consummate pro now . 
 the man who wins awards , and rains money down on the show 's backers . 
 he 's not talking to me as a lover . 
 he 's talking to me as a director . 
 `` but this is how i work , and every actor needs something different . '' 
 `` what do i need then ? 
 as an actress ? '' 
 i want to know how he categorizes me . 
 he 's brilliant at his job , and i want to understand how he does it . 
 how he knows what we need . 
 how he makes us give it to him . 
 how he drives us to work harder for him . 
 `` you , '' he says , and he stares out at the audience , as if he 's finding the answer there in the vast expanse of empty chairs . 
 in the row after row of red upholstered seats that will creak and groan with theatergoers in two more weeks . 
 with patrons who will never know the blood , sweat and tears that were shed on the path to opening night , but will hopefully fall in love with the artifice that seems real . 
 `` you need someone to see you . 
 to know you . 
 to understand you . 
 that 's what makes you so good in this role . 
 ava needs so many of the same things , and that 's why you connect with her character . '' 
 i am reminded of the day he told me the news . 
 of the time we had drinks and talked about what he saw in me when i played eponine . 
 maybe it sounds vain , maybe it sounds egotistical , but it thrills me deep in my heart and soul to know that he admires my talent . 
 that he thinks i have talent . 
 that he thinks i 'm more than good enough . 
 this is what i 've always wanted , to be able to move people with a performance . 
 i want him to know that . 
 i swivel around so i 'm sitting cross-legged and i take his hand in mine . 
 `` it means the world to me that you gave me this chance . 
 you know that right ? '' 
 `` of course i know that , '' he says in a calloused voice that surprises me . 
 maybe he 'd rather not hear how much i admire his work . 
 maybe what he wants from me right now is something i 'm not sure how to give . 
 `` now let 's get to work because if i spend all night talking to you , we 'll never get this show ready . 
 i want to work on the scene where paolo finally breaks down ava . 
 where he gets her to open up to him and admit all her truths about being alone her whole life and he helps her make the best art . '' 
 breaks down ava . 
 those words reverberate in my head . 
 paolo breaks down ava , and there 's a voice inside me , a quiet little voice that 's asking if davis is doing the same to me . 
 if that 's how he 's getting what he needs from this actress . 
 but maybe i want to be broken down too . 
 * * * we are oddly silent as we pack up three hours later . 
 i grab my coat and my purse and he gathers his phone and his notes , and the silence between us is full of unsaid things . 
 as if neither one of us knows what happens next . 
 do we go our separate ways or do we find a way to reconnect when we leave the theater together ? 
 i want to say something , to ask a question , to make a joke . 
 but i do n't know where to start . 
 i do n't know what 's happening with us . 
 then my stomach growls loudly as if it 's an ornery creature begging for food , and he laughs deeply . 
 it 's the first time i 've heard him laugh like this , the kind of laugh that takes over your body . 
 `` do i need to feed you ? '' 
 he says in that playful way he has , and i ca n't help but smile and crack up too . 
 `` evidently , i could really go for a burger and fries . 
 would you care to take me out on another date ? '' 
 his eyes light up , and whatever sadness filled the day is wiped out in that grumbling sound . 
 i 'd like to send a thank you note to my hungry belly for giving me a reason to spend more time with him . 
 time away from the play . 
 `` yes . '' 
 at the diner , we talk more and i ask him questions about all the shows he 's done and he tells me about his productions , sharing stories and anecdotes . 
 i love hearing him talk about what he loves , and as he does , i realize i have n't thought about patrick in a long , long time . 
 not the way i used to . 
 i have n't lingered on images of patrick 's face . 
 i have n't sought him out like he 's the balm for my strung-out heart . 
 i have n't needed him as a drug anymore . 
 a wave of understanding smacks me hard . 
 that 's what patrick has been . 
 a drug . 
 a good drug , a gentle drug . 
 but a drug nonetheless . 
 and i hardly need my fix anymore . 
 because of this man here with me . 
 this man is changing me . 
 and i do n't know what the hell to do next . 
 `` what are you thinking ? '' 
 he asks , as he bends his head to kiss my neck . 
 a soft kiss . 
 a sweet kiss . 
 that you make me feel all sorts of things . 
 that everything with you scares the hell out of me . 
 that i do n't know how to hide or pretend this is n't happening anymore . 
 `` that these fries are awesome . 
 did you know they 're my favorite food ? '' 
 `` ah . 
 you say that as if you let me in on your darkest secret . 
 but i suspect that 's not what you were thinking . '' 
 `` chinese food is actually my favorite . 
 cold sesame noodles , '' i say , then i look away and he pets my hair . 
 `` but , that 's not what i was thinking . '' 
 `` what were you thinking about ? '' 
 i ca n't tell him my darkest secret . 
 i ca n't tell him all that i 'm feeling . 
 i 'm not even sure what this is , or what it could be . 
 but i manage one small step . 
 `` you , '' i whisper , and he leans his forehead against mine , sighing deeply as i trace the ends of his hair with my fingers . 
 `` i was thinking about you . 
 i think about you all the time , '' i say , and the admission terrifies me , but it also makes me feel lighter . 
 like i can start to have all the things i 've denied myself . 
 all the real things . 
 `` you do ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 so much it scares me , '' i say , and my throat hitches , but i keep it together . 
 `` it 's okay to be scared . 
 it 's okay to feel , '' he says in a soft , tender voice . 
 it 's such a contrast to how he spoke to me back at the theater . 
 i pull back and look at him , seeing him in a newer light than i always have . 
 he 's always been heart-stoppingly gorgeous with his dark hair , ink blue eyes , and strong jawline . 
 but he 's beautiful in a different way now . 
 because i know who he is , beyond the man in the second row of the st. james theater who called me in for the chance of a lifetime . 
 that chance still exists though , and i need to protect it . 
 `` we still have to be careful at the event this weekend , okay ? 
 i do n't want people to talk about me . 
 we ca n't arrive together , and we ca n't leave together . '' 
 `` can i get you a dress though ? '' 
 he looks so hopeful , like he 's been dying to do this for me . 
 `` you do n't have to do that . 
 i can find something to wear . '' 
 `` i know you can , jill . 
 i know you 're perfectly capable of doing everything on your own . 
 and i know i do n't have to . 
 but i want to do something special for you . '' 
 `` then i would love to see what you choose for me . 
 but there 's something i have to do first before i go with you . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 i tell him what i need to do , and i think i might have made him the happiest i 've ever seen him . 
 then he smothers me in a kiss that makes me forget we are in a public place . 
 but there 's a part of me that no longer cares . 
 chapter 19 jill when i first saw patrick perform in guys and dolls , it was exactly six months after aaron 's final letter . 
 six months after his death . 
 six months of nothing but my own unflinching blackness , my relentless disgust over what i 'd done . 
 after he died , i made it through each day by going through the motions . 
 by waking up and running . 
 by going to school and running . 
 by eating dinner and running . 
 i 'm sure my family thought they knew why i was wrecked . 
 but they did n't know the half of it . 
 i mastered running when i was younger , and it was because i tried to run off all the things i could have done differently . 
 to run away from the things i could n't stop . 
 but then i made a choice . 
 to keep going . 
 to keep living . 
 to move forward . 
 and i did it when i saw guys and dolls . 
 maybe it 's weird in some ways that a musical would jolt me out of the pain . 
 but maybe it 's not weird , because theater was always my true heart , my unfettered joy that could n't be touched by anyone . 
 that could never be tainted , never be harmed . 
 there i was , at the gershwin theater in the balcony , and the overture began , and i was transported , out of my world , and into a better one . 
 the kind that only illusion , only artifice can bring . 
 it was n't so much the role that patrick played , but it was how he 'd done it . 
 how he took over , saving the show on such short notice . 
 from his golden boy looks , to his save-the-day talent , i imagined him to be everything i ever wanted , and when he stepped onto the stage after only forty-eight hours of rehearsal , seamlessly becoming someone else as i so longed to do , i suspended disbelief . 
 because i needed something desperately . 
 i needed something that was pure joy , pure goodness in my life , something i could n't ruin . 
 so i latched onto him . 
 to the possibility of a love that would n't wound me , consume me , and ruin me . 
 more importantly , the kind of love that would n't ruin someone else . 
 love without pain . 
 love without fear . 
 the kind that only exists from afar . 
 i held onto him for the next six years . 
 he became the brace that stabilized my foundation for all that time . 
 because i suspended disbelief not only for one night at the theater , but for the next six years of my life . 
 then when i met him , he seemed to be everything i always thought he would be-kind , nurturing , and most of all , so very happy . 
 now i no longer need him . 
 so i do n't even look at aaron 's letter when i return from my run the next morning , get ready for rehearsal and head to the theater . 
 i do n't look at his last note to me because i do n't need to put my finger in the flame any more . 
 i simply march forward . 
 even though my feet feel like cinder blocks when i reach the stage door . 
 my stomach twists with nerves as i walk up the steps , because i 'm ending six years of imaginary love . 
 but it 's just the fear of letting go of my crutch . 
 of stepping out on my two feet again , and learning how to walk without help . 
 somehow i make it down the carpeted hallway and stop in front of his dressing room . 
 the door is ajar , and i hear music playing . 
 the black-eyed peas `` i got ta feeling . '' 
 my lips curve into a closed-mouth grin , because this is patrick . 
 he 's the happy guy . 
 he needs to be in a good mood all the time , and he 's listening to one of the poppiest numbers in recent years to get himself there . 
 just do it . 
 i take a deep breath and knock . 
 he leans back , taps out a few beats on the wooden arms of the chair , and waves me in . 
 `` jill ! 
 come in . '' 
 i try to excise the feeling of walking the plank . 
 but this is patrick . 
 patrick wo n't hurt . 
 patrick wo n't be ruined . 
 we only went out twice . 
 `` hi patrick . 
 i wanted to thank you for the book , and the bowling , and the mini golf invitation , '' i say quickly , the words piling up . 
 i remind myself to breathe , to slow down . 
 `` but i ca n't go to mini golf or anything else . '' 
 he tilts his head to the side , his golden-brown eyes casting me a curious look . 
 as if my no does n't compute . 
 `` bummer . 
 i was looking forward to it . 
 we could have had such fun . '' 
 `` i know , '' i say , and my heart hurts to have to say goodbye to whatever this might have been . 
 but this was only ever some sort of hero worship on my part . 
 `` i had a great time with you . 
 and i know i 'd still have a great time with you . 
 but i started seeing someone , and so i probably should n't hang out like we 've been doing . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 he looks perturbed at first . 
 i do n't think he 's used to being turned down . 
 `` but i hope we can still be friends , '' i add quickly because that 's what you 're supposed to say . 
 but then he snaps his fingers , and points at me . 
 `` you know , i 'm not surprised . 
 you 've kind of had this happy glow about you . '' 
 he reaches for me , and with a soft touch , squeezes my hand . 
 it 's such a friendly gesture , and that 's all . 
 `` and jill , of course we 'll be friends . 
 because that 's how we 'll have a great show , right ? '' 
 right . 
 that 's all we were . 
 even if i thought there was something more brewing , maybe being friends simply made him happy . 
 maybe i was a means to an end too . 
 yet another cog in the machinery that makes patrick tick at that cheerful , chipper level he so desperately needs to perform . 
 and maybe i 'll never know if there could have been more . 
 i 'll have to be okay with that . 
 patrick was my shield . 
 my bulletproof vest is gone now , and i need to learn to live without it . 
 * * * the cream-colored box from neiman marcus is so stunning that i do n't want to ruin the beautifully tied bow by opening it . 
 but i 'm the kid at christmas , and i 'm dying to know what he picked out . 
 i tug on one end of the gold-trimmed bow , undoing the knot and tossing it on my couch . 
 excitement races through me as i wiggle off the top , then unfold the tissue paper carefully . 
 i gasp , and bring my hand to my mouth . 
 `` oh my god , '' i say out loud . 
 i 'm home alone , and am grateful because i need to have a moment with this dress . 
 i lift it up , reverently , because i 've never had a dress like this , and then i stand , and hold it against me , running my hand along the sapphire fabric , savoring the hourglass shape . 
 i 'm about to go check it out in the mirror on my closet door , when i see a note in the box . 
 gingerly , i lay the dress down in the box , then reach for the note . 
 it 's on stiff cardboard and i open it . 
 butterflies make a quick visit to my belly , but i shoo them away . 
 i want to know what he 's written . 
 i 've never had so much as a text message from him , so i do n't know what to expect . 
 for the most beautiful and captivating woman i know . 
 and hope to know . 
 davis my heart leaps to my throat , and all my instincts tell me to shut it down . 
 to run . 
 to act . 
 a million malformed ideas invade my brain on how to pretend , avoid , hide . 
 my heart is beating rapidly , knocking hard against my chest like it wants so desperately to escape , to stop the flood of feelings this note has unleashed . 
 but then i flash onto the show i 'm doing in one more week . 
 onto the role i 'll be ready to step into at a moment 's notice . 
 into ava . 
 i picture the moments when she lets paolo in . 
 i see the scenes play out in my mind when she finally can move past the physical and accept all that he wants from her-for her art , for her love . 
 i close my eyes , take a deep breath , and remind myself that i am like her . 
 that she is strong . 
 that she is brave . 
 that she is more than the damage she 's done . 
 i open my eyes , run my fingers over his words then tuck the note safely into my purse . 
 this note wo n't be locked away . 
 this note will stay with me . 
 * * * i gather a small section of the fabric on the skirt as i walk up the red-carpeted steps of the plaza hotel on friday night . 
 i 'm in shoes my size . 
 shoes i bought for myself-my own louboutins . 
 i wanted to have something i chose for me , even though i ca n't fault davis for his taste . 
 it 's impeccable . 
 a man in a black jacket with gold piping stands elegantly by the roman columns , then quickly reaches for the door and opens it for us with a grand gesture . 
 shelby and i walk inside the luxury hotel and i 'm immediately assaulted with images of eloise , and the great gatsby and the history of this icon of new york city . 
 i imagine all the other men and women , in evening dresses and tuxes , who 've walked through this lobby as we do , across the polished tiles on the floor , the red leaf pattern on the carpet , and through the french doors of the palm court to the terrace room just beyond . 
 an attendant takes our coats , and shelby gives me another once-over , shaking her head in admiration . 
 `` if i had your body i 'd wear a herve leger form-fitting bandage dress too , '' she says . 
 `` oh stop . 
 you have a perfect body . 
 you 're a broadway baby , just like me . 
 we have to look good , '' i say playfully . 
 naturally , shelby begins humming lullaby of broadway , and i join in , but then our little rendition fades out as we head into terrace room . 
 i 've been to the plaza . 
 i 've had high tea in the palm court . 
 i even stayed in this hotel one night with my mom when we went on a shopping trip when i was a little girl . 
 but i 've never entered this room as a guest at a formal event , and the word awestruck takes on a new meaning . 
 soft light from crystal chandeliers bathes the opulent room in a warm glow . 
 the walls are lined with replicas of italian renaissance style paintings , while the archways that ring the main floor bring majesty to this jewel of a room . 
 steps on each side lead up to another level that wraps the main area so you can stand at the railing and watch the mingling , the dancing , the champagne-drinking , and all the beautiful people below . 
 we walk down the steps , and i spy all sorts of broadway star wattage , from my idol audra mcdonald to one of my favorite actors of all time , michael cerveris . 
 there are producers and agents , choreographers and music directors , and of course , the money men and women who make the shows go round . 
 i even spy joyelle kristy , a rising film starlet who played a leather-clad superhero in a hit film and is said to be on the hunt for a juicy theater role so she can follow in scarlett johansson 's footsteps . 
 `` fancy meeting you here . '' 
 i turn and it 's reeve . 
 he told me he 'd be attending when we worked out yesterday morning . 
 `` hey gorgeous , '' i say , and give him a quick kiss on the cheek then introduce him to shelby . 
 reeve is joined shortly by sutton brenner , the casting director and the woman who stole his heart . 
 `` so good to see you again , jill , '' she says in her crisp , british accent , and leans in to give me cheek kisses . 
 `` how 's everything going with crash the moon ? 
 we 're so excited for opening night , and i know you 're going to be the best one in the whole show . '' 
 `` well , i 'm only in the chorus . '' 
 she blows air through her lips as if to dismiss the thought . 
 `` that 's where all the stars begin , my darling . 
 and i have no doubt yours will be the brightest on all broadway . 
 i ca n't wait . '' 
 `` do you ladies need a beverage ? '' 
 reeve suggests , and tips his forehead to the bar . 
 we follow him , and i want to tease him that he 's now flanked by three women but then i see davis talking to a woman with dark hair and a fabulous figure , and his hand is on her elbow and i 'm about to get all territorial , until i realize they have the same cheekbones . 
 she must be his sister . 
 but i do n't spend much time appraising her because he 's so sexy and so sophisticated at the same time in his tux and i swear when i see him in it , i know that tuxes were made for men like him . 
 my blood heats as i look him over , and even from across this spacious room , with all these people between us , and the piped-in show tunes playing overhead , and the twinkling lights , i ca n't help but want to be all alone with him . 
 i have to wonder if he can feel the pull through the crowd , if he can sense that i 'm here wearing the dress he picked out for me . 
 goose bumps rise on my skin as i remember the last time i walked into a public place , and he looked me over as if he would only ever have eyes for me . 
 i lick my lips briefly at the memory , and it 's then that he happens to look up from his sister and notice me . 
 he raises an eyebrow ever so slightly and shoots me a quick grin , but then returns his attention to her as i make my way to the bar . 
 `` so is n't that great that he 'll be coming back to new york soon ? '' 
 `` hmm ? '' 
 i ask , when i realize shelby 's been chatting with me the whole time as we weave through the sea of broadway beautiful and benefactors alike . 
 `` my boyfriend . 
 from los angeles . 
 hello , earth to jill ? '' 
 i shake my head , as if i can quiet all these thoughts of davis . 
 i tell myself the curtains are rising and i am shedding myself and becoming a character . 
 tonight i 'm playing the part of someone who has supreme focus on her friends , not on the man across the room who 's slowly , carefully , wonderfully hooked his way into her heart . 
 `` that 's awesome . 
 i 'm sure you 're totally psyched , '' i say . 
 `` he 's going to concentrate on his commercial work and voiceovers for a while since pilot season did n't pan out . '' 
 `` that 's too bad about pilot season , but it 'll be nice for you to see him , '' i say , and then reeve turns around and hands me a champagne glass . 
 the bubbles tickle my nose , but it tastes crisp and light . 
 then i can feel a tingling in my neck , and a quick ribbon of desire has been unspooled in me . 
 for the briefest of moments , fingertips graze the exposed skin on my back from the v in the dress . 
 but then they 're phantom fingers , and they 're no longer on me . 
 i turn around , and davis is at the far end of the bar , his back to me , as he chats with michael cerveris . 
 how does he do that ? 
 just set me aflame with one touch ? 
 i down the rest of my champagne and shelby gives me a wide-eyed look . 
 `` i 'm thirsty , '' i say . 
 `` i need another . '' 
 `` you go , girl , '' she says , `` besides , i see jane black setting up over there for her set . 
 i worship the ground her high-heeled boots walk on , so i need to go kowtow . '' 
 `` she 's pretty rocking , '' i say , referring to the singer who just won a grammy for an absolutely epic breakup album she wrote . 
 reeve and sutton are engrossed in each other 's company , so i squeeze past a gray-haired man in a double-breasted suit and snag a spot near the end of the bar so i can people watch . 
 `` i 'd love to go see your band , '' davis says to michael in his smooth and friendly voice . 
 `` heard great things about loose cattle . 
 great name for a band , by the way . '' 
 i smile privately as davis talks to actors in his professional demeanor , and i feel like i have a delicious secret because i know all the other things he says . 
 i know how sexy his voice is when he tells me how to touch myself , i know how it goes low and husky when he 's taking my clothes off , i know how he can be sweet and tender when he 's tucking a strand of hair behind my ear and asking to see me again . 
 i know how he sounds when he 's not the director . 
 when he 's not the man in the tux . 
 when he 's not this incredibly powerful presence in the world of new york city performing arts . 
 i know how rough and hungry he gets when he 's desperate for me to want him as much as he wants me . 
 `` absolutely . 
 next thursday , i 'll be there , '' he says , then he shakes michael 's hand , and turns to me . 
 `` oh , by the way , michael . 
 do you know jill mccormick ? 
 she 's the understudy for alexis in crash the moon . '' 
 michael takes my hand and gives me a quick peck . 
 `` alexis ? '' 
 he raises an eyebrow . 
 `` my condolences , '' he teases . 
 `` but it 's a pleasure to meet you , and may she give you no trouble at all . '' 
 `` good to meet you as well , '' i say , avoiding my least favorite topic-alexis . 
 `` and on that note , i should go prepare for my song with ms. black . '' 
 `` a duet with ms. black ? 
 how lucky can we possibly be ? '' 
 davis says to michael , as if they know something i do n't . 
 then michael says a quick goodbye , and it 's just us at the bar . 
 well , us and five hundred other people . 
 but he 's the only one i notice . 
 `` i knew you 'd look stunning in this dress , '' he says casually as he surveys the room , standing side to side with me , so he 's not looking at me . 
 he 's playing by my rules , acting as if we 're two colleagues who happen to be checking out the human scenery at this gala . 
 he speaks as if he 's saying something as mundane as nice weather , but that 's why it 's such a turn-on , because it 's our secret . 
 `` and the slit up the side could come in handy . '' 
 i bite my lip , so i do n't start breathing loudly from all these excruciatingly delicious feelings racing through my bloodstream and turning me all the way up . 
 i try to gather myself , to play it as cleverly as he is . 
 `` yes . 
 you never know when you might have to run , '' i fire back , as if the quip can help me regain the equilibrium , but then i 'm face to face with him and it 's as if all the air has been sucked out of the room and everything stopped , and no one is moving , and it 's just us . 
 i want to run my hand across his face , and play with the collar on his shirt , then smooth out the lapel . 
 i want to slide my hand inside the jacket , touch his back . 
 i want to mark him , so everyone knows this man is taken . 
 this man is mine . 
 for a second i ca n't breathe when the realization hits me . 
 how much i want him to be mine . 
 `` do n't run on me , '' he says in a casual voice , but i know there 's real meaning beneath it . 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 he takes a step closer . 
 `` i f ** king want you so much , '' he whispers in a rough scrape , and heat surges through me , centering between my legs . 
 i 'm sure my cheeks are turning that rosy pink that lets him know i feel completely the same , and i 'm about to inch closer to feel more of this heat , when i see another blonde approaching him . 
 it takes me a few seconds to place her , but when i do my veins turn to ice , and i 'm sure my mouth is hanging open . 
 she 's so gorgeous , and she 's so poised . 
 with perfect cheekbones , deep brown eyes that could melt any man 's cold heart , and the body of a victoria 's secret angel she stops at davis , and flashes a classy smile . 
 `` what a delight to see you again , davis . '' 
 then before he can even respond , she leans in and gives him a kiss on the cheek . 
 i 'd love to peel her off of him , but i 'm too shocked to say anything , too embarrassed to even move . 
 `` madeline , '' he says coolly , as if he 's completely unsurprised to see her . 
 `` i just arrived in town two days ago to start rehearsals for the steve martin play . '' 
 he nods . 
 i seem to recall her being cast , but i did n't pay much attention to it . 
 then he introduces me , and it 's as if i 'm having an out-of-body experience , because everything about this moment is completely surreal . 
 davis , introducing me to the woman he was once in love with . 
 the actress he fell hard for . 
 the one person who singlehandedly broke his heart . 
 i 'm split between the desire to throttle her for hurting him , and the bizarre wish to thank her for leaving him so that i could have him now , three years later . 
 instead , i simply go along with the pleasantries , shaking her hand . 
 it 's a lovely hand , a soft hand , but i still feel as if i 'm touching an eel , because it 's her hand . 
 she shoots me a gorgeous smile and it 's almost enough to seem real , but i can tell it 's her red-carpet smile , her professional smile . 
 that 's all . 
 nothing more . 
 she does n't even say nice to meet you . 
 her focus is only on davis , yet she 's not looking at him as a former lover . 
 instead , she seems all business . 
 `` have the pinkertons got in touch with you about ... '' she pauses and shifts her eyes to me as if she does n't want to say what it 's about , and i get the message . 
 she does n't want me around for their work conversation . 
 `` because i think it sounds like a brilliant idea . '' 
 `` yes , they have . '' 
 `` well ? '' 
 i 'm so agitated right now that i need to make an exit . 
 `` oh , look . 
 i see my friend reeve . 
 i need to catch up with him about where we 're running tomorrow . '' 
 and i walk away , pushing past other people . 
 a tiny bead of sweat slides down my spine , and i doubt it 's because i 'm hot . 
 it 's more because i 'm embarrassed . 
 she 's the woman who wrecked him . 
 she 's the reason he did n't want to date me . 
 she 's here , and she has something private to discuss with him . 
 i bump into alexis . 
 she rolls her eyes . 
 `` you 're here ? '' 
 `` honestly . 
 now is not the time , alexis . 
 so do n't even start with me . '' 
 i continue on , looking for reeve or shelby , but i do n't see either of my friends . 
 so i figure a bit of fresh air would do me good . 
 i eye the doorway and count down the seconds till i reach it , like i 'm finishing a marathon , when davis ' sister cuts me off . 
 it 's like i 'm being cornered everywhere i go . 
 `` hi . 
 i 'm michele milo , '' she says and extends a hand . 
 first madeline . 
 now michele . 
 women connected to davis everywhere i turn . 
 it 's like whiplash . 
 i do n't know why i thought it would be a good idea to attend this event . 
 `` hi michele . 
 i 'm jill . 
 i 'm in the show . '' 
 `` i know who you are , '' she says , and then she rests her palm against my arm and it 's a strange gesture . 
 but she tips her forehead to the stairs , suggesting we 're to head up to the second level . 
 i go along with her . 
 `` listen , i know how my brother feels about you . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i do n't have to act confused , because i am . 
 i 'm surprised he 'd talk to anyone . 
 `` you have to know that he 's the most important person in the world to me . 
 the last thing i want is for him to be hurt again . 
 so if you 're not serious about him , if this is some kind of career move , if you 're going to use him , then please , i 'm asking you woman to woman , to leave him now . '' 
 i feel like she just dropped from the sky , like she 's some sort of benevolent superhero , because there 's something kind in her voice . 
 kind , but determined . 
 `` i do n't know what to say . '' 
 `` if you care about my brother at all , please think seriously about what you 're doing , '' she implores me . 
 `` i do n't want him to go through that again . 
 he does n't do anything halfway , jill . 
 he does n't do his job halfway , and he does n't do relationships halfway . 
 he 's nothing or he 's all in . 
 so unless you 're there with him , unless you 're all in , please get out before you hurt him . '' 
 i glance over at davis and he 's still with madeline . 
 we 're too far away for me to guess at what they 're saying , but he 's not trying to get away from her , and he 's not looking for me . 
 `` i do n't want to hurt him . 
 i care about him . 
 but he 's with her right now . '' 
 michele narrows her eyes . 
 she looks like she 's about to bum rush madeline and tackle her from behind . 
 then a loud voice fills the room . 
 `` what an honor to be here tonight . '' 
 michele and i turn to the small stage to see jane black with a microphone in hand . 
 `` i 'm still waiting for my chance to star in a broadway musical , so any of you big name producers , just call me up . 
 nah , i 'm just kidding . 
 i 'm all about the singing , and tonight we have a very special song for tonight 's event . 
 have you all heard of this musical called once ? '' 
 the crowd cheers its answer , and michele claps half-heartedly too as she scans the room for her brother . 
 but he 's no longer with madeline , and my heart goes cold with the possibility that they could be alone together . 
 `` i thought you might have , '' jane continues . 
 `` would anyone want to hear tony award winning broadway star michael cerveris , who originated the role of tommy , sing a bit of `` falling slowly '' with me ? '' 
 the room erupts into a chorus of yeses . 
 `` well , you should all grab a girl , grab a guy , grab a friend , and dance . '' 
 then michael joins jane on stage . 
 he has a guitar slung around his chest , and begins plucking the first notes from the romantic song first made famous in the movie before it became a musical . 
 the notes pierce me , even in the midst of all this strangeness , of michele 's protective warnings , and madeline 's appearance out of nowhere and now two gorgeous voices stamp out all the confusion and i feel the music doing what it does . 
 touching me , even though i do n't want to be affected by anything right now . 
 as jane 's gorgeous voice fills the room , michael 's beautiful baritone layering into hers , i see davis walking toward me . 
 purposefully , deliberately , with a sly little grin on his fabulous face . 
 he walks up the steps and finds me with michele . 
 `` michele . 
 i 'm going to need to take jill away from you right now . '' 
 he turns to me and offers his hand . 
 `` dance with me . '' 
 he holds my gaze with his deep blue eyes and says it with such tenderness that i simply nod a yes . 
 he takes my hand , and pulls me away from his sister , and soon my hands are on his shoulders and his are on my waist . 
 `` are you enjoying yourself ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` why do you think ? 
 because of her . '' 
 `` it was about work . 
 the pinkertons are considering doing a movie of world enough and time and they approached me about directing , and they 're talking to madeline about reprising her role . '' 
 `` do you want to do it ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 that 's what madeline was asking about with me . 
 she was trying to convince me , but i 'm not entirely sure i want to go back to something i 've already worked on . '' 
 `` was she convincing ? '' 
 i ask and i ca n't hide the jealousy . 
 `` are you jealous ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i say , letting my irritation show . 
 i want him to know that i do n't like her being around . 
 he 's mine . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` why do you think ? '' 
 `` say it , jill . '' 
 i sigh heavily , then manage to get the words out . 
 `` because i do n't want anyone else to have you . 
 just like how you feel about me . '' 
 he lowers his voice more , his words only for me . 
 `` nobody else has me . 
 nobody else will . 
 nobody else can . '' 
 i close my eyes for a moment . 
 there are too many warring emotions in me , battling with each other . 
 `` your sister told me to stay away from you , '' i tell him , because i know he loves his sister , but i want to know too that he disagrees with her directive . 
 `` did she ? '' 
 i nod as we sway in a small circle . 
 `` are you going to stay away ? '' 
 `` it does n't seem that way , does it ? '' 
 `` do n't stay away , '' he says , his strong hand on my waist bringing me a bit closer to him . 
 `` i should ignore your sister ? '' 
 i ask , as if i 'm challenging him , because i am . 
 i do n't like all these women who have their hooks into him in different ways . 
 `` ignore her . '' 
 `` what about madeline ? '' 
 `` it 's just work . 
 i do n't feel anything for her anymore . 
 how could i ? '' 
 he says with such certainty , such confidence . 
 `` everything i feel is for you . '' 
 a heady feeling swoops through me , and i do n't know what it is . 
 it 's so different from how i felt about patrick for so long . 
 it feels like i 'm flying , and like i 'm being cut open at the same time . 
 as if i can feel all the good things and all the awful things at once . 
 i do n't know what 's going on , especially since he moves his hand from my waist to the open v on my back . 
 he does n't say anything , and my mouth is too dry to speak . 
 he strokes my back with his finger , sending shivers radiating across my skin . 
 `` you 're touching me , '' i say in a low voice , as jane and michael sing about falling so deeply you ca n't go back . 
 the song might as well have been written for me right now . 
 i ca n't go back to who i was . 
 i ca n't go back to my carefully constructed self . 
 but more than that , i do n't want to return to the jill i was before . 
 i have to be this new person who does n't have a mask or a costume to hide behind . 
 if i want to have the things on the other side , i have to start anew . 
 `` do you think everyone knows ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` knows what ? '' 
 `` how we feel . '' 
 `` how do you feel ? '' 
 `` i think you know , '' i say , and we have n't once looked away from each other . 
 the connection between us is so intense it 's like nothing else exists but us and this tiny little patch of the terrace room where we barely move our feet , and dancing is just a euphemism for being able to touch each other in public , even if it 's only a hand on a shoulder . 
 but that bit of contact with him makes me tipsy . 
 `` i think i 'd rather hear it from you . '' 
 `` davis , '' i say , but that 's all . 
 i ca n't get any more words out . 
 `` this song , '' he says and now there 's a touch of nerves in his voice . 
 but he pushes through them . 
 `` this song is for you . 
 i asked them to sing it for you . '' 
 and that 's when i know . 
 that 's when i feel it all through my body and my heart and my mind . 
 i feel everything . 
 like all the pieces that encased my pretending heart shear off and splinter to the ground , leaving me with only the real thing , because these words , this song about two people falling in love is all too true , and all too real , and there 's nothing fake about it , and nothing happening from afar . 
 it 's happening right here , to me , and i can barely even comprehend how i might feel when there are no more walls . 
 but i need him . 
 i need to be close to him . 
 i need to touch him . 
 `` i ca n't be on this dance floor with you right now . '' 
 i can hardly get air . 
 i 'm overcome with all these feelings crashing through my body . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` i need to be alone with you for a minute . '' 
 he places a hand on my lower back and guides me out of the terrace room , down the hall and to a nearby bathroom . 
 he opens the door , shuts it and locks it . 
 he looks me over like he wants to kiss me senseless from head to toe . 
 everything is electric between us as i wait in that sliver of a moment for him . 
 then he leans into me , pushes one strap off my shoulder and kisses my bare skin . 
 i am light-headed and woozy . 
 i want so much more , but even the slightest touch sends me into another world . 
 he rains hot shivery kisses all along my shoulder and to my neck , blazing a trail up to my ear . 
 `` are you finally going to put me out of my misery ? '' 
 i might be begging , but i do n't care . 
 i 'm beyond ready for him . 
 the question is-is he ready for me ? 
 his lips brush my earlobe , and i think he 's about to whisper a yes in my ear . 
 instead , he breaks the contact and pulls back to look at me , his dark eyes seeing me as i truly am . 
 as the woman who wants only him , and he finally knows it , and finally believes it . 
 he is as stripped bare as i am right now with this need we have for each other that 's become so consuming . 
 i am on edge , holding my breath for an answer . 
 `` yes . 
 tonight . '' 
 tonight . 
 it 's finally going to happen . 
 the possibility of being with him is terrifying and thrilling at the same time . 
 then we smash into each other and we kiss in a frenzy , as if we are claiming each other , marking this moment when everything is so completely clear between us . 
 his hands are on my face instantly , and his tongue is searching my lips , my mouth , and i ca n't get enough of him . 
 i want to crawl up him , and wrap my legs around him , and slam him into me . 
 instead , he pushes me against the wall , trapping me with his body , the way i like it . 
 `` i like it when you do that , '' i whisper . 
 `` i know . '' 
 he presses against me , and the feel of him is extraordinary . 
 even while standing , i love the pressure and weight of him . 
 he runs his hands from my neck down to my br ** sts , then he turns me around and i 'm looking at the mirror . 
 he kneels behind me , so i ca n't see him . 
 i tremble with anticipation , then i feel his breath along my calf , and he 's kissing his way up my leg , stopping to trace his tongue along the back of my knee in such a delicious way that sparks of heat shoot across my body . 
 now , he 's bunching up the fabric of my dress at my waist and he kisses my thigh . 
 he reaches my ass , and i cry out because everything he does feels so incredible , especially as he runs the tip of his tongue along one cheek , then flicks his tongue against my lace panties . 
 i bow my back , giving him better access for anything and everything . 
 `` whatever you 're doing feels amazing , '' i say in between broken breaths . 
 `` good . 
 that 's how it should feel . '' 
 then he stands , moves his hands to my hips , and yanks me against him . 
 i start to circle my h * ps without even being aware of it . 
 i want him so badly , and he knows it . 
 he knows what he does to me , and he enjoys it as he hooks his arm between my legs , his fingers touching me through my panties . 
 i shudder , and desire spreads through my whole body , as if every cell is comprised solely of the dark craving to be touched by him . 
 `` look at yourself , '' he says , grabbing my wrists and pinning them above my head . 
 i look at my reflection . 
 my face is flush , and my hair is wild , and my lips have that just-been-kissed look . 
 `` i look like i 've just been f ** ked , '' i say . 
 `` no . 
 that 's how you 'll look later tonight when this damn event is over , and i can take you out of here and finally have you the way i want , '' he says , and an image of later , of him inside me flashes by , making me hotter . 
 then he lowers his voice , `` and the way you want too . '' 
 `` i do . 
 i do want that , '' i say , breathless with my need for him . 
 `` now press your hands against the mirror because i want us both to watch you as you come , '' he tells me , and i do . 
 then , i hear him unzip his pants , and soon i can feel him press his erection against my backside . 
 god , he feels amazing , and reflexively i push back , trying desperately to lure him in for more contact . 
 `` please , '' i whimper . 
 `` jill , '' he says , tsk , tsking me . 
 `` i promise you , there will be plenty of time for that . 
 but i 'll give you an idea . '' 
 then , maybe just to tease me , he slides his c ** k between my legs , and i nearly scream . 
 it feels so good to have him against me , even for one brief moment , and i am absolutely aching to filled up by him . 
 but all he gives me is that-a taste , before he returns to that tantalizing way of holding me tight , his hard length against me , taunting me with what i want . 
 `` oh , jill . 
 the things i 'm going to do to you , '' he says , as if he 's simply musing on the topic . 
 `` what are you going to do to me ? '' 
 holding my wrists firmly in place , he dips his other hand inside my panties , and rubs his finger in dizzying circles against me . 
 `` i 'm going to spread you out on my bed and trail my tongue between your legs , and just when you reach down to grab my hair , i 'll flip you over on your front , and then bring your ass up in the air , and i 'm going to go down on you in that position . '' 
 no one has ever gone down on me like that . 
 no one has ever talked to me this way . 
 hell , no one has touched me this way . 
 but i want so badly to do all these things with him . 
 only with him . 
 i want to feel his talented tongue swirling against me . 
 i want to take him in my mouth and taste him when he comes . 
 i want to wrap my hands around him again and feel how hard he is . 
 my mind is racing with images of all we will do , and when he rubs his finger against me , it 's sweet agony . 
 i am burning all over him , my entire body a delicious ache . 
 `` and you 're going to squirm and raise your ass for me , as i run my tongue across all this f ** king fantastic wetness , '' he says and takes his time tracing lazy circles across my clit , until all of a sudden , he slides his finger hard inside me , crooking it , and reaching that spot where he starts to send me over the edge . 
 `` and you 'll grab the pillows hard in your hands , and push yourself back into me . '' 
 `` oh god . 
 i ca n't wait much longer . '' 
 `` it wo n't be much longer , '' he says . 
 `` now open your eyes , and watch in the mirror as i make you come . '' 
 i do as he says and my hair is a wanton tumble , my shoulders are rising and falling , and davis looks like he wants to consume me . 
 `` do you know what else i want to do to you ? '' 
 `` what else do you want to do ? '' 
 i ask him in the mirror , his reflection wild as he stares at me . 
 `` i want to be underneath you and pull you on top of me so i can taste you that way . 
 would you like that ? 
 would you like to be on top of me , f ** king my face ? '' 
 i ca n't form words any more . 
 all i can manage is a loud moan . 
 he strokes me harder , pushing me closer to the release , and all the while , he keeps whispering , a low , dirty growl that sends new shivers pulsating through me , as i race to the edge . 
 `` the next time you come , i 'm going to be inside you , '' he breathes , his strong arm locking me in place , his steel length pressed hard against my back . 
 `` filling you up , over and over , until you ca n't take any more . 
 i 'm going to f ** k you so deep and slow , that all of new york city will hear you call my name when you come undone . '' 
 that 's all it takes . 
 those words . 
 those dirty , sexy words he whispers to me , for me , about me , and i am lost in this haze of desire he 's unleashed in my body , as an orgasm careens through me , and i shudder violently against his hand . 
 i 'm about to scream , when he clasps his hand over my mouth to muffle my sounds . 
 `` you feel that ? '' 
 he demands as the waves of pleasure slowly start to fade away . 
 i manage a weak nod , because i am awash in the fog . 
 `` this is only the beginning , jill . '' 
 then he lets go of my wrists and i fall into his arms . 
 he catches me , spins me so i 'm facing him , then kisses me softly on the forehead . 
 `` do you have any idea how much i love making you come ? '' 
 `` i think i have a clue , '' i say , with a happy , woozy smile . 
 `` it is my favorite thing in the world . 
 i love how fearless you are . 
 i love how much you want it . 
 i love the way you let go when i touch you , '' he says , returning to a tender voice , his lover 's voice that melts me even more for him . 
 `` you should know by now i love everything about the way you touch me , '' i say , as i loop my arms around him . 
 `` i love the sounds you make , how you smell , the way your body responds to me , and , most of all , how you give yourself over to me . 
 but the reason i love all that is because i 'm so f ** king crazy about you . '' 
 then he stops , takes a beat , and becomes more serious . 
 `` jill , what am i going to do with you ? '' 
 `` i thought you just told me what you were going to do with me , '' i tease as i lay my head against his strong chest , and adjust my dress . 
 he cups my chin , so i have to look up at him . 
 `` no . 
 not that . 
 what am i going to do about the fact that i 'm not just falling for you , '' he says and his eyes never stray from mine . 
 they hold me tight , and i ca n't look away , nor do i want to . 
 `` i am so completely in love with you that i ca n't imagine ever being without you . '' 
 time stops in a second , and then it unwinds in a flash . 
 six years unspool behind me , and my blood goes cold . 
 it 's as if the floor is falling out from under me , and i 'm tumbling into the past , the past i 've tried to break free of . 
 those same words aaron said to me . 
 his last words . 
 i 'm barely even here anymore . 
 i 've been kicked back in time to the moment when i stopped feeling . 
 davis presses a finger to my lips . 
 `` i have to go back out there . 
 wait for me . 
 i 'll have the car meet us at the front in ten minutes and you 'll come home with me , okay ? '' 
 i nod , mutely , unable to speak , to move . 
 because i do n't want to be loved like that . 
 i do n't want to be loved madly , deeply , and most of all , i do n't want to be loved without reason . 
 because i know the outcome . 
 i know the end , and i 'm starting to shut down already . 
 he presses another kiss against my forehead but i 'm numb , blindsided by his words . 
 the exact same things aaron said before he killed himself . 
 over me . 
 chapter 20 davis she is nowhere to be seen . 
 she 's not waiting in the hallway . 
 she 's not in the terrace room , and i do n't see her in the palm court . 
 i bump into shelby as she 's heading back inside . 
 `` shelby , have you seen jill ? '' 
 `` she ran out of here five minutes ago . 
 she said she had a horrible headache and had to go . 
 and she asked me to let you know for some reason , '' shelby says , then shrugs as if she 's not entirely sure why jill would want to pass that message onto me . 
 `` thanks for letting me know , '' i say , wishing my heart were n't beating fast with worry . 
 but i already know jill 's done it . 
 the thing she said she would n't do . 
 run . 
 shelby returns to the terrace room , and i 'm alone in the hall briefly and i clench my fists then push my hand roughly through my hair . 
 `` fuck , '' i say under my breath , and turn toward the wall , wishing it were a punching bag and i could slam it several times . 
 i should have known better . 
 i should have known it would be too soon for her . 
 that she 'd need to take it slow . 
 but hell , i thought she was right there with me . 
 i could have sworn she was feeling the same things . 
 she nearly said as much when we danced . 
 i grab my phone from my pocket , but as i 'm about to call her , i spot my sister walking toward me , her head cocked to the side in question . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' i answer gruffly . 
 i do n't want to get it into with her , given how she tried to stage her intervention earlier . 
 she tilts her head to the side , her eyes demanding an answer . 
 `` she left , okay ? '' 
 i admit because michele would pry it out of me soon enough . 
 `` she left ? '' 
 her voice wavers . 
 `` yes . 
 and would you like to tell me why you told her to stay away ? '' 
 now she 's steely again as she places a hand on my arm . 
 `` you know why , and i do n't regret it . '' 
 i shrug off her hand , and stare hard into her eyes . 
 `` what . 
 did . 
 you . 
 tell . 
 her ? '' 
 her lips are pressed together , her jaw is set . 
 she is the most determined person i 've ever met . 
 `` i told her not to play with your heart , '' she says with a fierce protectiveness . 
 `` and what exactly does that mean ? '' 
 my entire body is tense , bracing for words i 'm sure i do n't want to hear . 
 `` you need to tell me exactly what you said . '' 
 she sighs heavily , as if this pains her as much as it pains me . 
 `` i told her if she was n't serious about you that she should leave . 
 that if she was making some kind of career move or using you that she should get out , '' she tells me , and it feels as if she reached her hands into my chest and grabbed my heart , and is squeezing it . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 there 's a vise around me . 
 i drop my face into my hands , shaking my head over and over . 
 `` no . 
 that 's not what you said . 
 please tell me that 's not what you said . '' 
 she wraps her arms around me , and whispers in a soft , caring voice . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . '' 
 but she 's not sorry for what she said . 
 she 's sorry for me . 
 and she should be , because she was right . 
 she was right when she warned me at our dinner . 
 because this is madeline all over again . 
 i knew better . 
 i f ** king knew how this would end , and i did it anyway , against all my better judgement . 
 i took a chance and chucked all my rules for jill . 
 and for what ? 
 to have her turn out to be like the last actress i fell for . 
 damn all the f ** king actresses in the world who love playing pretend more than anything . 
 who put their careers first . 
 who move onto the next job without even looking behind at the people they discard . 
 i thought jill was different , but really that was a stupid hope , because she did exactly what my sister asked her to do . 
 leave if she did n't feel the same . 
 i hate that i 'm standing here in this hotel with my sister hugging me , while the woman who does n't love me enough is gone . 
 i hate everything about this and i ca n't stand to be here another second . 
 `` i need to go . '' 
 `` i 'm coming with you , '' michele says . 
 and that seems fitting . 
 it 's been the two of us for the longest time , and we have to look out for each other . 
 because no one else will . 
 i turn off my phone on the way to car . 
 she 's not going to call anyway , so there 's no point in leaving it on . 
 the driver holds open the door and michele slides in first . 
 i follow , wishing my sister were n't the woman joining me as the driver pulls out into the late night traffic by the hotel . 
 i groan and bang my head several times against the back of the seat as i bite off a string of curse words . 
 `` this was n't how this evening was supposed to go , '' i mutter , loosening my bow tie as we drive down fifth avenue . 
 michele rubs her hand gently along my arm . 
 `` i know . 
 but this is for the best . 
 you know that , right ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` it 's better that it ended now than later , '' she continues , and i 'm reminded of why she 's good at her job as a shrink , because she knows what to say . 
 she knows what people need . 
 `` i know , '' i say with a heavy sigh . 
 `` why do n't we go somewhere and get a drink ? '' 
 `` i can not think of a better thing to do right now . 
 i need a whole f ** king bottle , in fact . '' 
 `` then a bottle it is . '' 
 she leans forward and gives the driver the address of a bar a few blocks away . 
 then to me , `` good thing i know all the best places in manhattan for drinking and eating . 
 this is the perfect spot to forget about a girl . 
 want me to call clay to join us ? '' 
 `` let 's make it a party , '' i say dryly , and she calls clay and tells him his presence is required . 
 soon we pull up to the last stand on lexington , and the name is apropos . 
 i toss my bow tie and jacket on the seat of the car , unbutton the top two buttons on my shirt and head inside with my sister . 
 the last stand is like a railroad apartment , long , narrow , and all bar . 
 there are no cozy booths for intimate encounters , or low-lit nooks where you 'd take someone you 'd want to touch under the table . 
 this watering hole has one purpose-to get smashed . 
 `` glenlivet ? '' 
 michele asks . 
 `` fuck glenlivet . 
 i 'll take a macallan tonight . '' 
 i do n't need anything to remind me of her . 
 clay joins us , and it feels right to be with these two people right now . 
 people i know , people i trust . 
 soon , i 've downed my third glass and my head is feeling fuzzy , and the vise around my heart is starting to loosen as we drink and talk about everything except show business . 
 at two in the morning , the bartender says it 's last call and far be it from me to deny the last stand another chance to pour another drink . 
 we finish off a final round , and stumble out into the middle of the night . 
 `` you guys take my car uptown . 
 i 'm going to take the subway . '' 
 michele raises an eyebrow . 
 `` in your state ? '' 
 `` the subway was made for times like this . '' 
 on the train , there 's a woman in a nurse 's uniform dozing off a few seats away , a hipster in a hoodie listening to music on his phone , and a skinny guy weaving down the car who 's probably had more drinks than me . 
 i slump down in my seat , the guy in the tux who spoke at the plaza , who dedicated a song to an actress . 
 who 's heading home well past midnight , in a lonely subway car . 
 * * * jill it 's better this way . 
 it 's better this way . 
 it 's better this way . 
 i repeat that all night long as i sleep fitfully . 
 i say it over and over in the morning as i run along the west side bike path . 
 i mutter it under my breath as i head over to central park . 
 this is who i am . 
 i am a girl who runs , and today some of the ladies i coach are running a half-marathon so i am here to cheer them on . 
 i blot out the fact that they did n't expect to see me at the finish line . 
 that i told them i had an event the night before but would be rooting for them from far away . 
 but this is where i should be because there 's no room in my life for anything more . 
 there 's no room in my heart for davis , or patrick , or anyone . 
 my fate was sealed long ago , and i 'm better off this way . 
 when i am alone i ca n't hurt someone again . 
 as the first of my gals cross the finish line , i raise an arm in the air and cheer wildly , as loud as i possibly can . 
 i jump up and down to prove how goddamn happy i am . 
 she sees me and smiles broadly . 
 `` you did it ! '' 
 she jogs over to me and collapses into my arms , and i hug her . 
 `` i 'm so happy for you , '' i say , because i am . 
 i am happy , i am happy , i am happy . 
 this is my life . 
 this is safe . 
 running . 
 but after they 've all crossed the finish line , and celebrated , and had their pictures taken , and high-fived each other , they disperse . 
 heading home to families . 
 heading elsewhere . 
 and i am where i 've always been . 
 alone , with this bruised and worn-out heart of mine . 
 i leave the park , and though i 'm tempted to walk past the plaza , what would be the point ? 
 i ca n't have him , i ca n't have us , and i ca n't bear the reminder so i walk down broadway , thinking that i could get lost in the theater district , that i could buy a ticket , catch a matinee , and let myself believe that the razzle dazzle of chicago or the underground lake in phantom could take all my cares away . 
 so i make a go of it . 
 i head for the scene of the crime and buy a nosebleed seat for the matinee of wicked at the gershwin theater and settle in to watch the witch fly across the stage and fall in love with the hot guy , but remain misunderstood even through the end . 
 for a few hours , i forget about the past . 
 but when the curtain rises and the actors take their bows , i am reminded that i 've been there , done that , and still have the empty space in my chest to prove that my tricks and techniques do n't always work . 
 i leave and wander downtown . 
 i check my phone once , but he has n't called , and he has n't texted . 
 not that i expected either . 
 he 's not a texter , and i do n't deserve a call . 
 i do n't deserve him . 
 there is nothing left to save me from what i did , and maybe tonight , maybe tomorrow i 'll man up and say i 'm sorry , but i wo n't be able to say anything more than that . 
 since i ca n't have him . 
 i return to my apartment . 
 it 's early evening now and kat is curled up on the couch watching you 've got mail , one of her favorite movies ever . 
 one she made me watch a year ago , and i fell in love with too . 
 `` bryan 's out of town for the weekend , '' she says , patting the couch . 
 `` come join me . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` i 'm tired . '' 
 she hits pause on the laptop , and eyes me up and down , taking in my fleece jacket and running pants . 
 it occurs to me that i went to the theater dressed like this . 
 it also occurs to me that i do n't care . 
 `` have you been running all day long ? '' 
 `` something like that . '' 
 `` hey , you do n't seem like yourself . 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 `` i do n't believe you , jill . 
 did something happen with davis at the gala last night ? '' 
 i flinch , but then turn stoic . 
 `` no . 
 nothing happened . 
 it was fine . 
 we had a fine time . 
 i 'm beat though . 
 i need to go nap . '' 
 i do n't nap . 
 i shower , put on pajama bottoms and a t-shirt , and settle into my room . 
 i read aaron 's last letter again and again , and i watch a video where the woman my brother loves shares her whole heart on tv . 
 and i wish i could find a way to be like her . 
 but that 's not a choice i have . 
 chapter 21 davis the punching bag swings wildly after my final hit . 
 i 've been pummeling it for the last hour , but as i unwrap my hands , zip up my sweatshirt , and leave the gym , i feel as if i 'm the one who 's been pummeled . 
 i 've somehow made it through the day though , and each one that follows will be easier . 
 i return to my loft , strip off my gym clothes and take a long , hot shower , washing away the remains of the day . 
 i pull on jeans and a casual button down , but do n't tuck it in , then find my phone and dial the nearby chinese takeout . 
 i place an order , but when i hang up something feels eerily familiar and i ca n't quite place it . 
 i furrow my brow , trying to pull the memory to the surface . 
 then it 's there as i flash back to a few nights ago . 
 when jill said chinese takeout was her favorite food . 
 when she also said she thought about us so much it scared her . 
 then i remember last night on the dance floor when she very nearly told me how she felt . 
 `` do you think everyone knows ? '' 
 `` knows what ? '' 
 `` how we feel . '' 
 those words echo loudly , clanging in my head , reverberating around my whole apartment . 
 like neon lights blaring on . 
 like a goddamn marquee in times square . 
 the sign that was in front of me the whole time , but i did n't see it until now . 
 we . 
 how we feel . 
 i rewind the night once more to be sure , replaying every moment with her , every word , every second . 
 then further , back to the diner when she told me she was n't going to spend time with patrick anymore , then to the restaurant when she told me about the last guy she was with . 
 how she hurt him . 
 i 've always sensed she 's hiding something , hiding her true self . 
 i 've always believed she wants to be seen , wants to be understood , wants to be known . 
 and now , twenty-four hours after she ran away from me , my gut is finally talking to me and it 's telling me loud and clear there 's something else going on . 
 i 've always known when she 's acting . 
 she was n't acting with me . 
 jill was n't using me , i was never a career move for her , and michele 's advice is n't the reason she took off last night . 
 when she bolted it was n't about me , or us , or what 's been happening over the last several weeks . 
 it was something that goes back much further for her . 
 it 's about her , and it 's about why she has n't been close to anyone in a long time . 
 whatever it is , i 'm not walking away without understanding her . 
 i reach for my wallet , slip on a pair of shoes and grab a jacket . 
 then i leave , and hail a cab . 
 on the way , i call the chinese takeout and cancel my order . 
 i do n't call jill because i do n't want to talk to her on the phone . 
 i want to see her in person . 
 soon , the taxi pulls up to her building in chelsea , and i 'm at the door in seconds , pressing the buzzer . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 it 's not jill 's voice . 
 `` hi . 
 i 'm looking for jill . 
 this is davis - '' but i do n't even finish . 
 i 'm already buzzed up as a voice calls out through the speaker , `` second floor . '' 
 i head up the concrete steps , my shoes echoing in the stairwell . 
 i reach the second floor , and i realize i do n't know the number of her apartment , but i do n't need it . 
 there 's a woman with light brown hair holding open a yellow door . 
 `` i 'm kat , '' she says and extends a hand , and it 's weird that we 're shaking hands at a time like this . 
 but formalities still exist even when the woman you love is running from the world . 
 `` davis milo , '' i say . 
 `` but you knew that , evidently . '' 
 `` i had a feeling you might be coming . 
 come in . '' 
 she ushers me inside and it 's strange to get a glimpse of jill 's life and where she lives , and immediately i survey the living room with its old beaten up couch , a coffee table with a silver laptop on it , several necklaces , and a vase of flowers . 
 there are framed posters on the wall of paris and a photograph of the first woman to run the boston marathon . 
 `` she 's kind of a wreck right now , '' kat adds , then gestures for me to follow her down the hall . 
 `` she did n't really feel like talking to me . 
 but i have a feeling she probably wants to see you . '' 
 i stop walking . 
 `` really ? '' 
 kat nods . 
 `` she likes you . 
 a lot . 
 and i 've never seen her like this . 
 she 's usually the happiest person in the world . '' 
 i nod , but say nothing . 
 because she can be the happiest person , and she can also be the saddest . 
 kat knocks on the door to jill 's room , and i wait , more nervous than i 've ever been . 
 because i do n't know what to expect . 
 `` come in . '' 
 her voice is empty , devoid of any emotion . 
 kat opens the door , lets me in , and closes it behind me , leaving us alone . 
 jill 's sitting cross-legged on her bed , wearing pajama bottoms and a t-shirt . 
 her hair is pulled into a high ponytail and her face is scrubbed free of makeup . 
 she 's clutching a letter in one hand and her phone in the other as she watches a video . 
 next to her on the red comforter is a brown box that 's been opened and looks to hold mementos , photos and letters . 
 `` you 're here , '' she says in a monotone . 
 `` i 'm here , '' i say , and i have no idea if she wants me to stay or to go . 
 `` my brother 's coming to town tomorrow , '' she says in the same dead voice . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 i lean against the closed door . 
 i have n't been invited in technically so i do n't want to sit next to her , even though all i want is to be with her . 
 she nods , staring at the screen on the phone . 
 `` have you seen this video ? '' 
 she does n't look up at me . 
 `` what 's the video ? '' 
 i ask , playing along , even though i really want to ask what the f ** k is wrong , and why she ran out , and when 's she going to tell me what the hell is going on in her head . 
 but the moment is a delicate one , and she 's not even truly present . 
 she 's someplace else , and i have to find a way to bring her back . 
 `` my brother . 
 well , his girlfriend . 
 she was on the helen show a couple months ago . '' 
 then she plays the video on the phone and i hear the talk show host saying in an affable , friendly voice , `` i ca n't imagine you 've had any trouble finding takers though . 
 so where do we stand in your quest ? 
 you 've been dating jp and craig and this guy chris , but we never saw the video from that date . 
 are you really going to go through with this ? 
 are you going to walk down the aisle ? '' 
 there 's silence from the woman in the green shirt sitting next to helen , so the host continues . 
 `` what i really want to say is can i help you pick out your dress ? 
 maybe help you get a tiara for your hair , a little princess crown or something ? 
 and maybe we can schedule your wedding to the trophy husband winner to air on tv too ? '' 
 jill stops the video , but she still does n't look at me . 
 `` they 're happy , '' she says in a barren voice . 
 `` he 's so happy with mckenna . 
 and reeve is with sutton . 
 and then , look at kat . 
 she 's so happy it 's like she has extra servings . '' 
 she lifts her eyes to me , and i 'm jolted . 
 i 've never seen her so heartbroken . 
 even in all the scenes she 's played where ava is bereft , she has never looked this ruined . 
 my heart pounds with the fear that i 've lost her . 
 that she 's completely slipping away . 
 still , i have to ask . 
 `` are you happy ? '' 
 i brace myself for whatever she might answer . 
 `` were you happy ? '' 
 she just shrugs , jutting up her shoulders . 
 then she tosses the phone on the cover of her bed and grips the letter tighter . 
 `` how can i be ? 
 i ca n't be happy . 
 i ca n't be happy because of this . 
 do n't you understand ? 
 do n't you get it ? 
 it 's not possible . 
 i ca n't have this , '' she says , gesturing from her to me , the look in her beautiful eyes so immensely sad . 
 this is n't the woman i know . 
 but this is the woman i fell in love with , and i want to do everything i can for her . 
 `` ca n't have what , jill ? '' 
 i take a tentative step toward her bed , and when she does n't recoil , i take another step , then sit down on the corner of her bed . 
 `` this . 
 you . 
 us . '' 
 she says each word like she 's biting off something bitter . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because i 'm damaged . 
 because i 'm broken . 
 because nothing good can come from being with me , '' she says , and now her voice is breaking , and tears well up in her eyes . 
 she thrusts the note at me . 
 `` do you want me to read it ? '' 
 i ask her , carefully . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i unfold the note , well-worn over the years with tattered edges , and thinning paper . 
 it 's a short note , on a sheet of lined notebook paper , written in blue ink with slanted , choppy handwriting . 
 dear jill , i guess i always knew i loved you more . 
 somehow , i knew i loved you more than you 'd ever love me . 
 but i learned to live with it . 
 i was ok with it just to be with this girl i was crazy about . 
 and then you broke my f ** king heart when you left me . 
 you just ripped me apart and for no good reason . 
 i do n't get it . 
 i 've tried everything to get you back , and all you do is tell me to leave you alone . 
 you tell me to stop calling , stop talking to you . 
 well , you 'll get what you want now . 
 you 'll get everything you ever wanted , and all i ever wanted was you . 
 i ca n't imagine being without you , but i am , so i 'll stop imagining . 
 i 'm outta here . 
 aaron in an instant , i understand everything about her . 
 jill nothing hurts anymore . 
 because i wo n't let it . 
 i ca n't let it . 
 i ca n't stand feeling . 
 but then he lays the letter on the bed and looks at me with such care in his eyes . 
 `` jill , '' he says , softly . 
 `` it 's not your fault . '' 
 `` it . 
 is . '' 
 i shout at him . 
 i push my hands into my hair , holding tight and hard to my scalp . 
 `` it is my fault . 
 it 's there . 
 in writing . 
 in black and white . 
 letters do n't lie . 
 i got this after the funeral . 
 one day later in the mail . 
 i had sat there in the cemetery , my brothers next to me , my parents there . 
 we all knew him . 
 he was my high school boyfriend , and he killed himself . 
 because of me . '' 
 `` it 's terrible , and it 's tragic , and i 'm so sorry he made that choice , and i 'm sorry for him , and for his family to have to live with that . 
 but you did n't cause it . '' 
 `` but i did ! 
 he said i did ! 
 i broke up with him three months before it happened . 
 because i did n't love him , '' i say , and hold my hands out wide , balling my fists in my frustration . 
 with myself . 
 `` that was the problem . 
 if i had loved him like he loved me , this would never have happened . 
 but i did n't feel the same things for him that he felt for me . 
 and i ended it , but he kept coming round , and he got crazier and needier , telling me he could n't live without me , and he would track me down after school , and he would find me after cross country . 
 and i kept pushing him away . 
 i even met him down at the bridge in prospect park to ask him to please stop . 
 but he would n't . 
 he kept showing up . 
 and he started freaking me out so i went to tell his parents . 
 i told them what he was doing , and the things he was saying , and how scared i was for him , '' i say , and there are potholes in my voice as i recount the story , the day i will never forget from the very beginning . 
 aaron had left me another note , and the tone had grown more desperate , ending with the line i do n't know what i have to do for you to love me again ... those words had sent a ripple of fear through me when i found the slip of paper in my locker in the morning . 
 my hands shook as i read the note , and my heart beat wildly out of control with worry , like a deer trying to cross a congested highway , not knowing which way to go . 
 the bell had rung for first period , but i stayed frozen in place , my mind racing with what to do next . 
 as the halls thinned , i turned on my heels and headed straight for the guidance counselor 's office . 
 because that 's what you 're taught to do . 
 say something . 
 but she was out sick that day , so i tried another option . 
 when he was at swim practice after school , i walked to his house , knocked with nervous fingers , took a terrified breath and then stepped inside when his parents answered the door . 
 i tried to explain what was going on . 
 but i did n't even truly know what was going on . 
 aaron had never threatened to take his life . 
 he 'd never hinted that he 'd had enough of this world . 
 but his behavior had grown so erratic , so confusing , that i had to let someone know about the notes , about the calls , about the desperate ways he kept trying to get my attention . 
 `` i 'm worried about him , '' i said in a small voice as i picked at the worn cuticles on my hand . 
 `` i do n't know what 's going on , but he does n't seem like himself . '' 
 his mom gave me a sympathetic smile , as if i were overreacting . 
 now , i look at davis , and he 's listening , patiently letting me tell the story . 
 `` and you know what they said when i told them that ? '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` no , what did they say ? '' 
 i take a deep breath , steeling myself . 
 i 've never said these words out loud . 
 they 've been buried so deep inside me i do n't know that i can exhume them because i 've never told anyone what i said to aaron 's parents . 
 that i warned them . 
 that i was terrified he was depressed and would do something to hurt himself . 
 that he needed help . 
 that he needed someone to talk to . 
 `` they said he was just a heartbroken teen . '' 
 i press my lips together trying to stem the tears that threaten to break . 
 the lump in my throat . 
 the stinging in my eyes . 
 `` that 's what they said . 
 that he was just still wrecked over me . 
 and that he 'd be fine . 
 and then , three days later , he took an overdose of pills . '' 
 `` oh , jill . 
 i 'm so sorry for your friend , '' he says , and he reaches across the bed , but does n't take my hand . 
 just rests his near mine . 
 all he wants is to comfort me , but i do n't deserve it . 
 i swipe a hand across my cheek . 
 `` he 's gone . 
 he 's gone because i did n't love him enough . '' 
 `` no , '' davis says firmly . 
 `` no . 
 that 's not why he 's gone . 
 he 's gone because he had an illness . 
 he 's gone because he needed help and he did n't get it . 
 he 's gone because there were other things at play in his head , and in his heart . 
 he 's not gone because of you . 
 you did everything you could . '' 
 `` but it was n't enough ! '' 
 i shout , and slam my fist into the bed . 
 then in a low voice , laced with pain . 
 `` it was n't enough . '' 
 he inches closer . 
 `` and it might not ever have been enough . 
 you might have knocked on their door every day . 
 you might have warned them every day . 
 and it still might have happened . 
 but you told them . 
 you did what you were supposed to do . 
 and i 'm not blaming them , no one 's to blame . 
 but you tried and they did n't see what was happening , and even if they did they might not have been able to stop it . 
 that 's the absolute f ** king tragedy of all of this . 
 that far too many people feel things only inside themselves , '' he says , and he taps on his chest to make his point . 
 `` and they do n't tell anyone . 
 they do n't share . 
 he was going through something awful in his head and his heart and he did n't know what to do . 
 and now you are . 
 and you 've been beating yourself up for years over this , have n't you ? '' 
 i sigh , a long , low keening sigh full of years of regret . 
 `` yes , '' i whisper . 
 `` but you have to let it go . 
 you have to move on . '' 
 he reaches for my hand , and i hate and i love that contact from him is what i need . 
 i hate it because i ca n't rely on anyone . 
 and i love it because i want to rely on him . 
 i let him take my hand and when he does , i do n't feel numb anymore . 
 i scoot forward and throw my arms around him , bury my head in his chest , and let all the unshed tears fall , until his shirt is streaked with my regret . 
 `` you have to forgive yourself , '' he whispers as he holds me tight , rocking me gently . 
 `` life is tragic . 
 i know that firsthand . 
 but things happen . 
 and this happened . 
 and all you can do is keep on living , because you did do everything you could . 
 and sometimes everything you can do still is n't enough , but that 's life . 
 and that 's death . 
 and that 's the way it is . '' 
 i squeeze my eyes shut , as if i can hold in the one thing that 's still gnawing away at my heart . 
 `` but what if i ca n't love you like that ? 
 what if i ca n't love you enough ? 
 what if it happens again ? '' 
 he places his fingers under my chin and makes me look at him . 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere , '' he says , the slightest trace of a smile on his face . 
 `` jill , when i said i ca n't imagine being without you , it 's a figure of speech . 
 it 's because i do n't want to be without you . 
 it 's not because i 'm going to kill myself if i ca n't . 
 i like myself too much . 
 trust me , i wo n't go quietly from this lifetime . 
 i will be kicking and screaming . 
 i will be fighting and working and loving until my last dying day . 
 i want you , and i want you to be mine . 
 but you have to know i only want you if i can have you , all of you . 
 i want your body , and i want your heart , and i want your mind , and i hope you feel the same , '' he says , then takes a beat to make sure i 'm still here , still listening . 
 i meet his gaze head on , and he keeps going . 
 `` but if you do n't , i will survive , and i will keep on living . 
 you do n't have to put me on a pedestal and love me from afar like you did with patrick so you would n't get hurt , and so you would n't hurt somebody , '' he says to me in the most tender gentle voice . 
 but one that cuts through all my defenses and walls . 
 one that understands deeply how i 've lived my life for six years . 
 i 've never told a soul why i thought i loved patrick , and yet he understands , because he knows me better than anyone ever has . 
 `` because we will hurt each other , and we will fight , and we will argue . 
 and sometimes it 'll be less than perfect . 
 but it 'll be real . 
 every second of it will be completely real . '' 
 real . 
 that word echoes in my mind , and in my body , and all the way through to my heart . 
 to my frozen , make believe heart that 's been on standstill for six long years . 
 that 's been protecting me , and saving me from the possibility of heartbreak , the possibility of pain . 
 but davis is right . 
 i did everything i could , and i ca n't keep punishing myself by living a life of make believe . 
 i might do it on stage , but i do n't want that when the curtain falls . 
 i want a real life , and real love , and real pain . 
 i fidget with the collar on his shirt then play with top button . 
 i am all nerves , but also determination , as i let go and place my hands on his cheeks , looking at him . 
 my throat feels dry and raspy , and no amount of acting , or singing , or running has ever prepared me for what i 'm about to say . 
 i 'm winging it , improvising and going completely off script , as i speak from the heart . 
 `` i think i 'm in love with you too , '' i whisper . 
 he plays with a strand of my hair as he raises an eyebrow . 
 `` you think ? '' 
 i nod , and manage a smile . 
 `` fine , '' i say in a faux begrudging voice . 
 `` i know . '' 
 then i wrap my arms around him and everything-every . 
 single . 
 thing.-about this moment hurts and feels right at the same time . 
 `` will you spend the night ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` but just to sleep . 
 that 's all i can do right now . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 i undo my ponytail as he takes off his shirt and jeans and leaves them on a chair in the corner of my room . 
 he 's wearing only snug black boxer briefs , and even though i 've been so ready to get him undressed , i 'm glad he is right now but for a different reason . 
 so i can feel the closeness with him , the connection between us with his warm body next to mine , skin against skin , as he joins me under the covers , holding me near all through the night . 
 chapter 22 jill `` i like your casual shirt , but you looked pretty good the other night in a tux too , '' i say as davis buttons his shirt the next morning . 
 `` i do n't think anyone has ever looked so good in a tux before . '' 
 `` because it 's tailored for me , '' he says with a sly smile . 
 i pretend to smack my forehead . 
 `` of course , '' i say and roll my eyes playfully . 
 `` of course you own a tux . '' 
 `` what ? 
 you think i 'd rent one ? '' 
 i shake my head and laugh . 
 `` god forbid . '' 
 i watch him as he tucks his shirt into his jeans . 
 `` i 'm really glad you came here last night . '' 
 he smiles softly . 
 `` me too . '' 
 `` i mean it , '' i say in a firm voice , as if i 'm giving a speech . 
 but one that comes straight from the heart . 
 `` i do n't know what i would have done without you . 
 i was lost . 
 i was totally lost , and i had no idea how much i needed you until you walked through my door . 
 i 'm so glad you found me . '' 
 `` you were n't that hard to find . 
 i knew your address , '' he says and cups my chin tenderly . 
 i shake my head , giving him a fierce stare , my eyes blazing . 
 `` i know , but that 's not what i mean . 
 what i mean is thank you for not giving up on me . '' 
 i grab his shirt and grip it tightly for emphasis . 
 `` thank you for knowing me better than i knew myself . 
 thank you for not letting me slip away . 
 because i am so in love with you . 
 i am so completely in love with you . '' 
 he pulls me close , and wraps me in his arms . 
 `` that 's why i did n't you let slip away . 
 because you 're worth it . 
 you 're worth everything to me . '' 
 then he bends down to kiss me on the forehead . 
 `` but i need to go . 
 i have a meeting . '' 
 `` on a sunday ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` yes . 
 amazingly , i still have to work on sundays . 
 my lawyer and i are meeting with some producers about doing twelfth night in london soon . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` they happen to like their shakespeare across the pond . '' 
 `` does that mean you 'll be leaving new york soon ? '' 
 i ask , and my heart 's beating faster now . 
 i do n't want him to leave when this is starting . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 that 's what the meeting is about . 
 but if i go to london , i 'll return , '' he says , and curves his hand around my neck . 
 `` i wo n't be able to stay away from you , jill . '' 
 i loop my arms around him . 
 `` i feel the same , but i still do n't want you to go . '' 
 `` would you rather i stay here and do the film ? '' 
 i sneer . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` maybe i 'll just do nothing then for a few months . 
 take some time off . 
 sit in the park and feed breadcrumbs to the pigeons . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` as if you could do nothing . '' 
 he buttons the second-to-last button on his white shirt . 
 he has one-day stubble on his jawline , and it 's so sexy . 
 i 've never seen him in the morning after he 's gone without shaving . 
 then i remember something i read in the trades about twelfth night . 
 `` hey , is n't that actress joyelle kristy supposed to be interested in doing the play ? 
 i saw her at the gala the other night . '' 
 `` i 'll find out in my meetings today . 
 when will i see you tonight ? 
 i believe we have unfinished business , '' he says , then kisses my neck and i shiver . 
 `` we do . 
 can i come over after i see my brother ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i run a hand through his hair . 
 `` can i ask you a question ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` this is kind of awkward , but i figured we should just get it out of the way . '' 
 `` why yes . 
 i do require the extra large condoms , '' he says . 
 i swat his arm playfully . 
 `` hey ! 
 how did you know what i was going to ask ? '' 
 `` lucky guess . '' 
 `` but it 's on that subject , '' i say tentatively at first , but then i just rip off the band-aid . 
 `` here 's the deal . 
 i have n't been with anyone in years , as you know . 
 and i 'm clean . 
 and i 'm also on the pill . 
 so what i 'm asking is - '' he answers quickly . 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm clean . 
 so are you saying ? '' 
 he lets his voice trail off . 
 i nod . 
 `` i do n't want any barriers . '' 
 he presses me against his body . 
 `` god , how am i going to get through these meetings today ? '' 
 * * * i fling a hand over my eyes dramatically when i walk into wendy 's diner and see chris . 
 `` do n't even tell me . 
 no . 
 do n't even tell me you are actually playing qbert on your phone . '' 
 my brother gives me a sheepish grin , tosses his phone onto the table and stands up to wrap me in a huge hug . 
 `` what can i say ? 
 i like qbert . 
 and i have to keep up my skills so i can always stay ahead of mckenna . '' 
 `` as if anyone can ever beat you in a game , '' i say , and then hug him back harder . 
 `` i miss you , you knucklehead . 
 why do you have to live so freaking far away ? '' 
 we pull apart , and i sit down across from him . 
 chris flashes me his signature smile , all gleaming white teeth and twinkling green eyes . 
 he shrugs . 
 `` i hate the cold . 
 speaking of , what the hell ? 
 how do you survive in this weather ? 
 it 's like thirty degrees out . '' 
 `` that 's nothing . 
 some days , it gets as cold as-gasp-five degrees . '' 
 he pretends to shiver . 
 `` brutal . 
 ca n't believe i ever lived here . '' 
 `` want pancakes ? '' 
 `` always . '' 
 we order , and spend the next thirty minutes catching up . 
 i learn that things are going so fabulously with mckenna that he 's even taught her dog to surf and he shows me a picture of the blond lab-husky mix riding a wave on a banana yellow surfboard . 
 `` damn . 
 and i thought it was impressive when you built that tree house when we were twelve . 
 but a surfing dog ? '' 
 `` i know , '' he jokes . 
 `` some days i amaze myself . '' 
 `` so how 's your woman ? '' 
 he blushes for a second or two , and i point a finger at him . 
 `` you still have n't gotten over that blushing thing you do ? '' 
 `` you do it too ! '' 
 `` yeah , but i 'm a girl . '' 
 `` do n't make me put you in a choke hold . '' 
 `` ha . 
 i learned how to get out of them like a ninja . '' 
 `` yeah , you learned from the best . 
 me . 
 anyway , she 's great . 
 i 'm crazy about her . '' 
 `` i 'm so glad you found her . '' 
 when we finish with breakfast , i take a deep breath . 
 i ca n't just tell davis all my secrets . 
 i have to be open with my family . 
 with my brother . 
 because i want to have the kind of relationship with him where i 'm not harboring lies and secrets . 
 `` there 's something i want to tell you . '' 
 then i tell him all the things i never said to him when i was seventeen . 
 his eyes widen with shock when he learns of the letter i received , then he drops his head into his hands when he hears that i kept it with me for years , in its own secret little chamber by my bed . 
 he wraps an arm around me as i share how i felt about myself for all that time . 
 he shakes his head over and over . 
 `` i wish i 'd known , jill . 
 i wish you 'd let me help you get through all that . '' 
 `` i know . 
 me too . '' 
 `` but i 'm here now . 
 for whatever you need . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` and i want to help you . 
 i was n't able to be there when you went through it , but i think there 's one more thing you need to do . 
 to finally put everything behind you . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` sort of like a memorial . 
 a ceremony . 
 a last goodbye . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he tosses some cash on the table and hands me my coat . 
 `` you need to get rid of that letter . 
 you need to stop holding on to it and set yourself free from the past . 
 set him free too , '' he says , softening his tone on the last words . 
 i balk at the idea initially , as i stand up and slide my arms into my jacket . 
 the letter is like a part of me ; it 's been my weight , my debt . 
 `` i do n't know , chris . '' 
 but he nods , resolute with this plan . 
 `` look , i know it seems scary . 
 but it sounds like it 's been haunting you . 
 you carried that letter , slept with it next to you . 
 we need to say goodbye to aaron and to all the guilt you carried around , okay ? '' 
 haunting me . 
 he 's right . 
 it has haunted me , and i know that this is how i can finally forgive myself . 
 * * * forty-five minutes later we are in our hometown , the borough of brooklyn , and chris is holding my hand as we walk across the cold grass in the cemetery where aaron was buried . 
 as the wind snaps cold air , i wrap my scarf tighter around my neck . 
 gravestones stretch far across the hills , row after row of markers , of memories . 
 we find aaron 's headstone , and i kneel down and trace the numbers of the year he died . 
 my chest tightens , and my throat hitches , remembering the good times . 
 i 'm glad to see a bouquet of lilies on the ground that must have been left here a few days ago . 
 from someone who still thinks of him . 
 still cares for him . 
 i add another bouquet , this time leaving forget-me-nots . 
 because i do n't want to forget him , and i do n't want him to be forgotten , despite everything that went wrong . 
 `` goodbye , aaron , '' i say , my heart heavy , but this time for the right reasons . 
 this time because i 'm not hiding how i 'm feeling . 
 rising , i reach into my purse , find the letter and hand it to my brother . 
 it feels like a strange part of me that i 'm giving up , but i know i need to let go of those words that i carried around for years like a chain . 
 just like i had to say goodbye to my ideal of patrick . 
 chris opens a matchbox we picked up at a nearby deli . 
 he flicks a match across the strip on the front , lighting it . 
 then he brings the small flame to the corner of the paper , and i watch , solemnly , as the paper curls into the orange light , turning black and becoming ash in my brother 's hand . 
 when the flame reaches the final slip of white , chris flicks his wrist , putting out the match . 
 then he dusts off the tiny bit of ash in his hands . 
 and i say a last goodbye to all that i held onto . 
 to all that i do n't need anymore . 
 * * * later that day , we 're in bryant park watching some young guys scooter around the library steps when chris turns to me . 
 `` so i have a favor to ask you now , '' he begins . 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` mckenna 's joining me here later this week , so we can see your show on opening night . 
 and this might be totally crazy and you can absolutely say no , but i have this idea of how i kinda want to ask her a big question . '' 
 he shares his plan and my eyes go wide , and i punch him . 
 but it 's a happy punch . 
 `` well , i happen to have an in with the director , '' i say . 
 `` let me see what i can do for you . '' 
 before we part , i reach into my purse and hand him a book . 
 `` i thought you might like this . '' 
 `` yes ! 
 the new carl hiassen . 
 awesome ! '' 
 i smile , knowing the book has found its proper home . 
 chapter 23 jill as the industrial elevator chugs upward , i watch the numbers on the dial trudge closer to his floor . 
 with a loud groan , the elevator settles onto the fifth floor , and i am so jumpy inside that i think my internal organs are conducting an impromptu musical chairs . 
 i 'm a mix of nerves and excitement as the doors open and i step into a brightly lit hallway with four doors . 
 each loft must have its own corner view . 
 i knock on his door and ten seconds later he opens it , and i catch my breath . 
 the ends of his hair are wet , as if he just stepped out of the shower , and he 's wearing a gray t-shirt that shows off his strong arms , and jeans that hang so delectably on his hips . 
 his feet are bare . 
 i 've never seen him dressed so casually before , and it 's yet another look i want to add to the portfolio in my mind of my beautiful man . 
 `` hi . '' 
 `` hi . '' 
 it 's only one word , only one syllable from him , but it is charged . 
 we are both combustible right now . 
 i quickly scan his loft with its hardwood floors , wide , open spaces , exposed brick walls and windows everywhere . 
 i want to explore every nook and cranny of his home , see what 's on the coffee table , and inside the fridge , but that can all wait , because he is all i want right now . 
 `` i 'm dying to see where you live , but i ca n't get past how hot you look right now , '' i say . 
 like i 'm operating only on instinct , my hands hone in on his midsection , and i inhale sharply when i feel the outlines of his abs beneath his tee-shirt . 
 i slide my hands under the cotton fabric , luxuriating in the feel of his firm stomach . 
 he cups my face in his hands , and gives me a quick kiss . 
 then he pulls back . 
 `` so , the master bath has two vanities , '' he says , as if he 's a realtor showing me around , then trails off , shutting the door behind us . 
 `` fuck tours . 
 i 'll show you around later . '' 
 `` i missed you today , '' i whisper . 
 `` you did ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` i had a great time with chris , but i really wanted to see you . '' 
 `` what am i going to do with this new you ? 
 this you who actually says what she feels ? '' 
 i freeze up for a moment . 
 `` do n't tell me it was all about the chase ? '' 
 he shakes his head , then corrects me . 
 `` it was all about the prize . 
 it was all about you . 
 i wanted you from the second you stepped onto my stage . 
 but i should be a gentleman and offer you a drink . '' 
 `` i do n't want a drink , '' i say , and i tip my forehead to the open doorway that leads to his bedroom . 
 `` as you wish , '' he says , hungrily , as he takes my hand and leads me into his bedroom . 
 though i 've barely taken a minute to notice any other surroundings , i sure as hell notice the king-size bed , white comforter and chrome frame , and the huge window that runs floor to ceiling . 
 i wish i could say i hope no one notices us , but i honestly do n't care who sees . 
 an ipod plays on the nightstand and i grin when i hear the music . 
 `` madness '' by muse . 
 `` did you time that song to be playing for the moment you got me in your bedroom ? '' 
 `` maybe i did , '' he says with a wink , and then stands back to rake his eyes over me , taking in my jeans and black sweater . 
 i know they wo n't be on me for long . 
 his eyes are darker as he drinks me in , and i watch him as he reacts to me , his breathing intensifying and i have n't even taken a thing off . 
 i do n't think i 'll ever stop enjoying the way he looks at me , the way his eyes sear into me and he memorizes me with his heated gaze . 
 i want that from him . 
 i want him to know every part of me by heart , and yet still want to discover me again and again . 
 and i know he wants that too . 
 `` i 'm kind of nervous , '' i admit in a soft voice , unsure where it 's coming from . 
 `` do n't be . 
 you 're with me . 
 i 'll always take care of you . '' 
 he steps forward , threading his fingers into my hair . 
 i close my eyes and lean into his hands , as he laces them through my long hair . 
 then he gives a quick gentle tug . 
 i open my eyes , and there 's that mischievous expression on his face . 
 `` you 're going to have those hands in my hair all night , are n't you ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to have my hands everywhere on you . '' 
 `` you already have . 
 i think it 's my turn to get my hands on you . '' 
 i grab the hem of his t-shirt and pull up . 
 he raises his arms , letting me take his shirt off . 
 sharp , hot tingles race through me as i run my palms over his toned shoulders , cut biceps , and his fabulous forearms that are strong from the workouts he does in his boxing gym . 
 he 's such a fascinating man to me-he works in the arts , and he works out with a punching bag . 
 i love the incongruities in him , how he can fit seamlessly in at an elegant reception and how he can hold his own in a rough and tumble world , too . 
 he draws in a deep breath and sighs as i traverse his muscles with my hands , learning how they feel , uncovering the ridges and hard planes of his body . 
 then my fingertips reach the waistband of his jeans , dancing around the edge , tapping out a fast rhythm of desire . 
 his breath quickens , he opens his eyes , grabs my h * ps hard , and slams me against him . 
 `` that 's enough playing around , jill . 
 i need to have you now . 
 i 've been a very patient man and have been waiting for you long enough . '' 
 his eyes flash feral and wild , alive with a masculine power that makes me want to be overtaken . 
 my body aches to be under him , to be filled by him . 
 he swivels me around , backs me up to the bed . 
 my knees hit the edge and i sink down . 
 he grabs the bottom of my sweater and yanks it off , then reaches around to unhook my bra in seconds flat . 
 he stares hungrily at my br ** sts and my ni ** les harden from how he looks at my body like he wants to taste and lick and touch every inch of me . 
 then his hands are on my br ** sts , kneading them , squeezing them . 
 he feathers his hands down my stomach , unzipping my jeans quickly and tugging them off as i kick off my short boots . 
 he places one hand on my belly , and pushes me down on the bed , then shakes his head appreciatively . 
 `` you on my bed . 
 this i have wanted since i met you . '' 
 `` really ? 
 did you think about this when i first sang for you ? '' 
 i scoot back and he climbs up , as if he 's prowling his way toward me . 
 i love the way he talks to me during sex , how he 's always telling me what he wants to do , and i ca n't resist going fishing for more of his sexy , dirty mouth . 
 because it 's yet another thing i 'd never expect from him . 
 and yet another thing i crave . 
 those filthy words from this classy man . 
 `` no , back when i saw you in les mis , i imagined you completely na ** d in my bed and coming for me . 
 let 's make that happen . '' 
 he tugs off my panties , and we 're still in this same uneven zone where i 'm undressed and he 's only halfway there , but hell if i care , as he presses his hands on the inside of my thighs , spreads my legs wide open , and brings his lips to where i 'm aching for him . 
 one kiss , one lick , and i am inside out with pleasure . 
 i arch my back , lifting my h * ps to his face , desperate , terribly desperate for more of him as he caresses me with his talented tongue . 
 his lips are so soft and his tongue draws the most delirious lines across me so that my vision goes blurry with the exquisite pleasure surging through my body . 
 i moan and pant and grab hard at his hair , and i can hear him groaning too as he tastes me , licks me , tortures me with that tongue that i want to feel all over me . 
 his hands grip my ass , and he tugs me even closer to his mouth , like he ca n't get enough of me , and it 's so intimate and intense the way he devours me . 
 i do n't need fingers this time , because with one more flick of his tongue against my throbbing center i am his , as the waves of pleasure ripple through me . 
 i call out his name many times over , and i swear i dig my nails into his skull as i come hard and fast . 
 he layers kisses on my belly and my hips , and my legs are still trembling from the aftershocks . 
 he travels up my body with his mouth , leaving a trail of kisses between my br ** sts and the hollow of my throat . 
 he has the most satisfied look on his face . 
 `` you 're like a drug to me . 
 i 'm not sure i 'll ever be able to get enough of my fix . 
 i 'm going to need more and more hits and even so i 'll only grow more addicted to you . '' 
 `` good . 
 i 'll be your enabler . 
 i want you to be hooked , '' i say , because i love these words , i love the reassurance . 
 then he stands , and i push up on my elbows , watching as he unbuttons his jeans . 
 my mouth is literally watering because i want him so badly . 
 i want to see him in all his na ** d glory , and i watch him strip as if i have a front row seat to the best show in the house as he takes off his jeans . 
 he 's wearing nothing but boxer briefs , and i crawl forward to the edge of the bed , kneel , and push them down . 
 his erection springs free , thick and hard and totally f ** king beautiful . 
 heat surges through me and i run my teeth over my lips as i roam my eyes over him . 
 strong legs , smooth stomach , all those hard lines , leading to the v that draws me back down to what i want most . 
 i take his c ** k in my hands , thrilled to be touching him without any limits now . 
 he groans and grabs my hand , gripping me tighter around him , moving my palm up and down on his hard length . 
 `` god , it feels so good to have you touching me , '' he says in a hot , hungry voice because he 's held out for so long . 
 his breathing shallows and he closes his eyes as he rocks into my hand . 
 i do n't want to stop touching him , but the need to have him inside of me is so intense . 
 `` i want you , '' i whisper as i let go of him in my hands so i can have him between my legs . 
 he inches me back on the bed , lowering himself onto me . 
 i feel him hard against my thigh , and then his hand is on the back of my leg , opening me up , making room as he settles between my legs . 
 holding his c ** k in one hand , he teases me with the head , rubbing himself against me , and i 'm going to lose my mind if he does n't slide inside of me now . 
 `` please . 
 i want you now , '' i pant . 
 `` oh , you 're going to have me . 
 you 're going to have all of me . '' 
 and then he sinks into me . 
 i inhale sharply as he fills me , and he stills . 
 `` does it hurt ? '' 
 he asks gently . 
 i nod against him , my hands around his strong , solid shoulders . 
 `` i 'm just not used to this , '' i admit . 
 `` i know . 
 i 'll be gentle . '' 
 `` you do n't like to be gentle . '' 
 `` i do with you . 
 i 'll be gentle , or i 'll be rough . 
 i 'll do it however you want or need . '' 
 `` i just need you . '' 
 then i breathe again , and he brings a hand down to my leg , hitching up my thigh and holding me in place like that , opening me up as he pulls back , then strokes into me again . 
 slow , gentle , gliding strokes . 
 filling me up , stretching me , and when he 's so far inside me he stops for a beat , brings his hand to my face and cups my chin , so i 'm looking at him , so i have to look deep into his beautiful blue eyes because that 's what he wants . 
 he wants to see all of me . 
 to connect with me . 
 to know me . 
 in all my fantasies , all my imaginary nights of pretending , i never really knew what i was missing . 
 i never understood how out-of-sync my make believe life was from this real life , this possibility , from this phenomenally real moment with this man who makes me feel everything , who wants me to feel loved , and cherished , and desired . 
 `` i know what you need right now , '' he says , and the moment is no longer suspended as he buries himself in me again , and my back bows , inviting him to take me further , to guide my body to wherever he wants it , because he alone has the keys . 
 `` what do i need right now ? '' 
 `` wrap your legs around my back as tight as you can . 
 i want to go deeper into you , and i 'm going to kiss your neck the way you want me to . 
 hard . '' 
 i do as he says , opening myself even further for him as he thrusts into me . 
 i hook my ankles around him , surrendering to him in that position , to however he wants to f ** k me , to make love to me , to bring me to the far edge of pleasure and back again . 
 he bends his head to my neck , kissing me there as he drives inside me again and again , and the feeling of completeness is so astonishing , that i 'm both here and i 'm lost in the waves of sensation that flood through my veins , as pleasure spins wildly inside me . 
 `` i have wanted you for so long . 
 for so f ** king long , and now i have you , and you are completely and absolutely mine , '' he says with a low growl that somehow makes me hotter , and i did n't think it was possible to feel any more desire than i do right now . 
 but then he thrusts into me again as he reaches his hands into my hair , fisting a handful and tugging , like he 's always wanted to . 
 i arch into him , letting him know i want more . 
 he kisses me hard and hungry , his teeth nearly piercing the flesh on my neck , and i cry out from the sensation . 
 it 's pleasure and just a touch of pain , but it 's a good pain . 
 it 's a pain that surges through me , and reminds me that i 'm alive , that i 'm here , that i 'm living every moment . 
 maybe that 's why he 's the one to bring me back to me . 
 because he never wanted a part of me . 
 he would n't take the half of me i was willing to give . 
 he wanted all of me , only all of me , and now he has it . 
 `` you have me . 
 you have all of me . 
 you 're the only one i want , '' i say as i thread my hands into his soft hair . 
 i know he knows this . 
 i know he feels it . 
 but i have to voice it . 
 i have to say all these things out loud that i feel for him , because i do n't want to keep anything hidden anymore . 
 i want the man i love to know that he 's the only one . 
 his body slides against mine , damp with perspiration , and i grab his shoulders , bringing him deeper , wanting all of him . 
 `` harder , '' i whisper . 
 he groans loudly in answer then pumps faster , rougher , and i wish there were a mirror so i could watch us as he moves inside of me , my legs spread and clasped around him , his beautiful body surging into me , touching me deeper than i 've ever felt . 
 the world around us dissolves , and this is all there is , this closeness , this far edge of ecstasy . 
 we are lost in each other , and there 's nowhere we 'd rather be . 
 `` you feel so good . 
 so warm and tight around me . 
 i love how hot you are for me . 
 and i f ** king love how there 's no one else but you and me , and i want to feel you coming while i 'm inside you , '' he says , and his words come out in a hot ragged rush , his breaths erratic , and the sounds thrill me . 
 the sounds i 've longed to hear . 
 his grunts and thrusts that tell me he 's getting close . 
 that he 's nearing the same place he 's brought me to so many times over . 
 `` i want to know what you sound like . 
 i want to know what you look like when you come , '' i tell him , as i wrap my legs tighter around his ass , so divinely sculpted , and he drives into me , sending me near the edge once again . 
 he breathes out , hard . 
 `` i need you to come again . 
 i need to feel you coming on me . 
 i need it now . '' 
 i look at him , his eyes open and wild , his lips parted , his breath hard and fast and i 'm there in an instant , i 'm shattering beneath him once again , writhing and bucking my h * ps and pulling him deeper with an orgasm that tears through me , and it 's all the more intense , because he 's coming apart with me . 
 at last . 
 davis we sleep well , but not much . 
 i wake up in the middle of the night , needing more of her and i pull her against me , spooning her . 
 she sighs sleepily at first , then wakes up , and brings my hand to her br ** sts and wriggles her backside against me . 
 `` let 's go again , '' she says , and i am only too happy to oblige as i slide into her , her hot flesh surrounding me . 
 we make love like that , slow and unhurried , and i have plenty of access to her br ** sts and her belly as she hooks her leg around my thigh , giving me more room to sink into her , in the dark of the night , all of manhattan sleeping and we 're the only ones awake . 
 she moves languidly , wrapping her arm around my neck as i rock into her , and soon her voice is rising , and she 's moaning and gasping and crying out , and i will never tire of making her come . 
 `` your turn , '' she says seductively as she shifts onto her stomach and raises her ass . 
 `` my favorite position . 
 how did you know ? '' 
 i say , then grab her h * ps and plunge inside of her , enjoying the view-the curve of her ass , the length of her back , her body underneath me , as we finish yet another round . 
 in the morning i make a quick breakfast of eggs and toast , and then we have to get ready because there are only four days left before opening night . 
 `` i brought a change of clothes . 
 i should probably go shower and get ready , '' she says . 
 i look at her as if that 's the craziest idea in the world . 
 `` no . 
 i do n't think that will happen . '' 
 she tosses me a curious look . 
 `` i 'm not allowed to shower here ? '' 
 `` you 're not allowed to shower without me . '' 
 i take her into the beige tiled bathroom , and there 's room for two . 
 as the steam fills the shower , i rinse the shampoo out of my hair . 
 then , i feel something absolutely fantastic as jill 's hands run down my chest , my legs , and then she 's kneeling , taking me in her mouth , her beautiful lips surrounding me . 
 i look down , and groan because there is no hotter sight in the entire world than this . 
 i watch her lips move , and i want to finish this . 
 but i want her too , so i pull her off , grab her h * ps and lift her up and against the shower wall , then bring her down hard on me and move inside her fast , furiously , as she grapples with my hair , my shoulders , my back until she comes apart , and i do the same . 
 then , we go to work . 
 chapter 24 davis `` this is awful . 
 it 's all terribly awful . 
 it 's the worst mess i 've ever seen . '' 
 alexis stomps her high-heeled foot dramatically down on the floorboards , decked out in ava 's costume for our final dress rehearsal . 
 `` it 's not , '' i assure her . 
 `` it 's great . 
 it will all be great , '' i tell her , doing everything i can to keep my cool as she throws her patented dress rehearsal fit . 
 `` no , it 'll be a disaster , '' she whines , pursing her lips into a pout as if she 's going to force herself to cry . 
 `` it 'll close in eight days . '' 
 `` do n't say that . 
 do n't ever say that , '' i say , as if i 'm talking to a petulant child , but one i need to encourage because that 's the only way to end this sort of tantrum , since she 's now flung herself dramatically onto the steps that lead up to her dressing room . 
 `` it 's going to be fantastic . 
 now , come on and let 's do the final number . '' 
 her head hangs between her legs in the most woeful pose . 
 i offer her a hand . 
 `` you can do this , alexis . '' 
 she shakes her head and heaves her shoulders . 
 `` i need a minute alone . '' 
 she retreats up the stairs to her private dressing room , slams the door and stalls the rehearsal for a full ten minutes as she 's locked in there , the rest of the cast waiting for her to deign to return . 
 shannon gives me a wide-eyed look and taps her watch as if to say tick tock . 
 i sigh heavily , then march up the steps and knock on the door . 
 `` alexis , we need to finish up . 
 i know you can do this . 
 i have absolute faith in you . '' 
 she opens the door and peeks out , and in a meek voice she says , `` you do ? '' 
 `` yes , you 're alexis f ** king carbone , for god 's sake . 
 everyone loves you . 
 now let 's finish the rehearsal . '' 
 i offer her a hand , but instead she flings her arms around me , clasping me tight . 
 `` thank you . 
 thank you for believing in me , davis . '' 
 she lets go and flashes me a smile , and as she does i can smell whiskey on her breath . 
 i roll my eyes when she looks away . 
 she heads down the steps holding the railing , descending as if she 's some southern belle at a debutante ball , waving to the cast on stage waiting for her . 
 then the heel of her shoe hooks into the metal on one of the steps , and in an instant her leg is bent , and she 's grabbing at the railing , but missing as she tumbles in a wild mess down the stairs . 
 the entire theater turns starkly silent for one brief moment , then the quiet is broken with a deafening wail that rings through the house . 
 i rush down the steps and shannon races to alexis as the star of the show clutches her knee , shrieking . 
 an hour later , shannon calls me from the hospital to tell me alexis has a torn acl and will be on crutches for four to six weeks , and out of commission for even longer . 
 i find jill in her dressing room , chatting with shelby and looking at photos on their phones . 
 i do n't smile , i do n't laugh . 
 i 'm not glad that alexis is hurt . 
 but , it feels a bit like payback , and a lot like karma for alexis . 
 i rap my knuckles against the doorframe . 
 jill looks up . 
 `` it appears you 'll be opening the show , and starring in it , too , for the foreseeable future . '' 
 her eyes go as wide as saucers , and she tries to hold back her glee with little success as i tell her what happened . 
 `` is she going to be okay ? '' 
 she asks , and i 'm proud of jill for having the common decency to ask . 
 `` she 'll be fine in time . 
 as for now , the show must go on . '' 
 jill i can barely eat the next day , i am so aflutter with nerves . 
 but i force myself to finish off a piece of toast , and kat brews me tea . 
 `` i believe it 's the drink of choice for all the superstar sopranos , '' kat says as she hands me a mug . 
 i take a deep breath , and it 's probably the fiftieth or the five hundredth i 've had to stop and take today to quell the butterflies . 
 i always knew it was a possibility that i might go on , but i figured it would be a night here , a night there . 
 not opening night . 
 i drink the tea then grab my purse and head for the door . 
 `` see you after the show ? 
 you 'll come backstage , right ? '' 
 `` like i would miss it for anything . '' 
 she rolls her eyes . 
 `` get out of here . 
 and i 'd tell you to break a leg , but somehow i do n't think that 's the right thing to say at the moment . '' 
 i reach for the door handle , then stop , and turn back . 
 `` kat ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` i love you . 
 i just wanted to say it . '' 
 `` i know , silly . 
 i love you too . 
 i 'll be in the third row , and i will be your biggest fan . '' 
 `` bye . '' 
 then i leave and i take the subway , because i always imagined when i went to work in my first starring role that i 'd take the subway , i 'd emerge from the new york underground into the neon and lights and noise in times square , and i 'd walk purposefully to the theater , head backstage , get into costume and do a few quick warm-up vocals . 
 so that 's what i do . 
 as shelby and i run through our exercises i am jittery , i am jumpy , but i am also confident . 
 i 've been ready for this since before we even started rehearsals . 
 i know ava , i know this show inside and out . 
 i do n't take over alexis ' dressing room because that would seem a bit rude . 
 i stay with my chorus girls , because i am still a chorus girl . 
 i 'm just the lucky one who gets to swoop in at the last minute . 
 at six forty-five , davis comes by to wish us good luck . 
 he is business-like and professional , and that 's what i would expect . 
 `` you 're all going to be great , '' he says to the group of us , and then tips his forehead to me , then the hallway . 
 i stand up , and join him in the hall . 
 `` do you remember what i said the first night i rehearsed you ? 
 how i wanted you to be able to blow the audience away ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` i remember everything about that night . '' 
 a smile plays on his lips . 
 `` me too , '' he says in a sexy voice then he returns to his directorial one . 
 `` i told you i wanted them to melt for you . 
 to fall for you . '' 
 i nod , eager to hear what 's next . 
 he leans into me , brushes his lips on my forehead . 
 `` you 've got this , jill . 
 they will . 
 they will fall for you . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i say , feeling warm and glowy from both the kiss and the praise . 
 `` i 'll see you after . 
 we 'll go celebrate . '' 
 `` of course . 
 but you might have to come to the cast party because , you know , '' i say teasing him , `` i got ta hang with my actor peeps . '' 
 `` i would be honored . '' 
 then he heads down the hall on his way to find patrick and give him a pep talk . 
 a few minutes later shannon knocks on the door to tell me my brother is here . 
 even though i saw chris a few days ago , i still jump into his arms . 
 `` hey , little sis . '' 
 `` hey , big pain in the ass . 
 then i turn to meet mckenna and she 's so pretty and has the coolest dress on-a rockabilly number with dog prints on it . 
 `` i 've only seen you in your helen video . 
 i ca n't believe i 'm finally meeting you . 
 you 're even hotter in person . '' 
 she blushes . 
 `` stop that . '' 
 `` no , seriously . 
 i ca n't believe my brother snagged a total babe . 
 how did you trick her , chris ? '' 
 i say , teasing him . 
 then i lower my voice and whisper to the woman i 'm pretty damn sure is about to become my sister in law-to-be in a few minutes . 
 `` i 'm so glad he found you . 
 he 's mad about you . '' 
 `` the feeling is completely mutual . '' 
 i offer to show them the stage , because that 's all part of the plan chris and i drummed up in bryant park . 
 then i smack my forehead . 
 `` i forgot something in my dressing room . 
 i 'll be right back . '' 
 i head for the wings , but i ca n't resist watching chris get down on one knee to propose , and it makes my heart soar when she says yes . 
 i want to clap and cheer and run over to them . 
 but it 's their moment , so i let them have it , even as i grin like a crazy person from my private little hideout spot . 
 `` okay , let 's clear the stage now , '' shannon says . 
 they walk off stage , holding hands , with mckenna giving chris kisses all over his cheeks as they go . 
 `` you guys are the best , '' i say , and give them both huge hugs before they head for the lobby . 
 i return to the dressing room , where i touch up my makeup , making my mascara pop even more , and then applying lipstick and lip liner . 
 shelby smooths out my hair for the first scene , pulling it back into a simple ponytail and spraying it . 
 `` i ca n't resist being the hair stylist , '' she says happily . 
 `` i love it , '' i tell her . 
 then all of the chorus girls in the dressing room do a few quick yoga stretches to loosen up . 
 when we 're done , shelby grabs my arm as if she forgot something . 
 `` we need to go say hello to the ghost , '' shelby says excitedly . 
 `` you 're right ! 
 we have to . '' 
 we rush down the red-carpeted hall , pop backstage and wave grandly to the pretend ghost of hammerstein in the balcony , since he 's only here on opening night . 
 i peek at the audience members filing into the theater , thrilling at the sight of them taking their seats , opening their playbills and seeing my name in the white slip of paper that was inserted into the programs tonight . 
 at tonight 's performance , the role of ava will be played by jill mccormick . 
 i take my place in the wings . 
 shelby grabs my hand hard and squeezes it . 
 `` you 're going to be great , '' she whispers . 
 i nod a quick thanks and when the overture fades , i make my entrance to the stage in front of the packed house at the st. james theater for my first performance ever in a broadway show . 
 it is electrifying . 
 i spend the next two and a half hours singing and acting and crying and fighting and kissing and falling in love with paolo . 
 because that 's who patrick is to me . 
 i leave myself behind , but this time it 's as it should be . 
 this is when i can forget who i am and become someone else . 
 because this kind of pretending is what feeds my heart and my soul as i become this broken down character who somehow finds a way through her pain and loneliness to the other side . 
 when we sing the final lines in the final song , and then fall into each other 's arm for a last staged kiss , i feel as if i am flying . 
 this is the highest high , and the purest joy i 've ever felt-performing and doing what i love with my whole heart . 
 the curtain falls , and patrick grabs me for a bear hug . 
 it is a friendly , affable embrace , and then he high fives me . 
 `` i knew we would be great together on stage , '' he declares with a fist pump . 
 `` it was amazing , '' i say with a grin as wide as the sky , and maybe that 's how patrick and i were meant to be together-as actors , playing parts , and making the audience believe . 
 perhaps , that was always what was in the cards for the two of us . 
 he rushes off to stage left , i head to stage right , and we wait in the wings . 
 i am still riding on the adrenaline and i probably will be for years , as the audience starts cheering and clapping when the curtain rises again . 
 the chorus members rush out to take their bows . 
 then the supporting actors and featured stars make their way , one by one , to the front of the stage . 
 the notes to our signature song flood the theater and i beam at patrick as we rush out and meet in the middle . 
 he grasps my hand , and we head to the front of the stage and take our bows together . 
 in the audience , i see chris and mckenna , kat and bryan , reeve and sutton , and i wave to them all . 
 the cast links hands together for one more bow as the cheering grows even louder , and we gesture to the orchestra in the pit who played the beautiful score . 
 finally , the curtain falls , and i am overcome with emotion . 
 fat tears slide down my cheeks , but they do n't last long when shelby jumps in my arms . 
 `` you were absolutely amazing ! 
 you broke your broadway cherry ! 
 and you did it in a big way ! '' 
 she says , and i stop crying tears of happiness because now i am laughing . 
 we return to our dressing room , and i 'm still floating on this magic carpet ride of the most amazing night of my life as i change out of my costume , pull on jeans and a sweater , and sweep my hair into a loose ponytail . 
 my friends all stop by for congratulations , and then it 's time to hang with the cast . 
 `` ready for zane 's ? '' 
 `` yeah , let me meet you there , '' i tell shelby , then pop out of the dressing room to look for davis . 
 i head down the hallway , but i do n't see him anywhere , and even when i peek at the empty stage he 's nowhere to be found . 
 i hunt around more , and finally i leave the stage when i see a handful of people lingering in the now empty seats . 
 there 's davis ' lawyer , clay , as well as a man in a sharp suit and a woman in black slacks . 
 they look cool and business-like , and davis is holding court with them . 
 he 's leaning against one of the chairs in the front row , his long legs stretched out as they chat . 
 they must be the twelfth night producers , and there 's a part of me that kind of likes watching him , unseen , as he conducts business and is wooed by the financiers of the theater world who want his talent , his vision , his eye . 
 my lips curve into a grin-that 's my man over there , and everyone wants a piece of him , but i get to have him . 
 a woman walks down the aisle , and i tense . 
 the last time i saw her was at the gala . 
 only it 's not madeline . 
 it 's joyelle kristy , the actress who was interested in twelfth night . 
 she joins the crew , and i tell myself not to be jealous because this is his job , and he will work with many beautiful people over the years , just like my job is sometimes to kiss men on stage and i did that tonight . 
 but she smiles at him , and it 's so unlike the way madeline looked at him . 
 madeline was all distance , but joyelle has this happy , buoyant vibe around her that i almost ca n't quite put my finger on . 
 then , it hits me . 
 she looks like me when i first learned i was cast . 
 like me , she 's throwing her arms around davis , gripping him in a huge hug , and he responds by hugging her back and smiling . 
 i step back , nearly stumbling . 
 that 's how he treated me outside sardi 's . 
 he 's interacting the exact same way , and seeing the two of them unleashes a new feeling in me , a foreign feeling . 
 something i have n't felt before because i have n't loved like this . 
 the fear of us unraveling . 
 he sees me in the corner of the theater , untangles himself from joyelle , and gestures to them that he 'll be right back . 
 `` you were breathtaking , '' he says when he reaches me . 
 `` thank you . 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 `` the twelfth night producers are here . '' 
 i nod a few times , trying to prepare myself for what i know is coming . 
 him leaving . 
 `` so you 're taking the job in london ? '' 
 `` yeah , i am . 
 but you knew i was leaning towards it . '' 
 `` and joyelle ? 
 is she viola ? '' 
 i ask , my body flooding with worry that this most wonderful thing could fall apart when a new leading lady walks onto his stage . 
 `` hey , '' he says running his thumb along my jawline . 
 `` she 's just happy she was cast . '' 
 `` right , '' i say with a nod . 
 just happy she was cast . 
 like i was , and i can see it all unfolding again . 
 he 'll be in london , away from me and working with her . 
 she 'll have late nights with him . 
 she 'll have private rehearsals with him . 
 `` i better let you finish your meeting , '' i say , as my heart starts to race at a frantic pace , like it 's trying to escape from my chest . 
 `` i 'll see you at zane 's . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i reply , but i feel completely unmoored as he walks away and rejoins the people he 'll be working with next as he moves on from me . 
 all along , i thought i 'd be the one to hurt someone . 
 i 'd avoided relationships for that reason . 
 but davis has my heart , i 've given him my most valuable possession , and now he can hurt me too . 
 i grab my coat and leave the theater , the heavy stage door clanging shut behind me . 
 i button my coat , and head out to forty-fourth street , and am shocked when there are audience members waiting for me , asking me to sign their playbills . 
 it 's thrilling , and i sign several and pose for a few photos too , but inside i am awash in stupid worry . 
 that doubt escalates as i flash back to all the days and nights we spent together . 
 to all the things he said . 
 to how he plays actors like instruments to get the performance he wants . 
 from patrick to alexis to me , he knows all the right notes to hit , and he plucks them perfectly , creating the masterpiece he wants from the tools we give him . 
 ourselves . 
 memories collide with each other . 
 davis telling alexis she was his first choice . 
 davis coddling patrick with niceties . 
 davis working me over , bit by bit , night after night to get me to be his best ava . 
 he knew what alexis was like . 
 he might not have known she 'd break a leg , but he knew i 'd have to go on , and he made sure i was ready . 
 then it hits me , like a punch in the gut . 
 the way he talked to me that night at the studio-do you sing to the wall , do you sing to the floor-it 's no different than how he dirty talked to me in the restaurant the night i got off for him . 
 i lean against the wall of a nearby apartment building and wrap my arms around myself , as if that can somehow protect me from all these images smashing into my brain and pricking at my heart . 
 i can see him and joyelle in london , alone in the theater after hours , rehearsing , running lines , digging deep for emotion , connection , passion . 
 i know far too well how easy it is to get swept up . 
 it happened to me . 
 it happened to him . 
 it happened as he turned me into ava . 
 all along i never saw that my relationship with him mirrored paolo 's and ava 's . 
 but he broke me down to get the best performance from me , as paolo does to ava . 
 as davis will do to joyelle . 
 the young , gorgeous , talented actress who is next in his employ , and i ca n't stand the thought of losing him to her . 
 to anyone . 
 i start walking again , but i 'm wrung dry and worn out , and as i enter zane 's i want so desperately to recapture the way i felt many minutes ago on stage , as well as the way i felt all the days before . 
 but it 's hard to grasp onto what 's real because now i 'm sick with worry that the one real thing could slip from my fingers . 
 that he could be far away from me and forget all that we shared . 
 inside zane 's , i do what i 've always done . 
 what i 'm used to . 
 i shuck off the past . 
 i ignore all the things that hurt , that do n't make sense , that i do n't know how to deal with , as i grab a beer and join shelby and the others in round after round of endless opening night toasts . 
 as the minutes turn into an hour and he still does n't arrive , my heart is a brick inside my chest , and i wish i could rip it out , and replace it with a mechanical one , because i think i 'd be better off that way . 
 better off like i used to be . 
 then , like i 've been slapped stupid , i pick myself up . 
 because i was n't better off . 
 i was acting all the time . 
 i was living a life of pretend . 
 but then he came around , and with him there was never any faking , there was never any make believe . 
 i rewind to the night in my bedroom when he listened to me , and he helped me , and he saw me through . 
 i flash back to the direction he gave me at our first private rehearsal : `` but then she transforms . 
 love changes her . 
 love without bounds . 
 love without reason . 
 she becomes his , and that changes her . '' 
 how i loved the sentiment , how i felt it ring true in every cell in my body , how i longed for it to take shape in my life . 
 i can picture the next scene , i can hear the music swelling , the orchestra growing louder , because this is the moment in the show when the heroine has to face all her fears . 
 for better or for worse , i need to know . 
 i grab my coat , my purse , and leave zane 's . 
 i wo n't sit here and mope , and i definitely wo n't walk away from this man without trying to protect what 's mine with every ounce of my heart and soul . 
 davis the meeting is taking forever , and i am antsy and eager to leave . 
 but clay has made it clear that the producers-tamara and carter shey-like a casual , family atmosphere . 
 they want a director to be involved , to chitchat , to engage in long , deep discussions about shakespeare . 
 so i hold my own , sharing some of my vision for twelfth night , and how i want to bring a new take to one of the bard 's most popular plays . 
 joyelle is enrapt in my ideas , and at one point , she even bats her eyes and casts me a huge beaming grin that seems a bit too adoring at this point . 
 or really , at any point . 
 i look at my watch , and they realize it 's nearing midnight . 
 `` i 'm so sorry we 've kept you so long , but we 're thrilled to have you on board , '' tamara says , and shakes my hand . 
 `` there 's one thing i 'm going to need though to make this final , '' i say , then nod to clay . 
 `` he 'll let you know what it is because i need to go . '' 
 i clap clay on the back , and leave it up to him to work out the most important detail of my contract . 
 i say goodbye to the others , grab my jacket , and head down the alley . 
 if i know jill , she 's already starting to worry . 
 i 'll have to work on that with her , to reassure her that things do n't always unravel . 
 that things can keep getting better . 
 but i do n't have to go to zane 's , because she 's walking toward me , marching right up to me . 
 she has the most determined take-no-prisoners look on her face , and her blue eyes are fixed on me . 
 she stops inches from me , reaches for the neck of my shirt , grabbing the fabric . 
 it 's not an angry gesture , but a pleading one , matched by her voice when she speaks . 
 `` please tell me you 're not going to fall for joyelle , '' she says . 
 i laugh once , shake my head , and clasp my hand over hers , pulling her closer . 
 `` tell me , '' she says again , insisting . 
 `` i 'm not . 
 that 's not even remotely possible . '' 
 `` tell me why , '' she demands . 
 `` because of you , '' i say simply . 
 the answer is patently clear to me . 
 `` i need to know you 're not going to fall for her . 
 i need to know that if you work late with her , help her become a better viola , you 're only going to think of me , '' she says , and i ca n't help but grin . 
 she points at me , accusingly . 
 `` why are you smiling ? '' 
 `` because i love your jealous , possessive side . 
 it 's completely endearing . '' 
 she narrows her eyes at me . 
 `` you have n't answered the question . 
 are you going to fall for your viola ? '' 
 i shake my head , and curve a hand around her neck . 
 `` it 's impossible . '' 
 she leans into me , and her voice softens . 
 `` tell me , davis . 
 tell me why it 's impossible . '' 
 i cup her cheek in my hand and look her in the eyes . 
 `` because she might play viola , but you are my viola . 
 you are my ava . 
 you are my eponine . 
 you are every part ever written , but most of all , you 're my jill and you 're the only woman i want , '' i tell her , and she closes her eyes briefly and sways towards me . 
 but i 'm not done . 
 i have more to say . 
 `` i will work with other women and you will be on stage or screen and kiss other men , and we will come back to each other because nobody else can come between us . '' 
 then she melts into me , pressing her body against mine on the streets of manhattan , outside the st. james theater , where i first told her on that cold evening that she was in my show . 
 `` do you want to know why i took so long in there ? 
 what was so important to me that it kept me away from you on a night like this ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i told them i would only do twelfth night if it was worked into my contract that i could come back once a week during rehearsals . '' 
 her eyes widen and sparkle , as if she 's filling with happiness . 
 i love that she responds this way . 
 `` really ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` yes . 
 really , '' i emphasize . 
 `` i want to see you . 
 i want to have a future with you . 
 i 'm not going to jet off without a way to see you as much as i can . '' 
 she shakes her head , as if she 's berating herself . 
 `` i 'm an idiot for doubting you . '' 
 `` no , you 're human . 
 but you 've got to realize that even though i might be in london for two months , i 'm not going anywhere . '' 
 `` i love you , '' she says fiercely , grabbing my shirt again , and fisting the fabric . 
 `` i f ** king love you so much it hurts . 
 but it 's a good hurt , because it makes me feel like i 'm alive , and it 's not pretend and it 's not fake , and i want to keep loving you and trying not to hurt you , but sometimes doing it anyway , and then forgiving , and i want that with you . 
 only you . '' 
 `` good . 
 now why do n't we skip zane 's , because i think there are other things we should be doing right now . '' 
 `` what could you possibly have in mind ? '' 
 she says playfully as she takes my hand and i hail a taxi . 
 `` come back to my place and find out , '' i say , then open the door and let her in first . 
 * * * we barely make it into my loft . 
 she launches herself at me in the elevator , running her hands through my hair . 
 `` do you remember our first private rehearsal ? '' 
 she asks in an intensely serious tone . 
 `` of course . 
 how could i forget ? '' 
 `` when we were leaving , i kept hoping the elevator would stop . 
 or jolt me into you . 
 so i could do this , '' she tells me , then captures my lips in a kiss that is both soft and hungry , a promise of what 's to come soon , of how we will have each other tonight . 
 she slows the kiss down , running her tongue along my bottom lip , then nipping at the top . 
 she breaks the kiss to shoot me a sly grin . 
 `` that 's how you kiss me sometimes . 
 you torment me with your teeth . '' 
 `` you deserve tormenting , '' i say , teasing her . 
 `` i know , but i want to give it back to you . '' 
 `` you should definitely give it back to me . 
 any time . 
 all the time . '' 
 she backs me into the corner of the elevator , grabs my wrists and holds them tight at my side , then bends her head to kiss my neck . 
 only she does n't kiss . 
 she bites , and it feels f ** king fantastic . 
 i close my eyes , reveling in the sensation . 
 i 'm about to respond in kind , but she lets go of my wrists and grabs my hair hard , then pulls . 
 once . 
 `` there , '' she says happily . 
 `` like you do to me . '' 
 `` all 's fair in love and war , '' i say as the elevator stops . 
 she steps out first but as soon as the doors close , i grab her jeans and pull her back to me , spin her around , and lift her up against the wall in the hallway . 
 she wraps her legs around my waist , her arms around my neck . 
 i push hard against her , grinding my h * ps into hers , kissing her face , her neck , her eyelids , her hair , her earlobes , anywhere on her , until she rasps , `` inside . 
 now . '' 
 i lower her to the floor , unlock the door and shove it closed . 
 in less than a second her hands are on the zipper of my pants and i 'm undoing her jeans , and we are pushing clothes to the floor , and nearly tripping as we grasp at each other while moving into the kitchen . 
 i lift her up on the counter , pull off her boots and her jeans , and then slide my hand between her legs as she parts them for me . 
 `` you 're already wet , '' i whisper in her ear , as i rub my fingers against her , and she arches into me . 
 `` did you expect anything less ? '' 
 i shake my head , and slip off her panties , tossing them somewhere behind me . 
 i do n't bother to take off my shirt , or step out of my pants . 
 i need to be inside her now . 
 i tug her closer to the edge of the counter then sink into her , and she bites her lip , then takes a sharp breath , followed by a long , low sigh of pleasure as i fill her . 
 `` there are so many ways i need to f ** k you , jill . 
 so many positions , and places , and things to do with your beautiful body , '' i tell her as i start to move inside her . 
 `` i know , '' she whispers . 
 `` all those things you said you 'd do to me when we had dinner . 
 and then at the plaza . 
 i need all of them . '' 
 `` you 'll have all of them . 
 and later tonight , i 'm going to spend my time making love to you , but right now , i 'm going to take you , and it 's going to be hard , and it 's going to be fast . '' 
 her eyes light up , like she has a secret . 
 `` that 's what the hero said in a dirty novel i was reading . 
 i want it like that . 
 please do it like that now , '' she pants , then grabs my ass and pulls me deeper into her . 
 i do as i promised , gripping her h * ps as i drive into her , slamming her onto me . 
 she grasps me with her legs , and holds onto my shoulders , then rests her forehead against mine , her breath on my face , and i love it . 
 i love how she ca n't hold back , how she wants this as much as i do . 
 how she needs it . 
 soon , she is moaning with abandon , moving faster with me , and i start to lose myself in her noises , her sounds , in the way she tugs hard on my hair , and shouts yes many times over as she comes , and i chase her there . 
 then she wraps her arms around my waist in a tight embrace . 
 `` davis , i love you so much . 
 i ca n't imagine being without you either , '' she whispers , and i might be the happiest man alive right now . 
 `` good , '' i tell her . 
 `` because you wo n't be . '' 
 after a quick bathroom break , i return to the kitchen , and she 's made herself at home , perched on a black leather barstool at the counter . 
 she 's still wearing her sweater , but nothing on the bottom . 
 `` that 's a good look for you , '' i say . 
 `` it 'll be even better if you take the top off . '' 
 `` consider it done , '' she says , and pulls off her sweater and her bra , and crosses her legs . 
 she looks so unbelievably sexy , all na ** d and blond and just-been-fucked , sitting on my barstool , in my kitchen , in my home . 
 `` i have something for you . 
 for us , '' i say , then open the stainless steel fridge and remove a bottle of champagne . 
 `` to celebrate your first broadway show . 
 your first ever performance on the great white way . '' 
 i pop open the bottle , pour two glasses , and sit down next to her . 
 i hold up a glass to toast . 
 `` to many , many more . '' 
 `` to many more , '' she repeats , then takes a sip . 
 i tip my forehead to the stool . 
 `` you look good on that stool . 
 you look good in my home . 
 you should make it yours . '' 
 she gives me a curious look , as a grin plays on her lips . 
 `` are you asking me to move in ? '' 
 i shrug a shoulder playfully . 
 `` you said your roommate 's moving out soon . 
 i figured why not . '' 
 `` so i should move in since it 's hard to find a place in new york ? '' 
 she jokes . 
 `` that . 
 and because it makes it easier to f ** k you , and make love to you , and kiss you , and hold you , and touch you , and be with you , '' i say , then i pause , taking a beat , so she knows i mean this from the heart . 
 `` and because i love you . '' 
 she hops off the stool , wraps her arms around me and kisses me wildly , so i take that as a yes . 
 chapter 25 four months later jill `` you are the most beautiful bride i 've ever seen , '' i say as i hand kat a tulip bouquet , all in purple , her favorite color . 
 she whispers a thanks , takes a breath , her shoulders rising and falling , as if she 's prepping herself for this momentous step . 
 `` you 're not nervous , are you ? '' 
 `` i 've never been more sure of anything in my life . '' 
 `` good , '' i say with a smile . 
 the string quartet begins pachelbel 's canon , and that 's my cue as the maid of honor to walk down the aisle , a white runner spread out across the lawn at le belle vie , an inn in mystic , connecticut , where kat grew up . 
 it is june , and she and bryan are getting married outside under the warm afternoon sun on a beautiful blue-sky saturday , the ocean waves lapping the nearby shore . 
 when i reach the steps of the gazebo , i take my spot across from the groom and his best man . 
 bryan looks so handsome in his tux , and so happy as the wedding march begins and kat walks down the aisle . 
 he only has eyes for her , and she for him , as it should be . 
 she 's radiant , with her hair pinned up in a gorgeous twist , in the perfect dress she found at the bridal shop in the west village . 
 she reaches the gazebo and stands across from bryan , and the two of them are so ridiculously happy . 
 i catch a glimpse of davis in the third row , looking as classy as ever in a button-down shirt and tie that i want to unknot later . 
 for now , i keep my eyes on the bride and groom as the justice of the peace begins the proceedings . 
 `` dearly beloved , we are gathered here today to celebrate one of the greatest joys in life and witness the union of bryan leighton and kat harper in marriage , which is an institution ordained by the state and made honorable by the faithful keeping of good men and women , '' he says . 
 `` marriage is founded upon sincerity , trust , and mutual love . '' 
 then he pauses , as if preparing for a quip . 
 `` as well as a mutual love of movies , coffee drinks and paris . '' 
 i beam , and so does kat , and it 's all so true because that 's how kat and bryan fell in love again . 
 `` kat and bryan have a strong and solid foundation . 
 they support each other , they care for each other and , as i understand it , bryan is quite good at making her laugh . '' 
 now it 's bryan 's turn to smile proudly . 
 he won kat back into his heart in many ways , but especially because he always made her laugh . 
 then the justice of the peace grows more serious . 
 `` they are each other 's true and forever loves , and today they take that pledge before god , family and friends . '' 
 he turns to bryan . 
 `` do you , bryan , take kat to be your lawful wedded wife ? '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 `` will you love , respect and honor her in all your years together ? '' 
 `` i will . '' 
 then he turns to kat . 
 `` do you , kat , take bryan to be your lawful wedded husband ? '' 
 `` i do , '' she says . 
 `` will you love , respect and honor him in all your years together ? '' 
 `` i will . '' 
 after they exchange rings , the justice of the peace says the words we 've all come to hear . 
 `` by the power vested in me by the state of connecticut , i now pronounce you husband and wife . 
 you may kiss the bride . '' 
 bryan steps forward and kisses his new wife , as a tear of happiness slides down my cheek , and i sneak a look at the beautiful man in the third row , who 's already looking at me . 
 * * * later , the bride and groom dance as dusk falls , the rest of us joining them on the dance floor in that kind of hazy , lingering after-the-cake-has-been eaten way as the wedding party winds down . 
 `` i know the bride is supposed to be the most beautiful woman here , but you 'll always hold that title for me , '' davis says , as he takes me in his arms for a spin on the dance floor . 
 strings of lights twinkle from the canopy above us . 
 i can smell the salt water from the lazy ocean waves , rocking the shores gently after twilight . 
 `` as it should be . '' 
 `` and i suspect you 'll be equally stunning tomorrow night on the red carpet , '' he says . 
 `` have i told you how proud i am of you ? '' 
 `` only twenty million times , '' i say playfully , moving closer to him , because i am unable to stay away . 
 he 's been back from london for several weeks now , and i ca n't get enough of him . 
 even though i saw him once a week while he was gone , it was n't nearly enough , and we 've been making up for all that lost time . 
 tonight is my first saturday evening off since i took over as ava on opening night . 
 but i have a good understudy in shelby , and i 'm sure she 's kicking ass and taking names right now back in manhattan . 
 the theater will be dark tomorrow night , but davis and i will be walking the red carpet into avery fisher hall at lincoln center for the 68th annual tony awards since we were both nominated for crash the moon . 
 `` and i 'm proud of you . 
 you 're still my favorite director , '' i say as i play with the collar on his shirt . 
 he laughs . 
 `` your only director . '' 
 `` hey ! 
 just because i 'm still working my first job , does n't mean i ca n't have a favorite . '' 
 then my hands stray to the buttons on his shirt and i start to fiddle with the top one . 
 as i do , i flash back to our first kiss in his office , to how i could n't resist touching him then either . 
 the mood shifts between us as he grips my hand , and tugs me tighter against him . 
 his voice is rough and heated . 
 `` jill , when you do that , it makes me want to undress you , too . '' 
 a ribbon of heat runs through me . 
 `` then we should get out of here because that 's my favorite outfit to wear with you-nothing . '' 
 after we say our goodbyes , we duck into a town car that will take us all the way back into manhattan and down to tribeca where we live . 
 davis hits the button for the partition . 
 `` such a long ride back to the city . 
 whatever will we do , '' he muses as he fingers the short hem on my black and white dress . 
 `` i have no idea how we could pass the time , '' i say , as he grabs my h * ps and shifts me on top of him so i 'm straddling him in the car . 
 he brushes his lips against my throat , trailing his tongue between my br ** sts as he hikes up my skirt . 
 `` take those off , '' he tells me , and i quickly shed my panties as he unzips the crisp gray slacks he wore to the wedding . 
 i inch them down his hips , licking my lips reflexively as the boxer briefs slide down too . 
 then he grabs me and brings me down on him , and i moan loudly at the delicious feeling of him inside me . 
 i move on him , slowly , taking my time because it 's a two-hour ride back to the city , but even so it does n't take me long because he knows what to do to bring me over the edge . 
 he always has , he always will , and we come together one more time . 
 once we reach manhattan , the car heads down columbus avenue and davis leans forward and raises the partition to talk to the driver . 
 `` can you make a stop at lincoln center ? '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' i give him a curious look . 
 `` getting a head start on tomorrow ? '' 
 `` perhaps , '' he says evasively . 
 when we stop , he opens the door and reaches for my hand . 
 i 'm not quite sure what the plan is , but i go along with it , as we head up the steps of the plaza outside lincoln center . 
 the fountain shoots sprays of water high above us in a majestic pattern , lit brightly on a summer night . 
 we are surrounded by the ballet , the theater , the orchestra , the opera , and juilliard . 
 this is the heartbeat of the arts in new york city , and it 's always felt like a hamlet to me . 
 he stops at the fountain and pulls me in close . 
 `` i 've always wanted to kiss you by the fountains at lincoln center . 
 you do n't mind , do you ? '' 
 `` not at all , '' i say , as he brushes his lips against mine , kissing me slowly at first , tenderly , then claiming my mouth with his in the way i love , the way that makes me feel like i 'm his , because that 's all i want to be . 
 when he breaks the kiss , i am still stunned . 
 because kisses from him only get better , and i can feel this one in my knees , in my toes , all the way in my fingertips . 
 `` you 're such a romantic , '' i tell him . 
 `` you do n't know the half of it , jill , '' he says with a note of mischief in his voice . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` this is what i mean , '' he says , as he bends down on one knee , reaching for my hand . 
 i gasp when i realize what he 's doing . 
 `` i fall more madly in love with you every day and it 's never going to stop . 
 i want to be with you always , to laugh with you , and work with you , and love you more than any man has ever loved a woman . 
 and when we come here tomorrow night , and walk that red carpet , i do n't want to go in as the director and the actress . 
 i want to go in there with you as the man you 're going to spend the rest of your life with . 
 will you marry me ? '' 
 i fall to my knees too , wrapping my arms around his neck , and kissing him in between happy tears and my reply . 
 `` yes , yes , yes , '' i say as i plant kisses all over his beautiful face . 
 `` i do n't think i can stop kissing you right now . '' 
 `` how about for ten seconds so you can let me put this ring on you then ? '' 
 he says with a grin . 
 `` i almost forgot about the ring , '' i say because i am overcome . 
 i hold out my hand and he slides a gorgeous diamond onto my ring finger . 
 i do n't know anything about diamonds , and i ca n't tell the cut or carats , but i do n't care because it 's from him , and it 's about us , and it 's the most beautiful thing i 've ever worn . 
 `` i love it so much . 
 i love you so much . 
 i love being yours . '' 
 `` you are . 
 now , and always . '' 
 the end 
