 prologue i hope to never see you again . 
 last time you betrayed me , i ran away . 
 you looked for me and found me , and i chose to forgive you . 
 this time , your secrets hit me much worse . 
 i do n't think i can ever recover . 
 i do n't think i can ever look at you and not be reminded of them . 
 this time , i 'll make sure you 'll never find me . 
 i say that i hate you , but deep inside i love you . 
 love is in my mind , in my soul , and deep in my heart . 
 as it always has been . 
 as it always might be . 
 but for how long ? 
 that i do n't know . 
 in love , we bonded . 
 in passion , we rose . 
 and in trust , we reconciled . 
 i told myself that if you ever broke my heart again , karma would get back at you . 
 and if it wo n't , if it takes too long , if it forgets , i will make sure revenge will pay you back . 
 my name is brooke and i know this : love has four letters . 
 one for you . 
 one for me . 
 one for our child . 
 one for revenge . 
 sweet , bitter revenge . 
 i bet you did n't see that one coming . 
 i look forward to the day you 'll feel the same pain i went through . 
 i look forward to the day i can look at you in the knowledge that we 're even . 
 maybe you had secrets , but this time i will make sure secrets wo n't be the only thing you carry home . 
 chapter 1 the street was abuzz with life , the noise of traffic and human crowds droning in my ears . 
 tears trickled down my face in steady rivulets , as though my eyes were connected to an ocean . 
 my legs carried me so fast that , at some point , my feet began to hurt , and i realized i had been running . 
 and yet i did n't stop , not even when my lungs began to burn from the cold air and the lack of oxygen . 
 it was only when i reached a bench in central park , the one where my sister and i used to sit ten years prior , that i stopped and slumped down , grateful for the cold , snow-covered wood that numbed my body . 
 he had broken me into pieces . 
 the stupid fool i had been for falling in love with him , how could i have taken him back after he had betrayed me only to betray me again ? 
 and to think he told me i could trust him , that he loved me , that i was the only one in the whole world for him , and that he would never cheat on me . 
 yeah , right ! 
 they were stupid lies i had believed-lies i wanted to come true . 
 someone should have offered me a personality test and marked me `` naive , foolish , '' and let 's not forget , `` prone to being broke . '' 
 when she had named me brooke , my mother had apparently forgotten to remove the - o on my birth certificate , because now , i was n't just broke in terms of money ; i was also devoid of some much-needed wisdom-if only to see jett for who he was when i had viewed him through rose-colored glasses : a cheater and lying bastard who was still seeing his ex behind my back . 
 sylvie had been right when she had warned me to be careful around him . 
 i just wished she had shaken some sense into me rather than gushing about his good looks , all the while counterpointing that he was bad news , which was counterproductive . 
 it had n't exactly helped me ward off his advances ; it only made me want him even more . 
 his intensity had pushed me into a state of obsession , where desire became my addiction and hunger my passion . 
 if it were n't for my longing to be loved , i never would have been so blind to his intentions . 
 i did n't know what hurt me more : the fact that i had trusted him blindly-as in only seeing what i had wanted to see in him , trusting that he 'd never lie or cheat on me . 
 or that he had actually done all the things he had promised he would n't do behind my back . 
 and i had n't even seen it coming because i had chosen to believe his promises . 
 sexy men like him do n't deserve another chance , another glance , another surrender . 
 they deserve to have their ass kicked ... and not only out of bed . 
 i could n't wrap my mind around the fact that just a few hours earlier , i had been happy . 
 truly happy . 
 there had been no warning , nothing to indicate that my life would be turned upside down . 
 even if i had wanted to , i could n't have foreseen such events . 
 there had been no signs to prepare me for what had happened or for all the feelings that had just crushed me to the core . 
 minutes felt like hours . 
 i did n't know how long i 'd been sitting on the bench , oblivious to the people passing by and the curious glances they cast my way . 
 but at some point , the cold began to creep up my body , intensifying the shudders running through me . 
 i had never been so cold in my life , and yet i had never welcomed the numbing pain more than now . 
 the cold did not only numb my limbs ; it seemed to penetrate every layer of my being . 
 but i had reached a point where i did n't care what happened to me , if i froze to death or if the world came to an end . 
 everything had started out so well , and now i was , in so many ways , back to square one : single , heartbroken , and broke-except i was a little worse off than before . 
 in the beginning , i could have walked away from jett in the hope that my heart would heal . 
 i would have moved on to the next man who was eager to get into my panties , and i would n't have had to hide from shame . 
 but now i was pregnant , and while i had inherited the lucazzone estate with all its dark secrets , that only added to the problems i could n't run away from . 
 with nate free and on the loose , i still had to fear for my life . 
 i had to give up on my dreams about a future with jett . 
 come to think of it , there was no sense in believing in an us anymore . 
 all that mattered now was keeping myself and my child safe , and the only way i could accomplish that was by getting far away from jett and his family . 
 but to accomplish that , i needed money . 
 even with my faith in men and in ever finding true love ripped to shreds , i could feel that my discovery was a blessing in disguise . 
 the pain would be temporary , but in the end , the entire situation would serve a greater purpose because i finally knew which path to take . 
 i opened my handbag in search of the piece of the paper that was my beacon of hope . 
 i had to give thalia 's job a try , because any job , as long as it paid the bills , was better than none . 
 if only a tenth of thalia 's claims were true , then i had found a way to get away from here , from him , from everyone-a fresh start . 
 once everything calmed down , i 'd focus on healing my heart and move on from a past that was n't worth remembering . 
 chapter 2 by the time she came , it was dark , and i had been waiting impatiently for almost an hour , my hands frozen in the pockets of my coat as i watched the late afternoon sun disappear . 
 the beautiful victorian-style lampposts were already switched on , their dull flicker casting an eerie yellow glow on the asphalted street . 
 central park was magically beautiful , both during the day and at night . 
 i usually avoided parks after dark , but today i was making an exception . 
 to kill time as i waited for thalia , i had walked around the southern half of the park . 
 i had assumed it would be devoid of life at that hour , but to my surprise , clusters of people had gathered here and there , walking or jogging , immersed in their lives , probably struggling with their own demons . 
 after what seemed like an eternity , a car finally pulled over . 
 from a distance , i spied thalia getting out , right where we had arranged to meet . 
 i waved to get her attention , then walked over . 
 even under the weak illumination from the lampposts , i could see that the car was a scrambled mess with clutter all over the passenger and back seat . 
 never in my life had i met anyone so chaotic-except for sylvie , when she was about to pack her suitcase and could n't decide on what to take with her . 
 it was as if thalia had practically been living in her car ; for all i knew , she had been . 
 `` jesus . 
 what happened to you ? '' 
 thalia slammed the car door and turned to regard me . 
 her voice betrayed a worrying edge as she eyed me up and down . 
 `` your lips are all blue , and you 're freezing . '' 
 she pulled my hands into hers and shivered as if to prove her point . 
 my tongue flicked over my numb lips . 
 i had n't realized my physical appearance would so easily give away the way i felt . 
 granted , i did n't have a mirror , so i had no clue how i looked . 
 but surely it could n't be that bad , apart from a bit of smudged mascara . 
 i absent-mindedly smoothed my hair and smiled . 
 `` it 's not as bad as you think . '' 
 deep worry lines creased her forehead , signaling that she did n't believe me . 
 `` do you want to talk about it ? '' 
 she asked quietly , after a pause . 
 great . 
 just great . 
 i figured i must really look like crap , which was n't ideal , given the fact that i was supposed to go on a job interview . 
 i should have changed at sylvie 's place . 
 or maybe not as , i thought , remembering why i 'd decided against it in the first place : i could n't deal with her questions , nor did i have the energy to recall all that had happened or , worse yet , acknowledge my mistakes and whatever hard facts i needed to accept . 
 `` i 'd rather not . '' 
 swallowing hard , i shot her a shy look . 
 `` i just had a crappy day , that 's all . '' 
 `` i do n't mean to be pushy , '' thalia said . 
 `` i 've been told i 'm a good listener , and i just want you to know i 'm here to talk whenever you feel like it . '' 
 i shot her warm smile . 
 `` i appreciate that , but i 'm not ready . 
 sorry . 
 maybe another time ? '' 
 `` all right . '' 
 she eyed me one last time before she sighed . 
 `` i brought coffee . 
 figured you might want one . '' 
 she inclined her head toward the car , signaling that she was about to change the subject . 
 `` sorry i kept you waiting . 
 i had to clean the floor after my shift . '' 
 `` no problem . 
 i 'm just really grateful you 're offering to take me along . '' 
 `` you really need this job , huh ? '' 
 thalia pointed around the car impatiently , a sign that she wanted to leave . 
 i walked around and slid into the passenger seat . 
 `` after today , i definitely do , '' i said , realizing there was no point in lying . 
 i watched her walk around to her side and hop into the driver 's seat . 
 leaning forward , she handed me a cup of coffee . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i warmed my cold hands against the cup containing the hot liquid , then took a tentative sip . 
 after being outside in the cold for hours , the warmth soothed me from the inside , and i savored the flavor of coffee , sugar , and whipped cream , reminding me that i was still alive and living . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i 'll persuade grayson to give you a job , but first - '' her eyes brushed over my clothes in thought before she pointed to the cluttered mess on her back seat , '' - we need to get you out of that . 
 i have countless dresses i bought before my self-imposed shopping ban . 
 there should be one that fits you . 
 my motto is , ` if you look good , you feel good . ' 
 so ... '' she shrugged and paused , hesitation written all over her face , as though she was n't sure why she was about to divulge such information `` whenever i have a bad day , i dress up . 
 it makes the world a better place , at least for a while . '' 
 at that moment , thalia officially sounded like sylvie . 
 i decided to like her ; after all , anyone who resembled my friend sylvie had to be a good person . 
 in fact , i figured most human beings on the planet were better than jett and his sick family . 
 compared to them , thalia was a god-sent angel , and through her , for the first time in my life , i saw a way out , a way to escape my debts . 
 `` i do n't know why you 're doing it , but thank you for helping , '' i whispered . 
 staring out the car window , various emotions washed over me as thoughts kept spinning in my mind . 
 the job was an option . 
 an option i could accept , but did n't have to . 
 still , the more i thought back to my college days , eating ramen noodles day in and day out , working my ass off to avoid amassing a fortune in loans , the more i was convinced i was doing the right thing . 
 and i really did n't care what i had to do , as long as i was in control of my own life . 
 and control i was seeking . 
 finally , there was a light at the end of the tunnel , an escape from a precarious financial situation that i had thought would keep me enchained for the rest of my life . 
 my best friend had always told me that if i wanted something , i had to work hard to achieve it . 
 i had done that , but as it turned out , working hard was not enough , and it was certainly not always the fastest way to solve a problem . 
 so i had always poured everything i had into my career , but now , a shortcut was necessary . 
 taking this job could be my shortcut . 
 i was willing to adapt , to change , to try something new , and to take on challenges i had n't faced before . 
 whatever it takes . 
 it was time to write my own destiny . 
 as silently as i could , i switched off my cell phone , so no one could reach me . 
 chapter 3 the streets were busier than usual , and the car seemed to stop at every corner . 
 we had been driving for at least forty minutes when we finally reached an area close to the williamsburg bridge . 
 the car came to a screeching halt in front of a red , three-story building , and i got out . 
 from the outside , in the dark , it seemed rather ordinary , if not even a bit run-down . 
 if i had n't known any better , i would n't have had a clue that it was actually the studio of a successful photographer slash artist . 
 there was certainly no sign indicating the opportunity of a promising job . 
 a cold wind whipped my hair into my face , and i wrapped my coat tighter around me . 
 shivering near the entrance , i watched thalia change her sneakers for a pair of high heels . 
 she tossed the athletic shoes onto the back seat and retrieved an oversized training bag , which i assumed contained her outfit for the job . 
 `` is he famous ? '' 
 i asked as she locked up the car . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` grayson . '' 
 `` i would n't say that , but he is well established and known for his exquisite taste and expensive art collection . '' 
 she turned to shoot me a strange look , then glanced up at the windows . 
 `` whatever he shows you , keep any remarks to yourself . 
 his art takes a while to get used to , if you ask me , but he takes it very personally when someone does n't like it . '' 
 `` is it that bad ? '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` see for yourself . 
 as they say , beauty is in the eye of the beholder . 
 i 've never understood his taste , but i 'm not exactly a creative genius . 
 maybe it 'll appeal to you . 
 who knows ? '' 
 she slung the bag over her shoulder and let herself in , motioning for me to follow her up a narrow staircase . 
 her cryptic words had left me eager to find out what she had meant by `` exquisite taste . '' 
 was this grayson renowned for his taste in selecting just the right model for the job , or did his art cater to the strange and bizarre ? 
 the countless questions floating in my mind kept me intrigued and focused and not just as a distraction that helped me forget my relationship drama . 
 as far as impressions went , grayson was a big , blurry question mark . 
 i knew next to nothing about him , and the sudden realization of the unknown made me nervous . 
 `` what happens with the pictures he takes ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` does he always sell them ? '' 
 `` usually , yeah . '' 
 thalia nodded slowly . 
 `` most go to rich collectors , fans of the fifties era . 
 others he sells to magazines and film and music studios . 
 he keeps only a few for himself . 
 this is the place where he usually hangs out when he 's not traveling . 
 sometimes he rents out his studio to art events , gallery shows , and launch parties , which is how he raises his profile . 
 before he became a photographer , he owned a modeling agency . '' 
 she pressed a button above a polished steel plate that had `` gr photography '' engraved on it . 
 within seconds , the door buzzed and opened . 
 we stepped into a large hall decorated with marble pillars , huge mirrors , and hardwood flooring . 
 in some ways , it reminded me of an art gallery with white naked walls and high ceilings . 
 no flowers , no paintings adorning the walls . 
 `` this is the waiting area , '' thalia explained in a muted voice . 
 i nodded as i let my gaze sweep over the plain white leather couches and matching chairs near an unoccupied glass reception desk set up in the middle of the room . 
 `` obviously , grayson 's expecting us , so we 're not going to wait here , '' thalia continued and pointed at a door marked `` studio . '' 
 as we passed the reception desk and crossed the corridor , my eyes fell on a life-sized sculpture . 
 just looking at it gave me the creeps and yet i stepped back to analyze it , unable to peel my eyes off the horrid statue . 
 it took me a few seconds to process what i was seeing . 
 the thing was carved from wood and reminded me of a distorted face with an open mouth and big , alien eyes reflecting terror . 
 the body resembled a deformed man surrounded by blazing fire , his arms waving as though to cry for help , while his feet were rooted in what looked like earth . 
 i shuddered at just how ugly it was . 
 actually , ugly was an understatement . 
 it was dreadful . 
 in one word : monstrous . 
 so bad it was almost funny . 
 i pressed my hand over my mouth to suppress a giggle . 
 it was so deplorable and grotesque that i was surprised grayson 's visitors were n't too freaked out to return . 
 `` what the hell is this ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` if i had something like this in my home , i would n't be able to close my eyes at night . '' 
 thalia laughed quietly in my ear . 
 `` he calls it his ` mandrake . ' 
 scary as shit . 
 now , that 's the art i was talking about . 
 he is kind of obsessed with it . '' 
 she pulled at my arm gently . 
 `` like i said , pop over a few times , and you wo n't even notice it anymore . 
 but if he asks , tell him you love it . '' 
 i nodded and thalia led me through yet another door into a well-lit space with floor-to-ceiling mirrors and various places to sit . 
 `` this is the dressing room . '' 
 compared to the entrance hall , this room felt oppressing and tight . 
 maybe it was n't the lack of space as much as the fact that it was littered with clothes and carrier bags , and shoes strewn across the floor . 
 `` from the sight of it , grayson 's busy . '' 
 thalia pointed to the ceiling . 
 i was just about to point out that i had no idea what she was talking about when soft thudding sounds carried down from above . 
 people rushing around . 
 jumping . 
 perhaps even dancing . 
 moving past the mirrors , i caught my reflection and winced . 
 my hair looked presentable enough . 
 being curly and wavy , it never needed a brush . 
 but my face was a mess : my skin pale from exhaustion , the bags under my eyes swollen and dark . 
 there was no doubt i looked as though i had attended a funeral . 
 i laughed inwardly at my morbid thoughts . 
 it some way , i had been at one . 
 while sitting in central park , i had mourned my old self and all those things i 'd never have : a family with jett , a father for my child . 
 thalia glanced at her watch . 
 `` we 're late . 
 we have to hurry . '' 
 she retrieved a blue donna morgan print dress from her bag and pushed it into my hands . 
 `` try this on . 
 it should fit you . '' 
 i changed quickly , aware of her eyes on me , and then followed her silent command to sit down when she pointed to a chair . 
 her hands immediately began to busy themselves with my hair and makeup . 
 my curls were pulled up and twisted with bobby pins , then , with a precision and ease i had never possessed , thalia started to transform my face into flawlessness , complete with porcelain skin and huge , hazel eyes , framed by dark green eyeliner . 
 she paused to inspect her work before resuming with the confidence of a professional artist . 
 `` where did you learn to do this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i 'm self-taught , '' she said with justified pride . 
 `` as a teen , i wanted to be a makeup artist , so i used to spend my time reading fashion magazines and blogs . 
 even though i could n't afford school , the knowledge has come in handy . '' 
 she applied a touch of mascara and stepped back to regard me , apparently satisfied with the result . 
 `` there you go ! 
 you have stunning eyes . 
 you should wear more green and gray . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she pointed at the mirror and began to put away her brushes . 
 for a moment i hesitated , afraid of what i might see . 
 taking a deep breath , i lifted my gaze and almost did n't recognize myself . 
 `` wow . 
 you 're good . '' 
 i stared at myself , unable to look away . 
 `` really good . '' 
 and i meant every bit of praise . 
 the woman standing in front of me did n't look like brooke stewart at all . 
 she did n't look hurt and broken . 
 she looked confident and sexy . 
 the kind of woman no one would ever dare to cheat on . 
 self-doubt passed over me . 
 what if i had never really been sexy enough for jett ? 
 what if my insecurities and my inability to trust him completely had pushed him away ? 
 maybe he had missed the excitement and the confidence women of his social status often exuded . 
 maybe he started cheating on me because i was n't like them ? 
 i turned back to thalia , glad she did n't seem to notice the sudden drop in my mood , and watched her change into a peach-colored dress with fishnet stockings . 
 i had to admit , not only did she have a gorgeous body with toned legs and hips to die for , but the attire seemed to be her thing , as though she never wore anything else . 
 `` do you like your job ? '' 
 i resumed the conversation as she began to paint her lips a bright shade of red . 
 `` i do . '' 
 she nodded , and with a glance in the mirror she smacked her lips . 
 `` i 'm a big fan of anything burlesque because it 's so feminine . 
 you snap a picture , and you can be sure it 's going to be perfect . 
 there 's nothing ugly about being a pin-up girl , jenna . '' 
 i flinched at hearing the sound of my sister 's name , and realized i had forgotten that i had adopted a false identity . 
 oblivious to my reaction , thalia began to apply some of her lipstick on my lips and then snapped the cap shut . 
 `` what we are doing is nothing to be ashamed of . 
 it 's not p ** n , but art , and that makes all the difference . '' 
 she flashed me a smile , revealing two beautiful rows of pearly white teeth and slight dimples that gave her character . 
 `` the way i see it , it 's an honor , '' she continued , her hazel eyes regarding me warmly , `` to help a man dream of his perfect girl-one who 's out of his reach . 
 we 're what i 'd call a fantasy , a dream , something most men will never have . '' 
 she grabbed my hand , infusing some chirpiness in her voice . 
 `` come on . 
 time to meet grayson . '' 
 chapter 4 by the time we returned to the hall and ascended a staircase , i was beginning to think it was all a mistake . 
 my heart was pounding so hard i could feel the blood rushing in my ears , threatening to burst my veins . 
 what had i been thinking ? 
 i did n't have thalia 's confidence . 
 i did n't have her gorgeous looks . 
 in no way would i be suitable for working as a model . 
 i could call myself lucky if this grayson guy did n't laugh . 
 i was better off finding a job in real estate and waiting tables in the evening . 
 do n't be stupid , stewart . 
 you ca n't afford to live off just one income , and topping it off with tips certainly would n't make a difference . 
 my heart sank in my chest as i realized that not only did i need a second job , but if i was to avoid jett for the rest of his life , i 'd have to stop working for him . 
 that meant i 'd have to look for a new job , all without health insurance and probably no references . 
 and then there was the matter of my ever-growing loan problems . 
 ninety thousand dollars debt ! 
 i still had trouble wrapping my head around that part . 
 you 'll be repaying loans for the rest of your life , stewart . 
 that is , unless you start taking risks . 
 and this was indeed a risk , not just for my finances , but also for my confidence . 
 confidence or not , i had no choice but to go through with the interview . 
 if i did n't try , i might end up living in a small , rented apartment forever , with no opportunity to offer my child the best life he or she could possibly have . 
 `` there 's nothing to be afraid of . '' 
 thalia 's voice , meant to reassure , only managed to make me more nervous . 
 `` i know . '' 
 i sighed , biting my thumbnail . 
 we took a left turn through yet another corridor and entered a door that led into a large hall . 
 pretty girls stood in clusters , waiting . 
 some were talking on their cell phones ; some were sitting on the floor , all dressed in peach-colored , knee-length burlesque dresses and black high heels . 
 for a waiting area , it was surprisingly silent . 
 thalia waved to a few , then headed straight for a door and knocked . 
 when a male voice called out , ordering her to enter , thalia mouthed , `` wait here , '' and slipped inside , then closed the door behind her . 
 i pressed my back against the wall and tried hard not to overhear the hushed voices carrying through from inside . 
 the seconds stretched into minutes . 
 finally , the door opened again and thalia returned , looking slightly flushed . 
 `` he 's waiting for you , '' she whispered to me . 
 `` good luck . '' 
 i watched her join the other women , a part of me hoping someone would go in with me . 
 get a grip , stewart . 
 you 're an adult . 
 there 's nothing to be scared of . 
 taking a deep breath , i started to count backwards . 
 three . 
 two . 
 one . 
 the door flew open , and i stepped back in shock . 
 `` are n't you coming in ? '' 
 he asked , knitting his eyebrows together . 
 i had been so immersed in my thoughts and worries that i had left my potential future boss waiting . 
 for a moment , i stared into his eyes . 
 holy cow . 
 another arrogant guy . 
 could my day get any worse ? 
 i sounded bitter in my thoughts , i realized , already hating the whole male population when dating would soon become a perquisite-even a necessity-to distract me and help get me over my feelings for jett . 
 `` sorry , '' i muttered and rushed in , closing the door behind me . 
 `` you still want to do the interview , right ? '' 
 grayson turned to regard me with an amused expression . 
 i stared at him , perplexed . 
 `` yeah . 
 of course i do . '' 
 even though he was the owner of gr photography and , according to thalia , had been successful for a number of years , he did n't look much older than thirty . 
 his dirty blond hair was cropped short and messy in a sexy way , and he was dressed in jeans and a dark blue polo t-shirt that fit his tan body . 
 unlike jett , he was n't all muscles and dark hair and green eyes , but he compensated in height . 
 his blue eyes and scruffy beard gave him a stylish rock-star appearance and made him look rugged and masculine-and absolutely not the way i had envisioned him . 
 what the heck are you doing comparing this guy to jett ? 
 i groaned inwardly . 
 at the rate i was going , i 'd never get over jett . 
 never . 
 because , apparently , i could n't stop fawning over jett 's pair of sinfully sexy eyes and the kind of body that keeps you hot and sweaty at night . 
 focus , stewart . 
 focus . 
 first , the job interview . 
 then the self-loathing . 
 his brows shot up . 
 `` well ? '' 
 damn . 
 had i been so absorbed that i did n't notice he had been waiting for me to introduce myself ? 
 suppressing the urge to turn on my heels and run out the door to get back to my dark thoughts and dwell in the aftermath of the recent discoveries , i cleared my throat . 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm br - '' i took a deep breath , realizing my mistake . 
 `` jenna . '' 
 he shook my extended hand and sat down at his desk . 
 `` please take a seat . '' 
 he pointed to a chair that faced his desk and his blue eyes began to measure me up and down with the air of a professional . 
 i forced my legs to move , though all i managed was to stumble forward and plop into the chair with the grace of a grizzly bear . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i swallowed past the lump in my throat as i settled into the chair . 
 his penetrating presence did nothing to calm down the frantic beating of my heart . 
 now i knew why i had never liked job interviews : they always made you feel inferior , as if i had messed up and had just been given a tiny chance to prove in less than ten seconds that i was worth the hassle . 
 smiling at grayson , i realized this felt even worse because i was n't just applying for any job . 
 i also had to prove i had what it took in the looks and sex appeal department while , under grayson 's scrutinizing eyes , i felt completely exposed-even more so because , even though he was a bit too lean for my taste , he was still good-looking . 
 i expected him to sit back and start the usual interrogation , but he stood and walked around the desk , then stopped just inches away from me , his leg almost brushing mine in the process . 
 `` all right . '' 
 he sighed and folded his arms over his chest as he leaned back against the desk . 
 `` so ... jenna , right ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` thalia tells me you 're interested in working for me . 
 have you modeled before ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i forced the word past my lips in a hesitant huff . 
 i had expected the question , but not straight away , and it unsettled me . 
 `` i do n't have any experience in modeling at all . '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' grayson said , as though reading my mind . 
 `` a lot of girls start here with nil experience . 
 i like to see them as diamonds in the rough that only have to be cut and polished into priceless gems . '' 
 wow . 
 no modesty there . 
 for some reason , the analogy made him instantly likeable . 
 i smiled , and he pushed a clipboard toward me , inclining his head in the process , silently urging me to take a look . 
 i peered at the questionnaire and then back at him . 
 `` let 's start with a few basic questions to see if you 're suitable for the job , '' grayson said . 
 `` great . '' 
 i watched him unscrew the lid of his pen and grab the clipboard out of my hand . 
 `` full name ? '' 
 `` jenna stewart , '' i said carefully . 
 `` age ? '' 
 `` twenty-three . '' 
 `` status ? '' 
 i stared at him , but it was n't him i was seeing ; rather , it was the image of jett kissing tiffany , her arms around him , her body pressed against his . 
 i wondered if he had slept with her after that kiss . 
 probably . 
 that led to the next question : how often had they met behind my back ? 
 jett had had plenty of opportunities to see her all those times when he had pretended to work late while i was stuck at home , clueless and under the impression he really loved me . 
 `` status ? '' 
 grayson repeated and slowly looked up from his clipboard , his blue eyes piercing through me with such an intensity that it felt like a breeze was touching my soul . 
 status ? 
 stupid . 
 apparently , i had failed at yet another relationship and it was all my fault . 
 some things about human evolution never changed , and that included hard-to-get players like jett and morons like me , who were quick to love and even quicker to lose . 
 the whole time i had been with jett , i had been under the impression he would surmount his urge to be free and settle down with me , maybe even get married . 
 i had pictured it all-the white fence , the nursery , we as a family sitting at the dinner table-all the while forgetting the most important fact : jett did n't believe in rules , restrictions , and boundaries . 
 `` single , '' i said , because i could n't share my true thoughts . 
 my voice sounded choked , but grayson did n't seem to notice . 
 `` good . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` one of the secrets to success is no distractions whatsoever . 
 nothing that interferes with the job . '' 
 i laughed bitterly . 
 `` yeah , that 's so true . '' 
 and it was . 
 if i had never been in love with jett , i would have been more focused . 
 i would have known that something was wrong with him and our relationship as a whole . 
 `` any health problems or conditions i should know of ? '' 
 sighing , i fiddled with the hem of the dress . 
 this was the perfect time to tell him about the pregnancy , but i decided against it . 
 first of all , it was none of his business . 
 second , he might decide it was a distraction . 
 third , he could have very well been one of those men who thought pregnancy was something ugly , and i could n't afford another blow to my ego . 
 i shook my head and replied , `` none that i know of . '' 
 `` height and weight ? '' 
 i answered his questions patiently . 
 at last , after what seemed like an eternity , he put the clipboard away , signaling that he was about to finish his interrogation , and retrieved a measuring tape from one of the drawers . 
 `` bra size ? '' 
 i stared at him , then moistened my lips , uncomfortable with the inquiry . 
 he noticed my reaction . 
 `` it 's for my clients , '' he explained . 
 `` i know . 
 sorry . '' 
 i swallowed the lump in my throat and answered his question , and then he motioned for me to stand , the measuring tape dangling from his hand . 
 surely , he was n't going to ... a shiver moved through me at the thought of him touching me or expecting me to undress . 
 until recently , it had never occurred to me that any man other than jett would ever roam his hands over my body . 
 granted , it was never intended to be a sexual situation , but it still felt intimate . 
 unexpected . 
 strange . 
 and i was still bleeding from jett 's betrayal . 
 i would n't have been surprised to look under my clothes and find my body broken , bloody , and shattered for the whole world to see . 
 `` do you mind if i take your measurements ? '' 
 grayson asked . 
 `` my clients are very specific . '' 
 actually , i did care , but i could hardly refuse-not when he was kind enough to ask . 
 shaking my head with trepidation , i said , `` of course not . '' 
 he motioned for me to stand up again , and this time i did as he expected of me . 
 i held my breath as his hand went around my waist gently . 
 he stopped in midair , his face mere inches away from mine as he looked at me amused . 
 `` you do n't have to hold your breath , jenna . '' 
 with my gaze glued to the floor , i forced my breath out . 
 he was standing so close , i was sure he could feel the nervous pounding of my heart . 
 i could feel his hot breath on my skin and , for some reason , it felt odd and slightly unsettling . 
 almost forbidden , as if no other man should be allowed to touch me after jett . 
 `` why do you want this job ? '' 
 he asked gently as he continued to measure me : first my hips , then my waist , his hand close to my skin without really touching me . 
 i figured it was a means to divert my attention and make me feel more comfortable . 
 to my surprise , it worked because , gradually , i began to relax . 
 maybe because deep down i knew he was a professional and probably used to touching all types of women , used to beauty , perfection , and human flaws . 
 `` i have debts , '' i heard myself say even though i had no idea why i was being so honest . 
 `` how much do you owe ? '' 
 his candidness startled me . 
 i stared at him , surprised at the fact that i wanted to confide in him . 
 `` almost a hundred grand . '' 
 his blue gaze pierced me , but there was no judgment in his eyes . 
 `` that 's a lot . '' 
 i nodded and took a long breath , then let it out slowly . 
 `` i know . '' 
 for a moment , we remained quiet . 
 our eyes connected and my heart began to thump just a little bit harder-not because i wanted him , but because he seemed to understand . 
 his measuring tape was around my shoulder , and for a moment , the unwelcome image of him kissing me popped into my mind , and how much that would hurt jett . 
 how much that would give me the satisfaction of knowing i might actually be able to hurt him as much as he had hurt me . 
 but that was n't me . 
 i could n't stoop so low . 
 besides , i knew i would n't be able to deal with the shame and self-loathing . 
 heat began to pour through me , not from sexual attraction but from the disturbing thoughts i harbored about my possible future boss . 
 as if sensing my sudden shame , grayson broke our eye contact . 
 `` there was a time when i owed $ 400,000 , '' he said and removed the tape , his voice quiet . 
 `` four ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i was a struggling artist and photographer for ages , working on commission , waiting to be picked for jobs from among incredible competition , all while drowning in debt . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i asked when he fell silent . 
 he had shown interest in my problems , and it was only natural to inquire about his . 
 i had sensed the moment i saw those girls talking that they had a good working relationship with him , and i had been right . 
 grayson leaned back against the desk and began to rub his chin as he exhaled slowly , his eyes reminiscent of the past . 
 `` i figured i could either continue on that path that would eventually lead to complete self-destruction and self-hatred , or i could do something about it . 
 there were n't many options left . '' 
 he looked up again , his eyes sparkling with defiance . 
 `` i borrowed more money and started my own business , focusing on finding diamonds in the rough while relying on rich benefactors , working on appearance . 
 i poured all the money i earned into advertising and hosting parties , building connections , until i found one rich investor who helped me put together a client list , one at a time . '' 
 he smiled , his face relaxing slightly . 
 `` i worked my ass off day and night , but taking out a bigger loan was a risk worth taking . 
 to make a business successful , you have to invest in it . '' 
 his pale blue eyes assessed me , and his lips twitched , though whether it was with amusement or sarcasm i could n't tell . 
 `` what ? 
 you thought it was all given to me ? '' 
 i hesitated . 
 considering that grayson was so young , i actually had thought so , but i was n't going to admit that to him . 
 instead , i said , `` surely it must have cost a fortune to set up a studio and build a reputation . '' 
 he rolled up the measuring tape and jotted the numbers down , taking his time to answer . 
 `` it was n't cheap , and there were times when i doubted my decision . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 grayson hesitated again , as though he was unsure as to whether or not to reveal the truth . 
 `` i 'm a school dropout . 
 my family was poor , so i had no other choice than to start working . 
 everything i 've built is the result of my struggles and learning from mistakes-lots and lots of mistakes , by me and others . '' 
 he turned to me , narrowing his eyes in thought . 
 `` the most important thing i 've learned along the way is that it 's okay to quit when something is n't working out , because continuing is a waste of my time and energy . 
 you have to put faith in your abilities . 
 most people make the mistake of focusing on too many things at a time , making too many plans that are impossible to follow through on . 
 i focused on what i was good at and listened to people 's wishes and demands . '' 
 he put the measuring tape away and returned with a camera . 
 `` you know what i always say to young artists who ask me for advice ? '' 
 i shook my head because i had no idea . 
 `` hope is the nightingale that still sings while the night is young . 
 it 's my favorite quote , a reminder that a bad situation , a bad experience , should never stop you from having faith . 
 eventually , you 'll find the right path . '' 
 he pointed to the white wall , and i walked over , waiting for instructions . 
 from the corner of my eyes , i scanned the far side of the wall , which was covered with pictures of beautiful models , some in lingerie , others wearing clothes . 
 even among so many beautiful faces , thalia stood out straight away . 
 i almost flinched when grayson touched my chin with surprisingly warm fingers . 
 my skin started to tingle as he gently turned my face to the right , then down . 
 `` perfect , '' he muttered and stepped back . 
 a flash blinded me , and within seconds , a polaroid photo emerged . 
 he waved it in the air until the white space turned into a colored image of my face . 
 he wrote my fake name on the picture and attached it to the questionnaire with a clip . 
 `` we 're done . 
 you can sit down . '' 
 with the file in his hand , he walked over to his desk and slumped into his seat . 
 `` will you give me a chance ? '' 
 i asked after a pause . 
 he began to tap his pen against his lips . 
 i tried to read his expression , but his eyes remained expressionless . 
 eventually he said , `` it depends . '' 
 he leaned back with an expression i could n't decipher . 
 `` will you go nude ? '' 
 i stared at him , perplexed . 
 all the positive thoughts i had harbored about him , were now gone , disappearing like bubbles in the air . 
 `` thalia said i would n't have to take off my clothes . '' 
 `` that 's true . '' 
 he nodded , and for the first time , he genuinely smiled as though something amused him . 
 `` but there 's this thing with your height . '' 
 what the heck was wrong with my height-or the lack thereof ? 
 i frowned , unsure where the conversation was heading . 
 `` what 's wrong with it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i 'll be honest with you , jenna . 
 you have good proportions , though not model perfect , and a good face , which i 'm sure will appeal to some of my clients , '' grayson continued , `` but you 're a few inches too short to work as a model . '' 
 my temper flared . 
 `` i 'm as tall as thalia . '' 
 i jutted my chin out . 
 he smiled again , then moved over to me and leaned against the desk again , regarding me coolly . 
 `` that might be true , but thalia 's exotic . 
 her heritage , part creole/american and indian/italian , is very popular with my clients , so she 's in high demand . 
 you , in turn ... i do n't know how to put this nicely ... you 're common . '' 
 ouch . 
 enough insults for a day . 
 it had been a bad idea to come . 
 obviously , i was wasting my time . 
 `` you might as well have told me straight away that i 'm not fit for the job before you wasted my time and yours with all those questions , '' i said . 
 holding my head high , i stood up and headed for the door . 
 grayson 's fingers curled around my upper arm , stopping me in my tracks . 
 `` i 'm not finished . '' 
 i snapped my head back in annoyance , and grayson let go of my arm . 
 as he caught my glance , his smile vanished , and he returned to his previous reserved self . 
 `` i never said you are n't a good fit , '' he said quietly . 
 `` the job is yours , as long as you 're willing to go along with my clients ' demands , and go nude . '' 
 i would never pose nude . 
 never . 
 the thought was absurd . 
 `` what if i do n't agree with something they want ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` then you wo n't get the job . 
 given your situation , if you want to earn good money , nude shoots are exactly what you need . 
 flexibility and the willingness to go nude is how i secure a working contract with a client , not just for a single job but for future work as well . 
 if a client likes working with a particular model , they 'll want to book her again . '' 
 `` i work with clients , and am aware of the importance of customer satisfaction , '' i remarked dryly . 
 i certainly did n't need a lecture on that . 
 sighing , i leaned back and crossed my arms . 
 he wet his lips carefully in thought , his glance moving from my eyes to my lips , and for an instant , i felt another pang of shame burning through me . 
 `` look , all i 'm saying is that i need you to be flexible . '' 
 he spread his hands out . 
 `` your options are limited , not least because you 're not exactly the right height . 
 so , the only option is to offer them more , including a great personality and a little bit of skin . '' 
 he paused to take in my reaction . 
 when i remained quiet , he continued . 
 `` i 'm not saying you absolutely have to go nude . 
 i 'm also not saying you 'll have to go nude for every single work contract . 
 all i 'm saying is that you should keep the option open rather than being so judgmental about it , because i have many different clients with many different needs . '' 
 he was probably right , but i was n't convinced just yet . 
 `` how do you define nude ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he leaned forward , so close i could see the little flecks in his blue iris . 
 `` nude can mean a lot of things , jenna . 
 it can be topless , bikini , or panty . 
 it can even be implied nude , where you cover certain body parts . 
 many of my clients want that . 
 in this kind of job , as long as you are willing to go nude , you can choose the limit , what you are comfortable with , but some of my clients want to see skin . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i do n't want to be topless , even if i can cover up , '' i explained . 
 `` i understand . '' 
 he leaned back again and regarded me with an expression i could n't place . 
 for a moment , silence ensued between us . 
 awkward silence . 
 his expression showed hesitation , as though he was considering whether i was really worth the trouble . 
 or maybe he thought i was an idiot for not taking him up on his offer when he was generous enough to give me a chance . 
 suddenly , i was reminded of the fact that i was pregnant and had no money . 
 terrified that i might not find another well-paying job anytime soon . 
 after college , i had been unemployed for nine months , only to land a poor-paying job . 
 what if i had to wait another nine months to secure my next position ? 
 besides , who would hire a mother-to-be with a child on the way ? 
 this pregnancy would change my body , and not for the better . 
 what if there was no job at all for me in the near future , unless i agreed to taking off my clothes or ... worse ? 
 my god . 
 my heart slumped in my chest . 
 as much as i hated the idea of being half-nude or naked , i figured i could tolerate it for the time being-as long as i could use my arms and hands to cover up and i still had the confidence , no stretch marks , good skin , and felt more or less human , without the urge to throw up or pee . 
 `` you know , those strict morals wo n't get you far in this industry , '' grayson remarked . 
 `` i did worse to build up my career and get it going . 
 the girls you saw out there use their jobs as a backup , to get started . '' 
 what the heck did he mean by `` strict morals ? '' 
 was it such a bad thing that i preferred not to show my private business to the entire world ? 
 i swallowed the lump in my throat , suddenly afraid that grayson might find me too difficult to work with , that he had the impression i was too proud . 
 `` as long as i 'm not butt naked , i 'll be okay with it , '' i said and raised my head defiantly . 
 `` obviously , i prefer clothes , but if there are really no other options , then i 'll do it . 
 but i wo n't do more than that , and it has to be tasteful and classy at all times . '' 
 i was about to add , `` take it or leave it , '' then decided against it . 
 he seemed like a nice guy ; there was no need to alienate or insult him and his line of work . 
 grayson unscrewed his pen and scribbled something on the paper . 
 eventually , he dropped his pen on the desk and crossed his ankles in front of him , staring at the floor . 
 `` jenna , it 's not about me . 
 it 's about them-my clients . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` this is a supply-and-demand business , and my clientele can be very specific in their demands . 
 they often come to me with certain expectations and demand that my models follow through with them . 
 no exceptions . 
 i ca n't afford to hire models who refuse to comply with the requests . 
 it would be bad for my reputation , not to mention unprofessional . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 `` i understand , however - '' leaving the rest unspoken , i drew a sharp breath , ready to stand my ground . 
 `` so where does this leave me ? '' 
 grayson clasped his hands together and began to tap his thumbs in thought . 
 `` what i can do for you is add you to our model catalog today and see how my clients react , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll let them know your limits . 
 we might get some interest at some point , but i ca n't promise you anything . 
 most want models who are ... open . 
 i can not state the importance of that . 
 it all depends on my clients and your willingness to do what they expect of you . '' 
 `` so until then , there 'll be no work contract for me ? '' 
 i could n't hide the disappointment in my voice . 
 no contracts equaled no job offers , which , in turn , equaled no money . 
 `` at some point '' could mean anything . 
 it could be the next week or next month . 
 it could even be the next year . 
 i had no time for waiting . 
 besides , patience had never been my thing . 
 `` on the contrary , jenna . '' 
 he stood up , all six-foot-something of him , and his blue eyes penetrated me with amusement . 
 my skin tingled with anticipation . 
 `` five weeks . '' 
 `` five weeks what ? '' 
 i asked , confused . 
 `` five weeks is all i can give you . 
 after that , we 'll see what happens . '' 
 in the distance , i could hear a clock ticking , reminding me that time was running out . 
 i had to make a decision . 
 `` i wo n't disappoint you , '' i said at last . 
 `` good . '' 
 grayson returned to his seat and folded his arms . 
 `` send thalia back in on your way out . '' 
 i nodded , realizing this was my cue to leave . 
 for some reason , i could sense that grayson was irritated . 
 i did n't know whether it was because i was n't excited to do nude jobs or because he was n't pleased with my answers . 
 for all i knew , the interview had taken more time than he had intended to give it . 
 whatever the case , i decided not to analyze the situation too much . 
 i sat up and straightened my dress . 
 `` thank you for taking a chance on me . 
 it means a lot to me . '' 
 i smiled and headed for the door , not waiting for his reply . 
 from the corner of my eyes , i caught grayson looking at my profile , his fingers rubbing his chin in thought . 
 i wondered about his true impression of me , but even more so , i wondered what jett would have said about my new job-if we were still together . 
 chapter 5 `` woo-hoo , '' thalia shouted the moment we were alone . 
 `` you 're in . '' 
 as i stepped out of the building , the cold air whipped my hair into my face . 
 i had no clue how late it was , but after thalia 's repeated , if not desperate , attempts to convince me to let her drive me home rather than take a taxi , i gave in . 
 there was no sense in wasting money i did n't have or in hurting her feelings after she had done so much for me already . 
 throughout the drive to brooklyn heights , i absent-mindedly listened to thalia 's recollection of all the jobs she had been booked for . 
 i was physically present , but my mind was elsewhere . 
 it was clear to me that jett 's home was no longer mine and that i had to break off our relationship as soon as possible . 
 lots of people end relationships over the phone these days , do n't they ? 
 to make sure he would n't reply , i figured i could call at four a.m. or during the day when he was at the office . 
 i had no idea what i 'd say , but i figured being short and blunt-without causing any more unnecessary drama-was the best way to go . 
 something like , `` it 's over . 
 do n't contact me again . 
 bye and good luck screwing the next idiot . 
 oh , and by the way , i quit . '' 
 scratch the last couple parts . 
 i had to make sure to let him know i was completely over him-without sounding spiteful or accusatory . 
 to make sure , he did n't come back for answers , i would simply proclaim , `` it 's not you . 
 it 's me , '' in my most convincing tone , even though that was n't entirely true . 
 of course it was always about them . 
 but what about the gifts ? 
 unintentionally , i touched the diamond pendant around my neck , realizing that it was n't quite over until i returned the few gifts he had given me during our time together . 
 obviously , i could n't keep them from a moral standpoint , as well as due to the fact that they 'd always act as painful reminders of all the good times we had spent together . 
 happy times that had been nothing but illusions , cobwebs of dreams and lies . 
 leaving a phone message was n't good enough . 
 i 'd have to write him a brief note and include it in a parcel i 'd send together with the necklace . 
 and maybe-sometime in the future , when i felt stronger and over him-i 'd leave him a message on his answering machine to ask for my meager belongings , maybe tell him to fedex them to me . 
 eventually , we reached brooklyn heights , and i asked thalia to drop me off around the corner and farther down the street from where i used to live . 
 although i would have liked to consider thalia as a new friend , there was no need to let her know my exact address . 
 trust was n't easily built . 
 while i liked her , i still had to build trust , not only to her but also to myself and to everyone around me . 
 in the past few months , i had been more gullible than ever before . 
 it had all been too easy to fall in love with jett , to freely give my heart away , hoping for the best . 
 i had been too quick to invite him into my bed and even quicker in my hopes to marry him . 
 now i could see how stupid i had been and i was n't ready yet-if ever-to return to my old life , to be the old , naive brooke who believed in fairy tales . 
 if anything , the whole lesson taught me to never again trust a sexy guy in a tailored suit , and particularly not one with eyes as smoldering as fire , a body that could turn on the heat , and a voice that would melt away any woman 's last inhibition . 
 as soon as we arrived , thalia stopped the car . 
 i said goodbye , then watched her drive away . 
 for a few seconds , i stood under the street lamp , aware that i was alone on a deserted street in the middle of the night . 
 i dreaded the imminent conversation with sylvie almost as much i dreaded returning to an empty room in a tiny apartment , the meager surroundings i had lived in for many years before moving in with jett . 
 deep down , i was afraid of returning to my old , lonely life . 
 my heart sank at the thought of that unknown future . 
 touching my stomach , i imagined my life without jett . 
 it was depressing to realize that i 'd have to give birth alone to a child and raise her without a father . 
 and how would i answer my baby 's questions about her father was when i could n't bear to ever see him again ? 
 would i be able to cope ? 
 work would keep me busy , but what would happen when i was alone-at home-in bed with nothing but my dark thoughts to keep me company ? 
 i could control those thoughts during the day , when i was busy , but i feared those moments of complete depression and utter humiliation at night , when my solitude would result in obsession and isolation , and all the questions and fears would come circling back . 
 there was no doubt about the fact that , sooner or later , jett would want to see me , if only to demand an explanation for my sudden disappearance and my avoidance of him-not because he cared , but because of his gigantic ego . 
 i feared the moment when he 'd appear in front of sylvie 's door . 
 what if i was n't strong enough to resist him ? 
 what if his words drew me back to him , because i was still not over him , and i allowed him to deceive me all over again ? 
 i shuddered at the thought . 
 that can never happen , stewart . 
 never . 
 he had broken my heart in so many places i 'd never be complete again . 
 my heart still ached , and the image of them kissing would be forever etched in my mind . 
 for the sake of my sanity , i had to stay away from him-if only i knew how . 
 believing lies was easy when the truth was too painful to accept . 
 my hands itched to switch on my cell phone , because a part of me just did n't want to give up hope . 
 i longed to hear jett 's voice , and yet another part of me wanted to make his life a living hell for destroying us and everything i had believed in . 
 the thought of taking him back after his betrayal enraged me so much that i quickened my pace , as if there was some slight possibility that i could outrun my own masochistic urges and stop hurting myself . 
 whatever his intentions , jett was not good for me . 
 staying with him and allowing him to deceive me . 
 even seeing him again would n't be good for my mental health . 
 it would all be too tempting to recount the positive times and forget about the bad ones ; i 'd foolishly forgive his cheating while allowing one excuse after another until my confidence would die like a frog in a boiling pot . 
 somewhere in the distance , a bird screeched , and i could n't help but think of grayson 's words about nightingales and the need to find one 's path . 
 for me , that path was just beginning . 
 wrapping my coat tighter around me , i hurried to get to my destination . 
 the street was dark and eerily quiet . 
 police sirens echoed in the distance , and then the silence resumed . 
 i rounded the corner . 
 ahead was the familiar five-story building . 
 other than a little light coming from a window on the second floor , all apartments were bathed in darkness . 
 reaching the front door , i tried to push the key into the lock when it slipped out of my cold hand and dropped to the ground , the sound unnaturally loud in the quietness . 
 i winced . 
 for a second , i had the image of someone opening a window and telling me to shut up , but no one stirred . 
 as i bent down to recover the keys , i heard a different sound . 
 soft , thudding steps carried over from my right , and for a brief moment i caught a flash of movement , from the periphery of my vision . 
 someone was following me . 
 my heart almost stopped in my chest , then picked up with incredible speed . 
 the hairs on my arms rose . 
 i turned my head , panic rising inside me , and peered around me . 
 i had been so absorbed in my thoughts about the future that it had n't occurred to me that someone might be following or watching me . 
 not once had i bothered to look behind me . 
 talk about being careless . 
 it was new york city-not exactly the safest place in the world at night . 
 pressing my handbag against my chest , i scanned the dark street again , ready to scream my lungs out of my chest if need be , but there was no one . 
 the realization that i was overreacting did n't manage to calm me . 
 with shaky hands , i quickly snatched the key off the ground and let myself into the building , then slammed the door behind me . 
 my breath came shallow and fast as i strained to listen for any sounds . 
 except for the wind swirling and hissing outside the windows , there was silence , but i could n't shake off the feeling that , in that very instant , i was being watched . 
 could it be jett ? 
 it had to be him . 
 the thought that it might be someone else perturbed me . 
 however , i had to take that into account and be prepared for anything . 
 for a few minutes i just stood there , the image from before replaying in my mind on a constant loop while my eyes continued to scan the street outside the glass door . 
 whatever that flash of movement had been , it had happened too quickly , and the thudding sound had been too sudden . 
 was it possible that i was being paranoid ? 
 again and again , my eyes scanned the streets . 
 apart from a few passing vehicles , the night remained as quiet as a tomb . 
 no one walked past . 
 no one emerged from behind the bushes and trees that were bathed in darkness . 
 eventually , i decided that maybe my nerves were overworked and my unsettled mind had played a trick on me . 
 not only was i tired , but i also had a hard day behind me . 
 riding the elevator up to the fifth floor to our small apartment , i decided that i had to deal with my stress level . 
 jett had occupied my mind for too long ; he had become a distraction from more important issues . 
 if i wanted to build my life without him , i needed to take a break from even thinking about him . 
 my thoughts and feelings for him had become a bitter poison to my soul , and there was only one solution : i had to get rid of them-the anger , the denial , the pity . 
 anything would do , as long as my thoughts stopped circling back to him and i would stop seeing his face in my mind . 
 i figured , once i arrived home , i 'd write a list so that i 'd never forget what jett had done to me and learn to accept what had happened in order to leave the past behind . 
 chapter 6 i pushed the key into the lock and let myself in , welcoming the faint smell of my former home and the silence that seemed to penetrate every wall . 
 sylvie 's designer handbag , coat , and heels were gone , meaning she was out , probably working late or on a date . 
 dropping my handbag on the old coffee table in the hall , i kicked off my shoes , and headed into the kitchen to make myself a sandwich . 
 i ate slowly , taking measured bites , then slumped onto the bed in my room . 
 my body felt exhausted , but i was unable to close my eyes and rest because of the racing thoughts in my mind . 
 eventually , i could n't bear the mental torture anymore . 
 i had to check if the legal firm had called back , so i switched on my cell phone , ignoring the hammering in my chest at the thought that jett might have tried to contact me . 
 i was afraid of his next lie , afraid that hearing his voice or even reading his texts might catapult me back onto dangerous terrain , where each word was like a double-sided blade : beautiful to look at but too dangerous to come close to . 
 the screen came to life and sure enough , text messages and call notifications began to pop up one after another . 
 my skin prickled as my fingers swiped over the message button . 
 crap . 
 two text messages and eight calls . 
 and all were from jett . 
 still no reply from the legal firm . 
 but it was a weekend , so i was n't particularly surprised . 
 sinking back against the cushions , i stared at jett 's name , a part of me wondering what he had to say while a different part of me wished i could just tell him to go to hell . 
 while it was n't like me to seek confrontation , the silence suffocated me . 
 with a sigh , i unclasped the necklace from around my neck and locked it inside a drawer-the action making me feel better already , as though i was finally taking my fate into my own hands . 
 yet sadness continued to linger inside my heart . 
 as the seconds turned to minutes , my indecision tugged at me , until i could n't bear it any longer . 
 i had to read his messages . 
 at least one . 
 without hesitation , almost automatically , i opened the first text message . 
 baby , i 'm done at work and will be back at the hotel in 10 min . 
 ca n't wait to see you . 
 he sounded so innocent , it was ridiculous . 
 be back at the hotel ? 
 he had been there all along . 
 what a liar ! 
 staring at the screen , i checked the timestamp , my hands gripping the phone so hard i feared it would break . 
 the message had been sent half an hour after thalia had picked me up , which meant jett had probably spent the entire day with tiffany-plenty of time for them to have a little fun in their private hotel room , probably laughing at my stupidity . 
 i smiled bitterly as i scanned the next message , sent an hour after the first . 
 have you forgotten our date ? 
 where are you ? 
 let me know so i can pick you up . 
 my pulse raced at the obvious annoyance seeping from between the lines . 
 who the hell did he think he was ? 
 did he really believe i would wait for him in a room all day while he enjoyed himself with someone else ? 
 slowly , all the conflicting emotions that had been building up throughout the day erupted at once . 
 the cold breeze turned into a raging storm . 
 not only was he a cheater and a liar ; he was also trying to make me feel bad about not obeying his commands . 
 the thought that he sought control over me made me so angry , i grabbed my pillow and threw it against the wall . 
 forgotten our date ? 
 as if . 
 for once , i wished that had been the case . 
 before i realized what i was doing , my fingers quickly typed up a reply message . 
 i want you to f ** k off and get out of my life . 
 i trusted your word , and you betrayed me . 
 do n't deny it . 
 i saw you with her . 
 how could you hurt me like that ? 
 my fingers lingered over the send button , hesitating . 
 it would be the only message jett would receive before i blocked his number forever . 
 what was holding me back from sending it ? 
 in the end , i realized as much as i wanted to , i could n't do it . 
 i was n't yet ready to admit to him the extent of my hurt feelings . 
 besides , what would be the point of letting him known how hurt i was ? 
 or telling him i saw him with her ? 
 he 'd only deny it and then he 'd probably start calling , attempting to sway me over , and that i could n't afford . 
 or , worst-case scenario , jett would shrug it all off with no care that he had hurt me , telling me it was his right to kiss whoever he wanted . 
 my stomach did a flip . 
 that would really be the tip of the iceberg . 
 we were n't married ; i had no claim on him . 
 but even though i could admit that to myself , i knew i would n't be able to hear those words coming from his mouth . 
 ultimately , i pressed delete in the hope that my refusal to talk to him and listen to any more lies would grant me the energy to stay strong and move on . 
 i figured , as long as i did n't hear his voice or see him in person , the list of arguments i had put together would help me stay out of his path . 
 and maybe , in time , my feelings for him would fade away . 
 come to think of it , now would be a good time to have sylvie close by . 
 but until she got back - a soft knock jerked me out of my thoughts . 
 i strained to listen , unsure whether it had been my imagination , when the key turned in the lock . 
 a well of release rose inside me . 
 sylvie was back . 
 it was about time . 
 i could n't wait to pour out my heart and soul , and bitch about jett . 
 if anyone could help me-if only by listening and being overly annoying-it was sylvie . 
 she was the only one who knew how to distract me . 
 the doorknob jiggled before there was another frustrated thud , followed by a knock . 
 `` i 'm coming ! '' 
 i shouted , figuring the door was stuck again . 
 it happened often , particularly when sylvie was so drunk that it took her a while to turn the key at just the right angle . 
 not her fault though . 
 we had an old lock ; the kind that had to be jiggled a few times . 
 sometimes , when it was really stuck , we had to kick the door hard , until the bolt released . 
 we had been meaning to get it fixed for ages , but money was always tight and sylvie too busy with more pressing issues than calling a locksmith . 
 as i hurried down the hall , i already felt better in the knowledge that i 'd soon be able to share my misery with someone who cared . 
 `` just leave it . 
 i got it , '' i said and pulled the door open . 
 no one there . 
 my breath caught in my throat , and my smile froze in place . 
 as my glance swept over the empty hall , a sense of dread traveled down my spine . 
 there were only two other doors in the corridor , and both were closed , but i knew someone had been there , because i was sure i had heard a key turning in the lock . 
 the fact that the lights were switched on was proof that i had n't just imagined it . 
 `` sylvie ? '' 
 i asked quietly as i stepped into the narrow hall . 
 had she forgotten something in her car and headed back downstairs to get it ? 
 frowning , i bent over the railing and scanned the illuminated levels below , but there was no sign of her . 
 no sign of anyone . 
 `` sylvie ? '' 
 i whispered again , unable to stop the trembling in my voice even though i knew it had to be her . 
 why would n't she reply when i called her name ? 
 my mind began to make up logical explanations . 
 maybe she was entrenched in her thoughts . 
 maybe she was making out with her date that instant , completely filled with lust and oblivious to everything around her . 
 still , why would she head back downstairs and not bring him up to the apartment like she had done with previous dates ? 
 what if ... ? 
 no . 
 i pressed my hands against my chest in fear and scanned the staircase again , suddenly aware of the faint sound of footsteps , then breathing . 
 my head snapped in that direction . 
 without a doubt , the sounds carried up from somewhere below , near the stairs on the first floor . 
 my heart pounded hard against my ribs as the scene from earlier that day flashed through my mind : the strange movement , accompanied by the unsettling feeling of being watched . 
 what if someone had followed me inside the building ? 
 but how was that possible , unless they had a key ? 
 maybe i was being paranoid or , worse yet , developing a severe case of schizophrenia that was making me imagine things . 
 it 'd certainly make sense . 
 really ? 
 god . 
 self-denial was bliss . 
 then i heard it again-breathing and more shuffling . 
 listening intently , i held my breath . 
 there was no mistaking he fact that someone was there that very instant , in the corridor below , listening to me , maybe even watching me , knowing i was scared out of my mind . 
 a voice inside my brain urged me to move , but my legs would n't budge from the spot as my eyes scanned frantically for any signs , waiting for the predator to show himself . 
 suddenly , the lights switched off , and everything went dark . 
 i remained rooted to the spot , a pang of panic shooting through my body , crippling me . 
 i turned my head sharply toward the weak light coming from the kitchen of our apartment . 
 my heart pounded harder as my mind began to conjure up images of someone creeping up the stairs , ready to kill me . 
 what if it was jett 's crazy brother ? 
 out of all the people who had ever meant to hurt me , he was the most obvious choice , given the circumstances . 
 getting inside and locking up was the only coherent thought i could form . 
 as fast as my legs could carry me , i sprinted back to our apartment and slammed the door . 
 my legs were trembling with so much force that i had to lean against the wall to stop them from giving out on me . 
 my breathing was labored and as loud as a whistling train , and my mind kept obsessing over the identity of the person outside . 
 could it have been jett ? 
 it had to be . 
 i would n't have been surprised . 
 he had always been sort of dominant , never taking `` no '' for an answer . 
 the last time i had failed to answer his calls or texts , he tracked me down . 
 i settled on him as the most obvious explanation ; any other possibility would scare me too much . 
 taking another sip , i leaned back against the cushions and pressed the cold glass of water against my throbbing temple . 
 my eyelids felt heavily and i let them fall , the disturbing images of jett with another woman drifting at the back of my mind and cruelly dancing there as i fell asleep . 
 *** from the periphery of my mind , i heard the muffled sound of a key turning in a lock and a door jiggling . 
 confused and disoriented , my head snapped in the direction of the noise . 
 one quick glance at the clock revealed that i had dozed off for twenty minutes . 
 twenty minutes since someone had knocked at the door . 
 was it possible that whoever had been outside had hung around that long ? 
 i jumped out of the bed , straining to listen for any more noises over my unnaturally loud puffs of breath . 
 finally , feet shuffled somewhere , and my heart began to hammer hard against my chest . 
 a door opened slowly and closed . 
 not just any door . 
 the door to our apartment . 
 fear grabbed a hold of me as the realization kicked in that whoever had been inside the building might have entered the apartment . 
 all it 'd take was the knowledge to pick a lock . 
 retrieving the baseball bat sylvie had once given me as a joke , in case we were ever burgled , i hid behind the door , mentally preparing myself to do whatever it took to protect myself and my child . 
 my steps were slow and measured as i inched forward and raised the bat high , at head level , ready to bash . 
 eventually , the door to my room opened slowly . 
 `` brooke ? 
 are you here ? '' 
 sylvie 's blonde head popped into my line of vision . 
 her eyes widened with shock when she caught a glimpse of me . 
 `` oh , my god , brooke . '' 
 she pressed a manicured hand against her chest and took a step back , her eyes filled with surprise and fear . 
 `` you scared the living shit out of me . 
 i saw the lights switched on in your room , and i thought someone broke in . 
 i almost called the cops , but then i let myself in and saw your shoes and handbag . 
 why did n't you just - '' she stopped abruptly . 
 a deep frown crossed her features as she eyed my face and then the baseball bat in my hand . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 no , i was n't okay , but where would i even begin ? 
 it was all too much to deal with . 
 my frayed nerves caused my hands and knees to tremble . 
 i dropped to the floor , back pressed against the wall . 
 all the tension i thought was gone , returned in an instant and stronger than before . 
 i did n't even know where to begin . 
 after all the crying and the self-blaming , i felt like an empty shell of myself . 
 `` brooke ? '' 
 she inched closer and gently took the baseball bat out of my hands before she sat down next to me . 
 without a word , she wrapped her arms around me in a tight hug . 
 for a while , we sat there in the stillness , her warmth and touch the only thing that felt real . 
 it was only after my limbs stopped shaking that i told her everything : the bad , the worse , and the blackest moment in my life . 
 recounting my memories almost ripped a hole in my chest , and yet , while the pain was all consuming , i did n't cry-because all the tears i had for him were gone . 
 chapter 7 by the time i finished talking , sylvie had almost emptied an entire bottle . 
 when i insisted that she pour me a glass-not to drink it but to stop her from polishing it off-she adamantly refused . 
 `` you ca n't drink in your condition . '' 
 she patted my hand gently , her eyes blazing with anger . 
 in all my life , i had never seen her so upset , especially when it should have been me who was full of fury . 
 sylvie was n't the crier in our friendship . 
 that was all me . 
 or at least had been upon finding out that jett was cheating on me . 
 now my tears were depleted , and anger and humiliation had taken their place . 
 `` why are you crying ? '' 
 i asked stunned . 
 `` i 'm not . '' 
 she wiped a hand over her eyes to get rid of the telltale moisture at the corners . 
 `` you 're lying . '' 
 `` really , i 'm not . 
 it 's just ... '' a muffled sob escaped her chest . 
 `` please do n't , '' i said with enough determination to get her attention , afraid that her breakdown might tug at my own emotions . 
 `` it just hurts me so much to see you in pain . '' 
 i had no reply for that . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i 'm fine . 
 i got a job , and it pays well , '' i said at last , changing the subject . 
 `` it 's not okay , brooke . '' 
 she looked up at me sternly . 
 `` do n't do that . 
 do n't just brush it all under the rug and pretend it 's not there . '' 
 she pulled a tissue from a kleenex box and began to crumple it . 
 `` how could he cheat on you ? 
 you 're perfect , brooke . 
 what the f ** k is he doing with her when you 're carrying his child ? 
 he was supposed to propose and marry you , not f ** k the next girl . 
 that is n't just a low blow . '' 
 she inhaled a sharp breath , her eyes shimmering with the fury of a scorned woman . 
 `` it 's the lowest thing any man could do . 
 this is so f ** king upsetting i feel like hurting him . '' 
 i smiled , touched by her loyalty . 
 luckily for the both of us , sylvie was all talk , but not exactly a believer in violence . 
 it was just the wine speaking . 
 i could hear the liquid courage in the slur of her voice . 
 `` shit happens , sylvie . 
 you know that . '' 
 i stroked her back in a soothing manner , but was only rewarded with a few tears trickling down her face . 
 `` but you do n't deserve it . '' 
 `` i know , '' i murmured . 
 `` no one ever does . '' 
 seeing her crying and caring so much about me , even when drunk , made me realize just how much i had missed her in the weeks since i moved out . 
 i could almost feel the intensity of her pain-as though she was more hurt than me . 
 my vision blurred , but i did n't want to cry . 
 my head was already throbbing so hard i was afraid it might burst . 
 another tear rolled down her cheek , and she sniffled . 
 `` stop , '' i whispered . 
 as hard as i tried to keep my own tears at bay , i failed . 
 `` i ca n't help it , '' sylvie said . 
 `` i hate what he did to you . 
 i hate that he lied . 
 he could have at least had the balls to tell the truth . '' 
 she took another sip from her glass . 
 `` that 's what bothers me the most , too . '' 
 i grabbed the glass of wine and pushed it across the table before she could take another sip , and squeezed her hands , forcing her to look at me . 
 `` i 'll be okay . 
 my heart will heal ... eventually . 
 it always does . 
 do n't worry about me . '' 
 `` but how can i not ? 
 you 're my best friend , my sister , the kindest person i know , '' sylvie said . 
 `` i saw how much that guy meant to you . 
 you told me he was your first love . 
 he did n't have to go and give it away like that . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i 'll get over him , sylvie . '' 
 `` it 's all my fault . '' 
 `` how is that all your fault ? '' 
 i asked , frowning , unable to follow her train of thought . 
 she moistened her lips and shook her head with a crazy look in her eyes . 
 `` it was my job to keep him away from you . '' 
 she squeezed my hand so tight it almost hurt . 
 `` brooke , i promise that i 'll kick his door in and cut off his f ** king dick . 
 i 'll make sure he 'll never , ever use it again . '' 
 she looked so dead serious , i laughed out loud . 
 `` no , you wo n't . '' 
 `` oh , i will , '' she said with a deadpan face . 
 `` and you know what else ? '' 
 i shook my head and regarded her , amused . 
 `` i 'll hook you up with a real guy . 
 someone sexy . 
 somebody who 'll make him eat his heart out . 
 together we 'll find you a new boyfriend , somebody much better than what 's - his-name . '' 
 she leaned forward . 
 `` you have to take charge , brooke . 
 you have to hurt him the way he 's hurt you , a leg for a leg . '' 
 `` you mean , an eye for an eye ? '' 
 in spite of the gravity of the situation , i found myself smiling . 
 `` yeah , that 's it . 
 chick for a guy . 
 kiss for good sex . 
 whatever . 
 by the time you 're done with him , he 'll be begging to get you back . 
 just promise me one thing . '' 
 her voice dropped to a conspiratorial whisper . 
 `` do n't ever let him into your panties again . '' 
 i nodded , confident that i could keep that promise . 
 `` i wo n't . 
 i wo n't even think about it . '' 
 i was sure that would never happen again . 
 but what about my dreams , my hopes , my wishes ? 
 my heart sank . 
 jett had cheated on me , and it hurt like hell , but sure as heaven , our time together had n't been bad . 
 he had made me feel good-most of the time . 
 okay , that was a lie . 
 he had always made me feel good , that is until he cheated on me . 
 and he also made me feel safe like no other man had before . 
 as much as i wanted to push him away , there was no guarantee that , sooner or later , my body would n't yearn for his . 
 it would start subtly , in my dreams , but as time progressed , it would get worse , until i 'd see a little of him in every man who crossed my path . 
 my subconscious mind would crave that time when i felt happy , safe , and in love . 
 i prayed that before my subconscious took control , i 'd meet someone new-someone who would replace him and would never let me down . 
 and i hoped that special someone would give me the ability to control my sappy heart so that when i fell in love , i would n't drown in feelings . 
 `` let 's go out . '' 
 sylvie 's voice brought me back to reality . 
 `` maybe some other time , '' i said . 
 `` right now , all i want is some rest . '' 
 i smiled at her in the hope she 'd understand . 
 the day had left me exhausted , eager to find solitude in the confined space of my previous room . 
 `` sure , sweetie . 
 whatever you want , '' sylvie said , `` but you owe me a girls ' night out . '' 
 my smile widened at the idea of it : eating takeout , watching television , and laughing like schoolgirls until we could n't breathe . 
 i had n't had one of those nights in ages and realized just i much i had missed it . 
 `` sounds great . '' 
 following sylvie 's advice , i headed for my room and collapsed into bed , ignoring the cell phone beckoning me from the nightstand . 
 chapter 8 the next morning , to my surprise , thalia called to tell me i needed to drop by grayson 's studio . 
 i stepped into the kitchen and prepared myself a cup of coffee . 
 rain splattered against the windows , mirroring the way i felt : battered and depressed . 
 deciding what to wear from sylvie 's closet and preparing my makeup took forever . 
 it took just as long to assure sylvie that i was good enough to work on sunday . 
 by the time i reached grayson 's place , my hair was a mess and my back slick with sweat , but i had never been more excited . 
 it was my way to cope with my nervousness over jett 's call ; sylvie had told him in her most nonchalant voice that i was going to stay with her for a few days because she needed me , hence buying me time to think about what i really wanted to say to him . 
 like the day before , thalia helped me change and did my makeup and hair ; apparently , i was n't fit to see grayson the way i looked , and then i finally got to see the real studio . 
 one minute i was chatting to the other girls , and the next grayson came in and demanded our full attention . 
 `` watch and learn , '' grayson called out to me , jerking me out of my thoughts . 
 i did as he said , albeit with apprehension at the thought of becoming one of his models . 
 i sat in a swivel chair , with a bottle of water in my hand , and observed in silence , my attention once again returning from jett to the task at hand . 
 on the west side , huge birch branches and plastic trees were decorated with white garland and pomanders in front of a backdrop support and lots of lighting gear . 
 grayson snapped picture after picture while communicating short but clear instructions on how each model was to pose . 
 i decided it was n't going to be such a bad job , though it would n't be easy . 
 thalia had made an understatement in saying i 'd just have to stand around and look sexy . 
 grayson 's instructions were as varied as i thought they would be , and he kept each girl busy and on her toes-in all possible positions-albeit not nearly as dirty as i had imagined . 
 a tall woman , who looked as though she could walk the runway in underwear , sat down on a broad flower swing , her hands holding on the ropes , while she crossed one leg over the other-harboring a dreamy look in her eyes . 
 it looked sensual but not cheap or dirty . 
 there was something elegant and almost classy about the way grayson took the pictures , but even more fascinating was the way the girls posed in their colorful polka-dot dresses . 
 i could n't help but wonder if the pictures would be as beautiful as the models looked that instant . 
 `` jenna , hop in there , '' grayson shouted , beckoning me over as he ushered the tall model off the set . 
 i almost fell out of my seat . 
 `` me ? '' 
 i asked incredulously . 
 my gaze moved to thalia , who smiled encouragingly at me . 
 `` who else ? 
 you know anyone else in here by that name ? '' 
 grayson 's voice dripped with impatience . 
 figuring he might decide to change his mind if i did n't move my ass , i rushed over to the girl on the swing . 
 grayson nodded , satisfied , and began to take charge . 
 at first , i felt out of place , but it was n't as bad as i imagined it would be . 
 he snapped a few pictures of us , then turned the focus on me . 
 following grayson 's clear instructions , i sat under one of the plastic trees , with my legs stretched out in a sexy pose , holding a closed , old book as if in thought . 
 another model peeked from behind the tree , as if trying to get my attention . 
 i had barely taken the position and gotten comfortable when grayson called out , `` good work , everyone . '' 
 he set the camera aside and began to clap , which i assumed was a sign that we were done . 
 his applause was rewarded with more clapping from the models . 
 `` as you all know , tomorrow we 'll be hosting a big event , and the studio will be turned into a gallery , '' grayson said . 
 `` i need each and every one of you here on time , so you can get ready . '' 
 grayson 's blue eyes turned to me . 
 `` you too , jenna . 
 thalia will fill you in . '' 
 he turned back toward the group . 
 `` gina , sarah , and thalia , you will pose for our guests . 
 the rest of you will entertain , serve cocktails , and generally be your usual gorgeous selves . 
 make sure you give it your best . 
 whoever books a job gets a bonus . 
 the checks will be in the mail . 
 do you have any questions ? '' 
 my heart began to race . 
 i could n't believe that grayson was already inviting me to a huge event . 
 for a second , i felt like hugging him , grateful that he had thought of me when i really had given him no reason to . 
 maybe me posing had changed his mind that i was worth taking a chance on , or maybe he was short of one girl . 
 either way , i was grateful for any hours he was willing to give me . 
 serving cocktails and talking to new people did n't sound so bad , particularly since i 'd also be paid for it . 
 one of the sixteen models , a woman with short , platinum-blonde hair , raised her hand to get his attention . 
 `` yes , sarah ? '' 
 grayson said . 
 `` sorry , i ca n't be here tomorrow . 
 i have acting lessons . '' 
 grayson ran his fingers through his hair , wearing an exasperated expression on his face . 
 `` sarah , i counted on you . 
 you knew i 've been planning this event for weeks , so there 's no excuse for your absence . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i 'm really sorry , but tomorrow 's impossible . 
 i tried to cancel , but the class is mandatory . 
 the fee 's already been paid , and i have to attend . '' 
 she shot him an apologetic smile , the kind that would melt anyone 's heart . 
 grayson 's expression did n't soften , and for a moment , i held my breath , anticipating his disapproving reaction . 
 with his brows drawn and his eyes shimmering dangerously , i almost expected him to start shouting and throwing a tantrum , but his mouth just tightened into a thin line . 
 slowly , he turned his back to her , and his blue gaze scanned the group . 
 finally , those baby blues focused on me . 
 i could almost sense his intentions , yet i did n't dare hope . 
 instead , i just held my breath and waited . 
 `` jenna , '' he said sharply , `` you asked for a chance , and this is it . 
 you 'll fill in for sarah , but it 's half-nude . 
 are you in ? '' 
 my heart jumped in my throat . 
 the sudden silence was oppressing . 
 under grayson 's scrutiny , i peered from his face to sarah 's hopeful expression , then back to him , and i found myself nodding . 
 he was right ; it was my chance . 
 whatever he wanted from me , i 'd do it . 
 i had to . 
 even though , to be honest , i had no idea what half-nude meant , but it sounded better than being completely nude `` yes , count me in , '' i said , my voice alien to my ears . 
 `` good . 
 then it 's sorted . '' 
 grayson 's grim expression barely shifted as he pointed to me , thalia , and a girl with bright red hair the color of chili peppers . 
 `` you three will be posing and presenting . 
 do n't disappoint me . 
 i 'm counting on you . '' 
 he expected us to do a great job , meet prospective clients , and earn him some new contracts . 
 given my retail background , i figured i could pull that off , even half-dressed . 
 *** `` that was awesome ! '' 
 thalia shouted the moment we were back in the dressing room . 
 she high-fived me and for the first time in what seemed like forever , i actually felt happy-as hard to believe as that was . 
 before meeting thalia , the thought of posing or modeling had never occurred to me . 
 now i could n't wait to do it again . 
 things had gone so well . 
 not only did i earn my first real working assignment , but grayson was extremely confident that he 'd be able to place the pictures with one of his clients-in fact so confident that he had agreed to pay each of us $ 1,000 . 
 a thousand dollars , which would go a long way toward paying the rent for the month . 
 the prospect of making money and meeting potential new clients excited me , even though i did n't have a clue as to what the job really entailed , except to be charming and help grayson generate more business . 
 surely , compared to the nightmarish scenarios i had encountered in the past , grayson 's offering seemed like the holy grail on the path to improvement . 
 thalia had already shown me the sexy outfits wrapped in plastic , stuffed inside a huge box : brand new clothes that we were allowed to keep after the event . 
 while they were n't exactly my style , the fabric was long enough to cover my private parts , and i was grateful for that . 
 `` we should celebrate , '' thalia said , interlocking her arms with gina 's and mine . 
 `` tomorrow 's going to be so awesome . '' 
 even she sounded like sylvie-untroubled and free of the emotional baggage that came with a hot guy who turned out to be a cheater . 
 `` i 'm not sure we should get drunk before the big day , '' gina muttered , squeezing out of her pink polka-dot dress and changing into a shirt and black jeans that did nothing to hide her beauty . 
 with her porcelain skin and her bright red hair that fit her scowl , she kind of reminded me of a heated version of arielle , the little mermaid . 
 `` you 're a sourpuss , gina . '' 
 thalia nudged her playfully , then turned to me . 
 `` she 's such a buzz-kill . 
 jenna , what do you think ? 
 are you up for finding a bar and having a couple drinks ? '' 
 i laughed with unease . 
 now was the time to reveal my pregnancy , but i could n't tell them and risk grayson finding out when i had barely started the job . 
 `` maybe another time , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm kind of tired . '' 
 `` you guys are all so boring . '' 
 thalia scrunched up her face . 
 `` another time , then . 
 i 'll call you up on it and then i 'll have to insist we 'll hit not one , not two - '' she lifted three fingers as she counted '' - but three bars . 
 and i get to choose where and how we celebrate . 
 deal ? 
 but today - '' her voice dropped to a conspiratorial whisper as the corners of her smile twitched . 
 `` today , i will dare you for one drink at the la rue bar , just one . '' 
 gina and i exchanged glances . 
 `` you 're so bad , '' gina said , laughing . 
 `` one drink , and that 's it . '' 
 `` atta girl . '' 
 thalia 's sharp gaze focused on me , and for a moment i could almost feel it penetrating the barriers of my mind , as though she could see right through me . 
 just one drink . 
 i would n't even have to take more than a sip , and no one would notice . 
 gina shot me a `` trust me '' look . 
 i had never really been much of a drinker anyway , no more than a glass or two of wine , but the idea of spending the evening with new friends brightened my gloomy mood . 
 besides , my obstetrician had even recommended one glass of wine every now and then . 
 `` okay , '' i found myself saying and lifted one finger , `` but one drink only . '' 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 thalia laughed out loud as she locked her arms with ours again . 
 `` that 's totally the plan . 
 come on , girls . 
 first round 's on me . '' 
 chapter 9 it was supposed to be one drink-just one single drink to celebrate the fact that i had found a new job . 
 what 's a night out without colorful cocktails or a cold glass of martini with a green olive on a stick ? 
 ever since becoming pregnant , i had felt i had been missing out on the fun : new york city 's nightlife screaming of light pleasures and dark chaos , quick dates , and drawn-out dramas-all the excitement and disasters that came with going out and not knowing how a particular night would end . 
 at that moment , i hoped it would end in meeting new people , making new friends , and maybe finding the beginnings of a new life-a new path without jett . 
 maybe even a new guy , someone who would take my mind off the past and help me move on . 
 i had worked hard all my life , but finding a new date , a new lover , someone to replace my past love , was harder-particularly in a city like new york that was full of people who had no time for relationships . 
 the only available men for dating were those who worked at night : single , successful , driven , and eager to win and get ahead . 
 those who loved to work hard but f ** ked harder . 
 they reminded me of my old self-eager to build a career , never looking for love or a relationship . 
 if i wanted to get jett out of my head , all i had to do was explore new york at night and meet new people . 
 and all that started with a drink , albeit the nonalcoholic kind , whether i wanted it or not . 
 as we entered la rue , the buzz of people and music immediately made my mind spin in a good way ; the laughter and excitement all around me were surprisingly captivating . 
 `` let 's sit at the bar , '' gina yelled in my ear , `` so we do n't have to walk too far for drinks . '' 
 the bar area was so crammed , i doubted we 'd find one vacant stool , let alone three . 
 `` there 's a table over there , '' i said , ready to push my way through . 
 for once , all the shoving and invasion of my space did n't bother me . 
 thalia motioned to get the barman 's attention and flashed her stunning smile , which had him heading for us in an instant . 
 i jotted down , `` cranberry cocktails-absolutely no alcohol for me , '' on a napkin and pushed it over the counter toward him , with some money tucked inside . 
 he winked at me , then took thalia 's order . 
 a few minutes later , we were sipping our cocktails at a table , our heads bobbing to the music blaring from invisible speakers that forced our conversation into shouts . 
 before long , one cocktail turned into two and then three , and i had to act as though i was drunk-which was fun , but not as much fun as watching my new friends getting hammered . 
 `` she 's single , '' thalia shouted to a group of guys before i could stop her . 
 `` shush . '' 
 i held a finger to my mouth , smiling . 
 `` you 're making me look desperate . '' 
 it was true , but given her intoxicated state , i could n't blame her . 
 a few cocktails into the night and both thalia and gina were drunk . 
 i had no idea how many drinks they had ordered already , because i had lost count at some point . 
 ever since thalia had asked about my relationship status and i had revealed i was single , she was hell bent on changing that by attracting the attention of potential suitors . 
 `` you 're not looking for anyone ? '' 
 gina asked , surprised . 
 `` hell , no . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i 'm enjoying my single life . '' 
 both gina and thalia cast me curious glances . 
 i waved my hand dismissively . 
 `` long story , but getting into a new relationship is the last thing on my mind right now . '' 
 `` ah . 
 bad romance gone worse . '' 
 gina laughed . 
 `` i could sing that song myself . '' 
 she leaned in conspiratorially , her breath smelling of the mint gum she kept chewing . 
 `` who needs love anyway when all you need is someone to warm your bed for the night . '' 
 i stared at her , open-mouthed . 
 `` just to be clear , i do n't want a relationship , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm not ready for one now . '' 
 `` everyone says that after being dumped . '' 
 `` i was n't dumped , '' i protested . 
 `` sure . '' 
 gina winked at me . 
 `` you know , there 's no shame in admitting it . '' 
 `` what gina is trying to say is that we can help you to hook up with someone , '' thalia cut in , surprising me once again in her similarity to sylvie . 
 if it were n't for her exotic looks , she could have been my roommate 's twin . 
 `` we 'll be your wingmen , '' gina said . 
 `` or wing women . '' 
 `` is that even a word ? '' 
 i shook my head ; it was easier than arguing with them in their determined and inebriated state . 
 `` we 'll find you a hookup , '' thalia said . 
 `` no relationships . 
 just a hot guy who 'll make you forget your ex . '' 
 i cringed inwardly . 
 yeah , as if that would happen anytime soon . 
 `` that 's the plan . '' 
 gina pushed her red hair back over her shoulder and stood to scan the room with the eyes of someone who seemed to have done this before . 
 several heads turned toward us and for a moment i wished i could just shrink in my seat so no one would see me . 
 `` please do n't tell me you 're looking for prospective candidates . '' 
 i grabbed her arm and pulled , gently urging her to sit back down , but she would n't budge . 
 `` as a matter of fact , she is , '' thalia said , laughing . 
 `` now sit back and let the professional do her job . 
 clearly , you need someone to help you move on , and when it comes to getting revenge , gina 's the best . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i shook my head again and took a gulp of my drink . 
 `` i 'm not looking for revenge . 
 more like a rescue plan really , something to keep me from running back to him . '' 
 the words tumbled out through my cranberry-tasting lips , and i realized my blunder too late . 
 thalia 's eyebrows knitted together in a frown . 
 `` why would you want to run back to someone ? 
 you call them an ex for a reason . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 why would i want that indeed ? 
 `` i do n't know . 
 the sex was pretty good-amazing really . '' 
 `` here 's what i usually recommend . '' 
 gina finally sat down , turning her attention back to us and wearing a determined look on her face . 
 `` if a man hits five on the list , you sleep with him , if only to feel shitty afterward and replace your good memories with bad ones . '' 
 my lips twitched as i tried hard to suppress the laughter bubbling at the back of my throat . 
 either they were making fun of me , or the alcohol was speaking and they would n't remember a word the following day . 
 `` and what list would that be ? '' 
 `` clean , sexy , good-looking . '' 
 she started counting and paused . 
 `` that 's it . 
 everything else is a bonus . '' 
 i did n't want to point out that she barely got to three points ; maybe two since the term `` clean '' was debatable . 
 `` she 's right , '' thalia said , her speech slurring more by the second . 
 `` it 's hard to find a man who 's caring and sexy , attentive and handsome . 
 and do n't get me started on supportive . '' 
 `` take it from me , '' gina continued , `` most men ran if i so much as asked them to water my plants . '' 
 thalia nudged her . 
 `` you forgot to add hardworking but not completely obsessed with his career to the point of forgetting that you exist . '' 
 `` so you suggest settling for less ? '' 
 i asked , amused . 
 `` no . '' 
 gina drew out the word and exchanged glances with thalia . 
 `` what we 're saying is that if you want to move on , you first need to get laid . 
 there 's no way around that . '' 
 she paused for effect . 
 `` i know the perfect singles bar , and it just so happens to be down the street . 
 let 's pay the place a visit . '' 
 `` i hope you 're not talking about that male strippers club again . '' 
 thalia laughed . 
 gina shot her a dirty look , shutting her up . 
 strippers ? 
 oh , god . 
 it was exactly what i had tried to avoid-running around from one place to the next , because i could n't possibly leave them to their fate . 
 they were too drunk for that , and someone had to make sure they got home safely . 
 as much as i hated the idea , i could n't just abandon them . 
 `` you said just one bar and one drink , '' i muttered . 
 `` i 've changed my mind . '' 
 gina grinned and finished her drink in one gulp . 
 `` we 'll help you , under one condition . '' 
 for some reason , i had a bad feeling . 
 all that talk about sleeping with a stranger made me feel uncomfortable . 
 i narrowed my eyes at her . 
 `` which is ? '' 
 `` we make the decision . '' 
 `` what decision ? '' 
 i asked , confused . 
 gina smiled mysteriously . 
 `` we choose your guy of the night for you . '' 
 at my shocked expression she raised her hands to stop my protest . '' 
 wait . 
 hear me out . 
 you do n't have to sleep with him . 
 just promise that you 'll date him for a couple hours . '' 
 i looked from gina to thalia in confusion . 
 friends choosing a guy for you ? 
 it sounded like a bad idea . 
 i only had to think of my friends ' disaster dates to know that hookups would end in the walk of shame , with my head buried deep in the sand . 
 however , i also wondered what would happen if , for once , i let someone else make such a decision on my behalf . 
 i was n't exactly known for my good judgment in choosing suitable males for a relationship . 
 before jett , i had only dated the kind of guy who could n't commit if his life depended on it . 
 and jett ... i blew out a breath . 
 he had n't been so different than the others , what with his whole misguided idea about not marrying until we were old and gray . 
 he had been such a bad decision . 
 the whole falling-in-love-with-him thing had been a disaster . 
 what if they had more luck than i had ? 
 what if a one-night date , a getting to know a complete stranger without having to sleep with him , was the solution , a way to move on from jett and banish my memories of him-of being with him ? 
 `` jealousy is still the best way to get back at someone , '' gina debated with thalia . 
 `` it 's not about revenge . 
 it 's about regaining your self-respect by knowing you deserve better , '' thalia answered . 
 i held up a hand to stop their chatter . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'll do it . '' 
 i grabbed my bag and coat , ready to banish my memories of jett to the back of my mind , if i hung on to them at all . 
 they stared at me until gina gave thalia a short pat on the shoulder . 
 `` you heard her . 
 let 's go . '' 
 they grabbed their coats and bags in haste , as though they feared i might change my mind . 
 `` but no more drinks for me , '' i said . 
 `` do you remember your address ? '' 
 gina asked , grinning . 
 i frowned . 
 `` yeah . 
 why ? '' 
 `` that 's all that matters . 
 a yellow cab will take care of the rest . '' 
 her face creased up in laughter . 
 `` besides , i 'm next in line to pay , and one last drink wo n't change your life . '' 
 i could only hope so . 
 if only my feelings would stop telling me that she was wrong . 
 chapter 10 when gina had mentioned the singles bar , she forgot to add the fact that she was really talking about an underground club that looked like some sort of seedy , illegal establishment . 
 bass beats were blasting from inside , so loud my head began to pound before we even walked in . 
 the entire building was painted black , reminding me of a graveyard . 
 the entire atmosphere screamed bizarre , and definitely not my style . 
 i should have already realized from the large , red `` hush hush '' neon sign above the entrance door painted in black that it was not the kind of establishment i would ever enter . 
 but instead of arguing and standing my ground at the door , i clamped my mouth shut , waiting to see what could possibly happen next . 
 it was only when a guy covered in tattoos exited , his eyes assessing my body hungrily as his tongue brushed his teeth in a gross gesture , that i desperately wanted to run away . 
 `` are you insane ? '' 
 i hissed at gina . 
 `` what ? 
 are you scared ? '' 
 gina rolled her eyes and pulled at my hand . 
 `` do n't be a pu ** y. i 've been here countless times , and it 's great . 
 just wait until you 're inside . '' 
 `` that 's probably open to interpretation , '' i muttered under my breath . 
 `` you wanted a new date . 
 this is where you 'll find him , '' thalia added . 
 `` in your circumstances , you ca n't be too fussy . 
 you want to stop running back to your ex , right ? '' 
 i wanted to point out that they had insisted on finding me a date and that it had been all their idea , but there was no point in arguing . 
 `` what 's the password ? '' 
 one of the five bouncers asked . 
 he was a big man with greased hair and the most menacing expression i had ever seen . 
 i swallowed hard and looked at gina , inwardly praying she would n't remember . 
 `` you 'll never see it coming , lewis , '' gina said , unfazed , playing with her butterfly necklace . 
 `` tonight i 'll hook up with a hairy guy with large feet and small hands , get his number , then call him next week to tell him he has to go in for std tests . '' 
 `` that 's harsh . '' 
 to my surprise , the bouncer chuckled and , with a wink at gina , he let us in for free . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 i asked , confused , as we descended the stairs into what looked like a basement . 
 `` was that the password ? '' 
 `` there is no a password . '' 
 she looked at me and grimaced . 
 `` lewis and i go way back . 
 it 's just an inside joke we 've had going on forever . '' 
 i nodded knowingly , even though i had no idea what she was talking about . 
 eventually , we reached a dark corridor and moved past black curtains into a crowded room with silver lights that sent a sharp pain through my eyes . 
 i closed them for a moment , unable to suppress a shiver . 
 slowly , i opened my eyes again and let them adjust as i took in my surroundings . 
 `` oh , my god , '' i exclaimed in horror . 
 the whole place was dark and hot , with no windows and no visible exits . 
 like the outside , the walls were painted a gloomy black . 
 it was so hot and stuffy that i figured whoever owned the club must have installed heaters in the corners , probably to entice thirst so their clientele would buy more drinks . 
 the walls looked shabby , and the whole place was in desperate need of some interior design . 
 the tables and chairs were scratched and probably would have benefited from some scrubbing . 
 i did n't want to sit down , let alone touch anything . 
 `` it 's awesome , right ? '' 
 thalia gushed , pointing to the stripper poles in the corners , where anyone bold enough was allowed to show off their abilities-or lack thereof . 
 judging from their awkward moves , the dancers were far from being professionals . 
 `` everyone here 's single , which is why they encourage rubbing up against anyone you like to see if they like you back . '' 
 as though that was a good thing , she grinned at me and raised her eyebrows meaningfully . 
 `` no . '' 
 i shook my head slowly , fighting hard to stifle the onset of hysteria at the back of my throat . 
 `` i meant ... oh , my god . 
 how awful , '' i murmured , unable to peel my eyes off the people dancing and making out in what looked like a huge pool , their bodies and clothes covered in foam . 
 i had heard of foam parties and had seen them on television , but i had never realized they actually existed and that they could be so wild . 
 the people were uninhibited and probably intoxicated-and many of them were almost naked . 
 someone bumped into me . 
 `` sorry , '' i mumbled and moved aside , only to slam into someone else . 
 small rivulets of sweat began to trickle down my spine , both from the lack of space and from the stuffy air . 
 i tied my hair behind my back and started to fan my burning face with my hand . 
 `` hey , gina . 
 get those drinks , '' thalia said . 
 as soon as gina was gone , she turned to me with a frown on her face . 
 `` you 're not going to pass out , are you ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i stared at her . 
 `` no , i 'm fine . '' 
 `` please do n't tell me you 've changed your mind about trying to find someone . 
 i still remember how you looked when i picked up from central park . 
 you did n't seem to be in a good place . 
 it was n't hard to figure out that you had been crying your heart out over a guy . '' 
 the image of jett with tiffany flashed through my mind , leaving a sharp stab of pain in its wake . 
 i cringed inwardly . 
 `` was it that obvious ? '' 
 she shrugged , as though it did n't matter either way . 
 `` no , but i 'm used to seeing girls in your state of mind . 
 plus , you told me you were trying to move on from an ex and all that crap , so i figured out the rest . 
 this might not be the most obvious place to visit after a breakup , but it 's a lot of fun getting to know someone new , as long as you know what you 're looking for . '' 
 her gaze lingered on a nearby couple , their bodies intertwined in a slow dance . 
 `` i suppose so , '' i muttered and looked up to see gina snaking her way toward us , balancing three pink-colored , and sugar-rimmed drinks decorated with sparkly straws and little umbrellas . 
 `` they have the best cocktails in town . '' 
 she handed each of us a glass , keeping one for herself , then continued to gush about the place . 
 i eyed my drink warily , my brain struggling to come up with a good excuse to order my own . 
 `` drink up , '' gina said , waiting for me to take a sip . 
 `` you 'll need it when we go hunting for a guy . '' 
 to drink or not to drink ? 
 the question was a no-brainer . 
 if i refused , i 'd have to come up with an excuse . 
 while i liked gina and thalia , i still did n't trust them enough to reveal my pregnancy , and i certainly did n't want to feel like the oddball of the group , the third wheel . 
 i wanted to have fun , like a real new yorker . 
 i did n't want life to grip and hold me ; i wanted to grip life and make it mine . 
 i lifted the glass and admired the beautiful pink liquid and sparkling granules of grenadine sugar around the rim . 
 i took a sip and winced when the strong , sweet flavor hit my taste buds . 
 it was delicious , leaving a sweet and tangy grapefruit zest behind-so delicious that i simply had to take another sip . 
 i did n't know if it was the atmosphere or the drink , but within a few minutes , the blood in my veins began to rush , my body growing lighter , until i felt like i was floating in midair . 
 usually , a drink or two did n't make me giddy and certainly not drunk , but i felt different this time , alive and excited-as if every fiber of my being wanted to move , dance , and act crazy . 
 even though i was scared of heights in any form , i felt as though i could jump off a cliff and into cold water , which i attributed to the alcohol mingling with my pregnancy hormones in a strange way . 
 `` what is this stuff ? '' 
 i held my glass up to gina while continuing to sway to the rhythm of the music . 
 adrenaline rushed through my veins , as if the music inspired my body to be harmonious . 
 surreal happiness at the thought that i was young and ready to take on the world surged through me , a kind of blissfulness i had never felt before . 
 `` my own personalized pink puddle drink , '' gina said proudly . 
 `` it 's my favorite . 
 you want another one ? '' 
 definitely not , but she was gone before i had a chance to stop her . 
 it did n't take her long to return with another round of glasses , insisting that she show us the rest of the club . 
 while i was reluctant to take another sip , the heat was slowly getting to me . 
 i was thirsty and covered in a layer of sweat . 
 without gina 's noticing , i put down my first , half-full glass and took another one from her outstretched hand . 
 as we crossed the open-plan space at a snail 's pace and pushed through the crowd , i began to see why the place was so popular . 
 everywhere i looked , people were dancing , talking , and having the time of their lives , just like i was . 
 they seemed so carefree , which made me realize that in just a few months , i would no longer be like them . 
 soon i 'd be a mother-bound to responsibilities and facing yet more bills . 
 it might very well be my first and last time at hush hush or any other club , for that matter , and the thought scared me . 
 `` see that ? '' 
 gina pointed to a circular area with dozens of black wicker chairs . 
 i nodded and she yelled in my ear , `` it 's the speed-dating area for singles ... or those pretending to be . '' 
 the area was secluded , in the far corner , away from the dancing rooms and the foam party . 
 each booth had two wicker chairs facing one another , closed off by a string curtain that i assumed could be drawn , allowing for more privacy . 
 the entire dating space was bathed in a violet glow , and was even darker than the rest of the club . 
 i craned my neck to get a better view . 
 a table was set up between each set of chairs . 
 it was the perfect place to get to know someone without leaving the club . 
 `` it works like this : you chat with somebody , and if you like what you see , you close the curtains . '' 
 gina took a sip of her cocktail , her eyes shining unnaturally bright as her eyes scanned the dating area . 
 i expected her to want to move closer , if only so she could show me around , but strangely , she remained glued to the spot , staring ahead as though she was waiting for something to happen . 
 i had no idea how she could see in the darkness . 
 while i could see the shape and movement of figures all around us , my vision was n't sharp enough to make out faces . 
 eventually , gina whispered in thalia 's ear , and they both turned to me . 
 i frowned . 
 `` what ? '' 
 what now ? 
 almost sensing their intentions , my skin prickled at the thought of what was to come . 
 gina pulled me closer to her , her eyes shimmering with pride as she spoke . 
 she pointed her glass toward the northwest side of the dating area . 
 `` that one will do . '' 
 i followed her line of vision through the crowd and shook my head . 
 `` eleven o'clock , '' she said impatiently , `` the booth closest to the wall . '' 
 scanning the people around us , i narrowed my eyes . 
 apart from two booths , all those close to the wall were empty . 
 in the first one , a couple was engaged in deep conversation , the woman playing with her hair and laughing at everything the man said . 
 in the second booth , a man was sitting alone-the only person close to the wall . 
 from that distance , i could only see his profile , but even that was a blurry mess . 
 with the dim and colored lights dancing above our heads , my vision was so impaired that i was n't even sure the person was male at all . 
 `` you mean the guy next to the couple ? '' 
 i asked , just to be sure . 
 when no reply came , i turned to gina , then to thalia , who gave me an approving look . 
 `` this is your chance , jenna . 
 that 's him , your guy of the night , '' gina said with enough determination to make me flinch . 
 `` i just know it . '' 
 i regarded him again . 
 he looked unnervingly still . 
 unlike everyone else around us , he was just sitting there , motionless , not once turning his head to skim his surroundings . 
 my heart started to pound . 
 i could n't just go over and talk to him when he did n't look like he was there for company . 
 as i stared at him , pondering what to do , a woman approached the booth and sat down , leaving the curtain undrawn . 
 for some reason , i felt happy and relieved that it did n't have to be me . 
 i almost squealed in delight that he was n't alone and i was off the hook after all . 
 i bit my lip hard to stop myself from smiling . 
 so , maybe i was n't ready to date again . 
 while my heart was still hurting in places , my mind craving distraction , and my brain screaming for revenge , i lacked the courage to approach a total stranger and start a relationship all over again . 
 `` such a shame he 's found a date , '' i said , not meaning a word of it . 
 i took a step forward , ready to leave the dating area behind , when thalia 's hand on my elbow stopped me . 
 `` look again , '' she said , pleased . 
 i turned back to regard him , just in time to see the woman stomp off . 
 as she passed us , i noticed that her face was a mask of anger . 
 obviously , whatever he had said had n't pleased her . 
 nor me . 
 shit . 
 now i was out of excuses . 
 `` oh , come on . '' 
 i remained glued to the spot , unsure of what to do , when a hand shoved me forward . 
 `` what are you waiting for ? 
 go talk to him before someone else spies him , '' gina hissed in my ear . 
 she made it sound as if he was the last man on earth , as if women were ready to fight over him . 
 i wanted to point out that he was a human being , not a fish or an object to grab and pin to the wall . 
 the thought of him being the last fish made me giggle . 
 my nerves were making me irrational again , or maybe it was a physical reaction to stress and anxiety or the alcohol talking and letting me imagine all kinds of things in my mind . 
 whatever it was , my giggle turned into hysterical laughter , and before i could stop myself , i had taken a few more nervous gulps of my drink . 
 `` i do n't even know what to say , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm not really experienced in approaching guys . '' 
 actually , i was putting it lightly . 
 talk about having zero experience . 
 swallowing down the rest of my drink , i composed myself . 
 this was such a bad idea . 
 but so had been drinking gina 's cocktail because , while i knew i was standing , i could barely feel my feet . 
 whatever had been in that cute little glass had sent the room spinning and my pulse racing . 
 it did n't send a rush of adrenaline through me , but it sure made me feel happy . 
 gina rolled her eyes . 
 `` just say , ` hi . 
 you look great . 
 want to hook up with me ? ' 
 it really does n't matter what you say . 
 if he digs you , he 'll be all over you anyway . 
 time to be slutty , bitch . '' 
 there was no way i would say any such thing , even if i risked being single for the rest of my life . 
 shaking her head , thalia turned to me and put her arm around my shoulders . 
 `` do n't listen to her . 
 just be yourself , jenna . 
 if it works , that 's great . 
 if it does n't , you 've lost nothing , and he 's probably not the right one anyway . 
 remember , it 's just for a few hours . 
 give it a try . 
 you never know . '' 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` all right . '' 
 i handed thalia my empty glass and stumbled forward , uncertain of whether i could fool my friends by hiding behind one of the curtains and then pretending the whole thing had been a major flop . 
 as i spun around to find a flight route , i spied them in the distance , watching me like hawks , their hands waving at me , gesturing me to move ahead . 
 i decided i 'd talk to the guy , who was probably boring and full of himself anyway . 
 and it 'd probably be over in no time . 
 i laughed . 
 okay , so how hard could it be ? 
 chapter 11 with my heart pounding in my chest and my throat parched , i neared the man . 
 how could they be so sure he was the right one for me ? 
 did gina have night goggles , or what ? 
 i was barely able to see his face , let alone the rest of him . 
 what if he was a creep ? 
 i wondered what he had said to the woman that had caused her to storm off in a huff . 
 even worse than what he might have said , he might have just stared off into empty space , as though he was crazy . 
 or maybe he was a killer with disturbing things on his mind . 
 i laughed inwardly at the dark direction my thoughts were taking . 
 of course , a killer would hardly lurk in a bar with lots of people , would he ? 
 unless he was a predator who did n't mind crowds-the kind i had seen in horror movies with lots of special effects and a creepy atmosphere-just like the hush hush bare . 
 even though this was real life , i could n't shake off the feeling that it did n't differ too much from the movies . 
 the bar was engulfed in darkness , and so was he , fitting right in . 
 even from a distance , i could feel thalia 's and gina 's stares burning a hole in my back , eager for me to get moving . 
 `` this one ? '' 
 i mouthed and pointed at the man in my last attempt to sway their mind . 
 please say no . 
 please say no . 
 pointing toward the booth , i gestured again . 
 but it was too late . 
 the hairs on the nape of my neck prickled as something shifted behind me . 
 `` has no one ever told you not to trust a friend 's choice over your own ? '' 
 the voice was dark and smooth-the kind of voice that could hypnotize and send one into a trance . 
 oh , come on ! 
 did he hear me talking out loud ? 
 had he been watching us ? 
 my brain already fighting to come up with a lame excuse , i spun around slowly . 
 i lifted my eyes to meet his gaze , ready to apologize , but my heart lurched at the sight of him , and i stumbled a step backward . 
 holy pearls ! 
 he was tall , around six-two . 
 so tall i had to push my head back to see all the way up . 
 peering up into the darkest eyes i had ever seen , i swallowed hard . 
 he had a wolf 's eyes . 
 the kind of eyes that could undress a woman with as little as a glance-the kind of eyes that would haunt you in your daydreams . 
 his raven hair was still wet , as if he had just stepped out of the shower . 
 the sleeves of his shirt were rolled up , revealing strong arms , which were crossed over his chest as he regarded me with a frown . 
 dressed in a black shirt and black pants that accentuated his broad shoulders and his narrow hips , he looked as magnificent as the night . 
 there was something dark and brooding about him , something dramatic , something i was drawn to . 
 his forehead was creased with lines , and his mouth was soft but unsmiling . 
 without a doubt , he was attractive-not sexy so much as mysterious , maybe even untouchable and unattainable . 
 i instantly knew that he was the kind of man who would take a long time to figure out . 
 the kind of man i 'd probably date as a rebound , only for fun and to boost my confidence , without giving away my heart . 
 he was someone who could see me through hard times and make me forget-if only for one night . 
 the possibility flashed in my brain . 
 if only i was n't scared as hell ... `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 as i glanced back to my friends , my eyes searching for them in the crowd , i realized they were gone . 
 of course . 
 they had done their job , and now i was left with a complete stranger . 
 `` sit down . '' 
 he pulled a curtain aside , his hand touching the small of my back , leaving me no choice but to enter the empty booth . 
 i knew i should get far away from him , but for some reason i could n't . 
 i sat down on one of the chairs , my pulse racing so fast i was sure he could hear it . 
 nervously , i scanned the small space . 
 his jacket was thrown carelessly over the back of a third chair . 
 car keys rested on the table next to a glass of scotch . 
 the string curtain shielded us from prying eyes , but it also made the entire experience strange , almost intimate . 
 the booth was small and poorly lit , and for a moment , i was happy that there were no walls-just hundreds of tiny black strings surrounding us . 
 in case i needed to get away , it would be easy enough to make a mad dash . 
 the stranger pushed his chair close to mine . 
 with my heart pounding against my chest , i watched him quickly close the distance between us and sit down . 
 maybe it was the violet lights reflecting in his eyes , giving them a brilliant , cold blue hue , but the way he looked at me , his gaze seemed to penetrate every layer of my soul . 
 for a few seconds , i felt something between us . 
 something clicked . 
 hot and tangible . 
 passion ? 
 gina 's words came to mind . 
 this is your chance , jenna . 
 this is him : your guy of the night . 
 i realized she might have been right about that . 
 `` your name ? '' 
 he asked . 
 even the way he asked me screamed dominance , as though he was entitled to all-not just my name but also my body and mind . 
 `` jenna , '' i said my sister 's name without hesitation and stretched out my hand in what i thought was a confident manner , though truthfully , all my confidence had flown out the door the moment he had turned his gaze on me . 
 he made me nervous , even more so because he was hard and beautiful . 
 beautiful to look at , hard to hold on to . 
 he was like a beautiful angel carved in stone-not a peaceful seraph but the punishing kind , one who would n't hesitate to draw his sword and go to war to fight anything or anyone that stood in his path . 
 an angel to fear . 
 and fear was what i felt . 
 `` check . '' 
 his hand reached out , and the moment his fingers curled around mine , an electric tingle ran down my spine . 
 his hands were strong , warm , and callused . 
 the kind of hands i wanted to grab and hold me right there , in that space , where i was floating . 
 my pulse raced . 
 `` check ? '' 
 i asked , unable to stop the amusement from creeping into my voice as i repeated his name . 
 `` check , as in ... paper money ? '' 
 `` yeah , but more like a bill of exchange . '' 
 he nodded slowly and for the first time , he smiled , revealing two rows of perfect , white , gorgeous teeth-teeth i could imagine nibbling on my lips . 
 `` it 's not about the money though . 
 it 's about getting what others owe you . 
 do you like owing , jenna , or would you prefer to be owed ? '' 
 my heart skipped a beat at the way he looked at me , and his voice sent shivers up my skin . 
 he leaned forward , closer , until i almost choked on my breath . 
 `` how about i give you something so you 'll owe me ? '' 
 he asked quietly . 
 his words spun in my mind as i struggled to make sense of them . 
 he looked like a lone wolf : wild , powerful , ready to pounce and ravish my body in a hard way . 
 he was what sylvie liked to call a dbm : a dark , broody , moody guy-someone who could n't be held on to . 
 as i regarded him through the hazy curtain before my eyes , i realized i was drawn to him , not because he was my type-he was every woman 's type-but because i recognized my own misery when i looked into his dark eyes . 
 something about him was like balm to my tormented soul , and i felt as though i was darkness longing to be with my own kind . 
 he was the kind of man who could quiet a heart through the calmness he excluded , but most importantly , he was like the elixir i needed to become myself again . 
 `` what do you want me to give you ? '' 
 i asked quietly . 
 he raised an eyebrow at me and moistened his lips . 
 round , full lips that were worth kissing , and yet they were not jett 's . 
 i hated that fact , but i hated myself more for thinking it . 
 i hated myself for wanting jett when check was sexy and available , when he could help me . 
 wanting a man only to use him to get over a broken heart was pathetic and yet ... `` sex . '' 
 coming from him , the word sounded like a demand . 
 my skin tingled from his straightforward approach . 
 `` sex ? '' 
 i repeated and laughed , the sound echoing eerily in my ears . 
 he did n't reply . 
 instead , his fingers began to tap on the table in a slow rhythm . 
 they were long , the nails manicured . 
 i stared at them , fixated , captured by the tiny movement that seemed to cause a rumbling roll inside my brain . 
 `` and what would i get in return ? '' 
 i asked , my gaze still glued to his fingers , which seemed to shimmer in the violet light . 
 `` more sex . 
 better sex . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 i giggled nervously . 
 `` sex for sex ? '' 
 `` and satisfaction , '' he added , `` pleasure . '' 
 he let the word roll on this tongue . 
 `` quick , hot , toe-curling pleasure that you will never , ever forget . '' 
 as if it was even possible , he leaned just a little bit closer , so close i could almost feel his energy and his breath on my lips . 
 waves of something strong seemed to pour from him and into me , as though he was invading my mind , filling it with his , until i could no longer form a coherent thought . 
 `` sex can mean a lot of things , jenna . '' 
 his voice was calm , more forceful than before , and there was a hard edge to it . 
 or maybe it was his eyes , all dark and deep , as if they had somehow captured the entire ocean in them . 
 they were so beautiful i could hardly focus on anything else anymore . 
 `` it can be meaningless , '' he continued , his fingers brushing over my hand , `` or it can be full of adventure-the kind you 've never experienced before . 
 which one do you prefer ? 
 the one that comes with no strings attached ? '' 
 i almost jumped back in shock as his hands brushed my knee , his thumb trailing the delicate skin . 
 `` or the kind that makes you feel you 're being owned ? '' 
 a flash of a grin grazed his lips , and i could n't help but think that he was a master of seduction and persuasion . 
 not in an obvious kind of way , but his technique seemed to work . 
 i groaned inwardly as the realization dawned on me . 
 as i stared at him , i understood why the woman had run away . 
 the guy was n't a creep . 
 check was n't there because he was single or looking for a date . 
 come on . 
 a handsome stranger called ` check ' , asking for instant sex . 
 what do you think he is , stewart ? 
 holy dang . 
 he was a male prostitute and anytime now he 'd disclose his price per hour . 
 it was so obvious i almost slapped my forehead for not realizing it sooner . 
 i stared at him , disgusted . 
 `` how stupid do you think i am ? '' 
 i asked , shame and humiliation burning through me . 
 i gulped down a large mouthful of air before i continued , `` i do n't have the money , and even if i wanted to have sex , which i do n't , and even if i was n't a $ 100,000 in debt , i 'd never sleep with a prostitute . '' 
 i grabbed my bag and stood on shaky legs , ready to storm through the curtains , just like the other woman had , when the room started to spin so fast that i fell . 
 somewhere to my right , a glass smashed against the floor . 
 strong arms grabbed me before i hit the floor . 
 i flinched , fighting the urge to sink into them . 
 if only he was n't - `` i 'm not a prostitute , '' he hissed in my ear as he helped me up . 
 he was n't ? 
 i tried to stand and apologize for knocking over his glass , but my words remained trapped behind my lips . 
 the alcohol rushing through my veins was strong enough to make my knees give way beneath me . 
 were it not for his hands holding me , i would have tumbled to the floor . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 i felt silly for my outburst , for knocking over his glass , and for the nonsensical accusation ; for my body being so drunk i was out of control . 
 as much as i wanted to explain , my words failed me . 
 my mind was a blurry mess , my thoughts rushing around like the tumult at the bottom of a waterfall . 
 everything , from the stranger to the room , was spinning fast . 
 i closed my eyes again , and before i could stop myself , i leaned my head against his chest , until the spinning slowed down and i felt better . 
 `` are you high , jenna ? '' 
 he asked from what seemed like a million miles away . 
 i shook my head . 
 the thought that i was high was so absurd i laughed out loud . 
 `` i 'm most certainly not high . 
 trust me , i would know if i was . '' 
 i peeled myself off his chest and met his gaze . 
 for some reason , i expected him to smile , but he did n't . 
 his face was a serious mask , his mouth was pressed into a thin line , and that frown was on his face again . 
 clearly , he did n't believe me . 
 the thought that the handsome stranger thought i was a drug user when i had barely had a cocktail enraged me , and my temper flared . 
 `` you know what ? 
 you have no right to judge me . '' 
 i pushed a finger into his chest , marveling at how hard his body felt . 
 `` it 's not your right to be accusatory when you do n't know me . 
 i 've had a rough day . 
 maybe i look like i 'm high and sound drunk , but you know what ? 
 you sound and look like my cheater ex . '' 
 i pushed out my chin defiantly as i stared him down . 
 he looked taken aback . 
 pushing his arm away , i tried to put some distance between us , but he held on to me tight , until i could almost sense the beating of his heart , calm and steady . 
 `` a man who does n't respect his woman is n't worth keeping , '' he whispered against my earlobe , his voice caressing every nerve ending . 
 `` no woman deserves to be cheated on . 
 i 'm glad you ditched the bastard . '' 
 `` yeah , so am i , '' i replied and wiped a hand over my eyes before the telltale moisture could give away my state of mind . 
 his words , short and superficial as they were , touched me . 
 for a few moments , silence lingered between us , but in that moment i felt as though he understood me and the pain that seemed to creep up on me again . 
 `` i 'm sorry if i offended you , '' he said eventually . 
 `` i 'm sorry i insinuated that you are a sex worker , '' i replied and stifled a giggle . 
 maybe it was the way he touched the small of my back-so tenderly , as if his hands knew how to make me feel good-but my anger faded instantly . 
 or it might have been the warmth of his body , but something about him seemed to calm down the storm brewing inside me . 
 i leaned my head against his chest , wondering what would happen if i let him in and took him up on his offer . 
 would my heart be free of pain-if only for one night ? 
 i pushed my dark thoughts to the back of my mind , where they could no longer reach me . 
 on that night , i did n't want to be alone with my demons . 
 i did n't want to think about the past . 
 i wanted to be with a stranger , with someone who would make me feel good . 
 then , as soon as the night ended , he could just disappear from my life . 
 gina was right . 
 i needed something uncomplicated . 
 `` i want to try it , '' i whispered . 
 `` and what would that be ? '' 
 `` you asked me what i want , '' i started , choosing my words carefully . 
 `` i want you to have a drink with me ... at my place . '' 
 there was silence . 
 waiting for his answer , i held my breath . 
 `` you know what you should never do ? '' 
 he said eventually . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` hook up with a random guy and let him drive you home . '' 
 his voice was still serious , but now he winked at me with a devilish grin . 
 i giggled . 
 `` that 's the plan . 
 if i have to sleep with a total stranger , i 'd rather it be you . '' 
 `` why me ? '' 
 my skin tingled from the magnetic pull between us . 
 `` because - '' i stopped , looking for the right words . 
 granted , i did n't know him , so what could i possibly answer ? 
 that i felt attracted to him because he was physically attractive ? 
 that i did n't want to be alone at home and face my inner demons ? 
 that the alcohol rushing through my veins had made me horny , and the prospect of sleeping with him was appealing ? 
 `` because you want me ? '' 
 he raised an eyebrow at me , leaving me both wanting and fearing him . 
 i nodded and whispered , `` and more so because i need you . '' 
 and because there is no us . 
 no chance of another heartbreak . 
 as though to test my boundaries , his hand brushed my ass while the other forced my chin up . 
 ever so slowly , his lips neared mine . 
 for a second , i thought he 'd kiss me . 
 i held my breath , awaiting his hungry mouth . 
 to my dismay , his lips traveled up my neck and brushed my earlobe . 
 `` i 'll take you home . '' 
 his tone left no room for discussion . 
 his grip on my arm tightened as he led me away from the booths and out the door , toward his car . 
 i stopped in midstride and spun slowly to take in my surroundings . 
 maybe the darkness in the club had wreaked havoc on my vision , but everything shimmered bright and colorful , as if the entire night sky had captured auroras . 
 it was so bright it hurt my eyes , and i had to close them for an instant . 
 eventually , i got into the car . 
 as we drove home in silence , i leaned my throbbing head against the cold window , listening to the soft rain splattering against the windshield , my mind strangely devoid of thoughts . 
 everything-from the car seat to his cologne-smelled expensive , suggesting that he was someone who knew what he wanted , someone who liked to take charge . 
 for the first time , i wondered if it was such a good idea to bring a dominant stranger into my home when i was already lost in the jungle that had become my life . 
 i kept my eyes closed against the dreaded sleepiness threatening to creep over me . 
 before i fell asleep , the car stopped , and i peered into the hazy darkness . 
 `` we 're here , '' check said . 
 i got out , waving him over . 
 `` let 's go inside . '' 
 strangely elated , i exited the car and fished for the keys in my handbag . 
 as i tried to push them into the lock , they fell to the floor . 
 `` let me get those for you , '' the guy whispered and picked them up . 
 before i knew it , he had let us in and we were in the elevator , his strong hands pressing me against him as he steadied me . 
 alarm bells began to ring at the back of my mind , warning me of something i was n't seeing . 
 it was so obvious that i could almost grasp it , yet the knowledge seemed so far away . 
 but instead of following that worrisome train of thought , i closed my eyes to escape the dim lights and let him follow me into my apartment . 
 chapter 12 the soft light of the street lamps streamed through the large windows , casting a golden glow on the heavy furniture and the rug that covered most of the hardwood floor . 
 we crossed the hall and entered my bedroom in haste , the stranger stifling my giggling and the loud drumming of my heart with his hand grabbing mine . 
 the room was bathed in darkness , but i did n't switch on the lights . 
 why bother when i did n't want to remember the stranger 's face , nor the events that would follow ? 
 no attachment , no recollection-nothing that would remind me , so the deeds were best done in the dark . 
 that night , i did n't want to be me . 
 i wanted to be someone who was free from pain , free from the past and hopeless dreams of a future that would never be mine . 
 i liked the idea of sleeping with him and , come dawn , he 'd be out of my world . 
 i liked the anonymity , the no-getting-to-know each other , the detachment of it all . 
 it was like confiding in a random stranger , except that instead of sharing secrets i 'd be sharing my body in the hopes that it would make me feel better and allow me to move on from my past and help me banish any memories of jett-if only for a few hours . 
 `` do you want a drink ? '' 
 i peeled myself from the stranger 's embrace and turned to face him , my gaze hazy in the night . 
 ever since i had invited him to my place , he had remained quiet , and not just throughout the drive . 
 standing near the door , his intense gaze lingered on me as he watched me with an unreadable expression . 
 his confidence made me nervous , and i lowered my eyes to the floor in the knowledge that a man like him-too assertive , too commanding-who visited that kind of club must have had many one-night stands with countless women . 
 i was certain that was where he 'd gained all his obvious experience . 
 `` lie down , '' he said quietly but with enough force to make me follow his command . 
 silence ensued again , and for a moment , i just stared at him , unsure of what to do . 
 `` so , um ... is there anything specific you want from me ? '' 
 i asked when the silence became uncomfortable and the entire situation began to feel surreal . 
 the insecure edge in my tone was evident , but i did n't try to hide it . 
 i had never had a one-night stand before-at least , not a real one-and i had no idea how they worked . 
 already , everything felt bizarre . 
 the room was slightly spinning , and i felt as though i was trapped in a dream . 
 maybe it was a dream , because in my blurred vision , everything-from my matchbox room to the man standing before me , motionless like a statue-seemed larger , unreal . 
 his size intimidated me , and his stare frightened me , but not to the extent of making me want to run . 
 finally , i heard his slow , muffled steps as he moved closer , stopping inches from the bed . 
 `` i have to go . '' 
 even in my ears , his excuse-or lack thereof-sounded weak , dripping with hesitation and something else . 
 anger ? 
 defeat ? 
 you 're misinterpreting too much . 
 `` why ? '' 
 frowning , i stared at him . 
 in the darkness of the room , i could n't read his expression . 
 `` because i wo n't take advantage of a drunken woman . 
 that 's why , '' he whispered . 
 `` the only reason i agreed to give you a ride home was to make sure you got home safely . 
 i did n't want you to take a cab all by yourself or , worse , to end up going home with the wrong guy , someone without my ... integrity . 
 you never know what might happen if you go home with a stranger . 
 some other guy might use your inebriated state to take advantage of you . '' 
 a man of morals . 
 great . 
 even though his concern touched me , i laughed bitterly . 
 the fact that he wanted to leave so soon filled me with despair and rejection . 
 back at the club , he had been so sure of our interlude , shamelessly flirting with me . 
 now , doubt had replaced the need i had sensed in his tone . 
 `` i 'm not drunk , '' i said , certain that i could n't be . 
 i had n't even finished two cocktails . 
 `` get some rest . 
 you do n't look too good , '' he whispered . 
 i was feeling a little sick , but not so much that i wanted him to leave . 
 i could n't bear to be alone with my dark thoughts . 
 my demons were too forceful , struggling to be let out . 
 `` please , do n't go , '' i begged . 
 swaying slightly , i grabbed his hand and pulled him to me . 
 he sat down the edge of the bed , keeping a few inches between us . 
 i did n't know what else to say . 
 how do you stop a stranger from leaving you alone in a pit of darkness ? 
 the desperation in my voice spoke more than a thousand words . 
 never before in my life had i been so nervous and desperate at the same time . 
 the body i was in did n't even feel like me . 
 it was n't that crazy to sleep with a stranger . 
 it was n't that desperate , or so i kept telling myself . 
 he had to pick up on it because if he did n't , i would n't be able to stop him from leaving . 
 i moistened my parched lips . 
 `` you said you like when people owe you , '' i began and , suddenly remembering his name , i added , `` there is something you can do for me , check . 
 i 'd like to owe you . '' 
 `` you already do . 
 i brought you home , '' he said . 
 i shook my head slowly and frowned as the haziness intensified . 
 `` no , that 's not what i meant . '' 
 `` what else do you need from me ? '' 
 his fingers lingered over my hand , as though he could n't decide whether or not he should touch me . 
 `` i want you inside of me . '' 
 my voice came raspy , alien to my ears . 
 had i always sounded so vulnerable ? 
 come to think of it , it was n't crazy to sleep with a stranger . 
 it was despair . 
 if that would keep him for the night , then so be it . 
 pushing my legs on either side , i moved onto his lap . 
 if i played my cards well enough , maybe he would give in . 
 so , i leaned into him and trailed my fingertips down his shirt . 
 under the fabric , i could feel rows and rows of hard muscles . 
 `` is that a suggestion or a demand ? '' 
 he asked huskily , giving up control . 
 i liked the idea because it gave me power when i had lost control over my real life . 
 `` both . '' 
 my voice sounded hoarse , matching the low rumble in his throat . 
 satisfied with his reaction , my hands interlocked behind his neck . 
 as i bent forward , i smelled the faint scent of scotch and something else , and my heart began to pound in my chest . 
 slowly , i brushed my lips against his and sucked on his lower bottom lip as i moved my hips against his growing erection , back and forth , until his breathing grew heavy and his length hardened , straining against his pants . 
 below me , he was becoming as hard as a stone . 
 i only realized he pulled back when his arms wrapped around my waist . 
 at first , i thought it was to initiate sex , until his grip tightened , stopping my movements . 
 i frowned . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i asked , confused . 
 he wanted me , no doubt about that . 
 `` your offer is tempting , but - '' he paused to consider his words . 
 `` but what ? '' 
 `` you 're wasted , and as i said , i 'm not comfortable taking advantage of you or your body . '' 
 i laughed . 
 he just would n't let it go . 
 `` does it really matter ? 
 you 're here . 
 i invited you , and i 'm obviously consenting . '' 
 i sounded pissed , but i could n't help it . 
 `` or am i not sexy enough for you to f ** k me ? '' 
 `` you 're sexy enough and then some . 
 there 's no doubt about that , '' he whispered . 
 `` but i ca n't control myself . 
 if we continue , i 'll feel as though i violated you in the most intimate way , and that does n't work for me . 
 i do n't want to lose control and hurt you . 
 that 's not my intention . '' 
 `` i do n't believe you , '' i said , shaking my head . 
 `` i should have known you do n't really find me attractive . 
 there 's no reason for you to lie . 
 you could have told me you 're not interested before you dropped me off . 
 i would have understood . '' 
 my tone betrayed my disappointment and hurt , but i did n't care . 
 he was rejecting me and had wasted my time , not to mention humiliated me . 
 tears began to roll down my cheeks . 
 i wiped at them angrily as i stood , feeling strangely emotional . 
 `` you can go now . '' 
 his footsteps thudded behind me . 
 the door was just a few steps ahead . 
 i reached it and opened it , planning to slam the door after him as soon as he walked out . 
 i wanted him to leave-better now than later , when things became awkward and i began to analyze what was wrong with me . 
 i was hardly out of the room when his hand clasped around my upper arm and he pressed me against the wall . 
 i fought against his iron grip , but he was stronger . 
 faster . 
 his lips descended on mine with a hunger that was n't natural . 
 for an instant , dread filled me , but strangely , his roughness turned me on . 
 `` you want me inside ? '' 
 he asked hoarsely . 
 his dark voice sent a throbbing sensation between my legs . 
 together with his scent and the intensity of his touch , it was a heady combination . 
 i was lost , bent to his will . 
 dipping his tongue into my mouth , he gripped my wrists and pulled them above my head . 
 i moaned as our tongues met in a dangerously slow dance-circling , teasing , and testing boundaries . 
 his hands began to move lower , past my abdomen , and cupped my ass until something hard brushed me . 
 `` where do you want me to f ** k you ? '' 
 his hoarse tone dripped with sexiness that made my stomach quiver . 
 i knew he was testing me to see if i would express second thoughts , change my mind , maybe even push him away . 
 even though i knew i could n't let his male dominance win me over so easily , my body ached for his touch . 
 so i did what i had to do : i pushed him away and slowly pulled down the zipper of my dress . 
 with his eyes on me , i let my clothing drop to the floor , until i was standing in front of him with nothing but my panties on . 
 i looked up and smiled , knowing he had no choice but to honor the end of our unspoken agreement . 
 `` wherever you want , '' i said at last . 
 `` you 're giving me a choice ? '' 
 `` for once , i do n't want to be in control , '' i whispered and pulled him close to me . 
 our lips connected , this time with more fervor . 
 my mouth opened to allow him deep access . 
 his hand moved between my legs to touch me with hard , determined moves . 
 for a moment , my breath caught in my throat at the realization that a stranger was touching me , and i welcomed it . 
 i would be lying if i said that i enjoyed it , but it was what my body needed . 
 quivering , i leaned against the wall , clawing at his shoulders , demanding that he fill the void inside me . 
 `` remember , this is what you wanted . 
 once i start , you ca n't change your mind . 
 is that clear ? '' 
 check asked and i nodded . 
 `` you better not complain . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 his kiss grew more demanding , his hands impatient as he lifted my ass and raised me onto the large sideboard . 
 in one swift movement , his fingers pulled down my panties , then spread my legs before he slid between them . 
 my head throbbed hard ; my legs began to shake , and my heart raced in my chest-but not from his probing fingers or the hot sensations they sent through me . 
 maybe the cocktail gina had bought for me had been too much in my pregnant state , but his presence intermingled with the alcohol , and the whole new body experience of not controlling myself , together with the prospect of having sex with a stranger was overwhelming , if not a hell of confusing . 
 i felt like i was dropping from a skyscraper and floating in midair . 
 his kiss , his touch , his hardness felt like molten lava pouring through my body . 
 i felt like i was outside of time and space where nothing made sense , where i was walking through muddy waters , and at any moment , i would sink into a black hole of a dream if i did n't hold on to this stranger . 
 my core had to be raptured soon , or else i feared i would no longer be able to decide what was real and what was not . 
 `` i like hard floors , '' he whispered . 
 with one hand , he pushed me down until i was lying flat on the smooth wood , my naked body exposed . 
 `` the only reason we 're not in your bed is because i 'm going to f ** k you right here against the sideboard , then on the floor . '' 
 as though to prove his point , his fingers began to rub between my folds . 
 `` oh , my god , '' i whispered when his tongue swiveled around my navel , then trailed down my abdomen and settled between my legs with a precision that hardened my ni ** les and sent my fingers balling into fists . 
 he was so good , and yet i could n't relax . 
 `` you want me inside you ? '' 
 he asked , but he did n't wait for my answer . 
 `` not yet . 
 this is what you 're going to get first . '' 
 he groaned and dived a long finger into me , followed by another , while his tongue circled my bud , kissing and sucking in equal measure . 
 i arched my back to meet his knowledgeable mouth and suppressed a moan . 
 he could have all he wanted . 
 he could do with me whatever he wanted . 
 nothing would break my resolve to sleep with a stranger . 
 somewhere inside my brain , a voice urged me to stop , warning me that i was only hurting myself , but for once , i did n't care . 
 what could be worse than the pain i was already feeling ? 
 i wanted to be ruptured , to be penetrated , to be handled roughly-anything to divert my mind from my broken heart . 
 the stranger fulfilled the desire just fine . 
 slowly , he pulled out his fingers . 
 i opened my eyes in surprise when a soft breeze hit my sex , and i prepared to protest when his hard gaze stopped me . 
 `` you 're not wet enough , and there is n't enough space for us both in this room . 
 the floor will have to do , '' he said , as if that explained everything . 
 in another swift motion , he swooped me up in his arms , only to lower me down on the hard floor . 
 lying on my back with my legs spread apart , i felt like his prey , and for a second , i thought he was like a wolf , eager to devour me . 
 the moonlight streamed through the windows , barely illuminating our features . 
 as i stared at him in the semidarkness , i saw his eyes glinting . 
 his lips curled into a forceful smile , and in that moment , he really looked like the wolf i had compared him to . 
 his eyes were squinted , and his teeth sharp . 
 his skin was unnaturally pale . 
 judging from the way he was leaning over me , he looked like a big creature that was about to kill me . 
 come on , stewart . 
 a wolf ? 
 seriously ? 
 i frowned . 
 but how ? 
 was this a dream ? 
 was i so drunk that i could n't discern reality from fantasy ? 
 peering up at the ceiling , i could see small spots , like stars , and they looked like they were falling , more proof that i was trapped in a dream . 
 the thought pleased me . 
 yes , i could deal with it all being just a dream . 
 a dream was the only explanation for the picture in front of me . 
 i had to be still asleep in his car , or maybe the day had n't really happened at all . 
 my gut feeling told me there was more to the fantasy than i was grasping . 
 sure enough , he shifted from wolf to human being again . 
 focusing on him was impossible though . 
 the room remained as dark as a big , black hole , spinning , twisting , and turning like a hypnosis picture . 
 even the stranger looked skewed . 
 somewhere , i heard the sound of foil tearing , but i did n't lift my gaze to look at him . 
 deep down , i knew i was still afraid of what was to come and that i 'd change my mind . 
 i was afraid of his penetrating gaze and of letting myself fall into whatever he had to offer . 
 the realization that i was n't ready flickered at the back of my mind . 
 i took a sharp breath and let it out slowly . 
 it was too late to change my mind , not after i had asked him to join me . 
 in my mind , all i could see was jett-the way he had smiled at me , the way he had touched me . 
 damn it ! 
 i smiled bitterly . 
 that sneaky bastard was already creeping back into my head , consuming me , and my foolish heart just would n't stop loving him . 
 in a distant memory i could still feel the pain of his betrayal , the betrayal of my heart , and a hint of remorse , all intermingled with the knowledge that revenge would never repair the damage he had caused . 
 because of him , i was sleeping with a stranger . 
 but i had to do it even if it was just a dream . 
 banish it . 
 forget him . 
 do n't linger . 
 it was too much . 
 too painful . 
 i had to prove to myself that i was strong enough to move on from him , or else i would always compare every man to him , and no one would ever be good enough for me . 
 i had to stop feeling and seeing jett in every breath i took and in every stranger 's face . 
 it was no longer about love . 
 it was about releasing the physical pain inside me . 
 it was about freeing myself from my addiction so i could feel alive again . 
 `` you 're pretty , '' he whispered , his hand touching my face . 
 i did n't look up at the stranger , not even when he spread my legs and lifted them until they were almost up to my chin . 
 as he lay down , his hard erection brushed my entry , and his hand rested inches from my face . 
 i shuddered and turned away . 
 the knowledge that he was about to enter me choked me to silence , and yet i still did n't see it coming . 
 as he dived in , i gasped . 
 holy crap ! 
 he was big and hard . 
 my muscles instantly cramped around his thick , pulsing length , eager to both let him in and push him away . 
 `` oh god . '' 
 i winced and squirmed as i tried to wriggle out from under him , but his hand stopped me . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 it was just a word , but there was something sexy about his tone . 
 i fidgeted to accommodate his size , and then forced out the breath i had been holding . 
 slowly , he eased into me , filling me , stretching me , burying himself until i could feel him pulsating deep within my core . 
 i whimpered in protest when he pulled back , only to dive in again , repeating the friction while sending equal jolts of pleasure and pain through me . 
 `` does it hurt ? '' 
 his voice was strained with desire and concern . 
 `` not anymore , '' i lied . 
 `` good . '' 
 he wrapped my legs around his hips and eased into me carefully , as if he was afraid he might break me . 
 i doubted he could do more damage when everything was already broken . 
 his movements of withdrawing and thrusting , each time going a little deeper , sent a jolt of heat through me . 
 something began to pulsate , strong and hard . 
 i lifted up on my elbows , my mouth finding his in the darkness . 
 somewhere in the back of my mind , the thought registered that my body belonged to another man , but i did n't pursue it . 
 i did n't think about the implications or the fact that , in spite of my physical lust for him , every fiber of my heart screamed in protest , because the stranger was n't the man i wanted-not for the night and not even in that dream . 
 he was simply someone who filled the emptiness within me . 
 without my permission , a tear trickled down my cheek . 
 even though it was dark enough , i turned my head away so he would n't glimpse it . 
 at least check was n't a psycho , and he had been kind enough to ask if i was okay . 
 how often do you find that kind of attitude ? 
 he was n't that bad . 
 `` i want to reach every inch of you , '' check whispered as he plunged into my sheath , hard and fast , again and again until my skin was entrenched in sweat . 
 my body began to tremble from lust-not because of him , but from the image that kept flashing before my eyes : jett 's face , his sinfully green eyes , his full lips , his sexy , tan body . 
 they were past memories of jett , but even in that moment , with another man inside me , my mind would n't stop wishing it was him taking me , spreading the moisture deep inside me . 
 come to think of it , the way check touched me , the way he moved , the way he moaned , even the way he was holding and kissing me reminded me too much of jett . 
 i wanted to scream with frustration . 
 just sick . 
 even now , you keep thinking about jett . 
 what was wrong with me ? 
 why was i so turned on by the images in my head ? 
 it was too much to bear . 
 i pressed my eyes tightly shut until white spots appeared in my vision . 
 `` fuck me harder , '' i demanded . 
 do anything that will dissolve this image ; take me away from this craziness . 
 `` as you wish . '' 
 pinning my wrists above my head , he thrust in and out , stretching me , entering me deeper and faster , until the tiny movements became as hot as fire . 
 he was so raw , so primitive , that i could feel my insides quivering in both fear and delight . 
 he cupped my ass and lifted my hips , inviting me to meet his thrusts , and i did so willingly , surrendering to the wildfire spreading inside me and the new sensations washing through me . 
 at least , i felt like i was still alive . 
 the way he filled me and circled his hips was intense and powerful . 
 lifting my legs higher , he entered a new level of depth , all while the image of jett continued to haunt me , turning me on . 
 as check slammed into my willing body one more time , a moan fled my mouth , and i could feel myself tightening around his erection . 
 a cry escaped my lips seconds before i came , falling apart around him . 
 `` fuck , brooke . '' 
 he groaned seconds before he found his own climax , releasing my wrists and letting me go as he moved aside , freeing me from his weight . 
 my heart skipped a beat . 
 brooke ? 
 wait . 
 how did he know ? 
 i froze . 
 what a stupid , crappy dream ! 
 what a load of shit ! 
 but what if it was n't just a dream at all ? 
 my brain struggled to fit the pieces of the puzzle , and as it did , i realized something more awful , something that had n't crossed my blurry mind until then . 
 how did he know where i lived ? 
 i had mentioned brooklyn-that much i remembered-but i never told him the exact address . 
 i was sure of that . 
 so how did he know where my apartment was situated ? 
 how did he know my real name ? 
 my heart spluttered in my chest . 
 i opened my eyes , clutching at the floor for support . 
 but before i could ask any of the questions burning inside my mind , the sickening spinning started again , amplified by the blood rushing from my orgasm . 
 as i rose to my knees , everything faded to black , and i could feel myself falling , welcoming the darkness with a last fleeting thought : who was the blue-eyed stranger i had brought home ? 
 chapter 13 the next morning , i awoke to a throbbing sensation inside my head . 
 the soft light of the early-morning sun illuminated the bedroom , sending jolts of pain through my body . 
 everything was hurting : my legs , my head , even my eyes , which felt heavy , as if they were glued together . 
 blinded by the glaring brightness , i closed my lids again . 
 in spite of the sunny weather , a cold breeze crept up my naked legs , and the aroma of rain invaded my nostrils . 
 i shuddered and pulled the covers over my head . 
 did someone open the window on a cold new york autumn day ? 
 in that instant , the faint memories of a dream in which i had slept with a stranger came to me with full force . 
 my stomach made a nervous flip . 
 what a stupid dream ! 
 the mere possibility of sleeping with someone i did n't know made me wince . 
 i 'd never do that . 
 not in reality . 
 it had to be a dream , because i was n't the one-night-stand type . 
 a car honked right outside my window . 
 i flinched and tried to sit up when a wave of nausea hit me . 
 damn ! 
 my head felt as though it had been hit with a sledgehammer . 
 in fact , i had never realized a body could hurt in so many places . 
 someone had definitely left the windows open , because , while new york city was n't exactly a place of quietness and serenity , it was n't usually that loud . 
 groaning , i rolled onto one side and finally pried my eyes open , readying myself to stand and face the noise . 
 i froze , and for a second , my heart gave out . 
 holy shit ! 
 jett was standing by the open window . 
 my mouth dropped open as i scanned my surroundings . 
 it was definitely my room . 
 and it was definitely him standing there . 
 his gorgeous back was turned to me , and his were hands crossed over his chest as he stared out of the window at the street below . 
 he looked still and reminiscent , but his muscles were tense and matched the emotional undercurrents wafting from him . 
 the light emphasized his naked broad shoulders and rippling muscles . 
 i wondered how long he had been there . 
 next to my bed was a bucket that had been cleaned and still glimmered with moisture . 
 someone had used it , and that someone might have been me . 
 my nausea returned with a vengeance ; i was sick to the core at the realization that my lips were swollen , and my abdomen felt deliciously sore . 
 i felt sick as i realized i was naked , and that i might have slept with the stranger . 
 had i really brought someone home ? 
 if so , what was jett doing in my room , wearing nothing but a pair of dark blue shorts , which praised the fact he was well endowed ? 
 i pulled my gaze away from him to my naked br ** sts . 
 oh , god . 
 suppressing a groan , i slumped back , fighting the urge to pull the covers back over my head and pray for earth to swallow me whole . 
 it did n't take a genius to figure out that the stranger had n't been a stranger at all . 
 somehow , i had brought my ex back home , even though i had never wanted to sleep with him again-not after he had cheated on me with someone from his past while visiting his brother , who had tried to kill me . 
 as if sensing my stare , jett turned around , and my heart skipped a beat . 
 in spite of all the ugly things he had done to me , he was still the most beautiful man i had ever seen . 
 my heart fluttered from his mere presence ; all it took was a single glance from him . 
 i stared at his perfect features , inwardly praying for the entire situation to be nothing but a bad dream . 
 but it was indeed jett : the man who had broken my heart twice . 
 from his green eyes , to his chiseled chest and bulging biceps , to the tribal tattoo covering his left arm and shoulder , he looked like a deadly temptation-an inescapable trap my foolish heart would fall into forever and never escape . 
 with love comes pain . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i was so shocked that my voice cracked . 
 `` are you feeling better ? '' 
 his soft tone reflected his concern . 
 he stepped toward me . 
 i jumped out of the bed , pressing the cover against my naked body . 
 `` answer my question , jett , '' i hissed . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 for a brief moment , confusion crossed his face , and then it turned into a self-assured smile . 
 `` we hooked up last night , remember ? '' 
 he cocked a brow in amusement , and for a second , i could almost feel the pictures flickering before his eyes . 
 `` what do you mean , we hooked up ? '' 
 i asked , mortified . 
 it was a stupid question , but i had to ask nonetheless , if only to buy myself time to process the obvious . 
 seconds ticked by . 
 `` jett ? '' 
 please say you did n't sleep with me . 
 please . 
 please ! 
 peering into his face , i knew i was kidding myself ; his smile told the entire story . 
 just look at his twitching lips , stewart . 
 he slept with you ... and you enjoyed it . 
 `` you asked me to give you a ride home . '' 
 his voice dripped with insinuation as he regarded me with amusement . 
 i shook my head . 
 i knew i was in denial , and yet i had to give it a try . 
 `` does that mean we f ** ked ? '' 
 i asked calmly . 
 the corner of his lips twitched again at my choice of words , and his eyes sparkled with trouble . 
 `` yes , you could say that . '' 
 he nodded and inched closer . 
 `` you kept calling me your wolf or something . 
 you even begged me for it . '' 
 my cheeks caught fire . 
 `` i did what ? '' 
 i drew a sharp breath and moistened my lips as i tried to make sense of the situation and my strong reaction to him . 
 his grin widened . 
 `` in case you do n't remember , i 'm happy to refresh your memory . 
 we hooked up , we f ** ked , and then ... we f ** ked some more . '' 
 his gaze bored into mine as his lips curled into another heart-dropping smile . 
 `` want to owe me again , jenna ? '' 
 crap . 
 crap . 
 crappity crap . 
 it was official . 
 i had slept with my ex , and i could n't even blame it on him , because i had begged him to take me . 
 for the first time since meeting jett , i wished he 'd just tell me more lies . 
 and there i had thought i 'd be able to move on from him and his hot body without further incident . 
 then again , he was my first love . 
 no one had ever made me fall so hard or turned me so stupid . 
 no one had made me feel so starved for sex and him . 
 i had returned to him before , which was proof that i could n't trust my own judgment . 
 the fact that i had brought him home again , when i did n't want to , told me that love had made me her bitch and that the only reason i had even considered sleeping with a stranger was because , deep down , i had been looking for a man as attractive as jett mayfield . 
 for some reason , i wanted him no matter what . 
 the possibility that i would never be free of my desire to be with him had me fuming . 
 anger gripped me-at being so weak , at my heart 's fluttering because jett was in close proximity , at him smelling so good , and at having to force my lips to stop smiling whenever my gaze brushed his hard body . 
 my blood began to boil in my veins . 
 the attraction to him had to stop . 
 i was so enraged that i grabbed anything i could find , and it so happened to be my high heel . 
 with a cry of frustration , i hurled it at him , but he dodged it , and it hit the wall . 
 `` why did you say your name was check ? '' 
 i shouted , barely able to contain the wrath in my tone . 
 if he noticed it , he did n't show it . 
 instead , he let out an amused laugh . 
 `` i thought it was fun that we were playing a game , '' he said , still wearing that irritating grin of his . 
 `` you 've always been a sore loser . '' 
 `` so it was all a game to you ? 
 you 're so sick and bored of me that you need role play ? '' 
 i hissed . 
 his grin disappeared in an instant . 
 he opened his mouth , then closed it again , and a frown began to darken his features . 
 `` you know that 's not true , brooke , '' he said at last . 
 `` you like playing games just as much as i do . 
 it has nothing to do with being bored . '' 
 `` it has everything to do with it . '' 
 inside , i felt like a dam was breaking and at any moment water would slush down and flood me . 
 i balled my hands into fists , unable to contain my anger any longer . 
 `` i want you out of my life . '' 
 i grabbed his shirt from the floor and threw it at him . 
 he caught it in midair . 
 `` get out . 
 get the f ** k out of my life . '' 
 more confusion crossed his face , followed by dismay , as i took a menacing pace toward him , and shoved him hard . 
 `` it was just a game , brooke . 
 i was only kidding about you being a sore loser . 
 there 's no need to get upset about it . '' 
 `` it 's not about the game . 
 i want you to get out . '' 
 i pointed to the door in case i had n't made my point clear enough . 
 `` get out of my life . '' 
 it was n't the elaborate speech i had prepared in my mind , and i sure as hell i did n't mean to shout , but everything inside me was shaking-my voice , my hands , my limbs . 
 at any moment , i was going to explode . 
 `` brooke ... '' his tone was gentle and soothing , as though he was talking to a child . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 instead of putting on his damn clothes , he took a step forward . 
 i flinched . 
 `` stay away from me , jett . '' 
 i held up a hand to prove my point . 
 jett stared at it with a hard , defiant expression , but he seemed to respect my need for private space . 
 `` calm down , baby , '' he said . 
 before i could stop him , he stepped toward me and touched my shoulders . 
 i shrugged off his hands , recoiling at the physical contact , even angrier that i wanted him to draw me to him and tell me that we 'd be all right . 
 `` do n't you tell me to calm down , '' i hissed . 
 `` i have every right to be angry at you . 
 you played me . 
 if i had known last night that it was you , i never would have slept with you . '' 
 he drew in a sharp breath . 
 shock registered on his face , then disbelief . 
 he looked as if i had just slapped him . 
 in a way , i felt the sharpness of my own words , and it pained me as much as it pained him . 
 `` you thought i was someone else ? '' 
 he asked in a low tone , his brows drawn in disbelief . 
 the way he said it , i felt almost threatened . 
 `` yes , '' i said through clenched teeth . 
 `` what the f ** k , brooke ! '' 
 he released me . 
 hurt and betrayal shimmered in his eyes . 
 for a second , i felt stunned that i had hit him where it hurt . 
 my heart ached at his pain ... until i remembered his betrayal with all its consequences . 
 `` what did you expect , jett ? '' 
 i whispered , my voice almost choking me . 
 and there i had been thinking a stranger could make love to me the way jett had , when it had been him all along , all gorgeous and out of this world . 
 only , i had forgotten that beauty was an illusion we built inside our heads . 
 the sooner i grasped that and acknowledged it , the faster i 'd be able to get away from him . 
 the silence was deafening , but his answer never came . 
 instead , he continued to regard me , his gaze betraying his hurt and worry . 
 if i could peer into his soul so easily , then i figured he might at least see the turmoil inside me , and all the things that had crushed my heart , so i turned away , because the magnitude of my love for him had to remain a well-kept secret , or else he could use it against me . 
 manipulate me . 
 tell me what i wanted to hear , even if it was n't true . 
 `` it 's over , '' i whispered , more to myself than to him . 
 `` you ca n't have me anymore . 
 you ca n't sleep with me anymore . 
 in fact , i 'd rather you just left and never contacted me again . '' 
 he let out an annoyed sigh and pushed his fingers through his dark hair just as i had done the previous night when he had pinned me to the floor . 
 `` the last time i checked , we were still together . '' 
 `` then i am ending things right now . '' 
 another sharp pang of pain hit my chest . 
 i turned my gaze to the shaggy rug beneath my feet so i would n't have to see his expression . 
 `` can you please leave now ? '' 
 as if sensing that i needed space , he walked back to the open window and leaned against the wall , facing me . 
 `` i 'm not leaving until you tell me what 's going on . '' 
 his voice was calm , but the dangerous undertones did n't escape my attention . 
 i looked up at him . 
 his face was as hard as stone , and his eyes shimmered with something i could n't pinpoint . 
 `` you know damn right what 's going on . '' 
 `` i actually do n't . '' 
 he pulled his eyebrows together again and let out an annoyed sigh . 
 `` why do n't you enlighten me , brooke ? '' 
 his hard smile belied his anger . 
 my pulse began to race , but it was n't from the physical attraction that was still palpable in the air . 
 jett was playing games again , and this time it was the clueless card , but i could see through his pretense-more so because i had seen it coming . 
 the thought that he thought he could lie right to my face infuriated me . 
 `` damn right , you do , '' i said through gritted teeth , suppressing the wish to throw something else at him . 
 `` i do n't trust you as far as i can spit . '' 
 he inched closer and grabbed my hand . 
 i drew back before he could pull me to him and before his hard body could envelope me , soothing me the way only jett knew how . 
 `` brooke . '' 
 another annoyed sigh . 
 `` can you please , for one moment , sit down and explain to me what 's going on ? 
 the last time you broke things off , you did n't have a freaking choice , but this time ? 
 forgive me for asking , but i 'm confused . '' 
 his voice was hard , his expression detached . 
 i had never seen his stunning green eyes devoid of warmth , and it scared me . 
 his attitude suggested that i was the enemy , as if i was the one causing him pain . 
 `` what is there to explain ? '' 
 i started . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` what do you know ? '' 
 he sounded so sincere i laughed bitterly . 
 he was n't just a good liar ; he was an excellent one , who could have probably fooled any lie detector . 
 i shook my head as i stared him down . 
 `` i know everything , jett . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` what exactly do you think you know ? '' 
 now he was turning downright patronizing . 
 `` fine . 
 if this is the way you want to play . '' 
 i smiled bitterly . 
 with the sheet still wrapped around me , i sat across from him and ran a hand through my hair . 
 my eyes settled on him in what i hoped was an icy expression . 
 a few seconds passed . 
 i took a deep breath and released it slowly , then continued , a little calmer , `` did you really think i 'd still want to date you after i found out you f ** ked tiffany ? '' 
 he stared at me , shell-shocked , as though i had just dropped a bomb . 
 i had expected to feel better after the confrontation , but i did n't . 
 instead , all the hurt of being cheated on , of being betrayed , returned full force , multiplied by a million . 
 `` i did n't f ** k her , '' jett said at last , and paused , choosing his words carefully as he wiped his brow . 
 `` not recently anyway . 
 i mean , it happened a long time ago . '' 
 `` how long ago ? '' 
 i asked calmly , but the tremble in my voice betrayed my hurt . 
 `` last year . '' 
 his gaze connected with mine , his eyes begging me to understand . 
 `` it was before i met you . '' 
 he did n't even deny they had been lovers , and a year was n't as long ago as he made it out to be . 
 judging from their intimate communication , they still were close . 
 a sudden pang of jealousy pierced my heart . 
 `` are you still in love with her ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he let out an awkward laugh , then stopped , frowning at my hurt reaction . 
 `` is that what this is about ? 
 about ti ? '' 
 he stared at me in disbelief . 
 `` trust me , brooke , nothing is going on between us . 
 as i said , it happened a long time ago . '' 
 i snorted as i thought back to the incident at the bar : her lips on his , her tongue in his mouth , the insinuation that she had booked a hotel room for them , the fact that he had wanted to see her , and that she had been pregnant by him . 
 `` how do i know you 're telling the truth ? 
 how can i trust you ? '' 
 i whispered and stared at him , unable to comprehend that he was lying to my face . 
 my eyes began to sting again . 
 `` you saw her behind my back . '' 
 `` what are you ... '' his eyes widened as realization kicked in . 
 `` did you really think i would n't find out ? '' 
 my voice broke . 
 a short moment passed . 
 for the first time , i noticed that jett could n't look at me . 
 he remained silent again , and in some twisted way , that was worse than a whole chorus of lies . 
 a stray tear ran down my cheek . 
 i wiped at it angrily before he could see it . 
 `` so you wo n't even deny that you kissed her ? '' 
 i exclaimed , ignoring the sharp stab ripping through my chest . 
 `` i did n't , '' he whispered . 
 `` liar . '' 
 i took a sharp breath and let it out slowly . 
 `` do n't you understand , jett ? 
 i was there , right in the same room with you , behind the ice sculpture , watching you both , listening to every word . 
 there 's no point in lying . 
 whatever you have to say , i know the truth . '' 
 he wavered as his green gaze pierced me , urging me to open up and trust him . 
 `` i did n't kiss her , brooke , '' he said , his tone soft , begging me to understand . 
 `` if you were there , then you know that i did n't start it , nor did i want her advances . '' 
 i wanted to believe his lies . 
 it would have been easy to sink into his arms and give in to his false assurances , but i was past that . 
 the truth , as shattering as it was , was easier to deal with at that point . 
 i did n't want to be broken anymore . 
 i needed things out in the open so i could finally heal . 
 `` sure did n't look like it . '' 
 i laughed bitterly again , but my heart was hurting so much i feared i might just pass out . 
 `` it was all her doing , '' he said . 
 oh , he was good . 
 too good . 
 i had to give him that . 
 now he blamed it on tiffany . 
 `` i do n't believe you . 
 you 're a cheater and a liar . '' 
 `` say that again . '' 
 his tone finally betrayed his anger and irritation . 
 he was slowly losing his composure and patience with me . 
 `` what difference does it make if she started it , or you ? '' 
 i asked , ignoring the menacing tone in his voice . 
 `` you kissed her back and that 's all that matters to me . '' 
 `` everything , brooke . 
 everything , '' he said angrily . 
 `` i pushed her away , and do you know why ? '' 
 he glowered at me . 
 `` because i do n't love her . 
 i love you . 
 do n't you understand ? 
 i love you , brooke-you and no one else . 
 if you had stayed longer , you would have seen it . 
 you would have heard what i said to her . '' 
 he moistened his lips , and his tone softened , but his eyes continued to betray his true feelings . 
 `` trust me . 
 it came as a surprise to me that she still cares for me after all this time , but i ca n't change that . 
 only she can . '' 
 `` and that 's supposed to make me feel better ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i do n't know , but it 's the truth , and like i said , i ca n't change it . '' 
 his hand reached out for me in a silent urge to let him come close to me again . 
 i stared at it , then blatantly ignored the gesture . 
 `` i do n't believe you . '' 
 his eyes narrowed , the waves of anger wafting from him almost palpable in the air . 
 i had never seen him that angry before , and it scared me . 
 he was a dangerous man , just like the rest of his family . 
 my heart pounded hard in my chest as he inched closer to me , jaw clenched , a vein throbbing in his temple . 
 towering over me , he was so strong it would have been easy for him to crush me . 
 i flinched as his fingers touched my cheek and trailed down my face to lift my chin . 
 to my surprise , his touch was gentle , almost intimate . 
 `` i would never cheat on you , '' he said . 
 `` the thought never even entered my mind . '' 
 his voice came hard and full of unspoken accusation . 
 `` but you ? '' 
 he pointed a finger at me . 
 `` you have no excuse for what you tried to do . 
 you could have called and talked with me before you went off to get drunk and sleep with the next guy . '' 
 he spat out the words , his eyes ablaze with an anger i had never seen before . 
 `` have you forgotten that we 're expecting a baby ? '' 
 the words were as poisonous as venom , slicing through the frail shell of trust we had built around us . 
 i opened my mouth to speak , then closed it again , struck speechless by the daggers in his eyes . 
 `` i know that . 
 trust me , i 'm reminded every hour of every day , '' i whispered bitterly , `` and while i know i want this child , i 'm not sure i want you as the father . 
 with all your lies and going behind my back , how can i ever trust you again ? 
 how can i ever know if you 're telling me the truth ? '' 
 `` because i do , brooke , '' he said through gritted teeth . 
 `` it 's as simple as that . '' 
 for a brief moment , i felt guilty , and then i pushed his hand away . 
 how dare he accuse me while trying to turn himself into a victim when tiffany was n't even the only problem ? 
 and why was he so angry with me for wanting to move on when he should have been aiming his anger at his ex for kissing him , at his brother ... at anything but me ? 
 come on , what was worse : finding out the one person you trusted was cheating , lying , bonding with a killer , or the possibility of me thinking i was sleeping with a stranger , when it was in fact jett all along ? 
 the question was a no-brainer . 
 he had no right to be angry with me . 
 in fact , he should have seen it coming . 
 `` you 're full of shit , jett . '' 
 i took a menacing step forward but kept enough distance to jump back in case he decided to put so much as a finger on me . 
 `` it 's my right to go out and have fun . 
 you betrayed my trust , and i can sleep with whomever i want . 
 you swore you 'd never lie to me . '' 
 he cut me off . 
 `` and i have n't broken that trust . '' 
 `` oh , you did , '' i hissed , narrowing my eyes . 
 `` you broke that trust the moment you met with your brother behind my back and kept secrets . 
 secrets i had every right to know . 
 why could n't you just tell me that he 's free ? 
 that you missed him so much you had to visit him ? '' 
 his eyes widened in surprise , and then he blinked , composing himself . 
 `` how do you know - '' he stopped midsentence . 
 wrinkles creased his forehead as he blew a ragged breath . 
 `` there 's a reasonable explanation for it . '' 
 he wiped a hand over his face , hesitating , and then his shoulders slumped in defeat . 
 `` look , i get that you 're pissed at me , but it 's just ... complicated . 
 you need to trust me . '' 
 i crossed my arms over my chest and regarded him coolly . 
 `` tell me , jett . '' 
 he pressed his lips into a tight line , and my heart sank in my chest . 
 whatever the explanation was , i knew instantly that he was n't going to share it with me . 
 `` i ca n't , '' he said quietly , his expression softening a little . 
 `` i have my reasons . 
 you need to trust me . '' 
 `` what reasons would that be ? '' 
 he clamped his mouth shut . 
 `` okay . '' 
 i smiled bitterly . 
 `` tell me just one thing , jett . 
 just one . 
 that 's all i 'm asking for . 
 did you or did you not log into my account and delete one email related to the estate ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i do n't think you ... '' `` just answer the question . '' 
 i stared him down , cutting him off . 
 `` did you or did you not ? '' 
 `` i did . '' 
 sighing , he raised his arms in surrender . 
 `` but i have a good reason . 
 you ... '' my brows shot up as another pang of anger washed over me . 
 `` what the hell ! 
 are you controlling me ? '' 
 `` no , that 's not it . '' 
 `` what other reason would that be ? '' 
 `` i ca n't tell you , brooke . 
 you have to trust me . '' 
 `` i do n't have to do anything . '' 
 the thought that after everything we had been through he was still keeping secrets from me hurt . 
 my vision blurred with unshed tears of disappointment . 
 `` get out ! '' 
 i crossed the room in a few steps , then turned around , unable to hide my disgust for him . 
 `` the only reason you wo n't tell me is because you ca n't come up with a lie that quickly . 
 do n't even pretend otherwise . '' 
 i opened the door and waited for him to leave . 
 he shot me a confused look but made no move to leave . 
 instead , he crossed his arms over his chest and regarded me coolly . 
 `` why would i do that , brooke ? '' 
 there were so many possible reasons i could have thrown at him , but i decided to keep it short and simple . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe because you sided with your brother , and you both want to kill me to get my estate ? '' 
 the words escaped my lips before i could stop them . 
 it was too late to back off now . 
 `` that 's the other reason why i wanted to sleep with someone else , so i could move on from you . '' 
 he drew in a sharp breath as an array of emotions crossed his beautiful features . 
 shock . 
 disbelief . 
 anger . 
 and then a cold hardness , as though his heart had just turned to ice . 
 `` you thought i wanted to kill you ? '' 
 he asked slowly , his voice so forceful that i recoiled . 
 `` brooke , are you even listening to yourself ? '' 
 i jutted my chin out , standing my ground . 
 silence filled the room . 
 seconds passed . 
 i had never seen jett so angry . 
 from the way his hands had balled into fists , he looked like he was about to punch a wall . 
 then again , i had never been so angry myself . 
 what answer could i give him , anyway ? 
 that , yes , i had thought he wanted to kill me ? 
 that i could n't trust him and it was over ? 
 i tensed when he moved past me . 
 i expected him to touch me again , to utter thousands of excuses . 
 instead , he grabbed his clothes and turned to leave . 
 without another word , he walked out , slamming the door behind him , the thud reverberating from the walls . 
 i jumped in shock but still did n't move , doing nothing to stop him . 
 it was only when i heard a car door slam outside the window and tires screeching that i knew he was gone . 
 out of my life . 
 out of my baby 's future . 
 loud sobs escaped my throat . 
 i sank to the floor and buried my face in my hands . 
 i should have been filled with pure anger , yet buried beneath all those negative feelings for him , there was guilt-for hurting him , for choosing that day to break up , for even giving up on love . 
 my heart was hurting in so many places , and while i hated him , i hated myself more . 
 the nausea in my stomach intensified by a hundredfold . 
 why could n't i feel anger inside me ? 
 why was i fighting an array of emotions-stupid , stronger feelings that urged me to run after him , to explain the situation , to tell him that he was still the only one for me , that i wanted him more than anything else-even when i resisted in my mind ? 
 i wanted to tell him that , in spite of his cheating , i could n't stop loving him , and i had no idea why . 
 the last thing i remembered was the awful sickness as i dashed to the bathroom to empty the remnants of my stomach . 
 chapter 14 love is an unpredictable thing . 
 it never listens to you . 
 it does n't follow your commands . 
 it is like a stubborn cat , eager to chase the next running mouse and to catch it for a trophy . 
 i felt like that mouse , with a sense of ominous , impending doom hanging over my head and no knowledge of which direction to take . 
 i was running in fear , hoping that one day i 'd bump into the door that would lead me to freedom , and jett would n't be waiting on the other side , ready to capture me , ready to make me fall for his wicked charm again . 
 with his sexy smile and his green eyes , he had enslaved my body like no other man . 
 i had no wish , no desire , and certainly no need to fall blindly into the next trap , and jett mayfield certainly was one . 
 our entire relationship had been so intense that i knew it could n't be healthy for my soul . 
 the moment he had kissed me , i had instantly wanted him , as though my body was programmed to react to him , just as my mind could n't stop thinking about sex when he was n't around . 
 i felt as if i was lost in a dark mausoleum , and he was like the phantom of the opera , shrouded in darkness , with the power to sing to me in my sleep and appear in my dreams . 
 he only had to speak my name in that sexy southern accent of his , and i would turn to butter in his hands . 
 i laughed darkly at the comparison of jett with the phantom ; the irony was n't lost on me . 
 i just hoped i would n't end in a straightjacket . 
 after all , my love and desire for him not only turned me blind ; it also rendered me insane . 
 sitting in bed with my arms wrapped around me , i had absolutely no clue what was going on . 
 should n't he feel some guilt for kissing tiffany ? 
 and why was he so angry anyway ? 
 my mind fought to come up with an explanation as to what had gone wrong . 
 jett had n't seemed to feel particularly guilty about the fact that i had seen them . 
 instead , he had been furious . 
 call it wishful thinking , but i had imagined he 'd feel repentant , sorry for all the things he had done , maybe even try to conjure up a bunch of convincing lies . 
 i would n't even have been surprised if he had fled the moment a conflict arose , because are n't men supposed to be enemies of difficult chitchats , accusations , and drawn-out drama ? 
 any sort of reaction would have pleased me more than jett demanding an explanation and then leaving angry , as if he was n't to blame and i was the one with the loose screw . 
 i snorted . 
 it was n't at all the jett i knew-calm and direct . 
 the man who had built one of the most prestigious real estate businesses in the world from scratch . 
 the man who had hardly broken a sweat when racing through the winding roads of italy 's mountains , with pursuers hot on our tail . 
 yet , the mere thought that i believed i slept with someone other than him-even though , in my mind , it had been just a dream-had hurt and enraged him more than anything . 
 that would have been reasonable if it were n't for the fact that he had met tiffany behind my back . 
 i could only guess it had been his guilt speaking . 
 the rage had been etched in his flaming eyes , which morphed into a wildfire when i suggested he might want to kill me to get his hands on the lucazzone estate . 
 oh , my god , the rage-just because i suggested he might want to kill me to get his hands on the estate . 
 i shook my head . 
 it was n't even that farfetched . 
 the news was rife with dark stories of murder and betrayal out of greed . 
 why would n't i assume the worst when his brother was a killer and jett had been visiting him in prison ? 
 he had told me a lie once . 
 i chose to believe him , and he did it again . 
 it was a perfectly reasonable explanation . 
 it was the only explanation i had , given the fact that jett had refused to share his reasons for keeping secrets . 
 all he had to do was answer my questions . 
 he refused and begged for undeserved trust instead . 
 the fact that he would n't be honest annoyed me ; it implied that i was right , strengthening my need to keep my distance from him . 
 he had too much power over me , and i needed a second perspective . 
 i retrieved my cell phone from the nightstand and texted the only sane person i knew : sylvie . 
 as her best friend , it was my duty to tell her everything before jett did . 
 the last thing i needed was for her to side with him . 
 i texted : you 'll never guess what happened last night . 
 i slept with j , and i did n't even know it ! 
 i feel like shooting myself . 
 do n't trust him if he calls you . 
 xx brooke . 
 i sent the message , pulled on a baggy sweater that went all the way down to my knees , and then closed the window absent-mindedly . 
 thousands of thoughts raced through my mind , but they were nothing compared to the millions of feelings threatening to throttle me . 
 for a while , i stood in front of the window , the weight of the situation lingering heavy in the air . 
 eventually , i turned my attention toward the apartment building on the other side of the road . 
 in front of it stood a couple with a little boy sitting on top of the man 's shoulders . 
 they discussed something for a moment , and then the woman just smiled the kind of smile that signaled happiness . 
 his lips melted into hers in a brief but intimate kiss , as though they were used to public displays of affection . 
 my heart ached at the way she smiled proudly at her little family . 
 i will never have a family with jett . 
 my baby will never know what a real family feels like , never ride atop daddy 's shoulders in the sunshine . 
 the thoughts sat in the pit of my stomach like heavy rocks . 
 while i had pushed jett away , a part of me was n't ready to let him go just yet . 
 that same foolish part of me kept hoping he would n't give up on us so easily , wished he 'd find a way to prove to me that he was an honest man . 
 a heavy sadness washed over me at the realization of how much i had believed in our future , how much i had looked forward to raising our child together-as a happy family . 
 now that it was over , we would be estranged parents , one poor and the other rich and successful . 
 someday , jett would find someone else and marry her , and while the thought had been lingering at the back of my mind ever since we met , time had n't taken the sting out of it . 
 as i returned to the warmth of my bed , i realized i was still shaking from the fight . 
 too many things had piled up , but they were nothing compared to the bad feeling of impending doom . 
 nate was out , and with him free , i had no doubt jett would be seeing him on a regular basis , just as he had before . 
 ignoring jett 's scent on the pillows , i leaned back and began to flick through my messages . 
 the legal firm had n't replied . 
 for a moment , i considered calling them again , then decided against it . 
 for one , i was a professional and did n't want to seem as though i was harassing them . 
 and then i figured if they thought the matter important , they 'd get back to me . 
 i had nothing to lose by waiting a little longer . 
 my eyes rested on the wallpaper on my cell phone screen , a picture of jett and me , laughing and grimacing at the camera . 
 a sharp pang shot through my heart as i remembered that day in all its vivid glory . 
 it was one of the many happy memories-too many to count . 
 the first day of autumn , we had been sitting in the park , fooling around , capturing both the change in seasons and our blossoming love . 
 or at least my blossoming love . 
 not his . 
 he was probably too busy thinking about screwing his ex . 
 before i could change my mind , i deleted the picture and replaced the wallpaper with the image of a desolate winter landscape in the hope that the loneliness would empty my mind and the snow would gradually freeze over my feelings . 
 chapter 15 by midday , the entrance door opened , and footsteps thudded across the corridor . 
 my pulse spiked , but there was no time to steady my nerves or hide . 
 i knew it was my best friend . 
 the way she hurried in , i almost expected her to shout , `` fire . '' 
 sylvie threw open the door , her first question hitting me before she even set foot in the room . 
 `` please tell me i 've been pranked , because someone just texted me that you slept with jett . '' 
 her blonde hair was a mess , and her cheeks were flushed , as if she had been running a couple of blocks , which could n't be , because sylvie never engaged in physical activity of any kind , unless it was to get a limited edition of shoes at half-price . 
 i sat up and regarded her grimly as she sat on the edge of the bed , barely able to move in her fluffy , pink cashmere sweater , tight red pants , and dark brown high heels . 
 in spite of her flushed face , she looked as if she had just stepped off a runway . 
 `` i wish , '' i muttered , `` just as much as i wish i could kill myself this instant . '' 
 to my horror , a tear ran down my face . 
 `` oh my god , '' sylvie exclaimed in shock . 
 `` you did n't ! '' 
 slowly , she shook her head in what i assumed was exasperation ; that was understandable as i , too , was slowly growing exasperated with myself . 
 `` why would you do that ? '' 
 why indeed ? 
 `` because i did n't know it was him . '' 
 i raised my hand in defense , feeling defeated . 
 her eyes widened . 
 `` but how ... how could you not know it was jett ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 i raised my hand in defense , feeling defeated . 
 `` and before you ask , no , i 've no idea how i could n't know . 
 i just did n't recognize him . 
 it all happened so fast . 
 it was dark and the lights in the club made him look strange and distorted . '' 
 the whole thing rang farfetched , unbelievable , because it was . 
 `` but still . 
 you have ears . 
 you must have spoken at some point and yet you did n't recognize his voice ? '' 
 sylvie asked in disbelief , her tone dripping with accusation . 
 talk about not being judgmental ! 
 what happened to compassion ? 
 `` there is a term for it , '' i muttered . 
 `` it 's called selective perception , seeing and hearing only what your mind chooses to see and hear . 
 google it if you do n't believe me . '' 
 `` i might do that , '' sylvie said and plopped down on the edge of the bed . 
 `` what was he doing at the club anyway ? '' 
 `` i 've got no idea . '' 
 that was the one question i did n't get the chance to ask . 
 she shook her head in disbelief again . 
 `` jesus , brooke . 
 i thought we talked about this . '' 
 she kicked off her expensive shoes , exposing swollen feet and red , painful marks that would soon turn into blisters . 
 `` do n't you remember what you 've been drilling into me for years ? '' 
 she cocked an eyebrow meaningfully . 
 i shook my head to signal that i had no clue . 
 she picked up her left shoe and held it up in the air like a preacher waving a bible around . 
 `` if a shoe does n't fit the first time you try it on , it 'll always give you blisters . 
 why do n't you trust your own advice and accept that if a man hurts you once , he will always hurt you ? '' 
 her footwear analogy summoned a faint smile to my lips . 
 `` jett is n't your average pair of shoes , '' i retorted . 
 `` he 's a big , fat gumboot and too much to handle . 
 nothing gets to him . 
 nothing can change his form . 
 he does what he wants , whenever he wants , and how he wants it , paying no mind to anyone else 's feelings . 
 i 'm swimming in those shoes , but i ca n't seem to pull them off . '' 
 hysteria bubbled in the back of my throat . 
 i turned to sylvie in the hopes she 'd get the joke , but worry was still etched into the lines of her face . 
 `` i 'm serious , brooke . '' 
 her frown deepened . 
 `` a shoe is a shoe , and if it does n't fit the first time you try it on , it never will . 
 there are no exceptions . '' 
 my laughter died in my throat . 
 i let out a sigh and nodded . 
 she had always looked out for me , and as much as i would have preferred otherwise , she was right . 
 no matter how hard i tried to deny it , jett was n't good for me . 
 i might have adjusted to his ways , but that did n't mean i would n't have to endure all sorts of pain along the way , unless i gave up on us forever . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 i relented . 
 `` i know i should n't have slept with him . 
 it 's just ... '' i struggled for words . 
 how could i possibly explain to her that , on a subconscious level , my body responded to him because i loved him ? 
 that it did n't matter if jett wore a paper bag on his head , that something inexplicable kept pulling me to him . 
 i could n't change that , whether i wanted it or not . 
 sylvie 's face lit up . 
 `` i know what went wrong , '' she said coolly . 
 `` you had to be drunk , because no woman in her right mind would ever take back a guy like him after the stunt he pulled . '' 
 what she did n't realize was that i very well might not have been in my right mind . 
 all rational thought had flown out the door the moment jett entered my life . 
 i pressed the pillow against my chest as i recalled the previous months ' events . 
 even when i knew i should n't trust a guy with a southern accent , gorgeous lips , and a body to die for , my brain had switched off at the mere sight of him . 
 his charm and looks had persuaded me to jump into bed with him soon after we met . 
 i had let my guard down and allowed myself to fall in love with him . 
 fighting the urge to explain , i gave a careless shrug . 
 it would have been much easier to let sylvie think the influence of alcohol was to blame . 
 but , for some reason , i just could n't . 
 `` you know me , '' i said . 
 `` i do n't get drunk easily . 
 i had one drink , two max . 
 that 's it . 
 i swear . '' 
 `` i knew it . 
 you would never let a guy like jett back into your bed under normal circumstances . '' 
 in spite of her stern voice , a gentle smile lit up her face as she regarded me . 
 `` you know your jersey-shore-partying days are over . 
 as much as you love to party , you ca n't do that anymore , not in your condition . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 sylvie was worse than my mother . 
 not only was she trying to see straight through me , but she also always managed to make me feel worse . 
 my previous life could n't have been more different . 
 it had all been about work and building a career that had gone nowhere-until jett entered my life and offered me a job with mayfield realties . 
 `` you 're right , '' i replied , unconvinced . 
 `` i should give up on fun altogether . '' 
 `` that 's not what i meant . 
 but drinking yourself into a stupor so you did n't even recognize the devil ? 
 that 's ... '' figuring that sylvie would go on for a while , i stopped listening . 
 as i crossed my legs on the bed , i noticed a blue bruise on my thigh , and i realized it must have happened when i stumbled . 
 fuzzy images began to flood my mind . 
 even though i had n't realized it was him , jett had managed to break my fall . 
 i remembered the way the stranger had held me , his arms wrapped around my waist , his hot breath on my face as he said something i could n't remember . 
 while i knew for a fact that i had barely had one and a half cocktails and the alcohol might have wreaked havoc on my body , was it enough to make me believe i was in a dream and cause trouble remembering specific details such as the events after my fall ? 
 possibly . 
 however , not likely . 
 and why had i kept seeing a wolf ? 
 it must have been some kind of hallucination , brought on by jett 's intimidating flair . 
 the question that bothered me the most was why spin a concoction of phantasms rather than just recognize jett ? 
 sylvie was right : even under the influence of alcohol , that part made no sense . 
 i closed my eyes , because i could n't believe what i was about to say . 
 `` jett asked if i was high . 
 it did n't strike me as odd at the time , but now ... '' i opened my eyes . 
 my gaze scanned the room before settling on the bucket , and a horrible thought crossed my mind . 
 sylvie spoke out the obvious first . 
 `` you think your drink was spiked ? '' 
 she asked , narrowing her eyes . 
 i grimaced but did n't respond . 
 `` do you think he would - '' i shook my head , horrified at the thought . 
 `` no . 
 that was n't jett . 
 gina bought all the drinks . '' 
 i paused long enough to notice sylvie 's frown , then added , `` she 's someone i met at work . '' 
 `` i see , '' sylvie said , deep in thought . 
 i did n't like the look on her face and almost feared what she 'd say next , but to my surprise , she just leaned back on the bed for a minute . 
 `` back when we were in college , my mom always had that irrational fear that we 'd get into drugs , remember ? '' 
 sylvia finally said . 
 i nodded , unsure of where she was going . 
 `` it did n't exactly help that some guy smoked pot in the communal kitchen right before my mom popped in for a surprise visit , '' sylvie continued . 
 i grinned , remembering the scene vividly . 
 her mother had been livid , and back then , i was sure i 'd never see sylvie again . 
 she never told me how she managed to diffuse that bomb . 
 `` she bought a couple home drug-testing kits to detect the presence of common street and prescription drugs-you know , the usual , like ecstasy , amphetamines , opiates , and that stuff . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 i stared at her , open-mouthed . 
 `` i did n't even know they make such a thing . 
 no wonder you never told me . '' 
 sylvie waved her hand , her expression betraying her annoyance . 
 `` wait , that 's not all . 
 whenever she made one of her surprise visits , which was often , she insisted that i do the test . 
 if i refused she 'd cut off my allowance . '' 
 she grimaced , and her expression darkened just a little more . 
 `` anyway , my point is that the test is 99.9 percent accurate . 
 were it not for the negative results , my mom never would have believed i was n't taking anything because she has this unnerving tendency not to trust anyone , including her own daughter . '' 
 `` wow . 
 your mom ... '' i shook my head in disbelief . 
 `` i do n't blame her for what she did though . 
 we used to party pretty hard . '' 
 `` yeah , like crazy . '' 
 sylvie let out a high laugh as her expression adopted that faraway look that screamed she was being transported back to a different time in our lives . 
 `` anyway , i still have a kit in my room . 
 if you unknowingly took any drugs in the past forty-eight hours , we can know for sure within a few minutes . 
 so ... '' she looked at me , surveying me for a moment . 
 `` are you up for it ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 now ? '' 
 `` yeah , now . '' 
 she jumped up and pulled me to my feet . 
 `` it 's probably expired , but we could still give it a shot . '' 
 i nodded , even though the idea was n't exactly appealing . 
 how would i react if the test came back positive ? 
 what could i possibly assume other than that gina might be into drugs and that she might have thought she was doing me a favor , helping me loosen up ? 
 it was n't unusual or unheard of . 
 i had grown up in an area where teens offered others drugs , because they assumed their friends wanted to give them a try , too . 
 but would gina do that without even asking me ? 
 i just could n't believe she 'd sneak it on me , without even telling me . 
 i watched as sylvie retrieved a box from an upper shelf in her bedroom and motioned for me to follow her . 
 even as i walked after her , i knew i did n't want to go through with the test because i feared its outcome . 
 then again , if i did n't find out , the fear of not knowing would always be greater , nagging at the back of my mind . 
 metaphorical dark clouds descended upon me as soon as i joined sylvie in the bathroom . 
 for some reason , it was almost as bad as peeing on a pregnancy test . 
 with each passing second , i grew more anxious , and finally it was time to evaluate the results . 
 `` here you go , '' sylvie said . 
 with a flick of her hand , i had my answer . 
 we both stared at the paper in shock . 
 all substances appeared to be negative , except one . 
 what the hell ! 
 `` you 're positive for ghp , '' she whispered . 
 `` now would be a great time to shoot me , '' i murmured . 
 sylvie opened her mouth to protest or lecture me , but i held up my hand to stop her . 
 `` do n't . 
 i do n't want to hear it . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' sylvie said slowly . 
 `` do n't be . '' 
 i looked at her grimly , my mind strangely devoid of thoughts . 
 i should have been shocked , fuming mad about the results , anything but-cold and composed . 
 someone had spiked my drink , and it seemed that someone was gina , for whatever reason . 
 the comprehension stung , but it did n't register . 
 instead , something else seemed to take center spot in my mind . 
 the knowledge that i was n't to blame for what had happened the previous night did n't ease the guilt of having slept with jett . 
 perhaps my foggy mind had failed to recognize him and i had mistaken the entire sordid encounter for a dream , but as sure as hell , jett had been lingering in my memories the whole time . 
 i wanted him , and he was the one i would always want , the choice i would always make , no matter how bad for me . 
 `` do n't be so hard on yourself . 
 it 's not your fault , brooke , '' sylvie whispered . 
 i shook my head , because she did n't understand . 
 it was my fault , and i had no one else to blame . 
 `` i could have chosen any man . 
 why him ? '' 
 i turned away to hide the telltale moisture in my eyes , but i could feel sylvie 's intense gaze burning a hole in my back , and her thoughts and anger were almost palpable in the air . 
 `` oh , sweetie , come here . '' 
 she enveloped me in a hug as tears began to trickle down my face again . 
 chapter 16 in spite of my constant assurance that i was okay , sylvie called in sick at work so she could stay with me . 
 she made breakfast for us , consisting of her usual black coffee and toast , then cleared out a box of old movies for us to watch . 
 for the first time in my life , she even offered to cook us chinese . 
 i laughed , until her offended expression told me she was being serious . 
 `` we 'd better use them before they expire , '' she said , standing in the kitchen with a brand new apron tied around her narrow waist . 
 scattered across the table were the contents of a gift box consisting of a cooking set for beginners , complete with chinese ingredients . 
 she had received it last christmas from an aunt and had stashed it away in the back of a cupboard , along with all the other clutter she did n't need . 
 at that time , she had claimed the gift was ridiculous . 
 now , she seemed hell-bent on giving it a try . 
 i lifted the recipe book and flicked through the first few pages . 
 it was the smallest cookbook i had ever seen , barely bigger than my palm . 
 `` this is it . '' 
 sylvie pointed to a page . 
 doubting the sanity of her idea , i scanned the recipe and was about to express my concern , when sylvie opened a packet of black , shriveled fungi . 
 i pinched my nose at the pungent smell : a noxious mixture of old cheese , stale beer , and wasted onions and garlic . 
 `` you sure you want to do this ? '' 
 i asked , even though i knew she was n't ; i could tell from the darting eye movement and the nervousness reflected in her expression . 
 like me , sylvie was scared of cooking . 
 `` i mean , i appreciate the effort , but we could always just order in . '' 
 i made it sound nonchalant , as though it did n't matter to me either way , even though i was almost ready to beg her to throw away the smelly stuff and leave the cooking to people who knew what they were doing . 
 `` no . '' 
 she shook her head with the kind of determination i had learned to fear from her . 
 `` i want to cook for you , to do something nice . 
 anything that makes you feel better , you know ? '' 
 my mouth went dry . 
 usually , when sylvie tried to do something nice for me , it ended in disaster , but i could n't bear to tell her that . 
 in order to prevent any calamity that could possibly happen , i would just have to keep an eye on her . 
 `` in that case , at least let me help you . '' 
 i grabbed a knife , ready to chop a carrot , but sylvie snatched it out of my hands , shooting me an awkward look . 
 `` i 'd rather you enjoy the movie . '' 
 she stashed the knife out of my reach . 
 was that a hint of nervousness i detected ? 
 i eyed her carefully . 
 avoiding my probing gaze , she held the knife close to her chest , as if it was some prized possession and anytime someone might try to steal it from her . 
 my stomach churned . 
 surely ... no , it could n't be . 
 as if sensing my stare , her grip around the knife tightened , until her knuckles whitened . 
 oh , for crying out loud . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i should relax more and take it easy . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` i 'm going to take a bath . '' 
 i headed for my room and closed the door behind me . 
 i had barely pressed my back against the wall when footsteps thudded down the hall and the door was thrown open . 
 sylvie 's frantic gaze swept over me and then the bathroom . 
 she looked so miserable , that i had to stifle a laugh . 
 `` taking a bath sounds great , but could you leave the door open ? 
 please ? '' 
 she smiled but it looked pasted on . 
 `` in case i need you , '' she added . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 she smiled again and , without another word , she returned to the kitchen . 
 oh , my god . 
 no way . 
 no freaking way . 
 sylvie thought i was suicidal . 
 under different circumstances , i would have laughed and called her out on it . 
 but i could n't this time because i had no one but myself to blame . 
 obviously , she had mistaken my joke about killing myself as a call for help . 
 or maybe i looked like a loose cannon that might go off at any time . 
 i snorted . 
 as if i would kill myself over jett . 
 i opened several doors in our bathroom and scanned the contents of the shelves in the medicine cabinet : pills , razors , and even the hair straightener were gone . 
 even the belt of my bathrobe was absent . 
 that was ridiculous . 
 `` sylvie ! '' 
 i yelled and followed her into the kitchen , unsure if i should be angry or laugh about the absurdity of the situation . 
 `` where 's my hair straightener ? '' 
 or any other electrical items i might choose to electrocute myself ? 
 `` it 's ... '' sylvie paused , struggling for words . 
 `` faulty . 
 i had to send it back for repairs . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 i raised my eyebrows . 
 `` and where are the razors , so i can shave my legs ? 
 i have to be at work at seven . '' 
 `` used them . '' 
 this time , her lie came out smooth and prepared . 
 she even nodded convincingly . 
 `` the whole pack ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 not even a blink . 
 i opened our utility drawer . 
 all plastic bags were gone . 
 as if i would pull one over my head and suffocate myself . 
 i took a deep breath and released it slowly . 
 `` you would n't , by any chance , happen to think i might want to kill myself just because i slept with jett , would you ? '' 
 i asked nonchalantly . 
 sylvie 's eyes popped wide open . 
 she opened her mouth to speak , then closed it , only to reopen it a second later . 
 i held up a hand to stop her . 
 `` i see your point , '' i said through gritted teeth . 
 `` you 're afraid i might harm myself , and i appreciate your concern . 
 but - '' i heaved an annoyed sigh . 
 `` it 's not going to happen . 
 i wo n't kill myself over jett . 
 even with all the bad things in my life , that thought has never crossed my mind . '' 
 `` it 's just ... '' she trailed off , leaving the rest hanging heavy in the air . 
 `` i slept with him , and i know that 's a reason for concern . '' 
 i nodded slowly , trying to keep my voice calm . 
 `` i 'm reminded of that every hour . 
 and it does n't exactly help that i still love him or that i was under the influence of drugs without even knowing it . 
 but that does n't mean i 'm suicidal , all right ? 
 so , for the sake of my sanity , can you please return my things ? '' 
 sylvie just stared at me . 
 i frowned . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i do n't understand , brooke , '' she said slowly . 
 `` how can you still love him after everything he 's done ? '' 
 i opened my mouth to offer some sort of witty reply , but my brain failed to come up with any worthy retort . 
 in all the frenzy of her worrying and my assurances that she did n't have to worry about me , the words had just stumbled out of my mouth . 
 not once had i stopped to think about what i was saying . 
 crap ! 
 why did i have to declare my undying love for him ? 
 even if it was true-truly , crappy , painfully true-sylvie would n't understand . 
 after jett 's angry departure , i had thought hard about him . 
 it was n't just the images of him and tiffany and visiting his killer brother that were branded in my mind . 
 i also remembered the hours i had spent with him , all those good times that had made me believe our relationship was long-term material . 
 even now that it was over , i still thought about him nonstop . 
 seeing his face in my mind was painful , but so was the fact that i still loved him without wanting to , and there was nothing i could do about that . 
 he was in my mind , behind every thought , every word-sneaking around like the shadow of a draft , always there but not visible to the eye . 
 `` brooke ? '' 
 sylvie prompted . 
 realizing she was still waiting for an answer , i looked up and grimaced . 
 of course she would n't let it go . 
 for once , could n't she pretend she did n't hear my foolish declaration of love to the one guy who did n't deserve it ? 
 `` there is no off switch to make my heart complete , okay ? '' 
 i snapped at her . 
 `` i thought that seeing his cheating with my own eyes would make me stop loving him . 
 i thought all the pain and anger would erase my feelings for him . '' 
 i smirked . 
 `` but i was wrong . 
 i still love him , and i ca n't help it . 
 you do n't like it . 
 well , i do n't like it either , but you know what ? 
 i ca n't do anything about it . '' 
 to avoid her pitiful stare , i looked around and began to open drawers . 
 `` where are my things anyway ? '' 
 `` uh-uh . 
 i 'll never tell you . '' 
 she shook her head in what i assumed was mock disapproval . 
 `` according to various websites , i ca n't leave you unsupervised with anything you might use to hurt yourself , not until i 'm sure you 're over him . '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` you googled that ? '' 
 i stared at her in disbelief . 
 `` sylvie , i 'm fine . 
 no need to panic or turn my hair straightener into contraband . '' 
 `` people in forums warn that the person might be lying , pretending to be fine to mask the pain until they are alone . '' 
 the masking part was true , but i certainly did n't feel suicidal . 
 `` do i look like i 'm being irresponsible and ready to kill myself and leave you and my mother behind ? '' 
 i snapped . 
 `` no , but ... '' she hesitated . 
 `` then cut the bullshit . '' 
 i held out my hand . 
 `` my stuff , sylvie . 
 please ? '' 
 she shook her head again . 
 i dropped my hand in mock annoyance . 
 `` fine . 
 whatever . 
 i 'll find it myself . '' 
 with one last glare at her , i headed for her bedroom , but sylvie blocked my path . 
 i narrowed my eyes at her and then it dawned on me . 
 she had stashed it all in there . 
 `` i will return everything , under one condition . '' 
 she held up a manicured index finger . 
 `` which is ? '' 
 `` you let me help you . '' 
 i let out a short , irritated laugh . 
 `` i mean it , sylvie . 
 you do n't have to worry about me harming myself-or him , '' i said sourly , deliberately avoiding saying jett 's name . 
 i knew i sounded bitter , but my emotions threatened to choke me . 
 `` i can accept my feelings for him and yet still not want to be with him . 
 for that , i do n't need anyone 's help . '' 
 `` i hope so . '' 
 the doubt in her tone signaled that she was n't convinced . 
 `` because if you do n't get over him , i 'll personally drag your ass to the best laa group meeting in town . '' 
 i raised my eyebrows in confusion . 
 `` laa ? '' 
 `` love addicts anonymous , '' she clarified . 
 `` if an intervention does n't help , laa will solve any sort of obsession problem with any guy . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` i 'm not obsessed with anyone . '' 
 in fact , i hated the sound of the word . 
 even though i had no doubt that laa existed , the idea of joining some help organization and talking about jett , then having to listen to other sob stories , was absurd . 
 `` if you say so . '' 
 sylvie shot me a skeptical look . 
 `` you know , it would n't hurt to give it a try . '' 
 a pang of annoyance hit me at the realization that sylvie did n't believe me . 
 just because i was in love did n't mean i was also obsessed . 
 okay , maybe a little . 
 still , sylvie did n't have to be so brutally honest about it . 
 disappointment or not , what was wrong with being a little obsessed with the man you loved , thinking about him day and night-which was the result of a bruised ego and hopes that were destroyed ? 
 `` i do n't owe you an explanation , okay ? '' 
 my voice trembled slightly as i glared at her . 
 `` i might still be in love with jett , but i 'm not crazy , and i 'm certainly not bordering on obsessive or jumping-off-a-cliff-compulsive . 
 it would take a lot more to make me jump off a bridge or start stalking him . '' 
 `` i 'm just trying to help , '' sylvie said defensively . 
 `` i do n't want you to get hurt and make the same mistake again . '' 
 i wanted to point out i had repeated the mistake before and survived , but i kept my mouth shut . 
 `` no man is worth the pain or waiting for him to change , '' she continued . 
 `` it 's easy to be in love with the idea of love rather than actually loving a person . '' 
 god , sylvie could be irritating sometimes . 
 `` you 've got it wrong . 
 i 'm not in love with the idea of love , '' i said in a low tone . 
 i sounded so defensive it was almost laughable . 
 `` if i were in love with the idea , we 'd be married by now , probably horseback-riding on the beach . '' 
 she shrugged , unconvinced . 
 `` if you say so . '' 
 i glowered at her as i began to massage my temples to get rid of the pounding behind them . 
 it was n't like me to be rude , but sylvie did n't see how much i wanted to be alone in the dark abyss of my mind so that i could ignore the annoying agony in my chest . 
 `` maybe you moved in with him too soon , '' she murmured , oblivious to my reluctance to talk . 
 for a second , i was taken aback , and my head snapped in her direction . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i asked , shocked . 
 i had feared the same thing , but i had discarded it . 
 to hear my hidden fear coming from her mouth was daunting . 
 `` think , brooke . 
 you did everything he wanted . 
 you moved in with him . 
 you worked for him . 
 you always played by his rules . '' 
 she counted more reasons , but i stopped listening . 
 the blood in my ears rushed faster , drowning out everything else . 
 was it possible that jett and i had spent too much time together and our relationship fell into a routine , where he felt he did n't have to chase me anymore because he already had me ? 
 my heart lurched at the thought that our relationship had become too boring for jett . 
 it certainly made sense and explained why he had wanted me to dress up as someone he had never met before . 
 i was n't a prude when it came to spicing up one 's love life and role-playing could be a part of that , but so early in a relationship ? 
 i buried my face in my hands , letting my shoulders drop . 
 `` i 'm so f ** king stupid . 
 i should have moved out as soon as nate was arrested . 
 better yet , i never should have moved in with him in the first place . '' 
 `` it 's just a theory , brooke . 
 i 'm not saying it 's true . 
 i 'm just pleading with you to open your eyes and see him the way i do , rather than loving him for what he appears to be . '' 
 it made sense . 
 i had given too much too soon . 
 sylvie was right . 
 the possibility existed that my obsession with jett was not only stupid , but in vain , too . 
 `` you 've made your point , loud and clear . 
 now , can you please shut up and leave me alone ? '' 
 i walked back into the bathroom and slammed the door shut before sinking to the floor , feeling number from the cold than ever before . 
 chapter 17 a soft knock carried over from the door . 
 `` brooke ? '' 
 sylvie 's voice was filled with worry . 
 a second later , her head appeared in the doorway , and i looked up . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` i made us coffee . 
 are you coming ? '' 
 on the heels of anger came acceptance . 
 there was no point in evading her . 
 sighing , i stood and walked back into the kitchen and sat down at the table . 
 sylvie slumped into the seat opposite me and pulled her knees up to her chest , regarding me . 
 `` i want my things back before i go to work , '' i said , her gaze unnerving me . 
 `` fine . '' 
 for a long moment , sylvie just stared at me , the oppressing silence heavy with words unspoken . 
 each passing second frayed my nerves . 
 the way she just sat there , with her arms crossed over her chest and her lips pressed in a tight line , she looked scarier than a scolding schoolteacher . 
 for an awful moment , i feared she might resume her lecture on obsession . 
 the skin on my face prickled . 
 without intending to , i brushed a hand over my mouth , realizing i had been stroking my abdomen for the past few minutes , the gesture both protective and indicative of my frightening isolation . 
 finally , sylvie sighed and leaned back in her seat , the tension between us slowly dissipating as she watched my movement . 
 `` can you feel the baby ? '' 
 `` not yet . '' 
 i shook my head , relaxing a little , happy for the change in topic . 
 `` it will be a while before it starts kicking , but i do feel different . 
 i feel like part of j - '' i bit my lip , stopping myself from saying the one thing that kept burning inside my mind . 
 `` i feel like something else is inside me . '' 
 sylvie regarded me intently , her expression hardening again , but she did n't probe . 
 dammit . 
 not only was i under his spell , but i was also having a hard time controlling what came out of my mouth around sylvie . 
 no wonder she thought i was in desperate need of an laa session . 
 after admitting that i still loved him and now proclaiming that he had become a part of me through our unborn child , it was as if i still harbored the slightest hope we would end up together ... even though i knew i was kidding myself . 
 ending together was impossible . 
 i had broken things off , and he had left me . 
 we were over , even if i could n't believe it yet . 
 `` i have something for you . '' 
 she retrieved a yellow envelope from one of the drawers and pushed it into my hands . 
 `` i meant to give it to you in a few weeks , but i thought why wait that long ? '' 
 she shrugged , as though it was n't a big deal . 
 `` i thought we might attend ... together . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i opened the envelope but did n't peer inside . 
 sylvie raised her eyebrows , urging me to take a look . 
 i did as requested . 
 it was a voucher for childbirth classes . 
 i smiled , suddenly overwhelmed by emotion . 
 `` these will be great . 
 i had n't even thought of it . '' 
 it was a kind gesture , and probably one of sylvie 's attempts to try to distract my mind from jett and help me focus on the future . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i looked up at her . 
 to my surprise , sylvie did n't return my smile as she watched me push the voucher back inside the envelope , and i could n't help but feel uneasy . 
 the tension in her posture was unmistakable . 
 was that a hint of nervousness on her face ? 
 `` can i ask you something ? '' 
 she said at last . 
 i narrowed my eyes , suddenly wary of her scary expression . 
 i was n't sure how to reply . 
 i did n't want her to ask me anything , but i just said , very carefully , `` what ? '' 
 `` do n't take this the wrong way , '' she started . 
 i winced at what might be coming . 
 sylvie 's questions and statements always had that effect on me . 
 `` i know you have n't told your mom about your pregnancy yet . 
 i probably would n't either , because she can be a real dragon . 
 but - '' she moistened her lips , pausing as she considered her next words . 
 `` for the past few weeks , i 've been wondering why you do n't really make any plans ? 
 i 'm your best friend , and yet you never talk about the baby . 
 no offense , brooke , but it would be hard to believe you 're three months pregnant , if it were n't for the test . '' 
 so it was a personal issue between friends . 
 i relaxed a little . 
 `` oh , that , '' i said , flicking my wrist . 
 it was true . 
 up until that moment , i had always avoided any discussion about the baby . 
 i did n't talk about my pregnancy like other expecting women , and i understood why it was a matter of concern for sylvie . 
 the truth was , even though i had listened and gone along with jett 's and sylvie 's suggestions , the entire situation seemed surreal . 
 now that jett and i were over , i was trying even harder to banish any thoughts of what the future might have in store . 
 i smirked . 
 `` i 'm not like other people , sylvie . 
 maybe others want to scream it at the top of their lungs , but i do n't . 
 i 'm not comfortable telling the whole world my business . '' 
 `` but why ? 
 are n't you excited ? '' 
 she narrowed her eyes . 
 `` just because you and he are over , it should n't change anything . 
 you should be proud , go shopping , plan a baby shower . 
 you should be talking about it nonstop , you know , do all the stuff women do when they 're pregnant . 
 i 'd love to help , even though i 'm not even keen on having kids . '' 
 she paused , eyeing me cautiously . 
 `` is it because of jett ? '' 
 i winced inwardly at the way she said his name , as if he resembled an infectious disease . 
 `` no . 
 it 's - '' my voice failed me . 
 i took a deep breath and released it slowly . 
 `` it has nothing to do with him . '' 
 i shot her a begging look , silently urging her to stop talking about him . 
 could n't she leave the matter be , forget his name like i was trying to ? 
 `` what is it then ? '' 
 sylvie insisted . 
 `` it 's just ... i ca n't believe that i 'm pregnant . '' 
 `` so being in denial is your solution ? '' 
 she stared at me in shock . 
 `` you have to face reality eventually , particularly when you stop fitting into your clothes . '' 
 `` i 'm not in denial , '' i protested . 
 `` i just do n't want to risk anything . '' 
 `` risk ? 
 i do n't understand . '' 
 she spread her hands , palms out , her usually smooth forehead creased in a frown . 
 `` what 's the problem ? 
 i understand you do n't want to talk about jett , but what about your baby ? '' 
 `` you 're a hell of annoying , you know that ? '' 
 i laughed , even though the situation did n't seem particularly amusing to me . 
 `` i 'm your friend . 
 i 'm supposed to be annoying . '' 
 she leaned forward , smoothing her hair back . 
 `` that 's what friends are for . 
 we 're supposed to breathe down your neck to make sure you stay on track , but i ca n't do that if you keep things to yourself . 
 ever since you met jett , you 've been shutting me out . 
 have you ever thought about how that makes me feel ? '' 
 her tone betrayed her hurt . 
 surprised , i looked up at her and slowly realized that sylvie had likely felt that way for a while . 
 shame burned through me . 
 had i been so blind that i did n't realize i was neglecting our friendship ? 
 we had been friends forever , and yet there were things sylvie still did n't know about me-things only jett knew . 
 for the past few weeks , i had been so focused on jett that i had not realized sylvie might feel left out . 
 she had always been the sister i lost . 
 and now with jett gone , she was all i had . 
 there was no doubt that she deserved my trust more than he did . 
 i owed it to her to tell the truth . 
 `` look , i get your concern . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` i know it 's wrong not to talk about things , but if i start talking , i 'll start making plans . 
 i 'll dream and hope , and i do n't want to do that right now . 
 when i was with jett , i always had this unexplained fear that something would happen . '' 
 `` that you would break up ? '' 
 sylvie cut in . 
 the question was harmless enough . 
 `` no . 
 it was n't only that , '' i said softly . 
 i walked over to the coffeemaker . 
 we had been so engrossed in our discussion that she had forgotten to switch it off . 
 i poured steaming coffee in two cups , then handed sylvie hers . 
 `` i want this child more than anything , but i do n't want my hopes raised , only to see them shattered , '' i said . 
 `` what 's so wrong with that ? 
 if you had experienced what i 've gone through , you 'd probably feel the same way . '' 
 i wrapped my fingers around the cup , but even the hot liquid did n't warm my cold hands . 
 looking up into sylvie 's blue eyes , i remembered it was n't that long ago that someone had planned to kill me . 
 sylvie remained quiet , so i continued , `` trust me , i want to embrace motherhood . 
 i want to paint the nursery in hues of pink and blue . 
 i want to talk about baby plans all day , but i ca n't . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 i paused , wondering whether the question was directed at myself as much as at sylvie . 
 `` it 's just not an option at the moment-not when nate is free and i 'm living in constant fear . 
 every night is a struggle , and i ca n't fall asleep . 
 i 'm in such a state , i do n't dare hope for the better , and i most certainly do n't imagine what things could be like . '' 
 i waited for sylvie to ask another question , but she remained uncharacteristically silent . 
 with a frown , she stared at her coffee , engrossed in her own thoughts . 
 `` i understand , '' she whispered at last . 
 `` i 'm sorry , brooke . 
 i was so wrapped up in the belief that you were n't happy about being pregnant that i thought ... '' she stopped in thought , unable or unwilling to finish her sentence . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i know you mean well , '' i said softly , my hand starting to rub my flat tummy , a habit i had developed since i 'd learned i was pregnant . 
 please stop talking about my baby or jett . 
 especially jett . 
 `` anyway , let 's not linger on those depressing issues . '' 
 i forced a smile onto my lips , even though there was no feeling behind it . 
 `` enough about me already . 
 what about you ? 
 what are your plans for the day ? '' 
 as if sensing my need for a change in topic , sylvie lifted a mushroom and smelled it , then grimaced . 
 `` i 'm going on a date today . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i said , agog . 
 `` with whom ? 
 why did n't you tell me sooner ? 
 we could have gone shopping to find you a nice dress . '' 
 she smiled with little enthusiasm and shrugged . 
 `` it 's no big deal . 
 a friend set me up on a blind date . 
 i might call it off . '' 
 sylvie loved going on dates , and more than anything , she loved any excuse to go shopping . 
 it was odd for her not to be excited about it . 
 i inched next to her , knowing that the only reason she 'd blow one off was because she thought i needed her . 
 `` no , you should definitely go , '' i said . 
 `` in fact , i insist . 
 just because i 'm having a bad day does n't mean you have to stay home and play babysitter . 
 besides , i 'm working late today . '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 she hesitated , catching my eyes . 
 `` will you be okay ? '' 
 i smiled gently and shrugged . 
 `` sure i will . 
 you 've already helped me so much . '' 
 it was the truth . 
 sylvie and i might have had our conflicts and our own personal dramas , but having her near me , knowing she cared so much about me , helped me . 
 i had always admired sylvie , with good reason . 
 she had gone through many more breakups than i had , and yet she was quick to stand up and move on . 
 it was as if her heart was free to love whomever she wanted , and she could easily let go with the prospect of dating the next guy , whereas i just would n't learn from my mistakes . 
 my heart resembled a trained falcon with its feet tied to its master and a hood on its head , unable to escape into freedom . 
 all my life , i had vowed that i would never let anyone into my heart . 
 when i made an exception for jett , i never thought that it would change my life . 
 my priorities and focus had shifted to the point that i had neglected my friends and my mother . 
 my plans had been put on the back burner , and previous goals had lost importance . 
 too many things had changed , me included . 
 sitting in the silence , in our old kitchen , with the penetrating ticking of the old clock above the door as the only sound , i realized that while i could n't turn back time , i still had the power to change things to how they used to be . 
 having sylvie close reminded me why i had to stick to my resolutions and promises never to let a man control my heart . 
 `` you go on your date , '' i said resolutely . 
 `` i 'll even help you choose a dress . '' 
 `` if you insist . '' 
 she smiled at me . 
 `` but you 've got to give me a hand with this cooking . '' 
 `` are you really going to cook those things ? '' 
 i pointed to the mushrooms in her hand , my mortification probably written all over my face . 
 i was standing a few feet away , yet i could still smell the unpleasant bouquet of hippie , old cheese , and gym socks . 
 i hoped the stench would dissipate , because i was n't going to eat anything smelly . 
 besides , they looked so dark and wrinkled , i doubted they were edible at all . 
 even sylvie looked doubtful as she eyed the old mushrooms with the kind of disgusted expression she usually reserved for spiders or anything that had more than four legs , but she remained quiet . 
 `` not trying to say i do n't want you to do something nice for me , but maybe we could do chinese another day ? 
 i 'd kill for a pizza with cheese crust , pepperoni , onions , and black olives , '' i said . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 `` thank god . 
 me too . '' 
 she looked genuinely relieved as she dropped the shriveled mushrooms . 
 `` i 'd love ham and extra cheese . 
 with lots of different toppings , right ? 
 i can wolf that stuff down like no other . '' 
 i beamed at her . 
 `` same as always . '' 
 god , i loved sylvie . 
 my gaze followed her as she got up and crossed the room . 
 she was almost out the door when i called out , `` sylvie ? '' 
 she stopped and turned around . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` thank you , '' i whispered . 
 `` you 're such a good friend . 
 i have no idea what i 'd do without you . '' 
 a mysterious smile lit up her glossy lips . 
 `` i 'm not a good friend . '' 
 i frowned and she let out a soft laugh . 
 `` a good friend knows about your best days , but a best friend has lived through all your worst . 
 see the difference ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` i 'm your best friend , brooke . 
 guys will come and go and break you in pieces , but i will always be here to mend you again . '' 
 `` then you 're my super glue , '' i said , laughing . 
 `` damn right i am . '' 
 she flashed another smile and picked up the phone to order our lunch . 
 chapter 18 the whole day passed in a blur . 
 sylvie tried to distract me with movies and food , but i constantly found myself checking my phone like an obsessive lunatic . 
 jett did n't contact me . 
 no calls . 
 no messages . 
 nothing to indicate that he wanted to work things out . 
 his indifference was a blessing and helped to put things in perspective , but even though i should have been thankful , it bothered me . 
 the more i pored over sylvie 's words , the more i wondered what jett had been doing at the club and what had stopped him from telling me the truth , and , of course , why my foolish brain could n't stop thinking about him . 
 i cursed my weakness for him . 
 hour after hour , i wished my feelings for him far away , and they kept crawling back like ants to sweets . 
 i wanted to forget him , but at the same time , i wanted to hear from him . 
 i wanted to see him in pain while wishing him nothing but the best . 
 so many conflicting emotions twisted into an ever-present knot of contradiction and impatience . 
 i had to get a grip . 
 and fast , before my life stopped belonging to me , and jett became the sole focus of my attention . 
 at 6:45 p.m. , thalia picked me up from around the corner , the same place where she 'd dropped me off before , and we made our way to grayson 's studio . 
 from the corner of my eyes , i glanced at her gorgeous , yellow , lacy dress , complete with stockings and black high heels . 
 her glossy , long hair was tied up in a complicated burlesque hairstyle , with beautifully defined curls and waves added to the sides and front , complementing her pretty face . 
 something wafted from her , an air of confidence that brushed over me and made me feel different . 
 i took a deep breath and let it out slowly as i allowed her enthusiasm and congeniality to wash over me and make me feel at ease . 
 listening to her chatter , i actually looked forward to spending time with her . 
 sylvie was the best friend who would always be there for me , and i usually loved her company , but at the moment , i welcomed the break . 
 sylvie was , simply put , a bit too much at the moment , with her constant probing and need for assurance that i was okay , especially when things could n't have been further from the truth . 
 thalia made conversation simple , and she had an easygoing attitude . 
 she did n't really know me , so she did n't try see through the facade behind which i was hiding . 
 `` how was your night with your special stranger ? '' 
 she asked when we stopped to wait for a light to turn green . 
 her face turned briefly to regard me while her fingers kept tapping on the steering wheel to the music playing on the radio . 
 `` it was okay , i guess . '' 
 i kept my voice light as my mind searched through all the possible answers i could give . 
 `` he was nice and took me home , and that was about it . '' 
 `` nothing happened ? '' 
 she turned her head to me . 
 `` not even a kiss ? '' 
 her surprise reflected in the soft line on her forehead , but her tone remained unchanged . 
 she had no reason to doubt me , so lying to her came easy . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i kept feeling sick . 
 guess i had too much of gina 's favorite cocktail . '' 
 at least the first part was true . 
 now was the time to ask about gina , but for some reason i could n't . 
 thalia had been such a good friend and she had helped me get a job . 
 i could n't afford to piss her off by accusing her friend of spiking my drink . 
 what if hers had been spiked , too , and she knew about it all along ? 
 instead of bringing that up , i recounted my interview with grayson and his request that i posed nude . 
 `` where do you get your confidence from ? '' 
 i asked when the lights changed and she hit the accelerator . 
 `` it 's really about doing what you believe in , '' thalia said . 
 `` for me , confidence does n't come with natural beauty . 
 you can be beautiful but still not feel sexy and , hence , have no confidence . 
 confidence comes when you feel good about yourself and whatever you 're doing . 
 for me , that 's when my hair 's curled and i wear red , waterproof lipstick . '' 
 she turned briefly to me and laughed out loud . 
 `` your problem is n't that you are n't confident or sexy , jenna . 
 your problem is that you try too hard to be like others . 
 when you blend in , you become one of many and so you do n't allow yourself to be unique . 
 maybe you should care less about what people say and do , and focus more on becoming the real you . '' 
 she grimaced and changed the radio station until she was happy with the music . 
 her fingers began to tap to the new rhythm almost instantly , and then she continued , `` it 's the only way you should be : simply you . 
 knowing that there 's just one of you in the world , you should be proud of posing nude . 
 naturally , me being me is what gives me confidence . '' 
 the car slowed as we took a narrow left turn , and then thalia hit the accelerator with so much force i held onto my seat for support . 
 i swallowed the bile in my throat as i was briefly reminded of jett 's driving . 
 he was a maniac in that department , as in so many others . 
 he lived hard and loved harder . 
 relationships with men like him always come with an expiry date . 
 it was just too bad i had to learn it the hard way . 
 half an hour later , we arrived at grayson 's . 
 thalia locked up the car and we headed up to the studio , which , according to thalia , had been rented out for a gallery event for the night . 
 the guests had n't arrived yet , which left us enough time to look around and get changed on time . 
 the bare walls of the studio had been transformed . 
 paintings and pictures in black and green hung on the walls , and tables with champagne and delicious appetizers lined the far left side , near the tall windows . 
 i had been assured that the job would be simple . 
 gina , thalia and i were instructed to dress up , then pose behind a glass wall like mannequins , and the rest of the girls had to talk and entertain guests . 
 i did n't mind that my green lace dress was so short that others could see all the way up to alaska . 
 i also did n't mind that grayson expected me to sit still on a plush chair , with my legs on each side , so they would look longer . 
 he had come up with the idea to cover up the fact that i was shorter than the other girls . 
 wearing thalia 's black , china-doll wig , i did as instructed , keeping perfectly still . 
 all my emotions-the good , the bad , and the worse-were hidden behind the glass , even though i felt like a mammoth stuffed in a glass house inside a museum . 
 by the time drinks were served , all the other models had arrived , buzzing around with excitement at the prospect of meeting new clients . 
 all but gina . 
 i scanned the room , taking in the changes in the interior design and the unfamiliar faces , but there was no sign of her . 
 `` where 's gina ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i 've no idea , '' thalia said , glancing at her watch . 
 `` she 's probably running late . 
 it would n't be her first time . '' 
 as it turned out , gina did n't arrive later either . 
 a half-hour into the event , a girl with blonde curls , looking like the youngest of them all , joined us as gina 's replacement . 
 i shot thalia a questioning look , but there was no time for an introduction , because the actual event had started and guests were piling in . 
 chapter 19 the gallery quickly filled with people . 
 with constant new arrivals and free-flowing champagne , laughter and chatter echoed through the open space . 
 i had never before attended a gallery event , so i had always assumed it would be a boring , apathetic experience-certainly not something full of vibrancy and life . 
 from my heightened position , i stared at the guests , who were far less interested in the frames hanging on the walls than in socializing with the other visitors . 
 only a few turned their head toward the models standing behind the glass wall , paying any attention to our perfected poses . 
 most seemed taken in by the generous buffet , and that did n't surprise me ; it looked so delicious that my stomach growled . 
 half an hour turned into an hour , then two . 
 at some point , my arms felt numb , and my smile had frozen on my lips . 
 `` my arm 's cramping , '' the blonde next to me mumbled , keeping her face rigid . 
 `` on top of that , i can barely feel my legs . 
 no wonder sarah and gina quit on grayson . 
 i would n't bother to show up either . '' 
 thalia suppressed a laugh , and i could certainly understand why . 
 the blonde girl was standing , with one leg hovering over a chair , the other on the floor . 
 her legs were slightly trembling , and her forehead was glistening from the effort to stay impassive . 
 i figured i had drawn the lucky straw , because i had the luxury of sitting . 
 for a moment , there was silence , as a group of people passed us by , their gazes glued on us before they moved on to the next distraction . 
 the instant they were gone , the blonde let out an annoyed breath . 
 `` he is n't usually that moody either , '' she said . 
 `` what 's up with him ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 thalia asked . 
 the blonde inclined her head toward the arched doorway . 
 i followed her line of vision and glimpsed grayson standing next to the ugly mandrake , talking with one of his male guests , caught in some sort of disagreement , from the looks of it . 
 his forehead was creased with either worry or annoyance , as he shook his head vehemently . 
 we watched their heated discussion in silence . 
 `` i tell you he 's g * y , '' the blonde said , resuming her chatter . 
 `` who ? '' 
 thalia asked . 
 `` grayson . '' 
 `` beth , you do n't know that . 
 you ca n't say that just because you 've never seen him with a woman . 
 maybe he likes to keep his private life ... private . '' 
 `` that 's my point exactly . 
 i 've never heard about him dating anyone , '' beth said . 
 `` i always see him hanging around with guys , and i say that makes him g * y. '' thalia rolled her eyes . 
 `` you have no clue what you 're talking about . '' 
 `` fill us in then , '' beth challenged . 
 `` you 're into women , so maybe you should have a little chat with him . 
 you know him better than anybody here . 
 maybe you can help him find his way out of the closet . '' 
 i stared at beth in disbelief . 
 not that it mattered , but thalia and grayson were g * y ? 
 `` shut up , '' thalia snapped . 
 `` just because i 've known him longer than anyone else here does n't mean we discuss personal stuff . '' 
 with an annoyed sigh , she turned her head to me . 
 `` do n't mind her , '' she whispered . 
 `` she 's still upset that grayson ignored her advances when she asked him out . 
 in her book that can only mean he 's playing for the other league . '' 
 `` that 's so last year , '' beth muttered . 
 i stared at my employer , realizing i knew neither him nor thalia particularly well . 
 the day before , he had seemed quiet and reserved . 
 now , while he still looked impassive , there was a certain nervousness about him . 
 he and his guest were so engrossed in whatever they were talking about that the entire room seemed to have dissolved into thin air around them . 
 whatever his sexual orientation was , he struck me as a strange man . 
 i remembered the way our hands had touched . 
 maybe it had been a means to get my attention , but it certainly had n't felt g * y to me . 
 but who knew ? 
 i was n't an expert on the topic just because i had a few g * y friends . 
 `` maybe this guy had the guts to tell grayson that his mandrake is ugly , and now they 're arguing about art , '' i suggested by ways of trying to inject a little humor into the situation and change the subject . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 beth laughed . 
 `` that would land him in the lions ' den real quick . 
 grayson loves that ghastly thing . '' 
 we fell silent again , and the seconds seemed to stretch on forever . 
 at some point , beth let out another frustrated sigh and eventually began to stretch . 
 `` i need a smoke . 
 if grayson asks , tell him i had to pee . '' 
 the moment she was gone , i turned to thalia and shot her a smile . 
 `` you 're not going to avoid me now , are you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i stared at her , unsure where she was heading . 
 `` why would i do that ? '' 
 she shrugged , as though it did n't matter , but the fleeting look in her eyes spoke volumes . 
 `` tell me you 're not one of those people who 'll judge me or change your opinion of me just because i 'm ... different . 
 a girl who used to work here had a huge problem with it . '' 
 i caught a strange expression on her face . 
 it was a mixture of probing and hesitation , as if she was challenging me , testing me even . 
 i realized there was more to the story , but i decided it best not to press the issue . 
 i laughed . 
 `` i 'm surprised , that 's all , and that 's understandable , considering that we hit a straight bar yesterday , and you kept talking about the perfect guy . '' 
 `` most people assume that about me , like many other things . 
 the moment they find out the truth , their whole attitude changes , and i become someone else in their eyes . 
 take my parents , for example . '' 
 thalia grimaced , and her eyes darkened with something . 
 it was n't anger , more like disappointment or frustration . 
 she looked so fragile i felt sorry for her . 
 in some way , i knew what it meant to be judged and compartmentalized . 
 `` you do n't have to worry about me . '' 
 i shrugged and left the rest unspoken . 
 whatever she was or was n't , it made no difference to the fact that i saw her as a friend . 
 `` so it 's true that you 're into women ? '' 
 i forced myself to speak the obvious , so we could move past the awkwardness of the situation . 
 `` yeah , but only when i have sex . '' 
 narrowing her eyes , she tilted her head to one side . 
 `` we should hook up , you know-just you and me . 
 i know a really nice bar , '' she whispered . 
 my cheeks began to burn at the insinuation . 
 thalia leaned back and smiled . 
 `` i 'm joking , jenna . '' 
 she let out another infectious laugh . 
 `` you should have seen your face just now . 
 priceless . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i mumbled . 
 `` you almost got me . '' 
 `` contrary to popular belief , we do n't hit on every woman we meet , '' she explained . 
 `` i 've been in a relationship with the same person for years , and we 're still going strong . '' 
 `` you 're lucky then . '' 
 i could n't hide the bitter tone in my voice as i thought of jett . 
 `` at times , i 've wished to be g * y , because it looks so easy . 
 you do n't seem to have all the heartbreak that comes with relationships . '' 
 she grimaced again . 
 `` trust me , there 's as much of that going on as in every other relationship . 
 in life there might be rules . 
 in love there are no exceptions to those rules . 
 no one is spared from heartbreak . 
 we all suffer it at some point or another . 
 you simply ca n't control who you love and in particular , you ca n't control what kind of person they are . '' 
 `` that 's so true . '' 
 i nodded in agreement , then cocked my head in curiosity . 
 `` how do you know i 'm straight ? 
 i could be ... anything , '' i asked intrigued that she could tell without really knowing me . 
 after just one glance , she seemed to have me figured out . 
 was i that open a book ? 
 `` i 'll be honest with you , '' she started . 
 `` when i saw you with your blonde friend , i was n't sure . 
 but by the time i picked you up from the park and grayson wanted to talk about your work contract and his second thoughts , i suspected . 
 i knew for sure at the club , when you started talking about your ex . '' 
 what second thoughts ? 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 what did grayson say ? '' 
 my glance swept over him anxiously . 
 he was still talking with the man . 
 even though he was n't looking at us , for some reason i felt as though his attention was shifting . 
 `` only that he could hire you for five weeks , until you 're starting to show , '' thalia said . 
 my head snapped back in her direction , and my jaw dropped . 
 `` grayson knows ? '' 
 thalia must have caught the shock in my voice , because she burst out in laughter . 
 `` of course he knows you 're pregnant . '' 
 she nodded mysteriously . 
 `` he 's been working with women for years-not just models , but real women . 
 men like him are very perceptive . '' 
 i wondered what she meant by that but did n't ask . 
 `` no worries . 
 i wo n't tell anyone or put you in an awkward position . 
 as i said , i 'm good at keeping secrets . '' 
 she winked at me . 
 `` like ... i did n't tell gina you were ordering soft drinks the entire night . '' 
 `` i did n't think it was that obvious . '' 
 i joined in her laughter . 
 now was the perfect time to ask about the drinks gina bought . 
 just as i opened my mouth , thalia shushed me . 
 `` look out . 
 he 's coming over . '' 
 chapter 20 shortly after grayson joined our little group , the show ended , and people began to flood out the door . 
 judging from their facial expressions , some were n't pleased , if not outraged , and the way grayson was acting , it almost looked like he might have actually kicked them out . 
 i faintly remembered thalia telling me that we were being paid for the night , so i 'd been certain that the gallery event would take longer than two hours . 
 it made no sense that grayson had shooed his clients out so early . 
 something was wrong . 
 i could feel it . 
 i just could n't pinpoint what it was . 
 eventually , grayson locked up and waved us over to the sitting area . 
 we gathered around him in a semicircle . 
 it was so quiet i would n't have been surprised to hear a needle hit the floor if it dropped . 
 `` i closed the event early with good reason , '' grayson said , his gaze sweeping over the inquiring faces around him . 
 `` there has been an accident , and with a heavy heart ... '' he paused , and for a second , i thought i heard a soft tremor in his voice . '' 
 - i deeply regret to inform you that gina died earlier this morning . '' 
 shock and murmur traveled through the crowd . 
 my jaw dropped , and i clasped my hand over my mouth in disbelief . 
 to my right , someone whimpered and began to sob . 
 `` oh , my god , '' thalia whispered . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 beth asked . 
 grayson linked his fingers together behind his back . 
 his lips were drawn in a tight line , and his shoulders slumped ; i almost feared his next words . 
 `` she was found on a street , stabbed , with her throat cut open , '' he said quietly . 
 `` the police have declared it murder . '' 
 the image of gina lying on the street sent goosebumps up my spine . 
 `` they think she was mugged for her handbag , because it was n't at the crime scene when they found her at five a.m. '' `` where was she found ? '' 
 i did n't know why i asked the question when it did n't really matter . 
 everyone 's head snapped in my direction . 
 it took me every ounce of my willpower not to react when grayson communicated the name of the street we had visited the day before . 
 `` she was attacked in a back alley , behind the la rue bar . 
 a bouncer found her body hidden behind a dumpster . '' 
 another wave of shock echoed through the room , and the chatter began : gossip , i assumed . 
 as usual , everyone had their own theory about the tragedy . 
 as for me , my head began to spin . 
 `` i ca n't believe she 's dead , '' thalia whispered to me . 
 we were standing behind everyone else , with our backs to the wall . 
 `` who would kill her and leave her lying around like trash ? 
 she was the nicest person i 've ever known . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe it either . '' 
 `` and to think , we used to date before i met my current girlfriend . '' 
 she shook her head in disbelief , and a tear ran down her cheek . 
 i turned to face her . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i had no idea . '' 
 `` no one did . '' 
 thalia shrugged and wiped a hand over her tear-stained face . 
 i hugged her , because i could n't stand seeing her in pain . 
 it was always sad when someone died . 
 as short as my meeting with gina had been , and in spite of the questionable drinks , i had still liked her as a person . 
 her death was such a tragedy , and it had come out of the blue . 
 it felt surreal to know we had seen her less than twenty-four hours ago ; my memories of the redhead were still fresh in my mind . 
 `` she must have gone back to the la rue bar , '' thalia whispered . 
 my attention snapped in her direction . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 why would she do that ? '' 
 `` after you hooked up with that guy , gina and i had one more drink together . 
 i got a headache and called it a day , but she decided to stay , so i left , figuring she 'd be all right , '' she said , barely able hide her remorse . 
 `` i should have stayed . 
 maybe this would n't have happened . 
 maybe she 'd still be alive . '' 
 or maybe they 'd both be dead . 
 `` did she meet anyone else ? '' 
 i asked , keeping my true thoughts to myself . 
 but thalia did n't hear me anymore ; she simply walked away mumbling , `` i have to tell him . '' 
 i followed her and stopped a step behind , listening to her conversation with grayson . 
 `` jenna , gina and i visited the la rue bar yesterday , '' she said . 
 silence fell over the room as everyone turned to look at her . 
 `` we had a few drinks together before we moved on to the hush hush club . 
 that was the last place we saw her . '' 
 grayson 's face remained an impenetrable mask . 
 `` just the three of you ? '' 
 he asked , and thalia nodded . 
 his forehead creased into a frown as his gaze swept over the shocked faces around him , then settled on thalia 's again . 
 finally , he turned . 
 following his line of vision , i realized the guy he had been talking to before had n't left with the rest of the guests . 
 he was standing in the background , near the wall , hidden in the shadows , observing us all along . 
 i frowned . 
 `` i 'd like to introduce you to detective barrow , '' grayson said grimly . 
 `` he 's leading the investigation . '' 
 as the man stepped forward , my heart spluttered in my chest and skipped a beat . 
 oh , my god . 
 oh . 
 my . 
 god . 
 it was in that instant that i recognized him as the guy from the hotel . 
 the guy with the newspaper . 
 the guy who had glanced at me . 
 my breath remained trapped in my throat , and my knees began to shake , threatening to buckle beneath me . 
 what was he doing here ? 
 `` i 'm afraid i 'll have to keep you girls a little longer , '' i heard grayson say . 
 `` detective barrow will want to ask each of you a few questions , but no worries . 
 in spite of the disruption in our work schedule , you 'll still be paid your usual fee for the night . 
 feel free to leave after the detective 's done with you . 
 any questions ? '' 
 i shook my head , but not because i did n't have any questions . 
 my heart pounded in my chest , and my blood rushed hard as i stared at the man from the hotel , my mind circling around one single thought . 
 what are the odds ? 
 the end 
