 chapter 1 present day birds chirped outside my window , waking me in true princess fashion . 
 unfortunately for me , it meant they had interrupted a wonderful dream . 
 tony was in my dreams . 
 my handsome , charming , and wonderful tony . 
 recently , i had been dreaming of him almost nightly . 
 i could n't seem to get him out of my mind . 
 i stretched my hands over my head and groaned , wishing the birds would just shut up . 
 there was no prince charming for me ; there had been , but he was gone . 
 if looks could kill , those birds would be on a platter with gravy . 
 today was my day off . 
 i had planned on sleeping in , but i had accidentally left the curtains open , just a sliver , and now the sunshine was directly in my face . 
 add in the noisy birds , and there was no way i was going to be able to fall back asleep . 
 with another groan , i threw back the covers and sat on the edge of the bed . 
 my knees creaked as i stood up . 
 getting old was hard . 
 the wood floor was cold on my bare feet as i shuffled through my studio apartment to the kitchen . 
 i loved this place . 
 i was successful enough to be able to afford a beautiful apartment just outside of la. . 
 it was a big open space with hardwood floors and giant windows that let in the golden california sunshine . 
 once in the kitchen , i pulled out a coffee mug and went to start the coffee pot . 
 `` damn , '' i swore at the mostly empty bag of coffee . 
 `` figures . '' 
 it was an accurate metaphor for my life . 
 great coffee pot , mug ready , ready for coffee , but the joe was gone . 
 the pot and the mug did n't matter much when there was nothing to fill them . 
 my metaphorical coffee was tony , and despite the fact that he had been gone for almost twenty years , i still wanted him . 
 i had tried my best to forget him and move on ; i had dated , even got engaged , but things never seemed to work out . 
 the dates went stale , the men stopped calling back , and even my one-time fiance called it off . 
 despite my best efforts , i had never found another man like tony . 
 at this point in my life , i was pretty sure i never would . 
 i had resigned myself to being the lonely old cat lady . 
 all i needed now were some cats . 
 i put my mug back in the cabinet . 
 i could still salvage the day . 
 there was a coffee shop down the street that made a killer latte . 
 it was n't as convenient as a cup of coffee in my pajamas , but it would get the job done . 
 i exited the kitchen and headed for the closet , stopping on my way to look at my most recent painting project . 
 in college , i had been renowned for my unorthodox pieces , but it was those pieces that had gotten me my internship in hollywood . 
 my painting had landed me a job in set design , and then i made my own artwork on the side . 
 it was my dream job . 
 i loved doing it and i was successful enough that i did n't have to worry about money . 
 the painting in front of me was full of abstract lines in warm browns and earth tones . 
 hints of green and gold shimmered on the edges , reminding me of sunlight flooding a wooded glen . 
 i had been working on this particular piece for months . 
 for some reason , i could n't seem to perfect it . 
 there was something missing in the colors to give it the life i wanted . 
 i just could n't put my finger on it . 
 i sighed and left the painting to go put on clothes . 
 yoga pants and a comfy shirt were almost as good as pajamas . 
 on the counter by the door was the invitation to my friend rachel 's wedding . 
 i still had n't replied to it , but maybe that was what was causing me to dream of tony . 
 i left the rsvp sitting on the counter . 
 it could wait another day . 
 i locked the front door behind me and headed out into the warm sunshine . 
 chapter 2 june 5 , 1990 the first time i saw him , my two roommates and i were sitting out on the beach , enjoying our well-deserved vacation . 
 the three of us had just graduated from college and were `` renting '' my aunt 's condo for the week . 
 we were out on the beach pretending to read , but really we were people-watching . 
 rachel had handed me the sunscreen and requested i keep her from burning . 
 i was now drawing designs in the white goo by connecting freckles on rachel 's back . 
 i loved finding patterns in things and drew every chance i got , even when putting sunscreen on my friend 's back . 
 there was a reason i had loved my time in art school . 
 `` are you painting her back ? '' 
 jenny asked , flipping her brown side-ponytail over her shoulder . 
 she liked to tease me about my proclivity to make art on anything . 
 i deserved it since i had `` modified '' our pancakes that morning to make them prettier . 
 we had to go get breakfast at the local diner because pretty did not equal edible . 
 she was never going to let me live it down . 
 `` just seeing a pattern in her freckles , '' i answered , tracing a perfect circle around her shoulder blade . 
 `` you get me burned with one of your abstract designs , and i will put cockroaches under your pillow , '' rachel threatened , looking back at me over her ray-ban sunglasses . 
 i knew she was just teasing , but i quickly finished rubbing the rest of the sunscreen into her back . 
 `` there , all done , '' i said , adjusting my hat on my head . 
 rachel grinned at me , her black hair gleaming in the sunlight . 
 `` you get any responses on those internships ? '' 
 i asked rachel as i took the sunscreen bottle and put a little bit more on my arms . 
 i had the type of skin that burned just by me thinking about sunshine . 
 `` i talked to my aunt last night , and there have n't been any phone calls , '' she said , trying to hide her disappointment . 
 `` she checked our mail , but all we have is an electric bill . '' 
 `` you 'll hear something soon , '' jenny promised . 
 `` your stuff is good . 
 you know i would n't be able to get dressed without you half the time . '' 
 i snickered quietly . 
 jenny loved anything that had color and did n't seem to understand that striped tiger pants and a neon yellow tank-top should n't be paired together . 
 `` well , at least i 've still got my job at charlie 's , '' rachel replied . 
 she was trying her best to sound upbeat , but i knew she was having a hard time . 
 not having an internship or any job prospects while jenny and i had gotten our dream jobs was hard on her . 
 i smiled gently at her and tried to go back to my book , but i was distracted . 
 three men were standing at the water 's edge , one of them dripping from his swim trunks . 
 they were each different and yet still delicious . 
 there was the wet man with dark hair , a blonde man with muscles that looked like he could throw a horse , and then one with a delectable tan , dark hair and a tattoo . 
 an eagle spread across his perfectly muscled shoulder , something caught in its talons as it screamed in defiance . 
 i realized all three of them had the same tattoo , but it was the one i noticed first that had my attention . 
 tall , with dark hair and perfectly tanned skin , i could n't take my eyes off of him . 
 he was a living , breathing version of my ideal man . 
 i was about to get up and introduce myself , but the three men walked away . 
 i could see jenny 's eyes following them , and i knew she would want to go out looking for them tonight . 
 for once , i was glad she was such a flirt . 
 i needed to find him . 
 *** the bar was called the pirate 's revenge , and it was the biggest bar in town . 
 if i was going to find that man , it would be here . 
 i had dressed in my favorite acid-washed jeans with a form-fitting neon green top . 
 i knew i looked good since my top contrasted nicely with my blonde hair and brought out the green of my eyes . 
 when we stepped inside , i saw him almost immediately . 
 the three men from the beach were leaning against the bar , talking and laughing . 
 the one i had seen earlier was wearing a bright red shirt and jeans that hugged his perfect ass . 
 i could feel myself heating up just looking at him . 
 jenny , ever the bold one , sidled up to the bar , wedging herself between a bar stool and the dark-haired man who had been swimming . 
 `` hey , soldier . '' 
 i cringed a little inwardly . 
 she was too audacious for her own good . 
 the dark-haired man looked her up and down , but my eyes were on redshirt . 
 `` hey , yourself , '' the dark-haired man answered . 
 he set down his drink . 
 `` can i buy you a drink ? '' 
 jenny asked . 
 i wondered how she could be so brazen , but guys always seemed to like her . 
 i was way too shy to ever do what she did . 
 `` of course . '' 
 the man smiled . 
 `` whiskeys all around , then . '' 
 `` i 'll take one too , '' rachel chimed in . 
 the light in her eyes was focused entirely on the dark-haired man . 
 i hoped she and jenny were n't going to fight over him . 
 `` what are we toasting to ? '' 
 the blonde asked , raising his glass . 
 `` to meeting new friends , '' jenny shouted and downed her drink . 
 i looked at my shot of whiskey and tried my best not to gag too much as i shot the burning liquid into my stomach . 
 `` i 'm jenny . 
 this is rachel , and that 's kimberly . '' 
 jenny nodded at each of us . 
 `` i 'm dean , '' the dark-haired man said , smiling at rachel . 
 `` i 'm matt , '' the blonde spoke up , `` and this here 's anthony . '' 
 anthony . 
 i even loved his name . 
 `` call me tony , '' he said . 
 our eyes met , and he smiled . 
 his eyes were brown and warm , like hot chocolate and sunshine . 
 there was a charm to his smile that drew me in and made me never want to leave him . 
 jenny continued to flirt with dean and matt , but i only had eyes for tony . 
 tony held out his hand , and i took it , following him to a booth . 
 i did n't care what jenny , rachel , or the other two men were doing . 
 i would have run off into the sunset with tony in an instant . 
 `` kimberly , right ? '' 
 he asked as we sat down . 
 i nodded . 
 `` i 've always liked that name . 
 was it you i saw earlier on the beach ? 
 with the hat ? '' 
 i nodded again . 
 `` i did n't think you had seen me . '' 
 `` how could i have missed the prettiest girl on the beach ? '' 
 he sipped on his drink , pretending that he had n't just given me a compliment . 
 i felt my cheeks paint themselves with blush . 
 `` now i 'm really glad i found you here tonight , '' i said honestly . 
 i could feel my heart pounding in my chest . 
 i had never felt this level of attraction to someone so early on . 
 i could barely believe how much i already loved just looking at him . 
 how much i wanted him to touch me . 
 how much i wanted him . 
 it was intoxicating and almost frightening . 
 `` i actually only came because i thought you might be here . 
 i 'm not usually big on bars , '' he admitted . 
 i laughed . 
 `` me neither . 
 i 'm not really a big partier . '' 
 `` you want to get out of here ? '' 
 he asked suddenly . 
 he raised his eyebrows , inclining his head toward the door . 
 i would have followed him anywhere , and the idea both excited and scared me a little . 
 jenny was always accusing me of being too trusting , but i could n't help it with tony . 
 it was like i had found a piece of myself i had n't even known was missing until he spoke to me . 
 now i could n't imagine not at least following him out of the bar . 
 `` yeah . 
 let 's get out of here , '' i said with a grin . 
 i looked over to see jenny hanging on matt while dean and rachel flirted at the bar . 
 i did n't even care if the other girls saw me leave with him . 
 tony 's face lit up . 
 it had been less than two minutes , and i already felt like i was head over heels in love . 
 we stepped out into the humid darkness , our ears still ringing from the music in the bar . 
 everything sounded muffled . 
 tony shook his head as if he were trying to rattle his hearing loose , and pointed toward the beach . 
 `` you want to walk on the beach ? '' 
 i nodded and we headed in the direction of the water . 
 we walked side by side , our hands almost brushing but not quite . 
 every time they came close , i could feel electricity prickle my skin . 
 i wanted to touch him so badly it almost hurt . 
 i did n't want to appear too forward and scare him off , so i just let my hand hang to my side , waiting for our fingers to brush one another . 
 the night was beautiful . 
 i could n't have imagined a more romantic setting if i had tried . 
 moonlight glinted off the waves , turning each ripple into a magic mirror of the sky . 
 a warm breeze ruffled my hair and filled the air with the smell of saltwater . 
 throw in the most handsome man i had ever met walking beside me , and i was fairly sure i was dreaming . 
 we stepped onto the sand , and i took my shoes off , carrying them in the hand that was n't close to tony . 
 the tide was going out , leaving us a space to walk . 
 the warm , dry sand changed to cool firmness as we moved closer to the waves . 
 `` where are you staying ? '' 
 i asked , speaking now that my hearing had finally returned to normal . 
 `` my aunt has a place just up the beach from here , '' he answered , his gaze flitting toward a spot ahead of us where the house would be . 
 `` that 's funny , '' i said with a nervous giggle . 
 i was n't sure how he managed to make me feel giddy just walking next to him , but my mind could n't seem to focus on anything except how close his hand was to mine . 
 `` i 'm staying at my aunt 's place , too ! '' 
 `` this must be the beach for aunts , '' tony replied , the grin on his face evident in his voice . 
 `` i wonder if they know one another . '' 
 `` would n't that be a funny , small-world story ? '' 
 i tucked a strand of hair behind my ear . 
 i sounded so boring to myself , but my brain was n't functioning well enough to come up with something more clever . 
 i could feel the heat of his hand just inches from mine . 
 `` so , '' he said , clearing his throat . 
 i wondered if he was as suddenly nervous as i was . 
 `` you 're staying at your aunt 's place . 
 this just a vacation for you girls ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i answered , nodding . 
 `` we just graduated from college and we needed a way to celebrate . 
 my aunt is renting the place to us for basically nothing , and we all pitched in on gas . '' 
 i was rambling , but i could n't help it . 
 it was just so hard to think of anything besides how close he was to me . 
 how much i would like to kiss those perfectly-shaped lips . 
 how much i would like to trace his tattooed shoulder with my fingers . 
 `` so far it 's been very relaxing and wonderful , '' i summarized . 
 `` what about you ? 
 vacation ? 
 visiting your aunt ? '' 
 his hand brushed mine , his heat searing straight into my soul . 
 instead of pulling away , he took my hand in his , finally putting an end to my agony . 
 his hand was warm and strong around mine . 
 `` i used to spend summers here with my aunt when i was a kid , '' he answered smoothly , as if nothing had happened and he was n't holding my hand . 
 `` her house is my favorite place in the world . 
 she 's up in new york until july , so she 's letting us stay here . '' 
 `` any reason for the vacation ? '' 
 i loved the sound of his voice . 
 it was smooth and low and incredibly sexy . 
 especially while walking hand in hand on a moonlit beach . 
 `` the three of us are on leave . '' 
 he shrugged , tugging my hand gently upward with the motion . 
 `` this was the perfect spot to catch some randr before our next mission . '' 
 the military terms , the eagle tattoo , and the response to jenny 's `` soldiers '' greeting confirmed it for me . 
 `` what branch of the military are you in ? '' 
 he laughed , the rich sound mingling with the deep night air . 
 `` i guess i gave myself away . 
 so much for appearing mysterious . '' 
 he turned and smiled at me , his dark eyes catching the moonlight . 
 `` army . '' 
 `` i 've always liked those uniforms , '' i confessed . 
 `` the dress greens are especially nice . '' 
 `` if i had known that , i would have brought them for you , '' he replied , responding as if we had known we were going to meet tonight . 
 `` this may sound strange , '' i said before i could think of the consequences , `` but i feel as though i 've known you forever . 
 i mean , i know it 's only been , what , fifteen minutes ? 
 but ... '' i fell silent . 
 jenny was always telling me i was too artsy and into feelings for my own good . 
 `` no , it 's not just you , '' he said quietly . 
 `` i feel the same . '' 
 my heart jumped . 
 i looked down at my feet and smiled . 
 he felt the same ! 
 `` this is my place , '' he said , stopping at the back porch of a big , beautiful beach house . 
 it was easily worth a million dollars . 
 he dropped my hand and hopped up the back porch steps . 
 `` whoa . '' 
 my eyes widened a little . 
 `` i 'm going to guess our aunts do not run in the same social circles . 
 our condo is about a mile inland and not nearly this big . '' 
 `` would you like a tour ? '' 
 he grinned and offered me his hand . 
 i took it and stepped up on the wooden porch . 
 `` i would love one . '' 
 i beamed at him . 
 he went to the door and twisted the knob . 
 nothing happened . 
 `` well , this is embarrassing , '' he said , turning around with a sheepish look on his face . 
 `` matt has the house keys . '' 
 `` the blonde guy back at the bar , right ? '' 
 i asked . 
 tony nodded and tried the door one more time . 
 i bit my lip . 
 i did n't want to be too bold , but i did n't want to go back to the bar , and i most certainly did not want the night to end yet . 
 i smiled wryly . 
 `` if your friends do as well as you have , that would mean that they 're all going to come back here . 
 we can have my place all to ourselves . '' 
 i was surprised at how easy the words came out . 
 i was n't the hop-in-the-sack-with-anyone kind of girl . 
 i had one serious boyfriend since high school , and i was very selective when it came to choosing a partner . 
 i always had to feel a serious connection with them . 
 but there was just something about tony that did that for me . 
 something that made me trust him , want him , instinctively . 
 i had n't been kidding when i said i felt like i had known him forever . 
 i would n't have been surprised if i had been able to list off his favorite color , music , and foods without ever having heard them . 
 being near him just felt right . 
 he turned to me and smiled . 
 god , i already loved that smile . 
 `` okay , '' tony said . 
 he offered me his arm , and together we walked down the street , arm in arm like royalty . 
 i was just glad i got to touch him . 
 `` so what do you do in the army ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i felt a little silly , but i wanted to know everything about him . 
 i wanted to stay up all night learning everything there was to no about him . 
 `` lots of things . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` our team specializes in protecting things . '' 
 `` you protect things ? 
 then i feel very safe . '' 
 i stepped closer to him , hugging his arm . 
 `` you know , because this is a very dangerous neighborhood and all . '' 
 tony glanced around at the bright streetlights , the well manicured lawns , and nice cars sitting in driveways . 
 several homes even had their windows open on the ground floor . 
 `` do n't you worry , ma'am . 
 no one will harm a hair on your head , '' he promised gravely , puffing his chest out and frowning at a sinister-looking bush . 
 `` what about you ? 
 you said you 're a student ? '' 
 `` i just graduated with my degree in art . '' 
 i loved the way his arm felt under mine . 
 he was strong . 
 `` i 'm supposed to go to la when we get back and intern with a film company . 
 i 'm going to help make movie sets . 
 it 's what i 've always wanted to do . '' 
 `` any plans to become an actress ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i laughed . 
 `` actress ? 
 me ? '' 
 i shook my head fervently . 
 `` no . 
 besides a complete inability to act , i 'm not exactly what hollywood actresses look like . '' 
 `` bullshit . '' 
 i turned to look at him , surprised at the sudden language . 
 `` you 're gorgeous , '' he explained . 
 he dropped my arm and stepped back , looking me up and down . 
 appraising me . 
 i blushed , knowing his eyes were undressing me . 
 i was pale , heavier than i wanted to be , and yet thin in my arms . 
 my friends always said i was petite and tiny , but i never felt that way . 
 i had never seen myself as beautiful . 
 my best feature was my hair , but i was far from gorgeous . 
 his face said he was n't lying , though . 
 i did n't know what to do with him looking at me like this , so i tucked my hands in my pockets and blushed . 
 `` pose for me , '' he commanded , frowning at my hands hiding in my jeans . 
 `` like an actress would . '' 
 my blush deepened , but i struck my best model pose , throwing one hand up in the air and thrusting out a hip . 
 he brought his hands up like he was holding a camera and took an imaginary picture . 
 `` yup , '' he said nodding at the invisible camera shot . 
 `` gorgeous . 
 you 'd take them all by storm . '' 
 i dropped my arms and glared at him . 
 `` you have a silver tongue , sir , '' i teased him . 
 `` so i 've been told , '' he said nonchalantly and gave a self-deprecating laugh . 
 `` well , not really , but i like to think so . '' 
 his almost shy smile took hold of my heart as he offered me his arm again and we continued to walk toward the condo . 
 `` so what do you think dean and matt 's chances are with your friends ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i frowned , pulling back slightly . 
 he smiled reassuringly at me . 
 `` i mean , i just want to know so i can buy them the appropriate ice cream when they get their hearts dashed to pieces . '' 
 the idea of the big , muscled matt crying into a container of ice cream was rather amusing . 
 it was n't something i could ever see happening . 
 `` well , jenny will go home with any guy who smiles and buys her a drink . 
 , '' i answered honestly . 
 `` rachel 's fairly picky , but that dean guy looks like just her type . 
 she has a thing for blue eyes . '' 
 `` so , dean has a shot with rachel . 
 that 's good . 
 he liked her , and matt ... '' `` matt has a sure thing with jenny , '' i interrupted . 
 he raised his eyebrows at me . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i love my friends , but i do know their habits . '' 
 i pulled out the keys from my pocket as we approached the front door of the condo . 
 it looked small after the luxury of tony 's aunt 's palace , but it was cozy and i liked it . 
 `` what about me ? '' 
 tony asked , leaning against the door frame as i unlocked the door and pushed it open . 
 `` what are my chances ? '' 
 `` play your cards right , and you 'll see , '' i teased . 
 grinning at him . 
 the guy was two steps from being inside my condo . 
 he pretty much had a sure thing as well . 
 `` you mean like this ? '' 
 he caught my arm , pulling me back onto the porch in a spin that landed me in his arms . 
 he then palmed the back of my neck and pulled me into him , connecting our mouths in a kiss that took my breath away . 
 his tongue traced the curve of my lips , begging for entry . 
 i opened my mouth and let him kiss me more deeply , and holy cow , did he rock my world . 
 the man could kiss . 
 i hooked my fingers in the belt loops of his jeans , pressing myself into him . 
 my world was spinning out of control with that perfect kiss , and he was the only solid thing i had to hold on to . 
 he slowly released me from his kiss , leaving me gasping for more . 
 `` you 're definitely on the right track , '' i whispered . 
 he grinned , illuminating the night with his beaming smile . 
 i stepped into the condo , my heart fluttering in my chest , glad that he was right behind me . 
 this was going to be the best night of my vacation . 
 chapter 3 present day there was a small grocery store on the corner of the street by my apartment on my way to the coffee shop . 
 i stood in front of it for a good minute , trying to decide if i should buy some coffee for tomorrow now , or on my way back . 
 i decided on `` now '' because on my way back , i would have my hands full of delicious mocha latte . 
 `` hi , kim , '' a happy voice greeted me from across the quiet store . 
 penny , one of the employees waved at me . 
 she was a cute , little college student that had worked in the store for the past few years . 
 since it was the only place i shopped , the two of us had become casual friends . 
 i waved back and headed in her direction . 
 she was restocking the coffee . 
 `` anything new i should try ? '' 
 i asked , trying to start a conversation . 
 i thought that maybe a little human contact might make me feel better . 
 less lost in the world . 
 `` nah , just same old same old , '' she said with a shrug . 
 `` well , unless you count this as new ... '' she thrust out her left hand . 
 a small , sparkly diamond glittered on her ring finger . 
 `` it 's beautiful , '' i said , taking her hand and peering at the stone . 
 i hoped i sounded excited , because i certainly did n't feel it . 
 it was n't that i was n't happy for her , i really was , but someone else 's wedding was the last thing i wanted to think about with tony on my mind . 
 `` it was jeremy 's grandmother 's , '' she cooed , grinning at the ring . 
 `` he proposed last night . 
 it was super romantic . '' 
 `` that 's wonderful ! '' 
 i let go of her ring and forced my face into a happy smile . 
 i really was happy for her , just jealous . 
 incredibly jealous . 
 `` i thought we were going out because he just got this big promotion . 
 he got a dozen red roses , because they 're my favorite , and made reservations at le chez ... '' penny continued , launching into a complete retelling of the entire night . 
 i stood there , nodding and making the appropriate noises , but my heart was n't in it . 
 sweet little penny was getting everything i had wanted in life . 
 `` and then , my mom and dad showed up and i knew something was going on ... '' my family was gone . 
 i did n't have any siblings , and all my older relatives had died off as the years passed . 
 since i had never married , i did n't have any other family . 
 i had some good work friends , but many of them had their own families . 
 i spent most of my evenings alone . 
 as penny gave every wonderful detail of the proposal , i could n't help but compare our two lives . 
 i felt i was coming up short . 
 she was telling me all the things i had dreamed of having , but never would . 
 `` the whole restaurant was full of our friends and family , and he just stood up in front of all of them to propose . 
 it was so sweet of him to think of all of it , '' penny finished . 
 she had a happy , wistful look on her face . 
 i could see wedding dresses and flowers already floating through her mind . 
 `` i 'm so happy for you , penny . '' 
 i picked out a bag of coffee and held it in the crook of my arm . 
 `` congratulations . '' 
 `` thank you ! 
 i think we 're going to have a june wedding . 
 my niece will be just old enough to be the flower girl . 
 i 'll be sure to get you an invitation ! '' 
 `` that is incredibly kind of you , thank you . 
 i wish you all the best , '' i said , my voice cracking a little at the end . 
 penny was a sweet girl . 
 i had even met her jeremy once or twice , and the two of them seemed incredibly in love ; it was my own lack of love and future that pained me . 
 penny had nowhere to go but up , and i had nowhere but down . 
 i did n't want to hear any more of her perfect life . 
 i was envious enough as it was . 
 `` we 'll have dancing , so be sure to bring a date , '' penny added . 
 i managed a smile and a nod . 
 i knew i would n't have a date . 
 i could try , but i knew my heart would n't be in it . 
 if my dreams of tony recently were any indication , my heart had been given away a long time ago . 
 `` congratulations again , penny , '' i said , patting her shoulder and then bolting to the checkout line . 
 i just wanted to get home and put my coffee away . 
 i thought about just staying in , making the coffee in my single-serve pot , but the idea of a specialty coffee with whipped cream sounded so much better . 
 i needed the treat . 
 i needed something to look forward to , even if it was just a cup of coffee . 
 i handed my bag of coffee to the cashier and tried not to think about the fact that my life 's greatest pleasure was a cup of coffee . 
 chapter 4 june 7th , 1990 i lay awake , nestled in the curve of tony 's shoulder , listening to his steady heartbeat in the early morning . 
 i had been awake for at least half an hour , just listening to him breathe . 
 the sun was still just waking up herself , filling the room with a cold gray light that would soon melt into warmth . 
 i was in love . 
 i knew it already . 
 the feeling filled me from the core of my stomach to the tips of my toes . 
 even my hair felt in love . 
 i had never met anyone like tony . 
 he thought i was beautiful , smart , and so sexy . 
 he could barely keep his hands off me . 
 in addition , he treated me like a princess . 
 he opened doors and pulled out my chair . 
 i took a deep breath , taking in the smell of his skin . 
 it was warm and had the aroma of sunshine . 
 my hand traced the curve of his pectoral muscle , down the line of his abs , each of them perfectly sculpted and beautiful . 
 he was like a greek statue . 
 i could n't believe that he was here , in my bed . 
 it had to be a dream . 
 there was no way i could fall this head over heels in love with someone i had met just two days before . 
 it was n't logical . 
 it was magical . 
 it was fate . 
 the alarm on the nightstand started to beep , destroying my morning of admiration . 
 tony groaned and opened one eye to glare at the offending clock . 
 his fingers wiggled along the nightstand until he found the `` snooze '' button . 
 with the beeping stopped , he relaxed back into his pillow and i could feel him drifting back to sleep . 
 `` wake up , sleepy head , '' i whispered and kissed his cheek . 
 `` mmmph . '' 
 he scowled a little . 
 `` today is your fun boys ' day , remember ? '' 
 i said gently , still playing with the muscles of his chest and abs . 
 i circled one nipple on his pectoral , letting it harden as i played with it . 
 `` you were looking forward to this . '' 
 `` well , now you 've got me looking forward to something else , '' he mumbled , his voice heavy with sleep but filled with want . 
 i giggled and kissed the soft skin where his shoulder joined his body . 
 he was all muscle with just enough meat on his bones to make him look real . 
 `` just think , motorcycles ... loose women ... money ... '' i shifted my position so i could take his nipple into my mouth , running my tongue along the upright nub . 
 he groaned with pleasure . 
 `` you certainly do make getting up easier . '' 
 i could hear a laugh hiding under his words . 
 it took me a moment to get the dirty joke , but when it hit me , i smacked his chest . 
 he laughed and grabbed my fingers , kissing the tips of each one . 
 i bit my lip . 
 maybe we could get another romp in before ... the alarm clock went off again . 
 he was quicker finding the `` snooze '' button this time since he was actually awake . 
 `` you are going to be late , '' i said , pushing at his ribs to roll him out of bed . 
 despite my best efforts , he did n't even budge . 
 `` what if i would rather spend my day with you ? 
 here in bed ? '' 
 he rolled onto his side and up onto an elbow so he could cradle his head in his hand . 
 it made the muscles of his shoulder and bicep pop out . 
 it was such a tempting offer . 
 `` i think your friends would miss you . '' 
 i tried to keep from drooling while looking at his arms . 
 the idea of having those arms on either side of my head again , his body writhing against mine ... he leaned forward and kissed my forehead . 
 `` i 'll see plenty of them in a week . 
 i only have right now with you . '' 
 my heart melted a little bit . 
 but i knew he had been looking forward to this day for a long time . 
 all three of them had . 
 they had been planning it for weeks . 
 while i loved the idea of getting to spend every second with him , i also did n't want him to flake out on his friends . 
 they technically had dibs on him first . 
 `` you could n't stop talking about how excited you were about this last night , '' i reminded him gently . 
 `` how grateful you were that your old neighbor was letting you borrow the bikes . 
 besides , the guys are going to be here any minute , and you are going to look funny answering the door like that . '' 
 i nodded down to the tent growing in the sheets . 
 he frowned slightly . 
 `` that , '' he said , eyeing the upright bed covering , `` is entirely your fault . '' 
 `` get up , '' i commanded , trying not to giggle . 
 `` yes , ma'am , '' he answered , jumping out of bed . 
 he did n't even bother to try and cover himself as he went around the room picking up his scattered clothing . 
 i sat back and enjoyed the view . 
 the man had an exquisite ass . 
 `` you sure you want me to go ? '' 
 he asked , pulling the shirt down over his head . 
 `` i know the guys would understand ... jim will still give them the bikes , even if i 'm not there ... '' `` go ! '' 
 i told him with a laugh . 
 `` while you three are all off being macho , we girls have plans too . '' 
 a loud knock on the door to the condo announced the arrival of the other two men . 
 i could hear dean shouting , `` frontera ! '' 
 at the front door . 
 tony grinned and hurried over to kiss me one last time . 
 his lips pressed against mine for far too short a time , and he stole a quick kiss on the top of my nose . 
 `` i 'll see you this afternoon . 
 do n't go kissing anybody else , '' he teased . 
 i threw his pillow at him , which he easily dodged , darting out the door and down the stairs to meet his friends . 
 chapter 5 june 7th , 1990 i was n't paying attention to my book . 
 i was n't paying attention to the people walking down the beach or the kids building a sandcastle at the house next door . 
 no , i was intently listening for the roar of a motorcycle coming up the driveway , because that would mean tony was back . 
 rachel turned over on her beach towel , letting the sun tan her back . 
 she and jenny looked perfectly at ease out on the beach . 
 i sat on my towel , watching the waves and listening . 
 i wondered if they were listening too . 
 i heard them . 
 to me , they were like rumbling thunder in the distance . 
 but it got louder , and my heart sped up as the sound of three motorcycle engines revved up to the house . 
 `` they 're here ! '' 
 i practically shouted , throwing my book down on the sand and taking off for the driveway . 
 the speed at which jenny was on my heels told me she was listening for their arrival as well . 
 rachel was the last one to come up to the driveway . 
 jenny ran out into the street and hopped onto the back of matt 's bike , wrapping her arms around his broad chest as he began to drive up and down on the street . 
 tony and dean were showing off for us . 
 the two of them weaved back and forth in an intricate figure-eight that looked deadly . 
 dean motioned with his hand , and they switched from the death defying dance into a tight circle , chasing one another but never going anywhere . 
 their bikes were nearly parallel to the ground , spinning until i was dizzy . 
 tony pulled out of the spin , revving his engine as he drove to where i stood . 
 i had my hands on my face in complete amazement . 
 not only was the guy good-looking and fantastic in bed , but he could ride a bike like he was born on one . 
 `` wan na ride ? '' 
 tony asked , grinning at me . 
 my face hurt i was smiling so hard . 
 i nodded , and he pulled me onto the back of his bike . 
 he revved the engine and took off his helmet , handing it back to me . 
 i kissed his cheek and put it on . 
 he revved the engine again , making me giggle and i held tight to his strong body . 
 rachel seemed hesitant to get on the bike with dean , but she finally did . 
 together the three of us raced up and down the quiet street . 
 i loved how i felt so safe on the back of tony 's motorcycle . 
 i was vibrating with the engine and holding onto tony , pressing myself into him . 
 it was almost as if the three of us-tony , the bike , and i-were one . 
 tony and matt pretended to rush one another , darting to their respective rights at the very last second . 
 i could almost feel the breeze from jenny 's hair . 
 tony turned and together , he and matt revved their engines and rushed toward dean . 
 i knew tony and matt were going to let dean slide through the space between them . 
 it was such a rush . 
 i laughed , throwing my head back in exhilaration . 
 `` let me off ! '' 
 rachel screamed , pounding her hand on dean 's back . 
 he pulled quickly to the side of the road and she threw herself off the bike and into the grass . 
 she fought off the helmet and looked like she was about to be sick . 
 dean hurried to her side with concern in his eyes . 
 matt and tony stopped their daredevil antics and let their bikes idle in the street as we waited . 
 rachel shook her head fervently at something dean said , and he nodded , taking the helmet from her shaking hands . 
 he said something , and she gave him a week smile as he put the helmet back on and got back on his bike . 
 he rode over to where we waited . 
 `` so , rachel 's not feeling up for riding , '' he said as if we had n't been watching . 
 `` i 'm going to put my bike in the garage . 
 will you make sure it gets back to jim ? '' 
 `` of course , '' tony promised . 
 `` you go make sure she 's okay . '' 
 i gave him a silent hug . 
 dean nodded and steered his bike up to the garage of the big beach house . 
 we watched him for a moment as he turned off the engine and started to jog to catch up to rachel . 
 i had n't noticed , but she was almost halfway to the boardwalk . 
 `` few more laps around the neighborhood , and then get some grub ? '' 
 matt asked . 
 jenny peeped over his shoulder like a cheshire cat . 
 tony nodded and revved his engine . 
 i felt the motorcycle vibrate underneath me , sending shivers of excitement up my thighs and pulsing on my nether regions . 
 between the sensation of the bike and being pressed against tony , it would n't be difficult to find ecstasy . 
 tony and matt weaved their motorcycles back and forth across the quiet street , giving us a ride . 
 it was n't near the level of daredevilry as earlier , but it was still fun . 
 the sound of their engines was deafening . 
 i laughed and held onto tony , enjoying every sensation . 
 the sun was warm on my back when we finally pulled into a driveway of a large , gray beach house . 
 an older gentlemen with a shock of white hair came out to greet us . 
 `` tony frontera ! '' 
 the older man said , reaching out to grasp tony 's hand . 
 `` did you boys have fun ? '' 
 `` we had a great time , mr. lee , '' tony answered , shaking his hand . 
 `` they handled like a dream . 
 i really appreciate you letting us use them . 
 we left one in my aunt 's garage , but i can go back and get it for you . '' 
 `` first of all , tony , it 's jim . 
 not mr. lee . '' 
 jim smiled . 
 `` and second , i 'm glad you boys had fun . 
 i was in the service at your age , and i would have loved this . '' 
 `` we really thank you , mr. lee , '' matt said , helping jenny off the bike . 
 jim opened his garage to reveal several rows of motorcycles . 
 it looked like they were his passion . 
 `` i 'll go get that other bike for you , mr. . . 
 jim , '' tony said as he carefully finished putting away his motorcycle . 
 `` do n't worry about it , tony , '' jim said , waving his hand through the air to dismiss the offer . 
 `` i 'll walk back with you and get it myself . 
 been meaning to go out for a ride today anyway . '' 
 jim closed his garage , and the small group of us began the short walk back to tony 's place . 
 matt had his arm looped casually over jenny 's shoulder , and i could see her elbow him in the ribs every time he let his hand fall to touch her breast . 
 in contrast , tony held my hand as we walked , keeping up a conversation with jim . 
 `` so , how long have you known tony , mr. lee ? '' 
 i asked as we walked . 
 jim smiled at me . 
 `` tony used to spend every summer up here at his aunt maria 's house . '' 
 the older man 's eyes lit up in memory . 
 `` i once caught him trying to sneak into my garage when you were what , ten ? '' 
 `` nine . 
 but yeah ... '' tony said sheepishly . 
 `` in my defense , they were really awesome . '' 
 `` i taught him how to drive , '' jim remembered . 
 `` both a motorcycle and a car . 
 your aunt was always glad to have you here . '' 
 `` i was always glad to be here . 
 beat being home . '' 
 tony shrugged . 
 `` well , i enjoyed teaching you , '' mr. lee said . 
 `` and i 'm glad i was able to give you boys a good time while you were home . '' 
 we walked up the long driveway to the beach house , and tony opened the garage for mr. lee . 
 `` thank you again , sir , '' matt said . 
 jenny echoed a similar sentiment . 
 mr. lee nodded to them , and they went inside . 
 mr. lee went to his bike and picked up the helmet dean had left carefully perched on the handlebars . 
 `` it was good to see you , tony . '' 
 mr. lee stepped forward and caught tony in a hug . 
 `` do n't be a stranger around here when you get back , okay ? '' 
 `` i wo n't , sir . '' 
 tony grinned at him . 
 `` i like the bikes too much . '' 
 mr. lee laughed . 
 `` take care of him , '' he said , turning to me . 
 `` he 's a good man . '' 
 with that he got on the bike and started the engine . 
 tony waved as his neighbor powered down the driveway and out of sight . 
 i stood next to tony , my hand sliding easily into his . 
 `` he 's more to you than just a neighbor , is n't he ? '' 
 i asked . 
 tony nodded , his eyes still following mr. lee . 
 `` when my dad died , my mom kinda freaked . 
 did n't know what to do with me . 
 she pawned me off a lot on my aunt , and so i spent a lot of time here . '' 
 his voice was distant . 
 there was no sadness in it , just fact . 
 it made my heart break . 
 i could just see him as a boy , skinny and shy , trying to sneak into mr. lee 's garage to look at the motorcycles . 
 `` my aunt and mr. lee have a lot of the same friends . 
 he took me under his wing when i was here . '' 
 tony was quiet for a moment , his mind lost to memories of his childhood . 
 `` he said he taught you how to drive ? '' 
 i prompted . 
 `` yeah , '' tony said with a smile . 
 `` he taught me how to shave , too . 
 the man is basically the closest thing i have to a father . '' 
 `` i 'm glad you got to see him on your trip then , '' i said , squeezing his hand . 
 `` me too . 
 i had lunch with him when we got here , so that was good . '' 
 `` i think he was right about you , '' i said quietly to myself , watching as tony straightened up the garage before closing it . 
 `` you are a good man . '' 
 chapter 6 present day it had rained the night before , so the world smelled clean and fresh . 
 small puddles were disappearing into the warmth of the day , but water lingered in the shadows where the sun could n't reach yet . 
 it was a beautiful , perfect california day , but even the weather could n't relieve me of my funk . 
 the line was mercifully short at the coffee shop , and i took my mocha latte with extra whip outside so i could sit in the sunshine . 
 at least the chocolatey coffee combo was starting to lift my mood . 
 i sipped gently and closed my eyes , letting the sunshine and memories flood through me . 
 tony 's smile . 
 his easy laugh . 
 the way the light caught his eyes and made them shine . 
 i finished off the whip cream on my coffee and moved out of the sun and into the shade . 
 despite living in california for almost twenty years , i still burned like paper in a furnace . 
 i opened my eyes and took another sip of my coffee . 
 a ladybug had landed on the lid of my coffee . 
 i smiled and coaxed the small red and black insect onto a leaf and away from my coffee . 
 ladybugs were lucky . 
 tony used to call me ladybug . 
 a man in a leather jacket bumped into me , murmuring an apology before disappearing around the corner . 
 he had jet black hair and brown eyes ... and looked just like tony . 
 my mouth reacted before i had time to think logically . 
 `` tony ! '' 
 i hurried after him , almost running to catch up with him . 
 i turned the corner to see the back of his head disappear around another building . 
 `` frontera ! '' 
 i yelled out , hoping that he would respond . 
 i flew around the building , jostling several people out of my way in order to get to him . 
 out of breath , i rounded the corner and came into a small courtyard with a marble fountain in the center . 
 other than the fountain and myself , there was no one there . 
 i leaned against the wall . 
 there was no where else the man could have gone . 
 i must have been imagining things . 
 it could n't have been tony . 
 tony was dead , not walking around the streets in a leather jacket and not looking a day over thirty . 
 i tossed what was left of my coffee in a trashcan . 
 most of it was now spilled across my arm anyway . 
 i thought about just going home , but the fountain emanated a quiet peacefulness that i craved . 
 i went and sat on the grass at the base of the fountain . 
 the gentle sound of falling water was soothing to my soul . 
 i leaned my head back against the cool marble , letting my thoughts drift again . 
 tony and i stood in the corner , our foreheads pressed together , pretending we were in our own little world and that we could stay there forever . 
 we did n't speak ; we did n't need to . 
 he was leaving . 
 he was only here on vacation and now had to return to duty . 
 all he could tell me was that he was going to the middle east . 
 it was dangerous , but he promised me he would come back . 
 `` you know i 'm going to write you every day , right ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 i gave a tiny nod , not wanting to break away . 
 i was desperately trying to keep my tears at bay . 
 `` you better . '' 
 he reached up and caressed my cheek , lifting his head so that he could kiss the tip of my nose . 
 i could hear dean and rachel enter the room , and i silently cursed them . 
 if they were downstairs , it meant it was time for us to leave for the airport . 
 despite my fervent wishes , time was marching onward and tony needed to get on a plane . 
 i held tony 's hand , afraid to let him go . 
 i had fallen hard for him in just the space of a couple of days . 
 my heart told me that he was the one . 
 he was the one i was supposed to be with . 
 fate had pushed us together and i wanted to slap her for making us part . 
 `` it 's only going to be for a little while , i promise , '' tony said quietly , as if reading my thoughts . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 i met his eyes , seeing the love and heartache . 
 they were warm like a summer 's day . 
 i could live in those eyes . 
 `` i love you . 
 i think i always will . '' 
 i kissed him then , letting my lips show him because words did n't seem adequate . 
 i loved him with my whole heart , with every fiber of my being . 
 we had a connection that i had never thought possible , especially after such a short amount of time . 
 he had written me every day after that . 
 the letters had arrived at my new la address without incident . 
 i had looked forward to them like a child at christmas . 
 they had been sent to a base in texas for some additional training before being sent away . 
 i had thought about buying a plane ticket to visit him , but i did n't have the funds or available vacation time . 
 when iraq invaded kuwait and triggered the start of the gulf war , the letters had slowed . 
 tony , dean , and matt had all been sent on a mission and the letters became less frequent as the danger to them increased . 
 one night in january , i woke up screaming for him . 
 my poor roommate was scared half to death . 
 then the letters stopped arriving . 
 i called military bases and media outlets , desperately checking casualty lists . 
 i had collapsed when i found his name on one of them . 
 sgt. anthony frontera : killed in action . 
 i was in shock for days . 
 when i finally stopped crying , i picked up the phone to call rachel and jenny , to see if they new anything . 
 jenny told me she had n't spoken to matt since the airport . 
 rachel , on the other hand ... `` rachel , '' i asked into the phone . 
 i could hear what sounded like a busy office in the background . 
 `` do you ever talk to dean at all ? '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` no . 
 he never wrote me . 
 not even once . 
 he broke my heart , kimberly , '' she said bitterly . 
 `` i do n't want to talk about him , okay ? 
 just pretend like we never met those boys . '' 
 i did n't have the heart to tell her after that . 
 i knew dean and matt were injured in whatever had killed tony , but if she did n't want to know , i was n't going to be the one to tell her . 
 we never really talked much after that . 
 we exchanged the regular happy christmas card updates , and became friends on myface as the years went on , but we were no longer a part of each other 's lives . 
 i was n't sure how rachel and dean had come back to each other after being apart for so long , but the wedding invitation was proof enough that they had . 
 i was happy for them . 
 it was a love story that should have warmed my heart , but my loss of tony made it bittersweet . 
 my love story did n't have a happy ending . 
 it never would . 
 i wiped a tear from my cheek . 
 that had been over twenty years ago . 
 i had often wondered what my life would have been like if tony had n't died . 
 i liked to think we would have ended up happily married with kids and a dog . 
 i had never found anyone that made me feel the way he did . 
 `` it would be better than this , '' i said softly . 
 my life was n't bad , but it was lonely . 
 i had friends and a job that i enjoyed , did yoga on weekends and was part of a book club , but it was n't enough . 
 my own family was gone and i did n't have a husband or children . 
 i was very much alone in the world . 
 `` how do you find another love of your life ? '' 
 i asked the fountain . 
 it just gurgled and splashed in response . 
 i stood , examining the fountain . 
 i did n't remember it being here before . 
 the courtyard was n't one of my usual walking spots , but i seemed to remember a small retaining pond here before . 
 now there was a beautiful marble fountain with three tiers growing in size as they descended . 
 water poured down the levels until it splashed into a basin at the bottom . 
 i loved it . 
 i reached my hand out to catch a stream of water , enjoying the cool splash on my skin . 
 i held the water in my palm for a moment before dropping it into the collecting basin at the bottom . 
 copper and silver coins speckled the bottom , reflecting the light of the water in pretty arcs and shimmers . 
 i pulled a penny from my pocket . 
 it was shiny and caught the morning sunlight . 
 i held it in my hand , squeezing my fingers around the coin . 
 `` i wish i had tony again . 
 i wish i could 've stopped him from going . 
 i wish i had the chance to be with him again , '' i whispered . 
 i tossed the coin into the fountain . 
 it hit the water with a small plop ; the coin sank slowly to the bottom and settled on the other coins . 
 nothing else happened . 
 there was no magic . 
 nothing . 
 i was still alone . 
 i wiped a tear from my cheek and turned from the fountain . 
 i headed back home to try and work on my painting and forget the morning . 
 chapter 7 june 7th , 1990 jenny and i made a pasta salad for dinner . 
 penne pasta , sun-dried tomatoes , artichokes , avocados , tomatoes , feta cheese , and a handful of arugula came together with fresh basil and olive oil in a bowl to make a little piece of heaven . 
 `` we might even get them to eat something green , '' jenny joked as she stirred the mixture together . 
 i was n't sure if her ploy was going to work , but the salad looked amazing . 
 jenny was one of the best cooks i had ever met . 
 i was going to miss living with her . 
 the boys lay sprawled out in adirondack chairs on the back porch , each drinking a beer . 
 jenny opened the screen door and put her hand on the back of matt 's chair . 
 `` hey , honey , dinner 's ready , '' jenny said in a sickly sweet voice . 
 i could n't help but laugh at her impression of a housewife . 
 despite her amazing cooking abilities , i could n't see jenny being a housewife . 
 ever . 
 she had too much energy bottled inside of her , too much excitement for going out and partying to ever be stuck at home . 
 i pitied the man who thought he could make her a homemaker . 
 `` did i hear that dinner 's ready ? '' 
 dean asked , coming up the steps . 
 rachel grinned at us . 
 there were tear marks on her cheeks , but she was all smiles now . 
 i knew her cousin had been in a pretty bad motorcycle accident the year before , and i wondered if that was where her anxiety around the motorcycles originated . 
 thinking about it , i was surprised she had gotten on one at all . 
 she must have really trusted dean . 
 `` yeah , but only because rachel did n't make it , '' i teased through the open door , and she stuck her tongue out at me . 
 `` if i had made it , we would be eating pizza . '' 
 she threw herself into a chair , and dean went inside to get them drinks . 
 `` i have the unique ability to burn water . '' 
 i pulled out plates and started spooning the salad onto them . 
 dean managed to balance two plates with forks and two opened beers and navigate the screen door to bring it out to rachel . 
 tony came inside to help me carry the food out . 
 he sat in one of the chairs , and i sat at his feet , enjoying being near him . 
 if i sat on a chair , i would n't get to touch him . 
 `` what about me ? '' 
 matt asked , as everyone settled on the porch with their food . 
 jenny had n't brought his out , and he had n't gotten up to get it . 
 jenny raised her eyebrow at him and took a big bite of pasta . 
 he made an over dramatic pout and got up . 
 he rustled around in the kitchen before returning to his seat with a heaping plate of food . 
 the six of us sat and ate quietly . 
 it was a testament to the food that we wanted to eat more than we wanted to talk . 
 i could tell the boys were fairly worn out from their day . 
 i wondered what they had done all day . 
 i probably did n't want to know , but looking over at tony , i knew he would tell me if i asked . 
 the thought made me smile . 
 i was n't going to ask , but i hoped they had the time of their lives riding around on those bikes . 
 `` i think i 'm going to hit the hay a little early tonight , guys , '' jenny said once we had all finished our meals . 
 the sun was just starting to tip into the ocean , turning the world red and gold . 
 the sun reflected off the waves like a glowing jewel being set in a piece of jewelry . 
 it was mesmerizing . 
 `` what ? '' 
 matt frowned at her . 
 `` i thought we were ... '' jenny glared at him and raised her eyebrows as if she were trying to speak to him using only her mind . 
 he grinned . 
 `` early night for me too , '' he said lamely . 
 rachel giggled , and dean rolled his eyes as jenny and matt stood up and went inside . 
 we could hear them both stomp up the stairs and start the water in the master bath . 
 there was a bathtub in there that could fit seven . 
 i leaned back , tony 's legs on either side of me as we both stared out at the setting sun . 
 he put his hands on my shoulders , brushing the hair away from them . 
 his gentle touch sent shivers down my spine . 
 i could have him touch me like that all day . 
 this was how i wanted things to be forever . 
 only one more day before they have to leave ... the little voice in my head whispered . 
 i ignored it . 
 i wanted to enjoy the time i had . 
 i watched the flight of a small ladybug as she flew across the deck and landed directly on my shirt . 
 i smiled , putting my hand onto the fabric and coaxing the small creature onto my finger . 
 `` look , a ladybug , '' i said , holding her up for tony to see . 
 `` she landed on me . '' 
 `` she 's a bug ... '' tony replied , raising his eyebrows . 
 `` ladybugs are good luck . '' 
 the little insect spread her wings and flew away , my eyes on her until she disappeared into the sunset . 
 `` they 're especially lucky if they land on you . '' 
 `` lucky , huh ? '' 
 tony leaned forward and kissed the top of my head . 
 `` then , i guess you must be a ladybug , because i feel pretty lucky with you around . '' 
 i turned and rose to my knees , making our eyes almost level . 
 `` i 'm the lucky one , '' i whispered . 
 `` nope , '' he said , shaking his head and smiling . 
 `` you 're my ladybug . 
 besides , if i landed on you i might crush you . '' 
 i giggled and leaned forward to kiss him , feeling his hands tangle in my hair . 
 the kiss proved it . 
 i was lucky . 
 i was kissing tony . 
 the sun finally surrendered to the ocean 's embrace . 
 dark blues and purples filled the sky , reflecting the depth of the sea back to the clouds . 
 stars began to emerge and twinkle as they watched millions of lovers from their heavenly perches . 
 `` you want to go for a walk with me ? '' 
 tony asked quietly . 
 i turned around to nod , smiling at the idea of walking anywhere with him . 
 rachel and dean were off in their own little world on the other side of the porch , and they did n't even look up as we left . 
 `` i want to show you something , '' tony said , taking my hand in his . 
 i loved how warm he was . 
 it was like he was my own personal oven . 
 i wanted to go somewhere cold with him just so that i would have an excuse to cuddle closer . 
 we walked in comfortable silence through the deepening twilight . 
 even though i wanted to know everything i could about him , i loved that we did n't need to talk . 
 there was no need to fill the silences with games or chatter . . 
 we were comfortable with one another , even in the silences . 
 i knew some married couples who did n't have that ability . 
 it only made me further realize how perfect we were for one another . 
 the ocean shushed gently to our left as we walked along the beach . 
 the sand was still warm under my feet from the heat of the day , and it squished between my toes in the most delightful way . 
 i wondered where tony was taking me as we wandered away from the lights of the houses . 
 the ocean came further into the land in a small inlet . 
 tony gave my hand a gentle squeeze as we approached the water . 
 `` this is my favorite place in the entire world , '' he said softly , looking out at the ocean . 
 `` i wanted to share it with you . '' 
 a delightful warmth filled my heart . 
 i wished i had something as beautiful to share with him , to make him feel the giddy happiness surging through me . 
 `` it 's beautiful , '' i replied . 
 the stars and newly risen moon lit the small beach and bounced off the waves . 
 the inlet was shallower than the rest of the beach , giving the water a slightly different color , even in the dark . 
 it looked like the entrance to a magical world . 
 `` when the tide goes out , this is the best place to find shells , '' tony said . 
 `` when i was a kid , i used to find sharks ' teeth here . '' 
 i lay my head against his shoulder , enjoying the view of the ocean as well as the sensation of him standing next to me . 
 this was my idea of heaven . 
 `` thank you for showing me this , '' i whispered . 
 i felt like he was showing me something he did n't let the outside world ever see . 
 something that was only for me . 
 `` i wanted to bring you here to tell you something , '' he said slowly . 
 his voice sounded shaky in the dark . 
 he ran a hand through his black hair , the moonlight accentuating his every motion . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you can tell me anything . '' 
 tony moved so that he could see my face in the moonlight . 
 his eyes shone in the dark like oceans that i wanted to dive into and never surface from . 
 `` i love you , kimberly . '' 
 he said the words carefully , as though he were afraid i might not understand them . 
 i understood them better than he knew . 
 i felt the same . 
 i had felt it since the moment we met . 
 i touched his face , smiling softly . 
 his eyes searched mine . 
 `` i love you , tony . '' 
 i had more to say . 
 i wanted to tell him how strange it was . 
 how we connected so easily , so deeply , so quickly . 
 i wanted to tell him i knew this was n't just a summer fling , that in my heart of hearts i knew i wanted to spend the rest of my life with him . 
 if he had proposed right there , i would have said yes and not have thought about it twice . 
 but i did n't need to say any of that . 
 i had said the only words that mattered . 
 i love you . 
 anything more was unnecessary . 
 he felt the same way i did . 
 he knew that our love was unique and beautiful without me having to say a word . 
 perhaps that was part of why i loved him . 
 we fit as if we had been made to be together . 
 tony tucked his chin , and our mouths found one another . 
 his lips were warm and soft , his arms strong and safe , surrounding mine in their embrace . 
 his hands tangled in my hair as mine pulled him toward me . 
 the kiss was everything my words could n't say . 
 the want . 
 the desire . 
 the way he made me feel . 
 every movement with him felt right . 
 i forgot to breathe . 
 my heart forgot the need to beat . 
 they did n't need to when i was with tony . 
 when we broke apart , i gasped for air as my heart struggled to restart . 
 the kiss had frozen a moment in time that i would remember forever . 
 i loved tony , and tony loved me . 
 `` say it again , '' i begged . 
 i could listen to him say those three words to me until the end of time . 
 `` i love you , ladybug , '' tony whispered again , his lips in my hair as he hugged me close . 
 i closed my eyes and smiled . 
 we stayed there , wrapped in a loving embrace on the moonlit beach for a long time . 
 the night became cool , and mosquitoes finally decided to drive us indoors . 
 we hurried back to my condo , knowing that the other couples would be at the beach house . 
 we would have our little condo all to ourselves . 
 with it being just the two of us , it was almost as if it were real life . 
 we had one more full day together before we had to return from vacation , and we intended to enjoy every second of it . 
 chapter 8 present day i lay in bed , listening to the world outside as i tried to fall asleep . 
 the clock was ticking in the kitchen , but instead of lulling me to sleep with its constant rhythm , it was just reminding me that time was slipping away . 
 i closed my eyes , willing myself to sleep . 
 i finally gave up and opened them to find i was no longer in my bedroom . 
 mist filled the air and i could hear the sound of gurgling water . 
 i sat up , peering into the gray to see the silhouette of the fountain from that morning . 
 i rose carefully to my feet , the ground hidden in the mist . 
 it felt flat and firm , but i still stepped cautiously as i moved toward the fountain . 
 as i approached , the mist surrounding it cleared . 
 a woman was sitting on the rim , trailing her hand through the clear water in the basin . 
 she was slender and dressed in a silver , form-fitting dress that reminded me of a princess . 
 her long blonde hair trailed over her shoulder in a complicated braid . 
 as i stepped forward , she turned , her bright green eyes catching me and holding me prisoner . 
 `` hello , child , '' the woman said . 
 her voice was clear and rang through the space like a silver bell . 
 she smiled and motioned me to sit beside her . 
 i moved hesitantly , still unsure of what was going on . 
 `` am i dreaming ? '' 
 i perched carefully on the edge of the fountain . 
 the water babbled and splashed , but somehow i did n't get wet . 
 `` in a sense . 
 you are asleep , but you are not dreaming . 
 this is very real . '' 
 her light pink lips curled up in a gentle smile . 
 mist curled around our feet , the fountain was the only solid thing in this universe . 
 `` oh , '' i said matter-of-factly . 
 it all seemed so natural to me . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 this felt real , but i knew it could n't be . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 `` an in-between place . '' 
 the beautiful woman touched my hand . 
 `` we are in the fountain of love . 
 you made a wish . '' 
 she turned my hand over and placed the shiny penny into my palm that i had thrown into the fountain hours earlier `` who are you ? '' 
 i whispered , staring at the penny . 
 `` my name is diana . 
 i created this fountain a long time ago , '' she replied . 
 her hand released mine . 
 `` does that mean that you 're going to grant my wish ? '' 
 i asked , my voice hopeful . 
 i gripped the penny tightly in my hand , afraid that if i let it go , this really would be nothing but a dream . 
 `` that 's up to you , child . '' 
 diana 's perfectly arched brows came together . 
 `` it is a larger choice than you think . '' 
 `` but i could have tony back ? '' 
 her face relaxed into a soft smile . 
 `` i can send you back in time . 
 give you the chance to save him . '' 
 `` tony ... '' i whispered , not even meaning to speak . 
 `` but there is a risk . '' 
 she touched my cheek , turning me to look into her green eyes . 
 they were magically vibrant , with shades of emerald , green apple , and evergreen . 
 `` playing with time changes everything . 
 everything you now have will be gone . 
 choices unmade for better and for worse . 
 you even hazard being written out of time completely . '' 
 `` but i could get tony back ? '' 
 i asked stubbornly . 
 she gave a solemn nod . 
 `` then , yes . 
 whatever i have to do , i say yes . '' 
 `` are you sure ? 
 you risk all , '' she said . 
 she waved her hand over the water in the basin . 
 images appeared in the water of my paintings , my apartment , my friends . 
 they all faded into mist and then back to clear water . 
 `` you risk all that you are and all that you have by choosing this . '' 
 i looked at her , meeting her eyes . 
 `` yes . 
 i would risk everything and more to save tony . '' 
 `` you must also know that things may not turn out as you wish . 
 it is a risk to change time . '' 
 her eyes searched mine , delving into my soul . 
 `` i understand . '' 
 i looked away from her gaze . 
 i knew that i wanted this , that i would agree to this without hesitation . 
 `` i would rather live in a world where he existed , even if it was n't with me , than in a world where he is gone . '' 
 `` then you shall go back . '' 
 diana stood , her silver dress pooling like water at her feet . 
 `` but know this . 
 you must get him to go with you . 
 if he sets foot in the place he died , he will not be able to escape his fate . 
 even if he knows it is coming . 
 he must completely change his future in order for him to survive . '' 
 `` i understand , '' i said , nodding . 
 i had to get him to run away with me then . 
 `` i want to go back to the day he left me . 
 i have to tell him not to go . '' 
 diana frowned slightly , but nodded gravely . 
 `` as you wish . '' 
 i stood up and faced the slim woman in silver as the mist surrounded us , obscuring everything . 
 diana 's bright green eyes were the last thing i saw as the mist turned to darkness and i felt myself fall into it . 
 chapter 9 june 9,1990 for the second time i opened my eyes and noticed that the ceiling was different . 
 i frowned for a moment before realizing where i was . 
 my aunt 's condo in florida . 
 with someone sleeping next to me . 
 i turned my head slowly , heart in my throat . 
 there was tony . 
 he was still asleep , his chest rising and falling in an easy cadence . 
 the pre-dawn light from the window highlighted his perfect features and made him look like an angel . 
 i propped myself up on an elbow and reached out a hesitant hand to touch him . 
 i needed to know he was really there . 
 his chest was warm and solid under my fingers , and i could feel his every breath . 
 tears of joy welled up in my eyes . 
 my heart pounded in my chest and threatened to explode with happiness . 
 he was here . 
 he had n't died . 
 he was alive . 
 i kept my hand on him , watching him sleep . 
 i did n't want to wake him and break the spell . 
 just seeing him alive and strong was giving me chills . 
 i did n't want this moment to end . 
 the love of my life was here in front of me . 
 my heart ached with love . 
 i had missed him so much . 
 the love of my life ... he stirred . 
 `` whatcha looking at , ladybug ? '' 
 tony asked , his voice still full of sleep . 
 he cracked open one eye and looked at me . 
 `` just something wonderful , '' i whispered , surprised that my voice worked at all . 
 i felt like i could laugh and cry at the same time . 
 he was real . 
 `` you look so peaceful when you sleep . '' 
 his dark eyes opened and he sat up to look at me better . 
 his eyes were exactly as i remembered them . 
 warm and brown and they completely absorbed me . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he asked , his voice still rough from just waking . 
 i pushed myself to sitting , touching his cheek . 
 there was a light stubble under my fingers , but he was warm to the touch . 
 my dreams always ended here , and yet my dream had n't ended yet . 
 i did n't dare pinch myself because i did n't want this to end . 
 `` i am now , '' i whispered softly , knowing it was true . 
 and then i kissed him . 
 our lips met , soft and sweet . 
 i wanted to cry with joy . 
 he wrapped his muscular arms around my body , his taste sweet on my tongue . 
 i remembered him being muscular , but everything about him was so solid . 
 i could have kissed him for hours . 
 every nerve in my body was aflame with desire and love . 
 i felt his desire as he touched me , something i had n't felt for a long time . 
 he wanted me , despite my wrinkles , my weight , my ... i pushed him away for a moment and touched my own body . 
 i had n't even realized i had woke up naked , but as my fingers ran down my body , i knew why . 
 my skin was smooth , my br ** sts were perky . 
 i even felt like i had lost weight . 
 `` is everything okay ? '' 
 tony asked . 
 i laughed , sounding almost hysterical for a moment . 
 i could n't believe that i used to think that i weighed too much . 
 i was hot , and i had a hot piece of meat in bed with me . 
 i looked at the man who wanted me . 
 `` everything 's fine , '' i said , barely getting the words out before i began to kiss him again , this time with renewed vigor . 
 i could feel him smile as our lips met , and i could n't help but grin . 
 i did n't think the smile would ever leave my face . 
 tony rolled over on top of me , his hands roaming over every inch of my body . 
 i wrapped my arms around him , my hands gripping at his strong back . 
 his skin was warm against mine , and my breath caught in my throat as his hard pecs rubbed against my ni ** les . 
 he backed away for a moment , seeming to admire my face , then dove in and began to suck on my neck . 
 i laughed . 
 `` stop it ! 
 you 're going to give me a hickey ! '' 
 i beat on his back a little bit , enjoying how strong he felt . 
 he moved his lips from my neck to my ear . 
 `` maybe that 's what i want . 
 maybe i want everyone to know that you 're mine . '' 
 every word sent a tingle in my ear , as if the very hairs inside were turned on by his breath . 
 i arched my back and he kissed down my neck , softer this time . 
 his lips grazed my shoulder , touched my collar bone , and worked their way to my breast . 
 as his tongue flicked against one nipple and then the other , i realized that no man had given me quite this amount of attention in years . 
 this was heaven and i never wanted it to end . 
 his hungry attention to my br ** sts ended in a magnificent way as he began to kiss down my belly . 
 i knew where he was going and i could n't wait . 
 my whole body tensed as he moved further and further south . 
 when he got to my legs , they were still pressed together slightly . 
 as his hands began to gently pry my legs apart , i yielded quickly to his touch . 
 in a moment , his mouth was against my sex , eagerly tasting me . 
 i gasped in surprise . 
 had i always been this sensitive ? 
 i thought to myself . 
 whatever he was doing down there , no man had done that to me in a long time . 
 i bucked my h * ps and squeezed my legs around his head , trying hard not to choke him . 
 i looked down and saw his eyes . 
 those eyes . 
 the ones that had been in my dreams for decades now . 
 they were looking up at me with raw desire . 
 lust and love flared hot in my core . 
 the heat began to build in me quickly . 
 i threw my head back and began to moan . 
 i had n't felt like this in so long ... within another moment , i could feel his tongue settle into a rhythm , and it was n't long before i could feel a wave of pleasure building up . 
 my fingers clenched at the bedsheet , and my eyes squeezed shut . 
 i began to squeak , cute little squeaks of pleasure right before i finally had an orgasm . 
 it washed over me in a torrent , sending my muscles into spasms . 
 i could already feel myself starting to sweat . 
 as my orgasm faded , i looked down at him as he continued to lick me . 
 i leaned up and put my hands on either side of his face , pulling him into a kiss . 
 he eagerly returned it , rising up to meet me . 
 i let him kiss me for a moment before kneeling up on the bed , my young muscles easily making the transition . 
 i put my hand on his muscled chest and pushed him down to the bed . 
 i knew he was strong enough that he could have easily resisted , but he fell to the bed , surprise on his face at my sudden burst of energy . 
 i was so wet and ready for him . 
 i had wanted him like this for decades . 
 it was better than any dream i could have had . 
 i straddled his body and began to position myself above him . 
 he threw his head back and closed his eyes as i felt him press against the precipice and i began to lower myself down ... `` wait ! '' 
 he said as his eyes flew back open . 
 his strong hands tightened on my hips , pinning me in mid-air . 
 my feeling of exuberance immediately left . 
 i knew that this was too good to be true . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he looked at me like i should know what he wanted . 
 his voice was gruff with want . 
 `` this is how you want to do this ? 
 we 've been safe all week , and now you want to have sex without a condom ? '' 
 i smiled , a sense of relief washing over my body . 
 i remembered firmly stopping him one night after we had been drinking , letting him know that i was not ready for a child . 
 he had n't pressed the issue , just blushed and put a condom on as if he had been caught doing the wrong thing . 
 now , though ... i had gone through the past few years with my biological clock ticking . 
 sure , this might not have been the right time for me in my twenties , but i had waited so long . 
 i had wanted him for so long . 
 i did n't care . 
 i shrugged and bit my lip with a smile , starting to slide down further . 
 i felt the head of his beautiful c ** k breach my opening and we gasped together . 
 he tightened his grasp on my hips , suspending me above him . 
 `` stop . 
 you 've got your career starting . 
 i 'm not going to let you risk that just for a morning quickie . '' 
 the look on his face was stern . 
 no man i had ever known since tony would ever have said something like that . 
 truthfully , my lust was so great that i tried to wriggle out of his grasp , giving him one last chance to change his mind . 
 his strong hands kept me firmly in place . 
 i could n't fight his strength . 
 `` fine ! '' 
 i said , as if i were a petulant teenager . 
 i went to the nightstand and grabbed a condom from the drawer , tearing it open with my teeth . 
 he smiled as i popped it into my mouth . 
 i remembered how much he had liked this , and as i slid it onto his magnificent erection , i made sure to get him extra wet . 
 i could n't wait to feel him inside me again . 
 as i began to suck , he groaned . 
 `` oh no you do n't . 
 no teasing me like this , '' he said , his voice strained with want as he pulled me toward him . 
 i shrieked with delight as i fell onto his chest and he positioned himself underneath me . 
 he slid in with ease , my body already open to his advances . 
 again , we gasped together , and as i felt his h * ps began to thrust underneath me , i finally knew that this was real . 
 as his hands went to my h * ps i knelt up , letting him admire my body . 
 those brown eyes i dreamed of almost every night were fixated on my every move . 
 i was a goddess in those eyes . 
 his hands ran up my sides and grabbed my br ** sts as i rode him , and i could see the look of concentration in his face as he kneaded the flesh . 
 i ran my own hands up and down my body , enjoying the feeling . 
 i 'd never let this body grow old again if i could help it . 
 i ran my fingers through my hair and closed my eyes as i bounced on him . 
 everything seemed so fresh , so new . 
 maybe i just missed being young again . 
 maybe it was all just me pining for the good old days ... i opened my eyes and looked down at him . 
 no , i decided as i looked over the features of his face . 
 it was tony . 
 i wanted him even more than i wanted this young body . 
 i wanted him more than life itself . 
 i would do anything it took to stop him from going over there . 
 for now , though , i would simply enjoy the ride . 
 he reached up and put his hands on my back , kissing me briefly before pulling me down to lay on him . 
 in a flash , he had flipped us over so that he was on top of me . 
 i laughed but quickly began to moan as he filled me . 
 i looked down at his muscular h * ps and ass , watching him thrust into me , a sight i knew i would never grow tired of . 
 he looked at me in much the same way , making me smile . 
 he lay down next to me , grabbing me by the shoulder and pushing me over on my side . 
 his body was hot and slick with sweat and florida humidity , and i wanted every inch of it . 
 i felt his chest against my back as he wrapped one of his arms around me , cupping my breast and teasing my nipple with his fingers . 
 he lifted my leg with his other hand for a moment , pushing into me . 
 as soon as he was in , he grabbed my other breast . 
 i felt like i was wrapped up in a big bear hug , but most of all i felt safe . 
 i would be safe as long as i was with him . 
 one of his hands moved down to my belly and i began undulating my h * ps into him . 
 i felt the vibration of his groan of pleasure on my back as my body pushed and pulled . 
 we touched at every possible inch of skin , our bodies merging and entwining as one . 
 he was going shallower now , but every time my ass touched his hips , it sent another wave of pleasure through my body . 
 i focused on the feeling of his hands on my body . 
 they were strong and rough , with callouses from working in dangerous areas . 
 i loved those hands . 
 they grabbed and squeezed with every motion i made , and i could feel him getting more and more excited . 
 my fingers wandered down to my own clit . 
 with stimulation on both my inside and my outside , i knew i would make it to orgasm quickly . 
 i just hoped that i would make it in time . 
 i was rising to cl ** ax and i could feel him begin to take on a rhythmic pace . 
 his hot breath came faster in my ear , and i knew he was getting close . 
 i could feel him begin to swell , feel his pace changing . 
 he hugged me even tighter , and when he gasped in my ear , it pushed me over the edge . 
 i followed him into ecstasy , the two of riding the waves of pleasure in tandem . 
 it was the most magnificent feeling i ever had . 
 as we came together , i knew that i had been a fool to ever let this go . 
 twenty years ago , tony had brought me to another level of happiness , and i had never been the same after that . 
 now , he was returning me to the same level of happiness , and like a drug , i would n't be able to live without it . 
 as he slowed and then stopped , i found my own orgasm winding down . 
 my lungs ached for oxygen i swear i no longer needed . 
 tony was better than air . 
 he collapsed behind me , pulling the condom off as he softened and quickly tying it in a knot . 
 i watched him throw it toward the wastebasket and miss . 
 `` hey ! 
 you could play for the orlando magic ! '' 
 i said , a grin on my face . 
 `` who ? '' 
 he asked , still breathing hard . 
 oh yeah , they 're not around yet , i thought . 
 i struggled to think of a basketball team that had been around back then . 
 `` nevermind , just make sure that makes it into the trash . 
 i ca n't go messing up my aunt 's place like this ! '' 
 he smiled , then gave me a little kiss . 
 i closed my eyes as he wrapped his arms around me and pulled me in tight . 
 i only had a few hours left , but i could afford a couple more minutes to just revel in his touch ... chapter 10 june 9 , 1990 for the second time `` you ca n't go , '' i said , trying to remain calm . 
 i was sitting on the bed while tony packed his bag . 
 he sighed , standing up from stuffing his duffel bag . 
 `` we 've had this discussion already , ladybug . 
 i have to go . '' 
 i bit the inside of my cheek . 
 i was starting to get frustrated . 
 `` but what if you did n't ? 
 we could go anywhere . 
 we could be together . '' 
 tony let his bag lean against the wall . 
 he faced me , his eyes dark and serious . 
 `` i do n't want to have this conversation again . 
 i have to go back . 
 besides , i 'll see you when i get back . '' 
 `` but you are n't coming back ! '' 
 i clapped my hands over my mouth . 
 i had n't intended on revealing that i was from the future . 
 i had thought about it for a good chunk of the morning and could n't come up with a reasonable explanation that would n't make me sound insane . 
 i was trying desperately to figure out how to convince him to just come with me , to run away with me , but it was n't working . 
 `` what do you mean , i 'm not coming back ? 
 how do you know that ? '' 
 tony 's brows came together , and somehow his dark eyes grew darker . 
 the only thing i was succeeding at was making him angry . 
 `` i just know , okay ? '' 
 i stammered . 
 `` please , do n't go . '' 
 tony took a step toward me . 
 `` do you know what not going back would do ? '' 
 i shook my head slightly . 
 i knew we would need to leave the united states to escape his military duty , but that did n't seem like such a big deal when the other option was his death . 
 `` in addition to deserting my friends , i would be considered awol . 
 once i 've been awol long enough , they 'll call me a deserter . 
 a traitor . 
 if i 'm in the states , they 'll put me in jail . 
 best case scenario , i 'd be dishonorably discharged . '' 
 he turned back to his bag , frustration filling his voice . 
 `` do you know how hard it is to get a job with a dishonorable discharge ? 
 i do n't exactly have a lot of skills . 
 the military is my life , like it or not . 
 and you 're asking me to put my entire future in jeopardy because you have a bad feeling ? '' 
 `` it 's more than just a bad feeling ... '' `` this is n't like asking me to quit my job . 
 this is asking me to abandon the only people who care about me . 
 dean and matt are my brothers . 
 i wo n't leave them to go off without me , '' he stated flatly . 
 he stared at his mostly-packed bag . 
 `` believe me , i want to stay with you as much as you do , but i 'm not going to say this again , kimberly . 
 i 'm leaving . '' 
 i choked back tears . 
 i was desperate to find a way to make him stay . 
 if i told him i was from the future , he would just think i was crazy . 
 i wracked my brain to come up with some event that would convince that i knew what would happen , but it had been twenty years since this moment . 
 even without my memory fading , the weather had been exactly as forecasted , there were no strange delays , no one said or did anything strange , and there was nothing memorable in the news . 
 for once in my life , i wished that there had been a horrible earthquake or tsunami that i could predict , but there was n't . 
 in all the times i had dreamed of coming back to this day , i had never considered how hard it would be . 
 how do you convince someone that you 're from the future without sounding completely crazy ? 
 `` i had this dream ... and - '' i tried , saying the only thing i could think of . 
 tony raised his hand as though he were stopping my words in the air . 
 `` kimberly , stop , '' he said . 
 he looked at me with sad eyes . 
 i recognized the look . 
 he thought i was crazy . 
 `` i 'm going , and that 's final . 
 if you want to keep on with this , then do n't bother coming with me to the airport . '' 
 his shoulders slumped as he turned to pick up his bag . 
 he lifted it onto his back like it was weightless , stepping out of the room and walking to the car . 
 i was speechless . 
 i just sat there as i heard him stomp through the house . 
 i had failed . 
 more than failed . 
 he thought i was psycho now . 
 i heard the front door slam . 
 tears ran down my face . 
 how could i have messed this up so badly ? 
 i had failed . 
 i had failed and ruined what had been a beautiful last day . 
 he was leaving , and any more attempts were going to just make him angrier with me . 
 failure hung heavy on my shoulders . 
 i wished i could just walk into the ocean and drown . 
 i had been given the gift of a chance , and i had blown it . 
 tony was going to die , and i was going to have to experience the loss again . 
 it would be even worse this time because i would know it was coming . 
 i wiped my eyes , trying to figure out how to ask matt and dean to watch out for him and not sound even more crazy . 
 `` oh , fountain , '' i whimpered , trying to keep my sobs in check despite my heart wanting to explode . 
 `` how do i fix this ? '' 
 i covered my face with my hands , unable to stop the sobs from escaping . 
 tears leaked between my fingers , as i buried myself in the pillow . 
 i had failed . 
 chapter 11 unknown time i do n't know how long i cried , but at some point i became aware that things had changed . 
 i sat up and wiped my cheeks . 
 the condo was gone . 
 mist was all around me . 
 behind me i could hear the soft whispers of the fountain as it flowed . 
 `` it did n't work , '' i sobbed , turning to look up at diana . 
 a soft sadness crossed her face as she knelt beside me . 
 `` i must apologize . 
 i had a feeling that date was not the day to go back to , but you were so sure of yourself . '' 
 she wiped her soft hand across my cheek , catching my tears . 
 i looked up at her , expecting more . 
 when she did n't say anything , i began to fall even deeper into despair . 
 `` so that 's it ? '' 
 her look was maternal , as if teaching me a harsh lesson . 
 `` that is it . 
 you did not save him . 
 he still died on the same day . 
 though your fight caused him to write you less before he left , the memory of the days and nights you spent together convinced him that you were the girl of his dreams . 
 he intended to marry you , and he died loving you no less than in your original timeline . '' 
 i felt the strength sap from my body . 
 `` is that supposed to comfort me ? 
 he 's still dead . '' 
 diana nodded . 
 `` yes , he is still dead . '' 
 i waited for a moment , and as the swirling mists enveloped the fountain , i started to cry again . 
 `` can you send me back again ? '' 
 i asked , just as diana began to fade from my sight as well . 
 `` my child , not many people get a second chance , and fewer still get a third . '' 
 `` but can you ? '' 
 i asked , hope filling my voice . 
 diana snapped back into my vision . 
 for the first time , she looked less confident . 
 `` i can never send you back to the time that you just visited . 
 however ... '' `` you can send me back again , '' i finished her sentence . 
 she paused . 
 there was clearly something keeping her from sending me back . 
 `` i have to go back again . '' 
 she smiled , but there was clearly pain behind her words . 
 `` words did not persuade tony last time . 
 what makes you think that he will listen to you at another time ? '' 
 `` if you can do it , i have to go . 
 i have to try . '' 
 another pause . 
 `` i can send you back , just one more time . '' 
 elation filled me , but she quickly added , `` there are some ... complications , though . '' 
 i smiled through my tears . 
 `` i do n't care . 
 please send me back . '' 
 she still looked stern . 
 `` before you go , you must listen to what i have to say . 
 once i send you back , i can no longer rescue you . 
 the future will be set in stone . 
 in addition , the task has become harder now . 
 i will send you back to the date that you are most likely to succeed . '' 
 `` the date i 'm most likely to succeed ? '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` i thought the last day we were together was the best day . '' 
 diana gave me a gentle smile . 
 `` no . 
 on the day he left you , the threads of time were tightly woven . 
 the fabric was already set . 
 on the date that i send you to now , there is a possibility for a new design . '' 
 a glimmer of hope began to flicker , raising my spirits and stopping my tears . 
 i had another chance . 
 a better chance . 
 `` unfortunately , that also means that there is a greater risk to you . '' 
 diana peered at me with her magic green eyes . 
 i could feel the weight of her words . 
 `` if the pattern can be changed , then you can be taken out of it as well . 
 you could change all other timelines as well . 
 do you still wish to continue ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i answered without hesitation . 
 `` i would do anything for him . '' 
 `` then good luck to you , child , '' diana whispered . 
 i closed my eyes as she kissed my forehead , and i felt the mists of time swirl around me once again . 
 chapter 12 august 1 , 1990 for the second time i woke up in a room that i had n't been in for over twenty years ; my first apartment in los angeles . 
 my eyes shot open , and i sat up quickly , making myself dizzy with the movement . 
 the room was exactly as i remembered it , but without the veneer of memory . 
 the room was barely bigger than a broom closet . 
 i laughed a little to myself , thinking how it was even smaller than i had remembered it . 
 in fact , i remembered it as far more glamorous . 
 the mattress was on the floor with unpacked boxes scattered throughout the small space . 
 water stains on the walls that had n't bothered me in my twenties disgusted me now . 
 the paint was peeling off the ceiling , and i could hear the hum of traffic through the wall . 
 now that i had lived in a nice apartment , the glamor of simply being in la was gone for me . 
 i missed my future apartment already . 
 i could hear the tv through the thin door , the voices of the news punctuated by my roommate 's one sided conversation and laughter as she talked on the phone . 
 letters from tony sat open on the box i was using as a nightstand . 
 the ink was still dark and the paper white . 
 i had read them so many times since this moment that i was used to them being yellow and aged . 
 these were fresh and new . 
 i stood up slowly , expecting my h * ps and knees to protest from rising from the floor . 
 but my twenty-two-year-old body made the motion easily . 
 i ended up almost falling over because i was overcompensating and expecting pain . 
 the ease of it all made me laugh . 
 youth really is wasted on the young , i thought to myself with a giggle . 
 i glanced at the mirror leaning against the wall and ran my hand through my blonde hair . 
 it was tangled from the night of sleep , but i still looked good . 
 i stretched my hands overhead , enjoying the way my body moved and responded . 
 i opened the door to the main room where my roommate had the tv on full blast and was still chatting on the phone . 
 i nearly laughed again as i realized she was talking on a corded landline . 
 i had forgotten that cell phones were n't around yet , let alone the thin little smart phones i was used to . 
 i was rather glad to know that particular technology was on its way . 
 the newscaster on the tv had on a terrible ' 90 's style dress coat with big shoulders and a haircut that made his head look two sizes too small for the coat . 
 i shook my head a little at the fashion sense of the time . 
 i remembered thinking it was fantastic back then , but with a modern perspective , we all looked neon and overdone . 
 i took another look at the tv screen , noticing the box in the corner said it was seven in the morning on august 1st . 
 i started to laugh uncontrollably as i realized i knew what i was going to do . 
 i knew why the fountain had sent me here , and i really should have asked to come here the first time . 
 i knew the future on this date . 
 i knew things that no one else could because i had been here already . 
 `` what are you laughing at ? '' 
 my roommate asked , holding her hand over the phone receiver . 
 i managed to keep a straight face at her ridiculous puffy mullet hairstyle and neon pink wind-breaker outfit . 
 i grinned at her , feeling almost giddy . 
 i really could convince him this time . 
 i was going to save my tony . 
 `` i 'm going to need a ride to the airport , '' i told her . 
 she looked at me like i was crazy , but i did n't care . 
 i was going to see tony . 
 *** `` here 's fort sam houston , miss , '' the taxi cab driver said , slowing to a stop in front of an impressive looking gate . 
 i could see a guard in the booth checking i.d.s. i took a shaky breath . 
 now that i was actually here , actually about to go see tony and tell him i was from the future , i was nervous . 
 i had hopped on the first flight i could find . 
 it was actually rather nice traveling by plane pre-9 / 11 . 
 i was able to bring a bottle of water and i did n't have to take off my shoes in security . 
 some things really were better in this simpler time , i had thought to myself . 
 i handed the driver his fare and opened the car door . 
 the sweltering heat of texas in august hit me like a fist in the face . 
 i grabbed my backpack filled with all the clothes i could stuff in it . 
 i had everything with me that i would need to disappear . 
 i just hoped that , after tomorrow , i would need it . 
 the cab drove off in a cloud of dust and smoke as i walked up to the gate and presented my drivers license to the gate guard . 
 he looked at it and wrote my name down on the visitor 's log . 
 `` what are you going to be doing here on base , miss ? '' 
 the guard asked , handing me back my id . 
 `` i 'm here to see a soldier . 
 sergeant anthony frontera . '' 
 i put the card back in my pocket . 
 `` do you know where i might find him ? '' 
 `` what unit is he a part of ? '' 
 `` the 101st airborne division . '' 
 i smiled my best flirtatious smile and was rewarded with a smile from the guard . 
 `` there 's a lot of guys from the one-oh-one here , miss , but i think i 've seen this guy . 
 jet black hair , really buff ? '' 
 `` that 's the one , '' i confirmed . 
 he laughed . 
 `` lucky guy , that one . 
 they 're in building 2b . '' 
 he leaned out of his booth and pointed . 
 `` go left at the sign , and you ca n't miss it . 
 if you hurry , you just might catch them getting back from lunch . '' 
 `` thank you so much , '' i replied and resettled the bag on my shoulders . 
 i could feel his eyes on my backside as i walked away , but i did n't care . 
 it had been a long time since someone that young had checked out my behind , but i had no time to show off . 
 i was on base and on my way to save tony . 
 the building was right where the guard had said it would be . 
 i stood in front of the sand-colored building and bit my lip . 
 soldiers in uniform hurried between the buildings trying to stay out of the heat . 
 now that i was actually here , i was nervous . 
 my palms were dripping with sweat and it was n't just from the heat . 
 my stomach was threatening to be sick with all the butterflies dancing around inside of me . 
 i swallowed hard , forcing my stomach to behave . 
 this was my last chance . 
 `` kimberly ? '' 
 a voice called out from my side . 
 i turned to see tony making his way up the sidewalk . 
 he looked so handsome in his uniform . 
 dean and matt were with him . 
 `` hi , '' i said , giving them a timid wave hello . 
 i was shaking with nerves now . 
 `` can i talk to you ? '' 
 `` yeah , sure , '' tony said with a grin . 
 his eyes were bright with excitement at seeing me . 
 i took it as a good sign . 
 i must not have screwed up the timeline too badly if he was still happy to see me . 
 `` can we do it inside ? 
 i 'm dying out here . '' 
 i nodded . 
 tony put his hand on my back to guide me inside the door . 
 his fingertips seemed to send electricity down my spine , and i shivered with delight . 
 dean held open the door for us all to walk inside . 
 the air conditioning hit me like a gift from god . 
 i wiped my hands on my shorts , trying to rub away my nervousness . 
 if i did n't do this right , i could lose him . 
 `` i 'll see you guys upstairs , '' tony told dean and matt . 
 they nodded and gave me a wave as they went up the stairs to wherever they were going . 
 i watched them leave us in the empty entrance . 
 i was glad there were n't other people around . 
 this was going to be weird enough without an audience . 
 i turned back to face tony and was happily surprised when he kissed me . 
 i relaxed into his kiss , letting my body respond to his touch . 
 he felt so good , so strong , and so wonderful . 
 i could taste the salty sweat from being outside , and i loved it . 
 he tasted real . 
 alive . 
 he pulled back , keeping his hands on my neck and shoulders . 
 i loved being this close to him . 
 when he smiled , i felt my heart melt into a puddle . 
 `` i 'm really happy to see you , ladybug , '' he said softly , the smile never leaving his eyes . 
 `` but what are you doing here ? '' 
 i took a deep breath . 
 i had rehearsed this speech a thousand times on the flight here , but now that it was time to actually say it , my voice wavered . 
 he had to believe me . 
 as insane as what i was going to say was , at least this time i had a plan . 
 i just needed to make sure he actually heard it before dismissing me as a needy , crazy story he told his friends . 
 `` i 'm going to tell you something crazy , '' i said . 
 `` i would n't believe it myself , except it 's true . '' 
 tony 's face darkened with worry . 
 `` are you pregnant ? 
 i thought i was careful enough ... '' `` no , no , '' i answered , a nervous laugh bubbling in my throat . 
 if only that were the problem . 
 that i could handle . 
 `` i 'm not pregnant . '' 
 `` okay . 
 i mean ... '' he shrugged . 
 `` it would n't be a bad thing if you were , but i 'm glad that 's not it . '' 
 i bit my lip . 
 this next part was the most dangerous part . 
 this was the part i was afraid of . 
 i was terrified he was going to leave without letting me finish . 
 `` you ca n't leave for the middle east . 
 you 're going to die over there . '' 
 tony 's face fell and he dropped his hands from me . 
 `` kimberly ... '' `` before you write me off as a super psycho chick , just listen to what i have to say , '' i begged , grabbing onto his sleeve . 
 he pulled back slightly , but he did n't try to escape . 
 `` i 've been to the future . 
 you die on this tour . 
 you 're supposed to guard some vip and something goes wrong . 
 i wait for you and you never come home . '' 
 tony took a step backward , moving his arm to dislodge my fingers . 
 my throat tightened . 
 i needed to get a hold of myself . 
 i needed to stick to the facts that would convince him , not the emotional part that had haunted me for the past twenty years . 
 my emotions did n't matter now . 
 `` but , to prove to you that i 'm not crazy and that i actually am from the future , i 'm going to tell you what 's going to happen tomorrow . '' 
 i took a deep breath and wiped the tears from my eyes . 
 `` events that i should n't know . 
 could n't know , unless what i 'm saying is true . '' 
 `` kimberly ... '' pity filled tony 's eyes . 
 he thought i was nuts . 
 `` you do n't have to believe me today . '' 
 i pressed my palms together and gave him a weak grin . 
 `` hell , i would n't believe me today , but if tomorrow , you do believe me , then meet me at the gate tomorrow evening . '' 
 tony 's face told me he was n't even thinking of showing up . 
 i could n't blame him . 
 if our roles were reversed , i would have looked exactly the same . 
 at least he was still listening , though . 
 `` tomorrow is august 2nd . '' 
 i looked him in the eye to make sure he heard my every word . 
 this was the important part . 
 `` iraq is going to invade and occupy kuwait at two am . 
 the emir will flee to saudi arabia . 
 there will be two days of fighting . 
 in response , president bush will announce a defensive mission to prevent iraq from invading saudi arabia called operation desert shield . '' 
 `` what did you call it ? '' 
 tony asked , interrupting me . 
 his expression shifted slightly , turning more into an interested frown from a disbelieving one . 
 `` operation desert shield , '' i repeated . 
 i knew this all as history that had affected my life . 
 i had read every article i could get my hands on during this time because i had been worried about tony . 
 even after his death , i had almost a gruesome fascination with the time period . 
 `` american soldiers will be in country august 7th . 
 the entire conflict will eventually be called operation desert storm , or the gulf war . '' 
 tony 's frown deepened . 
 `` how do you know this ? '' 
 `` because this is old history for me , '' i explained . 
 `` this is all set to happen at two am iraqi time . 
 if this does occur , then please believe me and meet me at the gate tomorrow evening at seven . 
 i wo n't be able to get in because you guys will be on lockdown . '' 
 tony crossed his arms , his eyes dark . 
 he schooled his face into a mask i could n't read . 
 i prayed silently that he would believe me . 
 this was my last chance . 
 if this did n't convince him , then nothing would . 
 `` i really want you to believe me . '' 
 my throat constricted and i looked down at the ground . 
 i was still shaking . 
 `` i do n't want you to die again . 
 i do n't think i could bear it a second time . '' 
 i felt his hands on my shoulders . 
 they were warm on my skin , and i felt a small surge of hope . 
 he still cared enough about me to touch me , despite the fact that i sounded like a lunatic . 
 i cleared my throat and looked up . 
 panic was welling up in the pit of my stomach . 
 i needed to give him time to think , and i knew if i stayed i would start to cry . 
 `` so , august second : iraq invades kuwait triggering operation desert shield . 
 you 'll go to guard a kuwaiti vip , and you wo n't come home . '' 
 i stepped back , trying to smile through the tears i could feel piling up in my throat . 
 i could n't let my emotions escape me this time . 
 i did n't want him to remember me in hysterics . 
 i needed him to remember the facts . 
 `` seven o'clock at the gate , '' i repeated and turned to run to the door . 
 my fingers grasped the cold metal handle when i thought of something . 
 `` oh , and i just remembered . 
 you like baseball . 
 a rookie on the yankees will hit his tenth home run tomorrow . 
 i remember you writing that to me in a letter . 
 it was some sort of record . '' 
 i turned the knob and bolted out the door . 
 despite the heat , i ran all the way to the gate , trying to escape the fear that he was n't going to believe me . 
 i darted out the gate , waving to the guard and prayed that tomorrow , tony would meet me here and i would n't be left waiting at the gate forever . 
 chapter 13 august 2 , 1990 for the second time the rental car hummed softly along the pavement as i drove back to the base . 
 the numbers 6:38 glowed green on the dash . 
 i knew i had plenty of time , but i still hurried . 
 i had sat in the hotel room for most of the day , watching the news unfold on the tv . 
 it was strange to see it happening again and to know how it would turn out . 
 i was torn between leaving the hotel early and sitting and waiting by the gate , or leaving so that i would arrive precisely at seven . 
 either way i was going to be anxious . 
 i finally decided to just wait at the gate . 
 i turned onto the road leading to the gate . 
 i put on a pair of hot pink ray-ban sunglasses , the sun still shining mercilessly down on the state of texas . 
 i felt silly wearing the '90s fashions and dressing like i was going to a dance party . 
 unfortunately , all the clothes i had were what was in style . 
 a janet jackson song ended , and a news report came over the radio . 
 the announcer updated the world on the situation occurring in kuwait . 
 the poor announcer could barely say the names correctly . 
 if only they knew how common the names of saddam hussein , iraq , iran , kuwait , qatar , and so many others would become . 
 i pulled the car up to a waiting area near the gate . 
 i was fifteen minutes early , but as i pulled up i could see tony leaning against the wall in the shade . 
 he was already there . 
 waiting . 
 that had to be a good sign , right ? 
 i took a deep breath as he walked toward the car . 
 i unlocked it and felt the summer heat fight the air conditioner as he slid into the passenger seat and took off his hat . 
 my mouth was dry and my tongue sticky . 
 the butterflies in my stomach were doing a circus act . 
 `` you 're early , '' i said , grateful my voice did n't crack with nervousness . 
 `` how did you know what was going to happen ? '' 
 tony asked . 
 his brown eyes searched my face , trying to figure out if i was crazy or really from the future . 
 `` i told you , '' i answered gently . 
 `` i 've been to the future . '' 
 he scrubbed his short dark hair with his hand , letting out a deep breath . 
 i knew i had rattled him and i felt badly about it , but i hoped that he would understand . 
 i hoped that he believed me . 
 that this was enough to convince him . 
 i prayed i had done enough to save him . 
 `` there 's no way you could have known the things you told me , '' he said , sounding more like he was trying to convince himself than me . 
 `` the invasion ... hell , just the name of the operation is top secret right now . 
 i 'm not even really supposed to know it , but you just say it like it 's common knowledge . '' 
 `` where-or rather when i 'm from , it is . '' 
 i chewed on my lip before i put my hand on his . 
 `` i made a wish in a fountain . 
 i wished that i could come back and save you . 
 stop you from going . 
 the fountain granted my wish and sent me back to warn you . '' 
 his hand went through his hair again . 
 i did n't envy his position . 
 he had to decide to do something crazy . 
 something that would forever change both our worlds . 
 to be honest , i was a little afraid of what was going to happen myself . 
 `` please do n't go . 
 i do n't want to lose you again . '' 
 my throat tightened at the words , as if it was trying to keep my heart from escaping out my mouth . 
 he paused , closing his eyes as he came to decision . 
 my stomach was threatening to be sick . 
 this was it . 
 tony put his hand to my chin , tipping my face up to meet his eyes . 
 he smiled , his eyes soft and comforting . 
 `` i believe you , ladybug . 
 it 's kind of scary , but i believe you . '' 
 all the air in my lungs rushed out in a breath i did n't even know i was holding . 
 a weight lifted from my shoulders and tears welled in my eyes from sheer relief . 
 he believed me . 
 and he called me ladybug . 
 `` what do we do now ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he smiled and wiped the tears from my cheek . 
 `` we 're about two and a half hours from the mexico border . 
 we run , '' i said simply . 
 i could n't have kept the smile off my face if someone had paid me . 
 he believed me . 
 we were going to be together . 
 tony took a deep , shaky breath and twisted his hat in his hands . 
 `` that means i 'll have to leave dean and matt . 
 i 'll be considered a deserter . 
 ca n't i just go with them and just not go to work that day ? 
 be sick or something ? '' 
 i shook my head sadly . 
 `` no . 
 the fountain said that if you step foot in that country , your fate is sealed . 
 you have to leave them . '' 
 he closed his eyes , debate clearly raging in his mind . 
 i hoped my position was winning . 
 `` i hate the idea of leaving them . '' 
 `` but you 'll be alive , '' i countered gently . 
 he opened his eyes as if the argument in his head was finally decided . 
 `` and i 'll be with you . '' 
 he smiled and touched my cheek again . 
 his brows tightened and he glanced out the window toward the base . 
 `` will they be okay without me ? 
 i mean , if i 'm not there , what 's going to happen to them ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i answered honestly . 
 `` they survive it the first time , though . 
 i would imagine they will survive it again . 
 they were injured mostly because they tried so hard to save you . '' 
 tony looked out the window for another moment before turning back to me . 
 he smiled , putting his faith in me completely . 
 `` let 's do this then . 
 my bag 's packed , i just need to go get it . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` how are you going to leave an army base with your duffel bag when you 're on high alert ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i think you met the gate guard yesterday . 
 he talked about you at the poker game last night . 
 he said i was a lucky guy , and i think he believed it . 
 i believed it too . 
 i was so lucky that i won $ 200 from him . '' 
 he grinned at me again . 
 `` i gave it back to him to look the other way today . '' 
 i leaned over and kissed him . 
 he was coming , and we were going to make it . 
 as long as we made it to the mexico border , he was safe . 
 `` you have no idea how much i 've missed you , '' i whispered as we pulled apart . 
 i wanted to cry in relief . 
 i wanted to stand on the roof of the car and whoop for joy . 
 i was going to be with my tony . 
 `` enough that you apparently traveled back in time to come get me , '' he said . 
 his eyes met mine , warm and brown like a sunlit wooded glade . 
 like the picture i had been trying to paint . 
 `` you know i love you , right ? '' 
 i nodded , unable to find the words . 
 words were inadequate . 
 i kissed him again , sending happiness straight down through my toes . 
 he left me breathless and full of joy . 
 `` i love you , too , '' i finally managed to whisper . 
 he chuckled and kissed the tip of my nose . 
 `` i 'll be right back , '' he said , reaching for the car door . 
 `` can i leave a note for them ? 
 i do n't want anything to happen to dean and matt . '' 
 `` i never really got the details . 
 it was a top secret mission . 
 you were supposed to guard someone important in january . 
 no one would tell me anything else . 
 i guess , just tell them to expect the worst on the missions in january . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 i had dug for more , but it was still classified top secret . 
 part of the pain of his death was not knowing anything about it . 
 he nodded gravely . 
 `` i love you , '' he said one last time before opening the door . 
 `` i love you , '' i said as he stood up and closed the car door . 
 i watched him walk back onto the base and leaned back in my chair to wait for his return . 
 *** the next ten minutes were the longest of my life . 
 my brain went through every possible scenario as i waited for him to return . 
 he changed his mind . 
 he was really just seeing if i had somehow gotten top secret info and is actually telling his commander . 
 he ran into dean and matt , and they convinced him to stay . 
 he fell and broke his leg walking in to get his stuff . 
 i almost drove the car to the gate at least five times before looking at my watch and telling myself that i just needed to give him time . 
 logically , i knew that he needed more than thirty seconds to walk to his room and gather his things , but every second that passed just made me more nervous . 
 i was terrified that he was going to change his mind or get caught . 
 we were so close to being together that every minute spent waiting was torture . 
 my foot tapped restlessly against the floor of the car until i finally saw him emerge from the gate . 
 he had his green duffel-bag slung over his shoulder and a broad grin plastered across his face . 
 i popped the trunk and he tossed his bag inside . 
 tony opened the door and immediately kissed me . 
 i could smell the heat of the sun on him from walking back and forth . 
 it was like he brought heaven with him . 
 `` i told them i was going to go spend some time with my girl , '' he said with a wink . 
 `` no one will look for me for at least a day . '' 
 `` then it 's a good thing that we can get to the mexican border in just a couple of hours , '' i replied and put the car in reverse . 
 `` then start driving , ladybug . '' 
 he leaned back in his chair , getting comfortable . 
 he grinned at me . 
 `` i 'm looking forward to some authentic tacos . '' 
 chapter 14 august 2 , 1990 for the second time a little over three hours later , i pulled the car into a small motel a few miles away from the mexican border . 
 we were safe . 
 tony was safe . 
 i pulled out my wallet and carefully counted out the money we would need for the night . 
 `` well , i hate to tell you this , but i kind of wish i had n't given the gate guard all his money back . 
 what are we going to do for money ? '' 
 tony asked , watching me count the bills . 
 a hint of worry crossed his face . 
 `` i do n't exactly have a lot of marketable skills , and my spanish is a little rusty . '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` i 'm from the future remember ? '' 
 he frowned and i grinned wider . 
 `` it will be tight for a little bit , but i know the big , upcoming sports upsets . '' 
 i tucked my wallet back in my pocket . 
 `` with that money , my savings , and a small inheritance i will receive next year , we will invest in some companies . 
 apple and microsoft for now , and then later on , google and amazon . '' 
 `` amazon and google ? 
 what kind of businesses are those ? '' 
 tony asked , his eyebrows raised as we got out of the car . 
 he stretched his arms up over his head , the talons of the eagle peeking out from under the plain civilian shirt he had changed into . 
 it was the red shirt i had met him at in the bar . 
 in fact , i was pretty sure it was the same entire outfit . 
 it looked so damn good on him , i could n't wait to get to the room . 
 `` they 're huge international companies that will make us billionaires . 
 there 's going to be something called the dot-com boom , and we are going to ride it like a money wave , '' i explained . 
 `` plus , i have the benefit of knowing what companies are going to be successful as well as upcoming world events . '' 
 `` you said billionaires , right ? '' 
 tony asked . 
 `` with a b ? '' 
 `` yup , '' i replied , laughing at the look on his face . 
 `` definitely with a b. got ta dream big , right ? '' 
 i left him standing in the parking lot with his mouth hanging open as i went to go pay for our room . 
 i unlocked the door to our room and peered inside . 
 it was small , but clean . 
 it was a good place to start our future together on the run . 
 `` wait a second , '' tony said , catching my arm before i could step into the room . 
 `` we might as well do this right . '' 
 i frowned slightly and then shrieked with delight as he picked me up into his arms and carried me over the threshold as if i were weightless . 
 `` i thought that was just for newlyweds , '' i said as he closed the door , still holding me in his arms . 
 he nuzzled my neck , his lips sending shivers of desire down my spine . 
 `` i guess i 'm just getting ahead of myself , '' he said quietly . 
 `` would you marry me ? '' 
 he pulled back and looked at me . 
 his brown eyes were warm and full of want . 
 being held by him made my mouth water , and his question made my heart skip a beat . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 i meant to shout it , but my voice came out as a whisper . 
 it was all i had ever wanted since i met him . 
 he was my perfect partner , my soul mate . 
 `` a million times yes ! '' 
 he chuckled and set me on the bed . 
 with gentle fingers , tony slid the strap of my shirt off my shoulder . 
 i felt goosebumps cascade down my arm , the fires of desire starting to burn within me . 
 he chuckled and set me on the bed . 
 i quickly kicked off my shoes and socks , tossing them across the room . 
 tony laughed and did the same . 
 with gentle fingers , tony slid the strap of my shirt off my shoulder . 
 i felt goosebumps cascade down my arm , the fires of desire starting to burn within me . 
 he nipped gently at my skin , kissing his way down the bare flesh of my arm . 
 with a surprising speed , he reached down and pulled the tank-top up and over my head . 
 i shook my hair free , looking up at him . 
 he stepped back , his pupils dilating as he took me in . 
 `` you are so beautiful , ladybug . '' 
 his words were quiet , almost as if he had meant to think them but had spoken them instead . 
 a rush of adrenaline went through me as he looked his fill . 
 his entire expression was one of pure , raw desire . 
 i looked pointedly at his shirt , and he grinned . 
 taking the bottom hem in his fists , he twisted the red fabric up and over his head to reveal his torso . 
 he was all hard planes and muscle . 
 and it was n't just his muscles that were hard . 
 his jeans were nearly bursting with his excitement . 
 i licked my lips , wanting to taste his body . 
 everything about him was sexy and my body was calling out for his . 
 something deep inside of me was screaming to have him . 
 `` do n't tease . '' 
 tony 's voice was low and full of masculine need . 
 it sent thrills through me . 
 `` who says i 'm teasing ? '' 
 i replied , slithering off the bed and onto my knees in front of him . 
 my fingers traced the strong v-shape peeking out of the top of his jeans . 
 his skin was smooth but the muscles taught and hard . 
 i undid his belt buckle and slowly undid the the button and zipper . 
 i took my time , letting the anticipation build . 
 he let out a low groan as i pulled his pants free . 
 i caressed the bulge in his boxers , watching the muscles of his stomach tighten . 
 he put his hands in my hair . 
 i looked up as i slid the cotton boxers down . 
 his eyes burned with desire as they watched my every move . 
 i pushed his clothing down to his ankles and he kicked them to the side , his eyes never leaving mine . 
 `` now i 've got to show you what else i learned in the future . '' 
 i kissed the tip of his very impressive erection and grinned up at him . 
 i slid one finger down the length of his shaft , making his low reply unintelligible . 
 i grabbed his h * ps and pushed him back onto the bed . 
 he landed with an ungraceful bounce , but he propped himself up on his elbows . 
 i relished the sight of him , waiting on the bed for me . 
 every muscle taut and ready . 
 the fires deep in my core roared at the sight of him . 
 i could look at his body all day . 
 an impish grin settled on his face as he watched me bend down to take him . 
 i wrapped my fingers around the base of his silky length , sliding them up and down . 
 with a delicate lick from base to tip , i tasted him . 
 he groaned , throwing his head back and arching his h * ps to meet me . 
 i did it again , this time stopping at the top to take him into my mouth . 
 he shuddered and tangled his fingers in my hair , guiding me up and down . 
 he hardened further in my mouth . 
 i wanted him so badly , i could barely stand it . 
 with a gentle tug , he pulled my hair , pulling me up and looking into my eyes . 
 he sat up , the muscles in his abs crunching . 
 `` so , you think you 're the only one with something to show ? '' 
 he asked . 
 that naughty smile was back on his face , making me all kinds of hot and bothered . 
 he stood , taking my hands in his and pulling me up with him . 
 i reached behind me and unclasped my bra , letting it fall to the floor . 
 his brown eyes filled with hunger and want . 
 with a gentle hand , he traced my bare spine , leaving a trail of fire that burned straight south . 
 i wanted his fingers to touch me like that everywhere . 
 he leaned forward , kissing the sweet spot just between my jaw and throat . 
 i gasped , arching my neck to give him better access . 
 his hands caressed the swell of my br ** sts , down to my h * ps and to the front of my jeans . 
 he fumbled with them , kissing my neck . 
 after letting him try to free me from my clothing with no success , i reached down and undid them myself . 
 `` i got it , '' i whispered , slithering out of my pants with a smile . 
 `` what ? 
 they 're hard , '' he whispered , sliding his muscled thigh between mine . 
 his erection pushed at my panties , seeking entrance . 
 `` i know something else that 's hard , '' i whispered back . 
 the vibrations of his throaty chuckle tickled my skin as he continued to kiss my neck . 
 `` your turn , '' he said , picking me up and setting me on the edge of the bed . 
 my knees hung over the side and he wedged his broad shoulders between my thighs . 
 his breath was warm against my secret places . 
 he started to tease me , using his fingers and then his lips , his tongue , and even his teeth . 
 every touch sent a surge of heat coursing through my body . 
 i contorted and arched my h * ps to give him access , wordlessly begging for more . 
 he murmured his approval , humming into me . 
 i could feel my bones melting as he caressed me , drawing me to more pleasure than i could stand . 
 my toes started to curl and my mind turned into a wheel of spinning colors . 
 i heard my voice cry out his name , but i was too enraptured to realize i had even opened my mouth . 
 i writhed mindlessly into him , seeking out his touch . 
 i lay awash in pleasure , barely hearing him stand and the jingle of his jeans . 
 i made out the crinkle of a wrapper and recognized the square shape of a condom . 
 he began to unwrap it , but i managed to gasp `` stop ! '' 
 he paused . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i smiled at him wryly . 
 `` you wo n't need that . '' 
 he looked confused . 
 `` i thought you did n't want to get pregnant . '' 
 `` i 'm leaving my entire life behind to start a family with you . 
 i 've been waiting for you since the day you died . 
 please . '' 
 i had never been closer to a man than in this moment . 
 i needed him inside me . 
 he got on top of me and pressed against me . 
 at first , it was just the tip , as if asking for permission to enter . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 he asked . 
 always the gentleman , giving me one last chance to change my mind . 
 `` please ... '' i panted . 
 every nerve was afire with need . 
 i wanted him more than i needed to breathe . 
 i needed him more than oxygen . 
 he filled me , pushing ever deeper inside of me . 
 i cried out his name again , digging my nails into his back as he took me . 
 we were complete like this . 
 his hands were everywhere on my skin , touching and caressing . 
 i ran my hands through his hair , arching my h * ps to meet his . 
 he brought his head to mine , and his mouth covered mine with a ferocity and sweetness that made me weak in the knees . 
 our bodies entwined , legs tangling as we filled and completed one another . 
 his every movement sent wave after wave of delight coursing through me . 
 i did n't think it was possible , but my body was tightening , clenching down against him again . 
 just the sensation of being one with him was threatening to send me over the edge into glorious oblivion . 
 his movements were quickening , his thrust gaining a new urgency . 
 i wanted him so badly that i knew i would go insane if it continued for much longer . 
 he buried his face into the crook of my neck , his breath hot and fast . 
 i could feel him going faster and faster , and his c ** k was hitting me at just the right angle . 
 i felt him begin to thrust frantically . 
 `` yes , '' i moaned . 
 `` come inside me . '' 
 i wanted it so badly that i felt my own eyes roll back into my head . 
 as he cried out , i could feel the warmth of his seed as it filled my body . 
 his orgasm flowed from his body into mine , and my entire being began to quiver with delight . 
 i could feel his entire body shudder as he came , filling me completely . 
 he pumped for a moment longer , than slowed to a stop inside of me . 
 together we lay on the bed , gasping and panting . 
 our legs were tangled together , our bodies slick with sweat . 
 i never wanted him to part from me . 
 i wanted to hold this moment in time forever . 
 i held him to me , his face still in my neck and his breathing ragged . 
 he lifted his head and kissed me gently on the forehead . 
 the action was somehow more intimate and tender than a kiss on the lips . 
 i loved him more than i could ever express . 
 `` i love you , ladybug . '' 
 the words were music to my ears . 
 i did n't even answer back , i just lay there and moaned softly . 
 nothing would ever be able to wipe the smile from my face . 
 he slowly disentangled himself , sliding out of my arms and onto the floor . 
 `` do n't go anywhere , '' he said softly as he turned and padded into the bathroom . 
 `` i do n't think i could move if i tried , '' i answered , lifting my head to watch his perfect ass . 
 i was already wanting him again . 
 `` you turned all my bones to happy jelly . '' 
 `` happy jelly ? '' 
 he repeated , returning to the bed with a warm washcloth for me . 
 `` yup . '' 
 i looked up at him , basking in his soft smile . 
 he was so incredibly handsome . 
 `` you took away my ability to speak . 
 just be glad i 'm able to remember how to breathe at this point . '' 
 i cleaned myself up and chucked the washcloth at the bathroom door . 
 he joined me on the bed , pulling the two of us up to the pillows . 
 the room was hot from our activities so i did n't need a blanket . 
 he was warmer than a blanket anyway . 
 i cuddled into the nook of his shoulder , feeling his heart pound against my cheek . 
 the fact that he was still breathing hard , still excited , was a huge turn on . 
 it must have been good for him too . 
 i could barely believe this was real . 
 tony and i were going to be married . 
 we were going to be together , and the best part was that he was going to live . 
 `` what other wonderful things are going to happen in the future ? '' 
 tony asked , his hand stroking my arm as we cuddled , our bodies touching at every possible junction . 
 `` you would n't believe me if i told you , '' i said , thinking about the internet and smart phones . 
 `` but , with you , everything is going to be better . '' 
 he kissed the top of my head , smoothing my mussed hair with his fingers when he finished . 
 `` if it gets better than this , then i have died and gone to heaven . '' 
 `` no dying required this time , '' i said softly . 
 `` you 're right , '' he agreed , his breathing slowing as he drifted off to sleep . 
 `` this time , i get to bring heaven to you . '' 
 i smiled . 
 he was right . 
 this was heaven . 
 epilogue present day for the second time i pick up the mail and recognize one of the envelopes . 
 it 's an invitation to my friend rachel 's wedding . 
 i ca n't believe that it 's already been twenty years . 
 twenty wonderful , perfect years . 
 i say a silent thank you to diana and fountain as i walk inside . 
 `` anything good in the mail ? '' 
 my husband asks as i walk into the living room . 
 he 's still as handsome to me as the day we ran away together . 
 maybe even more . 
 he has aged like a fine wine , and i find the gray in his hair sexy as hell . 
 it makes him look distinguished . 
 `` it 's an invitation to rachel and dean 's wedding . '' 
 i hand him the envelope . 
 `` did you go last time ? '' 
 he asks , breaking the seal . 
 i shake my head no . 
 `` i never even sent the rsvp . '' 
 `` well , you probably should this time , '' he tells me with a gentle smile . 
 i stick my tongue out at him . 
 `` hmmm , it 's in the states . 
 you can go if you want . '' 
 i snuggle next to him on the couch and look at the invitation . 
 `` nah , we can just send a nice gift . 
 weddings are no fun without you . '' 
 he kisses my head , and i lean against his shoulder . 
 this is the life i had wanted . 
 this was the life i wanted to share with him from the moment i met him . 
 even though it was n't quite what most people might imagine , it is perfect for us . 
 we have a beautiful house in costa rica , and even though my tony can never return to the united states , we have everything we could ever want . 
 `` i was afraid i was going to ruin their story by changing ours , '' i say quietly . 
 to this day , i still take diana 's warning about changing time seriously . 
 `` i 'm glad they still found each other . '' 
 tony squeezes me closer to him . 
 he 's still as strong as when we first met . 
 he smiles at the invitation , his eyes going distant as he remembers . 
 `` do you remember how nervous i was at our wedding ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i laugh . 
 `` you almost said the wrong words ! '' 
 i tease him . 
 i 've never let him live it down . 
 it had been terribly beautiful and sweet to see him so nervous . 
 it was rare to ever see him even bat an eyelash at things that would send most people screaming . 
 `` you were so gorgeous i could n't think straight ! '' 
 he responds , laughing gently . 
 `` i forgot half of what i wanted to say because i could n't stop staring . 
 you still do that to me , you know . '' 
 i blush . 
 `` would you still marry me again ? '' 
 `` in a heartbeat , ladybug , '' he says without hesitation , and i know he means it . 
 he means it every time . 
 `` you 'd still run away with me ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` in two heartbeats , '' he says . 
 i smack his chest playfully . 
 `` two ? '' 
 `` it was a little rough leaving everything . 
 having you know the future is creepy sometimes , but , '' he stops and takes my chin in his fingers , letting me lose myself in his eyes , `` totally worth it . '' 
 `` i do n't know the future anymore , '' i tell him . 
 `` this is as far as i got . '' 
 i 'm reminded of that fact when i look at my latest painting , now hanging on the mantle . 
 it 's a painting i started twenty years ago , when i was the same age i am now . 
 it 's made of warm browns and honey sunlight , like walking in a sunlit forest . 
 i look over and see those same colors - my husband 's eyes . 
 while the painting had seemed incomplete in my previous life , it 's definitely perfect now . 
 `` then we get to explore the future together , ladybug . '' 
 he kisses my nose . 
 `` hey , mom ? '' 
 our teenage son thunders down the stairs . 
 he has his father 's smile . 
 `` any mail for me ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` not yet . 
 you just sent those college applications off two days ago , marco . '' 
 `` i know , '' marco says , rolling his eyes as only a teenager can . 
 `` i 'm just excited . 
 anna says she wants to go look at the university with me . '' 
 `` right , '' tony says sarcastically . 
 `` just what i want . 
 my sixteen-year-old daughter on a college campus . '' 
 i laugh and squeeze his hand . 
 i 've loved watching with tony as our children have grow up . 
 he 's been the best father i could imagine . 
 i kiss tony 's cheek and marco makes a face like he 's going to be sick . 
 `` get a room , '' marco tells us , heading to the kitchen . 
 `` we have several , '' tony shouts back . 
 `` this one is the living room . '' 
 we laugh at the joke that only parents would find funny . 
 marco ignores us . 
 tony 's laugh turns into just a smile . 
 `` we have a good life here , '' he says , his voice deep and rich . 
 i nod . 
 `` that we do . '' 
 i turn to face him , looking at his handsome face that i love so much . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're here for it . '' 
 `` me too , '' he whispers . 
 `` i love you , kimberly . '' 
 `` i love you , tony . '' 
 i lose myself in those warm eyes . 
 `` i have loved you for two lifetimes , and i 'm never going to stop . '' 
 i lean in and kiss him , feeling his lips meet mine . 
 this is how the world is supposed to be . 
 this is how our lives are supposed to be . 
 he is mine and i am his , forever and always . 
