 chapter 1 i looked up from my book and took in a big breath of fresh sea air . 
 this was what a vacation was supposed to look like . 
 white sand turned into pale blue water that slowly darkened as it stretched out toward the horizon . 
 a tiny sailboat floated across the view , its yellow sails bright and cheerful against the sky . 
 behind me , green palms fluttered in the warm breeze . 
 i took a sip of the latest concoction from the bar and then set it down in the sand beside me . 
 it was sweet with some sort of fruit juice and had a giant paper umbrella sticking out of the top . 
 i closed my eyes , letting the warm sun shine down on me for a moment before starting the next chapter . 
 this was so much better than my normal novembers in chicago . 
 a girl could get used to tropical vacations like this . 
 i heard the soft sound of feet on sand and i turned to see two of my favorite people walking toward me . 
 i grinned and sat up on the edge of my lounge chair and waved to my best friend and her son . 
 maddy walked slowly , trying , and from the irritated look on her face , failing to keep sand out of the walking boot wrapped around her foot . 
 tyler , her eleven-year-old son , grinned and hurried over , leaving his mother behind . 
 `` hi , aunt olivia , '' he greeted me enthusiastically as he stopped next to my chair . 
 i could n't help but smile back at him . 
 it was the first time in weeks that i had seen him legitimately happy . 
 he was having a rough time making friends in a new school and transitioning to a single-parent household . 
 i had hoped bringing him on vacation would help raise his spirits , and judging by the grin on his face , it was working . 
 `` hey , tyler , '' i replied . 
 i loved that he called me aunt even though we were n't really related . 
 his mother and i worked closely together , and he had decided i deserved the aunt moniker the first day we met . 
 i did n't have any siblings , so the possibility of me being a real aunt anytime soon was zilch . 
 i loved tyler like he was my own . 
 `` you having fun ? '' 
 `` this resort is amazing . 
 did you know there 's a free bowling alley ? 
 and pizza is served all day ? '' 
 tyler ran a clumsy hand through his disheveled brown hair and grinned . 
 his arms were too long for his body since he was in the middle of yet another growth spurt . 
 `` we 're still on for jet-skis in an hour , right ? '' 
 `` of course ! 
 i promised , did n't i ? '' 
 i responded , scooting over on my lounge chair to make space for maddy . 
 she sat down gratefully , stretching the awkward black cast out in front of her . 
 `` i really appreciate you taking him , liv , '' maddy said once tyler finished making an overzealous gesture of excitement . 
 `` i feel awful that i ca n't do it . 
 stupid ice . '' 
 she glared down at the boot as if the inanimate object could feel shame . 
 she had slipped on some ice outside our office two days before the trip and had broken her foot . 
 the doctor had given her a walking boot , so at least she was slightly more mobile and able to enjoy our trip . 
 she was being a good sport about it , but she was obviously not terribly comfortable . 
 `` maddy , you know i 'm more than happy to do it . 
 i just wish you could come with us ! '' 
 i put my hand on her shoulder and she shrugged . 
 i winked at tyler and told his mother , `` i promise to do as many dangerous things as possible . 
 i 'm expecting broken bones , but we 'll have a great time . '' 
 maddy shot me a dirty look and tyler laughed . 
 `` i know where you sleep , '' she threatened . 
 `` and i know all the things that scare you . '' 
 i laughed . 
 maddy was only joking . 
 well , mostly joking . 
 she was very protective of her son , especially since the divorce . 
 i had no doubt that if i brought him back injured , i would have matching injuries within the hour . 
 `` can we go over to the jet-skis now ? '' 
 tyler asked , his eyes dancing with excitement . 
 `` i already have my swimsuit on and i 'm ready . '' 
 `` i have to go check my email first . 
 and change . '' 
 i answered . 
 tyler frowned and i held up my hands to block his accusing look . 
 `` hey , someone has to work to get us these lavish vacations . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 tyler crossed his arms and tried to pout , but he was still too eager about the upcoming jet-ski adventure to make it convincing . 
 `` that reminds me , i have the waivers for you in our room . 
 i 'll go get them , '' maddy said as i rose to collect my things . 
 i eyed her cast and raised my eyebrows at her . 
 the doctor had said to try and stay off her foot as much as possible . 
 `` can tyler get them ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 maddy gave a soft sigh of frustration . 
 she 'd had the cast for three days and was already tired of being babied because of her foot . 
 `` not if you want them signed . '' 
 `` can i wait for aunt liv by the dock , then ? '' 
 tyler asked , bouncing on his toes and looking past us down the beach . 
 i could just make out the dock where we were supposed to get our jet-skis with a small storage shed next to it . 
 eagerness and excitement radiated off of tyler as though he were a small sun of anticipation . 
 his mom looked at him for a moment , considering the idea , and then nodded . 
 the resort was small with good security . 
 he would be safe waiting for me there . 
 `` all right , but you stay out of the water until olivia gets there . '' 
 she paused with a stern face until tyler enthusiastically agreed . 
 she smiled at his back as he took off down the beach to go look at the jet-skis . 
 `` he is so excited about this . 
 thank you , again . 
 i 'll go get the waivers and meet you at your room . '' 
 i pointedly looked at her cast . 
 `` and then ? '' 
 maddy rolled her eyes . 
 `` and then i 'll stay off it . 
 go get a massage or something . '' 
 i held my hand out to help her up . 
 she was only about seven years older than i was , but i still needed to use a fair amount of strength to get her to stand . 
 she looked tired , so i was glad i could get her energetic son out of her hair for a while . 
 being a single mother , even with a fairly self-sufficient kid , was not an easy thing , especially when trying to keep up with him on a broken foot . 
 we walked slowly through the elaborate lobby of island oasis resort until we reached the elevator to our rooms . 
 i was on the third floor while she was on the second . 
 there were only thirty rooms in the entire resort , making it small and cozy . 
 the goal of the resort was to not only be an exclusive luxury destination , but also to be one of the most ecologically friendly hotels in the world . 
 it was the newest line from diamond hotels , and island oasis resort was to be their flagship hotel . 
 once inside my room , i opened up my laptop and let it power on as i stripped and changed into a full-piece swimsuit and board shorts . 
 i logged in and started going through my daily assault of emails . 
 despite considering this trip to be a vacation , i was really here on business . 
 this was a working trip . 
 my room was one of the premier suites , which made sense because the resort was trying to woo me . 
 the resort officially opened in december , but they had invited several travel companies for a free weekend retreat in order to promote it . 
 i had a large bedroom with a massive king-sized bed , as well as a reception area with a large desk where i could work . 
 they had even provided me with everything i would need to work while on the island . 
 a top-of-the-line printer/fax machine rested on a small , wheeled table with a full collection of office supplies next to the desk . 
 island oasis resort was courting my travel company , dream vacations . 
 my business was arranging personalized vacations and specialty travel . 
 we offered all the convenience and discounts of the big website travel agencies , but with the personal touches only a person could give . 
 in two years of business , i now had six consultants working from home full time , a tech guy , an accountant , two office employees and maddy . 
 and the best part , the part that i was most proud of , was that my business was rated by forbes as one of the fastest-growing companies to keep an eye on . 
 my main competition had thought we would n't make a dime , so i 'd say we were n't doing too badly . 
 it had n't been easy . 
 i had gotten off to a very rocky start , no thanks to a certain businessman named logan hayes , but once maddy had joined me , the business took off . 
 it was a dream come true . 
 i had put my heart and soul into the company , and my success reflected my desire to see it succeed . 
 a knock on the door drew my attention , and i left the last email unopened to go see who was there . 
 i was n't expecting anyone but maddy . 
 waiting politely at the door was a man in the crisp , blue hotel uniform . 
 `` ms. olivia statler ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i nodded and he handed me a white envelope . 
 i thanked him and he nodded respectfully before turning back down the hallway . 
 the envelope was made of expensive-looking white paper and felt heavy enough to hold something important . 
 i left the door open a crack so maddy could walk directly in , and carefully undid the seal of the envelope . 
 my location was n't a secret , but i certainly was n't expecting any mail to be delivered here . 
 dear ms. statler , while we are not willing to negotiate control of the company , travel , inc. is willing to increase our original offer by 10 % . 
 travel , inc. would , of course , have sole ownership . 
 acquiring your business is something we are very interested in ... when i scanned quickly to the bottom of the letter to see the signature of logan hayes , my blood started to boil . 
 logan hayes . 
 my hand clenched around the letter , crumpling it into a ball . 
 i hated that man . 
 no , `` hate '' was n't a strong enough word . 
 i despised him with every fiber of my being . 
 not only had he led me on romantically , but he was responsible for almost destroying my company . 
 his company , travel , inc. , was the biggest online travel company in the world . 
 his father was the ceo , but he and his brother were the guys who really ran it . 
 there had been negotiations to purchase my company when i was first starting out , and logan had seemed incredibly interested . 
 however , he had quickly shown his true colors . 
 logan hayes was the scum of the earth . 
 the letter was just the latest in a series of offers to acquire dream vacations . 
 now that my business was actually successful , they wanted it . 
 travel , inc. 's initial rejection had nearly destroyed me when i was low on start-up capital . 
 they had left me to dangle and struggle while making it impossible for me to find other investors . 
 but i had survived , and now that dream vacations was successful , travel , inc. wanted it again . 
 this latest offer was tempting , but there was no way i would ever let logan hayes or his family anywhere near my business . 
 i would rather let it burn in a fiery blaze than sell it to him . 
 not that it was going to . 
 dream vacations was doing better than i could have imagined . 
 we were turning profits that made my previous salaries look like play money . 
 plus , i loved having the freedom of running my own company . 
 the decisions were all mine to make . 
 i did n't have to answer to anyone , except occasionally maddy . 
 if i did n't like the way things were being done , i had the power to change them . 
 taking the offer from travel , inc. would make me very , very wealthy , but i would lose the freedom that i loved . 
 this company was my life . 
 it would n't go up for sale no matter how much they promised . 
 i was about to throw the crumpled offer into the trash when i decided that simply tossing it was n't enough . 
 i sat down at the desk and began ripping it into tiny pieces and putting them in a return envelope . 
 i did n't stop when maddy knocked and then let herself in . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 she asked , coming over to the desk . 
 `` another offer from travel , inc. , '' i answered and put the last piece of the offer in the envelope . 
 `` are you accepting it ? '' 
 she sounded shocked . 
 she had been there for the aftermath of my association with logan hayes and travel , inc. . 
 besides that , she technically owned part of the company and would have to agree to it as well . 
 i blew my nose and then stuffed the used tissue in the envelope before sealing it . 
 i held it up to hand it off to maddy . 
 `` you know i 'm not mailing that , right ? 
 that 's gross . '' 
 maddy gave me one of those disgusted , disapproving looks that only a mother can give . 
 she did not take the envelope . 
 `` you 're right . 
 it 's terribly unprofessional , '' i conceded with a sigh , setting the letter on the desk . 
 `` and besides , it just is n't enough to convey just how certainly he is not getting my company . '' 
 after what he had done to my company two years ago , a snot-filled envelope was more than he deserved . 
 chapter 2 two years earlier ... -------- i took a deep breath , smoothed the front of my skirt , and stepped into the office of travel , inc. 's chief operation officer . 
 if this worked , i would have the funding and connections to make my dreams a reality . 
 i was going to do the job i wanted , instead of the job i hated . 
 if this meeting went well , travel , inc. would add dream vacations ' services to their already massive empire . 
 i would have all the resources of the biggest travel website to make my concierge travel planning the best it could possibly be . 
 the last two months of my life i had dedicated to getting my business up and running . 
 the computer program that was the heart of dream vacations had been a pet project of mine over the past year and a half , and now i was finally ready to use it . 
 i had waltzed out of my terrible computer programming job the minute i had finished it with a smile on my face . 
 i now had the website , the business plan , and the connections , but i needed more funding . 
 advertisements were expensive , and concierge travel planning was n't something that the average person considered within their budget . 
 i wanted to change that mindset , but i needed advertisements to do so . 
 word of mouth was helping , but i needed access to a bigger market . 
 i had used up all my savings and was in limbo for a business loan . 
 with their resources , travel , inc. could change everything . 
 if they decided to purchase either my program or my entire business , i would be a winner . 
 the corner office was large and ornate . 
 it was bigger and nicer than my apartment . 
 floor-to-ceiling windows overlooked the city with a large desk in the center that probably cost more than my car . 
 a handsome man reclined in the plush leather chair behind the shiny desk . 
 i did a double take as i came in . 
 i had seen logan hayes in pictures , but he was even cuter in person . 
 he ran a hand through his messy , honey-colored hair and smiled . 
 i had the sudden wish to tangle my fingers in those short , loose curls . 
 `` it 's a pleasure to meet you , olivia , '' he greeted me , rising to shake my hand . 
 a tingle went up my arm as his hand squeezed mine . 
 he gestured to one of the two chairs opposite his desk . 
 `` please , have a seat . '' 
 `` it 's very nice to meet you as well , mr. hayes , '' i replied . 
 my voice only shook at the first word , but i hoped he had n't noticed . 
 i sat nervously , smoothing my non-wrinkled skirt again before setting a copy of my proposal on the desk . 
 despite my best intentions , i had already crinkled the edges with my nervous grip . 
 `` call me logan , please . 
 i 've been over your proposal , and i love the concept . 
 there 's a couple of things that would need to be changed , but overall , i really think the concept is amazing . '' 
 he leaned back in his chair and watched my reaction . 
 his eyes were warm , chocolate-caramel pools that seemed to absorb me . 
 being the sole object of his attention was distracting enough to make me forget how to breathe . 
 i wondered if all his clients felt this way in his presence . 
 `` thank you , sir , '' i finally sputtered . 
 `` i 've worked really hard on it . 
 having the resources of travel , inc. would make it exponentially easier , and far more viable . '' 
 his lips perked up in a small smile at my nervousness . 
 i hoped he found it endearing , because i was having a hard time concentrating with his eyes on me . 
 it did n't help that he was exactly my type . 
 `` i agree , '' he said , leaning forward and putting his elbows on the desk . 
 `` what are you hoping to get out of this meeting ? '' 
 my lips suddenly felt very dry and i had to fight the urge to lick them . 
 `` honestly ? 
 i would love it if you decided to purchase my company and let me run it under travel , inc. 's banner . 
 a big sticking point for me here is that i get to continue to work with this . 
 i have put my heart and soul into this program and the business . 
 i wo n't sell it just to walk away . '' 
 `` it 's your baby . 
 i can understand that , '' he said , sitting back in his chair again . 
 he looked thoughtful for a moment as a small smile crept onto his face . 
 he was wearing an unbuttoned , light gray suit jacket . 
 it accented the width of his shoulders and the lean build of muscle underneath the fabric . 
 he belonged in a magazine . 
 `` i have a couple of questions about your business before i bring the proposal to my father , '' he said , never taking those delicious brown eyes off me . 
 `` your father ? '' 
 i frowned slightly . 
 i was under the impression he was in charge . 
 he pointed to the name plate on the edge of his desk . 
 logan hayes , senior coo . 
 `` i 'm just the coo . 
 my father is the official ceo of the company . 
 a transaction like this will require his approval , so i want to make sure i present it accurately , '' he explained . 
 `` i really think that your company will be a major asset , and i want to present it as such . '' 
 i nodded , wiping my sweaty hands on my skirt . 
 `` okay . 
 do you think he 'll like it ? '' 
 logan grinned . 
 `` i would n't bring it to him if i did n't . '' 
 his smile made my insides heat . 
 he had to be the company 's secret weapon for negotiations . 
 when he looked at me , i felt like i was the center of his world . 
 i was the only thing that mattered with those dark brown eyes absorbing me . 
 i could stay in those eyes forever , basking in his attention . 
 i could already feel myself falling head-over-heels for him , which was ridiculous . 
 he would n't be interested in me . 
 this was a business tactic to warm me up to his negotiations . 
 i merely represented a small company asking to become part of travel , inc. 's empire . 
 i could only imagine the level of charm he probably bestowed upon bigger-name clients . 
 `` i do have to ask something , though , '' he said . 
 `` do you have any other investors who will complicate a transition to travel , inc. ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` not currently . 
 there are a couple of other companies that i have met with , much like this one , but no forms have been signed yet . '' 
 i did n't tell him just how interested a couple of them really had been . 
 i had two other companies completely ready to combine my business with theirs , but travel , inc. 's budget blew all of them out of the water . 
 the business prospects of joining with the biggest travel company in the world were the best i could hope for at this point . 
 logan and travel , inc. were the ones i wanted . 
 `` that 's good to hear . '' 
 his smiled widened , and my heartbeat sped up . 
 i could n't imagine a sexier smile than the one lighting up his face . 
 he played with a pen on his desk , his eyes never leaving mine . 
 `` if you want to continue to be a part of this project , i have some ideas for improvement , if you have the time . '' 
 `` that would be wonderful , '' i gushed . 
 `` i 'd love to hear your thoughts , and i have some plans that i think travel , inc. would really benefit from . '' 
 i 'd have rescheduled a date with brad pitt for this opportunity . 
 one of the most successful men in business , specifically my field , was offering to go over ideas for improvement . 
 not to mention the effect he was having on my pulse . 
 i would n't have missed this for the world . 
 he chuckled softly and pressed a key on the phone resting on his desk . 
 `` virginia , hold my calls . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' a voice replied through the intercom . 
 logan stood and straightened his jacket as he came around the desk . 
 he sat in the chair next to me , and my heart rate shot up again . 
 by the end of this meeting , i would have had my cardio for the day `` it 's easier to talk to you over here . 
 the desk just gets in the way , '' he explained nonchalantly . 
 i nodded nervously . 
 our knees were almost touching here . 
 my mind was imagining all the wonderful things i wanted to do with him . 
 tangling my fingers in those honey curls . 
 the way those broad shoulders would look without clothes on . 
 the touch of his skin against mine . 
 `` right , '' i stuttered . 
 focus , i told myself . 
 he 's a billionaire . 
 he could have anyone . 
 he 's had supermodels . 
 he 's not interested in you . 
 this is just a business tactic . 
 flirting and charm were as deadly of weapons in the business world as swords and arrows . 
 he smiled again , and those brown eyes threatened to swallow me whole . 
 `` so , how do you plan on keeping work hours down ? 
 personalizing someone 's travel is difficult and time-consuming . '' 
 `` i have a form for prospective clients to fill out . 
 i then run it through a computer program that i created specifically with travel customization in mind . 
 the program is actually the basis for my company . 
 using the customer entries , user ratings , pricing , and some other variables , i created the program to come up with a number of basic vacation plans , '' i explained . 
 i tried not to blush when he nodded encouragingly . 
 `` then , with that base , it 's easy to customize the trip as needed . 
 most people actually want very similar vacations , so it 's not as much of a time sink as you might think . '' 
 `` i see , '' he said , nodding once more . 
 a curl fell across his forehead . 
 `` is the program 's vacation planning offered for free initially ? 
 or is there a cost involved ? '' 
 `` right now , i 'm offering it for free just to gain word of mouth . 
 i 'm working on a modified version that will allow very basic trip-planning services for free , with the option of upgrading to the better packages , '' i told him . 
 i loved talking about my company . 
 i 'd taken such a leap of faith to quit my day job and take this risk , but i was happier than i had been in months . 
 i knew success was within my grasp . 
 `` interesting , '' he said . 
 his knee bumped mine , and i felt an electric rush into my lower belly . 
 i wanted to brush that curl off his forehead so badly my fingers ached . 
 `` what else do you have in the works ? '' 
 i grinned and proceeded to explain my plans for the future . 
 logan listened attentively and asked questions that made me stop and think . 
 he was incredibly astute , and his business reputation was undeniably well deserved . 
 in the course of an hour , he had found several small flaws and offered solutions to problems i had n't foreseen in addition to ones i was struggling with . 
 `` that is the perfect solution , '' i said for the umpteenth time . 
 he saw the holes in my fledgling business with an eagle eye , pointing them out and helping me think of the solution . 
 i was in awe and completely crushing on him . 
 not only was he good-looking , smart , and rich-he was sweet too . 
 i never once felt he was picking on me ; rather , i felt he was going out of his way to help me . 
 the intercom buzzed , diverting his attention away from me . 
 he smiled apologetically and pressed the button . 
 `` i 'm very sorry , sir , but aiden hayes is here , '' the woman on the on the other end stated . 
 logan looked disappointed . 
 `` of course he is , '' he replied . 
 he let go of the button and sighed . 
 `` well , olivia , it was a pleasure meeting with you . '' 
 `` likewise , '' i said , rising from my seat . 
 my legs felt heavy . 
 i wondered just how long we had been sitting there . 
 the door to his office opened , and a slicker version of logan walked in . 
 he was just as tall with a similar build , but with a slightly leaner frame . 
 his hair was the same warm honey-gold color , but instead of logan 's wild curls , he had smoothed his back . 
 he looked richer , if that were possible . 
 `` logan , you missed the meeting , '' he said , giving me the once-over . 
 i smiled nervously , but his face stayed blank . 
 he turned to logan and gave him a look that i could n't read . 
 `` i 'm aware . '' 
 logan put his hand on my shoulder and walked me to the door of his office . 
 it was a sweet gesture , but his touch made my body sing with want . 
 i was dying for him to touch me all over . 
 he paused with his hand on the door . 
 `` perhaps we can get drinks later ? 
 i 'd love to continue our discussion . '' 
 i grinned , feeling a blush settle in my cheeks . 
 i felt like the captain of the football team had just asked me to homecoming . 
 `` that would be great . 
 you have my number on the proposal . '' 
 he beamed , letting go of my shoulder to shake my hand . 
 we both held it a second longer than was necessary . 
 i giggled as i realize neither of us had let go , then ducked out the door before i could embarrass myself further . 
 he could n't possibly be interested in me . 
 he just liked my business idea and was a natural flirt . 
 `` drinks , logan ? '' 
 i heard his brother through the door . 
 `` you never take clients out for drinks . '' 
 `` not now , aiden , '' came logan 's reply . 
 the secretary guarding his office was giving me the evil eye , so i stepped away from the door before i could hear more . 
 i could n't stop the grin from spreading across my face as i walked back to the elevator to get to the lobby . 
 i was going to have drinks with logan hayes tonight . 
 things were going better than i could have possibly hoped . 
 chapter 3 present day -------- maddy laughed and scooted the snot-filled envelope off my desk and into a trash can . 
 `` you have a pen ? '' 
 she asked , setting the unsigned waiver on the desk . 
 i fished her one out of a drawer and went to open the last email in my inbox . 
 it was my daily news and i nearly punched my laptop screen because of the headline article . 
 `` what ? '' 
 maddy asked as i made an angry growl at the offending article . 
 i turned the screen to face her . 
 logan hayes and his brother 's smiling faces filled the screen with the headline `` hayes family donates millions to mayoral candidate . '' 
 `` ah , logan hayes again . 
 he is a good-looking man , '' she said appreciatively , taking in the image . 
 i glared at her and she clarified , `` a jerk , but a handsome one . '' 
 she was , of course , right . 
 maddy was always right . 
 logan hayes was incredibly good-looking . 
 it was part of his charm . 
 he was tall with broad shoulders and an easy smile that was made to be photographed . 
 both he and his brother had short honey-colored curls ; logan 's were always messy while aiden 's tended to be slicked back and controlled . 
 they could have been movie stars with their looks . 
 and acting ability , i thought snidely to myself . 
 `` you are n't helping . '' 
 i glared at maddy as she continued to inspect the handsome men . 
 she just laughed and handed me the freshly-signed waiver . 
 the paper crinkled slightly in my hand ; seeing his picture was making my vision go red again and i was taking it out on another piece of paper . 
 `` you should get going . 
 tyler 's probably worn a hole down to china with his pacing . '' 
 she stopped looking at the evil photograph and went to the window , peering out at the ocean view like she might see tyler out there . 
 `` i really , really appreciate you taking him jet-skiing . 
 and for bringing him on this trip . 
 he 's been having a rough time , and he still has n't made any friends - '' `` maddy , '' i interrupted , standing up and putting a hand on her shoulder , `` i know . 
 i 'm really glad he could come with us . 
 he 's actually smiling and talking today . '' 
 `` is n't it great ? '' 
 she turned , hope in her eyes . 
 the past year had been hard on her and tyler . 
 things had gone downhill with her ex-husband , and she and tyler had been forced to move . 
 things at tyler 's new school were n't going well . 
 he was a shy , geeky eleven-year-old middle schooler in a new school system . 
 i had n't seen him smile like this in months . 
 `` we 're going to have a blast , '' i told maddy . 
 `` this whole week , we 're going to have a good time . 
 maybe with a little bit of sun and fun , he 'll go back happier and be able to make some friends . '' 
 `` i hope so . 
 he 's just lost all his confidence , you know ? '' 
 maddy peered out the window again , eyes going past the ocean and back to her problems at home . 
 `` i just worry about him . 
 i ca n't believe his father did this to us . 
 to him . '' 
 `` it 's not your fault , and tyler knows that . '' 
 i turned her to face me , giving her a version of the speech i gave her at home whenever she felt guilty about the divorce and her son . 
 `` tyler 's whole world just crumbled around him . 
 with his dad running off , the divorce , moving , and then just the fact that he 's eleven and in a new school , life is going to be rough . 
 but he 's going to be okay . 
 this trip-and getting to hang out with people who love him even when his voice cracks-is going to be good for him . '' 
 `` i just feel like a bad mom , '' maddy said quietly , not meeting my gaze . 
 my heart squeezed in my chest for my best friend . 
 `` you are anything but a bad mom , maddy . '' 
 i hugged her close . 
 `` you love your son . 
 you are doing everything you can to help him with this . 
 he 's a good kid . 
 he 'll make it through . 
 middle school is rough for just about everybody . '' 
 maddy hugged me back . 
 i could feel her pulling strength into herself again . 
 she never let tyler see this side of her . 
 only me . 
 she wanted to be strong for tyler , and i , in turn , was strong for her . 
 she let me go and made sure i had the waiver in my hand . 
 `` i feel better . 
 do you ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 and now that you 've managed to effectively distract me from my rage toward logan hayes , i 'm going to go meet your son , '' i said as she gave me a cheesy grin . 
 she had known i would comfort her and forget my anger . 
 she was such a mom . 
 i shook my head at her and smiled . 
 `` go get that massage . 
 my treat . '' 
 `` thanks , boss . 
 you two have fun . 
 and do n't let him show off too much , '' she warned , walking me to the door . 
 `` he 's a junior high school boy . 
 i do n't think that 's going to be possible , '' i responded , trying to keep a straight face as we stepped out into the hallway . 
 `` if there 's a cute girl on the beach , i 'm completely doomed . '' 
 maddy 's laugh echoed down the hall as i headed off toward the dock to meet tyler . 
 chapter 4 i walked quickly up the path to the dock where tyler was supposed to meet me . 
 he was standing patiently next to the storage shed , petting a dog and talking to a man whose back was to me . 
 i admired the back of the attractive male form for a moment , taking in the broad shoulders and muscled frame under a skintight rash guard shirt . 
 his board shorts were low slung and accentuated a perfect ass . 
 i hoped that this delightful male specimen would be joining us and that his front was as attractive as his back . 
 i could use a little vacation romance . 
 `` hey , tyler , '' i called out as i approached . 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 tyler raised his hand and grinned at me . 
 the man he was talking to turned around and i nearly ate asphalt as i momentarily forgot how to walk . 
 his front was as handsome as his back , all right . 
 but that was because he was also logan hayes . 
 `` olivia statler , '' he greeted me with a smile . 
 `` it 's a pleasure to see you again . '' 
 `` what the hell are you doing here ? '' 
 i sputtered , trying to keep my temper in check and mostly failing as i pretended i had n't just tripped . 
 i hoped neither of them noticed the bright red blush i could feel spreading across my cheeks . 
 i smiled and smoothly joined the two of them next to the shed . 
 despite my dislike and history with logan , i could be somewhat diplomatic . 
 hopefully . 
 `` aunt liv , logan is going jet-skiing too , '' tyler informed me . 
 he had apparently missed the venom in my voice toward logan , and was now smiling happily at the dog in front of him . 
 `` you are , are you ? '' 
 i asked , forcing my face into something i hoped passed for pleasant instead of angry . 
 `` awesome . '' 
 logan flashed me an easy smile . 
 it was a smile that was made to make women 's insides flutter , but for me , it just made my temper flare . 
 this man had nearly ruined me . 
 he nearly destroyed my future with that charming smile and had n't even bothered to call . 
 i wondered just how many other unsuspecting women he had charmed into failure with that grin . 
 `` plus , we found this dog here . 
 is n't he awesome ? '' 
 tyler looked up at me , his hand still on the dog 's head . 
 it was a brown mutt with white paws and a white splotch on his chest . 
 he was n't an ugly dog , but he certainly was n't going to win any dog shows . 
 judging by the thinness in the dog 's ribs and the state of his fur , he was one of the local strays . 
 i had heard they liked to hang out near the tourist areas of the island because they usually could find food . 
 `` yeah , he looks like a good dog , tyler . 
 i 'm going to go get us some life jackets and turn in your waiver . '' 
 i let the fake smile drop as soon as i was behind tyler . 
 of all people on all the possible islands , logan hayes had to be on my vacation island . 
 and if he was jet-skiing here , then he was staying at this resort . 
 not just visiting from one of his various mansions . 
 no , he was probably with one of the travel agencies touring the resort . 
 that would just be my luck . 
 i would have to see him the entire week . 
 i handed the waiver to a hotel employee sitting at a desk by the dock . 
 he went into the storage shed and pulled out two life jackets and handed me the key to a jet-ski . 
 `` do you need any instructions ? 
 we offer free beginner lessons , '' he asked in a thick accent as i shrugged into my life jacket . 
 `` we 're good , actually . 
 i 've done this since i was a kid and i was here yesterday to practice , '' i told him . 
 he checked a list and smiled . 
 i had actually stopped by the day before to find out how a jet-ski could be environmentally friendly . 
 the ones at the resort were a brand new type of watercraft that used an electric engine . 
 they looked a little different and so i had to try it out . 
 the smooth ride and quiet of the engine had been fantastic and a big part of how i had been able to convince over-protective maddy to let me take tyler . 
 `` of course , ma'am . 
 be careful out there today . 
 the wind is picking up and making waves . 
 if it continues , we 'll send a signal out to come back in . 
 safety is very important here . '' 
 the man smiled again and nodded to the waiting jet-skis . 
 `` yours is number four . '' 
 i nodded and thanked him before going back to tyler . 
 logan was on his knees rubbing the tummy of the very happy dog . 
 tyler was giggling as the dog wiggled and made happy dog noises . 
 `` let 's get your jacket on and get going , tyler , '' i said , trying my best to ignore logan . 
 i had managed to mostly avoid logan hayes for almost two years despite working in the same city . 
 i could do it on an island . 
 tyler stood up quickly and took the life jacket from my hands . 
 i helped him tighten the straps and situate it properly across his bony shoulders . 
 `` so , are you riding with olivia or driving yourself , tyler ? '' 
 logan asked , apparently not done with talking to tyler . 
 the dog had rolled back onto its stomach and logan was scratching his ears . 
 `` i 'm not old enough to drive myself yet , '' tyler answered with a shrug . 
 i tightened down another strap . 
 `` you 'll have fun with her driving , though , '' logan mused , his eyes on the dog . 
 `` where are you two headed ? '' 
 `` none of your business , '' i said quietly . 
 i hated the way my body was warming at the sight of his muscled arms . 
 apparently , my body had n't gotten the memo that we wanted nothing to do with him , because my insides were wanting the something he had given me before . 
 `` the reef over there , '' tyler answered at the same time , pointing to a spot a little ways out . 
 `` i 've heard there 's some good snorkeling there , '' logan responded , pretending to not hear my comment . 
 `` you have your gear , right ? '' 
 `` yup . 
 aunt liv even got me better goggles , just for this trip . '' 
 tyler pointed to a mesh bag at his feet with his snorkel gear in it . 
 i put my hands on his shoulders and pushed him gently toward the dock . 
 `` time for us to get going , '' i told him . 
 `` see you later , logan ! '' 
 tyler waved to the taller man . 
 `` bye , dog . 
 i 'll see you when i get back . '' 
 he scratched the ears of the mongrel dog one last time before grabbing his bag and bounding down the dock to our waiting jet-ski `` have fun , '' logan told me , rising gracefully to his feet . 
 sand stuck to his knees and the hem of his board shorts . 
 it was n't fair how good those shorts made him look . 
 why did the man have to be such an ass ? 
 i ignored him and hurried after tyler . 
 i was not going to let the presence of logan hayes ruin my vacation . 
 if i just pretended he was n't there , perhaps he would leave and make it a reality . 
 tyler was already on the jet-ski with a grin that threatened to split his face in half . 
 he had been looking forward to going out on the ocean on one of these new jet-skis since he had seen them in the brochure . 
 i stepped off the dock and onto the jet-ski in front of him . 
 tyler wrapped his skinny arms around my waist and squeezed . 
 i looked back , surprised at the hug . 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he nodded , relaxing his grip slightly and grinning with excitement . 
 i revved the engine and took off . 
 he shrieked with delight from behind me as i moved us out into the open water . 
 he whooped as i sped up and bounced us between the waves . 
 i spun us in circles and pushed the jet-ski through its paces . 
 i had spent most of my summers growing up on jet-skis , so i was comfortable even with the new engine . 
 `` go faster ! '' 
 tyler cried out as we bounced over a wave . 
 the wind was making the waves slightly rough , but it was n't anything i could n't handle . 
 i hit the gas and sent us hurtling forward . 
 tyler gripped me tighter and i could feel his laughter rather than hear it . 
 when tyler 's shrieks of delight started slowing down in frequency , i brought the jet-ski to the edge of the reef . 
 we had been instructed on how to enjoy the reef and still preserve it upon arrival to the resort , so i made sure to keep the jet-ski clear of the delicate coral . 
 `` you ready to snorkel ? '' 
 i asked , turning off the engine . 
 `` there 's some cool-looking fish down there . '' 
 i pointed down into the clear blue water . 
 a long , thin fish flitted under us and into the safety of the reef . 
 `` yup , '' tyler said , putting his mask over his head . 
 he looked even goofier as the back strap ruffled up his light brown hair like an exotic bird crest . 
 `` are you coming in ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` nah , i think i 'm going to stay up here and enjoy the sun a little more . 
 if you see a really interesting fish , though , i 'll come look . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 he grinned and jumped into the water . 
 his orange life jacket bobbed in the waves as it kept him afloat in the clear , blue water . 
 i took off my own life jacket and hung it from one of the handlebars on the jet-ski . 
 the sun felt so good on my skin . 
 i hated winters in chicago , and while november did n't technically qualify as winter , it was still too cold and dreary for my taste . 
 sunshine was so much better . 
 i leaned back , basking in the rays and listening to the waves . 
 they gently bounced the jet-ski up and down . 
 i could see clouds forming on the horizon . 
 in the distance , there were large whitecaps , but right next to the reef it was relatively quiet . 
 i could hear the soft splashes emitted by tyler as he swum around looking at fish and the hum of another electric jet-ski . 
 logan was n't far from us , bouncing off the water and doing tricks on his own jet-ski . 
 he hit a wave and shot up into the air , the jet-ski rolling in a controlled spin before hitting the water with an easy splash . 
 showoff , i thought , adjusting my sunglasses . 
 i pointedly turned and looked back at tyler . 
 i did not need to give logan hayes an audience . 
 `` aunt liv ! '' 
 tyler called out , his head popping up from the water . 
 he was on the far side of the small reef . 
 `` there 's a moray eel over here ! 
 you have to come see it ! '' 
 `` on my way ! '' 
 i shouted back , starting the engine . 
 i would have to circle around the edge of the reef to get to him since i did n't want to go over it and risk damaging the delicate ecosystem . 
 the jet-ski purred to life and i started the quick jaunt into deeper waters to reach him . 
 the waves were rougher outside the calm of the reef , but i had been on a jet-ski enough times to know how to ride it . 
 i was almost to tyler when a rogue wave came out of nowhere and slammed into the jet-ski . 
 i was n't ready for it . 
 i felt my body lift from the seat , and suddenly become alarmingly weightless . 
 the last thought through my head before i hit the water was that i had forgotten to put my life jacket back on . 
 maddy was going to kill me . 
 chapter 5 the world was a beautiful shade of blue , like a robin 's egg , but with swirls of white that made me think of cotton candy . 
 i heard tyler 's voice , full of panic and fear , but it was very far away . 
 pain rushed through me , but it was as if i had never experienced it before and was n't sure what pain was . 
 my thoughts were dull and foreign as i slowly came back to myself . 
 `` olivia , can you hear me ? '' 
 a deep , masculine voice asked . 
 i knew that voice . 
 i loved that voice . 
 no , i hated that voice . 
 that voice belonged to logan hayes . 
 i quickly righted myself so i was no longer looking up at the sky to find myself bobbing in the ocean . 
 logan had been holding my shoulders to keep me floating above the waves since i did n't have my life jacket on and had been out cold . 
 as i sat up , he released me and i had to remember to tread water to keep my head from going under again . 
 there was a splash as tyler tossed me my life jacket and i clung to it so i would n't have to swim . 
 my head was pounding . 
 `` of course i can hear you , '' i answered . 
 i meant to sound cross , but my tongue was sluggish so i just sounded sleepy . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` you hit a wave and flipped '' tyler answered . 
 he was sitting up on our jet-ski , his freckles dark against pale skin . 
 he looked like he might be sick . 
 `` it knocked you out . '' 
 that would definitely explain the headache . 
 tyler shifted in his seat , eyes as big as saucers . 
 maddy would never forgive me when she found out about this . 
 `` are you okay , tyler ? '' 
 `` yeah , i 'm fine , '' he said with a small nod . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i did my best to smile up at him , but my whole head was pounding . 
 `` i 'll be all right . 
 my head just hurts . '' 
 `` you are pretty damn lucky , '' logan admonished . 
 i had almost forgotten that he was there . 
 his jet ski floated peacefully in the water behind him . 
 `` tyler got to you and flipped you onto your back so you would n't drown . 
 you 're lucky he 's a good swimmer and has a good head on his shoulders . '' 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i asked logan , turning to face him . 
 his blonde curls were plastered to his head from swimming in the water . 
 he looked pissed . 
 `` tyler was screaming for help . 
 you 're lucky to be alive . 
 why the hell were n't you wearing your life jacket ? '' 
 logan glared at me like i had been an idiot . 
 to be fair , i was , but i was n't about to let him know that i agreed with him . 
 `` i was n't going that fast . 
 it 's not like this was my first time on a jet-ski . '' 
 i wished i could cross my arms , but that would mean letting go of the life jacket . 
 logan 's frown deepened as his eyes went to my cheek . 
 water was dripping from my hair down my face , so i wiped my hand across my cheek to stop the tickling sensation ... only it was n't water . 
 blood was trickling down my cheek from a cut in my scalp . 
 it was n't much , but i suddenly had a very strong desire to get out of the water . 
 `` we need to get you back to shore , '' logan said with an air of authority . 
 i hated that i immediately wanted to do what he said . 
 `` you need to have someone look at your head . 
 you probably have a concussion . '' 
 `` thank you , dr. hayes , '' i said as sarcastically as possible . 
 logan did n't even bat an eyelash . 
 i kicked my feet , propelling myself toward tyler and the jet-ski . 
 `` where do you think you 're going ? '' 
 logan asked , grabbing the life jacket and halting me easily in place . 
 `` to get on my jet-ski and go get my head looked at , '' i said as calmly as possible . 
 `` are you sure that you 're not the one with a head injury ? '' 
 `` you are not driving . 
 tyler will take that jet-ski back by himself . 
 you are riding with me . '' 
 `` like hell i am ! '' 
 i pulled at the life jacket to free it from his hands , but his grasp did n't budge an inch . 
 he did n't even sway in the water . 
 logan looked at me as though i might be clinically insane . 
 `` you 're head is bleeding and you were out for a good couple of minutes . 
 you need someone else to drive . '' 
 `` i 'll ride with tyler . 
 he can do it , '' i said stubbornly . 
 the last thing i wanted was to be so close to logan . 
 `` no , '' logan explained patiently , still holding onto my life jacket . 
 `` tyler will be able to handle the jet-ski on his own , but you wo n't be doing him any favors being off balance . 
 you 're riding with me . '' 
 `` it 'll be okay , aunt liv . 
 i 'll be right behind you . 
 logan 's good on a jet-ski . 
 i saw him . 
 you 'll be fine . '' 
 i looked up at tyler . 
 he was so pale against the orange of his life jacket that i thought he might pass out at any moment , but he stayed sitting and did his best to smile encouragingly at me . 
 bless that kid 's heart , he was trying to comfort me . 
 he thought i was scared of logan 's jet-ski abilities and of falling again . 
 if that were my only problem with logan , life would be easy . 
 `` fine . '' 
 i glared at logan . 
 he kicked his legs and effortlessly pulled me and my life jacket over to his jet-ski . 
 he helped me get up and into position , handing me up the life jacket . 
 i quickly put it on and waited for him to get up . 
 a drop of blood spilled down my cheek and onto the bright orange fabric . 
 i wondered if the resort was going to charge me to clean it . 
 logan looked back to make sure i was ready and frowned . 
 he bit the sleeve of his shirt and started to tear . 
 with a sharp tug and a ripping sound , he removed the sleeve and handed it to me . 
 `` here , '' he said . 
 i stared at him for a moment until he added , `` for your head . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i said grudgingly , pressing the dark fabric against the cut . 
 he nodded and looked over at tyler , who flashed him a weak grin and gave the thumbs-up signifying he was ready to go . 
 logan waited until tyler was moving , and then carefully followed behind him . 
 i wrapped my arms around logan 's waist so i would n't be jostled off by the waves . 
 even through his life jacket , he was incredibly solid and warm beneath my palms . 
 if he was n't such a jerk , i would have enjoyed being this close to such a nice specimen of masculinity . 
 my body was responding a little too nicely to being pressed up against him , and i had to stop myself from snuggling up further . 
 he 's an ass , i reminded myself as my heartbeat started to race . 
 a muscled , handsome ass who is going to use this to his advantage . 
 i just knew once we got to shore that he would take all the glory for rescuing me . 
 chapter 6 logan carefully followed tyler to the dock where the attendant quickly took our keys and called the resort infirmary and told them to be expecting us . 
 logan lifted me from the seat to the dock , where my knees threatened to buckle as soon as i landed . 
 he had his arm around me before i even had a chance to sag . 
 i did n't want to , but i held onto his muscled arm . 
 just for balance , i told myself , not because it 's so nice to hold on to . 
 tyler came to my other side and wrapped my other arm over his shoulder . 
 he was still too short for the action to work as intended , but it was such a sweet gesture , i did n't say anything . 
 he puffed out his chest and helped carry me to the employee golf cart , even though it was logan who was doing most of the work . 
 together , the two of them got me settled as the jet-ski attendant hopped in the driver 's seat and sped us all to the infirmary . 
 it was only a short drive , but tyler held onto me like i might go flying out of the cart at any moment . 
 when we stopped , he made sure to help me inside as much as his small frame would allow . 
 the nurse was waiting for us and quickly shuffled me off into an exam room as soon as we walked through the door . 
 `` you two stay out here . 
 i 'll stay with her until the doctor comes in , '' she told a very worried-looking tyler . 
 `` she 'll be just fine . 
 the room 's too small for all of you to fit . '' 
 the exam room looked like every other doctor 's office i had ever been to , only slightly smaller and decorated with stenciled seashells on the wall . 
 the resort had a full-time doctor on staff as part of the resort package . 
 i had n't intended to use this service , but i was glad it was here . 
 the nurse took the now-soaked shirtsleeve and handed me some clean , white gauze to hold against the cut on my head as i sat down on the exam table . 
 now that some of the adrenaline was wearing off , the cut was starting to ache and throb , but at least i did n't appear to be bleeding anymore . 
 `` hello there , '' said a warm , baritone voice as the door opened . 
 a tall , older gentleman with graying blonde hair walked into the room . 
 he wore a resort polo but had on dark blue board shorts . 
 he looked like he would be equally comfortable in a clinical setting or out surfing the waves . 
 `` i 'm dr. james . '' 
 `` olivia , '' i introduced myself . 
 the nurse stepped out and closed the door behind her as the doctor shook my hand . 
 `` the men outside say you fell off your jet-ski , hit your head , and were unconscious for at least two minutes . '' 
 he leaned against the small counter , his eyes assessing my injuries and cataloging everything . 
 `` that 's what they tell me . 
 i do n't remember much . '' 
 i did my best to smile , but my head was now pounding . 
 i really just wanted to lay down and take a nap . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 dr. james asked , turning to wash his hands in the sink . 
 `` stupid . '' 
 dr. james chuckled as he reached for the paper towels . 
 `` anything else ? 
 any nausea , balance issues ? 
 seeing spots ? '' 
 `` i have a pretty terrible headache . 
 when i first got out of the water , i was a little dizzy , but i feel better now . '' 
 i sighed and looked up at him . 
 `` other than the stupid and headache part . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 dr. james pulled out a penlight and shined it in my eyes . 
 `` tell me your full name , age , and birthday . '' 
 `` olivia michelle statler . 
 i 'm twenty-seven and my birthday is october twenty-fifth . '' 
 i blinked as he moved the light away . 
 he proceeded to hit my knees with the strange triangle hammer from my childhood . 
 both knees popped up just as expected . 
 `` excellent . 
 what is the current month ? 
 date if you know it , but i know it 's hard to keep track on vacation . '' 
 dr. james smiled as he put his hands on my neck and shoulders and checked for any injuries . 
 out of habit , i started to raise my wrist to check my watch for the date , but he caught my arm before i could see it . 
 `` november . 
 it 's two weeks until thanksgiving and a tuesday , but that 's all i got , '' i said with a rueful grin at my watch . 
 he released my arm and smiled . 
 `` you got me beat . 
 i forgot thanksgiving was coming up . 
 do you know where you are right now ? '' 
 `` island oasis resort , in the medical center . '' 
 i knew these silly questions were just meant to check on my mental status , so i did n't mind answering the obvious . 
 the idea that people often forgot this stuff after a head injury was rather sobering . 
 `` excellent . 
 follow my finger with your eyes and tell me what the last thing you remember is , '' the doctor said , holding one finger up and moving it from side to side . 
 `` turning on the engine to go see something tyler was excited about . 
 then thinking , ` oh crap ! ' 
 as the wave hit . 
 then i was suddenly staring up at the sky . '' 
 there was a hole in my memory between the wave and the sky . 
 i knew time had passed , but i could n't remember even hitting the water . 
 it was a little creepy to know i had been awake but had lost that memory . 
 `` that 's pretty normal in situations like these , '' dr. james commented . 
 he put on some gloves and reached for the cut on my head . 
 i uncovered my injury and relaxed my arm as he took the gauze away and inspected the wound . 
 `` so , you 're here as one of the travel agency promos , right ? '' 
 i started to nod , but my head was caught firmly in his hands . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` i hope this wo n't discourage you from recommending us , '' he said , releasing my head . 
 `` well , i certainly was n't intending to test out your medical services , but it is nice knowing there is a full-time doctor on staff here . '' 
 i glanced up toward the injury even though i knew i would n't be able to see it . 
 it did n't hurt quite so much , but i was ready to kill for a couple of tylenol . 
 dr. james took off his gloves and rummaged around in a cabinet , his voice slightly muffled as he reached for something deep in its recesses . 
 `` it 's the best pseudo-retirement i could think of . 
 the hours are great , i get to surf , but i still get to practice . '' 
 `` this place does seem pretty amazing , '' i replied . 
 `` am i going to need stitches ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 it looks like you were actually pretty lucky . 
 you definitely have a concussion , but at least the cut on your head is fairly superficial . 
 i 'm just going to clean it up and you 'll be good to go . '' 
 he smiled and set out some supplies on the counter before putting on a clean pair of gloves . 
 `` really ? '' 
 i looked down at the blood-soaked gauze in the trash . 
 i thought that looked like a lot of blood . 
 `` head wounds tend to bleed a lot , but it 's already stopped . 
 the cut is n't deep enough to warrant stitches . '' 
 he gently began cleaning the wound . 
 `` it 's just under your hairline , but you probably wo n't even get a scar out of it . '' 
 `` that 's good , '' i said , wincing as he pressed down on the wound . 
 `` i 'll tell your admirers outside this as well , but no napping today . 
 i also want someone to come and check on you a couple of times tonight and make sure you 're able to wake up and answer questions . '' 
 he pulled back and inspected his handiwork . 
 `` if you 'd like , i can arrange it with the hotel staff . '' 
 `` no naps ? 
 but i 'm exhausted , '' i whined . 
 `` you just smashed your brain hard enough to make you black out . 
 we want to make sure that there is n't more damaged than we suspect . 
 another loss of consciousness would be very bad , and if you 're napping , we 'd miss it , '' he said sternly . 
 `` also , i want you to take it easy for the next few days . 
 no more jet-skiing this trip . 
 and , unfortunately , no alcohol for a few days either . 
 if your headache does n't go away , gets worse , or you start feeling strange , come see me immediately . '' 
 `` okay , '' i answered . 
 `` i 'll be good . '' 
 dr. james smiled and patted my shoulder . 
 `` i 'll give you a packet with all the instructions . 
 it 'll have all the things you need to do , like see your regular doctor when you get home , and warning signs and such . '' 
 i nodded and he gave me his hand to help me off the exam table . 
 together , we headed out to the waiting room . 
 logan and tyler both stood as we came out . 
 the nurse handed dr. james a printed sheet of instructions which he then gave me . 
 `` she 's good to go , guys . 
 keep an eye on her , though . 
 do n't let her nap today and she 'll need someone to check on her tonight , '' dr. james told my visitors . 
 `` yes , sir , '' tyler said quickly . 
 he had some color back in his face and a soda in his hand . 
 by the way he was making sure i stayed close to him , though , he was going to be a little protective of me for a while . 
 i loved that he was concerned and that i now had a pint-sized protector . 
 `` not a problem , doctor . 
 i 'll make sure she 's woken up myself , '' logan said , shaking the doctor 's hand . 
 `` no , you wo n't , '' i said vehemently . 
 there was no way logan hayes would be coming in my bedroom to wake me up during the night . 
 there was no way he was getting in my bedroom again , period . 
 the doctor 's eyebrows went up into his hair as he looked back and forth between us . 
 `` what i mean is , '' i explained , trying to keep calm . 
 the doctor did n't need to know about my hatred for the man who apparently saved me . 
 `` i 'll have the hotel staff do it . 
 no reason for you to lose sleep . '' 
 `` as you wish , '' logan conceded . 
 he flashed me his most charming smile , one that said he thought he was going to change my mind . 
 i nearly smacked him . 
 if the doctor and nurse had n't been looking at us like i might be crazy , i would have . 
 `` thank you , dr. james , '' i said , turning to shake his hand a final time . 
 `` i appreciate your help . 
 i should go get ready for dinner . '' 
 his grip was strong on mine as his eyebrows returned to their rightful places on his face . 
 `` keep that cut clean and come see me if you have any questions . '' 
 `` i will . 
 thank you . '' 
 i put my hand on tyler 's shoulder and nudged him toward the door . 
 he smiled back at the doctor , and the two of us headed out the door with logan trailing right behind . 
 chapter 7 the three of us walked quietly along the manicured path back to the main building . 
 the wind had picked up , but it was still warm as the sun prepared to dip her toes into the ocean below . 
 i could n't believe the day was almost over . 
 with all the excitement , i had completely lost track of time . 
 `` are you going to the welcome banquet tonight ? '' 
 logan asked as we rounded one of the resort pools . 
 no one was swimming , but the water rippled gently in the breeze as we passed . 
 `` yes , '' i replied hesitantly . 
 i had already planned on going with tyler and maddy , but the idea of him being there made me a little queasy . 
 despite all logan 's help today , i still did n't trust him . 
 once burned , twice shy . 
 i was n't about to let him ruin me again , even if he did save me from drowning . 
 `` i 'll see you there , then , '' he said with a grin . 
 `` take care of her , tyler . '' 
 tyler nodded , tightening his grip around my arm , which was still draped over his shoulder , even though i was perfectly capable of walking on my own . 
 `` you got it . 
 see you tonight , logan . '' 
 logan 's smile softened as he turned to walk down a separate path . 
 his shirt was still missing the sleeve , but he strutted like he was wearing a tuxedo . 
 i wished he was n't so damn attractive . 
 i did n't want to keep looking at him , but my eyes would n't leave his form . 
 when he finally turned the corner , i shook my head , trying to clear the image of him from my mind . 
 `` tyler ? '' 
 i pulled my arm away and turned so that we were facing one another . 
 he was no longer pale , but he still looked shaken by the day 's events . 
 i felt horribly for having scared him so badly . 
 `` i really want to thank you . 
 you saved my life . '' 
 i was expecting him to blush or shrug , but instead he bit his cheek and looked down at the ground . 
 he looked like he had a terrible secret . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i asked , putting my hands on his shoulders . 
 he fidgeted slightly , but did n't attempt to escape . 
 `` i did n't save you . 
 logan did . '' 
 he dug the toe of his shoe into a small pile of sand , refusing to look up at me . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 logan said you were the hero . '' 
 i squeezed his shoulders slightly and waited as he deepened the hole with his foot . 
 he took a slow breath before he spoke . 
 `` when i saw you fall , i swam over to you as fast as i could , screaming the whole way . '' 
 he looked up tentatively at me , his big brown eyes unsure of what i was going to think of him . 
 `` i got to you first , but with my life jacket and the waves , i could barely hold onto you . 
 i was able to get your head above the water , but you would have drowned if logan had n't shown up . '' 
 `` so , logan was the one who got me to calmer waters ? '' 
 i asked , keeping my voice gentle . 
 tyler nodded , his face crumpling . 
 `` i did n't even get the jet-ski and your life jacket until he told me to . 
 i did n't know what to do . 
 you were n't moving . 
 all i could think was that you were dead . '' 
 i pulled him to me in a hug , and his skinny arms wrapped around my waist in reciprocation as he buried his face in my shoulder . 
 i held him tightly , smoothing the hair on the back of his head . 
 i could feel his fear and shame vibrating through him . 
 he thought he had somehow failed me . 
 the idea that logan would forfeit the glory to a skinny teenager baffled me . 
 the logan hayes i knew loved the spotlight . 
 he relished being the golden boy who could do no wrong . 
 if reporters were here , he would have posed for pictures and signed autographs as `` logan hayes : hero . '' 
 but , according to tyler 's story , he had n't done that . 
 he had given tyler all the credit and accepted a supporting role . 
 i was sure there had to be a trick behind it . 
 `` tyler , '' i said quietly . 
 he sniffled and pulled his face out of my shoulder to look at me . 
 i smiled down at him . 
 `` tyler , if you had n't been there , i would have drowned regardless of logan 's intervention . 
 if he 's giving you the credit , then you deserve it . 
 i owe you a lot . 
 if logan says you saved me , then you saved me . 
 he would n't lie about something like that . 
 the man likes his spotlight too much . '' 
 tyler frowned . 
 `` but aunt liv , i really did n't do anything special . '' 
 `` i think you did . 
 you are my hero , tyler . 
 i 'm very proud of you . '' 
 tyler thought for a moment , and his frown slowly morphed into a bashful smile . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're okay , aunt liv . '' 
 `` me too , '' i said , giving him one last squeeze before releasing him . 
 `` now , let 's get you back to your mom . '' 
 `` you sure you want to do that ? 
 you know she 's going to be furious with you , '' tyler told me , positioning my arm over his shoulder again . 
 `` i ca n't save you from her . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` it will be painful . 
 but , i 'd rather get her lecture on life jacket safety over with before we go to dinner . '' 
 `` the trick is to say you 're sorry . 
 a lot . 
 and give her hugs . 
 whenever she gets mad , it 's really just because she 's actually worried , '' tyler said knowingly . 
 i stopped short and he turned to look up at me . 
 `` you are a smart kid , you know that ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` nah , i just know my mom . '' 
 chapter 8 i checked my hair in the mirror one last time before opening the door to leave . 
 my injury was barely visible , but i was surprised my ears were n't still red from the lecture maddy had given me . 
 she delivered a talking to that would have made my own mother pat her on the back for a job well done . 
 i had followed tyler 's advice and apologized profusely , promising never to take my life jacket off again , and then hugged her . 
 she had stared at me for a moment before hugging me back like i had just been resurrected from the dead , but that was the end of the lecture . 
 smoothing one last flyaway strand of dirty-blonde hair up into my loose bun , i felt pleased with my overall appearance . 
 i wore a light blue chiffon dress with a sparkly rhinestone belt that hid a multitude of sins but still showed my curves . 
 it was casual and elegant at the same time . 
 maddy had suggested that i put my hair up with this dress , and i had to admit that with the addition of some dangling earrings , i looked pretty darn good . 
 i gave one last photographer-ready smile to the mirror , opened the door , and promptly smacked into a wall of solid muscle in a suit . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' i apologized as i backed away from the figure i had just run into . 
 `` i did n't see you there . '' 
 `` no problem at all , olivia , '' logan said warmly . 
 i felt my cheeks heat instantly . 
 of all the people to crash into , i had to crash into him . 
 this was just not my day . 
 with an appreciative eye , he ogled me up and down , making me want to hit him upside the head . 
 `` you are stunning . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i huffed , simultaneously enjoying and resenting the compliment . 
 `` you look nice yourself . '' 
 if anyone looked amazing , it was logan . 
 the playboy billionaire knew how to dress . 
 he wore a dark suit with strong lines that accented his broad shoulders and muscular build . 
 his usually messy hair was combed neatly back , making his jaw appear strong and chiseled . 
 his friendly brown eyes were warmly set in a smiling , suntanned face . 
 the only thing that kept him from airbrushed gq magazine perfection was the red sunburn across the bridge of his nose . 
 `` blue is wonderful on you , '' he mused , reminding me that he was watching me . 
 the thought sent warmth through my core , which just made me blush harder . 
 the last thing i wanted was any sort of attraction to a man like him . 
 he was a snake in a very good-looking suit . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i smoothed the front of my dress , suddenly feeling self-conscious under his intense gaze . 
 the corners of his eyes crinkled with amusement at my discomfort , which only further raised my temperature . 
 he had to know the effect he had on women-even women who were actively trying not to be flustered by him . 
 `` i was just on my way to go get tyler . 
 i take it you 're staying at the resort as well ? '' 
 `` i am . 
 i was invited here just like you were . '' 
 he stood tall , unconsciously holding a handsome pose . 
 i wished he was n't so damn easy on the eyes . 
 i could n't stop looking at him in that suit and thinking of what was underneath it . 
 `` i would think a billionaire playboy would n't need to take free vacations , '' i said , hoping he could n't see the effect his suit was having on me . 
 his shoulders were just so deliciously broad and tapered down to a tight v that made me ache for his masculine touch . 
 it just was n't fair that he was so gorgeous and evil at the same time . 
 he shrugged , drawing my attention back up to his muscular shoulders . 
 `` i do actually look into places that my company promotes from time to time . '' 
 `` and the fact that the owner just happens to be one of your good college buddies certainly does n't hurt either , i suppose . '' 
 i smoothed my hair back again and resumed my walk to the elevators . 
 logan fell into step beside me . 
 `` you mean noah black ? '' 
 he asked as we faced the silver elevator doors and waited for them to arrive . 
 the stairs were available , but after the day 's events , i did n't want to risk them in heels . 
 unfortunately , that meant i had to stand there and wait with logan . 
 `` as if there were another noah black ? '' 
 i wished the elevator would hurry up . 
 the door chimed softly , and i dashed inside . 
 logan hit the lobby button , but i hit the floor below us . 
 `` noah is always happy to help me with my travel arrangements . 
 i certainly bring him enough business . '' 
 logan definitely did give noah black and his hotel company , diamond hotels , enough business . 
 diamond hotels was the preferred provider on travel , inc. 's website . 
 the two men had made each other very rich . 
 the elevator rang as we reached the second floor . 
 i quickly stepped out . 
 i was about to let him continue on down to the lobby , but there was something i needed to know first . 
 i turned and thrust my arm out to hold the door open . 
 `` did you or tyler save me ? '' 
 i asked , watching his face intently . 
 `` tyler , '' he answered without hesitation . 
 i could n't detect any hints of deception in his face , but then again , i knew he was an expert liar . 
 especially when it came to me . 
 `` that 's not what he said . '' 
 the elevator chirped for the doors to close , but i kept them open . 
 logan looked thoughtful for a moment before answering . 
 `` tyler was n't strong enough to keep you above the surface by himself . 
 the waves were rough . 
 i helped . 
 he deserves the praise , though , not me . '' 
 logan took a step closer to me but still within the confines of the elevator . 
 `` tyler was the hero , and i 'll stand by that . '' 
 with that , he gently pushed my arm out of the way so the doors would close , and he continued down toward the lobby without me . 
 i stared at my open-mouthed reflection in the shiny metal door . 
 tyler had said as much , but logan 's lack of desire for praise made no sense . 
 he was the type of person who relished these kinds of opportunities , and carrying the hero 's mantle seemed like something he would enjoy . 
 `` aunt liv ! '' 
 tyler called out , yanking me from my thoughts . 
 he hurried toward me as i turned from the elevator to see him and maddy coming down the hallway . 
 tyler looked uncomfortable in his dress shirt and crisp pants ; he was all awkward limbs and gawky angles that made the clothes look too small and too large at the same time . 
 his nose and mouth were too big for his face , and his light brown hair was falling in his eyes . 
 he was totally geeky and graceless right now , but there was a handsome promise underneath his awkwardness . 
 but , as he tripped on his oversized feet down the hallway , he was just a pre-teen boy with no grace . 
 he was stuck being the ugly duckling for right now . 
 perhaps that 's what logan saw , and that was why he was giving him this moment of glory . 
 there were n't exactly a lot of paparazzi on the island . 
 the media gain from this would be small without pictures , but making tyler feel important would be huge . 
 it was common knowledge that i considered him a part of my family and that he was maddy 's world . 
 perhaps logan was going to use this as some sort of bargaining maneuver . 
 `` you look really pretty , aunt liv , '' tyler said once he got to me . 
 his hair was gelled and messy in an apparent attempt to mimic logan 's easy bed-head look . 
 unfortunately , without logan 's team of hairdresser 's , it was n't having quite the same effect . 
 he still looked cute , though . 
 `` you look very handsome yourself , '' i complimented him . 
 he grinned and stood up a little taller . 
 `` what about me ? '' 
 maddy asked , finally catching up to her son . 
 she wore a long , dark blue halter dress that hung in beautiful swoops . 
 maddy was curvy , and this dress hugged her in all the right places . 
 she was always joking that she was trying to lose tyler 's baby weight and that it would come off any month now . 
 the dress was perfect on her , and it even managed to disguise her walking boot . 
 `` red-carpet-ready ! '' 
 i told her as she struck a model pose . 
 `` you 're always pretty , mom , '' tyler praised . 
 she grinned at him and then kissed his cheek . 
 `` you 're just trying to get me on your good side , '' she teased , but i knew she treasured his compliment . 
 she turned to me and gave me a once over . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 `` for the millionth time , i 'm fine , mom . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 she frowned and took my chin in her hand so she could look closer at the cut on my head . 
 it did n't even hurt anymore . 
 `` seriously , maddy , i 'm fine . 
 tyler did a great job of rescuing me , and the doctor says i 'm going to live . '' 
 maddy frowned as she let me go , but as she looked at tyler , the frown transitioned to a proud smile . 
 he looked back and forth between the two of us and then rolled his eyes . 
 he hit the button for the elevator , which arrived more quickly this time . 
 tyler held his mother 's arm , providing the support she needed with her walking boot as we came out into the lobby . 
 she was a good six inches shorter than i was , so he was much more supportive for her than he was for me after the jet-ski accident . 
 he looked incredibly pleased with himself as we stepped out of the building and into the night air . 
 we walked quietly for a moment , enjoying the warm , tropical evening . 
 `` this has been a much needed vacation , '' she said , giving tyler a gentle squeeze . 
 `` you deserve it , '' i told her . 
 `` you 're the main reason we 're able to be here . 
 i never could have done this without you . 
 the business never would have gotten off the ground without you . '' 
 `` keep stroking my ego , '' she said with a grin as we walked down the path to the main dining restaurant . 
 `` and i might forget your sins today . '' 
 chapter 9 the weather report said a storm was supposed to be moving in on the island the next day , but the sky above us was cloudless and full of stars . 
 a gentle breeze , warm and moist , danced through the greenery , ruffled the pools and ponds , and then caressed our skin like the fingertips of a lover as we walked from the main building to the dining hall . 
 it was exactly what a tropical paradise should be . 
 the resort boasted four restaurants , but this meet and greet banquet was being held in the main dining area . 
 the only guests at the resort were travel agency representatives , so it was supposed to be just a laid-back , fun little get together . 
 since the resort was n't officially open , and it was still technically the off season , we had the place to ourselves . 
 from a distance , the dining facility seemed to be made of windows and light . 
 music spilled out into the quiet night as the elegant silhouettes of the guests floated across the windows . 
 i wondered how many people were here . 
 i knew there was my agency , and also travel , inc. , and at least three other agencies were on the island . 
 even with that in mind , the party looked small . 
 tyler opened the door and held it open like a gentleman for his mother and me . 
 he looked excited to be invited to an adult event , and i hoped it was going to live up to his expectations . 
 the room was large and spacious with a small buffet table in the center . 
 i could see platters of chocolate strawberries , fresh fruit , finger sandwiches , cheese and crackers , and even what looked like fresh sushi . 
 the room had ample seating but was also very spacious . 
 there was plenty of room to move around and converse with the other guests . 
 the windows facing the ocean were open to catch the sea breeze and let in the sound of the ocean . 
 an elegant woman with strawberry blonde hair was walking toward the three of us with a big smile across her face . 
 a tall man with dark hair trailed behind her , stopping to pop a strawberry in his mouth before catching up . 
 `` you must be olivia statler , '' the woman greeted me , extending her hand . 
 i shook it , surprised to find it strong and calloused . 
 `` yes , and you must be isabel black , '' i replied . 
 i had heard that the wife of the hotel magnate , noah black , still worked daily with sharks . 
 her strong grip and suntanned skin pretty much confirmed that . 
 i was slightly surprised . 
 i figured that anyone who married into billions would relax into a life of leisure , but from what i had heard , she had actually increased the extent of her research . 
 `` izzy , please . 
 isabel is only for when i 'm in trouble . '' 
 she grinned as she released my hand and went to shake maddy 's next . 
 `` you must be madison , and that makes you ... tyler . '' 
 izzy extended her hand to shake tyler 's . 
 he hesitated for only a second before enthusiastically shaking her hand . 
 `` i 'm very pleased to make your acquaintance , '' he said formally . 
 `` likewise , '' izzy told him . 
 he grinned up at her , forgetting to let go of her hand and still shaking it . 
 izzy looked over at maddy and giggled . 
 she did n't pull her hand away , though . 
 `` it looks like i might have some competition , '' the tall man said , coming up behind izzy . 
 tyler suddenly realized what he was doing and turned a deep shade of crimson before finally letting go of izzy 's hand . 
 `` this is my husband , noah , '' izzy introduced . 
 noah shook everyone 's hands , including tyler 's . 
 tyler did not hold onto his . 
 `` it 's a pleasure to finally meet you . 
 i do a lot of business with several of your resorts , '' i told him . 
 `` and i appreciate that , '' noah said . 
 he wrapped his arm around izzy 's shoulders and smiled warmly . 
 he had the most amazing blue eyes , but they only sparkled when he looked at izzy . 
 love seemed to float around the two of them like a happy cloud . 
 `` we 're so glad you all could make it . 
 the resort is officially opening in time for the christmas season , but we were hoping to generate some positive buzz beforehand . 
 what do you think so far ? '' 
 `` it 's amazing , '' tyler blurted out , his ears reddening when everyone turned to look at him . 
 `` anything in particular that 's awesome ? '' 
 noah asked . 
 `` you are among one of our key demographics , after all . 
 i 'd love to know what you think . '' 
 tyler swallowed hard but stood up taller . 
 i knew he was a shy kid , so talking to strangers was n't easy for him . 
 he was doing great . 
 `` the food . 
 plus the game room is sweet . '' 
 noah grinned . 
 `` you like the pinball machine ? '' 
 `` the comic book one ? 
 it 's the coolest one i 've ever seen , '' he answered honestly . 
 he was still blushing , but he sounded a little more sure of himself . 
 `` excellent ! '' 
 noah made a fist-pumping motion that made izzy roll her eyes . 
 `` i picked it out specifically for that room . 
 someone wanted to go with an island-themed one . 
 see ? 
 i was right . '' 
 izzy rolled her eyes again but smiled at tyler . 
 `` now he 's never going to let me live that one down . '' 
 noah laughed and kissed her cheek , making her smile . 
 i felt the breeze of the door opening behind me and turned to see logan and his bodyguard walk in . 
 the bodyguard melted into the shadows as logan joined our small circle . 
 i tried not to shy away when he decided to stand next to me , but it was hard to be so close to him . 
 `` i see you 've met our local hero , '' logan said , gesturing to tyler . 
 i did n't know it was possible , but tyler 's blush blushed . 
 if he turned any redder , he would n't have any blood left in his body . 
 `` hero ? '' 
 izzy asked , frowning slightly and looking quickly between logan and tyler . 
 logan nodded . 
 `` tyler saved olivia from drowning in the ocean earlier this afternoon . '' 
 `` oh my gosh , '' izzy exclaimed , her hand going to her mouth and wide eyes going to mine . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` i have a slight concussion , but the doctor says i 'll be fine , '' i told her . 
 `` tyler did a good job . '' 
 `` you must be very brave , tyler . '' 
 izzy put her hand on tyler 's shoulder and he stood a little taller . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 tyler 's blush must have gone all the way down to his toes . 
 he looked up at logan , a little lost as to what he was supposed to say . 
 i knew he did n't feel like he was the hero . 
 `` um , well ... '' `` olivia and tyler were jet-skiing over by the reef , '' logan explained , his voice low and dramatic . 
 tyler gave him a grateful nod as he continued their story . 
 `` tyler was in the water and olivia was coming to get him when she hit a wave and was thrown from her jet-ski . 
 she was knocked unconscious and was drowning . 
 tyler not only swam to her rescue , but kept her above the water . 
 he kept calm the whole time . '' 
 `` you helped a lot too , mr. hayes , '' tyler said quietly . 
 logan shrugged , deflecting any of the credit . 
 `` i just happened to be nearby . 
 i did n't do anything special . 
 you were the one who really saved her . '' 
 tyler peeked around shyly at the group of adults , waiting to see their reactions . 
 `` that is amazing ! '' 
 izzy exclaimed . 
 the other adults murmured in agreement and tyler beamed . 
 every adult was beholding at him with awe and he knew it . 
 his chest puffed out a little bit , and he stood up a little straighter as his confidence soared . 
 bless logan for giving him this moment . 
 i had been sure that once we were in a public setting he would take all the credit for my rescue , but instead he had given it all to tyler . 
 i could barely believe it ; the man did have a shred of decency in him , but this was the most generous thing he could have done for tyler . 
 seeing the confidence in tyler 's face , i could almost imagine that logan was n't evil . 
 `` i think this calls for a toast , '' noah said , motioning to the bartender in the corner . 
 the bartender quickly hurried over carrying a tray with six champagne flutes . 
 he handed a specific one to tyler . 
 `` this one is sparkling cider , '' the bartender explained to maddy as she reached out to take it before tyler could . 
 `` could i get a cider , too ? 
 i 'm not supposed to have anything alcoholic today , '' i asked the bartender with a blush . 
 he nodded , and once his tray had only the one champagne glass , hurried back to the bar to return with one filled with cider . 
 `` to tyler , the hero of the island , '' logan announced once i had my glass . 
 `` to tyler , '' everyone echoed , raising their glasses . 
 tyler 's grin threatened to split his face in half . 
 this certainly was a vacation that he was never going to forget . 
 as we sipped our champagne , a man in a white uniform and chef hat stepped into the center of the room . 
 `` dinner is served , '' he announced . 
 two tables rolled in behind him and were added to the buffet table in the middle . 
 from where i was standing , i could see roast beef , lobster , crab legs , and more . 
 there was enough food to feed an army . 
 `` will you sit next to me ? '' 
 izzy asked tyler as we headed toward the food . 
 he looked to his mother 's smile and then nodded enthusiastically . 
 he was crushing hard on her . 
 `` that is a lot of food , '' i commented to noah as we joined the other guests lining up for the food . 
 we were the last two in line . 
 there were only maybe fifteen people , but there was enough food for double , if not triple , that many guests on the table . 
 `` we were expecting more people to be here , but the threat of a hurricane scared several groups away , '' he explained , picking up a plate . 
 `` hurricane ? 
 last i heard it was just a tropical storm , and much farther north , '' i said with a frown . 
 technically , it was still hurricane season in the caribbean , but the odds of a hurricane actually happening were incredibly low . 
 it was the reason we had been willing to risk the trip . 
 `` it was upgraded to a tropical storm this evening , but the word ` hurricane ' was said somewhere , and now it 's all people are talking about . '' 
 noah shook his head as he piled crab legs onto his plate . 
 `` do n't worry , though . 
 the island is safe . 
 a hurricane has n't hit these shores in over twenty years , and even then the damage was minimal . '' 
 `` that 's good to know . '' 
 i piled mashed potatoes onto my plate . 
 i had n't realized how hungry i was until i saw the food . 
 `` but just in case you were wondering , the hotel is still hurricane-ready , '' noah informed me . 
 `` each building is secure and there are a series of tunnels that connect the two main buildings and several other areas of the resort . 
 if a hurricane ever did hit the island , the resort is very safe and very ready . 
 and all ecologically friendly , of course . '' 
 i paused from putting a lobster claw on my plate and looked at him . 
 `` if i did n't know better , i might think you were trying to sell me something , noah . '' 
 he laughed and handed me a napkin from the end of the table . 
 `` it 's hard to turn off the sales pitch sometimes . 
 i 'm very proud of this resort . '' 
 `` as you should be . 
 it 's beautiful , and the fact that it 's all green-certified is amazing , '' i told him as we headed to a round table . 
 izzy , tyler , maddy , and logan were already sitting , all of them digging into their food with a passion . 
 noah took the seat on the other side of izzy , leaving me to sit next to logan . 
 i wished there was just one more seat at the table so i did n't have to be so close . 
 `` will you and izzy be staying here this week as well ? '' 
 i asked noah once we had slowed down on shoving the delicious food into our faces enough to talk . 
 if they continued to feed us this well , i was going to go home ten pounds heavier . 
 even with that image in my head , i was tempted to go back for more . 
 it was just that good . 
 logan stood and went back to the buffet table . 
 apparently he did n't care about the weight either . 
 `` no , '' noah said , shaking his head sadly . 
 `` our jet is actually being prepped now . 
 we have to be in new york by tomorrow morning . '' 
 `` that 's too bad . 
 it look 's like tyler 's really enjoying izzy . '' 
 i nodded my head across the table where it appeared the two of them were having an animated discussion about something . 
 i thought i heard the word `` shark , '' but i was n't sure . 
 whatever it was , tyler looked like he was having the time of his life . 
 noah smiled at the two of them , his eyes soft . 
 izzy looked up and caught his gaze , her eyes twinkling at him before returning to her conversation . 
 an old-fashioned phone ring came from inside noah 's suit jacket . 
 he pulled it out and frowned at the screen . 
 `` i 'm terribly sorry , i need to take this . 
 excuse me . '' 
 he stood and put the phone to his ear as he stepped toward the rear of the building . 
 i sat quietly watching tyler and izzy interact until logan returned . 
 he had the lobster claw i was thinking of getting . 
 i decided that i did n't actually need it and instead stood up to get a drink from the bar . 
 i was sure the bartender could make me a virgin-something . 
 `` how 's your head ? '' 
 he asked , cracking open the shell . 
 i winced at the sound , especially combined with the mention of my head . 
 `` it does n't hurt anymore , but i 'm definitely tired . 
 exhausted , really . 
 i 'm going to go get a drink . '' 
 i hoped he 'd take the hint that i was n't up for conversation . 
 `` i 'll come with you , '' he said , pushing away his plate and standing . 
 i turned and hurried to the bar . 
 i wished he would just leave me alone . 
 i heard him follow behind me , and it took all my strength not to sigh . 
 `` virgin strawberry daiquiri , please , '' i requested once i reached the ornate wooden counter . 
 the bartender quickly started mixing ingredients . 
 `` one for me too , if you do n't mind , '' logan chimed in . 
 the bartender nodded and added more juice to his blender . 
 `` you know there 's no alcohol in this , right ? '' 
 i asked , crossing my arms against the countertop . 
 `` i happen to be a fan of virgin strawberry daiquiris . '' 
 he leaned back against the bar , looking completely at ease . 
 his jacket hung open , and i could see the definition of his muscles under his thin white dress shirt . 
 damn him for looking good without even trying . 
 it messed with my head that he could look like an angel but be such a devil . 
 he continued to talk . 
 `` i always thought it was a cruel joke that after all the excitement of a concussion that you are n't allowed to nap . '' 
 the bartender handed us our drinks and he took a big sip before continuing . 
 i really wished that the daiquiri had alcohol . 
 it would make this situation so much more bearable . 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 i glanced around the room to see if i could escape , but noah was still on the phone , tyler and izzy were deep in conversation , and maddy was busy talking with one of the other guests . 
 no easy outs . 
 `` with all the adrenaline and movement that comes with an accident , it 's only natural to want to sleep after , '' he continued . 
 `` if it was your ankle instead of your head , no one would think twice about letting you pass out and recover . 
 but , since it 's the head , no nap . 
 so , not only are you exhausted and injured , you have people poking you and telling you not to sleep . '' 
 `` you sound like you 've had this happen to you once or twice , '' i replied before realizing i was engaging him in conversation . 
 now i had to talk to him . 
 `` i used to play football . 
 even played in college . 
 plus , having an older brother kind of predisposes kids to injuries , '' he said with a laugh . 
 football certainly explained his broad-shouldered physique . 
 he was easy to imagine out on a field in pads and a jersey , and i found my body responding favorably to the image . 
 i really wished he was n't such a jerk , because there were things i would enjoy doing to that body . 
 `` what position did you play ? '' 
 i asked , taking another sip of my drink and trying not to think of what he looked like without his shirt on . 
 `` usually wide receiver , though sometimes i 'd play tight end . '' 
 he smiled his movie star smile at me and i could n't look away . 
 i wished i did n't find him so damn attractive . 
 i hated him and what he did to me , but one flash of that mega-watt grin and my knees went to putty . 
 it was n't fair . 
 my body and my mind definitely had very different opinions of the man . 
 `` were you any good ? '' 
 `` not really , '' he said , shaking his head . 
 `` i tell people i played in college , but it was mostly on the bench . 
 i have a feeling dad helped get me on the team . 
 i loved the game , but i do n't have much natural talent for it . '' 
 `` logan hayes admitting that he 's not good at something ? '' 
 i turned and exaggerated looking out the nearest window . 
 `` i do n't see any pigs with wings out there ... '' `` it 's dark out , and they tend to fly higher up in the atmosphere , '' he replied . 
 `` do n't tell anyone , though . 
 could ruin my football reputation . '' 
 i laughed , and was surprised to find it was genuine . 
 i could barely believe i was enjoying his company , and not just because of his looks . 
 he was being wonderful and sweet-not only me , but tyler . 
 i took a sip of my drink and wondered if i hit my head harder than i thought . 
 i had sworn i would stay away from him . 
 `` what about you ? 
 anything you are n't good at ? '' 
 logan asked . 
 his brown eyes focused on me , absorbing my every detail as if it were terribly important , and it made my heart speed up . 
 i had n't had a man look at me like that in a very long time ... since the last time he had looked at me like that , in fact . 
 `` jet-skiing , '' i answered with a straight face . 
 his laugh filled the room and i grinned . 
 `` actually , i want to thank you again . 
 you were great with tyler . '' 
 `` he 's a good kid . 
 he actually reminds me a lot of myself when i was his age . '' 
 his eyes went distant as he remembered his own gawky years . 
 i tried to think of him as a scared , skinny boy and could n't reconcile the image . 
 he oozed too much charm and self-assurance for me to see him as anything but the man before me . 
 `` i really do appreciate it . 
 you did n't have to stay with him while i was with the doctor , but i 'm really grateful that you did , '' i said . 
 i hoped he knew how sincere i was . 
 despite my dislike for him and his business tactics , he had done the right thing that afternoon . 
 `` thank you for all your help today . '' 
 `` it was no trouble . 
 i was n't going to just abandon the kid . '' 
 he took a sip of his drink and shrugged like heroics were an everyday occurrence for him . 
 `` i 'm just glad you 're okay . '' 
 a genuine smile etched its way onto my face . 
 maybe i had misjudged him . 
 maybe he had changed from the sneaky conman who had almost ruined my business and broken my heart . 
 i was n't quite ready to trust him completely . 
 but today he had not only saved my life , but also made someone who i cared about very happy . 
 i glanced over at tyler . 
 izzy was busy telling two men from another travel agency of tyler 's heroics . 
 tyler was smiling and basking in the attention . 
 i had n't seen that side of him since before the move . 
 that alone was worth giving logan another chance . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i smiled and really meant it . 
 `` and besides , if i had let you drown , i would n't be able to have your company become part of travel , inc. , '' logan added . 
 `` maybe you can give us a ` saved your life ' discount . '' 
 i felt the smile slide off my face just as quickly as it had found its way there . 
 it was all just a business maneuver . 
 he had n't changed . 
 he was just leading me on . 
 again . 
 the charming man was just an act . 
 he was only interested in acquiring my business . 
 i should have known better than to let my guard down , even for an instant . 
 `` if you think that today is going to have any bearing on our business negotiations , you are sorely mistaken , mr. hayes '' i said coldly . 
 i could n't believe his nerve . 
 `` it will be a cold day in hell before i sell my company to you . 
 you had your chance two years ago and you blew it . '' 
 `` olivia , i did n't mean - '' `` now , if you 'll excuse me , i have things to do , '' i said , cutting him off . 
 i set my drink down with a loud thunk . 
 all the warm , fuzzy feelings i had toward him were gone . 
 he was willing to use the fact that he rescued me as a business tactic . 
 he was willing to use tyler as a business tactic . 
 that was not acceptable to me . 
 i stalked over to the table where tyler and izzy were chatting . 
 maddy had joined them as well , and i flung myself into the chair next to her . 
 from the corner of my eye , i could see logan sag against the bar , frustration painted on his face . 
 he knew he had just screwed himself , and that gave me a little bubble of smug pride . 
 i knew the real logan hayes . 
 `` what did the eel look like ? '' 
 izzy asked tyler . 
 they were apparently discussing the marine life he had seen earlier that afternoon and were oblivious to everything else in the room . 
 `` it had black and white spots , '' tyler answered , his face furrowed in concentration . 
 `` little ones . '' 
 `` that was a spotted moray eel , then , '' izzy told him . 
 `` what else did you see ? '' 
 tyler thought for a moment as noah came up behind izzy . 
 he put his hands on her shoulders , and she turned to look up at him . 
 her face was full of trust and pure happiness at his touch . 
 it was hard not to be a little envious of how much their love shone through in just a simple touch . 
 they were lucky . 
 `` i 'm really sorry , izzy , '' noah interrupted , `` but we need to be going . 
 the plane 's ready and the pilot 's anxious to leave . '' 
 izzy stood gracefully . 
 `` tyler , it was wonderful to meet you . 
 madison and olivia , thank you so much for coming . 
 i hope you have a wonderful rest of your trip . '' 
 `` thank you so much for inviting us , '' i replied . 
 `` from what i 've seen so far , i 'll be recommending this resort to my clients . '' 
 `` that 's exactly what we want to hear , '' noah said with a grin . 
 `` it was wonderful to meet you all . '' 
 izzy gave tyler a hug as noah pushed her chair in for her . 
 tyler turned a delightful shade of red at her touch . 
 he definitely had a little crush on izzy . 
 he smiled absentmindedly after her as she and noah headed to the door . 
 logan met the couple at the door and gave them both hugs . 
 i had read that noah and logan had met in school and formed a fast friendship . 
 i certainly believed it , especially as logan 's travel company had some exclusive perks with diamond hotels that no one else seemed to have . 
 i wondered if noah knew just how much logan was using him for those perks . 
 my jaw creaked as i let out the biggest yawn of my life . 
 i had n't realized just how tired i was . 
 between the accident and the stress of the day , i was exhausted . 
 `` i 'm going to head to bed , maddy , '' i said , rising to my feet . 
 `` it 's been a long day . '' 
 `` all right . 
 do you need me to come check on you tonight ? '' 
 she asked . 
 she was such a mom , and i loved her for it . 
 `` no , i 've got it covered , '' i answered . 
 i went and gave maddy a hug over the back of the chair . 
 `` the front desk is going to call , and if i do n't pick up or answer their questions appropriately , they will come into the room to check on me . '' 
 maddy considered my answer for a moment and nodded . 
 `` okay . 
 if you need anything , you let me know . '' 
 `` i always do , '' i said with a smile . 
 `` breakfast tomorrow ? '' 
 `` sounds good to me , '' she replied . 
 tyler nodded in agreement . 
 `` have a good night . '' 
 i went over and gave tyler a hug . 
 `` thank you again for saving me today . 
 you were awesome , '' i whispered . 
 `` anytime , aunt liv , '' he whispered back . 
 he gave me a quick squeeze before remembering a question . 
 `` izzy was telling me about some of the fish that live around here . 
 you want to go snorkeling with me and mom tomorrow ? 
 no jet ski required . '' 
 `` you got it , kid , '' i said with a wink . 
 he grinned . 
 `` i 'll see you in the morning . '' 
 i collected my things and headed to the door . 
 logan opened it for me as i reached for it . 
 instead of walking through it , i reached for the other side and helped myself . 
 i did n't want even that much from him . 
 `` i 'm sorry about bringing business up . 
 i know this is your vacation and - '' `` just drop it , okay ? '' 
 i snapped , cutting him off . 
 i took a deep breath and attempted to use a more even voice . 
 `` thank you for your help today , but please , leave me alone . '' 
 with that i walked out into the night , leaving him holding the unused door . 
 the wind was picking up from across the waves and whipped my skirt around my ankles , threatening to trip me . 
 the last thing i wanted was for logan to see me trip and come help me . 
 again . 
 i pulled up on the fabric and held onto it to keep it tamed while i walked . 
 without thinking , i glanced back at the brightly-lit building , assuming he must have gone back to the party . 
 instead , he stood there , still holding the door against the wind and watching me fade into the night . 
 chapter 10 the sky was solid gray . 
 there were no individual clouds ; it was just a jelled block of achromatic gray . 
 as we walked along the ocean 's edge , the water seemed strangely calm as it lapped against the sandy beach . 
 it was almost as if the sea was expending its energy elsewhere . 
 it seemed possible , as according to the resort 's weather report the storm was still safely north and supposed to miss the entire island completely . 
 up ahead , i could see a boy playing fetch with a dog , the two of them bounding through the waves and spraying water under their feet . 
 the boy looked familiar , and as i came closer , i realized it was tyler . 
 i had n't seen him since breakfast , where we had decided that neither one of us was really interested in snorkeling with the sky so dark . 
 without the sunshine , the colors of the fish and coral would be muted and dull . 
 there were plenty of other things that we each wanted to do more than look at gray fish . 
 `` tyler ? '' 
 i called out to the boy as i came closer . 
 when his head whipped around , there was a big grin plastered on his face . 
 he called the dog and the two of them came sprinting over , sand and water flying from their feet . 
 `` aunt liv ! '' 
 he greeted me , stopping just inches before giving me a hug as he realized he was soaking wet . 
 the canine sniffed excitedly at my feet , its long , thin tail wagging at a furious pace . 
 `` whose dog is this ? '' 
 it looked like the one from yesterday before jet-skiing . 
 i held out my hand , expecting the pooch to smell it , but instead a warm , wet tongue kissed it . 
 `` spock , '' tyler stated . 
 he pet the dog 's head and spock wiggled with happiness . 
 `` dr. james said he 's a local stray , but that 's it 's fine if i play with him . '' 
 `` does your mom know you 're playing with a stray ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` she 's busy with a pottery class . '' 
 he threw a stick and spock bounded gleefully after it . 
 i raised my eyebrows and put my hands on my hips . 
 he had n't answered my question . 
 tyler sighed . 
 `` no . 
 but dr. james says he is really nice . 
 he 's really smart , too . '' 
 i gave the dog a skeptical look . 
 it had just returned , but with a different stick than the one tyler had thrown . 
 the dog was pure mutt . 
 there might have been some sort of lab in his genetic history , but the individual breeds had become so mixed it was impossible to tell what heritage the dog could claim . 
 i had to admit that his floppy ears and doggy grin were rather adorable . 
 `` spock , sit , '' tyler commanded . 
 the dog promptly dropped to a sitting position , his tail still wagging furiously . 
 tyler grinned at me . 
 `` spock , speak . '' 
 spock yipped , dropping the stick in the process . 
 tyler dropped to his knees and began rubbing the dog 's body and showering him with praise . 
 spock 's ribs were even more clearly visible today , as well as several other signs of hunger and lack of attention . 
 `` did you teach him that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i reached out to scratch spock 's ears and was rewarded with a doggy moan of pleasure that made me giggle . 
 `` yeah . 
 he 's really good , '' tyler said . 
 he smiled with just a hint of sadness at the mutt . 
 `` i ca n't believe nobody on the island wants him . '' 
 i wanted to hug tyler close to ease the sudden ache in my heart . 
 i knew he was really struggling with the abandonment by his father . 
 the two had been close before his dad decided to run off with one of his clients and leave everything behind . 
 unfortunately , the new love interest did n't like kids , and so tyler 's dad had pretty much disowned him . 
 it hurt tyler far more than he let on . 
 `` what else have you taught him ? '' 
 i asked , changing the subject . 
 tyler 's eyes lit up again . 
 `` he can come , and we 're working on rolling-over , but he keeps getting distracted . '' 
 tyler threw the stick again and spock barked joyfully as he chased it . 
 i watched as the dog picked up the discarded stick and then sprinted proudly back to his new best friend . 
 `` come here , spock , '' i called , patting my leg . 
 to my surprise , he came and snuggled his mangy head into my leg . 
 maddy was going to be thrilled . 
 she was n't a dog person , but there was no way tyler was going to give up this mutt . 
 i could feel the tension of future drama building as i saw the love in tyler 's eyes when he looked at spock . 
 `` he likes you , aunt liv . '' 
 tyler grinned at me . 
 i peered down at the very cuddly puppy and sighed . 
 i was going to be helping tyler convince his mom that the dog was a good idea . 
 i never could say no to a big pair of brown eyes . 
 `` give me the stick , spock , '' i commanded . 
 the dog quickly dropped it at my feet and stood waiting with bated breath for me to throw it . 
 i tossed it into the waves and he bounded off to fetch it . 
 `` how long have you been out here with him , tyler ? '' 
 `` since breakfast . '' 
 tyler 's eyes followed the dog , and he grinned as spock sprinted back to drop the stick at our feet . 
 `` i met him yesterday by the storage shed at the dock . 
 dr. james says he likes to hide there . 
 i brought him some of my breakfast because he looked hungry yesterday . '' 
 the thin ribs suggested that the dog looked hungry every day . 
 `` i see why he likes you so much , then . '' 
 `` it 's not just the food , aunt liv . '' 
 tyler looked at me with solemn eyes . 
 `` i think he 's lonely . 
 the other dogs ignore him . 
 we 're a lot alike . '' 
 the simple truth in his statement broke my heart . 
 tyler saw himself in this mutt . 
 `` seems like you two were made for each other , then , '' i said softly . 
 i made a mental note to look into how to bring a dog back to the united states . 
 if i took care of that part , spock stood a fighting chance at convincing maddy . 
 `` yup . '' 
 tyler looked up at me and smiled , then waved to someone coming down the beach behind me . 
 `` hi , logan ! '' 
 i closed my eyes and tried not to look sour . 
 i 'd been hoping to avoid him today . 
 the man seemed to be able to annoy me without even trying . 
 just the fact that he was here , wearing those low-slung board shorts and doing jet-ski tricks , drove me nuts . 
 i had n't even noticed him coming up the beach because i was busy playing with spock . 
 `` hi , tyler . 
 hello , olivia , '' he greeted the two of us . 
 `` is this the same dog from yesterday ? '' 
 `` yup . 
 this is spock . 
 he 's my dog , '' tyler informed him . 
 spock ran over and licked logan 's hand . 
 so much for the good sense of dogs . 
 logan bent down and rubbed spock 's ears . 
 he was wearing a light gray t-shirt that clung to him like a second skin , as well as those ass-enhancing board shorts he had worn yesterday . 
 they still looked flipping amazing on him . 
 `` he looks like a great dog . '' 
 `` he 's the best . 
 i think i 'm going to keep him . '' 
 tyler grinned . 
 i was not looking forward to having this conversation with maddy . 
 i hoped tyler had a plan to help spock win his mom over . 
 `` good luck with that , '' logan told him , as if he 'd read my mind . 
 `` have you taught him to play dead yet ? '' 
 tyler shook his head . 
 `` i had n't thought of that one . '' 
 logan grinned . 
 `` his name 's spock , right ? 
 from star trek ? '' 
 tyler nodded enthusiastically . 
 `` then , here 's what we 're going to teach him ... '' logan leaned forward and started whispering in tyler 's ear . 
 i stood back and watched as a grin slowly overtook tyler 's face . 
 whatever logan 's idea was , tyler loved it . 
 `` do you think you can teach him that ? '' 
 logan asked , stepping back . 
 `` definitely . 
 spock 's smart . '' 
 he rubbed the dog 's head , and spock 's tail thumped against the sand . 
 `` i 'm going to go work on it now . 
 no watching , aunt liv - i 'll show you when he 's ready . 
 you 'll love it . '' 
 `` if you need any help , you let me know , '' logan offered . 
 still smiling ear to ear , tyler picked up spock 's stick and started running . 
 together they sprinted down the beach to where they could practice his new trick without being seen . 
 logan and i stood quietly , watching the two of them run . 
 `` what is this trick he 's teaching his dog ? '' 
 i asked as they went behind the storage shed . 
 `` not telling . 
 it 's pretty funny , though , '' logan told me . 
 he watched the shed for a moment as though he could see tyler and spock through it . 
 `` that dog is good for him . '' 
 `` yes , he is . '' 
 i stared out at the storage shed , thinking of how tyler considered himself and the dog as the same . 
 it broke my heart . 
 `` listen , i wanted to apologize for last night , '' logan said after a moment of silence . 
 `` i did n't mean to bring up work on your vacation , and i 'm sorry . '' 
 i narrowed my eyes . 
 this had to be one of his tricks . 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` seriously . 
 i did n't mean anything by it . '' 
 he grinned and held his hands up in front of him as if to show he was n't armed . 
 `` i am here to relax , not to get you to sign anything . 
 it 's just a happy coincidence that we 're both here . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 i did n't fully believe that it was a happy coincidence , but i was at least willing to accept his apology . 
 `` let me make it up to you ? '' 
 logan asked . 
 `` dinner . 
 tonight . 
 just you and me . 
 no business , just give me the chance to really make up for what happened . '' 
 i chewed my inner cheek for a moment . 
 i heard spock bark and i turned to see him and tyler sprinting down the beach toward us . 
 he looked incredibly happy and proud . 
 it softened my heart to see logan being so kind to tyler . 
 plus , i could n't forget that the man had saved my life , so maybe i owed him dinner without getting so defensive . 
 `` please ? '' 
 logan begged . 
 i took a good look at him . 
 the wind ruffled his messy hair as he smiled hopefully at me , making my heart speed up . 
 he looked honest and open , yet sexy as hell . 
 i just hoped it was n't another trick . 
 `` fine , '' i conceded . 
 `` because of what you 've done for tyler . '' 
 logan beamed , making his brown eyes sparkle . 
 it was impossible not to smile back . 
 `` you wo n't be sorry , i promise ! '' 
 `` do i need to wear anything special ? '' 
 i asked . 
 how did i let myself get roped into this ? 
 i just hoped i was n't going to get burned by him yet again . 
 but , i knew deep down that i would fall for his tricks every time , no matter how burned i got . 
 he just had that effect on me . 
 i should have just steered clear of him from the beginning . 
 `` no , just be comfortable . 
 how does seven sound ? 
 i 'll pick you up at your room , '' he answered . 
 `` i 'm going to help you test out one of the resort 's luxury opportunities . '' 
 `` i hope you know that i 'm not going to do the complimentary wedding ceremony , '' i teased . 
 logan laughed just as tyler rejoined us . 
 `` why ? 
 did he ask you ? '' 
 tyler quipped , looking back and forth between the two of us with confusion . 
 spock sat panting at his feet . 
 `` no , just taking olivia to dinner , '' logan explained . 
 `` okay , good then . 
 i did n't bring a suit . '' 
 tyler shot me a cheesy grin that made me roll my eyes . 
 `` and now , are you two ready for spock 's amazing new trick ? '' 
 `` incredibly . 
 on the edge of my seat , '' i answered . 
 logan nodded enthusiastically . 
 `` all right . '' 
 tyler grinned and turned to the dog . 
 `` spock , do the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few ? '' 
 spock stared at tyler for a moment , cocking his head as if he were trying really , really hard to understand english . 
 tyler nodded encouragingly at him , but spock just wagged his tail . 
 `` spock , you had this a minute ago ! '' 
 tyler took a breath and then repeated the phrase . 
 spock just wagged his tail harder . 
 `` fine , we 'll do it your way , '' tyler conceded . 
 he held the stick like a weapon and pointed it at spock . 
 `` pew , pew ! 
 you 're dead ! '' 
 spock promptly fell to his side and rolled up onto his back , sticking his legs up in the air and holding perfectly still . 
 i giggled as tyler completed the act with a long , `` noooo '' and ran to the dog 's side . 
 it would have been perfect , except spock 's tail started to wag as soon as tyler touched him . 
 actually , that made it even better . 
 logan and i applauded as tyler and spock took sitting positions before us in the sand . 
 `` even better than what i had in mind , '' logan congratulated him . 
 `` i 'm really impressed you taught him so fast . '' 
 `` he 's really smart , '' tyler said with a grin as he hugged the dog to him . 
 `` do you have any other ideas for tricks ? '' 
 `` teach him how to fetch your mom 's slippers , '' i advised . 
 `` possibly how to make coffee . 
 it will make her like him more . '' 
 `` i 've got a couple more ideas if you want . 
 how about tomorrow , we get together and i 'll show you some of them ? '' 
 logan offered . 
 tyler eagerly nodded . 
 i thought about discouraging this friendship . 
 tyler was only going to get hurt when the billionaire decided that playing with kids was n't his speed , but the fact that tyler was excited and talking to another human being , besides his mother and me , was too good to make him stop . 
 i hoped that logan understood the importance of what he was doing . 
 tyler had n't spoken this much to anyone recently , and it was logan 's influence that was encouraging him . 
 he never would have interacted with izzy last night if logan had n't given him the vote of confidence earlier in the day . 
 logan had made him a hero and was now making him worthy of plans . 
 i just hoped that he would n't let tyler down as much as tyler 's father had . 
 `` okay , so i 'll see tyler tomorrow at ten , '' logan said to tyler and then grinned at me . 
 `` and i 'll see you tonight at seven . '' 
 `` sounds good ! '' 
 tyler agreed . 
 spock wagged his tail . 
 i nodded . 
 `` excellent . '' 
 logan flashed us one last smile before turning to head back toward the resort . 
 he walked with a pep in his step i had n't seen before as the wind plastered his shirt against his back . 
 i shook my head as i tryed to figure him out . 
 he seemed legitimately excited about dinner tonight . 
 i wondered just what he had planned . 
 the resort had boasted several romantic excursion opportunities . 
 a gust of wind drove handfuls of sand into my bare legs . 
 the waves out on the ocean had gotten rougher , and whitecaps crested with each swell . 
 the storm was officially moving in , and the previously calm waters were now growing agitated . 
 `` come on , tyler , we should head inside , '' i said , offering him my hand to get up . 
 he took it , and i pulled him to standing . 
 another gale of wind came off of the ocean , lowering the temperature and making sand flurries in the air . 
 `` let 's go get cleaned up and have some lunch . '' 
 tyler wiped some sand from the front of his shirt and did his best to brush most of the sticky , white grit from spock . 
 even then , they were still incredibly dirty . 
 `` you think we 'll be able to find a place to put spock for the night ? 
 i do n't want him out here in this . '' 
 `` i 'm sure if we ask the hotel , they 'll have an idea . 
 if nothing else , we 'll sneak him into the garage or something , '' i assured him . 
 tyler nodded , and together the three of us headed back to the resort and out of the wind . 
 chapter 11 `` i have to run to the bathroom real quick , '' i told tyler as we approached the resort 's main building . 
 `` if you want , you can talk to the concierge and see if she knows a place where spock can stay the night . '' 
 tyler 's brows pinched together slightly . 
 he hated talking to strangers . 
 `` okay . '' 
 i hurried across the lobby , fairly sure that he was n't going to talk to the concierge . 
 tyler was incredibly shy . 
 he had trouble answering the door for pizza , let alone talking to the hotel concierge . 
 my sigh echoed off the marble surfaces in the bathroom . 
 i quickly finished and washed my hands , prepping the mental speech to convince the concierge to help us find a place for spock . 
 when i came out of the bathroom , i did n't see tyler or spock in the lobby . 
 glancing outside , i did n't see them there either , but the wind was picking up . 
 i wondered if the storm was swinging further south than expected . 
 `` are you looking for tyler and his dog ? '' 
 the concierge asked , coming up behind me . 
 i turned quickly to see a petite woman of asian heritage smiling at me . 
 she wore the resort 's dark blue uniform and i recognized her as the usual person behind the concierge desk . 
 `` yes , i am , actually , '' i replied . 
 `` where are they ? '' 
 `` tyler is getting the dog comfortable in one of the storage areas . 
 we are n't using it right now and it 's out of the storm , '' she explained . 
 `` i can show you to them , if you 'll follow me . '' 
 she motioned behind the main desk toward a door i had n't noticed before . 
 she opened it and i stepped into a well-lit cement hallway . 
 `` where does this go ? '' 
 i asked , glancing around as she continued on . . 
 there were other corridors connecting to the main one , each junction marked with a map . 
 it smelled like rain and wet cement the further in we went . 
 `` all over the resort . 
 this one connects the main building with the laundry facilities and storage . 
 there are other tunnels that connect the kitchens , restaurants , and other maintenance buildings . 
 they were all built specifically to adjoin everything in case of a hurricane , but we use them to move things around without having to bother guests . '' 
 she turned at a yellow marker . 
 `` here we are . '' 
 she opened a door revealing a concrete storage area . 
 tyler was busy making a bed out of towels while spock sniffed anxiously at the corners of the room . 
 `` thank you , '' i said to the concierge , stepping inside . 
 `` hi , keiko , '' tyler greeted the concierge . 
 `` thank you again for the towels . 
 i 'll go see the chef for some food for spock next . '' 
 `` you are most welcome , '' keiko said with a smile . 
 `` is there anything else i can help you with ? '' 
 i shook my head , staring at tyler . 
 aliens must have switched out the scared , shy kid with one who was able to talk to adults . 
 i had never seen this side of him . 
 `` no , thank you , '' tyler replied . 
 keiko nodded and carefully closed the door behind her as she left . 
 `` this looks like it will be a good place for spock to stay , '' i said , petting lounging dog on his head . 
 tyler put the finishing touches on what was going to be spock 's bed before standing up . 
 `` i think it will work . 
 i 'd like to have him in the hotel room with me , but i do n't think mom 's ready for that yet . '' 
 he glanced around the room . 
 `` i 'm not sure spock likes it , but it 's way better than outside . '' 
 `` how about we bring spock back some food after lunch and see how he 's doing in here , '' i offered . 
 tyler nodded . 
 `` do you mind if i talk to the chef first and meet you there ? 
 keiko said the kitchen might have some plastic bowls i can use for water and food . '' 
 spock put his head under tyler 's hand , and tyler rubbed his ears automatically . 
 i could hear the wind outside even through the thick concrete . 
 i blinked twice in surprise . 
 this was the second time he was going to stand up for the dog and get over his shyness around strangers . 
 `` um , sure . 
 that 's fine by me . 
 do you want me to come with you to talk to the chef ? '' 
 `` no , that 's okay . 
 i got it , '' he told me . 
 he smiled and went to the door . 
 `` you be good , spock . 
 i 'll be back in a little bit with lunch . '' 
 spock tried to follow , and we had to slam the door shut in order to keep him in the room alone . 
 spock cried softly at the door , begging us to come back and rescue him . 
 `` you think he 'll be okay ? '' 
 tyler asked , glancing back at the door as we walked down the hallway . 
 `` he sounded scared . '' 
 i smiled and hugged him around the shoulders . 
 `` he 'll be fine . 
 we 'll make lunch fast . '' 
 he nodded , and we hurried down the hallway . 
 maddy was n't going to like the idea of a dog , but if spock was getting tyler over his shyness and insecurities , she was going to warm up to the idea of a pet quickly . 
 if this was what spock was able to do for tyler 's confidence after just a day , i could n't wait to see what he would do for him after a week , a month , even a year . 
 maddy was just going to have to deal with it . 
 *** i came out of the shower with my hair wrapped in a towel and my body nestled in a fluffy hotel robe . 
 it felt good to be clean . 
 i had helped tyler carry water and food to spock and tried to help tyler brush the sand out of spock 's fur after lunch . 
 i was fairly certain that the dog was still half sand . 
 now that it was approaching dinner time , tyler was probably back in the storage room with spock . 
 maddy had been less than thrilled about it all , but she was excited to see the changes it was bringing about in tyler . 
 i glanced at my watch . 
 it was only a couple minutes after six , so i still had plenty of time to get ready for my date with logan . 
 i grabbed my makeup bag and stood in front of the mirror . 
 no , i told myself . 
 not a date . 
 i did not want to get romantically involved with him again . 
 he had a body that made my insides heat and quiver , but the fact that he had burned me so badly before still stung . 
 i was n't about to let him get close enough to hurt me again . 
 then why are you going to dinner ? 
 i frowned and noticed little lines popping up on my face . 
 logan hayes had betrayed me once before . 
 he had almost ruined everything i had been trying to build and did n't even have the decency to call me himself to do it . 
 even so , he was good for tyler . 
 the past couple of days , logan had gotten more conversation and smiles out of him than i had seen in weeks . 
 for whatever reason , tyler trusted him . 
 and so far , he had n't betrayed that trust . 
 i set the brush down hard on the bathroom counter . 
 i really had no idea what i was doing when it came to logan . 
 `` i 'll just cancel , '' i said out-loud to the mirror . 
 `` i should n't have dinner with the competition anyway . '' 
 yet , i kept putting on my makeup and did n't pick up the phone to call and cancel . 
 part of me , probably the part of me that enjoyed seeing him walk in his board shorts , wanted to go to dinner with him . 
 if i ignored the past , the man was a catch . 
 billionaire , gorgeous , and apparently good with kids and dogs . 
 it was just the way he had used me two years ago that burned . 
 the tv buzzed with an important update in the other room . 
 i had forgotten to turn it off when i got in the shower . 
 `` the national hurricane center has officially upgraded tropical storm hannah to a category 1 hurricane . '' 
 a pretty forecaster stood in front of a map with a large swirl of clouds spinning across the ocean . 
 `` the storm is expected to skirt the edge of antigua and surrounding islands , but as always , residents are encouraged to take precautions . 
 these storms can shift direction or increase in power at any time . '' 
 the wind rattled the boards over my window as if to accentuate her words . 
 the resort staff had been busy all day preparing everything for the oncoming storm . 
 all the windows had boards , and even the sliding glass doors had been protected . 
 it looked as though the staff were getting ready for a category 5 rather than a storm that was supposed to bypass us , but i would rather they be over-prepared than surprised . 
 i looked back to the mirror to find i had finished my makeup without realizing it . 
 what was i doing ? 
 i should know better than to even go to dinner with him . 
 i had been down this road before . 
 i slid my earrings on , thinking about the past and the last time i had gone out with logan hayes . 
 chapter 12 two years ago -------- after our meeting earlier today , i could n't stop thinking about logan . 
 the warm caramel swirls of his eyes . 
 that one golden curl that i wanted to sweep off his forehead . 
 that smile that made me purr like a cat in sunshine . 
 just thinking about him had me flustered in the best way . 
 there was a connection between the two of us that was n't just strictly business . 
 at least , i really , really hoped there was . 
 especially because i had already picked out a backless black dress to wear out tonight . 
 my phone buzzed , and i held my breath as i looked at the caller id . 
 it was a number i did n't recognize . 
 please , please , please ... `` hello ? '' 
 i sounded far more breathless than i had intended . 
 `` olivia ? '' 
 it was logan . 
 a little shiver of anticipation went down my spine . 
 i liked the way my name sounded in his rich , masculine voice . 
 `` this is she , '' i replied , trying to sound like i did n't recognize the voice . 
 i did n't want to appear too eager . 
 `` hi , it 's logan . 
 from earlier today , '' he said with a small laugh . 
 he sounded almost nervous , which made the butterflies in my stomach far more hopeful than they had any right to be . 
 `` would you still be interested in getting a drink with me tonight ? '' 
 `` i 'd love to , '' i said , grinning into the phone . 
 i was imagining his reciprocal smile on the other side of the line . 
 `` where would you like to meet ? '' 
 `` have you ever been to de luxe ? 
 i have a standing reservation there we can use , '' he asked . 
 my jaw dropped a little . 
 it was only the most exclusive , expensive and infamous club in chicago . 
 `` no , '' i answered . 
 `` but i know where it is . '' 
 `` would you be able to meet me there in half an hour ? 
 just tell the bouncer you 're meeting me and you wo n't have to wait in line , '' he said , as if walking into de luxe was something normal . 
 `` i can do that . '' 
 i was bouncing up and down on the couch and trying very hard to keep my voice steady . 
 `` i 'll see you there . '' 
 `` great ! '' 
 he sounded excited as well . 
 `` see you soon ! '' 
 i hung up the phone , stared at it for a moment and then let out a whoop that made the neighbor 's dog start barking . 
 i was going to go to de luxe with logan hayes ! 
 twenty-five minutes later , i was stepping out of a cab in front of the most exclusive club in the city . 
 the line to get in wound around the block , but i walked past them all to get to the front door . 
 a big man with sunglasses , even though it was almost dark out , stood guard over the entrance . 
 i swallowed hard and went up to him , hoping i was giving off an aura of importance . 
 the people in line stared at me , and i could hear whispers as i approached . 
 `` excuse me , '' i said , putting as much confidence in my voice as i could muster . 
 `` i 'm olivia statler . 
 i 'm here to meet mr. logan hayes . '' 
 when the man did n't move a muscle , i nearly took a step back . 
 maybe he was n't here yet , or i had gotten the address wrong . 
 the big guard slowly looked down at the guest list , and his face immediately softened as he read it . 
 `` right this way , ms. statler . '' 
 he moved to the side and lowered the red velvet rope to let me in . 
 i heard at least two gasps from the line as i bypassed everyone in it . 
 the man had a warm smile that changed him from incredibly intimidating to teddy bear for the two seconds he let me see it . 
 i stepped into the entryway and could see the main room . 
 it was romantically lit , with silver couches and glowing tables . 
 music thrummed through the building , and the dance floor was already alive with dancers . 
 `` ms. statler ? '' 
 a woman in a flattering silver dress suit tapped my shoulder and motioned me to follow her . 
 she took me up a flight of stairs , past an even bigger security guard , and into the vip lounge . 
 logan was waiting for me at a table overlooking the dance floor . 
 he stood as soon as he saw me , a grin nearly splitting his face in two . 
 `` you look spectacular , '' he said appreciatively , his eyes traversing my figure at least twice . 
 i blushed , but i did n't mind that he was looking . 
 in fact , i rather liked the idea that he was . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i sat down at the table and looked him over . 
 `` you look pretty spectacular yourself . '' 
 he beamed and shrugged as if it were nothing . 
 he had changed into a black suit and smoothed his hair back . 
 the overall effect was one of rugged sophistication , and it looked damn good on him . 
 `` i took the liberty of ordering a bottle of champagne . 
 do you like dom perignon ? '' 
 he pulled out a bottle from an ice bucket sitting on the table that i had n't noticed . 
 `` i 've never had it , '' i said , shaking my head . 
 `` then , now is a perfect time to try something new . '' 
 he handed me a glass and poured out the golden liquid . 
 i took a careful sip , and the bubbles tickled my nose . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 `` honestly ? '' 
 i set my glass down on the table and looked at it . 
 `` i hate to say this , but it just tastes like plain old champagne to me . 
 i do n't taste anything special about it . 
 i guess i 'm a terrible champagne drinker . '' 
 logan laughed , making me feel completely at ease . 
 `` it took me a long time to taste the difference , but half the fun is just ordering it and watching peoples ' reactions . '' 
 i took another sip to steady my nerves . 
 i was having a hard time not staring at him . 
 `` have you spoken with your father yet ? '' 
 `` no , '' he said , shaking his head . 
 `` i have a meeting with him tomorrow . 
 i 'm very hopeful about it , though . 
 your idea is perfect for travel , inc. . 
 i 'm really looking forward to getting to work with you . '' 
 `` me too , '' i replied , feeling a blush warming my cheeks . 
 i wanted to do more than just work with him . 
 i looked up at him , and the look on his face said he wanted more too . 
 the fact that we were out for drinks before he spoke to his father implied that this was n't a business meeting . 
 the butterflies in my stomach danced for joy , and i took another sip of champagne to quiet them . 
 `` so , '' he said , clearing his throat . 
 `` you said you 've never been here before ? 
 not on a date or anything ? '' 
 `` i 've been so busy getting my business started that i have n't had time to go on dates , '' i explained . 
 i paused to take another sip of champagne and looked up coyly from my drink . 
 `` if you 're trying to find out , i 'm not currently seeing anyone . '' 
 logan coughed a little on his drink , blushing slightly . 
 he patted his chest and cleared his throat . 
 `` that 's good to know , '' he said with a smirk . 
 `` i 'm glad to know i did n't get dressed up for nothing . '' 
 now it was my turn to blush . 
 there was a silence for a moment as our eyes remained locked . 
 `` so ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` so , what ? '' 
 he asked back . 
 `` so ... are you currently seeing anyone ? '' 
 he laughed and my heart fluttered . 
 `` ms. statler , you have n't done your research very well . '' 
 my jaw dropped a little bit . 
 `` i could say the same about you ! 
 besides , i only looked up your company , not you . 
 i thought that was the most polite way about doing things . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` maybe . 
 maybe i already knew that you were n't seeing anyone . '' 
 i laughed as i rolled my eyes , then i looked back at him . 
 his look was a little too serious . 
 i lifted my eyebrows , as if to ask the question again . 
 `` yes , olivia , i 'm single , '' he said with a smile . 
 he looked at the curtain over the balcony at the dance floor . 
 `` and now that that business is out of the way , here 's a question i could n't find the answer to . 
 do you dance ? '' 
 i glanced down at the dance floor . 
 people were dancing and gyrating below us . 
 everyone was having a great time . 
 `` oh , no . 
 no way . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` what 's the matter ? 
 did n't have fun in college ? '' 
 i laughed and threw back the rest of my glass of champagne . 
 when i put the glass down , i said , `` i had plenty of fun in college . 
 this just was n't my scene . '' 
 `` what about now ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` now ? '' 
 `` do you have fun now ? '' 
 i laughed again . 
 `` sometimes it seems like all i do is work . 
 but , yes , i have fun . '' 
 `` okay , then let 's have some fun . '' 
 he stood , holding his hand out for me . 
 i smiled and accepted it , letting him lead the way as i slowly walked behind him in my heels . 
 he moved with a smooth confidence that i enjoyed watching . 
 even after he got us past the curtain to the vip room , the crowd seemed to part for him as he walked toward the stairs . 
 both of us were getting glances from the entire floor , and i knew exactly why . 
 we were a sexy couple , even if we were n't technically together . 
 i was n't used to the attention , but i enjoyed their looks . 
 we slowly descended the stairs and logan continued to lead me toward the dance floor . 
 i was actually getting pretty nervous by the time we finally made our way past the last table and onto the raised floor . 
 he did n't stop there , though , he kept going , straight toward the center of the dance floor , melting into the crowd . 
 when he got to his destination , he turned to me . 
 his eyes gave me a quick once-over , a hungry glance , before he leaned in and put his hands on my hips . 
 immediately , i could feel them gripping me through the soft fabric of my dress . 
 my h * ps began to sway as he guided me through the motions , keeping in perfect time with the tempo . 
 i never considered myself to be a good dancer , but it was easy with logan . 
 my body responded to his , finding the rhythm of the music as it thrummed through me . 
 i could help but look down at his h * ps moving , wondering what they 'd look like without those fantastic pants on top of them , thrusting to the beat of the music . 
 the thought shocked me a little bit , so i looked back into his eyes . 
 they were still looking at me with that hungry look . 
 i did n't look away . 
 i looked right back at him , putting my hand over his shoulder and drawing him in closer to me . 
 we seemed to be matched in perfect time for a moment . 
 even when the song changed , he did n't seem to miss a beat , just changing his tempo as we continued to dance . 
 it was a perfect moment . 
 too perfect , it seemed . 
 an exotic looking woman in a tight dress danced over near us . 
 she ignored me as she put her hands in her hair and began to dance up against logan , showing him just how interested she was . 
 my mouth dropped as i looked at her , and she gave me a quick look like she had already decided that she did n't care what i thought . 
 she was absolutely supermodel gorgeous and she was going after logan like a lioness . 
 she did n't even consider me a threat . 
 logan surprised me . 
 normally i would expect a man to react , positively or negatively . 
 i expected him to turn and either begin to dance with her or tell her that he was n't interested . 
 however , his eyes never left my body . 
 his hands never left my sides . 
 he completely ignored her , acting like she did n't exist . 
 even when she leaned in and whispered something in his ear , he never reacted . 
 he was fixated on me . 
 the woman stared at him confused , frozen as the music beat around her . 
 she certainly was n't expecting that reaction . 
 she finally shook herself before huffing off like a wet cat . 
 logan 's gaze still pierced into me , completely oblivious to the other woman . 
 i had never felt this sexy in my life . 
 logan hayes had turned down a gorgeous woman for me . 
 hope and excitement bubbled up inside of me . 
 he liked me , hopefully as much as i liked him . 
 it was n't just a physical connection either . 
 it could have just been my imagination , but i felt like there was a bond between us . 
 something that would last past the songs of the evening and into the future . 
 from the way he looked at me , he felt it too . 
 maybe it was the alcohol , but i wanted him so badly at that moment . 
 the music and the way my body was responding to his had me wanting to push this further . 
 i knew we had an intellectual connection , but right now , the physical one was overpowering . 
 i leaned in , grinding into him a little bit more . 
 i put my hands in my hair as the other woman had done , turning around slowly . 
 his hands moved up and down my sides , exploring me in ways that excited me . 
 while his left hand remained on my hip , his right hand moved up my back . 
 i shivered as his fingers met the bare skin of my neck , moving up into my hair . 
 he grabbed a handful and gripped me . 
 it was n't pulling , it was guiding me , and it was so incredibly sexy . 
 a voice whispered in my ear . 
 `` i 've never met any girl who could make me react like you . '' 
 i could n't help but moan , both in lust and in acknowledgment . 
 `` no woman i 've ever met has ever had the sense of humor , the business acumen , and the raw sexual energy that you have . '' 
 i giggled . 
 `` you sure know how to talk to a girl . '' 
 his voice turned very low . 
 `` so it 's working ? '' 
 i decided to answer by pressing back into him . 
 when i felt how hard he had gotten through his pants , i knew that he wanted exactly what i did . 
 he inhaled sharply as i began to grind up against him . 
 i turned around to face him again . 
 his hand was still in my hair , and i fell into him . 
 he smelled so good , like clean soap and a light , woodsy cologne . 
 my eyes flutter shut as i lifted onto my tiptoes and kissed him . 
 it started light , but quickly became more as kissed me back . 
 we continued to dance on the floor , kissing and swaying to the beat of the music , for a few long minutes . 
 it was heaven . 
 he broke from the kiss . 
 `` have you ever been in a limo ? '' 
 he whispered into my ear , his hands tightening on my waist . 
 i loved how i felt with him touching me . 
 `` no , '' i replied slowly , my eyes still closed from the kiss . 
 `` want to take a ride in mine ? '' 
 he asked . 
 my eyes shot open . 
 what kind of girl did he take me for ? 
 i thought . 
 however , when i saw the look on his face , the sheer lust and desire that he felt , i knew i could n't say no . 
 i was exactly that kind of girl when it came to him . 
 i nodded my head quickly . 
 in a moment , his hand was on mind , leading me back through the club . 
 chapter 13 two years earlier we stepped out the back door and walked past the limo driver , who was flirting with one of the club 's waitresses . 
 he started to follow after us , but logan waved him off . 
 the driver shrugged and returned to smiling at the pretty girl as we hurried across the dark parking lot to the limo . 
 logan opened the door , tucking his free arm behind him and standing at attention as if he were escorting royalty . 
 i giggled and slid across the leather seats into the vehicle . 
 i had never been in a limo before , and it took me a moment to soak it all in . 
 the seats were made of white leather and wrapped three-quarters of the limo in comfort . 
 the fourth side was a bar , complete with champagne , glasses , and an assortment of mixers and booze . 
 the ceiling was composed of blue lights and mirrors that cast the entire back seat in sexy shadows . 
 giddy butterflies danced around in my stomach . 
 it had been a while since i had been with a man , and an even longer while since i had been this attracted to one . 
 i hoped that we were going to do what i thought we were going to do . 
 i had never had a one-night-stand-not even in college-but there was just something about logan that made me want him and trust him . 
 being with him felt like instinct and did n't require any thought . 
 it felt right . 
 logan sat down beside me and closed the door behind him . 
 he reached over and hit a couple of buttons on a panel , which turned on some low , sultry jazz and raised the privacy window . 
 our knees bumped as we sat on the shorter seat at the very rear of the limo . 
 now that we were here-now we were actually about to do this-i was suddenly nervous . 
 what if he did n't like me as much as i liked him ? 
 i turned to kiss him just as he reached for me . 
 instead of meeting in a sensuous , passionate kiss , we bumped noses and missed the kiss entirely . 
 i could feel a blush radiate from my forehead down to my toes . 
 thankfully , logan laughed . 
 `` so much for me being suave , '' he joked , instantly taking away any embarrassment . 
 he shrugged out of his jacket and folded it over the back of the seat . 
 `` shall we try again ? '' 
 i nodded , grinning like a love-struck idiot . 
 he put his thumb to my cheek and lightly curled his fingers against my jaw . 
 gently , he drew me to him , guiding our mouths together in a sweet and sensual kiss . 
 it was deep and hungry as he tasted me completely before pulling back to look at me . 
 he had such beautiful eyes . 
 they were warm and dark like velvet , and with burning golden embers scattered throughout that enveloped me completely . 
 a girl would do just about anything to be lost in those eyes . 
 his hand went to my back as i leaned forward to taste him again , pressing my leg against his . 
 i loved the way his palm and fingers caressed my skin , stopping only when they hit the silky black fabric at my lower back . 
 i started to unbutton his shirt , working my way up from the bottom with careful fingers . 
 the creamy fabric opened easily , revealing his smooth , muscular chest underneath . 
 placing my palms on his pectoral muscles , i could feel his heart pounding in his chest . 
 it was beating just as hard as mine was . 
 the idea that this confident , charming man could be as excited and nervous as i was gave me a strange sort of courage . 
 maybe he did like me after all . 
 i pushed the shirt from his shoulders , and he helped me remove it completely . 
 i stared at his broad shoulders and chest , my mouth going dry with lust . 
 he was gorgeous . 
 absolutely gorgeous . 
 they say that sometimes the suit makes the man , but in this case , the man made the suit . 
 logan looked even more amazing without his shirt than i ever could have imagined . 
 for a moment , i felt self-conscious about the padding around my middle , but then i looked up into his eyes and realized that he did n't see it . 
 he was looking at me like i was some sort of creamy , delicious dessert . 
 a tattoo just above his heart caught my eye . 
 in a flowing font that could only be a woman 's handwriting , the words `` all my love '' were marked on his chest . 
 i traced them with my finger , feeling the pulse of his heart underneath . 
 `` it 's for my mom , '' he said , answering my unspoken question . 
 `` she wrote that on the bottom of the last birthday card she gave me . 
 when she died , i wanted a part of her to always be with me . '' 
 there was an ache deep in my chest for his loss . 
 i had read enough about travel , inc. to know that logan 's mother had helped his father start the company and then died in a tragic car accident when logan was just a boy . 
 the fact that none of the hayes men ever talked about her in public spoke to the pain they still felt from her passing . 
 touching her words , i knew i was now part of a very elite few . 
 `` it 's a beautiful tribute , '' i said quietly . 
 i looked up at logan 's face . 
 there was just a hint of sadness , but he did n't move my hand from his mother 's words . 
 `` i think she would have liked you , '' he replied . 
 smiling , he banished any remaining traces of sadness from his eyes . 
 `` do you have any tattoos ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no , i almost got a butterfly on my lower back when i turned eighteen , but i did n't have a good reason for it , other than being eighteen . 
 but then i realized that i would n't care about being eighteen in a year , but that tattoo would be with me forever . 
 i decided then that my tattoos should have meaning . 
 like yours . '' 
 i touched the words on his chest again . 
 logan reached down and took my chin in his fingers , raising my face to look at him . 
 he smiled , soft and sweet . 
 it melted what was left of my heart into a puddle . 
 slowly , he pulled me to him and kissed me again . 
 i closed my eyes and reveled in his kiss . 
 i did n't want to open them ; i was afraid that this was a dream and i would wake up at any moment to find that this sexy , handsome , funny man was all in my imagination . 
 i did n't even care that he was insanely wealthy . 
 he liked me and found me attractive . 
 stubborn , perfectionist , goofy me . 
 it had to be a dream . 
 the intensity of the kiss increased in intensity from tender to insistent . 
 heat and passion erupted from our lips . 
 logan 's hands went again to the skin on my back like he could n't get enough of it . 
 his every movement made me hotter . 
 i wanted him so badly i could barely think . 
 his mouth was firm and hungry , his tongue caressing mine like he could n't get enough of my taste . 
 i pulled back , gasping for breath . 
 logan 's eyes burned with desire , drawing me to him like a moth to the flame . 
 i reached behind me and tugged on the short zipper that held my dress together . 
 logan 's pupils dilated as the tight fabric loosened . 
 i held it to my chest for a moment , my heart speeding out of control . 
 this was the moment of truth . 
 i let the dress fall . 
 he stared , open mouthed and completely enthralled . 
 `` you are so damn beautiful , '' he finally whispered , raising his eyes from my body . 
 i blushed . 
 the look on his face made me feel incredibly feminine and wanted . 
 desire poured from him as i tugged on the hem and wiggled out of the dress , leaving nothing behind but my heels and a pretty little lacy panty . 
 as logan let out a strained breath , a thrill went through me . 
 granted , i was n't the most experienced girl in the world , but no man had ever looked at me like that . 
 his reaction was genuine and empowering . 
 i could easily see the effect i was having on him , and it made me want him all the more . 
 i kissed him , this time pressing my bare chest against his . 
 he groaned into my lips , wrapping his strong arms around me and pulling me more tightly against him . 
 i shifted my legs , lifting one and sliding it across his lap until i was straddling him . 
 the bulge of his erection pressed through his pants and up toward the lace of my underwear . 
 i rocked gently against him , wanting to do far more than just that . 
 cupping one of my br ** sts in his palm , he stroked my nipple with his thumb until it grew taut . 
 a string of desire ran straight from that nipple into the depths of my core and sent vibrations of lust throughout my whole being . 
 i could n't stop my hands from tracing down the line of his stomach , lower and lower to his waistline . 
 it only took me a moment to undo the belt and the button below it so i could slide my hand into his pants . 
 we both gasped as i touched him . 
 he was hard and ready . 
 i caressed the stretched fabric of his briefs , feeling the heat and strength of his erection increase with every touch . 
 his visceral reaction turned me on more than i could imagine . 
 it made me braver , made me want more , made me take more . 
 `` lie down , '' he commanded , putting his hands on my hips . 
 i cocked my head , and he grinned , lifting me off of him and onto the longer limo seat . 
 he pushed his pants down , kicking them and his shoes to the side as he knelt on the floor by my feet . 
 excitement bubbled in my stomach at the wonderful things he could do from that position . 
 with strong hands , he bent one of my legs up on the seat and spread the other wide so my foot touched the floor . 
 i was deliciously exposed to him . 
 with a feather-light touch , he ran his fingers up from sensitive skin of my inner thigh , up to the lacy edge of my panties . 
 just feeling his fingers brush across my most erogenous zone made me gasp . 
 he chuckled , and did it again . 
 i lay my head back and watched his reflection in the blue mirrors of the ceiling as he pulled on the stretchy lace band and slowly removed my underwear . 
 i lay bare for him , wearing nothing but heels and a smile as he spread my legs further and dipped his head to taste me . 
 the first lick was wet and warm and sent me shooting into the stratosphere with pleasure . 
 he hummed and teased , using his tongue , lips and teeth to deliver the most exquisite torture . 
 i arched and writhed under his touch , but he never stopped pushing me to the edge of what i could tolerate . 
 the fire he had started within me was flashing with white heat , and the deep need to be filled growing more insistent . 
 i skittered over the edge of oblivion , gasping as i froze and shook , lost to the erotic waves coursing through every fiber of my being . 
 when i came back to my senses , the ache to be filled , to have him inside of me was unbearable . 
 i would have done anything to have him complete me . 
 `` please , '' i whimpered , raising my head to look at his handsome face . 
 `` i want you . '' 
 the air was charged with electric anticipation . 
 my eyes drifted across his face , letting the hunger for him show through . 
 he nodded sharply , reaching for his pants . 
 in less than a heartbeat , he had his briefs off and a condom ready . 
 i could n't take my eyes from his body , watching as he came closer and then slowly prepared to join me . 
 it was heaven . 
 he filled me to the hilt , sliding in and out to a slow , sensual beat that drove me wild . 
 i arched and writhed against his strength , gasping his name as he filled me again and again . 
 he was like no other lover i had ever had . 
 he completed me in the most physical and carnal way possible . 
 he panted , increasing his rhythm as lust overtook him . 
 with a sweet shock , i realized it was me that was making him pant , making him lose himself . 
 i shuddered against him , letting him claim me for his own . 
 sweet cl ** ax washed over me , and i cried out in ecstasy . 
 he took my body and gave me his in return . 
 logan 's low , ragged groan answered my cry as he followed me over the edge and into pure pleasure . 
 slowly , i opened my eyes and found him smiling warmly down at me . 
 i had to consciously relax my hands from his back ; i had been clinging to him with a desperation that surprised me . 
 i never wanted this moment to end . 
 here in his arms , i was safe and warm . 
 i felt loved , though i knew it was too early for me to have the right to say it out loud . 
 `` logan ? '' 
 i murmured , enjoying the way his name felt on my lips . 
 `` hmm ? '' 
 he answered , smiling down at me with those beautiful brown eyes . 
 `` that was wonderful , '' which was a complete understatement . 
 there was no word in the human language that described just how wonderful it had been . 
 `` i agree . '' 
 he shifted his weight slightly , giving me more space but still staying within me . 
 i never wanted him to leave me . 
 the corners of his mouth quirked up in a cocky grin . 
 `` can i call you again ? 
 i know this great little italian restaurant with an even better parking lot . '' 
 i giggled . 
 `` that would be great . '' 
 he kissed me gently before slowly moving away . 
 i ached for more as he left me , wanting to be close to him forever . 
 he rummaged through the bar until he found some napkins . 
 together we cleaned up and slowly put our clothes back on . 
 i wondered if the limo driver was in the front seat yet or if he was still flirting with the waitress . 
 `` do you want to go back in ? '' 
 logan asked , helping me zip my dress . 
 i opened my mouth to answer , but instead a jaw-cracking yawn escaped . 
 i pressed my hand to my mouth . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` no , you 're fine . '' 
 `` i was nervous about our meeting , so i did n't sleep very well last night . 
 i guess it 's catching up with me . 
 it 's just been a busy day , '' i admitted . 
 `` it 's been a great day , '' he corrected . 
 i grinned at him . 
 `` better than great . '' 
 and then i yawned again . 
 `` i 'm so sorry ! '' 
 `` do n't be , '' he reassured me . 
 `` let me take you home . '' 
 `` okay , '' i said , settling into one of the seats of the limo , suddenly very sleepy . 
 `` who knows , maybe i 'll even invite you up . '' 
 logan went to the door and opened it , sticking his head out and waving to the limo driver . 
 it took a moment , but i soon heard the door open and shut as the driver returned . 
 logan lowered the privacy screen . 
 `` where to , sir ? '' 
 the driver asked as soon as it was down . 
 the limo 's engine purred to life as i recited my address . 
 the lights dimmed , and logan wrapped his arm around me as we started moving . 
 everything was comfortable and warm . 
 i felt protected and wanted . 
 maybe even loved . 
 i had never felt this strongly about someone before , nor had i ever imagined i could feel so deeply so soon . 
 i actually felt happy instead of guilty about our horizontal tango , which was a first for me . 
 i really , really liked him . 
 it surprised me , but it felt right . 
 logan felt right . 
 we belonged together . 
 i rested my head against logan 's shoulder , unable to stay upright . 
 the day 's events had finally caught up to me . 
 throw in some mind-blowing sex , and i was amazed i still had the energy to breathe . 
 even though i did n't mean to , i could n't help dozing off , lulled by the engine and logan 's warmth . 
 `` where are your keys ? '' 
 logan asked gently , waking me as we arrived at my apartment . 
 `` purse , '' i murmured , my tongue thick with sleep . 
 `` the gold key 's for the front door and the silver one undoes the deadbolt on my apartment ... 2b ... '' i heard the jingle of my keys and then i was in logan 's arms . 
 he lifted me as though i were a child , carrying me out of the limo and up the stairs to my apartment . 
 i could hear the driver mumbling my instructions of gold and silver keys as he opened the doors ahead of us . 
 i was glad logan was carrying me . 
 i was so tired , i fell asleep again in his arms on the way up the stairs . 
 the next thing i knew was the soft , welcoming embrace of my mattress . 
 logan carefully took off my shoes and neatly placed them on the floor by my bed before pulling the covers up to my chin . 
 deep sleep was beckoning me forward , but i struggled to stay awake to say goodnight . 
 a beam of light from the living room shone on his handsome face . 
 `` shh , '' logan whispered , soothing me back to sleep . 
 he smoothed my hair from my face and gently kissed my forehead . 
 `` sweet dreams , olivia . '' 
 he closed the door behind him , taking the light with him , and i quickly lost myself again to dreams . 
 chapter 14 present day -------- `` coming up at seven , news from the middle east ... '' i clicked the tv off . 
 i had exactly fifteen minutes before logan was supposed to arrive . 
 butterflies danced in my stomach , and i could n't keep the smile off my face as i slid on my favorite cotton sundress . 
 it was a deep red that darkened to purple as it descended to just above my knees . 
 i had no reason to look forward to dinner with logan , but i could n't help it . 
 my body and brain remembered two very different logans , and right now , my body was remembering harder . 
 i could almost feel his fingers on my skin again , the way his body had felt pressed against mine . 
 i wanted to believe he had n't meant to hurt me , that all the heartache had been an accident . 
 i wanted to believe that it could turn out better this time . 
 my cellphone started to ring on my nightstand . 
 since this was a business trip , i had left it on . 
 i was intending to leave it in my room for dinner , but as i still had a few minutes to wait , i picked it up . 
 `` olivia ? 
 it 's me , susan , '' the voice on the other line said . 
 susan was my best consultant and the manager of the other five home consultants . 
 she was in charge of running things while maddy and i were on vacation . 
 my smile faded . 
 she was only supposed to call if there were problems . 
 `` is something wrong ? '' 
 i asked , hoping that she was just overreacting to something that did n't matter . 
 `` i 'm really sorry to bother you on your vacation , but ... '' susan hesitated , and i could practically hear her biting her lip . 
 `` what is it , susan ? '' 
 panic was starting to rise in my throat , and the butterflies in my stomach were now dancing to a very different beat . 
 `` four of our consultants just quit , '' she blurted out . 
 it took me a moment , but my knees figured out this was bad news before my brain did and i sank onto the bed . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked , not because i did n't hear her , but because i could n't believe what i 'd heard . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i asked , and they said they were n't supposed to say , but i leaned on melissa , and she spilled . '' 
 susan took a deep breath . 
 i knew i was n't going to like what she was going to say . 
 `` they were offered positions at travel , inc. . 
 same job , but way more money . '' 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 this could n't be happening . 
 i could n't wrap my head around it . 
 i paid more than average because i wanted to retain the best travel consultants . 
 i could n't believe travel , inc. would stoop this low . 
 `` yeah . 
 i was n't sure if she was telling the truth , but then i got a phone call about thirty minutes ago offering the same thing to me . 
 the pay is substantially more , and they wanted us to start right away . 
 no two weeks ' notice or anything , '' she told me . 
 i could hear the stress in her voice . 
 `` i want you to know , i did n't take it . 
 you have been the best boss i 've ever had , and i did n't feel right about it . '' 
 `` thank you , susan . 
 i really appreciate that , '' i replied mechanically . 
 i was reeling . 
 this could n't be happening . 
 `` i know you 're on vacation , but i figured you should know . 
 i 'm really sorry , but i figured this fell under the ` call you if there 's an emergency ' clause . 
 i sent you an email with all their notices . '' 
 susan sounded dejected . 
 she knew as well as i did that this would be a devastating blow to my business . 
 without consultants , i did n't have the concierge personalization part of my travel agency . 
 it would take weeks to hire and train new ones . 
 `` you did the right thing . '' 
 i took a deep breath and pinched the bridge of my nose . 
 `` who left ? '' 
 `` lisa , joan , amber , and stacy . 
 diane said they called , but she turned them down . '' 
 `` shit , '' i whispered . 
 joan and amber were my best up-sellers . 
 `` this is bad . 
 i 'll be on the next flight home . '' 
 `` what about your vacation ? '' 
 susan asked , surprise in her voice . 
 `` if i do n't have consultants making these bookings , then i do n't have a business . 
 without a business , no vacations . '' 
 i stood up and grabbed my empty suitcase , throwing it on the bed . 
 `` this is low , even for travel , inc. '' `` i 'm really sorry , olivia , '' susan said . 
 i knew she meant it too . 
 `` it 's not your fault . 
 i 'll call you once i have a flight , '' i told her . 
 clicking off the phone , i stopped and stared at my suitcase , my vision blurring with tears . 
 i could n't believe logan had done this to me ... again . 
 i was about to spend an wonderful evening with him , and he 'd already managed to ruin it . 
 again . 
 i wondered if he was even planning on telling me what he had done or if he was just looking for a good time . 
 i angrily threw some clothes in the suitcase before getting distracted and instead turned to my computer to open up the email from susan . 
 all four resignations were there . 
 i hit print and called maddy . 
 `` maddy , travel , inc. 's trying to ruin us . 
 i have to get home . 
 will you get me on the next flight back ? 
 i do n't care how much it costs . '' 
 `` sure , '' maddy answered . 
 `` i 'm actually at my computer now . 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 `` four of our consultants just quit . 
 they have jobs at travel , inc. now , '' i said softly . 
 it felt horrible to say it out loud . 
 `` what ? '' 
 maddy squawked . 
 i heard the phone hit the desk and then the scramble for her to pick it up . 
 `` how is that possible ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , but i 'm going to get to the bottom of it . '' 
 shock had now graduated to anger . 
 `` the earliest i can get you is a flight out at nine tomorrow morning , '' she said . 
 i could hear her clicking on her computer . 
 `` there are warnings that it might be delayed due to weather , but you 're all booked . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 i do n't care as long as i can get home to fix this mess . 
 i 'll forward you what 's happening , '' i said , picking up the freshly-printed letters . 
 `` do you need me to come too ? 
 tyler and i can be packed and ready to go in no time , '' she offered . 
 `` no , '' i told her . 
 `` i can handle it . 
 no reason for all of us to suffer . 
 besides , this vacation has been so good for tyler . 
 you two stay . '' 
 `` okay , '' she said with a hint of relief in her voice . 
 `` were n't you supposed to have dinner with logan tonight ? 
 i thought tyler said something along those lines ... '' `` we were . 
 i 'm going to go ask him about this now . '' 
 my hands shook with fury . 
 i could n't believe he would do this me . 
 `` do n't kill him , '' maddy replied , only half-joking . 
 `` but if you do , i 'll help you hide the body . 
 this storm will make the perfect cover . '' 
 i smiled quickly and hung up the phone . 
 with proof of what his company had done , i stalked out in the hall to confront logan . 
 it felt like a strange repeat of the past , only this time , i 'd let him know just how i felt . 
 chapter 15 2 years earlier ... i stretched out , surprised to find myself in my own bed . 
 i vaguely remembered logan asking me about my keys , but i did n't remember putting myself under the covers . 
 i lifted the sheet and found i was still wearing my dress from the night before . 
 i stumbled out of bed and into the kitchen . 
 for a moment , i hoped i would find logan asleep on my couch , but the living room was empty . 
 however , sitting on the kitchen counter was a piece of paper . 
 logan 's messy handwriting filled the page . 
 dear olivia , thank you for the wonderful evening . 
 i ca n't remember the last time i had so much fun with someone . 
 it was one of the best nights of my life . 
 here is my personal phone number . 
 feel free to call me anytime . 
 - logan i smiled down at the note . 
 warm , fuzzy feelings floated through me like marshmallows in hot chocolate . 
 for once , things seemed to be working out the way they were supposed to . 
 i could finally feel success coming my way . 
 i turned on the coffee machine and went to start the shower . 
 i still smelled like him . 
 i almost did n't want to lose that scent , but the rest of me did not smell so nice . 
 plus , my hair and makeup now looked like something out of a scary movie . 
 i stepped under the warm water , feeling the night wash free . 
 i 'll have him again , i thought to myself . 
 it made me shiver with anticipation . 
 i wanted to wrap myself up in his arms again . 
 i replayed the night in my head , humming happily as i washed my hair . 
 i loved the way his eyes had glowed with want , but there was something more there . 
 i knew i was falling hard for him . 
 be honest , i scolded myself . 
 you fell for him the moment you saw him . 
 i knew it was true . 
 i was n't the type of girl who believed in love at first sight , but then , i also was n't the type of girl who had sex in the backseat of a limo on the first date , either . 
 we had just connected so well . 
 i could see us actually working out . 
 my phone rang in the other room , but my hair was full of shampoo suds . 
 i realized i had been standing under the water for twenty minutes without doing anything but thinking of logan . 
 i ducked under the water and quickly finished up my shower . 
 i hoped the call was from logan , even though it had n't been the requisite three days the movies all claimed he should wait . 
 with a towel wrapped around my head , i picked up my phone . 
 i had one missed call , but it unfortunately was n't from logan . 
 it was from worldoftravelagents.com , one of the bigger companies interested in buying my business . 
 i hesitated for a moment before calling them back , apprehension and excitement running through me . 
 it was n't official that travel , inc. was going to buy me out , but given what happened last night , i was pretty sure it was going to happen . 
 one did n't sleep with the coo and not get certain perks . 
 i was going to have to tell the other companies that travel , inc. was buying me out eventually . 
 i decided to give into my excitement from last night and share the news . 
 `` hello , mr. carmichael , '' i greeted the man who answered . 
 `` just calling you back . '' 
 `` olivia , '' mr. carmichael said warmly . 
 `` i was just calling to see if you had given our offer some more thought . '' 
 `` actually , i 'm going to have to decline , '' i said , trying to keep the excitement out of my voice . 
 `` travel , inc. is ready to start negotiations . 
 i should be signing paperwork this afternoon . '' 
 `` travel , inc. ? 
 that 's fantastic ! '' 
 mr. carmichael sounded genuinely excited for me . 
 `` from the minute i met you and saw your business plan , i knew you were destined for great things . 
 if travel , inc. wants you , there 's no way i can compete with what they can offer . 
 congratulations ! '' 
 `` thank you , mr. carmichael . '' 
 i was blushing and very glad he could n't see me through the phone . 
 `` i really appreciate it . 
 i want you to know that i was very interested in your proposal . '' 
 `` thank you , but travel , inc. really will give your business the boost it deserves . 
 i 'm so very happy for you , '' he congratulated me . 
 `` if i were in your shoes , i would be dancing up and down the street . 
 let me know if you 're ever thinking of acquiring more partners . 
 i 'd love to have travel , inc. as a resource . '' 
 `` i will keep you in mind , '' i told him . 
 `` thank you , again . '' 
 `` my pleasure , olivia . 
 good luck with travel , inc. , '' he said and we both hung up . 
 i set the phone back on my nightstand and grinned . 
 things were definitely going my way . 
 i threw on some clothes and pulled out my laptop . 
 i wanted to start implementing some of the ideas logan had given me last night while i waited for his call . 
 as i worked , i realized what a gift he had given me with his insights . 
 some of the issues he had found would have caused some serious delays . 
 he had shortened the learning curve on several of my implementation ideas . 
 i could n't wait to pick his brain again and learn even more . 
 i opened up my internet browser to check my email while i waited for my other programs to finish loading . 
 after a few minutes , i laughed as i realized i had opened up his website and had been staring at his company picture . 
 even on the computer screen , his eyes were mesmerizing and bathed me in their warmth . 
 i hoped we could celebrate dream vacations joining travel , inc. tonight . 
 i was even thinking of running out to my favorite lingerie shop to make sure i had something special to wear for the occasion . 
 `` get back to work , '' i chided myself softly , closing the webpage . 
 there was still so much for me to do . 
 he 'd call when he was ready . 
 until then , i could get everything set up to make the transition to travel , inc. as smooth as possible . 
 *** i looked up from the computer screen and blinked . 
 the sun was already setting , and the room was getting dark . 
 i had n't realized how much time had passed while i worked . 
 i had been so engrossed in my laptop and making improvements that i had completely lost track of time . 
 i quickly checked my phone , wondering if i had somehow missed logan 's call . 
 he should have heard something back from his father by this time of day . 
 i had honestly thought i would be a proud employee of travel , inc. by now . 
 no calls . 
 no texts . 
 no emails . 
 i frowned slightly . 
 this was n't exactly how i had envisioned things , but then i had never been bought by a billion-dollar company before . 
 maybe it took more time than i thought . 
 `` yeah , that 's it , '' i said to no one in particular . 
 `` these things just take time . 
 no reason to be nervous . '' 
 i nearly jumped out of my skin when the phone started ringing , vibrating in my hands . 
 i grinned as i recognized the number as one of the extensions of travel , inc. . 
 `` hello , '' i said warmly into the phone . 
 `` this is olivia statler . '' 
 `` ms. statler , '' a nasally female voice responded . 
 `` this is mr. logan hayes ' secretary . 
 i regret to inform you that travel , inc. is no longer interested in purchasing your company . '' 
 my heart sank as i heard her words . 
 `` what !? '' 
 i frowned at the phone . 
 there was no way i had heard that right . 
 `` we thank you for your time and wish you the best in your endeavors . 
 we at travel , inc. hope that you will continue to use travel , inc. for all your travel needs , '' she informed me . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 may i please speak with logan hayes ? '' 
 i was glad i was sitting because i felt a little faint . 
 there was no way this could be happening . 
 there had to be some sort of misunderstanding . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' the woman said . 
 `` he 's unavailable at this time . 
 good luck , ms. statler . '' 
 and she terminated the call . 
 i stared at the phone in disbelief . 
 this could n't be real . 
 this had to be some sort of strange initiation joke or something . 
 i ran to the kitchen and searched for the note he had left with his personal number . 
 my fingers shook as i dialed it . 
 it rang twice . 
 `` mr. logan hayes ' personal line , '' a polite female responded . 
 it was different than the one who had just called . 
 she sounded nicer . 
 `` may i please speak with mr. hayes ? 
 it 's very important . '' 
 i managed to sound professional and keep the panic out of my voice . 
 `` who is calling ? '' 
 i could hear her typing on a computer somewhere . 
 `` olivia statler , '' i informed her without hesitation . 
 this had to be some sort of mistake . 
 a funny mix-up we 'd all laugh about later . 
 `` i 'm sorry , ms. statler , '' she said slowly . 
 the typing stopped . 
 `` i 've been instructed to tell you that mr. hayes is no longer interested in your company . 
 professional or private . '' 
 `` i understand that , '' i said , even though i really did n't . 
 this did n't make any sense . 
 things had gone so well yesterday ! 
 `` but i really need to speak with him . 
 it 's urgent . '' 
 `` i 'm very sorry . 
 that 's not possible , '' she said firmly . 
 `` not possible ? 
 you 're sorry ? '' 
 i was getting angry now . 
 this was n't funny anymore . 
 i was supposed to be sipping champagne and celebrating with logan , not chatting with his secretaries about this nonsense . 
 `` that 's not good enough . 
 this is his private line . 
 i want to know why he was so excited about my company yesterday and today he wo n't talk to me ! '' 
 the secretary was quiet for a moment . 
 `` i 'm sorry , ms. statler . 
 if you would like , i can transfer you to mr. gerald hayes , ceo . 
 perhaps he can answer that question for you . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 i would appreciate that . '' 
 i rolled my eyes at her through the phone . 
 i knew it was n't her fault , but she was n't making me feel any better . 
 i did not appreciate being yanked around like this . 
 i heard her click a button , and hold music started to play . 
 i tried to take deep , calming breaths as i waited for gerald hayes to pick up the phone . 
 i was furious , but i knew it would n't do any good to yell at the ceo of the company . 
 i needed to be calm , cool , and professional . 
 `` hayes , '' a gravelly , masculine voice answered . 
 it was logan 's voice , but rougher , as if he had smoked several packs of cigarettes a day for most of his life . 
 `` mr. hayes , this is olivia statler - '' `` i know who you are , ms. statler , '' he interrupted me . 
 i was n't phased by it . 
 `` well , perhaps you can explain to me why your company showed interest in acquiring my business yesterday , but today is n't even willing to let me talk to anyone ? '' 
 i stood up tall in my kitchen even though i knew he could n't see me . 
 i felt like it would give me confidence to talk to him as an equal . 
 `` ms. statler , you are confusing my son with his business . 
 travel , inc. is not interested in your business nor its services . 
 your long-term marketing is no good , and your plan is doomed to failure . 
 i do n't invest in unsound practices , and as such , i 've declined the offer , '' he stated . 
 i could practically see him spinning slowly in a huge , leather chair and smoking a cigar , possibly twirling his mustache . 
 i wanted to punch him . 
 `` but yesterday - '' `` was yesterday , '' he interrupted again . 
 `` the business world moves fast , and if you are n't ready to move with it , you are going to be left behind . 
 these are the big leagues , little girl . '' 
 i seethed a little at the implication that i was falling behind and that he had the gall to call me a little girl . 
 `` now , just for the record , you gave an excellent presentation and logan was impressed , but ultimately , he failed to impress me with what your company would do for my business . 
 there is nothing personal here , ms. statler , just business , '' he explained . 
 just business my ass , i thought . 
 there had to be more to it than that . 
 `` now , i would appreciate it if you would n't contact us again about this matter . 
 if our interest changes , then we 'll contact you , '' he said . 
 `` i would also advise you to let my son be or we will be pursuing harassment charges . '' 
 `` but , mr. hayes - '' `` goodnight , ms. statler , '' he said , then he hung up . 
 i stared down at the phone in disbelief yet again . 
 i was absolutely dumbstruck . 
 all signs had pointed to yes . 
 what was i going to tell the other companies who 'd been interested in me ? 
 i could n't exactly call mr. carmichael up and say , `` hey ! 
 just kidding about travel , inc. ! '' 
 i sunk to the floor as i realized it was worse than that . 
 word was going to spread that travel , inc. thought i was a bad investment , that `` the long-term market was no good and your plan is doomed to failure . '' 
 if the biggest and best travel company around did n't think i was a good investment , the smaller ones would have every reason to believe them . 
 i was going to lose all my potential buyers because of this . 
 because i had trusted him . 
 a tear ran down my cheek and dropped onto the kitchen floor . 
 everything was ruined . 
 everything i had worked so hard to achieve , my dreams of running a travel agency , of being successful , were gone . 
 logan had crushed them all by leading me on and making me think that he wanted me . 
 that he had been interested not only in my business , but in me as a person . 
 i dialed his personal line again , but it did n't even go to the secretary . 
 this time , i got the operator with the annoying voice telling me that the line was no longer in service . 
 coward , i thought . 
 does n't even have the guts to tell me himself . 
 i could barely believe it . 
 he had been so wonderful last night . 
 i had started to let myself imagine a future with him . 
 i had liked him so much , but now , i realized it had just been a front . 
 he only wanted in my pants , and pretending to believe in my company was the easiest way to get there . 
 i could n't believe i had let myself be so easily duped . 
 i pulled my hair up and out of my face and took a deep breath . 
 i was n't about to let some coward and his terrible father make a fool of me . 
 i had worked too hard for this . 
 if the hayes family thought this was going to slow me down , they were wrong . 
 this was just a bump in the road . 
 my idea was a great one and it was going to work . 
 they were going to be sorry they messed with olivia statler . 
 i 'd show them . 
 i was still crying , but i 'd show them all . 
 chapter 16 present day -------- bang , bang , bang ! 
 i brought my fist down hard on the wood of logan 's hotel door . 
 i was so angry i could barely see straight . 
 how dare he take my employees ! 
 he opened the door , confusion shifting into a welcoming smile as soon as he saw me . 
 his hair was wet , and he was obviously in the middle of attempting to smooth it . 
 little droplets of water darkened the pale blue shoulders of his dress shirt . 
 `` i thought i was picking you up ... '' he greeted me , opening the door wider to allow me in . 
 `` what the hell is this ? '' 
 i thrust the printed resignation letters into his chest . 
 i could n't believe he was still planning on taking me out for dinner . 
 he fumbled with them for a moment as i crossed my arms and waited angrily for a response . 
 `` um ... '' logan turned the sheets in his hands and did a very good job at looking legitimately confused . 
 `` they look like resignation letters ? 
 i 'm afraid i do n't understand what 's going on . '' 
 `` like hell you do n't , '' i sneered . 
 `` travel , inc. just hired four of my best consultants out from under me . 
 what kind of sick , twisted game are you playing ? '' 
 he looked down at the papers in his hands in shock . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` what was your plan ? 
 invite me to dinner , and while i 'm distracted by your charming smile , collapse my business so you can buy it on a discount ? '' 
 i took a step back into the hallway . 
 `` that 's low . 
 even for you . '' 
 `` i swear to you , i had nothing to do with this . '' 
 logan 's eyes were wide and his face had lost all semblance of his earlier smile . 
 he had his innocent act down cold . 
 i could have almost believed him . 
 `` right . 
 just like you had nothing to do with it the last time you screwed me over . '' 
 i took a step down the hallway , then turned as i thought of what i had always wanted to say to him . 
 `` how 'd that work out for you last time ? '' 
 logan cocked his head to the side , brows together as he stood in his doorway holding the letters . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` the last time you did this to me . '' 
 i glared up at him , fury burning through my bones . 
 `` what was the plan that time ? 
 get my hopes up , tell my other investors off , and then wait to buy me out when i was desperate ? 
 did n't work out so well for you . 
 you could have had me for almost nothing . 
 i would have given you everything . 
 now , i 'm worth millions and not selling . 
 this latest attempt is going to fare just as well as the first one . '' 
 `` what ? 
 no , that was never ... '' logan shook his head forcefully in denial . 
 `` olivia , i had nothing to do with this ! 
 any of it ! 
 this is all my father 's doing . 
 you have to believe me ! '' 
 `` no , i do n't . '' 
 i gave him a cold once-over and was n't pleased with what i saw . 
 `` i never should have believed you in the first place . '' 
 i turned on my heel and marched down the hallway . 
 `` damn it , olivia ... '' he cursed as he hurried out into the hall to follow me . 
 `` wait , olivia , i can explain ! '' 
 but by then , i was already to my door . 
 i caught one last look of pleading as he ran toward me . 
 i did n't want to hear his explanations . 
 i had seen enough of him to last a lifetime . 
 i did n't need to be tricked by his lying ways or my gullible heart . 
 it felt so good for me to slam my door in his face . 
 i had n't had the chance to do that the last time we had met . 
 at least this time , maddy was n't here to screw things up . 
 as i started to throw things in my suitcase , i thought about that wedding we went to a year ago . 
 chapter 17 one year ago -------- maddy and i sipped daintily on cristal champagne as we wandered around the lush garden estates of our accounting firm 's head partner . 
 the soft music from a string quartet drifted among the roses as guests sipped champagne and nibbled on hors d'oeuvres while waiting for the reception to start . 
 the wedding of the mayor 's daughter to the son of chicago 's most successful accountant was dubbed the biggest social event of the year . 
 everyone who was anyone was going . 
 i had n't known that maddy and i were considered to be anyone until the day the invitation arrived . 
 it felt good to be someone . 
 we had been invited because our accountant happened to be one of the rising stars at that particular accounting firm , as well as the fact that our little business was making waves in the travel industry . 
 we were starting to receive recognition for our innovative approach to travel and there was no way maddy and i were going to say no to a wedding predicted to cost well over a million dollars , even if we had no idea what to get them as a gift . 
 `` did you hear who is here ? '' 
 maddy whispered as we walked through an archway covered in roses . 
 `` who is n't here ? 
 i saw that actor you like , '' i whispered back . 
 i felt like we were sneaking around the property . 
 despite having rented two designer dresses and getting our hair and makeup done professionally , i still felt like we did n't belong . 
 i had this horrible premonition that security was going to find out we were there at any moment and throw us out . 
 i had the invitation with our names on it in my purse , ready to whip out and show anyone who asked . 
 `` i saw him , but i 'm talking about logan hayes , '' maddy said as we headed to the top of a grassy hill overlooking the main courtyard . 
 `` i guess i 'm not terribly surprised , '' i replied , trying to sound nonchalant . 
 just his name made my heart start to pound . 
 it had been a year since i had slept with him . 
 not even a phone call ... the bastard . 
 he was mysteriously `` out on a business trip '' every time i called his office . 
 luckily , with maddy around , i had moved on to other , more important things . 
 he was n't worth my anxiety or heartache . 
 i was completely over him . 
 totally . 
 `` i thought you hated him and were going to punch his lights out the next time you saw him ? '' 
 maddy quipped . 
 `` oh come on , maddy , that was months ago , '' i said , waving a dismissive hand . 
 `` eons , really . '' 
 `` it was last week . '' 
 she paused between two bushes covered with yellow flowers and gave me a very knowing look that i did not appreciate . 
 so maybe i was n't completely over him . 
 `` okay , so maybe i still have some issues , '' i conceded . 
 `` but , this is a wedding . 
 i can behave . 
 besides , i 've had a year to cool off . 
 he 's not worth the effort of being angry . 
 besides , what are the odds that we 'll even run into him ? 
 there are hundreds of guests here ! '' 
 `` right . '' 
 maddy gave me a skeptical look and downed the last of her champagne . 
 `` i 'm going to get some more of this liquid gold goodness . 
 you want some more ? '' 
 i held up my still mostly full glass . 
 i did n't see what she found so special about it . 
 it just tasted like plain old champagne to me . 
 dom perignon tasted better anyway . 
 `` i 'm good , thanks . 
 i 'll just wait here for you . '' 
 maddy nodded and headed off toward the main house where the bar was set up . 
 i sipped on my champagne again and looked out at the house and gardens . 
 below me in the main courtyard , the happy bride and groom were walking onto the stage . 
 they looked so blissfully in love . 
 `` enjoying the champagne ? '' 
 a deep voice from my dreams asked from behind me . 
 i shivered with simultaneous want and anger . 
 i knew that voice . 
 i turned slowly , almost afraid that i was dreaming , but there stood logan hayes . 
 the first thing i noticed was n't the dark blue designer suit that fit him like a glove , or the way all his hair but one stray curl was smoothed back , or even the scent of his cologne ; no , it was that he looked tired . 
 his eyes did n't have quite the luster i remembered and he looked thinner . 
 for one whole second , i hoped he was n't sick , but then i remembered that i 'd sooner have wished him dead . 
 `` better than dom , '' i lied . 
 my heart was pounding like that of a petrified rabbit . 
 i had envisioned this moment constantly for the past year , but now that it was here , i had no idea what i wanted to do . 
 i wanted to hit him for what he did and kiss him because i wanted more . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` i know the bride . 
 she and i went to high school together once upon a time , and we even tried our hand at dating one another , '' he replied . 
 `` we decided we were much better off as friends . '' 
 `` do you know the groom , then ? '' 
 i asked courteously , sipping mechanically on my champagne and trying not to panic . 
 slowly , though not without a fight , my anger toward him was giving way to my desire to kiss him , to run my fingers through his hair , to trace the words in his tattoo . 
 i wanted him to not look so damn tired . 
 `` i introduced them . 
 poor guy never thought he would get a girl like her , but they 're perfect for each another . 
 i get to claim matchmaker . 
 it took a little time , but they 're very happy they worked it out . 
 it 's really a sweet love story , '' he said with a genuinely happy smile . 
 he stepped back and looked me up and down . 
 `` you look fantastic , by the way . 
 stunning , really . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i could be polite . 
 i was n't even thinking of punching him . 
 maddy would be shocked . 
 `` is the rest of your family here too ? '' 
 `` my brother is around here somewhere . 
 he almost was n't invited , '' he replied , glancing over toward where the music was coming from . 
 `` but aiden knows how to apologize when he screws up . 
 my father does n't and as such was n't invited . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry to hear that . '' 
 i was secretly glad . 
 logan 's old man could stuff it where the sun do n't shine . 
 `` do n't be . 
 he is prone to doing things that make him very unpopular . '' 
 logan shrugged . 
 there was a back story i knew i was missing , but i did n't want to ask . 
 i hoped maddy would hurry up and get back so i could leave . 
 being this close to him was hard . 
 especially when he smiled . 
 i sipped on my champagne and smiled politely . 
 if this was how the rest of our interactions were going to go , i could live with that . 
 i knew that we would be running into one another , given our similar businesses and social obligations . 
 maybe , if we kept having these nondescript encounters , i would forget the ache in my heart . 
 maybe i would stop searching for his picture in the paper every morning just to find out what he was doing . 
 maybe i would stop missing the something we almost had . 
 `` i also hear that your business is taking off , '' he continued , taking a step closer . 
 `` i knew it would . 
 congratulations . '' 
 now i wanted to punch him . 
 he had to bring that up and rub it in . 
 i found my anger again and hated that i had lost it for even a moment . 
 damn him and his stupid smile making me forget how he never called . 
 damn him and his father for making me scramble to save my livelihood . 
 `` no thanks to you or travel , inc. , '' i replied with just a touch more venom than necessary . 
 `` it was just business , '' he said with a frown , as if he did n't understand what my issue was with him . 
 `` travel , inc. 's portion of it perhaps , but what about yours ? 
 or did you just forget about our little car ride ? '' 
 i was a little afraid i was going to crush the delicate stemware in my fist and spill champagne and glass all over the garden . 
 he had the good grace to blush slightly . 
 `` i wanted to apologize about that ... '' `` then why did n't you ? '' 
 i demanded , my temper starting to boil over . 
 `` why did you never call me ? '' 
 `` olivia , i wanted to-i really did-but i could n't , '' he explained . 
 he ran a hand through his hair and dislodged another curl from his slick hairstyle . 
 a few more passes and he would look like himself again . 
 `` because it is so hard to pick up a phone . '' 
 i took a step toward him and glanced around to make sure no one was nearby . 
 `` i 'm not usually that kind of girl , but i did think i at least merited a phone call . 
 the business part i could probably have forgiven as ` just business ' , but the fact that you led me on is inexcusable . 
 you let me think i was ... you could have at least told me that i meant nothing to you . '' 
 he paled as my accusation hit its mark . 
 `` olivia , it 's complicated . '' 
 he started to reach out as if he wanted to touch me but thought better of it and put his hands in his pockets . 
 `` i wanted to , but my father made it very clear that i was n't to contact you . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` unbelievable . '' 
 i shook my head in disgust . 
 `` i 'm so glad you do everything your father says . 
 do you still get an allowance for doing your homework and feeding the dog ? '' 
 `` you 're right . 
 i should have called , '' he said softly , retreating further . 
 `` i should have done things differently . '' 
 `` you 're damn right you should have . '' 
 i stepped back from him , wanting to put as much distance as possible between us . 
 for all his good looks , swagger and charm , he was still a little boy under his father 's influence . 
 `` you missed out on a good thing , both me and dream vacations . '' 
 he held me in his eyes for a moment . 
 his expression was bleak , as if he was calculating the extent of his mistake and finding it bigger than he had first imagined . 
 `` believe me , i know . '' 
 we stood there in silence for a moment , the two of us just staring at one another and trying to figure out how to get out of this very awkward conversation . 
 `` olivia , i 'm back , '' maddy announced , strolling up beside me and breaking the strange silence . 
 `` who is this handsome young man you 've found ? '' 
 `` maddy , this is logan hayes , '' i said flatly . 
 `` logan , this is maddy sawyer , the co-owner of dream vacations . '' 
 `` oh my , '' maddy replied with a blush . 
 `` you are even better looking in person . 
 i can totally see why olivia follows you in the paper , on myface , and wo n't stop talking about you . '' 
 i closed my eyes and counted to five . 
 that was the last thing i wanted logan to know . 
 i wanted him to think i cared even less for him than he did for me . 
 i did n't need him knowing he had broken my heart in just one night . 
 `` no more champagne for you , maddy . '' 
 `` why ? 
 i 'm enjoying myself , '' maddy asked , puzzled . 
 i took a big breath before i opened my eyes and glared at her . 
 `` oh . 
 you 're that logan hayes . 
 travel-inc-broke-your-heart-and-scared-off-all-your-investors logan hayes . 
 got it . 
 shutting up now . '' 
 logan frowned . 
 `` what do you mean , ` broke-your-heart-and-scared-off-your-investors ? ' '' 
 i purposefully ignored the first part of the question . 
 `` when word got out that travel , inc. 's logan hayes had taken me out for drinks and then dumped my business to the curb the next day , everyone thought there had to be a reason . 
 most of them assumed it was because you learned some terrible secret about my business . 
 i could barely get a small business loan from the bank thanks to you . '' 
 the last part was a bit of an exaggeration , but i did n't care . 
 it got the point across . 
 logan 's face fell . 
 `` i had no idea . 
 no one ever said anything to me . 
 i 'm sorry , '' he stammered , losing his usual calm confidence . 
 `` apology not accepted , '' i replied tartly . 
 i was still pissed . 
 `` yeah , '' maddy chimed in , her voice slurring . 
 `` she still cries about it sometimes . '' 
 there was an awkward pause during which the three of us just stared at the ground for a moment . 
 no one seemed to know what to say . 
 the celebratory sounds of the wedding drifted up and provided a strange contrast to our uncomfortable lack of festivity . 
 logan was silent and then shook himself awake as if he came to some sort of conclusion in his head . 
 hopefully , it was to leave me alone . 
 `` well , it was delightful to meet you , maddy . '' 
 logan held out his hand to shake hers . 
 she reciprocated firmly , and pulled him in close to her . 
 `` if you could forget the fact that i mentioned you broke liv 's heart , that would be great , '' she whispered , thinking i would n't hear . 
 except i could hear every cringe-inducing word . 
 `` she would n't want you to know that , especially because i do n't think she 's over you . '' 
 i was never letting her drink again . 
 she could n't hold onto a secret with duct tape and super glue . 
 i half-expected her to give him my social security number and bank pin while she was at it . 
 `` consider it forgotten , '' he assured her with an all-too-confident smile . 
 i pinched the bridge of my nose , trying to convince myself that killing them both would be too much work . 
 logan cleared his throat , and i looked up and into his eyes . 
 they were big pools of brown velvet that , despite my best efforts to resist them , sucked me in . 
 my heart pounded in my chest as i struggled to look away . 
 he smiled , and i realized he did n't look quite as tired as he had before . 
 `` it was wonderful to see you , olivia . 
 i hope to run into you again soon . '' 
 `` i wish i could say the same . '' 
 i plastered an obviously fake smile on my face and blinked demurely . 
 he grinned and stepped forward , leaning in so he could whisper in my ear . 
 maddy 's betrayal had given him back his usual cockiness in spades . 
 he now knew he could drive me crazy , and that i would n't be able to stop him . 
 `` i 'll take that as a challenge , '' he said , his breath tickling my hair . 
 he smelled amazing ; like soap and testosterone goodness . 
 my stomach tightened as heat surged through me . 
 i was so mad at him , but my body craved his like a drug . 
 dear lord , i had forgotten just how good he smelled . 
 it was n't fair that he could twist my mind and body up so easily just by standing close to me . 
 `` someday , you 'll look forward to seeing me again . '' 
 `` it will be a cold day in hell , '' i replied sweetly , stepping back and away from his intoxicating scent . 
 i was torn between hot lust and cold fury . 
 he had deceived me and almost ruined my company . 
 i had every reason to hate his stinking guts . 
 but i found myself wanting to touch him and forgive him for everything . 
 his brown eyes flashed with self-assured optimism . 
 with a polite nod to maddy , he turned and walked down a green path toward the dance floor with the bride and groom . 
 i stared after him , trying and failing not to check out his butt , until he disappeared into the mass of guests below . 
 i felt like a deflated balloon . 
 i was still so angry and hurt by what he 'd done , but for whatever reason , as soon as he got close my body forgot everything except the way he felt . 
 it was like he had cast a spell that would cause my body to find him sexually attractive no matter what my mind thought . 
 i understood that a ruling from his father would be difficult to break , but i had thought we had shared a connection . 
 it could n't have been that hard to make a single phone call ? 
 to write an email ? 
 i chugged the last bit of my champagne . 
 i could hear laughter coming from the wedding , but instead of feeling happy , i was jealous and bitter . 
 i had never thought that logan and i were going to get married or grow old together , but that night we had together was special . 
 i had thought it was at least going to go somewhere . 
 i never expected to be left hanging without so much as a phone call . 
 i certainly had n't expected it to hurt so much . 
 `` you okay ? 
 you want mine ? '' 
 maddy asked , offering me her glass . 
 i glanced down at my empty one and nodded . 
 she switched glasses with me , and i chugged down the bubbly liquid . 
 `` i hate him , '' i said softly , looking into the empty glass . 
 `` no you do n't , '' maddy gently contradicted me . 
 `` you want to hate him . 
 you should hate him . 
 but , you hate that you do n't hate him . '' 
 `` you 're drunk . '' 
 i watched as she wobbled slightly on her designer heels . 
 `` does n't mean i 'm not right , '' she said with an all-too-knowing smile . 
 `` if you hated him , you would n't follow him on twitter . 
 you would n't know his social events , and you would n't blush every time someone says his name . '' 
 `` i only follow him to know how to make sure i do n't get caught in his web again , '' i explained . 
 the champagne was finally starting to go to my head . 
 i needed another glass . 
 maybe seven . 
 `` and the blushing ? '' 
 maddy asked , eyebrows raised . 
 it was very obvious she did n't believe me . 
 `` he embarrassed me . '' 
 i sighed and put my hand on my hip . 
 `` and i do not blush at his name . '' 
 maddy held me in her gaze for a full beat before slowly shaking her head . 
 `` you 've got some sort of torch for that man . 
 given the delightful way he fills out that suit , i can imagine part of it , but there 's something else there . '' 
 she frowned , her eyes trying to focus through the alcohol . 
 `` but you need to be careful . 
 that man hurt you once , and i saw the aftermath of just one night with him . 
 you ca n't let him do that to you again . 
 i do n't know if you 'd survive a storm like logan again . '' 
 `` i have no intention of ever spending another night with that man , '' i said solemnly . 
 `` he may drive me crazy , but i wo n't let him destroy what i 've worked for . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 maddy nodded emphatically . 
 `` now , we need some more champagne . 
 tyler 's with his grandma , neither one of us needs to drive , and there is more free booze than we can drink . 
 let 's get our party on and get that boy out of your head ! '' 
 i glanced toward the wedding party , wondering if logan was down there . 
 he was in my head . 
 he had sneaked in there with his charm and warm brown eyes the night i met him and , unfortunately , had n't found his way out . 
 i needed to forget the way his hands felt on my skin and the way he made my heart skip . 
 it had only been one night . 
 i should be able to forget him and move on . 
 a dark blue suit stepped out into an open space on the dance floor below us and i felt my heart flutter , as i recognized logan 's shape . 
 the bride stepped into his arms with a smile and he danced with her as her husband watched , spinning her in flawless circles . 
 she laughed and kissed his cheek as the song ended . 
 a stab of envy hit my stomach . 
 she had it all . 
 `` i really need another drink , '' i mumbled . 
 i wanted to forget logan hayes and his brown eyes and soft laugh entirely . 
 i wanted to prove him wrong , that i would never look forward to seeing him , but i already knew i had failed . 
 chapter 18 present day -------- i woke up to the sound of rain pounding against the building . 
 there were square-shaped indentations on my cheek from having fallen asleep on my keyboard . 
 at least i had n't drooled , or my laptop would have been ruined . 
 i rubbed the sleep from my eyes and groaned . 
 technically , i still had another five minutes before i had to get up and catch my flight , but there was no way i was going to get it . 
 i knew i was going to want those five minutes of sleep later today . 
 it had been a long night and was shaping up to be an even longer day . 
 i had been up most of the night with worry . 
 i could feel my business and my future teetering as though on the edge of a knife . 
 i was furious that logan had been able to hamstring my company in four , well-paid moves . 
 i had called each of my former employees ; three had been smart enough not to pick up and the fourth apologized and promptly had an emergency to attend to . 
 after punching a pillow several times and threatening to stomp on my phone , i started trying to fix what i could . 
 i posted ads for new consultants and had made some inquiries into potential applicants . 
 i had also called my lawyer , several times . 
 there was no way that what travel , inc. was doing was anywhere close to legal , but as far as getting my business on the rocks , it was effective . 
 mounting a legal defense would take weeks , and while travel , inc. would lose , the impact on my business would be big enough to force me to sell to them . 
 just thinking about it was making my blood pressure rise . 
 this was my business , and i had worked far too hard to just let them take it . 
 i loved this company too much to give up on it now . 
 logan hayes was n't going to defeat me that easily . 
 he may have thought his good-boy act would fool me into trusting him again , but i was n't falling for it this time . 
 i slammed my laptop shut and grabbed my suitcases . 
 i was already dressed , so one last look around the room was all it took for me to be ready . 
 i was on my way to the lobby to get on a plane to go save my business before the light was even off . 
 i set my bags down in front of the check-out desk when i heard maddy calling my name . 
 she was hurrying toward me as fast as she could on her ankle . 
 `` olivia ! 
 do n't check out yet ! '' 
 maddy 's cast made a hollow thunking noise as she limped over . 
 a ray of hope lifted my spirits . 
 `` did the girls change their minds ? '' 
 i asked with anticipation . 
 maybe they had come to their senses and realized what they were doing . 
 `` no , '' maddy said with a grimace . 
 `` the flight 's been canceled . 
 the tropical storm upgraded and turned south last night . 
 we 're going to have to wait out the hurricane . '' 
 her words entered my ears , but i did n't comprehend them . 
 i had to get home . 
 `` what ? '' 
 maddy put a hand on my shoulder . 
 `` the island is about to be hit by a hurricane . 
 all flights are grounded until further notice , '' she explained . 
 her brown eyes were full of sympathy as she waited for me to understand . 
 `` but , maddy , i have to get back - '' i started but she shook her head . 
 `` i 'm sorry , livia , '' she said , stopping me from saying more . 
 `` i called all the pilots i could find this morning , even the one the locals said might be crazy enough to fly through the storm . 
 no one will do it . 
 i 'm really sorry . '' 
 my shoulders slumped as i looked from her to the big glass doors of the lobby . 
 i had been in such a rush that i had n't noticed that a hotel employee was busy boarding them up with plywood . 
 the last window was blurry with rain as the final board fit into place . 
 the empty grand entrance dimmed and echoed with muffled rain . 
 `` what am i going to do , maddy ? '' 
 i asked as desperation settled around me . 
 i sat on my suitcase and tried to come up with a positive solution , but all i could see was the gray gloom of disaster . 
 `` nothing , '' she said softly , kneeling to meet my eyes . 
 `` there is n't anything you can do right now except go back up to your room and get some sleep . 
 you look terrible . '' 
 i glared at her . 
 she did n't look so hot herself . 
 `` well , it 's true , '' she said in response to my angry look . 
 `` go rest . 
 things wo n't look so bad when you 're not exhausted . 
 you 've done all you can for now . '' 
 `` what time is it in chicago ? '' 
 i asked , planning not to follow her advice and make more phone calls . 
 `` time to rest , '' she replied . 
 i darkened my glare . 
 she shrugged it off . 
 `` your lawyer called me to ask you to stop phoning him , especially at three in the morning . 
 he 'll get back to us once he has more information . '' 
 i sighed and looked at the blockaded doors . 
 `` i just ... '' i whispered , losing my words to frustration . 
 `` i know , '' maddy comforted , hugging me close to her . 
 i held onto her like a drowning person to a life-preserver . 
 `` what are we going to do ? '' 
 i whispered , feeling a tear trickle down my cheek . 
 `` we 'll come back stronger , '' she whispered into my ear . 
 `` this is n't the end of the world . 
 we 've faced worse and come out better because of it . 
 now , go rest . '' 
 she leaned back , and i nodded dejectedly . 
 i felt like an empty balloon as i dragged my suitcases back to the elevator . 
 i looked back at maddy one last time before stepping through the silver doors . 
 she gave me a weak smile and motioned me to get on . 
 *** the ride up was uneventful . 
 i dropped my bags in my doorway and sank into the bed . 
 i lay there in the dark gloom of the storm , listening to the howling of the wind and rain against the protected building . 
 sleep was far away and not getting any closer . 
 there was too much to do and no way to do it . 
 frustration and fury writhed in my stomach like a mass of angry snakes . 
 i sat up . 
 i needed to move , to vent my energy . 
 i was up and out the door , walking the hallways before i had even made the decision to move . 
 the halls were dark despite the fact that it was morning . 
 all the windows were boarded and secure , hiding most of the thin gray light from view . 
 i wandered aimlessly from hallway to hallway , looking for a glimpse out at the storm . 
 the doors leading out to the garden were locked . 
 the big window overlooking the ocean from the reception area was boarded and covered with a heavy velvet curtain . 
 every place i thought i might be able to look outside was boarded or locked . 
 the sound of the wind outside was unceasing and unnerving . 
 there was no escape . 
 everywhere i turned i was reminded that i was trapped here by the hurricane . 
 after finding yet another locked door , i growled with frustration . 
 i could n't even see outside , let alone change anything outside of this stupid hotel . 
 i kicked the door and turned around in time to see logan walk across the room at the end of the hallway . 
 he was grinning , his hand on his bodyguard 's shoulder as he laughed at something the other man said . 
 rage flared red at the edges of my vision . 
 the man who was about to ruin me was laughing . 
 laughing . 
 probably about me . 
 my fingernails dug into my palms to the point of pain , but my fists just continued to tighten . 
 the walls were closing in on me . 
 i needed to get out . 
 i needed to escape this nightmare . 
 i wrenched the doorknob of the door behind me , throwing all my weight into it . 
 i needed to break out of the confines of the hotel . 
 i could feel the walls pressing down on me from the weight of the wind . 
 logan took too much space and i needed to get as far away from him as possible . 
 the door creaked and surprisingly gave way . 
 it must have just been sticky , not locked . 
 i charged through the door and out onto the patio . 
 the strength of the wind took me by surprise as raindrops pelted me like tiny rocks . 
 i had seen enough reporters braving hurricanes , but that still had n't prepared me for the raw strength of the storm . 
 gray waves ripped at the shoreline with furious fists of white foam while the sky churned with a dark livid power . 
 i could suddenly understand now why no pilot had been willing to risk a flight . 
 i battled my way out further into the storm . 
 the wind whipped my hair into my eyes and pulled my clothes in every direction as if to rip them from me . 
 i could only stand in awe of the power of the storm , especially knowing that this was only the beginning . 
 nature could throw more at me than this . 
 this was just her warmup act . 
 i closed my eyes and let the storm surround me . 
 i was small and insignificant in comparison to this . 
 my problems were nothing ; this wind could blow them all away with one tiny gust . 
 in one hundred years , the elements of this storm would still exist , while my business and i would be long gone . 
 i reached out my hands and felt the tempest inside of me raging along with the hurricane . 
 my rage bled into the storm and released me from it . 
 a strong hand clamped down on my arm and forcefully spun me away from the beach . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 logan screamed at me . 
 i stared at him for a moment in complete surprise . 
 no one , not even me , was supposed to be out here . 
 there was worry in his brown eyes and he was doing his best to use his broad shoulders to shield me from the wind . 
 his hair whipped wildly around his head as his shirt darkened with rain . 
 `` none of your business , '' i snapped , wrenching my arm from his grip . 
 he was the exact person i did n't want to see . 
 `` leave me alone ! '' 
 i took a step away from him and toward the beach . 
 a blast of wind caught me as i left the relative safety of the patio , and i stumbled . 
 part of a tree whizzed down the beach , spraying pieces of leaves as it bounced like a child 's ball across the sand . 
 suddenly , i was up and over logan 's shoulder . 
 he carried me as if i weighed nothing , pushing through the wind , rain , and my thrashing with ease . 
 his shoulder was hard and warm under my stomach as his arm pinned me to him . 
 i was furious . 
 furious that he was rescuing me when i did n't need saving . 
 what i needed was to be saved from him . 
 i kicked and punched logan , screaming into the storm for him to put me down . 
 i hated that he thought he was helping me when all i wanted to do was forget about him and the trouble he was causing me . 
 i hated him . 
 he opened the door to the hotel and stumbled inside . 
 the danger of the hurricane diminished as he carried me inside the safety of the door , but my emotional fury was just getting started . 
 he was a dead man . 
 chapter 19 logan set me down carefully in the hallway , dodging a well-aimed smack from me . 
 he leaned against the door , his broad shoulders heaving as he caught his breath . 
 i stood on shaky legs , fury pouring from every atom of my being . 
 `` what the hell did you do that for ? '' 
 i shrieked at him . 
 i would have run back out into the storm , but he was effectively blocking the door . 
 `` what the hell did i do that for ? '' 
 he repeated , his voice incredulous . 
 his white t-shirt was soaked with rain and clung to him like a second skin . 
 i could see every muscle of his torso outlined in wet gray . 
 there was what looked like grass tangled in his honey curls . 
 he was a hot mess . 
 a hot mess that i needed to avoid . 
 `` you were out in a f ** king hurricane ! 
 did you not see the tree hurtling down the beach ? '' 
 i glared fire at him and crossed my arms . 
 `` i was fine ! 
 i did n't need you to come rescue me ! '' 
 logan straightened from the door , coming to his full height . 
 every muscle popped out of his shirt at me , and his eyes held a dangerous darkness i had never seen before . 
 i had n't realized just how big he was , how strong and intimidating he could be , until that very moment . 
 `` you ran out into a hurricane , '' he enunciated carefully . 
 there was power and danger in his tone that gave me goosebumps . 
 `` that 's how people die in these storms . 
 what the hell were you doing out there ? '' 
 `` that does n't give you the right to pick me up like a child and carry me inside ! '' 
 my voice shook with uncontrolled rage . 
 he was close enough now that i could feel the heat radiating off his wet skin . 
 my own hair was dripping water down my spine . 
 he loomed over me . 
 there was something beautiful and dark in his eyes that held me captive and kept me from running . 
 `` damn it , olivia ! '' 
 logan growled . 
 frustration reverberated off every syllable . 
 `` i was worried about you ! '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked with a sneer . 
 `` if i got killed out there , you would get my company for a song . 
 no more olivia problem . 
 you already have most of my employees anyway . '' 
 `` i had nothing to do with that ! '' 
 he shouted , anger making his voice break . 
 `` i have n't done jack shit to your company ! '' 
 `` liar , '' i hissed , narrowing my eyes . 
 he stepped back as if i had struck him . 
 he took a deep breath , visibly trying to calm himself . 
 `` everything you hate was done by my father . 
 i do n't want your company . '' 
 his brown eyes were flames , and my soul was the moth . 
 i could n't have escaped from his gaze if i had been blinded . 
 he moved close enough that those eyes were all i could see . 
 `` i want you . '' 
 i blinked twice . 
 that was not what i was expecting . 
 his words startled and excited me , but before my brain could analyze and process them , his hand was around the back of my neck and his lips were on mine . 
 his mouth was hot and insistent as he pressed it against mine . 
 i fought for a moment , but his grip was too strong and his kiss too sweet . 
 it was a kiss i had craved for two years and had tried to convince myself i could do without . 
 i wanted to give in to him completely , but i was still too angry to budge even an inch . 
 instead , i just stood there like a statue as he kissed me . 
 i was furious and turned on beyond anything i could imagine . 
 after a moment , he pulled back and searched my face . 
 `` what was that for ? '' 
 i surprised myself with the amount of venom in my voice . 
 his kiss had sent want scorching down into the very marrow of my bones , but i needed someone to be angry with , and he was the closest person . 
 he had hurt me . 
 his eyebrows came together above those beautiful eyes . 
 hope fell as he saw something in my expression that disappointed him . 
 `` forget it , '' he mumbled , releasing me and looking away . 
 his shoulders hunched and he moved to leave , but i was n't about to let him get away that easily . 
 he could n't kiss me like that and just run away without an explanation . 
 i grabbed his shoulder and spun him back to face me . 
 he frowned , his brown eyes filling with heartbreak . 
 i looked deeper , trying to understand what was going on . 
 passion and something sweet burned deep within their coffee and caramel swirls . 
 the black of his pupils threatened to suck me into their depths and made my heart melt and core heat . 
 his kiss had awakened a deep need , and my body was responding without letting my brain get a say in things . 
 without thinking , i put my hand on the back of his neck and pressed my mouth into his . 
 he did n't hesitate , kissing me back with a need that matched my own . 
 he pushed me up against the wall . 
 our tongues interlocked as we found the valve for the sexual tension that had been building between the two of us for the past two years . 
 my body responded to his every touch with a fervor i could n't contain . 
 did n't want to contain . 
 i wanted it to consume us both . 
 logan 's grip tightened around my waist , drawing me in to him . 
 i arched my hips , wanting to press every inch of my body to his . 
 his body was hard , hot , and responding to mine in the most obvious of ways . 
 i was sure steam was coming off both of our wet clothes with the heat we were generating . 
 my fingers tightened into his golden curls , squeezing water out of them as i held him greedily closer to me . 
 he tasted so good , i was sure i would never get enough . 
 logan was n't holding back . 
 one hand threaded into my hair and he tangled my wet tresses around his fingers . 
 the other cupped my breast through my soaked shirt . 
 everything in my world was lost to necessity . 
 i needed logan more than anything i could possibly think of . 
 as if on cue , we both broke apart for a moment , gasping for air like we had both forgotten how to breathe . 
 to be honest , i could n't remember breathing before our kiss . 
 his lips had stolen all of my brain power , and i was surprised that my heart had managed to beat on its own without my brain supplying the stimulus . 
 i thanked god for autonomic functions . 
 i stared up into his fathomless brown eyes . 
 gold swirls and amber highlights pulled me ever deeper into his soul . 
 all that i could see was his warmth and desire . 
 it terrified me because i knew i was reflecting the same things . 
 i wanted him . 
 i had wanted him for the past two years and had almost convinced myself that i did n't . 
 i thought of bolting . 
 there was too much emotion , too much history , and too much baggage to even be thinking of kissing him again . 
 but i wanted to kiss him again . 
 i wanted to do so much more than just kiss him . 
 everything about our relationship was wrong . 
 but everything in my body was telling me that this was right . 
 that we were right . 
 that we had always been right , and that i had been doing my damnedest not to see it . 
 `` logan ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 the storm and my own heartbeat were the only things i could hear . 
 it felt like the hurricane was still raging around and through me . 
 i loved him and hated him . 
 i wanted this so badly , yet i knew i should run . 
 i was shaking under his hands as i tried desperately to sort out my emotions and come up with a plan . 
 if i had a plan , then i could be rational . 
 i would n't get hurt again . 
 his face was unreadable as he searched mine . 
 i wanted him to push me away and hold me close at the same time . 
 my conflicting emotions and thoughts spun around me like raindrops in the wind . 
 i had hated him for so long . 
 the realization that i actually wanted him instead was still a foreign idea . 
 it was n't anywhere close to my usually rational self , and that frightened me . 
 he brushed a strand of wet hair from my cheek . 
 his touch was tender and full of a soft caring that made my heart ache . 
 he had just walked into a hurricane because he cared for me . 
 he wanted me , not just physically , but emotionally too . 
 no one would walk out into a hurricane for just a one-night stand . 
 my throat clenched , afraid of what might come out of his mouth . 
 i tightened my grip on his wet shirt , afraid he would tell me exactly what i wanted to hear . 
 `` olivia ... '' it was only one word , but when he said my name , it was the equivalent of a full conversation . 
 it was all the `` i 'm sorry '' that needed to be said . 
 the `` it 's not your fault , '' the `` i 'll fix it , '' and `` i need you . '' 
 it was everything i wanted to hear him say all wrapped up in my name . 
 he dipped his head and kissed me again . 
 pure need overwhelmed the uncertainty and chaos in my mind . 
 i wanted him . 
 i needed to be with him , to have him all for myself . 
 all thoughts of business , history , and reason left and all that remained was my pure desire . 
 i did n't need to be rational . 
 lust pulsed with a white-hot heat in the middle of my belly . 
 he was the only thing that mattered . 
 `` yours or mine ? '' 
 i gasped , pressing my h * ps up against his . 
 i could feel his need matching mine . 
 logan glanced down the hallway , mentally calculating the distances between the closest elevators and each of our rooms . 
 `` mine 's closer . '' 
 i nodded , and he grabbed my hand . 
 the two of us sprinted toward the secondary elevator doors that let out by his room . 
 the pleasant ding of the elevator greeted us as we rushed in and hit the button for the third floor . 
 i was kissing him again the instant the metallic doors slid shut . 
 he tasted like rain , and i could n't get enough . 
 his hands caressed my body , hot against the cold of my rain-soaked clothes . 
 his every movement was wrought with passion , and i lost myself to his grasping , groping fingers . 
 my leg wrapped around him of its own accord . 
 i wanted him right then and there in the elevator with our bodies , na ** d and wet , pressed against the mirrored surface of the elevator 's interior . 
 the idea sent heat rushing through me , and i tightened my leg around him . 
 his hands traveled up under my shirt , his palms hot against the damp skin of my ribs . 
 someone cleared his throat , startling me out of my reverie . 
 the elevator doors had opened without our knowing it . 
 two men were staring at us . 
 i recognized them from one of the other travel agencies visiting the resort . 
 the taller of the two cocked an eyebrow at the erotic tableau logan and i were presenting . 
 i dropped my leg and scurried out of the elevator , feeling my cheeks reddening in pure embarrassment . 
 logan was right behind me as we exchanged places with the other guests . 
 `` you two have fun now ! '' 
 one of the two men called out after us . 
 i did n't have the fortitude to look back and see who it had had been . 
 the heat in my cheeks increased . 
 logan laughed , though he seemed just as anxious as i was to disappear from their view . 
 as soon as we were free from their stares , i was back in his arms . 
 the hallway was deserted , which was good , because i could n't stop kissing him . 
 his kisses grew rougher and more demanding the closer we got to his door . 
 we weaved across the hallway like we were drunk as we made out . 
 he pushed me up against the door to his hotel room , one hand pulling me into him while the other fumbled with his key-card . 
 i gently tugged on his earlobe with my teeth , arching my h * ps up and into his groin . 
 logan missed the slot for his key-card by a mile . 
 he cursed softly , his breath tickling the sensitive skin on my neck . 
 i loved that i had that effect on him . 
 i heard the lock click as he got the key into the slot , and together we tumbled into the room . 
 logan pushed me up against the wall as the door slammed shut behind us . 
 his strong hands found my wrists and pinned them above my head while his lips found the hollow of my neck and jaw . 
 i whimpered , completely at his mercy . 
 his tongue skimmed my jawline and up to my ear . 
 `` say it , '' he whispered . 
 i wanted to resist him , but my mouth could n't find the words to tell him no . 
 longing pounded and pulsed through every nerve in my body . 
 i could barely breathe for the pure desire choking me . 
 `` i want you , '' i gasped . 
 `` so much . 
 too much . '' 
 this was n't going to give us a happily-ever-after . 
 this was a mistake and the rational part of me knew it , but i did n't care . 
 i could have him again . 
 he could be mine for a night , just this once more . 
 his touch had haunted my dreams for two years and i was finally going to experience it again . 
 the sensible part of my brain gave up trying to fight . 
 the physical energy and connection between us was too strong . 
 maybe by giving into him , i could finally forget . 
 maybe this would n't live up to the memory i held close to my heart . 
 maybe . 
 but so far , it was even better than i remembered . 
 i could feel him smile against my skin as he dragged his teeth along my shoulder and kissed his way down the collar of my shirt . 
 goosebumps popped up all over my skin . 
 he nibbled at my collarbone , making me hum with pleasure . 
 leaving one hand to keep my wrists pinned to the wall , he dropped the other and slid it up my shirt . 
 he caressed the soft swell of my breast and i could almost feel his touch through the lacy fabric of my bra . 
 my nipple hardened against the fabric as if it was trying to reach him . 
 an eager moan escaped my lips . 
 he let go of my wrists , using the freed hand to rip the wet shirt from my body . 
 his pupils dilated as he looked down at the bare skin of my chest peeking through the lace of my exposed bra . 
 he licked his lips and leaned forward to kiss the edges of my bared skin . 
 my brain , and whatever was left of rational thought , melted out of my ears . 
 i grabbed at his shirt , finally peeling it off his back and over his head . 
 he kissed me , pressing our chests together . 
 our skin was sticky from the rain . 
 it was cold and hot at the same time . 
 reaching one clever hand around me , he deftly unclasped my bra and pulled it out from between us . 
 heat flooded through me as every inch of my chest pressed into his solid muscles . 
 i could feel his delicious hardness growing against my thigh . 
 my body ached to have him inside of me . 
 i could barely think of anything else . 
 i needed him to join with me and ease the terrible void he had left for two years . 
 i slid out of my shoes , kicking them to the side as i wiggled out of my pants . 
 logan stepped back to watch as i stood before him , wearing nothing but a skimpy purple thong . 
 his pupils dilated again as he took in the view and his mouth opened slightly . 
 after a moment , he shook his head as if to clear his thoughts , then kicked off his own shoes . 
 he towered over me , looking dark , dangerous , and completely sexy . 
 all my doubt , all the fear and reluctance to put myself in his power again , was burned away by the sheer desire covering his face . 
 he craved me like a drug . 
 had he yearned for me over these past two years ? 
 the idea came unbidden and seemed impossible . 
 i shoved it aside for later . 
 with him standing there , looking powerful and hungry as hell , there was no way i was going to say no . 
 my fingers were on the button to his shorts before i even had to think about it . 
 he groaned slightly as i freed him from the restriction of his clothing . 
 his shorts fell to the floor , and he stepped out of them . 
 his dark blue boxer-briefs strained at the seams to control his manhood . 
 he dropped slowly to his knees in front of me , and i rested my fingertips on the muscles of his broad shoulders . 
 he looked up at me , dark eyes burning , as he slowly took my breast in his mouth . 
 i gasped as he surrounded the pink nub of my nipple with warmth . 
 he kissed the soft flesh , nipping gently , making me arch my back and moan . 
 his strong hands slid up my legs . 
 from calf to thigh to hip , no inch of skin was left unexplored by his hands . 
 his fingers danced along the tiny purple triangle of fabric covering my front . 
 electricity skittered from his touch and flashed up my spine like lightning . 
 i could n't help but shiver as pure lust surged through my system . 
 he chuckled at my visceral reaction to his touch , his voice muffled by my chest . 
 he had shaved that morning , so his cheeks were mostly smooth against my skin . 
 i remembered how much i had enjoyed his fresh shave last time , too . 
 he bit down gently on a nipple , just hard enough for me to cry out and rake my fingers through his hair . 
 slowly , he pushed the fabric of my panties to the side and ran his thumb along the newly exposed flesh . 
 i whimpered , leaning into the wall as he proceeded to find ways to make my knees go weak . 
 it took him no time at all to find my engorged nub and begin stroking it like an instrument . 
 he played my body like an expert musician , making me hum and cry out as his fingers deftly explored my pleasure . 
 white heat of ecstatic lightning flashed through me , flooding every sense with pure rapture . 
 my h * ps bucked against his fingers while his mouth kept pleasuring my br ** sts . 
 my knees buckled as i gave into the pleasure , my body vibrating as a tidal wave of orgasm flowed through me . 
 i would have collapsed to the floor if logan had n't wrapped his arm around my waist and held me up . 
 he supported me easily until my strength returned . 
 i realized my fingers were still tangled in his honey curls and that i had probably nearly ripped them out of his head with the strength of my orgasm . 
 he grinned up at me , inching the thong down my thighs . 
 i shimmied out of it as he stood to his full height . 
 he kissed me again , powerful and primal . 
 i pushed my h * ps into his groin , feeling his hardness yearning to escape its cloth prison . 
 having him inside of me was all i could think about . 
 i pulled the briefs down and caressed his silky length . 
 a low , masculine sound of longing tumbled from his lips as i touched him . 
 he was velvet over steel . 
 our eyes locked and i nodded . 
 he pressed his lips against mine for a brief moment before reaching for his shorts . 
 in no time , he found the condom in his wallet and put it on as i watched with eager appreciation . 
 he was so damn sexy . 
 i could n't believe how much i wanted him . 
 placing his hands on my hips , he lifted me effortlessly , though the muscles in his arms flexed with the motion . 
 my legs wrapped around his waist and slowly-so slowly i wanted to scream-he lowered me onto him . 
 our twin gasps of pleasure echoed through the room . 
 the sensation of being filled to the brink was the only thing in my world that mattered . 
 at last we were one . 
 he pushed my back against the wall as he palmed my ass . 
 i rocked into him , but he set the beat . 
 each thrust sent me to new heights . 
 his h * ps moved back and forth as i rocked into him . 
 i wrapped my hands against the bulge of his biceps . 
 his muscles were rigid and strong . 
 his amazingly sexy grunts were n't from overexertion ; they were from sheer pleasure . 
 `` more , '' i gasped , yet the word was insufficient for what i needed . 
 i wanted him . 
 i wanted every inch of him in me and on me . 
 an out-of-control storm of desire raged within me that put the hurricane outside to shame . 
 `` oh , god , olivia , '' he groaned as i arched my hips , coaxing his shaft deeper . 
 he buried his face into my shoulder and thrust up harder . 
 i cried out , begging for more . 
 he pulled away from the wall and walked , with me skewered to him , over to the bed . 
 with an easy lift , he tossed me onto the mattress . 
 pillows went flying . 
 i stared up at him , marveling at his delicious length . 
 i spread my legs , offering myself up to him . 
 he growled and jumped on top of me . 
 he found my opening and dove in , thrusting deeper than i thought i could take . 
 writhing like a snake , i arched and danced against him . 
 his skin was still damp from the rain , and i reveled in the way we stuck together . 
 he slammed into me , his passion driving me insane . 
 i wanted him harder and faster . 
 i wanted us to crest into oblivion together , but at the same time i was desperate for this never to end . 
 i bent my knees , giving him every angle to drive as deep as possible . 
 `` olivia , '' he gasped , his voice rough and thick . 
 i looked up into his eyes , and my world exploded . 
 together we dove into oblivion , losing ourselves to one another and the storm raging within us . 
 i felt a cry of ecstasy reverberate through my entire being as we merged and fell together . 
 his body tensed and relaxed against mine . 
 i lost myself to him , reveling in the low , male sound of his gratification . 
 slowly , the colors of the room stopped flashing before my eyes , and i could see again . 
 i had n't felt pleasure like that in a long time . 
 just over two years , actually . 
 no one had been able to make me feel the way logan did . 
 it was as if he was the secret key to pleasuring my body . 
 i stared into logan 's eyes . 
 he smiled and kissed the tip of my nose . 
 the lust still burned bright in him , but with this release , i could see there was more than just desire . 
 he was n't going to ask me to leave . 
 if anything , he wanted me to stay . 
 he did n't want this to only be a one-time thing . 
 i was surprised to find that i did n't either . 
 as our breathing slowed from frantic to fast , i wondered what was going to happen next . 
 was this just something that we needed to get out of our systems , or did we have a chance ? 
 i wanted to believe that this was n't just sexual tension finally breaking free . 
 i wanted to believe the promise in his eyes that he truly cared . 
 the wind and rain howled at the windows , threatening destruction , but wrapped up in logan 's arms , i felt safe . 
 for the first time in two years , i felt the storm inside of me settling down . 
 chapter 20 rain pulsed against the window like the heart of a living creature . 
 i could imagine that there was nothing outside of this room but a monster of rain and wind . 
 i reveled in the idea of spending eternity like this , trapped with logan in the pit of the monster 's stomach where no one could find us . 
 logan 's long fingers traced the curve of my spine as i closed my eyes and focused on his touch . 
 i lay on my front , bedsheets tangled around my feet as he sat beside me , admiring my skin . 
 i could n't remember feeling this satiated or relaxed in forever . 
 `` god , you are so beautiful , '' he whispered . 
 the compliment made me blush with pleasure . 
 logan 's lips caressed my shoulder , his kiss soft and appreciative . 
 i rolled over , propping my head on my hand to look at him . 
 i smiled . 
 based entirely on the way he was looking at me , i believed him . 
 his eyes held so much life and emotion , i was sure i would drown in them . 
 i was torn between languid happiness and shock that i had allowed this to happen . 
 once again , i had given in to my desires and let my body overrule my mind . 
 i could feel the edge of regret creeping up , but i pushed it away , wishing to stay in this moment a little longer . 
 i stared openly at him , memorizing the way he looked so i could keep this image stored away for a lonely night . 
 the sheet covered his bottom half , but just barely . 
 his broad shoulders tightened down to muscled abs , and the top of his hip poked out from under the sheet , proving he was na ** d underneath . 
 his tattoo was exactly the way i remembered it . 
 i skimmed his skin with my eyes , knowing that i could look as much as i wanted to . 
 it had felt so good to finally touch him and give my body what it wanted . 
 `` you know , '' i said slowly , never taking my eyes off of him , `` i 'm still mad at you . '' 
 it was hard to feel angry , though , when i felt this good . 
 he raised his eyebrows and ran a hand through his disheveled hair . 
 i loved the way those honey-colored curls had tangled around my fingers just moments before . 
 i shifted slightly in the bed , already feeling sore in all the right places . 
 regret was creeping in as i regained my senses . 
 i stubbornly ignored it ; i did n't want to feel regret yet . 
 anger i could handle , but i had enough regret to last a lifetime . 
 `` i 'm still not exactly sure how this happened , '' i said softly . 
 knowing i was referring to the mess we 'd made of his room , logan glanced around . 
 clothes dangled haphazardly from the furniture , and a chair had been overturned in our haste to get to the bed , which was in itself a disaster . 
 sheets were tangled between our bodies , the comforter hung off the bed , and the fitted sheet was nowhere to be seen . 
 pillows lay scattered around the bed and floor as if there had been an explosion , and i supposed in a way there had been . 
 the maid was going to wonder what kind of animals had gotten into logan 's room . 
 `` you finally gave into my charms . '' 
 logan 's eyes heated for a moment as he remembered the delectable details . 
 `` they were bound to get you eventually . '' 
 i gave his arm a playful smack . 
 `` your charms ? 
 i was trying very hard to avoid you . '' 
 he leaned forward and nuzzled the tender skin just below my ear , making my breath catch with sudden desire . 
 two minutes ago , i had been so blissfully worn-out that i was sure i was never going to move again , but with just the trace of his kiss on my neck , i was ready for more . 
 charms , indeed . 
 `` why would you want to avoid me ? '' 
 he whispered , his kisses working down the curve of my shoulder . 
 his brown eyes looked up at me as he gave me one last affectionate peck . 
 `` because you 're kind of a jerk , '' i informed him . 
 he frowned , pulling back slightly . 
 `` you hurt me pretty badly the last time we were together . '' 
 `` but that was n't my fault , '' he said quietly , innocently . 
 `` i told you that . '' 
 i sighed . 
 logan had grown up in a world with almost no repercussions as long as his father was pleased . 
 i did n't think he even realized the full extent of what he had cost me . 
 `` does n't change the fact that it still hurt . '' 
 i bit my lip and looked him in the eye , watching his every move . 
 `` i need to know : are you going to hurt me again ? '' 
 pain and remorse flashed across his face and he reached out and stroked my cheek . 
 his touch was soft and gentle . 
 `` i 'm never going to hurt you again . 
 i promise . '' 
 i liked the way those words sounded , but i had been burned too badly to fully believe them . 
 i would have to see them proven , not just hear them spoken . 
 i smiled despite my hesitation . 
 for this moment in time , they would be enough . 
 `` what happened last time anyway ? '' 
 `` which part do you want first ? '' 
 he asked , sliding down on the bed to lay facing me . 
 `` business , '' i decided . 
 i could handle that part better . 
 `` you had me believing you were going to buy me out . '' 
 `` i was , '' he stated , brushing a strand of hair behind my ear . 
 `` even before i met you , i thought your idea was amazing . 
 i knew dream vacations would be an invaluable asset the moment i learned about your program . '' 
 `` then what happened ? '' 
 he looked down for a moment . 
 `` i oversold it . 
 my brother pointed out that i was trying too hard to convince dad , and i probably was . 
 i should have just let him see the initial proposal and not personally endorsed it . 
 i certainly should have waited on drinks , too . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i asked , confused . 
 `` why would your endorsement or getting drinks with me change things ? '' 
 `` my father has made some poor business decisions with regard to women . '' 
 his mouth twisted into a parody of a smile that implied it 'd been far worse . 
 `` he cost the business millions before my brother and i took over negotiations and acquisitions . 
 dad almost bankrupted us because of a pretty face , yet he still gets to make the final call . 
 i think my brother assumed i was following in my father 's footsteps when i pushed so hard for your company . '' 
 `` were you ? '' 
 i held my breath waiting for the answer . 
 logan 's eyes met mine , serious and honest . 
 `` your company was sound . 
 i would have wanted dream vacations even if you were a balding eighty-year-old man . '' 
 he paused and smiled . 
 `` i just would n't have bought you drinks . '' 
 `` so , your father turned down my proposal because he thought you were just trying to get laid ? 
 that i was some sort of gold-digger ? '' 
 it definitely was n't the reason i was expecting . 
 `` yes . 
 and all my attempts to convince him of the contrary just worried him further , '' logan explained . 
 `` once he saw himself in my actions , he would n't let it go . '' 
 `` you fought for me ? '' 
 i asked quietly , gratitude blooming in my stomach . 
 he had n't just left me to rot like i had thought . 
 he had tried to convince his father to change his mind . 
 his explanation rang true with what i knew of his father ; i had heard enough of gerald hayes ' rumors to completely believe logan 's story . 
 it would even begin explain why gerald had cut off our communication . 
 he thought he was protecting his son from me . 
 `` too much , according to him . '' 
 logan nodded and gave me a wry smile . 
 `` i have to admit , it 's been great watching you succeed on your own and getting to rub his face in it . '' 
 `` anytime . '' 
 i smiled and he kissed my forehead . 
 he had defended me . 
 the thought made me melt inside . 
 `` so why does your father want my company now ? 
 what changed ? '' 
 `` your success . 
 the board of directors is pushing him to get you on board . 
 concierge travel is the future and he missed his opportunity to get in on the ground floor because he did n't believe in me . '' 
 logan shrugged . 
 `` now , he 'll do anything to fix his mistake . 
 otherwise , the board of directors will destroy him . 
 as the coo , i am required to help him . '' 
 `` ah , i see . '' 
 i nodded . 
 at least i knew now that logan was n't out to get me and why he kept sending me acquisition offers . 
 i was now ready to hear the other half of the story . 
 `` so , then , why did n't you call me ? '' 
 a shadow passed over logan 's features . 
 `` dad made it very clear that he would make my life a living hell if i did . 
 my personal phone line mysteriously went down , and he sent me on a business trip to malaysia that next day . 
 he made his threat clear . 
 he kept me there for three months working crazy hours . '' 
 i frowned . 
 all of that sounded terrible , but he was a billionaire . 
 there had still been ways to contact me . 
 i tried to hide the disappointment that i had apparently meant less to him than he had to me . 
 `` i tried to call you , '' he said softly . 
 `` i called you from the hotel once , but i did n't know what to say so i hung up as soon as you answered . 
 i thought maybe a quick , clean break before we got in too deep would be easier for you . 
 that the feelings were all on my end and you would move onto someone else . '' 
 i remembered that midnight call . 
 i had woken up dreaming that it was logan calling , only to hear silence on the other line . 
 `` i was in too deep the moment i agreed to drinks , '' i confessed . 
 `` i do n't think there was an easy way to let me down after that . '' 
 he ran his fingers along my cheek . 
 i closed my eyes and leaned into his touch . 
 `` i wanted you to be mine as soon as i saw you . 
 until i saw you at that wedding , i did n't think i stood a chance after what i did . 
 i ca n't tell you how much i appreciated maddy being drunk . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` i was so ready to kill her for that . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry i hurt you . '' 
 he kissed the tip of my nose , and i opened my eyes to look at him . 
 he was so damn handsome that it made my heart hurt . 
 this had to be a dream . 
 not only was i with the man i could n't forget , but we were working things out . 
 i shrugged slightly . 
 `` i 'm working on forgiving you . '' 
 he leaned forward and kissed me again . 
 his lips were sweet and sent small thrills down my spine . 
 it blew my mind how well the man could kiss . 
 he pulled back and examined the results of his work . 
 `` how am i doing ? '' 
 `` good . '' 
 words were hard to come up with after a kiss like that . 
 `` really ... good . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` i 'll get you there eventually . '' 
 `` what about your dad ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the thought hit me like a blow to the stomach . 
 he had already nearly ruined me once and was on track to do so again . 
 `` i ca n't imagine he 'd be thrilled about me in your bed , especially given how he lured my employees away from me . '' 
 `` let me worry about my father . 
 right now , this is n't business . 
 this is us . '' 
 he touched my cheek again , forming a connection between us once more . 
 i never wanted him to stop touching me . 
 `` my father has an excellent mind for business , or at least he used to . 
 however , when it comes to his children , he is stubborn and usually wrong . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said softly , not knowing how else i could respond . 
 `` he 's still my dad , and i of course love him . '' 
 he shrugged and fell away from me onto his back . 
 his eyes focused on the ceiling , seeing memories instead of wood . 
 `` i think when mom died , he just lost the part of him that knew how to feel . 
 his heart died with her . 
 he buried himself in his business . 
 my brother and i. . . 
 i think we remind him of her , so he just chooses to view us as employees rather than family . 
 it 's easier for him that way . '' 
 his voice ached with a quiet , secret sorrow . 
 to lose a mother , and then have your father retreat because of it would be terrible . 
 i kissed his cheek , feeling a slight prickle against my lips . 
 `` that sounds terrible . '' 
 `` mom died when i was ten . 
 i remember my dad as a totally different person . 
 he never would have pulled this crap with your company when mom was around . 
 she was , in a lot of ways , his conscience . 
 when she left us , she took the best part of him with her . '' 
 he took a deep breath and let it out slowly . 
 `` i kept thinking that if i just showed him how good aiden and i could be , he would be his old self again . 
 but , after welcoming three gold-digging step-mothers , graduating top of my class , perfect business records , and doing everything he has ever asked of me , nothing has changed . '' 
 i lifted his arm and tucked it around me so i could rest my head in the hollow of his shoulder . 
 he pulled me close to him , as if he needed to hold onto me . 
 logan 's attempts to impress his father made a strange sort of logic . 
 he just wanted the father he had once had and was trying his best to make it happen . 
 `` you know it 's not your fault , right ? 
 you ca n't change him . 
 only he can do that . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm thirty-two years old , yet i only recently realized i was still behaving like a ten-year-old boy seeking my father 's approval instead of finding my own way . '' 
 he sighed somewhat shakily . 
 `` i 've done everything in my power to make him happy , but he never changes . 
 he never will . '' 
 i squeezed my eyes shut and nestled in to him . 
 this was a side of logan hayes that no one ever got to see . 
 i should know . 
 i 'd practically stalked him online . 
 but here , with me , he was vulnerable and lost . 
 he was struggling like the rest of us mortals to come to terms with his place in the world . 
 i liked seeing this human side of him , even though his pain broke my heart . 
 `` i wish i could take your pain away , '' i whispered . 
 he tightened his arm around me and then raised one hand to tip my chin up so that we were looking into one another 's faces . 
 `` you already have . '' 
 his eyes were warm and full of complete sincerity . 
 he smiled softly , and i realized that he legitimately liked me . 
 maybe even loved me . 
 joy surged through me as if i 'd been asked to prom by my high-school crush . 
 `` you make me happier than i 've been in a long time . '' 
 `` you really are as charming as you appear , are n't you ? '' 
 i purred , falling into the dark velvet of his eyes . 
 between those eyes and that smile , i was never going to escape his allure . 
 i did n't want to . 
 `` probably , '' he replied , his grin gaining a touch of cockiness . 
 `` it just depends on how charming you think i am . '' 
 `` very . '' 
 so much so that i was willing to make the same mistakes over and over again just to see that smile . 
 i was a lovestruck idiot . 
 `` good . 
 i have to keep you somehow , '' he murmured , moving to kiss me on the top of my head . 
 this was a beautiful moment , so of course i had to ruin it . 
 my stomach rumbled . 
 it was loud enough to be audible even over the constant roar of the storm . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 i could n't believe it had been that loud . 
 logan laughed , his chest reverberating mirthfully against my shoulder . 
 `` i guess you 're hungry , '' he teased . 
 `` let 's get some food . 
 i was told they 're still delivering room service even though it 's storming . '' 
 `` really ? 
 that sounds wonderful . 
 i 'm starving , but i do n't want to get up . '' 
 i glanced down at my watch . 
 `` holy cow . 
 it 's two in the afternoon . '' 
 `` already ? 
 time flies when you 're having fun , '' logan mused , slowly sitting up . 
 he looked around until he saw the room service menu on the far desk . 
 i lost my breath as he stood . 
 his toned , na ** d body displayed its perfection to me . 
 i could n't take my eyes off him as he sauntered to the desk and retrieved the menus , completely unaware of the effect he was having on my lady parts . 
 i quickly tried to remember if i had anything planned for this evening , or if i could stay here and continue having more fun . 
 i would have to check my phone , which was in my pants across the room , and i had no intention of leaving this bed unless it was for food . 
 `` maddy must be wondering where i am , '' i mused out loud . 
 i hoped she just thought i was napping . 
 `` i wo n't tell if you do n't , '' logan replied , sitting down on the edge of the bed and handing me a menu . 
 `` i 'm not sure she likes me all that much . '' 
 `` she 's just being protective of me , and until you explained everything , she had good reason , '' i told him . 
 `` she 's kind of a best friend , guard dog , mom and secretary all rolled into one smart lady . '' 
 `` she does n't have to worry . 
 i would n't hurt you for the world . 
 and , i ca n't tell you how sorry i am for the last time . '' 
 his face grew serious . 
 `` i knew then just how amazing you were , and i should have called you that morning and never stopped . 
 my father and his company be damned . '' 
 `` you already got me into your bed . 
 you do n't have to keep charming me , '' i said with a smile . 
 he relaxed his shoulders and grinned . 
 `` maybe i want more than you just in my bed . '' 
 i looked up from the menu with wide eyes . 
 did he mean what i thought he meant ? 
 i did n't think we were quite at the point of talking about the future yet . 
 while we were connecting fantastically , we 'd only been together for under a day . 
 furthermore , most of that time had been physical , and we both knew our sexual chemistry had a far better track record than our emotional one . 
 `` i mean , '' he explained smoothly , as if he had always meant to continue his sentence , `` i 'm hoping to get some of your food . 
 other people 's fries always taste better . '' 
 he flashed a friendly smile before looking down to continue perusing his menu . 
 i could n't be sure , but i had a strong feeling that he had n't really been talking about french fries . 
 i wondered if he had been keeping tabs on me like i had kept tabs on him . 
 no matter how many times i cleared my history , his name was my favorite google search term . 
 i knew there was only a hair 's width of difference between love and hate and that i swung wildly around him . 
 `` i 'm going to get the maui burger , '' logan announced , setting the menu down . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 `` i 'll get a cobb salad , '' i answered . 
 `` you 're getting the burger with pineapple on it ? 
 gross . '' 
 `` not gross . 
 delicious . 
 besides , you 're getting a salad . 
 on vacation . '' 
 his disgust at my healthy choice was obvious , and his skeptical frown made me laugh . 
 `` it 's got bacon . 
 and eggs . '' 
 i handed him my menu . 
 `` it 's a salad . '' 
 he took my menu but did n't pick up the phone , giving me a chance to change my mind before he ordered . 
 `` i happen to like salads , '' i said , sticking my tongue out at him . 
 `` i happen to like you , '' he responded immediately . 
 a little blush colored my cheeks . 
 what a flirt he was . 
 `` still , a salad ? '' 
 `` you 're right . 
 it 's vacation . 
 get me the brownie sundae for dessert , '' i acquiesced . 
 `` that 's more like it , '' he said with a grin . 
 while he picked up the phone and ordered , i stretched out on the bed , feeling the sheets slide across my skin as his voice caressed my ears . 
 i felt wonderful . 
 being with logan , tangled up in sheets felt luxurious and comfortable at the same time . 
 being with him like this , now that i did n't think he was out to get me , was easy . 
 almost too easy . 
 `` they 'll be here in thirty minutes , '' logan informed me , hanging up the phone . 
 `` thirty minutes ? '' 
 i whined . 
 i was hungry now . 
 `` i do n't know if i 'll last that long . '' 
 a naughty smirk lit up logan 's features . 
 `` i guess i 'll just have to distract you until then . '' 
 i trembled at his words , feeling a different kind of hunger fill me . 
 a hunger that only logan could satisfy . 
 `` distract away , '' i said , my voice breathless with want . 
 logan 's eyes darkened and his body hardened as he bent over me and began to make me crave only his body . 
 chapter 21 `` you go on in , '' i told logan as i entered the password into my phone . 
 `` i 'll be right there . '' 
 `` okay , '' he murmured into my hair , kissing me before heading toward the bathroom . 
 i raised my eyes from the screen to watch his muscled ass as he walked . 
 i bit my bottom lip and made a little noise of appreciation when he leaned over to turn on the shower . 
 he must have heard me , because he turned and winked at me before stepping into the spray of water . 
 i was sad when he closed the glass door , blurring my view of water sluicing down his body . 
 i had two missed calls and a bunch of emails . 
 the messages could wait until later , but i needed to call maddy and assure her that i was n't dead . 
 `` hey , maddy , '' i greeted her when she picked up the phone on the third ring . 
 `` you called ? '' 
 `` i checked your room to see if you wanted some dinner , and you were n't there . '' 
 i could hear the tv on in the background . 
 she must have been in her room . 
 `` you doing okay ? '' 
 `` yeah , i 'm fine . 
 i 'm actually feeling better about things . '' 
 logan 's administrations had me feeling more than fine , but i was n't ready to tell her about him yet . 
 she was n't logan 's biggest admirer , and i knew she would discourage me from seeing him . 
 but right now , he was the only person i wanted to see . 
 `` good ! '' 
 i could hear the smile in her voice . 
 `` you want to come to dinner with tyler and me ? 
 there is a very good chance , though , that tyler will go see the dog and ditch me . 
 i could use the company . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i said slowly . 
 i could see the hazy outline of logan 's body in the shower . 
 i really wanted to get wet with him . 
 `` but i ca n't . 
 you two have some good mother-son-dog bonding time without me . 
 go with him to feed the dog or something . '' 
 `` because that 's my idea of a great vacation . '' 
 maddy 's eye-rolling was audible . 
 `` i wanted to ask , how is spock doing ? 
 tyler did a great job of setting things up for him . '' 
 i watched through the glass as logan soaped himself up . 
 the tempered glass door hid the details , but my imagination was doing a fantastic job of adding them in . 
 `` the dog does n't like the room , but other than that he 's doing well . 
 tyler 's planning on sleeping with him down there tonight , '' maddy said . 
 i knew her well enough to tell she was shaking her head at the thought . 
 `` i do n't know how i 'm going to tell him the dog ca n't come home with us . '' 
 `` are you sure about that , maddy ? '' 
 i hesitated to say it was a bad idea , but i knew i was going to have to help tyler sell the dog to her . 
 `` tyler 's such a good kid . 
 he deserves a friend . '' 
 `` you 've made a friend here , too , have n't you ? '' 
 maddy asked , changing the subject and catching me off guard . 
 `` what ? 
 i have n't found a dog ... '' i really hoped she did n't know about logan . 
 `` disappearing all day and now sounding all happy and content ? 
 please . 
 there are some definite hotties around here , '' she said , trying to sound nonchalant and failing miserably . 
 she was living vicariously through me . 
 `` that surfing instructor was pretty easy on the eyes . 
 please tell me it 's the surfing instructor . '' 
 `` maddy , i have no idea what you 're talking about . '' 
 that was only a little lie . 
 i did n't know who the surfing instructor was . 
 `` fine , '' she pouted . 
 `` just know that i 'm a little jealous , but i 'm glad you 're finally finding a way to relax . 
 how about i see you for lunch tomorrow ? 
 you can tell me all about his perfect six-pack abs then . '' 
 i could n't help but smile . 
 `` sounds good . 
 i 'll see you then . '' 
 `` oh , and one more thing , '' she added quickly . 
 `` stay away from logan hayes . 
 you do n't need him complicating things or messing with your head any more than he already has . 
 that man 's trouble . '' 
 `` i 'll keep that in mind , '' i replied , hoping i was n't giving everything away with my voice . 
 maddy had the ability to see right through me when she wanted to . 
 `` okay . 
 have fun , and i 'll see you tomorrow . '' 
 `` bye , maddy . '' 
 i clicked the phone off and tossed it onto the bed . 
 i was about to disregard maddy 's recommendation-hell , i already had . 
 that shower had waited long enough . 
 chapter 22 gray light seeped through the edges of the boarded-up window , but instead of making logan 's room seem gloomy , it simply made me sleepy . 
 i guessed it must still be early morning , but with the storm hiding the sun , it was difficult to tell . 
 a gust of wind shook the boards on the windows , but they were locked down tight . 
 so far , the hotel had withstood the force of the hurricane as if it were nothing more than a summer breeze . 
 noah had done a good job . 
 i rolled to my side , expecting to find a warm body to cuddle up against . 
 instead , i found empty sheets . 
 the space was cold . 
 logan was long gone from the bed . 
 a moment of panic washed over me , but peeking out through the doorway , i could see the glow of a computer screen in the other room . 
 i instantly relaxed . 
 he was just working . 
 i could understand that . 
 the man ran a multibillion-dollar travel company ; he had to work sometime . 
 i reached out to the nightstand and checked my smartphone . 
 it was only a little after eight in the morning , but the little blinking alert light was going crazy . 
 in addition to all the emails i 'd ignored previously , i 'd received five urgent messages . 
 i hoped , maybe , that one or two of them might be my consultants asking to return to dream vacations , or maybe my lawyer telling me i 'd be able to destroy gerald hayes in court . 
 either way , i needed to go to my room and use my computer . 
 i slid silently out of bed and tiptoed out to the living area . 
 logan 's room was similar to mine . 
 he sat typing away at the work desk . 
 i crept up behind him , grinning like a naughty school girl at the thrill of startling him . 
 it looked like he was emailing someone , but i did my best not to read over his shoulder . 
 `` good morning , handsome , '' i whispered seductively in his ear . 
 logan jumped practically three feet into the air and slammed the laptop shut . 
 i giggled and came to sit on his lap . 
 he stared at me for a moment , his hand still pressing down on his computer . 
 `` good morning to you too , '' he finally spit out . 
 there was an edge to his words that i was n't expecting , but i put it off as just being annoyed that i had scared him . 
 he quickly shuffled the papers laying on the desk into a computer bag and out of sight . 
 it was almost as if he did n't want me to see them . 
 he pushed me off his lap and stood up , putting the laptop into the bag with the papers . 
 once everything was away , he took a deep breath and smiled at me . 
 his shoulders dropped down to their proper position , and he looked far calmer . 
 i wondered what could possibly be in that bag that had him so anxious to keep it private . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 i asked , trying to get my bearings . 
 i had been expecting warm kisses by now . 
 `` yes , '' he said , but his head shook no . 
 `` just catching up on work stuff . 
 lawyers stress me out . 
 you want to go get some breakfast ? '' 
 `` i ca n't , '' i replied , looking around the room for my clothes . 
 i had thought i had taken them off here , but i did n't see them . 
 `` room service again ? '' 
 logan asked , wrapping me up in his arms . 
 this was the morning greeting i had been expecting . 
 he pulled me in to him , his bare chest against mine . 
 between his skin and the panty-dropping smile he was using , i was tempted to stay . 
 very tempted . 
 `` i ca n't , '' i said , kissing him softly before disentangling myself from his arms . 
 `` while room service does sound wonderful , i need to go check my email . '' 
 i saw my shirt peeking out from beneath the couch and pulled it out . 
 logan was right behind me as i stood , nipping on the soft spot of my neck and sending shivers down my spine . 
 his breath was hot and welcome on my skin . 
 `` you sure ? '' 
 i let myself relax against him again , his kisses teasing the delicate skin of my neck and the shirt nearly falling from my fingers . 
 `` i ca n't , '' i managed to say a final time , though not without hesitation . 
 i stepped away and turned to look him in the face . 
 `` i have this little business problem i 'm trying to fix today . '' 
 he grimaced slightly . 
 `` right . 
 that . 
 i promise , i 'm doing what i can to make it right . '' 
 i knew this was n't his fault . 
 it was his father 's . 
 `` i really appreciate it . 
 i do . '' 
 i put the shirt up over my head , starting the process of getting dressed . 
 `` you want to get a table for us downstairs ? 
 i 'll do my best to get through my emails quickly , but then we can at least still have breakfast . '' 
 `` i 'll take you any way i can get you , '' he answered , his eyes hovering at the bottom hem of my shirt and darkening . 
 he was wearing only a pair of boxers , and i was strongly considering changing my mind yet again . 
 but my phone chirped indicating another urgent message . 
 business before pleasure , i thought . 
 always business before pleasure . 
 `` i want you to know how incredibly tempted i am just to stay up here , '' i said . 
 he grinned and i nearly lost my nerve to leave . 
 `` hurry , then , and we 'll eat quickly and come back . '' 
 he paused , bending over to pick up my shorts and hand them over . 
 he leaned back and watched me finish dressing . 
 as i put on my shoes , he waggled his eyebrows . 
 `` or maybe we 'll go destroy your room next . '' 
 `` i 'd like that . 
 i 'll see you in fifteen minutes . 
 maybe twenty , depending on the emails , '' i promised , going to the door . 
 `` one more thing , '' he said , crossing the distance between us and taking me in his arms again . 
 i knew his kiss was coming , but even then , i was n't prepared for it . 
 he took my breath away , stealing it for himself and making me forget that i had ever needed to breathe in the first place . 
 my knees went weak , and my heart pounded in my chest as my body started to heat . 
 i melted into him , relishing his kiss . 
 this was the way to start a morning . 
 `` that 's better than coffee , '' i gasped when he let me go . 
 he chuckled , obviously proud of himself . 
 `` there 's more where that came from , '' he assured me , sauntering back to his office chair . 
 i took one last look at his broad shoulders , enjoying the view and the pleasant tingling sensation that his visage caused in my nether regions . 
 today was going to be a very good day . 
 *** i slid my key card into the door and waited for the green light to flash in recognition . 
 i never trusted these electronic hotel locks . 
 i had accidentally stored one too many of them in the same pocket as my phone so that they were demagnetized . 
 `` where were you all day yesterday ? '' 
 maddy asked , startling me . 
 i nearly missed the green light because i was too busy bumping my head against the ceiling . 
 `` and in the same clothes no less ? '' 
 `` maddy , you scared me , '' i told her , putting a hand to my thumping heart . 
 the little jolt of adrenaline raced through me . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` just walking by . '' 
 maddy came right up next to me , peering into my face and then bursting out in a big grin . 
 `` i was right . 
 you 've been with someone . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i chuckled nervously . 
 i was n't ready for this conversation yet . 
 i had n't had my coffee , and while logan 's kiss was the best way to wake up , i was n't ready to face the wrath of momma maddy without my caffeine . 
 `` i have no idea what you 're talking about . '' 
 maddy laughed , clearly enjoying my discomfort . 
 `` you met a boy . 
 or rather , judging from that happy glow you 're giving off , you met a man . '' 
 i nearly slipped putting the key card in a second time , but i at least managed to get the door open . 
 maddy followed me inside , practically bouncing with excitement . 
 `` maddy , i have no idea what you 're talking about . '' 
 i tried to keep my face serious , but she knew me far too well . 
 she hugged me and giggled . 
 `` tell me all about him . 
 i want to know everything . '' 
 she grinned . 
 she was so happy for me . 
 both of us had struggled with the dating world the past two years , so i knew she saw either one of us getting any action as a victory for both of us . 
 i sighed . 
 there was no way i was getting out of this . 
 at least i did n't have to tell her who it was . 
 `` maddy ... '' i had no idea what to say next . 
 maddy , i 'm sleeping with my biggest rival and the man who already broke my heart once . 
 and i think i 'm falling for him again . 
 because , i 'm just that smart . 
 yeah . 
 that would go over really well . 
 `` i have n't seen you this happy in a long time . 
 i was a little worried about you , '' maddy confessed . 
 `` but right now , you 're radiant . 
 love looks good on you . '' 
 `` it 's not love , '' i said a little too quickly , feeling a blush settle in my cheeks . 
 maddy raised her eyebrows . 
 `` if you say so . 
 whatever it is , at least the sex makes you look good . '' 
 `` maddy ! '' 
 my blush went deeper . 
 `` messy hair , rosy cheeks , a little wiggle in your walk ... '' maddy demonstrated , moving her h * ps in a swivel that made her look like she was going to throw out her back in the process . 
 `` it 's pretty obvious . 
 tell me all about him . '' 
 i let my arms fall to my side . 
 there was no fighting her . 
 if i just gave her the info she wanted , and left out the logan part , everyone could go happily to breakfast . 
 if she saw me at breakfast with him , i could say i was being a good businesswoman and considering all my options . 
 that sounded reasonable enough to me . 
 `` well , he 's built like a greek god and worthy of the legends . '' 
 i thought of logan 's broad shoulders and the magic his fingers could work . 
 definitely worthy of the legends . 
 `` i was ... let 's go with hesitant , about him at first . 
 but he 's not what i thought . 
 he convinced me to look a little deeper . '' 
 `` oh , you 've got it bad . '' 
 maddy snickered and sat down on the bed , bouncing up and down a little like a middle school sleepover guest . 
 `` what 's his name ? '' 
 `` um ... '' i turned away from her , digging into my suitcase , and bit my lip . 
 maddy knew my history with logan . 
 she was one of the few people that actually understood all of it , and had witnessed its effects on me . 
 ever since the wedding , she had become extremely protective of me when it came to logan . 
 i was pretty sure she felt guilty about blabbing to him . 
 a knock on the door saved me . 
 `` i got it , '' maddy said , hopping up from the bed . 
 i let out a sigh of relief . 
 hopefully , it was just housekeeping . 
 `` hi , maddy , '' logan 's voice said from the doorway . 
 `` i was just seeing if olivia was ready for breakfast . '' 
 my heart dropped , landed on the floor , and flopped around like a fish . 
 it just had to be logan at the door . 
 i was pretty sure fate hated me . 
 i held onto a sliver of hope that i could convince her this would be just a business meeting , but i could feel it in my bones that she was going to figure it out . 
 maddy was a mom . 
 she always figured this stuff out . 
 `` she 's getting dressed . 
 how about i have her meet you down at the restaurant ? '' 
 maddy was nothing but polite , and i knew that meant trouble . 
 she was never courteous unless it was to a customer or someone she was contemplating killing later . 
 she said the politeness was part of her plan to get away with murder some day . 
 all the witnesses would say it just could n't have been maddy because she was always so gracious . 
 logan was a dead man . 
 `` that sounds wonderful . 
 would you and tyler like to join us ? '' 
 logan asked . 
 i wanted to kiss him and smack him at the same time . 
 bless him for trying to find a way to be a part of my life , but this was just digging my grave a little deeper . 
 `` we already ate , thank you , '' maddy responded . 
 `` all right . 
 say hi to tyler for me , '' logan said with a smile in his voice . 
 `` i should go get a table before all the good ones are taken . 
 it was nice to see you , maddy . '' 
 `` thank you , logan . 
 i 'll send olivia down in just a bit . 
 we have some things we need to discuss , '' she said , all smiles and sunshine . 
 an icy balloon was growing in the pit of my stomach . 
 the regret i had so successfully ignored up until now was filling up all the hollow spaces in my body . 
 i quickly changed my clothes as maddy quietly closed the door . 
 `` please tell me this is n't what i 'm thinking it is , '' she said , coming into the bedroom . 
 she was wearing her worried mom look and i could feel my willpower crumbling against it . 
 `` maddy , let me explain ... '' `` oh my gosh , it is ... '' maddy leaned against the doorway , her mouth hanging open . 
 disappointment was written all over her face . 
 `` what is there to explain ? 
 you 're sleeping with the man who not only tried to ruin your business once , but is actively trying to do it again ? 
 not to mention , the last time he slept with you he never bothered to call you back ? 
 what are you thinking ? '' 
 `` he did n't have anything to do with the business ! '' 
 i interjected . 
 i hated that disapproving look . 
 i would take angry , upset , or horror over disappointed any day of the week . 
 `` olivia ... '' maddy pressed her fingertips into her forehead and took a steadying breath . 
 `` do n't you see what he 's doing ? '' 
 `` he did n't have anything to do with the consultants , maddy . 
 he feels terribly about all of it . 
 he 's even trying to help , '' i told her , desperate to explain . 
 i could n't handle her stricken gaze . 
 `` he 's using you ! '' 
 she exclaimed , swiftly crossing the space between us and resting her hands atop my shoulders so she could shake them . 
 `` what ? '' 
 her words did n't make any sense . 
 i stepped back , but she did n't let go . 
 she sighed and spoke slowly . 
 `` he wants your company . 
 for the past six months , you have n't given it to him . 
 he 's tried everything to get it . 
 and it has n't worked , so he 's trying a new tactic . '' 
 `` no ... '' i shook my head , but she would n't let me go . 
 `` he gets you to like him . 
 trust him . 
 believe that he 's looking out for your best interests . '' 
 maddy paused and pressed her lips together for a moment . 
 `` how long do you think you 'll be able to keep telling him you 're not selling when you 're sleeping in bed with him ? '' 
 `` it 's not like that , maddy , '' i said , trying to figure out what it actually was like myself . 
 with her words in my ear , i was n't quite so sure anymore . 
 doubt was creeping into regret 's spot in my stomach . 
 `` then what is it like ? 
 from where i 'm standing , a shrewd , conniving businessman is reaching you where you are most vulnerable . 
 as soon as you give him what he wants , he 's going to leave you high and dry ... again . '' 
 she frowned , her eyes concerned . 
 what scared me more than anything was that she was n't even angry . 
 `` he would n't ... '' i repeated breathlessly . 
 `` how can you say that after what he did to you ? 
 if it had n't been for him , you would have had backers like travel-pedia and hotelvacations two years ago . '' 
 she stopped and took a deep breath . 
 `` he led you on for the benefit of travel , inc. . 
 and now he 's doing it again , but you 're too charmed by his six-pack abs and empty promises to see it . 
 but this time , it 's going to be even worse . 
 i wo n't be able to save you this time . '' 
 tears welled up in my eyes . 
 what if she was right ? 
 what if this was just another one of logan 's amazing business negotiation tactics ? 
 i did n't want to be used again . 
 but he had been so honest and sincere yesterday . 
 it had felt real , more real than anything i had ever had with another person . 
 `` he 's promised to help me fix this , '' i said meekly , still unwilling to doubt him in full . 
 `` he 's sincere about it . 
 i know it . '' 
 `` and he has n't given you any reason not to trust that ? 
 i mean , even if we negate past experiences with him , he has n't done anything that makes you think he might be hiding something from you ? '' 
 maddy asked . 
 i instantly remembered when he slammed his laptop shut this morning . 
 `` no . 
 he has n't done anything to make me doubt him . '' 
 it was n't really a lie . 
 maddy did n't need to know what had happened this morning after i startled him . 
 besides , he had every right to be startled . 
 i would have reacted the same way . 
 maddy looked at me , evaluating my words before speaking . 
 `` you remember meeting my ex-husband , tom , right ? 
 you shook his hand and he smiled and was incredibly charming ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 i had met him only once , but he had seemed very nice . 
 `` and i bet you wondered for a moment , ` is maddy crazy ? 
 this is a great guy ! ' '' 
 maddy paused just long enough for me to start denying it before she cut me off . 
 `` but you saw what he did to me . 
 how he was so sweet and kind and caring about the whole affair . 
 he apologized so many times and i believed him . '' 
 `` i remember , '' i said softly . 
 she sniffled and wiped her eye with her hand . 
 `` and then he took everything . 
 and because i had trusted him-because i thought his lies were sincere promises-he got it all . 
 he left tyler and me with nothing because i trusted him when he said he had ` only good intentions ' toward me . '' 
 i remembered that part , too . 
 i met maddy just as the divorce proceedings had started . 
 things had seemed to be amicable on the surface , but the lying , cheating bastard had abused maddy 's innocence and love . 
 he took almost everything in the divorce simply because he could . 
 `` tell me you do n't see the parallel here . 
 tell me that logan , and all his tactics and charm , does n't remind you of tom . '' 
 maddy held onto me , forcing me to look her in the eye instead of down at the floor . 
 the parallels were strong , but surely logan was a better person than tom . 
 as much as i loved maddy , i knew i was better at reading people . 
 but when i met maddy 's pleading gaze , i was n't so sure about anything anymore . 
 maddy was one of the sharpest people i knew . 
 nothing seemed to get by her , and yet tom had taken advantage of her , time and again . 
 could i be missing what logan was doing in the same way ? 
 was maddy right ? 
 was love blinding me ? 
 i was n't sure . 
 `` i 'm not trying to destroy your happiness . 
 i 'm really not . 
 i 'm trying to do you a favor here . 
 do n't be me . '' 
 she let go of my shoulders and sighed . 
 `` just do n't believe his sweet words and leave your business unguarded . '' 
 i looked down at my hands . 
 i was so confused . 
 logan and maddy each pulled on my heartstrings and unsettled my mind . 
 how on earth was i supposed to chose ? 
 `` even if he is exactly what he says he is , even if the evil travel , inc. company did all of this without his knowledge , is logan hayes of travel , inc. someone that olivia statler of dream vacations should be associating with ? '' 
 maddy asked , switching to a more logical tactic . 
 when i did n't respond , she continued , `` if he ca n't buy your company , he 's going to become your biggest competition . 
 his company , with or without his consent , stole our top consultants . 
 if travel , inc. ca n't get ownership of dream vacations , they are going to make their own . 
 with that in mind , where do you see this relationship going ? '' 
 i did n't have an immediate answer for that . 
 i had been so caught up in the moment , in our passionate hurricane kisses , that i had n't thought of the future . 
 i turned and walked to the window , trying to think . 
 the wind rattled the boards , but we were still safe from the storm outside . 
 i realized i was now accustomed to the roar of the rain and barely even heard it anymore . 
 it was funny how quickly that had happened . 
 i tried to imagine a future where i still had complete control over dream vacations and also still had logan . 
 my imagination was not kind . 
 in every scenario i could think of , hostilities were bound to brew up between us like storms . 
 i thought of us trying to talk over dinner about work ; thought of meeting his brother ; thought of meeting his father . 
 that last one made me shudder . 
 if his father was willing to go to the work of stealing my consultants away in order to bring down my business , what would he be willing to do if he found out we were together ? 
 not only would both of our lives revolve around our work ; we 'd be working toward completely opposite goals . 
 despite my feelings for logan , i could n't see a way of us working beyond these hotel walls . 
 `` what do i do , maddy ? '' 
 i felt a tear run down my cheek . 
 i turned from the window to face her . 
 `` i like him , and i know he likes me . 
 a lot . 
 how do i go downstairs and say , ` hey , thanks for the fantastic sex and deep conversations , but for business reasons , we 're going to have to stop seeing each other . ' '' 
 `` you say just that . 
 maybe a little more nicely , '' she offered with a smile . 
 `` i do n't want to hurt him , '' i whispered . 
 even though he had once hurt me , i did n't want to turn around and do the same . 
 once , not that long ago , i would have relished this opportunity . 
 but now ... now , i hated it . 
 i slid to the floor and leaned against the wall . 
 i could feel the strength of the storm outside as it pummeled the siding . 
 `` you have a choice to make , then , '' maddy stated logically . 
 `` logan hayes , billionaire playboy representing your biggest competition , or the business you built with your own blood , sweat , and tears . 
 the business that feeds not only my son and me , but six other women 's families ? 
 the company of your dreams . 
 it 's either logan , or dream vacations , liv . '' 
 i glanced up at her , my eyes welling with fresh tears . 
 i knew she was right . 
 i was responsible for the financial well-being of my employees . 
 that did n't mean i had to like it , though . 
 `` why ca n't i have both ? '' 
 maddy crossed the room and dropped to her knees to hug me . 
 i felt safe in her arms-not as safe as i did in logan 's , but i knew she loved me and would always do so . 
 `` because life sucks . 
 i 'm pretty sure the whole goal of existence is to make things as complicated and difficult as possible . '' 
 i let out a shuddering sigh . 
 i wished i had never gotten out of bed . 
 this is n't what i wanted . 
 not even close , but i knew what i needed to do . 
 maddy rose and helped me stand . 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 she asked , once i was up . 
 i stared at the door , desperately racking my brain for an alternative solution . 
 i could n't find one . 
 `` i hate being an adult , '' i whined , sounding more like a kid instead . 
 `` i do n't want to do this . '' 
 `` do you want me to do it for you ? '' 
 maddy offered . 
 `` i 'll go down there and do it myself if it will make it easier for you . '' 
 `` thank you , but no . '' 
 i shook my head and took a deep breath . 
 `` it needs to come from me . 
 otherwise , it 's too close to what he did to me . 
 i had the hardest time accepting that and letting it go . 
 if i do it , it will be real . 
 if you do it , then there 's a chance . 
 i do n't want to tempt him with false hope . 
 if he had been the one to call and tell me that travel , inc. did n't want me-that our drinks had been fun , but there was nothing for us-i would have believed it and it would n't have weighed so heavy on my heart . '' 
 maddy hugged me again . 
 i tried to absorb some of her resolve , but i did n't feel any tougher . 
 she squeezed me tighter . 
 `` you can do it . 
 do you want me to come down with you ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i said timidly . 
 `` but stay out of sight . 
 i need to be the one doing this . 
 i ca n't have you standing there coaching me . '' 
 `` i 'll stay hidden , do n't worry , '' she assured me . 
 `` this will all work out in the end . '' 
 i nodded absently , opening the door to the hallway . 
 `` by the way , where 's tyler ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i knew it was a distraction , but i needed something better to put in my mind than the fact that i was off to break someone 's heart . 
 `` sleeping in . 
 he spent most of the night with spock . 
 the room that they have him in echoes really loudly with the wind . 
 plus , if tyler is n't with him , the dog gets anxious , '' she explained . 
 `` i guess they both need each other , '' i reasoned . 
 `` yeah , they do . '' 
 maddy waited patiently for me to step into the hallway , but i just stood there listening to her tell me about tyler . 
 `` anyway , i went down and found them both fast asleep in a corner , so i brought tyler back to sleep in a bed . 
 poor kid needed some actual rest . 
 spock should be fine until tyler wakes up . '' 
 i nodded but made no move to leave the doorway . 
 maddy gave me a gentle nudge . 
 `` now , stop stalling . 
 rip off the band-aid , or it 's just going to hurt worse , '' she advised me . 
 i finally moved forward , and maddy closed the door firmly behind me . 
 chapter 23 logan sat at a table waiting for me . 
 his long legs were crossed off to the side as he flipped through an old newspaper and sipped on a coffee . 
 he looked content and alluring with the candlelight flickering across his handsome face . 
 the lighting in the restaurant was romantic , which felt strange for breakfast , but but since all the windows were boarded over , having candles on each table made sense in case of power outage . 
 i swallowed hard and looked back at maddy , who was waiting by the elevators . 
 she nodded . 
 i took a deep breath , trying to stop time . 
 it did n't work . 
 i still had to do this . 
 i paused , taking in the strength of his jaw and the curve of his cheek . 
 that lone curl had fallen across his forehead again . 
 i tried to imagine this scene with the two of us in chicago . 
 could we make it work ? 
 was maddy wrong ? 
 every last minute scenario i could come up with was terrible . 
 our businesses always came between us . 
 i wished that his father had n't turned me down two years ago . 
 if i had joined travel , inc. then , i would n't be going through this now . 
 granted , i would have never found out how strong i could be and how much i loved running my own business , but the loss still made my heart ache . 
 i had to do this . 
 i had to end it my relationship with logan here , before it had a chance to move off the island and destroy us both . 
 i could almost convince myself that if i stopped us now , it would n't hurt . 
 that the connection we had was purely physical . 
 that i was n't starting to feel things toward him . 
 that i had n't actually been feeling those things towards him for a long time . 
 love and hate were such opposite sides of the spectrum , but yet i knew emotions were more like a circle than a line . 
 the distinction between the two was blurry , and i was terribly afraid i had crossed it a long time ago . 
 still , this relationship endangered my livelihood . 
 i put everything i had , emotionally and financially , into building and running dream vacations . 
 sleeping with the competition put all that i had worked for in jeopardy . 
 i loved the freedom of owning my own business and making my own decisions . 
 i could n't give that up . 
 not for something i was n't sure was going to last a week outside of the tropical air . 
 business was what had kept us apart the last time , too . 
 this romance was doomed from the start . 
 maddy was right . 
 it was logan or my company . 
 and right now , my company had the better track record . 
 logan had the better body , but dream vacations was my future . 
 i squared my shoulders and pulled up the memory of the secretary telling me that mr. hayes was no longer interested . 
 i let that hurt wash over me and give me the strength to do this . 
 i could be gentle , but my resolve had to be firm . 
 i walked into the room and sat down across from the man whose heart i was about to break . 
 his face blossomed into a smile as i sat . 
 he glanced down at the table , indicating the cup of coffee he 'd gotten for me . 
 i could smell the delicious aroma of a vanilla latte . 
 my favorite . 
 my nerve wavered , and i nearly called my plan off . 
 be strong , i told myself . 
 you can do this . 
 you have to do this . 
 `` i read in an interview that vanilla lattes were your favorite , '' logan admitted . 
 he grinned like a child eager to hear that his surprise was well liked . 
 `` yes , they are , '' i said softly , staring down at the light brown liquid . 
 his eyes held that color sometimes . 
 i felt tears forming deep within me . 
 i hated this part . 
 this moment of innocence and calm before the storm was terrible . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 logan asked . 
 his enthusiasm had switched to concern . 
 he reached out a hand and placed it on mine . 
 i pulled my hand away . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm not . '' 
 my voice shook as i looked up from the coffee and in to his troubled face . 
 `` i 'm very sorry , but we ca n't do this . '' 
 `` they have a couple of other flavors of lattes , '' logan replied , deliberately misunderstanding me . 
 `` you can have anything you want . '' 
 `` it 's not the latte , '' i said quietly . 
 my heart was made of glass and it was shattering . 
 `` it 's us . '' 
 and then i proceeded to break both our hearts . 
 chapter 24 `` the hurricane currently pounding on the shores of antigua and the surrounding islands has been upgraded to a category 2 hurricane with wind speeds approaching a hundred and ten miles per hour . 
 the storm is dissipating as it moves further south , but conditions are still considered to be dangerous . 
 residents are advised to stay indoors in a safe location . 
 power outages and flooding are expected in many areas ... '' i stared at the tv screen , not really hearing the reporter 's words or even seeing the map . 
 the room was dark except for the glowing screen , and i was simply focused on the light . 
 i was n't sure how long i had been sitting here , staring at nothing and hating myself , but enough time had passed that the gray light was gone from the windows . 
 i kept seeing logan 's crumple , seeing the ache and betrayal in his eyes , seeing his broad shoulders slumping as he broke . 
 all i could hear were the tightness in his voice and the loss and pain that echoed through in the pauses between his words . 
 i had hurt him . 
 i had given him hope that we could be happy , and then stripped it all away from him . 
 having hurt him was what killed me most . 
 i reached for another kleenex , but the box was empty . 
 i did n't have the energy to move to find another one or to even get a roll of toilet paper from the bathroom . 
 i just wanted to curl up in a tiny ball and let the storm swallow me whole . 
 it was what i deserved . 
 worst . 
 vacation . 
 ever . 
 a frantic banging on my door finally roused me from my stupor . 
 i staggered to my feet and opened it to see a very pale maddy . 
 `` have you seen tyler ? '' 
 she asked , peeking around me to see if he was in my room . 
 her hair was a mess and her voice wrought with anxiety . 
 a jolt of fear woke me up from my own problems . 
 `` no , i have n't , '' i told her , opening the door wider to let her in . 
 `` is everything okay ? 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 she paced the living room nervously , the clunk of her walking boot only adding to my anxiety . 
 her hands twisted a bracelet around her wrist in a quick motion . 
 she only did that when she was extremely distressed . 
 `` i took a nap this afternoon , and when i woke up , tyler was n't in the room . 
 i went down to check on him and spock , but neither one of them was there . '' 
 `` i 'm sure they 're around here somewhere , maddy , '' i consoled her . 
 `` they must have just gone for a walk or something . '' 
 `` none of the staff has seen them . '' 
 she stopped mid-pace and looked up at me with eyes as wide as saucers . 
 `` keiko said she saw the door to spock 's area open earlier . '' 
 `` they ca n't have gone far . 
 tyler knows not to go out in the storm , '' i told her , but i was already putting on my shoes to go look for him . 
 `` but spock does n't , '' maddy countered , worry dripping off of every syllable . 
 `` that dog hated being in that room and with the door open ... i 'm scared tyler went after him . 
 what if they found a way out into the storm ? '' 
 i stood from putting my shoes on and put my hands on her shoulders . 
 she was shaking . 
 `` it 's going to be okay . 
 we 'll find him . 
 i promise . 
 they 're probably just in one of the kitchens stealing cookies or something . '' 
 she followed me out into the hallway and down to the main lobby . 
 dr. james was talking to the concierge , keiko . 
 both their expressions were troubled . 
 `` ms. sawyer , '' keiko addressed her as she saw us approach . 
 `` have you found him yet ? '' 
 maddy shook her head . 
 she was struggling to hold it together . 
 dr. james and keiko glanced at one another . 
 dr. james pressed his lips into a thin line that communicated all too well what he was thinking . 
 keiko picked up the phone . 
 `` security ? '' 
 she clarified in her calming voice . 
 `` yes . 
 we have a missing boy . 
 eleven years old . 
 light brown hair , brown eyes . 
 thin build . 
 last seen wearing ... ? '' 
 she asked , looking at maddy . 
 `` a blue t-shirt and gray cargo shorts , '' maddy supplied quickly . 
 keiko nodded and repeated maddy 's words into the phone . 
 `` can either of you think of where he might have gone ? '' 
 dr. james asked , drawing our attention to him . 
 `` has he made any friends his own age here ? 
 could he be in someone else 's room ? '' 
 `` no , '' maddy said , shaking her head . 
 `` the only friend he has is that dog . 
 he 'll be wherever the dog is . '' 
 i put my hand on maddy 's shoulder as she leaned against the desk . 
 a shriek of wind rattled the boards holding the storm at bay . 
 i swallowed hard and prayed that security found him quickly . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 logan asked , walking up to the concierge desk . 
 i had n't even heard him approach . 
 he looked remarkably put together . 
 i was sure i looked like a mess . 
 i had n't even bothered to brush my hair before coming down . 
 he refused to look at me , focusing instead on dr. james . 
 `` ms , sawyer 's son is missing , '' dr. james supplied . 
 `` you have n't happened to see an eleven-year-old boy running around , by any chance ? '' 
 `` tyler 's missing ? '' 
 logan froze . 
 `` where 's spock ? '' 
 `` maddy ca n't find him or the dog anywhere , '' i answered . 
 logan did n't look at me , but he paled . 
 keiko set down the phone . 
 she glanced at the faces around the desk before delivering her news . 
 `` security just did a sweep of the bathrooms , kitchens , and maintenance hallways and did n't find him . 
 one of the guards remembers seeing a dog running through the maintenance hallway a little after lunch , though . 
 he says strays get in there occasionally and did n't think much of it until now . 
 they 're going to start checking the rest of the buildings . '' 
 `` could they be lost in the maintenance hallway ? '' 
 maddy asked , fear and hope thrumming in her voice . 
 lost was bad , but at least they were safe from the storm . 
 `` no . 
 security checked them all . '' 
 keiko hesitated , her eyes going to dr. james before continuing . 
 `` but that hallway leads to the other buildings . 
 ones that are n't as secure against the storm . 
 if they went in there , they could have gotten outside . '' 
 everyone fell silent for a moment . 
 the wind howled and shook the doors . 
 the lights flickered slightly as the storm demonstrated its power . 
 `` we have to find them , '' i whispered , more to myself than to anyone else . 
 i looked at the boarded-up doors , starting to think of ways to search out in the storm . 
 `` you said the dog is missing too ? '' 
 logan asked quietly . 
 his eyes were on me now for the first time since his arrival , watching me contemplate the entrance . 
 i could practically see the gears in his brain turning . 
 `` he was n't in the room that we were keeping him in , '' maddy answered . 
 she was twisting her bracelet at a rate i was sure was going to give her friction burns . 
 `` he must have escaped . '' 
 `` i have an idea where they might be . 
 `` logan stood taller . 
 `` somewhere the dog would go to feel safe . 
 where 's that maintenance hallway ? '' 
 keiko pointed to the doorway behind and to her left . 
 `` he was in storage room three . 
 there 's diagrams at each junction . '' 
 logan moved quickly toward the door and i caught his arm . 
 he froze at my touch , his muscles tense and hard . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he gently extracted his arm from my grip but did n't look at me . 
 `` when we first met spock , he was sleeping in the shed with the jet-ski equipment . 
 i 'm guessing that 's where spock went and where tyler followed him . '' 
 `` the hallway does n't extend that far . 
 you 'd have to go out in the storm , '' dr. james informed us . 
 he looked to maddy . 
 `` would tyler have done that ? '' 
 maddy thought for a moment and her face crumpled . 
 `` yes . 
 he loves that dog . 
 he would have followed him through fire . '' 
 `` it 's amazing the things you 'll do for the ones you love , '' logan said quietly . 
 he glanced at me for a moment before shifting his gaze . 
 a lump formed in my throat that threatened to strangle me . 
 `` i 'm going to that shed , '' maddy announced . 
 `` no , '' logan said firmly . 
 `` if i 'm wrong , and he 's still in the building , you need to be here . 
 besides , you have a cast . 
 i 'll go . '' 
 `` i 'm going with you , '' dr. james informed him . 
 `` you do n't know where you 're going , but i do . 
 there 's raincoats in the service entrance . '' 
 keiko opened the door for logan and handed dr. james a flashlight and walkie talkie from beneath the desk . 
 i followed behind them , glancing back at maddy before disappearing into the hallway . 
 she nodded at me . 
 she wanted someone to go with them who knew tyler . 
 the sound of rain and wind echoed into infinity against the concrete walls as we hurried inside . 
 neither man said anything to me as we pushed down the corridor . 
 dr. james led with his flashlight ready in case the power went out . 
 in these enclosed hallways , it would be pitch black the second the lights failed . 
 we passed the room where spock had been staying . 
 the light was still on inside , illuminating the fact that the boy and his dog were missing . 
 i swallowed hard , fighting to stay calm against the panic growing in my chest . 
 tyler had to be okay . 
 he had to be . 
 we walked quickly and silently . 
 the howl of the storm filled our ears like constant thunder the closer we got to the exit . 
 finally we came to a heavy door at the end of the hallway . 
 dr. james went to a panel and pulled out three raincoats . 
 mine was too big , but i put the yellow plastic jacket on anyway . 
 `` this is as close as we can get to the storage shed , '' he told us and then checked in with his walkie talkie . 
 i could hear keiko on the other end . 
 dr. james looked at the two of us and then turned and opened the door . 
 the sky was molten lead . 
 rain was pouring down and bouncing off the already saturated ground and then hurrying back to the sea to do it again . 
 the trees on either side of the door struggled against the wind as their roots barely held them in place . 
 leaves , rocks , and pieces of wood littered the ground in haphazard piles that fluttered in the wind and then flew into the air . 
 every fiber of my being told me not to go out in this storm . 
 the fury of the storm terrified me . 
 the last time i had been out in the storm , it had been a delicate spring shower compared to this . 
 the walkie talkie squawked just as dr. james was about to step out . 
 he held it to his ear and then cursed . 
 `` shit . 
 there 's been an accident . 
 window broke and someone 's been cut . 
 i have to go back . '' 
 `` go , '' logan told him . 
 `` i know the way . '' 
 dr. james evaluated him for a moment and then nodded solemnly . 
 he pressed the speak button on the walkie talkie and held it to his mouth . 
 `` on my way . 
 giving the walkie to our searchers . '' 
 he handed me the heavy plastic device and flashlight . 
 `` good luck , you two . '' 
 i watched him speed back down the flickering hallway . 
 we were alone now . 
 i did n't dare look at logan . 
 as dr. james disappeared around a corner , a little more fear crept into my heart . 
 logan did n't hesitate . 
 the moment dr. james was gone from sight , logan struck out to find tyler . 
 he squared his broad shoulders against the wind and tucked his head , moving forward with purpose toward the storage shed . 
 luckily it was n't far . 
 i took a deep breath , stuffed the walkie and flashlight into my pocket , and stepped out into the storm to follow him . 
 the strength of the wind took my breath away . 
 it was as if the air were moving too fast and was filled with too much water for me to be able to breathe . 
 the rain pelted my raincoat with tiny , angry hammers . 
 a gust of wind caught me , and i felt my feet slide out from under me . 
 i wondered for a moment if i would simply fly away like a kite , but instead i fell into a puddle with a thud . 
 logan reached down and picked me up . 
 `` hold onto me , '' he shouted . 
 i clung to his waist , using his weight and size to stay anchored against the wind . 
 he pushed relentlessly on toward the shack . 
 the wind whipped at my too-big raincoat , alternating between turning it into a second skin and trying to tear it from my body . 
 i was tiny and powerless against this storm . 
 without logan to protect me , i felt like i was going to be ripped up into the air at any moment . 
 he stopped and pointed to the shed . 
 it was still there , but it did n't look like it was going to stay that way for long . 
 most of the roof was missing with the broken pieces scattered around the ground . 
 my heart was pounding in my throat . 
 i prayed that tyler was n't in there . 
 i needed him to be safe and sound somewhere far from the rain and wind . 
 together we crept forward , finally coming to the door . 
 logan pushed it open , and i shined the flashlight inside . 
 `` tyler ? '' 
 logan boomed , but his voice only lasted a second before the wind stole it . 
 `` tyler ! '' 
 a small movement caught the edge of the light . 
 `` tyler ! '' 
 i screamed , launching myself forward to get to him . 
 logan stopped me in my tracks with his arm and shook his head . 
 `` it is n't stable , '' he shouted into the wind . 
 i looked at him and realized i could hear the building creaking and groaning . 
 i peered into the shed , moving the flashlight back and forth , desperate to save tyler somehow . 
 debris was scattered randomly among upturned jet-skis and miscellaneous water-sport equipment . 
 my flashlight bounced off two glowing eyes . 
 spock woofed gently , his tail wagging in greeting as he recognized us . 
 `` come here , boy , '' i called , kneeling down and patting my leg . 
 spock took a single step forward before sitting down next to an upturned jet-ski and pile of plywood . 
 i gasped as i recognized tyler 's shoe poking out from under the wreckage . 
 logan saw it , too . 
 `` wait here and give me light , '' he commanded . 
 i barely heard him over the wind , but i nodded and focused the yellow beam of light on tyler 's shoe . 
 logan stepped gingerly over the threshold , glancing nervously at the creaking building . 
 my heart was simultaneously in my throat and stomach . 
 i wanted to follow him , to do something helpful , but i knew providing the light and not getting in the way was the best thing i could do . 
 i bit my lip , nearly drawing blood . 
 logan lifted a broken piece of wood from on top of tyler and hurled it to the side . 
 a toppled jet-ski had pinned tyler 's leg to the ground . 
 logan raised it , struggling with its awkward weight for a moment before righting it . 
 he picked up tyler 's small form and cradled him to his chest . 
 tyler 's hand dangled limply to the side . 
 `` tyler ... '' i whispered to the wind . 
 a sob caught in my throat . 
 he was so small and fragile in logan 's arms . 
 the limp hand moved and balled into the coat at logan 's chest . 
 my heart decided to beat again as logan exited the shed , spock right at his heels . 
 i led the way this time . 
 holding onto the makeshift bandana collar tyler had given spock and the flashlight , i took us back down the beach to the heavy hallway door . 
 spock pressed into my leg , as if he knew that if i let go he would fly away . 
 logan held onto me while he shielded tyler with his body as sand and water peppered our backs . 
 at least it was easier going this way . 
 i pushed open the heavy door to the maintenance hallway for logan and spock to enter . 
 stumbling in behind them , i looked down the beach toward the shack as i pulled the door shut . 
 the storage shed was gone . 
 a low , sick feeling filled the pit of my stomach . 
 if logan had n't thought of where they might be ... i slammed the door shut against the storm . 
 the rain and wind stopped pelting us , but the sounds of both filled the hallway . 
 tyler was pressed into logan 's chest , but he was breathing and awake . 
 i pulled the walkie talkie from my pocket . 
 `` this is olivia . 
 we 've got him . 
 he 's injured , but we 've got him . '' 
 `` roger that , olivia . '' 
 dr. james ' voice crackled over the connection . 
 i could hear maddy crying in the background . 
 `` i 'm in the lobby . 
 bring him home . '' 
 `` spock ? '' 
 tyler 's feeble voice asked , his head lifting to search for his beloved dog . 
 `` he 's here . 
 we got him , too , '' logan told him . 
 `` we got you both . 
 you 're safe now . '' 
 tyler relaxed his head onto logan 's shoulder , but he kept his death grip on logan 's raincoat . 
 logan 's eyes met mine for a brief moment . 
 their depths reflected the simultaneous relief and urgency i knew were in mine . 
 without another word , logan turned and moved quickly back down the hallway toward the main lobby . 
 spock was right behind them , eyes up on tyler 's feet . 
 one of his ankles did n't hang correctly and was already swelling . 
 i swallowed down the lump in my throat as i scrambled after them , hoping that the obviously broken ankle was the worst of tyler 's injuries . 
 the storm howled against the tunnel and the lights flickered , but we did n't stop . 
 logan followed the path as if he had walked it a thousand times and before i knew it , we were to the lobby . 
 spock whined softly at logan 's heels , frustrated that he could n't touch his master . 
 i petted his head , unsure if the gesture was meant to soothe the dog or me , but it had a calming effect on both of us as we hastened after the man and boy . 
 keiko was waiting for us and holding the door open . 
 warm yellow light from the lobby spilled onto the gray cement floor , beckoning us onward . 
 logan 's pace increased , and i hurried my own to keep up . 
 safety lay in the direction of the lobby . 
 maddy cried out tyler 's name as logan emerged from the doorway and into the light of the lobby . 
 she was at tyler 's side in a heartbeat , brushing the hair from his forehead and kissing his cheeks . 
 tears of relief ran down maddy 's face as she took in her son and thanked logan profusely in a language that had been english before her emotion choked her words . 
 `` set him down here so i can check him out , '' dr. james instructed logan , pointing to a chaise lounge in the lobby . 
 logan gently set the boy down on the green cushioned chair , careful to protect his ankle . 
 tyler clung to logan 's raincoat for a moment before finally letting his rescuer go . 
 spock lay obediently down on the floor at tyler 's feet , his eyes fixed firmly on his master . 
 dr. james dropped his medical bag to the ground and quickly started checking tyler out , moving efficiently and smoothly as he made sure the ankle was the worst of tyler 's problems . 
 tyler 's brown hair was plastered to his head from the rain , contrasting with the paleness of his skin . 
 maddy stroked his head , gazing at her baby boy , her eyes brimming with tears of love . 
 logan backed away slowly from the chaise lounge , and was slowly drifting from the group . 
 i could tell he was trying to escape before anyone noticed . 
 i blocked his path . 
 `` you did n't have to do that , '' i said , crossing my arms . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 he asked , innocence painted on every word . 
 `` go out in a hurricane for a kid you barely know . '' 
 i searched his face trying to figure out why he had risked his life for tyler . 
 i was willing to go out there because i loved tyler like he was my own and dr. james was willing because it was his job to help people . 
 but logan ? 
 he was a billionaire playboy who , without me , had no connection to tyler . 
 since our connection was no longer intact , he had no obligation to do anything . 
 logan 's dark eyes searched my face for a moment . 
 `` then you do n't know me very well . '' 
 he stepped to the side and walked around me , heading toward the elevators . 
 i wanted to chase him down and hold him close , thank him for saving tyler , and tell him how much i cared for him . 
 but i could n't . 
 not after this morning . 
 instead , i watched him walk away , feeling the hole in my heart growing larger with his every step . 
 i looked back at tyler . 
 he was smiling at something the doctor had said . 
 his mother was holding onto him , tears running down her cheeks . 
 i stood and let myself feel relief and gratitude that tyler was safe . 
 when tyler 's eyes found mine , i went to him . 
 `` it looks like it 's just a broken ankle , but we 'll still need x-rays . 
 that pain medication should last a few hours , '' dr. james said as i approached . 
 `` he 's still in shock , so we 'll need to keep an eye on him , but he should be fine . 
 let 's get him dried off , warmed up , and rehydrated . 
 i 'll go get something to immobilize this . '' 
 dr. james ruffled tyler 's hair and stepped away . 
 i went to my knees in front of the couch , putting myself at tyler 's eye level . 
 i thanked the heavens that he had more color in his cheeks and was sitting up by himself . 
 i had been terrified that he had been injured far worse than just a broken ankle . 
 `` hi , aunt liv , '' he greeted me . 
 i could see the stress of pain around his eyes , but he smiled anyway . 
 maddy had his hand firmly in hers . 
 it looked as though she was n't going to let go of it until he was in his thirties . 
 `` you gave us a pretty good scare , '' i said , putting my hand on his shoulder . 
 touching him made everything suddenly very real . 
 something inside me broke , and a tear trickled down my face . 
 i quickly wiped it away . 
 `` i 'm really sorry about that . '' 
 he looked up at his mother and gave us both an apologetic smile . 
 `` i had to find spock , though . '' 
 `` next time , let someone know where you 're going , '' maddy said gently . 
 her face fluctuated between being anger and relief . 
 `` i ca n't believe you just went off into the storm like that . '' 
 `` i did n't mean to ! '' 
 tyler explained , sitting up further . 
 maddy pressed his shoulders back down and he did n't fight her . 
 `` i thought he might be in that hallway and then i found an open door and i realized that spock was probably at the shack . 
 i did n't think it was going to be that windy . 
 i got to the shack and tried to drag him out , but he was scared . 
 and then the wind picked up again and that jet-ski flipped . '' 
 he paused , and he looked down at his knees . 
 `` i 'm sorry , mom . '' 
 `` i 'm just so glad you 're okay . '' 
 maddy kissed his forehead . 
 `` you scared me . '' 
 tyler took the hand that was n't trapped in his mother 's grip and reached for the floor . 
 spock wiggled up to try and reach him , and almost all the way into my lap in the process . 
 his pink tongue kissed tyler 's fingers and his tail thumped against the floor . 
 `` mom , can we keep spock ? 
 i do n't want to leave him here . '' 
 tyler 's voice cracked . 
 `` considering you went out in a hurricane to find him , we have to , '' maddy conceded . 
 `` i 'd hate to see what you 'd do if i left him here . '' 
 i laughed softly . 
 tyler would be on a plane out here so fast he 'd be here before his mom even knew the credit card was missing . 
 `` how did you find me ? '' 
 tyler asked , his eyes looking up at me from spock . 
 `` i thought we were goners . '' 
 `` logan figured it out , '' i told him . 
 `` he remembered seeing spock at that storage shed when we went jet-skiing . '' 
 tyler nodded slowly , his eyes glancing around the room for logan . 
 his smile dimmed a little when he realized that his hero was n't there . 
 `` thank you for coming to get me , aunt liv . 
 you and logan . '' 
 he paled slightly . 
 `` i was really scared . '' 
 i rose up higher on my knees and kissed his forehead . 
 `` me , too , '' i whispered before settling back into my original spot . 
 tyler petted spock 's head . 
 his mother started doing the same thing to him and the parallel of love and care made me smile . 
 tyler thought for a moment and then looked up at me with serious , big brown eyes . 
 `` aunt liv ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 i answered with a soft smile . 
 `` will you find logan for me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i did n't get to thank him . '' 
 `` i 'll do my best , '' i promised . 
 `` and aunt liv ? '' 
 tyler caught me in his eyes . 
 the pain medication was kicking in and he struggled to focus on me , but he looked serious . 
 `` logan loves you . 
 he ca n't tell you that , but he does . 
 i was supposed to keep it a secret , but i thought you should know . '' 
 i opened my mouth , but nothing came out . 
 maddy judiciously avoided my gaze . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i asked him why you hated him . 
 he said it was because he hurt you . '' 
 tyler frowned . 
 `` i think you should forgive him . 
 he 's a good person . '' 
 `` it 's not quite that simple , tyler ... '' i rubbed my forehead , trying to figure out what i could say to make him understand . 
 `` yes , it is , '' tyler contradicted me . 
 `` love is always simple . 
 it 's just our brains that make it complicated . '' 
 he smiled down at spock . 
 `` if you love someone , you find ways to stay with them . 
 spock taught me that . '' 
 i did n't have a good response for that . 
 i could see dr. james headed our direction with keiko right behind him carrying blankets and towels , so i stood to give them space to work . 
 dr. james took my place as i stepped back . 
 tyler looked up at me , silently asking for me to get logan while they worked on him . 
 i sighed and nodded , turning to go look for him . 
 the things we would do for the people we loved ... chapter 25 i finally found logan in the spa lobby . 
 when the resort officially opened , this lobby would be busy with vacationers coming to get massages and pedicures , but with just us few travel agents and a hurricane in full force , the lobby was empty and quiet . 
 it was the perfect place to be alone . 
 logan was looking at a picture hanging on the main wall , his hands resting behind is back . 
 the ocean , calm and gentle , filled the frame . 
 blues and greens that exemplified a tranquil , tropical , and relaxing vacation getaway stood in stark contrast with the howls and shrieks of the wind outside . 
 i knew he could hear my footsteps on the bamboo flooring , but he did n't move . 
 i stood beside him , examining the picture . 
 the only indication that he knew i was there was the slight stiffening of his body . 
 he did n't move to leave , though . 
 `` tyler sent me to find you , '' i finally said , breaking the silence between us . 
 `` he did n't get to say thank you . '' 
 `` he does n't need to , '' he replied . 
 `` he does n't see it that way , '' i informed him . 
 i looked at him , taking in his profile . 
 logan 's hair was still damp from the rain , but that curl was back on his forehead . 
 `` he said something else that i wanted to ask you about . '' 
 logan 's jaw tightened , but he did n't move . 
 `` he said you loved me , '' i told him quietly . 
 he stood still as stone , staring at the picture . 
 `` is it true ? '' 
 the only movement in the room was logan 's adam 's apple as he swallowed . 
 his eyes slowly closed as the word came out . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i was n't sure what i was expecting , but that one syllable hit me like a punch . 
 he loved me . 
 logan hayes loved me . 
 `` what ? 
 why ? '' 
 i gasped , reeling from his confirmation . 
 a surge of happiness filled me , followed by a wash of confusion and then despair . 
 he loved me , but we could n't be together . 
 star-crossed lovers we were indeed . 
 he turned from the painting to face me . 
 his eyes were soft and sad . 
 he knew the regret we both felt . 
 the tragedy that was our love . 
 `` i fell in love with you the moment you walked in my office , '' he said simply . 
 `` you were so nervous and absolutely adorable . 
 as we talked , i found out you were smart and funny . 
 and driven . 
 very driven . 
 i could n't help it . 
 that 's why i asked you for drinks . '' 
 i nodded , remembering that night ; the giddy happiness i felt at being asked out on a date . 
 the way his eyes had shone during our deeply intense discussions ; the simple joy i had felt at seeing him smile and even the happiness at waking up the next morning and thinking i would see him again . 
 as improbable as love at first sight was , i had fallen in love with him then , too . 
 a soft smile flitted across his face as he remembered as well . 
 `` then you showed up for drinks looking sexy as hell , and i knew i was yours . '' 
 he shook his head slowly . 
 `` i thought not seeing you would make all those feelings go away . 
 i thought it had to be just infatuation or lust . 
 love at first sight is something for fairy tales . 
 things that can have happy endings . 
 love at first sight does n't last in real life . '' 
 i looked down at my feet . 
 i wanted love at first sight to be real . 
 i wanted this to be my fairy tale , but my shoes were covered in mud and leaves . 
 i was no cinderella . 
 `` when i came back from malaysia , i was sure you had forgotten me , that you had moved on and that all those feelings were only on my end . 
 and then i saw you at that wedding , '' he said softly . 
 i looked up to see a sad smile traipse his face . 
 `` and then maddy ... '' `` maddy blabbed that i was n't over you ; that i had those same feelings , '' i supplied . 
 a ghost of a grin tugged at my lips at the memory . 
 `` i was ready to strangle her for that . 
 i 'm glad i did n't . '' 
 `` it put sunshine back in my world , '' he confessed , looking back at the painting . 
 `` i thought ... i thought i had a second chance . 
 but you were mad , and you had every right to be . 
 i thought maybe , with enough time , you 'd see that i cared . 
 i started looking for excuses to see you at social events . 
 i always seemed to miss you at them , though . '' 
 `` that 's when i started avoiding you , '' i said slowly . 
 `` i hated that maddy gave me away and i did n't want to remember that you broke my heart after just one date . 
 so , i hid from you . '' 
 he nodded slowly . 
 regret and lost hope filled his voice . 
 `` you do n't want to know how many events i went to , hoping that you would be there-hoping i could get another chance-only to find you had left moments earlier or suddenly declined . '' 
 i could imagine . 
 after the wedding , i came up with a plan never to see logan hayes again . 
 in addition to my constant google searches , news article alerts , and myface stalking , twitter and all of its over-sharing socialites suddenly became my lookouts . 
 i had alerts set on my phone for all trending posts about logan hayes . 
 i had driven up to so many parties , only to leave without even getting out of the car because someone tweeted that logan was there . 
 `` when i heard you had accepted the invitation to this resort , i took noah up on his offer to come see it . '' 
 he gave a dry chuckle . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure i have a pissed-off employee whose place i stole . '' 
 his weak attempt at humor made me smile . 
 when he glanced over at me , i was flooded with emotions : regret , hope , loss , joy , love , sadness , and so many others that i could n't even place all vied for a place in my consciousness . 
 i stared at the picture of the peaceful ocean , trying to sort my thoughts so i could identify them . 
 i did n't know what to say , so in a bid for time , i blurted , `` why did you go into the storm for tyler ? 
 you did n't have to . '' 
 `` because i knew you needed me to . '' 
 he stated it like it was a simple fact . 
 like the sky was usually blue and water was wet . 
 `` i could see it on your face . 
 you were ready to head out the front door and start searching . 
 i went out in that storm because i knew you were going to . '' 
 `` i did n't realize i was that obvious , '' i admitted . 
 he had read me like a book . 
 `` you love tyler . 
 and he loves you . 
 i had to make sure you were both safe . 
 losing him would devastate you . 
 losing you would devastate him . '' 
 he paused and glanced at me again , his voice going soft . 
 `` and me as well . 
 i went out in the storm to keep that from happening . '' 
 we both focused at the painting again . 
 we were silent , but the roar of the storm outside reverberated off the walls of the sap lobby . 
 i needed to sit down and think . 
 possibly with wine . 
 no , definitely with wine . 
 possibly with 151 rum . 
 i was done with emotional upheavals for the day . 
 one thought was clear , though , as it sailed through the storm in my mind . 
 logan had risked his life to save tyler , and by extension , me . 
 he loved me . 
 he had always loved me , just as i had always loved him . 
 but that did n't matter . 
 the original problem-the one that had kept us apart in the first place-still existed . 
 we were competitors , and our love was too fragile to survive in the harsh business world . 
 we 'd already proven that once . 
 as much as i was tempted to try again , i knew it would be a futile exercise . 
 so i stayed quiet , and did n't tell him how much i loved him back ; how just one glance from him sent my whole day into a giddy daydream ; how i had dreamed of him for two years straight . 
 no , to save ourselves from another tragic ending , i said nothing and just stood there , contemplating a painting and listening to the rain . 
 i wished my life were more like the tranquil ocean waves of the picture . 
 `` i talked to my father today , '' logan said after a long silence . 
 i turned and looked at him . 
 he smiled to himself , still focused on the picture . 
 `` i think i 'm the first person in a long time to call him an idiot . '' 
 i felt my eyes widen and my eyebrows reach for the ceiling . 
 `` you said that ? '' 
 `` more than that . 
 i told him he was wrong . 
 that he was wrong two years ago . 
 that he squandered a prime business opportunity because he could n't see past his own prejudices . 
 i told him if he did n't want me to take proof of his negligence to the board of trustees in not only this matter , but the six others that i have cleaned up for him , i was to handle all future merger and business acquisitions . '' 
 he stopped and took a breath before adding , `` without him . '' 
 i could hardly believe the words coming out of logan 's mouth . 
 i stared at him . 
 `` you took him out of the process ? 
 in his own company ? '' 
 logan shrugged as if it were nothing . 
 as if he had n't just defied thirty-two years of seeking his father 's approval . 
 `` he 's been talking about retirement for a while now . 
 i simply put a timeline on it . '' 
 `` wow , '' i whispered . 
 this was far more than just putting his father on track to retire . 
 from what i understood , gerald hayes was not a man who liked being resisted . 
 part of the reason he was so successful was because he was ruthless and incredibly controlling . 
 and now , logan had threatened to revoke that control . 
 it was zeus taking down the titans . 
 `` how did your father take it ? '' 
 `` not well , '' he said flatly , shifting his weight slightly . 
 `` but i got what i wanted . 
 if i took half of what i have to the board , he would be drawn and quartered right there in the boardroom . '' 
 `` i did n't know it was that bad . '' 
 i was back to studying the painting . 
 `` he 's made some bad decisions . 
 i just finally realized that i do n't have to be the one who suffers for his mistakes . 
 he 'll be retiring at the end of the fiscal year , and my brother and i will be taking over the company . 
 he wo n't be running things anymore , '' logan explained . 
 `` wow . '' 
 i could n't believe it . 
 logan had taken control of his destiny . 
 `` that 's some big news . '' 
 `` yeah , '' he said , cracking a smile . 
 he ran a hand through his tangled curls . 
 it was a relaxed and natural motion that relieved the tension in his shoulders . 
 he was free of his father for the first time in his life . 
 i swallowed hard as i wondered about the question brewing in my mind . 
 i decided to ask it . 
 after today , the worst he could do was not to gratify me with an answer . 
 `` did you do it for me ? '' 
 there was a long pause . 
 `` yes and no , '' he responded carefully . 
 `` it needed to be done . 
 you just gave me the impetus to do it . 
 you defied him with your success and showed me that i ca n't thrive in his shadow anymore . '' 
 i looked down at my shoes again and nodded . 
 `` i 'm happy for you . 
 you 're going to do great . '' 
 i just wished he had done this two years ago . 
 things would have been so much simpler . 
 it felt too late now . 
 `` well , actually , as the soon-to-be ceo and department head of mergers and acquisitions , i do have some business i need to attend to . '' 
 logan turned away from the painting . 
 he did n't move closer to me , but somehow i felt like the space between us grew smaller . 
 `` i 'd like to offer you one last proposal . 
 one i 've wanted to give you for a long time , but one which my father would never approved of . '' 
 my throat was suddenly dry as i watched logan dig around in his pocket . 
 for a moment , i thought he was going to drop to one knee and propose . 
 what would i say ? 
 yes ? 
 i had no idea . 
 instead he handed me a neatly folded piece of paper . 
 `` i 'd like to offer you a partnership . 
 dream vacations and travel , inc. '' he smiled and looked down at the paper in my hands . 
 `` you would keep your company exactly the way it is , just with access to travel , inc. 's resources . '' 
 i unfolded the paper and stared at it . 
 it was a typical-looking contract , but my eyes were blurring with tears and i could n't read the legalese . 
 this would solve everything . 
 `` i do n't want to be competitors anymore , '' he said softly , taking my shaking hands in his . 
 i looked up and focused on the warm caramel of his eyes . 
 `` i want to be partners . 
 if dream vacations succeeds , then travel , inc. succeeds and vice-versa . '' 
 `` i 'd get to keep my company ? '' 
 i gasped . 
 `` and still be part of yours ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he nodded . 
 a smile was waiting to blossom fully onto his face if i gave the right answer . 
 `` you will have to go to board meetings . 
 and i 'm expecting several one-on-one meetings between the ceo of travel , inc and dream vacations . 
 do n't worry , though , i hear he 's cute . '' 
 i laughed , tears running down my cheeks . 
 `` yes . 
 yes , i will partner with you ! '' 
 his face split into a grin that made my heart soar . 
 in a smooth motion , he tipped his head forward and kissed me . 
 our teeth clicked together because we were both smiling so broadly that we could n't stop , but i did n't care . 
 it was a great kiss . 
 `` promise me i wo n't lose you again , '' logan requested when we pulled back to catch our breath . 
 hope and happiness filled his face . 
 i felt like i could burst from too much joy . 
 `` this time i have a contract . '' 
 i held up the paper and grinned . 
 `` you 're stuck with me now . '' 
 he kissed me again before i could even think , dipping me back in a liplock that would make a hollywood director proud . 
 i giggled as he released me from his kiss , but not from his arms . 
 `` you 'll have to get maddy 's approval on this , '' i told him . 
 `` she owns a fair chunk of the company . '' 
 logan shrugged . 
 `` i just walked through a hurricane to save her son . 
 i think i 've got enough brownie points to pull that off . '' 
 this time , i kissed him . 
 i pulled him in to me , tasting his lips and sharing my joy . 
 we could be together . 
 our love , and our businesses , would flourish more together than they ever would apart . 
 outside , the sounds of the hurricane raged and screamed , but when i was with logan , there was n't a storm we could n't weather . 
 epilogue the ocean breeze is soft against my skin . 
 the water is calm this time , and the sky is blue . 
 i would almost call it a perfect day , except that in my mind , the perfect day here involved a hurricane . 
 but that was a whole year ago . 
 today is about celebrating . 
 celebrating that storm and how it brought logan and i together . 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 maddy asks , adjusting the straps of her sundress one last time . 
 `` i am , '' i say . 
 i take a deep breath . 
 `` all right , then , let 's get this party started . '' 
 she grins and takes my hand as we step onto the beach . 
 the wind makes the hem of my dress flutter around my ankles . 
 it 's nothing fancy , just a white cotton sundress that is comfortable and soft . 
 there is beauty in simplicity . 
 there 's no need to impress anyone with designer labels or couture gowns . 
 we are here just for us . 
 the sun is almost painfully bright , but i do n't care . 
 i can see him . 
 he is like a beacon , shining softly , yet almost more brightly , than the sun itself . 
 he 's standing next to his brother and a man in a dark suit . 
 his tall frame stands out against the deep blue of the ocean , and his short curls catch the gentle breeze . 
 he sees me and i am suddenly the most beautiful thing on the planet . 
 his jaw drops just enough , then widens into a smile like he 's won the lottery . 
 i smile , because i know have won the lottery of love . 
 maddy stands beside me . 
 tyler is the only person in the guest area . 
 he had wanted to bring spock , but maddy and i had both told him no . 
 we managed to convince him that spock would be far more comfortable lounging on his bed at home than sitting in the sun . 
 i smile as i take my place across from logan . 
 the only people present for the ceremony are the people who care the most about us ; the people who have been the most supportive of us and the most understanding of our love . 
 i glance out at tyler , and he gives me a big thumbs-up . 
 logan chuckles . 
 `` dearly beloved , we are gathered here today ... '' the minister in the dark suit recites the words to the ceremony in a gentle voice . 
 i 've heard them enough times for others that i do n't listen . 
 i do n't need formal words ; i already know in my heart what he is saying . 
 i love logan , and he loves me . 
 we are joining ourselves together in front of our family and friends so that we never have to be apart again . 
 i look into logan 's eyes . 
 they are deep pools with glowing embers of love and joy illuminating them . 
 looking into them , i am content and at peace . 
 `` repeat after me : i , logan hayes ... '' `` i , logan hayes , '' logan repeats in his deep voice . 
 he sounds nervous , but that makes him all the more loveable . 
 i know he 's been looking forward to this for a long time and has been practicing because he does n't want to mess it up . 
 he wants this to be perfect for me . 
 except , everything is already is perfect . 
 as long as he promises to love me , i get to promise the same , and we seal the promise with a kiss , this wedding is all i could ever want . 
 i do n't need the perfect words or the perfect dress to have the perfect wedding . 
 `` i promise to be true to you in good times and in bad , in sickness and in health . 
 i will love you and honor you all the days of my life . '' 
 logan 's hand shakes as he slides my ring onto my finger . 
 he grins once it 's situated . 
 then it 's my turn . 
 `` repeat after me : i , olivia statler ... '' `` i , olivia statler ... '' my voice comes out strong . 
 i 've wanted to say these words to logan almost since the moment i met him . 
 he is my happily ever after . 
 with him by my side , i know we will ride off into the sunset and kiss until the curtain draws . 
 we were made for one another . 
 `` i promise to be true to you in good times and in bad , in sickness and in health . 
 i will love you and honor you all the days of my life . '' 
 i nearly drop the ring in the sand , but manage to hold onto it . 
 logan chuckles and i see laughter in his eyes . 
 i slide the shiny metal band on to his finger and i know that this is the beginning of something wonderful . 
 there is so much for us to look forward to , so many dreams and adventures for the two of us to experience . 
 i can hardly wait . 
 `` by the power vested in me , i then declare you husband and wife . 
 you may kiss the bride ! '' 
 logan and i gravitate like magnets toward one another 's open arms , and our lips meet in a simple act of love . 
 we kiss , starting our new life together in an act of love . 
 i ca n't think of a better way to begin . 
 logan 's brother aiden whoops , and maddy wolf-whistles . 
 tyler is busy looking everywhere but at the two of us . 
 someday , he 'll kiss a girl like this and not find it quite so intimidating . 
 the thought makes me smile . 
 `` congratulations , '' the minister tells us . 
 he shakes everyone 's hand , including tyler 's , and then walks back down the beach toward the resort . 
 the five of us stand in a circle , grinning like idiots . 
 logan has my hand in his . 
 `` should we go join the party ? '' 
 aiden asks , offering his arm to maddy . 
 she blushes but quickly takes it . 
 `` you three go on ahead , '' logan tells them . 
 `` we 'll be along in just a minute . '' 
 `` we 'll let the dj know , '' maddy says . 
 `` that way you two can make a grand entrance . '' 
 maddy , tyler , and aiden follow the minister 's footprints back toward the resort , leaving logan and me alone on our little patch of white sand . 
 logan takes both my hands in his . 
 `` i love you , '' he says . 
 it 's simple and yet perfect . 
 his eyes shine with affection and joy . 
 `` i love you , '' i whisper back . 
 he lets go of one hand to guide me into his kiss . 
 i tangle my fingers in his honey curls , feeling the warmth of the sudden nestled in their midst . 
 he tastes like heaven . 
 there is a party at the resort where more friends and family are waiting . 
 they can continue to wait . 
 for this moment , i am with the love of my life , and we are celebrating what we have . 
 it took us a long time to finally get it right , but now , the world is ours . 
 our businesses run together . 
 our hearts run together . 
 our worlds are now one . 
 the wind dances around us , gentle and soft . 
 this kiss is so very different than our hurricane kisses , but yet the same . 
 love has tempered the storm and made it so that things are now bright and sunny . 
 we are kissing in the sunshine , but thankful for our hurricane kisses . 
