 lesson # 1 ` holy shit ' are not the best words to say when you see how gorgeous your billionaire is for the first time . 
 he will want to f ** k you after that . 
 `` oh god , i 'm going to be , like , super late . '' 
 i threw alyx a look of horror before returning my gaze to the digital display of the elevator , wishing there was a way i could have it speed up . 
 if i ever survived today 's job interview alive , i must remember to write to the ceo of ferrari . 
 he should know that people who were pathologically late like me needed his help . 
 he just had to create a sports car version for elevators . 
 `` stop panicking . '' 
 alyx rolled her eyes as she spoke . 
 she sort of did it all the time , actually , making you unable to figure out when she was being sincere or sarcastic . 
 alyx continued , `` any company would love to have you , yanna . '' 
 like now . 
 `` shut up . 
 i know you 're lying . '' 
 `` i 'm not . '' 
 her voice still had that eye-roll-tone so i could n't quite make up my mind if she really did mean it . 
 we had been friends since our kindergarten days , but this one just plain eluded me all these years . 
 i had long decided that this quirk of alyx was truly something only her own mr. right could figure out . 
 i told her as much but alyx had just laughed and called me a `` romantic '' . 
 personally , i thought what she really wanted to say went along the lines of naive , foolish , and hopeless . 
 `` you just have to show them what you 've got . '' 
 now that one sounded semi-sincere so i unhesitatingly asked , `` what do i have ? '' 
 i sniffed for effect , just so alyx would take pity on me and dwell more on my good points than bad . 
 alyx pursed her lips , and when she did that she looked more like a schoolteacher , thanks to her nerdy glasses and buttoned-up blouse - okay , make that a schoolteacher in mini . 
 we loved our minis , alyx and i . 
 she eyed me head to toe , lingering on how i twisted my hair into a prim-preppy chignon , the modest neckline of my blouse , and my skirt , which ended two inches over the knee . 
 i was sort of thinking she 'd say something nice after that , but what she came up with was , `` well , you may be older than most entry-level applicants -- '' i winced . 
 `` twenty-four is not old . '' 
 `` but if you tell them it 's because you had to take care of your ailing parents first , i 'm sure they 'll understand . '' 
 seeing the serious expression on her face , i protested , `` i ca n't say those things ! 
 that 's , like , lying . '' 
 and yes , i was indeed 24 years old with a tendency to abuse the word ` like ' . 
 it was my own version of nail-biting - verbally regressing to a teenager from the 1990 's whenever i was anxious or terrified . 
 the word ` panicky ' described me perfectly to a t , which was why alyx felt the need to accompany me all the way up to 34/f , where my future would later hang in the balance . 
 alyx did n't seem to hear me . 
 `` also , you just need to let them know that you speak scores of languages and an honor 's certificate from your college . '' 
 `` three languages are not scores . '' 
 alyx did n't seem to hear that either . 
 as the elevator 's doors silently slid open at my floor , she simply gave me a thumbs-up and said , `` trust me . 
 anyone with half a brain is going to want to hire you . '' 
 not if you 're late by twenty and you 're absolutely unprepared for your first ever job interview , i thought a few minutes later as i pushed the heavily tinted glass doors open and found more than a dozen pair of eyes gazing at me . 
 `` sorry , sorry , '' i mumbled red-faced as i force-squeezed my way behind the row of seats on the left side of the table . 
 it was the only way to get to the other side of the room . 
 the entire left row of seats was fully occupied , and their wheels squeaked as the other applicants pushed their chairs further in so i could pass . 
 `` ditz , '' the bottle blonde in a severe black suit not-so-softly sneered as i walked past her . 
 since i was wearing my favorite pink suit and everyone here seemed dress for mourning -lrb- why did i not get the memo that black was back as the new black ? -rrb- 
 , i told myself i 'd let just that one go . 
 only one chair from the opposite row of tables was taken , occupied by a man wearing a pinstriped suit and studying a sheaf of papers he held in one hand . 
 even seated as he was , he exuded an authoritative aura that made me gulp . 
 if this man was going after the same job i was applying for , i might as well give up now . 
 taking the seat next to him , i quickly sat my bag on the chair on my other side as i hurriedly hand-combed my shoulder-length brown hair , which was still half wet from my shower . 
 people from the opposite row were staring at me oddly . 
 i could feel their gazes on me , and most of them were n't friendly either . 
 my heart sank even as i tossed a grateful glance at the unoccupied seat at the head of the table . 
 obviously , whoever it was kastein inc. had assigned to interview us was also late - but what if the other applicants were planning to tell on me once the interviewer arrived ? 
 sensing the man next to me turning to my direction and not getting any unfriendly and competitive vibes from him , i silently breathed a sigh of relief at the thought of having at least one person in the room not antagonistic toward me . 
 friendly smile in place , i said , `` hel-oly shit . '' 
 bottle blonde gasped . 
 i cringed at the sound . 
 that was what i should have done . 
 gasped . 
 but then - who could blame me , really ? 
 anyone would have been completely shocked at seeing someone so incredibly beautiful in person . 
 men were not supposed to be beautiful , dammit . 
 but this one was . 
 his sun-kissed hair seemed to have all the shades between dark gold to copper - his natural hair color , in other words . 
 it was impossible for any artificial hair dye to create his kind of hair , which was also naturally curly . 
 those adorable curls would have made him look g * y if not for his strong jaw . 
 his eyes were the lightest shade of gray , almost silver - and they were laughing at me , with his sexy-looking lips curved in a slight , amused grin . 
 my heart sank the second time in minutes at the sight of it . 
 great . 
 way to make an impression on a potential rival in the workforce : let him know he 's turned your head around completely . 
 desperate to make him forget my embarrassing gaffe , i asked quickly , `` are you applying for the marketing research position , too ? '' 
 he raised a brow , making me wonder what i had said wrong . 
 his sexy secretive grin still playing on his lips , he said simply , `` no . '' 
 we stared at each other after that . 
 i did n't want to - i swear i did n't - but somehow his gaze was commanding and magnetic , and i felt like i would n't be able to pull my gaze away unless he let me . 
 and really , i knew how ridiculous that sounded - especially where i was concerned . 
 my parents had even nicknamed me `` little miss granite '' because i was stubborn as a rock . 
 even as a kid , i had a tendency to be headstrong when there was something i wanted . 
 i had never been a pushover , and yet here i was - a slave to a stranger 's gaze . 
 i was scared that if this man told me to bend over , i 'd ask if he wanted me to take off my undies first or let him do the honors . 
 it was a freak-out-worthy thought , considering that i had never thought of sex in such graphic terms . 
 in fact , the only sex scene i had ever watched in my life was the one in breaking dawn and the only hardcore part in it was when edward broke his bed 's headboard into pieces . 
 and all the time , i had kept thinking , if his hands could do that , what about his ... well ... you know ? 
 was that even a good thing ? 
 `` you 're late , you know . '' 
 the european accent of his voice made my toes curl . 
 even so , one part of me was dismayed at his words - did he really have to say that out loud ? 
 but the other part of me was just plain relieved he spoke . 
 it somehow gave me the strength to look away , and i did so quickly , training my eyes on his necktie , which was a lovely silky shade of red . 
 again , it was the kind that should have made him look extremely g * y . 
 but no , it did not . 
 it just made him more mouthwateringly sexy . 
 still not looking at him , i mumbled , `` i miscalculated the traffic on the way here . '' 
 `` ah , '' he said . 
 i mentally groaned at the sound . 
 it was very , very sexy , too . 
 everything about this man was just plain sexy , and it was extremely terrifying . 
 you see , i was what you 'd call a sexual prude . 
 my parents had the most amazing love story ever , and because of it they sort of drummed into me since i was old enough to enjoy bedtime stories that i was destined for an amazingly romantic adventure of my own . 
 of course , by the time i got to high school , those bedtime stories had turned into the most horrible of warnings . 
 walter and carole would constantly warn me of how a man 's , umm , member could end up literally tearing your hymen apart and send you to e.r. if you were n't made ` ready ' by true love . 
 since walter was a top-rated surgeon and carole his nurse for twenty years , you could just imagine how believable their horror stories had sounded during my younger years . 
 of course , i knew better now , but old fears were pretty hard to kill , especially if you 'd been listening to them since you had your first period . 
 feeling like i had to say something or mr. too-sexy-to-be-true would know how much he was affecting me , i added lamely , `` i did n't mean to be late . '' 
 `` i know , '' he said so nicely it made me look at him . 
 i inhaled sharply when i saw how he was looking at me , the way his eyes took its time to linger on my lips . 
 it was like he wanted me to know he was driving himself crazy wondering how my lips tasted . 
 i bit my lip . 
 his nostrils flared . 
 i hurriedly released my lip , realizing he might have thought i was being deliberately provocative . 
 i swung my seat back in , staring determinedly at the wall across me . 
 i had a hard time believing i just had some sort of eye-sex with a near total stranger . 
 a really mind-blowingly hot one but - still a stranger . 
 who was still staring at me . 
 i gripped my armrests tightly , using it to anchor me in place and not turn towards him like his eyes were demanding me to . 
 a soft chuckle then i heard the cushion of his seat squeaking a little as he turned to face the others . 
 `` now that we 're all complete , we can start the interview . '' 
 at his words , i had swung my seat back to face him in a second . 
 i gaped at him . 
 had i heard him correctly ? 
 mr. too-sexy-to-be-true glanced at me , his grin no longer secretive but wicked this time . 
 `` ladies and gentlemen , i 'd like to officially welcome you to kastein inc. . 
 thank you for your interest in joining my company . 
 i 'm delighted to see you all here . '' 
 he all but purred the last pronoun out , with a swift glance at my lips under his lashes as he spoke . 
 it had the most incredible impact on my body , and i could only silently gasp in horror as i felt my ni ** les coming to life until they were poking against the thick silk of my shirt . 
 i hurriedly grabbed my bag and placed it in front of me , but one glance at the knowing gleam in the man 's eyes told me i was too late . 
 maybe - maybe i was too late all along and just one look at me and he knew he could have me . 
 anywhere , anytime , any -- oh god , what the hell was i thinking ? 
 `` you 're yanna everleigh ? '' 
 he did n't wait for an answer and offered his hand instead . 
 `` i 'm constantijin kastein and i will be interviewing you today . '' 
 no wonder everyone was staring . 
 no f ** king wonder . 
 he was a kastein - a board member at the very least . 
 and i had taken the seat next to him like i was going to interview the others , too , when i should have been with them at the opposite side of the table . 
 still drowning in a mental pool of embarrassment , i slowly took his hand . 
 his hand immediately gripped mine , but what made my eyes shoot up to him incredulously was how he also managed to caress my fingers at the same time . 
 he returned it with an innocent one of his own . 
 `` since you 're the last one to arrive , i hope you understand if you will be the last one i 'll be interviewing one-on-one . '' 
 i could only nod dumbly . 
 i had n't even known there was going to be a one-on-one . 
 i was absolutely unprepared for it but right now , what i was most worried about was how my ni ** les seemed to be knocking against my blouse and begging for his attention . 
 worse , i also felt the heat of his gaze burn through my blouse just before he looked back at the other applicants . 
 it was only for a second , but god ! 
 that second was something i 'd never forget - just that one look and he made me feel he was already cupping my br ** sts and sucking my ni ** les . 
 i clutched my armrests more desperately . 
 it was all i could do to control myself , knowing that if i crossed my legs he would know i was doing so because i was becoming wet for him . 
 oh dear , i was wet . 
 for the first time in my life i was wet between my legs and it had nothing to do with taking a shower . 
 it had everything to do with the man still eye-humping me and it was all i could do not to eye-hump him back . 
 how could a pair of silvery gray eyes be so powerfully seductive ? 
 the nature of my thoughts made me want to drown myself longer in the pool of embarrassment in my mind , now transformed into a sauna of utter humiliation . 
 constantijin kastein . 
 he owned the company i was applying for and i had n't even recognized him . 
 how could i be so dumb ? 
 and i was late for my interview , too . 
 why was i even here ? 
 constantijin was still speaking , his voice deep and husky but his accent less pronounced this time . 
 and then he was handing out questionnaires . 
 he gave mine last , and our fingers not so accidentally - on his part - brushed . 
 i bit back another gasp , aghast and just outright stunned at how the merest touch from him could turn me on , more so than i already was . 
 how was it that i had lived 24 years without even being tempted to watch p ** n or masturbate and yet one look from this man was enough to make me mentally pant for his touch ? 
 if i had to be ruthlessly honest with myself , a part of me was even imagining what his c ** k would look like . 
 i did n't care about anyone else 's - i just wanted to look at his . 
 my face burned with color at what i had just privately admitted to myself . 
 when he bent towards me , i tensed . 
 `` relax , '' he said so softly that i knew i would be the only one able to hear him . 
 `` i do n't bite . '' 
 just as i opened my mouth to answer , he added even more softly , `` not unless you want me to . 
 starting with those lovely ni ** les of yours . '' 
 ladies and gentlemen , as of 9:24 in the morning , this 21st of september , i have officially had my first orgasm - or something really close to it . 
 trembling , i quickly turned away , my seat swiveling completely so that he would only be able to see the back of my chair . 
 i had no plans responding - absolutely no plan at all since i knew whatever i say would n't be able to hide how those words excited my body even as my mind recoiled from them . 
 constantijin kastein was like no one i knew - or even imagined knowing . 
 i would never have thought of any stranger saying something like that to me ; but when he did , it sounded terrifyingly right . 
 ten minutes into the questionnaire and i could feel his gaze on me again , more heated than ever . 
 we both knew i was aware that he was mentally undressing me with his gaze . 
 for a second , my fingers clenched around my barbie-pink pen like a vise - the only thing i could do to release the weird and intense pressure that the sexual tension between us had created inside of me . 
 `` cute pen , '' he said suddenly , startling me into dropping the said cute pen . 
 i stared in frustration at how that action had left an inch-long zigzag mark in the middle of my answer sheet . 
 great - just darn great . 
 whoever would end up checking this would be forgiven for thinking i might have been doodling around because i was having a hard time answering their questions . 
 `` thank you , '' i muttered , swiveling my seat towards him as i reluctantly lifted my gaze to meet his , knowing i owed him that much . 
 it was exactly as i feared . 
 constantijin held my gaze with his bright gray eyes - and claimed me entirely through it . 
 his seat swiveled as he faced me completely , our knees bumping as he did . 
 i could only swallow , knowing that everything he did was a calculated move to seduce me - even though there were a dozen of other people in the room with us . 
 with this kind of sexual tension - none of that really mattered . 
 `` is pink your favorite color ? '' 
 oh , dear lord , that accent was so sinfully sexy , too . 
 it made me think of him with days-old stubble , arousing me as he used its rough texture to tease my brea -- where the hell were all these thoughts coming from ? 
 realizing he was still waiting for an answer , i nodded , not trusting myself to speak . 
 i wanted to turn away but knew it would be the height of disrespect if i did . 
 he was constantijin kastein of kastein incorporated , after all . 
 he inched even closer , and i tensed again when our knees bumped the second time . 
 unable to bear another not-so-accidental encounter , i swiveled my seat back in and glanced determinedly down on my questionnaire and answer sheet . 
 if i had thought that would dissuade him , it just seemed to have the opposite effect . 
 constantijin actually inched closer - enough for his breath to fan my cheek . 
 as he spoke , i could feel his gaze caressing my br ** sts . 
 `` thank god the ink 's not pink . 
 that would be too much . '' 
 i gripped my pen tightly again . 
 damn him . 
 it was him that was too much ... everything . 
 taking a deep breath , i prepared myself to tell him off . 
 but when i looked up , he was already busy talking with bottle blonde , who - in complete contrast with how i felt - seemed more than eager to have him seduce her . 
 or even vice versa . 
 you could tell by the way she was playing with the low neckline of her tight black dress , as if she was trying to figure out how to make it `` unintentionally '' reveal more of her already much-exposed cle ** age . 
 any lower and she 'd be showing her ni ** les . 
 constantijin asked us to return the qanda sheets after a few minutes . 
 i slid mine on the table toward him , unwilling to have our fingers touch again . 
 i grabbed my bag , hoping i could leave right away so i would have time to compose myself before the dreaded one-on-one interview . 
 when i turned to leave , i saw constantijin blocking my way , his back to me as he firmly bid bottle blonde goodbye . 
 as constantijin turned towards me , bottle blonde threw me a vicious glance of loathing . 
 i pretended not to notice because if i did , it would be like a war between one slut to another and i was no slut - even though my body had been begging to differ the moment constantijin started his visual seduction . 
 nodding a polite goodbye to him , i kept my head down as i tried to sidestep him and leave . 
 but he was suddenly in front of me , blocking my way again . 
 this time , i could n't help looking up with a mixture of suspicion and exasperation . 
 i felt just a bit of sexual frustration , too , but that was neither here nor there . 
 constantijin only grinned at the look i gave him , throwing up his hands in the air as the door slammed shut behind bottle blonde 's exaggeratedly swaying hips . 
 `` i mean no harm , ms. everleigh , '' he said with exaggerated wide-eyed innocence . 
 it took everything in me not to smile back and keep frowning , even though he looked even more irresistible when he was so obviously flirting - with me . 
 the thought was such a huge turn-on i did n't know what to do with my body anymore . 
 should i throw myself at him ? 
 should i run out of the room and never look back ? 
 my virginity was under threat , after all . 
 `` i look forward to interviewing you later . '' 
 the way he said the words made it obvious he had something entirely different in mind . 
 i physically tried planting the slim heels of my shoes into the ground , knowing if i did n't , my body would automatically lean toward him , an instinctive response to the seductive spell he was so expertly weaving around me . 
 looking at his proffered hand suspiciously , i slowly took it for a shake . 
 and not a second later , i knew i was right to distrust him . 
 constantijin 's hand immediately locked around mine and used it to haul me towards him . 
 i stumbled onto him , and the tips of my ni ** les brushed against his chest . 
 constantijin inhaled sharply . 
 `` you are so f ** king sexy . '' 
 i tried to struggle out of his hold . 
 `` please stop this , '' i managed to say . 
 `` i 'm not interested . '' 
 one hand still imprisoning mine , he used his other hand to cup my chin and make me look up . 
 his smile was breathtaking , and it made my ni ** les harden even more . 
 `` of course you are , '' he whispered . 
 he had already released me by the time i managed to get all my wits back . 
 constantijin was opening the door , his tone business-like and perfectly at odds with the sensual heat in his gaze . 
 `` till later , ms. everleigh . '' 
 when the door closed behind me and a voice on the pa system announced the name of the first interviewee , i practically ran to the restroom so i could call alyx privately . 
 `` you wo n't believe what just happened , '' i half-shrieked when she answered . 
 alyx answered promptly , `` you were fired , '' and made some weird guzzling sound afterwards . 
 she was thirty floors down , bribed into waiting for me with a drink-all-you-can treat at starbucks . 
 daria - our other best friend and who completed our decades-old-threesome - would have been with her , too , if she was n't currently sailing the mediterranean on her honeymoon with her greek tycoon . 
 i glared at my iphone , wishing i had just facetimed alyx so she would see exactly what i thought of her verbal show of support . 
 `` very funny . '' 
 not waiting for her to answer back since alyx was unbeatable when it came to smartass comebacks , i said right after , `` constantijin kastein is flirting with me . '' 
 i waited for her reaction with a madly beating heart . 
 alyx was a journalist and she knew everything about anyone who mattered . 
 one look at constantijin and you knew he absolutely mattered , more so than a billion people 's lives probably . 
 alyx did n't disappoint , and when she actually stopped slurping down her frappe to exclaim , ` whoa ' , the pace of my heartbeat shot up dramatically . 
 `` constantijin kastein - the vp of your company ? 
 the guy bbc dubbed as the king of european media and netherland 's # 1 playboy ? 
 the one hello magazine had on its cover last month and a spread of his twenty-three properties all over the world and his forty-something collection of sports cars and classics ? 
 that constantijin you mean ? '' 
 of all the things she said , just one thing stood uppermost in my mind . 
 he was the # 1 playboy in his whole country ? 
 no wonder my ni ** les were still hard as pebbles . 
 how many women did he have to bed to get that kind of title ? 
 the thought of that beautiful body next to another woman 's created a twinge of pain in my heart , but i told myself it was out of disgust . 
 i was looking for true love , not sex . 
 i had to remember that . 
 `` yes , '' i finally said glumly . 
 `` that 's the one . '' 
 `` why do you sound sad ? '' 
 alyx demanded . 
 `` is n't that a good thing ? 
 it would mean that he 's dy *** ite in bed ! '' 
 i could n't help giggling , but only because alyx talked as if she had oodles of experience when i knew she was as much a virgin as i was . 
 `` like you 'd know . '' 
 `` i watch p ** n . 
 you do n't . '' 
 `` i 'm blushing for you , '' i said , and it was true . 
 `` look , yanna . 
 you know i do n't believe in your true love nonsense . 
 if constantijin kastein wants you , i say go for it . 
 you ca n't ask for a more perfect guy to deflower you -- '' `` alyx ! '' 
 i could n't believe what she was saying . 
 `` i 'm just being honest , '' she said defensively . 
 `` you 're , like , not helping , you know ? '' 
 `` you 're , like , totally turned on , are n't you ? '' 
 just this moment , i wished she was n't such a true friend . 
 that way , she would n't have found it so easy to see through me . 
 `` yanna everleigh for interview . '' 
 i jumped at the words , stunned that even the restroom also had speakers connected with the building 's pa system . 
 i glanced at my watch , my eyes widening when i realized that only ten minutes had passed . 
 was n't i supposed to be the last one interviewed ? 
 they were all interviewed then ? 
 `` i got to go , '' i told alyx , near to hyperventilating at the thought of going face to face with constantijin again . 
 god , i was so hopelessly entranced with him . 
 `` do n't forget to use a condom , '' alyx managed to sneak in just before i ended the call . 
 i glared at my iphone the second time even as our call ended . 
 condom ? 
 yeah , right . 
 standing in front of the glass doors , i had to take another deep breath before knocking . 
 my heartbeat was still thumping so loudly it completely drowned out the sound of my knock . 
 i turned the knob with shaky fingers and went in , murmuring , `` mr. kastein ? '' 
 as the door closed shut behind me , i saw constantijin standing in the middle of the room , his back to me . 
 he seemed to be gazing at the magnificent view outside the 180-degree windows spanning half of the room . 
 when he turned around , i could n't help but swallow . 
 he did n't have to say a word for me to know what he wanted . 
 the blazingly hungry look in his silvery gray eyes was more than enough . 
 `` call me by my name , '' he invited huskily . 
 i hastily averted my gaze before he could command me into doing anything he wanted with his eyes alone . 
 `` i do n't think that 's appropriate , mr. kastein . '' 
 i wanted to sound prim and standoffish , but i could n't fool myself into ignoring the breathless quality of my voice . 
 i sounded just as hungry and frustrated as he seemed . 
 shit . 
 when the silence lengthened , i found myself glancing at him . 
 he was smiling , a dangerously sexy smile that had my hand unconsciously creeping upward to my chest . 
 it was a futile effort to calm my erratic heartbeat . 
 `` yanna ? '' 
 `` y-yes ? '' 
 `` i did n't interview the others . '' 
 that stumped me . 
 `` w-what ? '' 
 `` i knew right away who i should hire or not . 
 but you ... '' he frowned . 
 `` i really do need to interview you . '' 
 he did ? 
 why did he ? 
 `` i will objectively evaluate your answers and i make no promises about your chances for getting the job . '' 
 i nodded , still not looking at him . 
 `` but after that ... '' he paused . 
 when the silence stretched , i was unable to resist the temptation . 
 my knees buckled at the promise in his eyes . 
 but it was gone in a flash , replaced by an impassive mask falling over his face as he spoke . 
 `` sit down and we 'll start the interview . '' 
 when i practically collapsed on the seat he had courteously pulled out for me , i had to pretend i did n't hear him laugh out right . 
 he took the seat next to me again , pushing his seat closer to mine , closer and closer until our knees touched once more . 
 i glared at him . 
 his eyes laughed at me , as if daring me to be the first to acknowledge what was happening between us . 
 constantijin said solemnly , `` so it says in your resume you used to work for your father 's pharmaceutical company . 
 why did you leave ? '' 
 still painstakingly aware of the heat from his body and the way my knees tingled with every instance he moves and his knees bump into me , i said haltingly , `` it was n't for me . '' 
 `` but if i take you ... '' my eyes widened . 
 take me ? 
 like , take me , like , now ? 
 he smirked . 
 `` oh , ms. everleigh , what are you thinking ? '' 
 i turned red , realizing he knew exactly what i had been thinking . 
 he said smoothly , `` i 'm just wondering how i can be sure that if i take you in my company you wo n't feel the same in the end ? '' 
 it took me a few seconds to answer . 
 `` i worked for my father 's company out of family loyalty - i gave it a fair shot but i just was n't a good fit . 
 but the job your company is offering - i want it for no other reason than i know i 'm going to love it and work hard to be the best for it . '' 
 he looked at me , as if waiting for me to say more . 
 i looked back at him steadily since i knew there was nothing else i could say . 
 finally , he spoke again . 
 `` well put , ms. everleigh . '' 
 the whole interview took about half an hour , and he ended it with the usual , `` thank you for your time , ms. everleigh , and we 'll be calling you about the results soon . '' 
 he sounded so businesslike i started thinking uneasily maybe i had just misread the situation , and he had n't been really hitting on me . 
 when he stood up , i did so , too . 
 i opened my mouth to thank him , but he beat me to speaking . 
 `` now that 's over with ... '' in the act of taking my bag from the seat , i froze at the strange tone of his words . 
 had interviewing me been that much of a bore ? 
 `` we can start talking about us then . '' 
 shock made my fingers go limp , and my bag fell back onto the seat soundlessly . 
 `` look at me , yanna . '' 
 my heart raced faster at how different my name sounded when he said it with his dutch accent so pronounced . 
 `` yanna , '' he said again , warningly this time since i still had n't looked at him . 
 the command in his voice was like music my body could n't resist dancing to and i found myself slowly lifting my head up to look at him . 
 god , he was really too beautiful for words . 
 it hurt to look at him and not touch him , and it hurt even more to force myself to stay still when his words were so blatantly raw with his need . 
 `` i want to f ** k you , yanna . '' 
 my lips parted in shock at what he was saying even as the rest of my body melted . 
 every nerve in my body was screaming , undress now , undress now ! 
 when had i become such a shameless hussy ? 
 he walked towards me , and i could only stand there , a slave waiting to be claimed by her master . 
 the thought made me cringe . 
 where did that come from again ? 
 `` mr. kastein . '' 
 i could barely hear myself over the racket my heart was making . 
 i started backing away from him when i realized he really was determined to close the distance between us . 
 looking over my shoulder to make sure i was backing my way to the door , i glanced back at him . 
 `` call me by my name , '' he commanded . 
 i gulped at the smoldering look in his gaze but said stubbornly , `` mr. kas-tein ! '' 
 i ended up shrieking the last syllable when his hand suddenly shot out , taking me by surprise as he grabbed hold of me . 
 suddenly i was locked in the circle of his arms , his breath fanning my face , and constantijin staring down at me in satisfaction . 
 `` you 're the only woman i know who 's not dying to obey me , '' he whispered . 
 `` then i think you must have been dating dogs , not women . '' 
 he chuckled , but his tone was dead serious when he murmured , `` i 'm going to kiss you now . '' 
 my eyes widened in panic . 
 i knew without a single doubt that my life would change completely if he did . 
 `` no -- '' constantijin had already bent his head down , his lips conquering mine . 
 i slapped his face without thinking . 
 he released me with a muttered curse , something in dutch but the way he said it made a literal translation unnecessary . 
 `` why the f ** k did you slap me ? '' 
 `` you kissed me ! '' 
 my voice was shaking as hard as my body was . 
 i could n't believe how just that soft ephemeral touch of his lips had made me so incredibly wet . 
 he raised a brow . 
 `` so ? 
 we both want it . '' 
 his mocking gaze moved down to my chest . 
 i gasped , crossing my arms over it right away when i realized how my ni ** les had once again betrayed me . 
 constantijin drawled , `` in fact , i think i can go as far as saying you want more than my kiss . 
 you want me to touch you , too . '' 
 his voice lowered . 
 `` you want me to f ** k you right this very moment . '' 
 `` i do n't , '' i lied even as my body yearned even more for skin-to-skin contact with his . 
 the maelstrom of emotions erupting inside of me made me want to weep . 
 all of them boiled down to one thing . 
 i did want him to f ** k me , right this very moment . 
 he hauled me back to his arms . 
 `` let me prove to you what a delectable liar you are , '' he murmured just before his lips were back where i so desperately wanted and feared them to be . 
 this time , he did n't let go even as i struggled as hard as i could . 
 when i tried to twist away , he retaliated by forcing me back , his brute strength easily winning over mine . 
 he pushed me back until my h * ps hit something from behind . 
 i suddenly found myself half sprawled on the conference table , constantijin kicking the chair blocking in his way . 
 it hit the wall with a loud thud as he pushed me down , deepening the kiss , lips pushing harder into mine until i finally gasped out my surrender . 
 his tongue snaked in without hesitation , tasting me like my mouth was the sweetest and rarest candy . 
 his lips and tongue moved with a mix of gentleness and possessiveness , seducing me further away from all the sexual inhibitions i had grown up with . 
 his hardness bore down on me heavily , but it was a weight i was eager to feel , and i could n't stop my legs from wrapping around his . 
 we groaned at the same time , the new position of our bodies allowing his erection to press against mine , a force of seduction that blew away every bit of common sense remaining inside my brain . 
 when he pulled away slightly , i could only gaze back at him in a daze . 
 `` say my name , '' he demanded , his voice even more guttural . 
 unable to resist him now , i whispered , `` constantijin . '' 
 he groaned , kissing me again , this time letting my wrists go so he could cup both my br ** sts , his hands completely covering them . 
 `` constantijin . '' 
 i cried it out this time , head whirling at the sensations battering my body . 
 `` constantijin . '' 
 i could n't stop chanting it now , not when he was caressing my br ** sts with a delicious mixture of roughness and desperation . 
 when he started kneading them the same time his fingers tweaked my ni ** les , my head fell back against the table as i arched into him , offering my whole body to him . 
 at that moment , i was his . 
 `` you 're so f ** king sexy , '' he groaned , and i opened my eyes to see him staring at me with such hunger that i gasped at it . 
 he looked like he wanted to devour me . 
 and - i realized with shock - i wanted to be devoured by him . 
 `` say you want to f ** k me , yanna . '' 
 even though my head was in a mess and my body no longer belonged to me , i could n't quite make myself say the words . 
 they were just too foreign - too strange for someone who grew up thinking in terms of `` making love '' instead of just plain `` fucking '' . 
 his eyes darkened , and i realized he saw my resistance as a challenge . 
 `` constantijin , no -- '' `` i wo n't let you go until you say the words , '' he muttered at the same time . 
 he deftly lifted my blouse up , pushing my bra up with it , and then he was gazing at my bared br ** sts . 
 flushing , i hastily tried to cover them even though i could feel myself getting wetter at the heat of his gaze . 
 `` no ! '' 
 constantijin had lifted my arms back over my head again . 
 he used his other hand to cup my bu ** ocks and i gasped as his fingers squeezed around the curves , just before he pulled me close . 
 he bent his head down and took one nipple into his mouth . 
 he started to suck . 
 `` constantijin . '' 
 he sucked harder . 
 `` constantijin . '' 
 he pulled away and looked up at me , a feral and possessive look in his eyes as he demanded , `` say it . 
 say you want to f ** k me , yanna . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 he took my other nipple into his mouth , sucking even more roughly . 
 i nearly sobbed at the sensual torture , and i could n't help arching myself toward him even more , silently begging him to suck harder and longer . 
 constantijin did , and when he bit my nipple , i let out a sob . 
 he pulled away again . 
 `` say you want to f ** k me , yanna . 
 say it ! '' 
 i cried , `` i want to f ** k you . '' 
 he released my arms so he could pinch both my ni ** les , rasping out , `` say you want to f ** k me - constantijin . '' 
 i found myself grasping his hair and his nape , shamelessly pushing his head towards my br ** sts back . 
 `` i want you to f ** k me , constantijin . '' 
 he pinched my ni ** les harder . 
 `` beg me for it . '' 
 `` please f ** k -- '' someone knocked at the door briefly before it was pushed open , a tiny gray-haired woman stepping into the room . 
 `` constantijin , we have an emer -- '' her sharp voice abruptly died down when she saw us , constantijin still pinching my ni ** les , my br ** sts bared to her sight . 
 tears stung my eyes at the shame and horror of being caught like this , and i tore myself away from constantijin , scrambling off the table while covering my br ** sts with my arms . 
 as i hurriedly pulled my bra and blouse back down , i heard the older woman murmur a brisk apology before closing the door . 
 i started crying at that . 
 she sounded so ... so used to this . 
 did he do this to every girl he fancied ? 
 nearly tottering in my heels as i spun around , i ignored constantijin calling my name as i rushed out of the room , blinded by my tears . 
 i half-expected him to run after me , but he did n't . 
 well , that was telling , right ? 
 the tears fell from my eyes more furiously at the thought . 
 alyx jumped to her feet when she saw me . 
 `` what the hell -- are you all right ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 i almost gave my virginity to netherland 's # 1 playboy , that 's what . 
 and now i was paying the price for it . 
 nodding jerkily , i stammered , `` nothing . '' 
 but it was everything , and i woke up every morning , crying because i dreamt of him , of it , and i hated myself for being such a slut . 
 then i received a call . 
 `` hello , ms. everleigh . 
 this is megan from kastein inc. . 
 i am pleased to let you know that you have been selected as part of the new marketing department . 
 if you are still interested in the job , we would love to have you here tomorrow at nine in the morning . 
 your supervisor , ms. charli , will be waiting to give you a quick orientation . '' 
 lesson # 2 do n't make excuses . 
 if you decide to work for any of the companies that your billionaire owns - you might as well say , `` seduce me , undress me , i 'm yours . '' 
 alyx and i went shopping for clothes for mourning - i mean , corporate outfits . 
 if my job interview was anything to go by , my rainbow assortment of dresses and three-pieces would have no place in kastein inc. . 
 `` are you sure the last skirt you bought wo n't violate your workplace 's dress code ? '' 
 alyx asked laughingly after over two hours of boutique-hopping . 
 i sniffed . 
 `` i already gave up on my colorful outfits . 
 they ca n't take away my minis , too . '' 
 hampered by paper bags , i turned to my side , intending to push the glass door of luigi 's open with my hips . 
 just as i swung my h * ps in full force , someone from the other side opened the door at the same time . 
 `` oh ! '' 
 my heart jumped in fear as i felt myself crashing down , but a pair of hands immediately held me by the waist . 
 i glanced up , an embarrassed smile on my lips . 
 my savior grinned down at me ; his eyes twinkling as he carefully set me back to my feet . 
 `` anytime , '' he responded to my silent apology . 
 he was casually dressed in shirt and jeans and looked extremely delicious . 
 or at least that was what daria would have said , since she liked the tall , dark , and handsome type . 
 i blushed at the unconcealed admiration in his eyes , flattered and uncomfortable at the same time . 
 my parents sent me to an all-girls high school and persuaded me to enroll in a ladies ' college as well . 
 it was the same setup in our company , with me being surrounded by lady pharmacists and researchers from randd . 
 so trust me when i say all i knew of guys was what i got to watch from the bachelor and vampire diaries , which - if you thought about it - did n't exactly make great reference material . 
 i could end up with a vampire willing to trade me in for a million dollars if i was n't careful . 
 `` thanks , '' i said with a little nod and quickly sidestepped him , dragging a smirking alyx behind me . 
 `` he wanted to ask your number , you know , '' alyx said after giving our orders to the waiter . 
 she had ordered salad and coffee . 
 i had asked for the same - together with a small plate of fettuccine . 
 diet had never been a valid word in my dictionary . 
 as far as i was concerned , it was a word made up by evil anti-pleasure monsters . 
 `` hmm . '' 
 i made the noncommittal sound , busy snipping price tags so i could have an easier time calculating my expenses later at home . 
 both my grandfather and alyx 's were ex-military with quaker backgrounds , and they figured very strongly in our childhoods . 
 add those two elements together and you got girls more comfortable shopping off the rack even though our credit card limits could afford a lot more than that . 
 while waiting for the appetizers , i told alyx about the two other job offers i received from companies that were just as well-known as kastein inc. `` one of them even offered me a thousand dollars on the spot as a signing bonus . '' 
 alyx choked . 
 `` and you did n't take it ? '' 
 i chewed on my lip . 
 `` i really want the job at kastein . 
 it 's my dream job -- '' she smirked . 
 `` plus your dream boss , too , with his dream dick -- '' i choked on my coffee . 
 `` that has nothing to do with it . '' 
 but alyx just crowed , `` so you do think his dick is a -- '' `` no , i do not . '' 
 alyx still did n't know what happened or almost happened to us and how i totally had my walk of shame after my one-on-one with netherland 's # 1 playboy . 
 last night , i stayed up late just so i could google everything there was to know about constantijin . 
 wikipedia told me he was an eton and cambridge graduate and an only child . 
 his father had long retired , but his mother was chairman of the board while he had taken on the mantle of ceo a few years back , personally spearheading the company 's entry in the american market . 
 at thirty-two years old , what he accomplished for kastein inc. was mind-boggling . 
 but what really filled me with shock and not a little self-disgust was how the names of his former lovers , hook-ups , and floozies could easily fill up a phone directory . 
 `` just be warned , yanna , '' alyx murmured . 
 `` office romances never end right . '' 
 i let out an unladylike snort at that , unable to help it . 
 romance was definitely not something in constantijin kastein 's vocabulary . 
 mind-blowingly hot sex , yes , but a grand sweeping romance ? 
 he might have given me my first -lrb- mini -rrb- orgasm , and he might keep me awake with consecutive wet dreams , but he was not the mr. right i have been waiting for . 
 lesson # 3 focus on looking for mr. right - and not mr. fuck . 
 if your billionaire finds out , he wo n't let you go until he has you . 
 i am not going to look for constantijin kastein . 
 it was a mantra i repeated in my mind continuously when i made my way to the 34/f reception area of the executive offices of kastein inc. . 
 the girl behind the front desk , megan , smiled at me warmly . 
 she looked young and bubbly , but she , too , was dressed in black , and it was proof that i had made the right decision to shop for an all-black corporate wardrobe . 
 in this office , any other color could probably get me tagged as al-qaeda or something equally horrible and to be avoided at all costs . 
 `` ms. everleigh ? '' 
 `` that 's me . 
 is ms. charli in already ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 she 'll appreciate that you 're early . 
 let me take you to her now . '' 
 megan escorted me to the very same conference room that i had the highest-lowest point in my life . 
 i was already blushing the moment i entered the room , the same sense of shame attacking me when i recalled the older woman 's look of shock upon seeing me in her boss 's arms . 
 god . 
 the memory made me feel like a slut . 
 constantijin was nowhere in sight - not that i was looking or anything . 
 only one woman was inside the room , and boy , did she look scary ! 
 she made vogue 's anna wintour look positively warm . 
 she stood up the moment i entered , looking svelte in her black buttoned up polo , which was worn over a black-and-white striped turtleneck and paired with a leather-belted mini and black stockings . 
 the overall impact was phenomenal . 
 wow was all i could think . 
 `` hello , yanna . 
 my name is charli - without an e - and you will be reporting to me . '' 
 her voice was very , very cultured , with the slightest hint of a french accent . 
 she was terrifying . 
 i was tempted to run away , but only the prospect of working in my dream job kept me in place . 
 i shook her hand gingerly and winced at the tiny tremble in my voice as i said , `` hello , ms. charli . 
 i 'd just like you to know how excited i am to work for you and the company . '' 
 `` just charli , ma belle . '' 
 i nodded dumbly and gratefully took the seat she indicated with a wave of her well-manicured hand . 
 `` now , you know what kastein company is ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i recited what i learned from the web , which was pretty much everything since i had a photographic memory . 
 `` it 's one of the fastest growing companies in europe and north america . 
 it specializes in real estate and entertainment . 
 mr. erik kastein concentrates on real estate while his son constantijin kastein concentrates on turning books and mangas into blockbuster movies and tv series . '' 
 i did n't want to sound like i was trying to impress her or anything , even though i really was . 
 i just wanted to make sure she knew i was n't taking this interview lightly . 
 `` that 's right . 
 magnifique , '' she murmured with a beautiful smile . 
 `` now , we 've hired you to be our marketing specialist . '' 
 i blinked . 
 `` i thought you were just looking for a researcher . '' 
 `` true , '' charli replied . 
 `` but your research will be both textual and on-field . 
 the thing is , we 're not really interested about where you 've graduated , what your degree is , or even where you worked previously . '' 
 i straightened at her words , now even more confused . 
 `` what we were really interested about was your ability to meet business talents with your main passion . 
 and that 's reading , no ? '' 
 it took me a while to adjust to her french , umm , verbal peculiarities . 
 she said ` no ' , but what she really meant was ` yes ' ... yes ? 
 i finally nodded . 
 `` err , yes , i love to read . '' 
 her face remained unsmiling as she asked , `` but you ca n't write to save your life , no ? '' 
 the way charli said it made me wince , but it was true . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and that 's why we need you . 
 we are not interested in hiring writers . 
 they are often biased and egoistical , often unable to appreciate anyone else 's writing over theirs . 
 but you - you know how to judge books and writing without being a writer yourself and that 's why we need you . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 but i did n't . 
 `` this is what you 'd call a dream job , ma belle . '' 
 i jerked in my seat at her words . 
 the words sounded eerie , more like a curse than a blessing . 
 charli leaned close . 
 `` your main job is to know and if you could , predict , what the trend in the market is right now regarding these materials . 
 you need to look for projects worthy of international viewership . 
 you have a blog , no ? '' 
 the sudden switch of subjects made my head whirl a bit but i nodded again . 
 `` and you review works , there , no ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 did she google me too ? 
 how did she know so much about me ? 
 `` so i want you to do the same here , but only this time , you get heard . '' 
 she leaned back on her chair and looked at me with her naturally green and incredibly sharp eyes . 
 `` you will take the job , no ? '' 
 `` i 'd be crazy not to , '' was all i could say . 
 afterwards , charli told me that i along with the two other applicants called back for a second interview yesterday had the same jobs . 
 we would work as a team and individually , depending on necessity . 
 the salary she quoted for me was standard pay in the industry , but she told me this could go higher in a short time , based on my performance . 
 on the bright side , she did say i 'd get free meals at work , excellent overtime pay when needed , and transportation allowance . 
 mondays to thursdays , i was required to report in office attire . 
 fridays were anything-goes . 
 my work schedule would be from 8am to 5pm . 
 no grace period . 
 oh , and one thing else , charli reminded me as a post script - office romances were not allowed . 
 deja vu struck me for the second time , and i almost shivered at it . 
 constantijin was still nowhere to be found when i finally walked out of the doors of kastein , inc. . 
 my phone rang just as i reached the other side of the street . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` did you miss me , yanna ? '' 
 holy ... it was him . 
 constantijin . 
 the whole world disappeared the moment i realized who i was talking to . 
 people were constantly walking before me , drivers honking their horns , and there was even a construction crew a few feet away drilling into the cement , doing god knew what . 
 but none of their noise reached my ears . 
 `` yanna ? '' 
 i still did n't know what to say so i stayed silent , secretly content to replay the sound of his voice over and over , especially the part where he said my name with that accented voice of his . 
 `` i think about you all the time , schat . '' 
 what did that last word mean ? 
 i was so , like , googling that after this . 
 when i still did n't answer , his tone turned from seductive to serious as he asked , `` why did you run away ? '' 
 why did n't you run after me ? 
 but i could n't ask him that , could i ? 
 it would have been akin to , like , begging him to come after me . 
 i said finally , in a stiff voice that required all my acting skills to carry off , `` i do n't think we should be talking like this anymore . 
 i 'll be working for you starting tomorrow . 
 it would be inappropriate . '' 
 a long pause followed , one that made me anxious and tense even though i did n't want to be . 
 i should hang up now . 
 i knew that , but i could n't . 
 `` that 's impossible . '' 
 i inhaled sharply at the words , conscious of the zing of relief that went through me and shamed by it . 
 oh , god , i was so pathetic . 
 sometimes , i was too stubborn for my own good . 
 constantijin kastein was bad news . 
 how many times did i have to repeat to myself that anything that had to do with netherland 's # 1 playboy was surely going to end not just with a broken hymen but a broken heart as well ? 
 my fingers tightened around my mobile phone . 
 `` i 'm hanging up after this , mr. kastein . 
 please just -- '' `` i want to f ** k you too much to stay away . '' 
 holy . 
 shit . 
 i glared at my phone , wishing it was a blond gorgeous giant i was glaring at instead . 
 with just those few words , he had ruined whatever composure i had . 
 now , all i could think about was how he had me on the table , devouring my br ** sts , his erection jutting hard against my core , and me right now , soaking wet in the middle of a public street . 
 `` stop saying things like that , '' i said weakly . 
 lame response , i know , but right now ? 
 that was , like , the best i could dish out . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 the purr in his voice made me tremble , something i was sure had people looking at me oddly if they noticed . 
 it was still early in the day , with the sun sending golden rays all over the place , and yet here i was shivering with desire . 
 `` we just cant . 
 it 's not ... we ca n't , okay ? '' 
 he chuckled , and the sound sent deliciously erotic shivers down my spine . 
 it was almost as if i could feel his fingers trailing my back , promising me pleasure a hundred times more intense if i finally let him take me . 
 `` yanna , we are already doing it , whether you admit it or not . 
 and tomorrow , when you get to work , we 'll be doing a lot more than this . '' 
 lesson # 4 do n't ask to be friends with your billionaire . 
 he 'll think you 're after the benefits , not the friendship . 
 in theory , first day of work should have been like first days in school . 
 you had to feel your way around , meet new friends and frenemies , and figure out what you had to do to not be an outcast . 
 but the thing was , i had never experienced first-day trouble , mostly because i tended to skip it altogether . 
 by the time i did show up in school , alyx and daria had already smoothed things over for me . 
 they were cool , ergo i was cool by association . 
 but obviously , that was n't an option i had at work . 
 i took a shower early and chose a perfectly modest outfit for my first day - black blouse , matching slacks , and low-heeled pumps . 
 my minis would be on hiatus until further notice . 
 megan and charli were already at work when i got to kastein , inc. , making me vow to myself that i was not going to let my alarm snooze thrice starting tomorrow . 
 hopefully , double snoozes would be enough to have me arriving at work earlier than my superior . 
 when i got to the office charli had directed me to , i saw the two other marketing executives she had told me about . 
 my heart sank . 
 one of them was bottle blonde . 
 she had on a collared blouse as well , but unbuttoned way , way down to reveal more than an eyeful of her ds . 
 next to her , i felt like i had br ** sts the size of eggs . 
 robin eggs , even . 
 her skirt was way longer than mine , but they had mid-thigh slits at each side , and her legs looked endlessly long with her f ** k-me stilettos . 
 immediately , i thought of bottle blonde coming up to constantijin in her getup and my heart constricted . 
 the last one to make up our threesome was george , a g * y ivy league graduate who seemed to have a fondness for dorky-looking glasses and checkered shirts . 
 i had noticed him in the interview , and he had the same combination on . 
 george and i smiled at each other . 
 in an instant , i knew we were going to get along fine . 
 bottle blonde and i sized each other up unsmilingly . 
 just as quickly , i knew we were going to be bitter frenemies for life . 
 the office we were given had light purple walls , a color that was very much easy on the eye . 
 one side of the room was made of pure glass , providing us a breathtaking cityscape view . 
 the left side of the room , next to the door which adjoined our office to charli 's , was lined with three cubicles . 
 each cubicle had a table , chair , and a waist-high file cabinet . 
 displaying immense diplomacy , george opted for the middle table to keep bottle blonde - or rather arian - and me apart . 
 on the opposite of the room was a huge worktable , which i assumed where we 'd be doing our work as a team . 
 i looked forward to it . 
 not . 
 when i got to my cubicle , i found a post-it note stuck on my lcd screen from charli , asking us to review the latest projects of kastein entertainment . 
 around 10 in the morning , charli dropped by to check on our progress . 
 by then , it became clear to all of us that we represented different categories . 
 i was given the ya and romantic comedies , george was there for the fighting series like naruto and pokemon as well as yaoi . 
 yaoi or shounen-ai was an umbrella term for m/m stories . 
 apparently , kastein wanted to capitalize on the brokeback craze . 
 as for arian , she represented the adult chick lit genre , focusing on manga and asian works that were along the lines of bridget jones ' diary and erin brockovich . 
 my greatest fear about the job was not being able to contribute , but as the day progressed , i gradually - happily - realized that this job was really meant for me . 
 with my fluency in japanese and mandarin , i was able to obtain more information about the various series i could recommend to the company . 
 i was n't restricted to english translated sites but instead i could dig deeper into the blogs of both mangaka and their readers . 
 i was so engrossed with what i was doing that i had n't noticed lunchtime had come and gone . 
 by the time my stomach let out a loud growling protest that had arian glaring at me and george chuckling , it was already three in the afternoon . 
 big mistake , i could hear the ever-practical alyx tutting in my head . 
 never show your boss you 're having so much fun at work that you 're willing to skip lunch . 
 they 'll come to expect it from you all the time after . 
 `` could you tell charli i went out for a quick lunch ? '' 
 i asked george as i grabbed my purse from the table . 
 george nodded , eyes glued on the screen . 
 he seemed just as engrossed as i was with his own work . 
 `` i 'll text you if she needs something urgent . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i said over my shoulder , already on my way out . 
 arian and i did not look at each other as i left . 
 yup , bitter frenemies it really was . 
 employees of kastein , inc. had access to a private cafeteria in 30/f , which looked more like a hotel lobby holding a gourmet food fair . 
 the staff was dressed in - you guessed it - entirely in black . 
 one section of the cafeteria had cozy crescent-shaped booths while the rest had matching sets of steel-legged tables and chairs accessorized with the finest tablecloths and cushions , both also in black . 
 all of us had daily meal allowances . 
 how much you spent depended on your job level . 
 right now , i had $ 10 to spend each day and anything i incurred more than that i had to pay out of pocket . 
 to take your one-hour lunch break , you need to clock out . 
 most people already had by the time the machine scanned my fingerprints . 
 overhead , a huge board showed a list of the initials of every employee working for kastein , inc. . 
 the light next to my initials blinked blue , which meant i was on a break . 
 it would turn green once i clock back in or red if i did n't show up for work . 
 my eyes strayed unconsciously to the top of the board , where constantijin 's own initials were also on display . 
 blue . 
 there went my heart , racing all the way to the finish line of utter emotional stupidity and winning first place . 
 the cafeteria was nearly deserted when i went through the swing doors . 
 one table at the corner was occupied by giggling interns as they repeatedly looked over their shoulders . 
 their subject of interest ? 
 he had his back to mine , but the exquisite color of his hair was easily recognizable . 
 i quickly turned around and walked to the italian station , my heart torn between wishing he 'd see me and wishing he would n't . 
 i asked for spaghetti with meatballs and iced cappuccino , waited patiently for my order because i was too busy trying not to think about constantijin , and afterwards chose a table next to the windows , far from the giggling girls . 
 as i took a sip of my coffee , i took a very surreptitious glance at where constantijin was sitting . 
 he was n't there . 
 disappointment made my shoulders droop and i took comfort by twirling a nice amount of spaghetti with my fork and feeding myself . 
 soon enough , the delightful taste made me temporarily forget about dutch playboys and mini-orgasms . 
 i closed my eyes , savoring the wonderful texture and spicy taste of my meatballs . 
 when i opened my eyes , constantijin was seated across me , a familiar wicked grin playing on his lips , a glass of water in one hand . 
 he was dressed in another pinstriped suit , charcoal gray this time , and one that also defined the broadness of his shoulders . 
 his pale blue shirt underneath was partially unbuttoned , revealing a glimpse of his chest - the very same chest i was able to -- aghast at where my thoughts were heading , i hissed , `` you should n't be here ! '' 
 then i remembered where we were and who i was talking to and i added reluctantly , `` sir . '' 
 he laughed when he saw me looking around nervously . 
 i could n't help it . 
 i did n't want anyone to know - see - i was talking to him , much less sharing a table with him . 
 it smacked of inappropriateness , the kind that could either get me fired or talked about in sly and hushed tones . 
 luckily - or unluckily , i could n't really decide at the moment - no one was around and even the giggling interns were nowhere in sight . 
 settling his glass down on the table , he said , `` you certainly took your time coming here . '' 
 my eyes widened . 
 he had been waiting for me ? 
 when i did n't answer , a wry crooked grin touched his lips . 
 `` do you do that deliberately ? '' 
 frowning in confusion , i asked , `` do what ? '' 
 `` drive me crazy with your silence . 
 you do n't talk when most women would and you talk when i expect you not to . '' 
 when i did n't say anything , he sighed , `` and you 're doing it again . '' 
 biting my lip , i confessed , `` i 'm not doing it deliberately . 
 i just do n't know what to say when i 'm around you . '' 
 it was true . 
 i liked talking - a lot . 
 but when constantijin was around , i could n't help getting tongue-tied , could n't help being on my guard either because with just that first time we had met , he had so easily shown me how utterly weak my body was in his presence . 
 he leaned close , so suddenly i almost jumped in my seat like a frightened rabbit . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked almost defensively . 
 `` why did you run ? '' 
 i blurted out , `` why did n't you run after me ? '' 
 as soon as the words were out , i cursed myself nonstop . 
 shit . 
 idiot . 
 dummy . 
 why did i have to give myself away like that ? 
 incredulity shone in constantijin 's eyes , and i gazed back at him challengingly , warily . 
 i tensed when he started to speak . 
 `` because i do n't . '' 
 his answer should n't have surprised me but it did , his voice implacably hard when he spoke those three little words . 
 `` i want you , yanna . '' 
 still more than a little hurt at his rejection - because that was how it felt to me - i said stiffly , `` well , you ca n't have me . '' 
 his voice became seductive . 
 `` you and i both know that 's a lie . 
 but i do n't want to force you . 
 i want you to come to me willingly and i 'll do whatever -- '' unable to bear hearing more because i knew they were all true , i cut him off desperately . 
 `` constantijin -- '' `` i love it when you say my name , '' he breathed . 
 i love it when you say mine , too , i thought sadly . 
 too much so , and that was the problem . 
 i gazed at him , this time not bothering to hide the plea in my eyes . 
 `` i 'm not in your league , constantijin . 
 i do n't do one-night stands . 
 i do n't do affairs . 
 i 'm just ... not like you , '' i ended helplessly . 
 `` i know what you 're saying , schat , '' he answered , and the way his eyes burned through me made me swallow . 
 oh god . 
 his eyes told me that right now he was hard - had been from the start . 
 for me . 
 moisture formed between my legs in response . 
 triumph blazed from his eyes . 
 `` but it 's too late . 
 the moment you walked into my office , with your pink suit and sunny smile - the way you talked to me without flirting , the way you entranced every man in the room without even being aware of it -- '' his words made my body so heavy with desire i could n't breathe . 
 he was painting a woman i did n't recognize and yet the way he was staring at me so intensely told me i was her . 
 `` i want to be inside you very badly , yanna , and i will have you . '' 
 i wanted to look away but could n't . 
 his gaze had once again enslaved me , and it was all i could do not to lean toward him and beg for his touch . 
 in a last-ditch effort to save myself , i said shakily , `` ca n't we just be friends ? '' 
 without warning , i found myself being yanked forward from underneath the table , and i let out a soft gasp of shock as i felt his hand go under my skirt . 
 i stiffened . 
 `` sssh , darling , or people would know , '' he whispered . 
 i tried inching away but he retaliated by cupping my throbbing core , his hand large enough to brand every inch with his touch . 
 `` if you keep moving , i 'll tear your -- '' `` i wo n't move ! '' 
 i half-gasped the words out even as i glared at him . 
 but this only made his grin widen . 
 then i felt his fingers going under the lacy fabric and my back shot up even straighter . 
 `` no , con -- '' i bit back a moan when his fingers drew a straight line against my flesh , parallel to its folds , before he pressed his thumb ever so softly against the tiny nub of flesh that even i had never touched myself . 
 `` do you want me to make you come ? '' 
 his teasing words were accompanied by movement from his fingers , its tips darting in and out of me but never really going inside . 
 driven crazy by need , i actually found myself inching forward as if by doing so i could trap his fingers inside me . 
 oh god , what was happening to me ? 
 constantijin kastein was a stranger by almost all accounts . 
 yet here i was , craving his touch like an addiction i could n't live without . 
 `` yanna . '' 
 `` yes , '' i whimpered . 
 `` you have to promise to keep quiet , though . '' 
 i nodded , unable to say anything more because his fingers were moving again , going up and down against my sheath . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 `` ye -- '' my mouth parted in a silent scream of agonized pleasure because constantijin had again taken me by surprise , sliding his finger in and out in a rhythm that made a huge shudder go through my body . 
 `` quiet , schat . '' 
 i nodded , gripping the tablecloth desperately with one hand as i did my best to prevent my body from meeting the thrusts of his fingers . 
 i was so wet and crazy for desire for him that even this very first penetration of my body did n't hurt . 
 if anything , it just left me wanting for more and more . 
 `` do you want it faster ? '' 
 i nodded , and closed my eyes when his fingers thrust in and out in increased speed , making me catch my breath . 
 `` harder ? '' 
 i nodded again , not wanting to speak . 
 i was afraid that if i opened my mouth , i 'd end up moaning my pleasure instead . 
 his fingers f ** ked me harder and faster this time , and i nearly buckled in my seat when a second finger penetrated me . 
 oh , oh -- a third finger ? 
 this was too much . 
 `` yanna . '' 
 his voice was thick with desire now , almost guttural again . 
 i had to force myself to open my eyes . 
 `` i want you to come now . '' 
 my breath hitched . 
 `` i want you to come by impaling yourself with my fingers - get it as deep as you can inside you . 
 all right , sweetheart ? '' 
 i could only gaze at him in muted desire . 
 `` say yes , '' he gritted out . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` then do it now . '' 
 and almost as if we had rehearsed this a thousand times , he shoved his fingers in just as i lifted my h * ps to meet his thrust . 
 i bit my lip hard as i convulsed around him , aware of the wetness trickling out and to my upper thighs . 
 dizzy with pleasure , i watched constantijin take a handkerchief from his pocket and dip it in water . 
 after a moment , i felt the cold touch of the fabric on my thighs . 
 my legs parted on its own as constantijin efficiently cleaned me under the table while his other hand drummed a lazy beat on the table , his golden gaze burning bright with satisfaction . 
 `` you are right , sweetheart , '' he murmured when he pulled his hand away , seemingly satisfied with how he 's cleaned me up . 
 his lips curved in a knowing smile when he heard my legs immediately snapping shut the moment he withdrew his hand . 
 still trying to keep my legs from trembling and wondering if i could actually walk a straight line after the very first orgasm i had in my life , i asked shakily , `` i 'm right about what ? '' 
 `` this friendship of ours . '' 
 he came to his feet in a fluid movement , utterly gorgeous and unflappable , not one bit of him betraying the fact that he had just gotten me into engaging in a public act of sex with him . 
 he smiled at me again . 
 `` i like this kind of friendship , yanna . 
 i look forward to more of it . '' 
 lesson # 5 do n't let yourself be rattled by your billionaire . 
 he 'll see it as a come-on and find more ways to rattle you even more . 
 my weekend was spent lazing around in alyx 's home . 
 she had n't wanted to charge me for rent , but i had insisted . 
 all our meals consisted of take-outs from nearby delis and fast food chains , since both of had n't a clue of cooking . 
 when she left sunday to meet up with another set of friends , i quickly used the time to google more information about constantijin . 
 i could n't help it . 
 he was already an obsession - but one i could n't bear anyone knowing about . 
 just this week alone , more photos of constantijin came up , with a different arm candy for every event he attended . 
 from the gossip rags , i also learned that he had left the country to sail with his friends , two other billionaires who were almost as gorgeous as he was . 
 a famous celebrity paparazzi referred to them collectively as the three pussketeers . 
 i totally agreed , even though the name also made my heart twinge . 
 god , i was pathetic . 
 any more of this and i was , like , so applying for some kind of hard casing for my heart . 
 it had to be tougher to survive more attacks of seduction from netherland 's # 1 playboy . 
 i came in as early as i could to work on monday , but charli was already ensconced in her ultra-savvy chair when i got to our office . 
 she also had a new set of post-its stuck to our lcds , and she was fast becoming like donald rumsfeld in that sense . 
 in woodward 's state of denial - i had this weird thing for political controversies and cover-ups - the author had revealed how rumsfeld , who was still the defense secretary of the us then , would issue white sticky notes whenever he had new responsibilities and duties for his people . 
 they called them snowflakes , and most of those sticky notes had been about the war in iraq . 
 glancing at my own set of snowflakes , i had to wonder what kind of war charli was waging on behalf of kastein inc. 's . 
 my post-it asked for a power point presentation for a manga series i could recommend which had the big three - romance , action , and comedy . 
 and just because charli had a lot of faith in us three - it said so in her snowflake ! 
 - we 'd be presenting our recommendation to a small group of middle managers this very afternoon . 
 i buckled down immediately for work , which i found totally fun and challenging - a great combination that got my heart pumping almost as fast as it tended to do whenever constantijin - shit , f ** k , damn . 
 i 'm not going to think about him , i 'm not , i chanted to myself silently . 
 determinedly refocusing on my presentation , i asked george , `` do you know how to import videos to power point ? '' 
 `` sorry , hun , not one clue , '' he answered right away . 
 swallowing my pride , i asked , `` arian ? '' 
 she gave me a wide-eyed stare that i totally was n't buying . 
 `` not a clue either . '' 
 today , she was dressed in another come-hither outfit . 
 you would think that guys would get used to her d-cups but no . 
 as days passed by , george told me that arian 's fan club of lechers just seemed to grow and grow in number . 
 her face was also perfectly made up , as always - the one thing that i secretly envied her for . 
 i loved dressing up , but cosmetics ? 
 not so much . 
 mascara , powder , and lip gloss was just about my limit while i had a feeling arian even trimmed her nose hair . 
 whatever . 
 good for her . 
 at half past noon , i slipped out to buy an energy bar from the vendo machine , unaware that behind the tinted windows was a pair of golden eyes following my every movement . 
 the energy bar was yummy - but insufficient . 
 i slid another note into the slit and punched the necessary button , but this time nothing come out . 
 `` oh , come on ! '' 
 i could n't afford any delays right now . 
 `` here , let me . '' 
 someone spoke from behind and a moment later , a dark haired guy was bending down slightly , rapping one fist on the side of the vendo machine . 
 the energy bar finally fell down and i grabbed it . 
 looking up , i was about to thank mr. fix-it for vendos but i ended up gasping instead . 
 `` you ! '' 
 he was just as surprised and then his lips formed a very pleased smile , one that had me blushing again . 
 `` you seem to make a habit of needing my help , '' he murmured . 
 it was the very same guy who had helped me out during the time i went shopping for work clothes . 
 it was such a freaky coincidence that for more than a moment , i could only blink at him , wondering if he was mr. right . 
 yes , yes , i knew i was totally jumping into conclusions - as far as point a to point z in fact , but you see that was how it happened between my parents . 
 walter and carole fell in love at first sight . 
 they had n't even spoken to each other . 
 they had just looked into each other 's eyes - and that was that . 
 could this guy be the one for me ? 
 still smiling , the guy offered his hand and said , `` i 'm drake morrison , by the way . '' 
 he seemed even taller and more handsome than i remembered , but with the same olive skin and light brown eyes . 
 `` yanna everleigh , '' i returned shyly , shaking his hand . 
 upon releasing it , i said apologetically , `` i have to go . 
 i 've got a presentation in three hours . '' 
 `` sure , '' he answered easily . 
 `` break a leg . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 when i turned around to walk away , i could feel his gaze following me . 
 it made me extra clumsy and conscious , tripping on my own two feet as i reached the office i shared with george and arian . 
 george raised a brow when i came in . 
 `` you look happy . '' 
 i quickly told him about mr. fix it . 
 `` oooh . 
 a forbidden office romance is in the works then ? '' 
 his words made me think of constantijin , and the memory was more than enough to wipe every good feeling i had about drake . 
 deflated , i shook my head . 
 `` no , '' i sighed out . 
 `` not for me . '' 
 i might find drake attractive but it was probably because his very obvious admiration of me was thrilling . 
 but that was it . 
 he did n't make me feel alive with just one glance and he certainly did n't make me hot , wet , and bothered all at the same time with a few words . 
 three o'clock came sooner than expected and before i knew it megan was taking us to another conference room , a bigger one , with a white screen already rolled down in front and a projector plugged in and ready for our use . 
 the only lights in the room were directed towards the stage , leaving the rest of the room - and our audience - shrouded in darkness . 
 george was up first . 
 he used an image slideshow for his presentation and because he was uber-creative , it worked for him even though charli had specifically asked for a video insert . 
 arian followed shortly , and her pp presentation had a very professional video insert , the hypocrite ! 
 then it was my turn . 
 after a quick sign of the cross , i went up on the podium , clearing my throat several times . 
 i spent a few seconds lettingto let my eyes adjust to the brightness of the limelight trained on me from the ceiling . 
 it almost felt like i was talking to myself , which i liked just fine . 
 i knew that aside from george and arian , charli was there , too , as our supervisor . 
 but i was totally clueless about the identities of the three other managers , and it made me nervous . 
 i wished i had remembered to ask charli about them before the presentation . 
 taking a deep breath , i started on my presentation . 
 why hana kimi ? 
 before you ask that question , let me share you a couple of things first . 
 slam dunk , boys over flowers , and coffee prince are just a few asian tv series that were imported to europe and became such huge blockbusters with their niche markets . 
 fans loved the sport angle in slam dunk , the harem of beautiful-looking guys found in boys over flowers , and the idea of a girl pretending to be a guy in coffee prince . 
 hana kimi has all of those so maybe the question should be , why not hana kimi ? 
 it was already adapted for a tv series in taiwan and was an instant hit . 
 with the right formula , i have no doubt that its success could be duplicated for a western audience . 
 the series is about a girl who so idolizes a high jumper she once saw performing that she decided to transfer to the same school he 's in - even if it means hiding her true gender to enroll in an all-boys ' school . 
 in her new school , mizuki - the heroine in the series - meets an entire cast of good-looking guys , all of them with potential to have their own storylines . 
 as for the requisite twist , mizuki actually becomes the roommate of her idol and crush sano . 
 you can just imagine the ba-dump ba-dump moments that it could create ! 
 another great thing about this series is that it has 23 volumes in total , and with english translation already provided by viz media . 
 tv networks can then choose whether they want a short series and focus on their favorite scenes - or they can go long and maximize on the series ' potential . 
 it 's all up to the client , but either way - it 's a win-win situation for kastein , inc. . 
 and then it was over . 
 it was the longest 15 minutes of my life , and my knees were still quaking underneath me . 
 someone flipped the light switch and suddenly , i heard people getting to their feet and clapping , with charli even beaming at me . 
 she was so sophisticated i never even thought she knew how to grin , much less beam ! 
 still a little dizzy at the realization that my presentation was indeed over and that i had survived , i quickly stepped down from the podium and relinquished my space to charli . 
 fanning myself with my presentation script , i let my gaze roam the room absently and froze when i encountered a pair of lazy gray eyes studying me with such intensity i found myself catching my breath . 
 constantijin was here . 
 his unsmiling face made me nervous , but even so i could n't help feeling gloriously alive just for seeing him . 
 it was exactly like that ba-dump moment i was talking about earlier . 
 unnerved by his impassive expression , i forced myself to listen to charli , who was just thanking us three for the presentation and saying that all our recommendations were worth considering . 
 `` arian , your presentation was lovely , but next time i hope you add more statistical data - such as what yanna shared about hana kimi 's performance in japan and europe . '' 
 ha ! 
 take that , arian ! 
 `` george , your presentation was also lovely but for now - please stay away from extremely graphic yaoi series . 
 i do n't think american mainstream audience is ready for it yet . '' 
 i gave george a thumbs-up , who was doing his best not to look disappointed . 
 `` and yanna , you did a great job . 
 i can see how much passion went into your project , but next time , i do hope you have a better video to share with us . '' 
 arian , you selfish girl , you ! 
 charli beamed again . 
 `` since this went so very well , i 'm delighted to tell you that you will be presenting the same recommendations to the executive managers next . '' 
 her announcement , made out of the blue , had me gulping and i could see that even arian was feeling queasy at the thought . 
 but charli did n't seem to notice our silent panic . 
 she thanked our audience , making a special note of constantijin 's presence . 
 apparently , he did n't have to be here at all . 
 afterwards , the two other executives talked to us one by one . 
 there was martha , the finance department head and lawrence , who led the production department . 
 at the end of the line was constantijin . 
 he took his time talking to george and arian , never once glancing my way . 
 it hurt and angered me , but i knew i could n't flounce off like i wanted to . 
 when he turned his back on arian , forcing the other woman to close her mouth and retreat , i gave him my best polite , i 'm - not-bothered-smile . 
 `` sir . '' 
 he did n't smile in return . 
 `` i have a few questions about your recommendation . '' 
 the curtness of his tone made me straighten . 
 oh god , was that why he seemed to be in a bad mood ? 
 did he hate my presentation ? 
 constantijin was already leaving and i had to half-run so i could walk next to him but making sure i was lagging a few inches behind at the same time as a way of showing respect for his position . 
 `` what questions do you have ? '' 
 i asked nervously . 
 `` later , '' he answered in a still-brusque tone , which only made me tense even more . 
 he pulled me into his office , which actually had its own reception area . 
 my eyes widened when i saw a familiar gray-haired woman sitting behind the table next to the door of constantijin 's private office . 
 she smiled when she saw me , utterly unruffled . 
 `` hello , ms. everleigh . '' 
 `` h-hi , '' i stammered , wondering if i could die right this very moment now . 
 oh god ! 
 how the hell had i managed to forget what happened between constantijin and me and ... and her ? 
 `` yanna , '' constantijin barked from his inner office . 
 giving the older woman another embarrassed smile , i hurriedly went inside . 
 god , what the hell was eating him anyway ? 
 surely my presentation was n't that bad ? 
 `` close the door , '' he barked . 
 this time my temper was near to bursting . 
 `` you do n't have to shout at me , you know , '' i muttered as i closed the door . 
 when i turned around to face him , i did n't have any time to react . 
 constantijin was on me in an instant , his lips taking mine in an open-mouthed kiss that sent my senses reeling . 
 as he sucked on my tongue , i was barely aware of him twisting us around so that i had to walk back as he moved forward and forward . 
 when i hit something from behind , constantijin lifted me up and brought me down on his desk . 
 releasing my lips , constantijin pushed me down , leaving my legs to dangle from the table . 
 `` what -- '' i tried to protest but his brooding look shut me up . 
 there was something in it , something more than anger or frustration . 
 then i felt him rolling my underwear past my legs and i yelped again , `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` i saw you . '' 
 he threw my panties away . 
 i tried crawling away from him , but it was too late . 
 he leaned over me , his weight pressing down on my body and imprisoning me in place . 
 `` you were flirting with that boy . '' 
 it took me a while to understand what he was talking about . 
 i gasped . 
 `` are you talking about dra -- '' `` do n't you dare say his f ** king name in my presence ! '' 
 he growled and bit my lip as if in punishment . 
 i groaned , not out of hurt but because i was even more aroused , his movement causing his rock-hard c ** k to rub just the right way against my na ** d core . 
 `` why were you flirting with him ? '' 
 this time , i understood what i had seen in his eyes earlier - what i now heard from his voice . 
 he was jealous . 
 constantijin kastein was jealous - because of me . 
 it was stupid of me , i knew that , but somehow the realization made me happy . 
 i knew that him being jealous could mean nothing . 
 it could just mean that he was extremely possessive , that he thought i belonged to him . 
 but right now , i did n't care . 
 right now , all i could think was that he had to care for me - even just a bit - for him to feel so jealous and affected over an entirely casual conversation in front of a vendo . 
 `` i was n't flirting with him , '' i said gently . 
 inside my mind , i could hear alyx making a tsk tsk sound , warning me against being too soft . 
 constantijin revealed a moment of jealousy and here i was thinking he cared for me . 
 it was my hopelessly romantic side winning over my common sense , alyx would tell me , but right now - i did n't care . 
 constantijin 's brooding look did n't go away , but his tone was less hard when he spoke . 
 `` then what were you doing ? '' 
 `` just talking . '' 
 i moved restlessly against his body , his c ** k a pulsing temptation between my legs . 
 he bit my lip once more , but this time it felt more playful than punishing . 
 `` i do n't like seeing you talking to another man but me , yanna . '' 
 `` talking is different from flirting . '' 
 i did my very best not to arch against him , but it was hard . 
 he was unconsciously - or consciously - rubbing himself against me now , and it drove me insane - like his touch always did . 
 his hands clamped around my waist , keeping me still . 
 `` promise me you wo n't talk to him again . '' 
 `` i would never flirt with him , '' i said instead . 
 constantijin glared . 
 it was totally unexpected , and he looked so beautiful and sexy , glaring at me with such obvious jealousy that i could n't help it . 
 i twirled my arms around his neck and kissed him . 
 he gasped against my lips as my tongue slipped inside his mouth , tentatively tasting him the way he did with me . 
 a chuckle vibrated against my body . 
 `` are you seducing me , yanna ? '' 
 `` i think so , '' i whispered , nipping his lip as i did . 
 he groaned . 
 `` it 's working . '' 
 i could hear a ` but ' and forcing myself to pull my lips away from his , i asked , `` but what ? '' 
 in answer , he suddenly pulled away . 
 ignoring my protest , he pushed my skirt up and buried his lips in between my legs . 
 i screamed . 
 `` yanna , ssssh ... '' `` i. . . 
 i. . . '' 
 i screamed again when he licked me long and slow , and then harder and faster . 
 his tongue was a relentless force . 
 i tried to keep quiet but it was impossible . 
 i could n't help moaning , twisting on the table as he kept licking me into an orgasm that i knew would cause my body to splinter into pieces . 
 `` you taste so f ** king good , '' he murmured between licks , which alternated between delicate and rough . 
 `` constantijin . '' 
 it was all i could think of saying . 
 `` look at me eat your cunt , yanna , '' he said in a roughly-voiced order . 
 i lifted myself up , resting on my elbows , my whole body shuddering at the blatant look of desire in constantijin 's eyes while he licked me . 
 `` i want to see you come as i take you with my mouth . '' 
 that was the only warning i got before his mouth closed over my clit , sucking hard and long . 
 i cried out as i came , our eyes locked into each other as pleasure caused my body to shake uncontrollably . 
 later , constantijin took control again , cleaning me with a brisk efficiency that made me feel thankful and a little hurt at the same time even though i tried my best not to let him know that . 
 `` you are mine now , understand ? '' 
 his english seemed to go to hell whenever he was feeling strongly about something , i realized . 
 he was scowling at me , as if remembering about drake . 
 i scowled back at him , realizing that he was trying to manipulate me through sex . 
 `` i 'm not yours . '' 
 and i was n't - or at least i was 99 % his , but he did n't have to know that . 
 the one percent would remain mine , protected inside my heart until i could make him fall for me the way i was so obviously falling for him . 
 the words sounded silly even to my ears , especially after what just happened between us , and with me smoothing down my skirt . 
 when i looked up , he was frowning again . 
 `` are you playing with me , schat ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 constantijin visibly relaxed at my obviously shocked answer . 
 `` i knew you were n't the type but -- i do n't understand why you are so against being mine . 
 i can give you everything - anything you want . '' 
 his voice lowered , the look he sent me under his lashes positively sizzling . 
 `` no one can please your body the way i can , yanna . '' 
 he was so arrogantly convinced of that it should have been a turn off , but my weak body reacted the opposite way . 
 instead , it found his words a huge turn on , my ni ** les hardening into pinpoint pricks against my blouse . 
 `` i do n't deny that , constantijin . 
 but this - all of this , i 'm not used to it . 
 i need time . '' 
 i needed time to harden my heart , to protect it if he ever did end up using and leaving me , but i did n't have to tell him that . 
 `` time . '' 
 he repeated the word so distastefully i could n't help but smile . 
 `` fine . 
 i will give you this time you are asking for . 
 but not too long , '' he warned darkly . 
 `` i am an impatient man and i hunger too much for you already . 
 only you have forced me to go through cold showers every night . '' 
 my heart blossomed at those words even though i did my best not to let him know how thrilled i was to hear that . 
 over my protests , constantijin walked me out of his office - past his smiling and still-unruffled looking secretary - and all the way to my office . 
 other employees who caught sight of us gawked , the questions in their eyes dispelled when constantijin spoke . 
 `` for your next presentation , i hope you can include a potential cast for the series . 
 include unknown and known actors - whoever you think will be best for the roles , '' constantijin was saying . 
 i looked up at him suspiciously , unsure if he really meant what he said because that was a big thing he was asking of me . 
 yet all he did was smile enigmatically . 
 when we reached the door to my office , he said , `` i was right in hiring you , yanna . '' 
 i practically expired in happiness at that point . 
 it felt almost as good as the orgasms he alone could give me . 
 blushing because i was simply unable to keep myself from doing so , i said , `` i 'm just really happy to be with you , mr. kastein . '' 
 the door opened behind me just as i spoke the words out loud and suddenly i found myself the focus of two surprised stares - george 's and constantijin 's . 
 realizing what i had n't meant to say , i stammered , `` i meant , with your company . '' 
 oh my god , oh my god , why the hell had i said that ? 
 constantijin smiled , the brooding darkness in his eyes completely wiped out by my freudian slip . 
 `` understood . '' 
 he turned away and george and i stared at him silently . 
 even with his back to me , he still looked immensely sexy - too much so . 
 when constantijin was safely out of earshot , george said slyly , `` happy to be with you ? 
 is that your subconscious talking ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 or so i hoped . 
 lesson # 6 do n't play games with your billionaire - especially when it 's a game he invented . 
 alyx was literally rolling on the floor laughing when i morosely shared with her what happened today . 
 well , not about the part when i came in his mouth - god , my panties got all wet at the thought alone - but about the freaking freudian slip that i made in front of george and constantijin . 
 `` you 're supposed to comfort me , '' i wailed . 
 but that only made alyx laugh harder , making me wish the living room had a bed of thorns for flooring instead of a soft blue-gray carpet . 
 `` that is just so you ! '' 
 she gasped . 
 `` yeah , yeah . 
 stop laughing ! '' 
 alyx made a visible effort to rein in her laughter . 
 `` i 'm good now , '' she said even as her lips quivered . 
 i launched my complaint immediately . 
 `` how am i going to face him tomorrow ? '' 
 `` that 's assuming you 'll see him tomorrow , '' she told me . 
 good point . 
 he was the ceo , after all . 
 he did n't have to be in the office every day . 
 but - that was a bad point , too . 
 it meant i would n't be able to see constantijin and -- wait , did i want to see him ? 
 did i really want this thing between us to continue ? 
 where was the old yanna in all this , the one who yearned for true love and not for smoking-hot sex ? 
 i lifted my legs up in the cushion , hugging them close to my chest in utter misery . 
 `` oh , god , alyx , i think i 'm falling for him . '' 
 this was such a f ** king cliche it was n't funny - not funny at all . 
 alyx 's smile faded at my words . 
 `` falling ? '' 
 she echoed . 
 `` is n't this just , like , a sexual crush ? '' 
 a sexual crush ? 
 i did n't even know such a thing existed ! 
 but now that i did - i thought about it real hard and shook my head after a while , even more glumly . 
 `` i do n't think it 's that . '' 
 alyx sat up in the floor , a look of alarm on her face . 
 `` look , yanna . 
 i 'm all for you and your boss doing the dirty , but only if you 're just in it for the sex . 
 but if you think you 're falling for him -- '' her lips pursed in disapproval . 
 `` drop it . 
 you 'll just get hurt . '' 
 `` i do n't think -- '' `` try , '' she cut me off with a scowl . 
 `` look for other hotties to hook up . '' 
 she paused . 
 `` like mr. fix it . '' 
 `` but that would be like using drake and i ca n't do that . '' 
 she grimaced . 
 `` you 're too nice , you know that , right ? '' 
 she said it like being nice was a disease and most times , it meant exactly that in alyx 's book . 
 ever since we were young , she had kept on scolding me for letting people take advantage of me because i was - like she said - too nice . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i 'm not . 
 i 'm just ... '' falling head over heels for my boss , and that was my problem . 
 george was still throwing me sly looks when i reported to work the next day . 
 i ignored him , of course . 
 i worked immediately on improving my presentation since the new snowflake on my monitor screen told me that our meeting with the executives was set for tomorrow . 
 again , my fixation on my work caused me to forget all about lunch it was already two in the afternoon when my stomach growled , my internal alarm clock for hunger . 
 the cafeteria was nearly empty when i got there , but my inner senses went haywire immediately , telling me even without seeing that he was here again . 
 still uncomfortable about how fast and hard i was falling for netherlands ' # 1 playboy , i quickly turned around to escape . 
 but it was too late . 
 constantijin was suddenly in front of me , as if sensing my intent to avoid him . 
 `` yanna . '' 
 i firmly repressed the lovesick sigh begging to be let out . 
 hearing him say my name with his dutch accent was even more of a turn on now , especially when he looked at me like i was a lollipop he wanted to lick all over . 
 `` good afternoon , sir . '' 
 just looking at constantijin made me feel restless , my body throbbing for his touch . 
 today , he wore a pale pink polo together with a pair of well-cut trousers , his blazer nowhere in sight . 
 his clothes made his muscular physique even more apparent , and it was all i could do not to stare hungrily at his body , knowing that every inch of it was wonderfully hard . 
 like his cock . 
 god , what was i thinking ? 
 constantijin 's eyes shone with amusement , and i knew he had guessed correctly the direction that my thoughts had taken . 
 `` let 's have lunch together , '' he said . 
 i quickly shook my head . 
 `` oh , no , sir , i do n't want to impose -- '' he said very gently , `` it 's just lunch , yanna . '' 
 the delicate tone he used confused me . 
 was he saying i was overreacting ? 
 even more confused and not a little irritated , i nevertheless found myself following him to one of the half-moon-shaped booths . 
 he snapped his fingers and a waiter appeared at our side on cue , ready to take our orders . 
 this was a self-service cafeteria , but i supposed rules like that did n't apply to ceos . 
 i opted for japanese this time and he followed my lead , both of us ordering bento boxes and separate appetizers . 
 we sat at opposite ends of the booth . 
 we could n't sit next to each other , not when he was my boss and i was his employee . 
 also , we were n't a couple - yet . 
 i colored at my thoughts . 
 playboy , yanna , playboy . 
 playboys like constantijin did n't do the couple thing . 
 i had to remember that . 
 the waiter returned not more than a minute later , our appetizers ready , sashimi for him and kani salad for me . 
 i split my chopsticks just as he reached out for them . 
 `` oops ? '' 
 i said with an embarrassed smile . 
 was i supposed to play damsel in distress with my chopsticks ? 
 he laughed . 
 the sound made my toes curl . 
 something about constantijin kastein enjoying my company - with my clothes on - had butterflies fluttering their wings in my stomach . 
 `` itadakimasu , '' i said , feeling shy all of a sudden . 
 `` itadakimasu , '' he said in return , eyes still gleaming with laughter . 
 we ate our meal in silence , and i did my best not to look like i was in the middle of another gastronomic orgasm as i enjoyed my bento box , which consisted of yakimeshi rice , chicken teriyaki , and miso soup . 
 constantijin broke the silence with a casual question . 
 `` do you eat sashimi ? '' 
 i nodded , surprised . 
 he deftly picked a slice with his chopsticks . 
 `` here , taste it . '' 
 his silver eyes danced with wicked laughter . 
 `` constantijin . '' 
 i glared at him . 
 but still he kept his chopsticks-held salmon in the air , patiently waiting . 
 `` what if people see us ? '' 
 `` they wo n't , '' he said so confidently i looked at him suspiciously . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` because i had my bodyguards bar the door . '' 
 he what ? 
 constantijin murmured , `` now , please . 
 taste it . '' 
 i finally opened my mouth . 
 as he fed me the piece of salmon , which was delicious with its icy freshness , he said softly , `` next time , i 'll be feeding you my cock . '' 
 oh , oh , oh , why did this man always know exactly what to say to turn me on ? 
 i took a mouthful of water after , trying to use the time to calm myself . 
 `` constantijin , do n't . '' 
 `` do n't what ? '' 
 he asked with such wide-eyed innocence it tempted me to smile . 
 `` i still have a presentation tomorrow so please ... no distractions ? '' 
 constantijin said immediately , `` i 'm sorry . 
 that slipped my mind . 
 are you nervous about it ? '' 
 relaxing a little , i admitted , `` yes , kind of . '' 
 the rest of the meal - and the day - passed uneventfully , and tomorrow came even before i was prepared for it . 
 megan took us to yet another conference room , also larger than the one we went to before . 
 more and more , i was beginning to realize that kastein inc. was all about presentation , considering the gazillion of conference rooms the company seemed to have . 
 this conference room could comfortably seat forty , but only half of its seats were occupied . 
 constantijin sat at the very center , in front of his team of executives , looking gorgeous , sexy , and utterly out of my league . 
 it made me feel like i had only dreamt about the times i spent with him . 
 the order of the presentation was the same . 
 when it was my turn , i virtually used the same spiel , only this time , my presentation lasted a bit longer because of the video and additional data i had included . 
 constantijin never took his gaze off me , but i could also see in his face that he was listening intently - even proudly . 
 that gave me such a huge dose of confidence i became even more enthusiastic with my presentation , cracking jokes , and getting my roomful of executives to interact . 
 afterwards , charli took over and led the round of applause our audience gave us . 
 then -- and this was really a surprise -- charli had us come back on stage . 
 before i knew it , we had an impromptu panel interview about our series recommendations . 
 `` the characters are kind of young , '' a male executive said . 
 `` how do you propose to attract adults , parents , and so forth , to watch it ? '' 
 that was a tough one . 
 in the corner of my eye , i saw a tiny smirk on arian 's face . 
 grrr . 
 that witch ! 
 `` well , i could have the advertisement for the teaser start with a line like ` remember how it felt when you first fell in love ' ? 
 because no matter how old we get , we never forget our first love , first kiss , even our first heartbreak , no matter how much we try to forget it . '' 
 the crowd thankfully laughed at my quip . 
 i continued , `` and that 's what hana kimi is all about . 
 everybody likes to reminisce about those lovely firsts , and this series gives them that opportunity . 
 even better , it gives people with bad memories something better to replace them by . '' 
 the executive smiled . 
 `` good point . '' 
 i wanted to look at constantijin and see if he approved , too , but i dared not . 
 instead , i thanked the executive shyly and looked at charli for confirmation . 
 she gave me a thumbs-up sign . 
 charli took over the stage again when the panel interview ended half an hour later . 
 `` now , did n't i tell you i hired a great marketing team for us ? '' 
 she boasted , and everyone laughingly agreed . 
 george and i happily hugged each other when charli officially ended our presentation . 
 both of us looked for arian to congratulate her , but we need not have bothered , not when she was already getting the best congratulatory message from none other than constantijin himself . 
 arian drew close to constantijin as she spoke , her br ** sts heaving with every deep-throated laugh she released . 
 `` oh my god , the bitch , '' george muttered . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` not really . 
 i mean , they 're both single . '' 
 he looked at me like i was insane . 
 `` but you like him ! '' 
 i struggled with that . 
 if george could so easily see through me , could others do so as well ? 
 finally , i mumbled , `` it 's just a dumb crush . '' 
 or at least i hoped so . 
 tuesday to thursday were peaceful and utterly boring , with constantijin nowhere in sight . 
 through the office grapevine , i learned that he had to fly back to his home country for a get-together with his family . 
 on friday , i took advantage of the no-office-attire rule to dress up in a black knee-length dress , made distinct by its high collar , bell-shaped sleeves , and scooped back . 
 i felt like i had been neglecting myself lately - or at least ever since i saw arian flirting with constantijin and him not doing a thing to stop her . 
 should he have stopped her ? 
 did i have the right to care ? 
 i hated how i constantly thought about these questions and hated the fact even more that i did n't know the answers to them . 
 allan , a guy from production , actually wolf-whistled when i walked past him . 
 `` looking good , yanna , '' he said , leering . 
 i stuck out my tongue , wishing i had n't been reared in a conservative ladies ' academy so i could flash him the finger - especially when his exceptionally loud voice had everyone turning toward me . 
 drake was there , too , and i slowed down when he turned to me with a smile . 
 `` you look beautiful , yanna . '' 
 again , his eyes made no secret of his admiration . 
 again , it had me blushing . 
 `` umm , thanks . '' 
 `` hot date tonight ? '' 
 i quickly shook my head . 
 `` oh , no . 
 just a night out with friends . '' 
 i tried to think of something else to say but the way drake kept staring made me want to hide under a rock . 
 `` umm , i have to go . '' 
 eyes twinkling as if he knew - and enjoyed seeing - how uneasy i felt , drake stepped aside with a polite smile . 
 `` have fun later . '' 
 `` uhh , yes , thanks . '' 
 god , i was so socially awkward . 
 i wish i could think of something wittier - nicer - to say to drake . 
 head down , still mulling over my social ineptitude , a pair of expensive handmade men 's shoes suddenly blocked my path . 
 my heart galloped , my nerves prickling in awareness because i knew who it was even before i lifted my gaze and met constantijin 's blazing golden eyes . 
 he was furious - and jealous . 
 my heart sang , but i quickly nipped that in the bud , telling myself it did n't mean anything . 
 `` good morning , sir . '' 
 `` do you have a date tonight ? '' 
 this time , i totally lied . 
 `` yes . '' 
 before he could answer , i walked past him , heart beating even faster . 
 when i got to my office , george took one look at my outfit and grinned . 
 `` va-va-voom , baby ! '' 
 arian just stuck up her nose . 
 yeah , well , what-e-ver . 
 i grinned back at george as i went to my cubicle . 
 `` alyx and i have a bridal shower to attend tonight . '' 
 then i giggled . 
 `` or bachelorette party rather . 
 since i have a feeling it 's not going to be a wholesome affair . '' 
 `` ooooh . 
 you 'll have strippers ? '' 
 `` yeah , probably . '' 
 voice lowering , george whispered , `` wo n't mr. kastein have something to say about that ? '' 
 i slowly shook my head . 
 `` it 's not his business . '' 
 lunch time , i actually managed to remember to leave at exactly noon . 
 george and i walked inside the cafeteria arm in arm , which was a good thing since i almost lost my balance when i saw constantijin with arian - again . 
 my chest squeezed painfully when she actually took the seat next to him . 
 wtf ? 
 `` gold-digger , '' george muttered . 
 `` no . '' 
 i had to say it . 
 even if i believed the same . 
 i just had to say no . 
 i had never liked talking about other people behind their backs . 
 `` she 's just - i guess - she just likes him a lot . '' 
 george rolled his eyes . 
 `` i hope he 's not stupid enough to fall for her . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 even i did n't think that . 
 but still - what if he had sex with her ? 
 would i be able to bear that ? 
 an urge to cry hit me unexpectedly , and i had to look down , blinking rapidly to keep the tears from falling . 
 it seemed so incredibly long ago since the last time i was in constantijin 's arms . 
 did he not like me anymore ? 
 i had heard about men blowing hot and cold . 
 i understood it in theory , but the reality was so much harder than i expected . 
 `` i 'll bet you a hundred dollars he 's into you , though . '' 
 i smiled humorlessly at george 's attempt to comfort me . 
 `` you 're on . '' 
 george 's phone suddenly rang and he excused himself , leaving me all alone in my booth . 
 i felt like a loser with a capital l and wondered if arian and constantijin were glancing my way . 
 what if they were laughing at me ? 
 the thought hurt , but i was the type to confront my fears head on so i forced myself to look up . 
 constantijin was staring at me . 
 he should n't have been - not with arian talking so animatedly next to him - but he was , and i could n't understand the dark emotions in his eyes . 
 his lips were compressed in a tight line , as if he was holding his anger in check . 
 was he actually mad at me ? 
 arian abruptly stopped speaking as her eyes bore through mine . 
 i forced myself to look away . 
 i felt the burning sensation of being glared at from my right , where arian and constantijin were . 
 i gulped . 
 oh , man ! 
 arian as a frenemy was bad enough , but as an all out enemy ? 
 that was going to be hell . 
 `` thank god you 're back , '' i exclaimed when george returned to our table . 
 i stood up and dragged him with me before he could take a seat . 
 `` we have to go , it 's an emergency . '' 
 `` but i did n't finish my lunch yet -- '' he protested . 
 `` emergency , '' i gritted out . 
 with a sigh , he let me drag him out of the cafeteria . 
 we passed by arian 's table as we did , and she was all alone , constantijin nowhere to be found . 
 she smiled . 
 it was a scary sight , and i had to force myself not to run from it . 
 `` hurry , '' i hissed at george . 
 honestly , i felt like that black-haired ghost from ringu was after me . 
 but just like that ghost , arian was impossible to escape . 
 when we got to our office , arian was at our heels . 
 i jumped at the sound of the door slamming shut , feeling like i was suddenly trapped in a cage with a killer shark named arian . 
 `` hi yanna , george , '' arian cooed with another smile . 
 i smiled weakly . 
 george did n't . 
 he was the blunt but polite type and had never bothered to pretend interest in befriending arian . 
 `` could i talk to arian privately ? '' 
 she asked george sweetly . 
 george did n't even hesitate . 
 `` no . '' 
 arian was obviously taken back but she rebounded quickly with a sharp retort . 
 `` you 're not her keeper , you know ? '' 
 `` actually , i consider myself that , '' george returned coolly . 
 i was looking at them back and forth . 
 was i about to have a bitch fight in my hands ? 
 clearing my throat , i said , `` arian , really , there 's no need for secrets . 
 whatever it is you want to say -- '' `` fine , '' she said cuttingly . 
 `` let 's not beat around the bush then . 
 i know you 've got the hots for constantijin . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 george and i immediately rejected . 
 `` stop lying , yanna . '' 
 oh . 
 so she was talking to me . 
 drat . 
 her eyes hardened . 
 `` i want to let you know that i only applied to this company because i wanted to be close to him . 
 i 've got first dibs on constantijin and i do n't like it if someone else has an eye on my man . '' 
 `` beg to differ , '' george interrupted , `` but he 's not your man yet . '' 
 `` he will be . '' 
 arian smiled at me again . 
 i did my best not to shiver . 
 it was a really scary sight , like a shark in prada getting ready to make a meal out of me . 
 `` you and i wo n't have any trouble as long as you do n't mess with my plans . '' 
 she looked at me , clearly waiting for an answer . 
 i knew i should have said ` no ' because george was right . 
 whatever she felt about the situation , constantijin was n't hers yet . 
 but see , i also had this weird conscience - one that never let me lie outright . 
 right now , i could n't make myself say yes or no to arian so when i answered , all i could say was , `` i 'll try my best . '' 
 george and i gazed at arian as she sashayed back to her cubicle , h * ps swaying as if there were still men for her to dazzle . 
 george turned to me with a frown , asking , `` why did you give in ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` you should have fought for him , '' he grumbled . 
 i did n't answer , mostly because i could n't bear admitting to him i did n't have a right to fight for constantijin . 
 constantijin did n't try to call or waylay me during or after work , which i told myself was a good thing . 
 the bridal shower was fun and debauched - exactly as i had expected . 
 when the strippers actually started , well , stripping , i knew i had to excuse myself . 
 if i had to see a na ** d c ** k for the first time , i 'd rather it be constantijin 's . 
 this was the uppermost thought in my mind when i left the hotel suite , so imagine my surprise when i came out and saw constantijin across the hall , walking towards my way with a thunderous scowl on his gorgeous face . 
 he was mad as hell . 
 he was hot as hell , too . 
 `` who the f ** k are you with in that room ? '' 
 he snarled , his long-legged strides eating the distance between us in his seconds , his fingers wrapping around my left wrist in a punishing grip . 
 `` wh-how-i ... '' i looked at him in consternation . 
 `` answer me , '' he roared at the same time one of the strippers inside yelled , `` i 'm getting naked , baby ! '' 
 okay , that sounded very bad . 
 constantijin paled . 
 i was white-faced , too . 
 all half-baked thoughts of making him jealous , of getting even with him for letting arian flirt with him - all of those left me at the look of betrayal on constantijin 's face . 
 `` i lied . 
 i do n't have a date . 
 i 'm attending a bridal shower , '' i confessed shakily , saying the words in a rush because i had a feeling if i did n't get them out in time he would leave me forever . 
 he inhaled sharply . 
 unsure whether he believed me or not , i turned around and twisted the knob , intent on showing him the truth , but constantijin suddenly said my name . 
 and then he was twisting me around , his kiss forcing me against the wall . 
 constantijin gripped my hair with one hand , using it to twist my head to the side so his tongue could penetrate my mouth further . 
 i moaned when he started sucking on my tongue , my arms going around his neck on its own volition . 
 pleasure unfurled inside my body like a long-lost dream . 
 i could n't help closing my eyes at the sheer ecstasy of being back in his arms and having him kiss me again . 
 when he ground his erection against my body , i arched into him , wishing i could do more to mold my body into his . 
 `` i thought you were f ** king someone else , '' he said . 
 `` i thought you wanted to f ** k arian , '' i muttered back between drugging kisses . 
 he lifted his head sharply at that . 
 `` i do n't cheat . '' 
 `` me neither , '' i admitted and let out a moan when he bit my ear before letting his tongue swirl inside , licking the inner lobe . 
 `` never lie to me again . '' 
 `` never , '' i promised , meaning it , and was rewarded with a quick hard kiss . 
 `` say you 're mine , '' he growled as he nuzzled my neck , his hands trailing down to cup my bu ** ocks so he could grind his c ** k more fiercely against mine . 
 i was . 
 i already was . 
 but was he mine , too ? 
 he was too mercurial for my sanity . 
 i needed something more concrete - something more emotionally symbolic - before i could give myself to him . 
 i so badly wanted to ask if he was mine as well , but my perverse sense of pride did n't let me . 
 instead , i said , `` i still need time . '' 
 rather , he still needed time . 
 he slowly pulled away , and his english was thickly accented and accusatory when he spoke . 
 `` it feels like you are making me go through hoops like i 'm some puppet you are testing , training . '' 
 `` i 'm not , '' i protested instantly , looking at him straight in the eye , willing him to see how sincere i was . 
 constantijin did n't speak , his arms falling to his sides as he let me go completely . 
 i wanted to weep . 
 i felt like i had gambled - and lost . 
 `` it is how you make me feel and i do n't like it . '' 
 why was he so distrustful and cynical ? 
 could n't he see how badly i wanted him ? 
 or was this all a ploy - a masterful one befitting netherlands ' # 1 playboy ? 
 only a few feet separated us , but suddenly it felt like we stood at different ends of the world . 
 `` you are playing with me . '' 
 he said it as if he was waiting for me to deny it . 
 i wanted to , but i did n't . 
 he had to figure that out for himself . 
 `` if that 's how you feel then there 's nothing i can do . '' 
 lesson # 7 never go to vegas with your billionaire . 
 it 's called sin city for a reason . 
 your hymen is totally at risk . 
 `` why do you always eat so late ? '' 
 a grouchy voice asked as i wallowed in self-pity with my vanilla latte and giant slice of cheesecake . 
 it was my sixth day of existing without constantijin and if i had to be honest - i was n't doing well . 
 at all . 
 he haunted me worse than any ghost could . 
 he was n't under my bed but next to me . 
 he was n't inside my closet but with me in the shower . 
 he was in the worst places possible , and i could n't stop thinking about him . 
 i had a feeling i 'd sell my soul if i knew there was a cure for this . 
 surely - surely these feelings were n't the kind that walter and carole shared ? 
 it was too ... too sexual , too obsessive - too everything that was not romantic . 
 thank god we had a three-day weekend coming up , with friday a statewide holiday . 
 i badly needed a break . 
 luckily , george had invited me along to enjoy an all-expense paid trip to vegas he had won from a g * y social networking site . 
 `` i 'm talking to you , '' the grouchy voice continued . 
 i looked up with bleary eyes and almost spit out my latte . 
 oh god , it was her . 
 glenda lowered herself on the seat across me , glowering . 
 `` that 's all you 're eating for lunch ? '' 
 actually , i just lost my appetite . 
 cheeks flushed and mentally cringing at what she might think of me after what she had seen , i stammered , `` i 'm not that hungry -- '' she rolled her eyes and - with her boyishly cut gray hair - i could imagine for a moment what alyx would look like when she reached middle age . 
 `` because of that boy ? '' 
 it took me a second to realize just who she was referring to as a boy . 
 the redness in my cheeks deepened . 
 `` of course not , '' i lied quickly . 
 `` bah ! 
 do n't bother . 
 i know a smitten girl when i see one . '' 
 with a shake of her head , glenda asked , `` what happened ? '' 
 do i tell her or not ? 
 it only took me a second to decide . 
 by now , it should be obvious that i had a tendency to share everything with practically everyone . 
 i confessed what happened in last week 's bridal shower - well , the pg version of it at least - and ended with how constantijin thought i was playing with him because i was n't giving in . 
 `` but i 'm not , '' i cried out . 
 the words came out louder and more passionate than i intended and i turned red again . 
 she patted my hand . 
 `` hush , dear . 
 do n't feel bad . 
 you 're not the first girl whose heart he 's broken . '' 
 i said slowly , `` if that 's supposed to make me feel good -- '' `` you are not even the first one i caught fooling around with my boy . '' 
 i absolutely had no appetite now . 
 `` ma'am -- '' she smiled warmly . 
 `` call me glenda . '' 
 i did n't smile back . 
 she rolled her eyes again . 
 `` oh , you ! 
 stop sulking . 
 you are special , dear . 
 you might not be the first girl he 's hurt - certainly you 're not the first girl he 's had sex with -- '' i had officially lost my appetite for the entire week . 
 `` but dear , '' she finished triumphantly , `` you were the first one who made him celibate . '' 
 that got me sitting up in my seat , unable to believe what she just said . 
 constantijin was so sexual that what she was saying was impossible . 
 every time we met , all he could think about was sex . 
 and fine - every time we met , i thought about it , too , but it was among other things . 
 seeing the incredulity in my eyes , she gave me a sharp nod . 
 `` i know my boy . 
 he uses sex as an outlet and these days , he 's like a grouchy bear , snapping at every one . '' 
 she said explicitly , `` that means no sex . '' 
 rubbing my suddenly aching head , i said , `` i 'm really glad you told me this , but ... what should i do then ? '' 
 `` it depends on what you want from him . '' 
 i did n't answer - i could n't , not just yet , not when i was unsure myself if constantijin was really the man for me . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ friday , george and i arrived at our hotel around noon , thanks to an early flight . 
 the accommodations included in george 's prize were at a new boutique hotel . 
 small and classy but not as opulent as caesar 's palace , it was nonetheless charming , -- a girly hotel even , with its lavender-and-cornflower-blue decor . 
 `` i 'm starving , '' i told george as he queued up at one of the check-in counters . 
 `` check us in while i scout for food ? '' 
 my stomach echoed my words with a growl . 
 george grinned . 
 `` you and your tummy , '' he said but waved me away , telling me to leave my luggage with him . 
 there was a restaurant across the elevators , and before its glass doors was a small pastry station . 
 i hurried towards it , my mouth watering . 
 food never failed to comfort me . 
 they were reliable , unlike dutch playboy billion -- stop it , yanna . 
 stop thinking about him ! 
 i refocused on the sweets . 
 oh , but they looked yummy beyond belief ! 
 eclairs . 
 cupcakes . 
 tarts . 
 macaroons . 
 truffles -- `` looks good , does n't it ? '' 
 i was not hearing that . 
 i was just not hearing that . 
 heart beating madly , loudly , and erratically , i slowly turned around . 
 it was constantijin . 
 his slight crooked smile did n't quite reach his eyes , which were intense and wary . 
 something ached in my heart at that look , making me realize he found this as nerve-wracking as i did . 
 `` hey , '' he said softly . 
 `` hey , '' i said back because constantijin in jeans totally rendered me speechless with awe . 
 constantijin in a suit was breathtaking , but in jeans - he was magnificent , every iota of his sexiness magnified by his tight-fitting shirt and equally tight-fitting denims . 
 one look at him and you could n't help but think , f ** k , f ** k , f ** k. i mentally smacked my head against an imaginary wall . 
 stop thinking about sex , yanna . 
 `` have you eaten lunch yet ? '' 
 i could only shake my head , still tongue-tied . 
 fuck , f ** k , f ** k. my mind was frozen at those words . 
 his smile turned into something real , and the sight of it melted the shell of pain that had surrounded my heart for so many days now . 
 `` you look great . '' 
 his eyes lingered on the rather low neckline of my summer dress , and i swallowed , embarrassed but aroused at the same time when i felt my br ** sts responding , feeling heavy and aching as my ni ** les came to life . 
 thank god for padding or i was so going to show . 
 i heard myself asking , `` are you staying here , too ? '' 
 instead of answering , he said , `` will you let me book a table for us ? 
 you 're with george , right ? '' 
 i nodded even though i was a little confused at why he had to avoid my question . 
 he smiled , looking relieved , and that confused me even more . 
 he stepped forward , and i held my breath , wondering if he was going to kiss me . 
 but all he did was lift his hand , knuckles grazing my cheek . 
 it was all i could do not to close my eyes and rub my face against his hand like a kitten . 
 constantijin said slowly , `` i missed you , yanna . 
 more than i thought i would . '' 
 and then he was walking away . 
 it was a good thing he did . 
 if he had n't , he would have seen how a 24-year-old woman could melt into a hot , emotional mess . 
 glenda was right . 
 i was so , like , smitten to death with this guy . 
 `` you are so f ** ked . '' 
 i jumped , whirling around to see a grinning george , one trolley on each hand . 
 i grabbed mine from him as he asked slyly , `` is that who i think it is ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 he let out a manly giggle , which drew looks from the other female customers ordering from the pastry station . 
 i could n't blame them . 
 even with his dorky glasses and stiffly ironed checkered shirts , he was hotter than hot . 
 it was just too bad for the rest of the female population he was g * y. `` you are so going to pay me a hundred dollars , '' he teased . 
 it took me a long time to understand what he was talking about . 
 `` oh . 
 the bet , you mean ? '' 
 i looked at constantijin , who was a short distance away , talking to the maitre d. turning to george with a frown , i said primly , `` this is just a coincidence . '' 
 george shrugged . 
 `` whatever you want to tell yourself , hun . '' 
 `` it really is , '' i insisted but quickly stopped speaking when constantijin came strolling back . 
 he greeted george warmly just as his arm went around my waist . 
 i raised a brow . 
 he raised a brow back , eyes gleaming . 
 looking at us both , george 's brows lifted as well . 
 `` are you guys sure i 'm still welcomed to this lunch date ? '' 
 constantijin pulled me even closer . 
 if i could get my eyebrow to arch higher , i would have . 
 did he not remember that office romances were forbidden in his company ? 
 was he not worried about other people seeing us together ? 
 had he not realized -- `` yanna . '' 
 oh , that dreamy dutch accent was so , like , going to be the death of me . 
 it took everything in me not to flutter my lashes at him like the totally smitten girl that i was . 
 24 years old and i wanted to flutter my lashes at a guy ! 
 that was the kind of effect someone as gorgeous and sexy as constantijin kastein had on me ! 
 i cleared my throat . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` stop worrying . '' 
 i bit my lip . 
 `` but -- '' `` do n't you know what people say about vegas ? '' 
 george piped in , `` i do . '' 
 constantijin smiled , the secretive and wickedly playful kind that i loved so much it could actually make my heart ache . 
 `` then please , george , do the honors . '' 
 my so-called friend gave me a solemn look . 
 `` yanna -- '' `` george , '' i said warningly . 
 i had a nasty feeling i was n't going to like what he was about to say . 
 he said with sham innocence , `` what happens in vegas , stays in vegas . '' 
 lesson # 8 the way to an -lrb- ordinary -rrb- man 's heart is through his stomach . 
 the way to kill a billionaire 's erection is through his heart . 
 lunch was such a shitty affair , mostly because george and constantijin were totally determined to gloss over the fact that we were doing something completely inappropriate . 
 or rather - constantijin and i were doing something utterly bad . 
 george kept cracking jokes throughout lunch and even though i was so very tense at the fact that constantijin and i were staying at the same hotel , i could n't help laughing at all my friend 's quips . 
 i had to give it to george . 
 when he wanted to be funny , you better be ready to double over . 
 constantijin was just as bad - in a different way . 
 he took every chance he could get to flirt with me , tucking my hair behind my ears , holding my hand underneath the table , and he kept looking at me like he was dying to get me behind locked doors and have his wicked way with me . 
 between the two of them , i totally felt like i was trapped in some kind of kinky twilight zone and i was being set up to lose my virginity this very night . 
 a crack in our perfectly flirtatious world appeared when the waiter returned with our orders . 
 george had his usual clubhouse sandwich and juice , constantijin had ordered some kind of greek soup , while i had my very own feast - and i meant that , like , literally . 
 when i saw the laughter in his gaze as he took in what i had ordered , i said defensively , `` i did n't get to have breakfast ! '' 
 and it was true - technically . 
 i mean , a tiny bowl of cereal was not really breakfast , right ? 
 he threw his hands up in surrender . 
 `` i did n't say anything ! '' 
 as he took a spoonful of his soup , i could n't help comparing it to my plate of salad , barbecued chicken in java sauce , large helping of mashed potato , coleslaw , and a healthy serving of cream of mushroom . 
 `` you ca n't seriously be eating just that ? '' 
 i burst out , seriously upset . 
 i felt such a pig next to these two . 
 constantijin appeared surprised at my outburst . 
 `` i already had breakfast and lunch so this was the only thing that appealed to me . '' 
 then he smiled . 
 `` but do n't mind me . 
 you and george enjoy your lunch . '' 
 `` do n't mind if i do , '' george said , who was already on his second sandwich . 
 i so envied him . 
 constantijin frowned . 
 `` is anything wrong ? '' 
 `` i think i 've lost my appetite , '' i lied glumly even though my stomach immediately let out a silent but tangible grumble of protest . 
 a look of disappointment crossed over his face . 
 `` do n't tell me you 're one of those girls who ca n't eat in front of a man . '' 
 i made a face . 
 `` you 've seen how i eat . '' 
 `` then what 's the problem ? '' 
 `` it 's because you 're eating too little , '' i admitted helplessly . 
 `` you make me feel like a glutton -- '' i stopped speaking at his grin . 
 `` is that the only thing bothering you ? '' 
 at my mournful nod , he said , `` will it help then if i told you that on the way here i went for a drive-thru and ate two big macs ? 
 and for breakfast , i had double pancakes and a hash ? '' 
 i thought about it and finally smiled . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i picked up my fork and knife again . 
 constantijin burst into laughter , and so did george . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i wailed , but i was smiling , too , mostly because it had been a long time since i saw constantijin acting this carefree . 
 after our meal , the three of us agreed to meet by the pool an hour later . 
 or rather , george and constantijin made the arrangements and i sort of found myself nodding in agreement . 
 but all my doubts returned in full force after constantijin walked us back to our suite . 
 `` i 'll be a hundred dollars richer by the end of the weekend , '' george crowed . 
 `` he 's just flirting with me , '' i said , trying not to let george 's optimism get to me . 
 `` it 's nothing serious . 
 he does n't have anything to do , does n't have anyone to talk to -- '' he snorted . 
 `` do you really expect me to believe that ? 
 one : he 's a billionaire . 
 why is he spending his vacation here in vegas when he could have afforded to go to ibiza , maldives - or even the freaking north pole ? '' 
 he flicked his second finger . 
 `` two : i 'm not blind , yanna . 
 i 've seen how he looks at you . 
 if i had n't been there , i would n't have been surprised if you two had totally played footsie -- '' i tried my very , very best not to blush . 
 george let out a strangled gasp . 
 i so totally failed . 
 `` omfg , you did that already , have n't you ? 
 you are so bad ! '' 
 `` it 's not what you think , '' i protested even as i blushed harder at his sly gaze . 
 george doubled over in laughter . 
 `` oh , you so did . '' 
 wiping tears of amusement from his eyes , he murmured , `` he likes you , yanna . 
 trust me . '' 
 i threw myself on the bed , bouncing on my back as i did . 
 `` you do n't understand , george . 
 have you forgotten who he is ? 
 alyx told me he 's netherlands ' # 1 playboy . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` he 's one of the three pussketeers . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 i growled , `` he ca n't be serious with me , that 's so ! '' 
 peeking at george , i was shocked to see that he did n't appear worried at all . 
 `` yanna , '' he said patiently , `` that may all be true , but it just means one thing . 
 you simply have to work harder to make him serious with you . '' 
 easier said than done , i thought with a silent grumble as the two of us went down to the poolside half an hour later . 
 he was constantijin kastein - a man who might as well have descended from helen of troy , with a face that could launch a freaking thousand 747s . 
 and i was just yanna everleigh , a twenty-four year old hopeless romantic who had been recently introduced to the illicit pleasures of -lrb- almost -rrb- sex . 
 if someone was going to do some convincing , it would no doubt be constantijin , tempting me to forget all about my inhibitions and just give my virginity away like a freaking lottery prize . 
 it was n't hard to spot constantijin even with all the bare-chested men around . 
 you just had to follow the trail of sighs , giggles , and whispers and there you have it - constantijin , wearing a pair of black board shorts that rode sinfully low on his hips . 
 his abs , the muscled v that tapered down under his board shorts , and the chiseled perfection of his face -- oh my god , if i was n't a die-hard virgin , i would have begged him to take me . 
 leaning against the bar , elbows propped on the counter , constantijin scanned the area with obvious impatience . 
 i jerked when he suddenly turned towards my direction , as if he had some sort of sixth sense when it came to my presence . 
 it stole my heart , it really did , and it successfully eroded my no to relationship-less sex beliefs by another inch . 
 his eyes burned bright as he stared at me head to toe , his gaze moving ever so slowly like a visual caress that had me shivering in my modest two-piece . 
 we met halfway , and constantijin 's arm immediately curved around my waist , the possessiveness in his hold unmistakable . 
 i was thrilled at his touch , more so when he whispered to my ear , `` you look so f ** king hot i want to lock you in my room so i can take you for days . '' 
 same here , i thought with a secret grimace . 
 so totally the same for me , especially with all the women around us staring at him with unconcealed lust . 
 we walked toward the nearest available lounge chairs , george occupying one while constantijin joined me on mine . 
 as george started chatting with the guy next to him , i could feel constantijin 's gaze follow my every movement . 
 `` allow me , '' he said huskily from behind when i took out a bottle of suntan lotion from my bag . 
 `` constantijin . '' 
 it was a very weak protest and we both knew it . 
 he did n't bother answering . 
 i heard the clicking sound of the bottle 's lid being opened , the squirt of lotion being released , and then suddenly his hot hands were smearing the cream all over my back . 
 even though he was kneading the muscles in my back beautifully , like an expert massage therapist , i could n't make myself relax . 
 and when i felt his fingers touching the undersides of my br ** sts , i could n't help it . 
 i instinctively turned around and slapped his hand away . 
 `` what the -- '' constantijin glowered at me . 
 `` i swear , yanna . 
 what is it with you and your tendency to slap ? '' 
 `` it 's your fault , '' i burst out . 
 `` you keep taking me by surprise . '' 
 `` ca n't you say ` oh my god ' like a normal girl ? '' 
 i flushed . 
 `` well , sorry if i 'm not like those normal girls -- '' i coughed ` bimbos ' under my breath . '' 
 -- you date . '' 
 i got to my feet , more than a little mad , hurt , and jealous at how he had so unfavorably compared me to his battalion of former lovers . 
 `` yanna , come back here , '' he gritted . 
 `` never , '' i muttered , stalking off . 
 `` yanna , i 'm warning you -- '' `` sorry , you 're not my ceo right -- '' i let out a shriek as i found myself flying and hitting the water a few moments later . 
 i came up thrashing . 
 gasping for breath , i could n't believe someone as supposedly well-mannered as constantijin kastein had actually pushed me into the pool . 
 i whirled around at the sound of his laughter . 
 `` you -- '' he laughed harder . 
 my rage died at the look of genuine amusement on his beautiful face . 
 during the times i was able to watch constantijin unobserved at our workplace , he was always charming and beautifully mannered , soft-spoken and smiling . 
 but i had never seen him this happy . 
 oh , oh , lord . 
 i was so in trouble with this guy . 
 he made me want to protect him and care for him , which was a ludicrous idea considering he was a foot taller than i was , heavier by a stone , and billions of dollars richer . 
 `` yanna ? '' 
 feeling the movement of water as he walked towards me , i twisted my head around in askance and his lips immediately caught mine . 
 ah . 
 my dutch billionaire had gotten the better of me again . 
 i gasped against his lips , but that only made constantijin chuckle before deepening his kiss . 
 the kiss was hot and wet , a carnal encounter between our mouths that had me silently moaning and wishing we were n't in such a very public place . 
 i could only stare at him by the time he lifted his head , shocked at how my body still ached for his touch even though i could feel the pointed glares of other women around us . 
 i could n't blame them . 
 if i were in their shoes , i would have been envious after such our extreme bout of pda . 
 but constantijin did n't seem to be aware of how every woman within five meters was stared at him hungrily . 
 he only had eyes for me , and that , too , was effective in eroding my inhibitions by a few more inches . 
 if i did n't put a stop to this , i could find myself raping him in the end . 
 his eyes blazing with need and desire , he said , `` let 's swim , yanna . '' 
 oh , let 's , especially when he said the words like he was saying `` let 's f ** k '' instead . 
 only a few couples were in the water with us , and all of them occupied the shallower end of the pool . 
 constantijin started to laugh when he saw me clutching the sides of the pool the moment we reached the five-foot mark . 
 `` do n't you know how to swim ? '' 
 `` i do , '' i said haughtily . 
 at his knowing look , i grumbled , `` but i do n't know how to float . '' 
 he laughed harder . 
 `` you are too adorable for words , schat . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` adorably pathetic , you mean ? '' 
 he grinned but said nothing . 
 i watched him shake his head a bit , fascinated at how several locks of his hair showered droplets of water on his broad shoulders . 
 it made me want to lick every drop until he was dry and dripping for another reason . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 you are such a bad girl , yanna . 
 when i opened my eyes , he was smiling at me , `` yanna , hang on to me so we can go further ? '' 
 blinking rapidly at what he was suggesting , i stammered , `` i. . . 
 i. . . '' 
 `` come on , it will be fun . '' 
 and then he was slowly pulling me away from the edges . 
 i thought he meant i should ride piggyback style while he floated for us both , but apparently he had something else in mind - something that had me aroused again in seconds . 
 constantijin took me in his arms , arranging my legs around his waist . 
 in my mind , i heard my imaginary version of george chortling . 
 what happens in vegas - stays in vegas . 
 this time , i totally agreed with him . 
 constantijin gazed at me challengingly , as if waiting for me to protest . 
 when i put my arms around him instead , moving close so that my br ** sts brushed against his chest , he sucked his breath in shock . 
 the look in his eyes was pure heat , and i wrapped my legs around him more tightly . 
 it made me shift against him , and his c ** k rose against me , demanding entrance past the tiny blue triangle that served as my bikini bottom . 
 `` you 're so close to being f ** ked , '' he whispered . 
 `` am i ? '' 
 i whispered back , drunk in the heady sensations that his body , his touch - his very presence evoked . 
 my voice actually sounded a bit slurred when i spoke . 
 oh , yes , i was so drunk - intoxicated with the passion that never failed to erupt between us . 
 i wriggled my h * ps under the water , biting my lip when i got what i wanted , his c ** k practically pushing against my core . 
 his eyes widened , and his warning came out unsteady when he spoke , his fingers digging hard in the softness of my butt . 
 `` yanna . 
 stop playing with fire . '' 
 so , so drunk , i thought , still caught in a sensual haze of his doing - and mine . 
 there was no need for wine . 
 i just had to look at constantijin 's nearly na ** d form - be overexposed to it for more than five minutes , and i was totally undone . 
 just this one night , i promised to myself . 
 surely in this century my unknown mr. right would n't care that someone else had taken my virginity ? 
 if he did , then he was n't mr. right , after all . 
 constantijin 's gaze was trained on my br ** sts , which bobbed in the water every time i moved . 
 giggling , i bent lower towards constantijin , wanting him to see more . 
 oh , god , i was so , so drunk . 
 his face darkened with desire , his fingers cupping the undersides of my butt as if in reflex . 
 `` yanna , do n't . '' 
 `` do n't what ? '' 
 i fluttered my lashes at him . 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 `` do n't start something you ca n't - wo n't - finish . '' 
 i dropped the proverbial penny . 
 `` who says i wo n't ? '' 
 constantijin had hauled both of us out of the pool in seconds and i found myself being literally carried away . 
 `` constantijin , '' i gasped , totally not drunk anymore as i could feel everyone around us gaping . 
 someone - george probably - even whistled . 
 he did n't answer , striding purposefully toward the nearest elevator . 
 it opened almost on cue when we reached its doors , and he stepped inside , still carrying me in his arms . 
 constantijin did n't seem to notice the increasing number of wide-eyed looks going our way but i did . 
 `` let me down , '' i hissed , trying to struggle out of his hold without being too obvious about it . 
 my heart beat madly all the while , an instinctive response to the deep and burning passion that constantijin was visibly struggling to hold in check , his body positively vibrating with sexual tension . 
 `` stop moving or i swear i 'll take you right here , '' he gritted between clenched teeth . 
 i stilled . 
 `` do you know , '' he asked in a guttural voice that made his words almost incomprehensible , `` how much i 've been thinking of you - how i ca n't get to work the moment i let my mind be completely consumed of thoughts of your hot little body ? '' 
 i was so , so wet by the time he finished speaking . 
 one part of me questioned what i was doing . 
 what the hell did true love have to do with all this ? 
 but the other part of me was rejoicing in my decision , of finally being free from all the inhibitions and just being able to indulge . 
 did vegas do this to me - get rid of my inhibitions all at once so i could finally know what it was like to have sex with constantijin ? 
 or was it that my subconscious had only been waiting for a scapegoat , and vegas was exactly that - a reason to excuse the inexcusable ? 
 in the end , it did n't matter . 
 i wanted him . 
 he wanted me . 
 constantijin took me to his room , which was - unsurprisingly - the hotel 's penthouse suite . 
 but i did n't really have time to look around , not when constantijin was kissing me wildly the moment we entered his room . 
 his kiss sent my head reeling again , so much that i could n't breathe , could n't think , and totally had n't a clue about what i should do . 
 `` wait , '' i gasped against his mouth , close to panicking . 
 `` relax , '' he muttered as his mouth descended , leaving little kisses on my neck as he did . 
 `` let me take care of everything . '' 
 and then the phone in his room rang . 
 it was hard to ignore , but both of us did our best . 
 it let out a loud beep , followed by a familiar tone that told me the call had been transferred to his voice box . 
 `` baby , it 's me , selena . 
 i heard you were in vegas ? 
 i am , too . 
 i 'm na ** d and hot -- '' buzz kill was the polite word for it as constantijin sprang from me , cursing in dutch - or at least i thought it sounded like cuss words - and stalking towards the phone . 
 he tore it out of its sockets and threw it on the cushion . 
 one part of me was taken aback by the rage in his actions , but another part of me was coldly indifferent to it . 
 too freaking late , my dutch playboy billionaire . 
 just too freaking late . 
 he turned to me , hand outstretched . 
 `` yanna -- '' i avoided his touch . 
 his eyes darkened . 
 `` do n't . 
 you know you ca n't blame me for her call . 
 i had n't had sex with another woman since i met you . '' 
 i hugged myself hard . 
 `` it does n't matter . '' 
 `` it f ** king matters , and you know it ! '' 
 he was shouting . 
 was n't i supposed to be the one shouting here ? 
 `` we 're just not a good thing together , '' i mumbled . 
 confusion , pain , and anger blended into a pit of darkness inside me , drowning my heart , and making my body feel numb . 
 `` yanna , you know you 're being unfair . 
 you know that . '' 
 i bit my lip hard to keep myself from my crying . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` then let me -- '' `` you worry me . 
 you scare me . '' 
 constantijin 's face was pale by the time i finished speaking . 
 but now that i had started , i realized i had to let everything out - as usual . 
 just because he was constantijin kastein did n't mean it was always going to be different with him . 
 `` we 're too different . 
 you think about sex all the time . 
 you make me think about sex all the time when i never even wanted to ... '' i forced myself to continue . 
 `` i never even wanted to touch myself before you . '' 
 poor constantijin . 
 he looked more than shocked . 
 he looked sick now . 
 was he thinking he had a lucky escape - that he had almost had sex with a basket case ? 
 sex was nothing to him and here i was , practically having an emotional breakdown before him . 
 `` what do i have to do to change your mind ? '' 
 he was asking the question , but he was n't really asking it . 
 you got what i mean , right ? 
 but i gave him my answer anyway , never mind if i knew he did n't really care at this point . 
 everything about constantijin right now told me so . 
 the impassive look on his face , the stiff stance of his body - everything about it screamed ' i do n't do complications ' . 
 `` court me . '' 
 walter did that for carole . 
 walter - the kindest man i had ever known , my father , the one man i looked up to , and the man carole once described as the doctor who had affairs with nurses in every major hospital in the world he had been invited to visit . 
 constantijin 's eyes widened . 
 `` make me feel you want me - just me . '' 
 i gave him a sad smile , my words halting as i spoke the truth . 
 `` but that 's not your thing , right ? '' 
 constantijin would think this was another power play . 
 it was n't , but i could n't blame him for thinking that way . 
 and he said equally slowly , his words like the final nails burying my heart six feet deep , `` no . 
 that 's not my thing . '' 
 he walked me to my room after that , neither of us speaking . 
 any time now , i whispered to myself . 
 anytime now he 'd look back and realize he was about to do the greatest mistake of his life , that things could be so great between us , that i was worth chasing after -- we reached my door , and i opened it ever so slowly , waiting for something i knew was becoming more and more impossible . 
 say something . 
 please say anything so i can do something to salvage this . 
 i stepped inside my room , and when i turned around to thank him he was already walking away , killing all my futile hopes in a heartbeat . 
 it was the last i saw of him for the weekend . 
