 chapter 1 when the door to my apartment opened , i sat bolt upright in my chair . 
 his loud , booming voice called for me and i was paralyzed with fear . 
 my cheeks were stained with dark pink streaks from crying all day , because i knew what i had to do and desperately did not want to do it . 
 he did n't cheat . 
 he revealed something to the media about my best friend , jessica , and lied to me about it after he promised he would n't say anything to them . 
 how much money did they give him ? 
 the evidence of his betrayal was splashed all over tmz in gaudy headlines : billionaire playboy luke pardini hires escort to dupe dad luke pardini 's girlfriend 's drug-fueled past luke pardini and blonde escort no more ! 
 the ` escort ' was my best friend ; she was dating a billionaire whose reputation was already fragile . 
 this would destroy both of them . 
 she was out of the apartment , shopping , because doing something was better than sitting around , thinking of how they were no longer together . 
 and the reason why just walked through my front door . 
 she must hate ben . 
 i could n't take it . 
 i had to do it now . 
 i got up from my chair and opened the door . 
 i did n't want him to corner me in the bedroom , where there would be no escape . 
 my tall , hulking blonde fiance stood in the kitchen . 
 the crack of his teeth slicing open an apple made me cringe . 
 a tiny bit of anger punctuated the fearful thoughts running through my head . 
 how dare he come in here as if nothing was wrong ? 
 he jumped slightly as he saw me standing there , watching him . 
 `` there you are . 
 gosh , you scared me . '' 
 ben smiled at me , still without a clue . 
 i trembled as i walked forward , my mouth hanging open helplessly . 
 he would get angry . 
 he would pound the walls with his huge fists and maybe he would cry , and i would feel so guilty for doing that to him , but i needed to do it . 
 jessica was my best friend . 
 `` ben , i - '' `` hey , do you want to get dinner tonight at that new chinese place ? 
 we 've never tried it . '' 
 his eyes shined with excitement and i was halfway towards smiling and agreeing , never mind that ben knew perfectly well that i never really liked chinese food . 
 why do i always want to please him ? 
 `` um , ben , we need to talk . '' 
 `` okay , '' he chuckled at my serious voice . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 the anger dug in like sharp spurs . 
 `` i know what you did . '' 
 i almost said it apologetically . 
 immediately , the painfully obvious look of feigned confusion appeared on his face . 
 his blonde eyebrows knitted down and his eyes wandered the walls of my kitchen . 
 he was stalling to search for a good lie . 
 `` i know you talked to the press about jessica . 
 do n't lie . '' 
 he balked at the uncharacteristically harsh tone in my voice . 
 his huge body stood up , as if to remind me how large he was and how much strength it held . 
 finally , his brows knitted in concern . 
 he was finally noticing . 
 dumbshit . 
 `` natalie , have you been crying ? '' 
 his huge hand cradled my cheek and the unexpected warmth made my anger stumble a bit . 
 no , he 's trying to distract me . 
 `` ben , stop it . 
 do n't make this any harder than it has to be . '' 
 my feet took me away from him , but he followed . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he asked , almost angrily . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 a vortex of energy whirled inside . 
 my legs were trembling and i did n't want to look at him , did n't want to shake the incredible resolve i found within myself to get rid of him . 
 i slapped his hand away as he stroked my face , finally letting some of that energy escape . 
 `` you hurt her . 
 how could you do that ? '' 
 now he looked frustrated . 
 `` i gave them some details about her , that 's all . 
 i did n't know what they would do with the information ! 
 they gave me three thousand dollars , natalie . 
 what was i supposed to do ? 
 say no to three thousand bucks ? '' 
 yes , that 's exactly what you were supposed to do . 
 what did i ever see in him ? 
 `` you knew that her boyfriend was rich and famous and that you were n't supposed to say anything about their arrangement . '' 
 `` oh , come on ! '' 
 `` it 's serious , ben . 
 she signed a nda-no one was supposed to talk . 
 i was n't even supposed to tell you about it , but i did it anyways because i thought i could trust you . 
 you 've ruined her relationship and you led the press to those animals that used to abuse her . 
 seeing them on television almost destroyed her . 
 i do n't want to see you again-i do n't want this ! '' 
 i pulled off the engagement ring and slapped it onto his palm . 
 ben 's fist tightened over it . 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 he exploded . 
 `` you 're going to end our six year relationship over this ? '' 
 it 's not just that , a tiny voice inside me said . 
 i was n't brave enough to admit that to him-yet . 
 how could i tell him that i was at sea-drifting away like the wreckage of a ship ? 
 for the past year , i felt pieces of me floating away as he spent more and more time at the law firm . 
 i did not want a husband who was married to his job . 
 please stop following me . 
 i wanted to curl up on the couch without his poisonous embrace , making me sick with his comforting warmth . 
 his weight sank the couch down and he pulled me into his arms , imprisoning me . 
 i shook my head and cried noisy tears . 
 `` natalie , let 's talk about this . '' 
 `` no , i do n't want to . '' 
 `` natalie , '' he said a little desperately . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 `` please go ! '' 
 i cried . 
 `` just leave me alone ! '' 
 `` i 'm not leaving until we talk about this . '' 
 talking would n't change my mind ; it would only weaken my resolve . 
 the fear jumped inside me again . 
 the fear of being alone . 
 i did not want his hands on me , or his lips kissing my head , or any part of him . 
 he repulsed me . 
 my body twisted in his grasp and we fought . 
 he kept pulling me backwards when i tried to jump out of his arms . 
 `` let me go ! '' 
 in the flailing limbs , i somehow slapped him hard against his cheek . 
 his hold loosened on me and i jumped from his lap , breathing deeply . 
 deep satisfaction rolled through me as the red mark seared on his face . 
 something broke between us . 
 i pointed to the door , still shaking . 
 `` go . '' 
 ben raised himself and looked down on me like he quite wanted to hit me back for the humiliation he suffered . 
 `` fine , '' he said coldly . 
 he turned around and left my apartment , slamming the door in his wake . 
 i ran to the door and locked it , as if it was some kind of safeguard against him in case he came back . 
 ben had a key and could come and go as he pleased . 
 the half-eaten apple lay on the kitchen table . 
 i took it gingerly , as if it had a contagious disease , and threw it in the trashcan . 
 then i sprayed the wooden table with windex and cleaned any remnants of his filth . 
 i was n't supposed to use windex because it would damage the wood , but the table was shit anyways and it was all i had on hand . 
 i could n't stand the idea of his essence clinging to anything in this apartment . 
 thinking of my bed sheets , i wanted to vomit . 
 my heart still pounded . 
 i never broke up with anyone before . 
 i tried to search myself for what i felt , for how i managed to do something so-brave . 
 was it the right thing to do ? 
 do n't i love ben ? 
 a panicky series of images flashed through my mind . 
 at every important event in my life , ben was always there . 
 i met him in college ; he was a big , goofy norwegian guy who swept me off my feet . 
 he was my world . 
 i fit into his chest like a glove . 
 he was there when i graduated from college , when i celebrated my first job as a graphic designer . 
 every birthday and christmas since i was twenty years old . 
 my gentle giant was always there for me when i needed him . 
 what the hell have i done ? 
 * * * the lights in the mall seemed entirely too bright . 
 jessica 's blonde head bobbed in and out of view as she disappeared behind the dress racks in the petite section . 
 i felt like a zombie as i walked towards her , rifling through the dresses and feeling absolutely nothing but indifference for the styles . 
 too flashy . 
 too many sequins . 
 what is this , prom ? 
 i hate baby doll dresses ; they make me look like a child . 
 no , no , no . 
 jessica dragged me out to the mall to go shopping with her , because apparently there was this party at her boyfriend 's house that i had to go to . 
 they made up months ago . 
 ben and i were still over . 
 you 've seen the facebook photos . 
 he 's moving on . 
 less than a month after we broke up , i woke up to a splash of photos of my ex with another woman on facebook : ben sipping drinks with his coworkers in a flashy lounge , with his arm wrapped around a leggy brunette , her cleavage almost spilling from her dress . 
 seeing those hands that i knew so well wrapped around another woman made me feel gutted . 
 it was like he deliberately reached in and grabbed a fistful of my innards-and yanked . 
 he made me feel worthless , and that was probably his intention . 
 it was eight months since ben and i broke up . 
 eight months of facebook stalking and crying into tissues and my whole body shaking with sobs that absolutely exhausted me and left me so tired in the morning that i could barely function . 
 eight months of that horrible , empty feeling in my chest . 
 jealousy when i glanced at my roommate 's gorgeous boyfriend . 
 anger at the ruin they left me in . 
 i missed him . 
 i loved him . 
 i hated him . 
 rinse and repeat . 
 you broke up with him . 
 i reminded myself of that ten times a day , at least . 
 i ripped aside another dress with a little more force than i needed , and jessica raised an eyebrow at me . 
 `` what do you think about this ? '' 
 she showed me a bright-red knit dress and draped it over her body . 
 `` it 's a cute summer dress , but i 'm not sure it 's appropriate for a cocktail party . '' 
 she bit her lip and nodded in agreement . 
 `` maybe i 'll buy it anyways . '' 
 `` who 's going to be at this party ? '' 
 `` oh , it 'll be mostly luke 's coworkers . 
 it 's a launch party for his campaign so maybe a couple departments . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` and he 's having it at his house ? '' 
 i could n't imagine all those people fitting into a home in the city . 
 `` just wait till you see it . 
 it 's huge . '' 
 she took my hand excitedly . 
 `` i ca n't wait . 
 it 'll be so much fun . 
 there 's going to be a band and he 's hiring caterers with the most amazing food . '' 
 `` ca n't wait , '' i said in a voice that was too flat . 
 she gave me a sharp look . 
 jessica knew that i had no desire to socialize with a bunch of strangers . 
 nothing really mattered anymore . 
 jessica 's eyes were knitted together . 
 `` listen , i know you do n't feel like going , but you have n't been out in ages . 
 we used to do a lot of stuff together and now we barely hang out . '' 
 i tried to hide my burning face , ripping dresses across too quickly . 
 her saddened voice made my emotions , which were running high these days , rise into my throat , constricting it . 
 `` i know . 
 i just do n't feel like it anymore . '' 
 i walked to another clothes rack where i would n't have to look at jessica 's anguished face . 
 the divide between us cut deeper every day . 
 more than anything , i wanted to go home and retreat into my room to watch reruns on netflix . 
 there was a constant push and pull between loneliness and solitude . 
 whenever i was alone , i craved company . 
 when i was n't , i could n't wait until i was alone again . 
 a slim black dress caught my eye and i pulled it out . 
 it had a lace back and shoulders . 
 `` that 's cute ! '' 
 relief washed over me when i finally bought the dress and walked outside into the blinding sunshine with jessica . 
 `` hold on a sec . '' 
 i took the dress out of the bag just to look at it one last time . 
 jessica made a small gasp . 
 `` oh , look ! 
 there 's a hole in the lace . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 she pointed to a tiny hole in the fabric and i sighed in disappointment . 
 `` return it . 
 you 'll find something else . '' 
 i moaned as i stuffed the dress back into the bag . 
 `` go on home , jessica . 
 it 'll probably take a while . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 her thin arm waved me goodbye as i turned back into the mall with a sinking feeling in my stomach . 
 i hated returning clothes . 
 any kind of confrontation made me feel physically ill . 
 the queasy feeling in my stomach doubled as i approached the sales counter where a tall woman stood , her face heavily made up with dramatic makeup , but still beautiful . 
 she was the sort of girl i always admired because of her ruthless style . 
 i never felt secure enough in myself to wear that much makeup or sport plunging necklines . 
 `` what do you need ? '' 
 i blushed under her intense stare , which was even more intimidating with the eyeliner . 
 i placed the bag on the table . 
 `` um-i just bought a dress and it has a hole in it . 
 i 'd like to return it . '' 
 i hated the uncertain tone in my voice . 
 her manicured fingers reached inside and gripped the dress in her claws . 
 she spread it out over the table . 
 `` i do n't see no hole . '' 
 i leaned forward and pointed , my heart hammering . 
 her gaze seared across my face . 
 `` where 's the receipt ? '' 
 `` should be in the bag , i think . '' 
 my voice was in danger of disappearing . 
 a stabbing feeling struck my heart as she searched the bag and did n't find one . 
 `` i was just here , you can ask the lady over there . '' 
 i pointed in her direction , but she was gone . 
 someone else took her place . 
 `` no receipt , no return . 
 sorry . '' 
 she shoved aside my bag and did n't even bother putting it back inside . 
 `` next ! '' 
 numbly , i placed my dress back inside and allowed myself to be swept aside . 
 my face was hot and my lunch churned inside me . 
 i heard laughter from a couple well-dressed , beautiful girls as i walked towards the exit and cringed . 
 even though they were n't laughing at me , my brain still insisted that it was a possibility . 
 pathetic , i told myself . 
 if jessica was still here she would have made the girl return the dress . 
 she would have asked to speak to the manager . 
 but i was n't jessica . 
 inside , my body screamed for me to rush towards a safe place and that was my little red car . 
 safe . 
 no one can bother me . 
 i kept the windows rolled up , even though it was a warm day outside . 
 i did n't want to hear people 's voices ; i just needed a bit of quiet to quell the nastiness in my stomach . 
 i teared up as i glanced at the shopping bag , disappointed in myself . 
 i just spent over a hundred dollars on something that needs to be repaired . 
 it was n't even on sale . 
 i knew what my mother would say if she saw this . 
 ben had always done this stuff for me . 
 whenever my comcast stopped working , i gave the phone to ben so he could deal with it . 
 when i got home , i shoved the shopping bag in a corner of my closet so that i would n't have to think about my failure for a couple days . 
 back in my room , i grabbed my sketchpad , ruler , and pencils and spread them over my desk . 
 the best light was in the kitchen , but i needed complete silence to work on art . 
 my environment needed to be a cocoon of artistic energy . 
 my eyes roved over the walls , where i pasted photographs of some of my favorite corporate designs : apple , google , facebook , and yahoo . 
 one day , i 'll design something amazing for a company known all around the world . 
 but for now , i was working on penguins . 
 my boss gave me the assignment to redo the pamphlets for the penguin exhibit . 
 it was one of the most popular exhibits at the san francisco bay aquarium , especially among children . 
 i drew a straight line across the page and my hand instinctively flinched . 
 an image of a wooden spoon cracking over my knuckles echoed through the years and i tightened my fist . 
 it was only a sketch , but it had to be perfect . 
 i used the ruler even for the text ; to make sure the crossed `` t `` s were perfectly straight . 
 hours later , when i finished perfecting every little detail , i sat back and admired my work . 
 now , it was time to do it all over again . 
 this time on photoshop and illustrator . 
 by the time i finished everything , dark orange light glowed on my wall through my blinds . 
 i stared at my stupid , cartoony graphic that burned my eyeballs for the past few hours . 
 there was nothing else to do and the floodgates holding back all my feelings suddenly opened . 
 imaginary water poured in from the window , ruining all of the possessions in my cave , and finally submerging me . 
 i was gasping for air . 
 what an empty life you have . 
 work , work , work . 
 i just spent my whole saturday working , wasting most of my time on a sketch i did n't really need . 
 the emptiness of my life swallowed me like a black hole in my chest , always needing more , more , and more . 
 more chocolate , more beer , more work and clothes . 
 yet , i still felt unfulfilled . 
 empty . 
 ben was my purpose . 
 i 'm one of those stupid girls who made everything in life about their boyfriend . 
 every weekend , holiday , and party revolved around the boyfriend . 
 and now that he was gone , there was nothing left . 
 there was nothing to invest my energy in , besides work and my possessions . 
 i surfed the web and browsed through express and urban outfitters , adding cute , expensive tops to my shopping cart . 
 buying crap made me feel better . 
 i had a hole and i would fill it with stuff . 
 * * * the town car whisked across the bay bridge and i stared out the window at the indiscernible black , rolling hills in the distance . 
 my gaze flicked to the empty leather seat beside me . 
 my hands spread over the seat and i imagined that he sat beside me . 
 he grinned at me in excitement . 
 ben would have loved this . 
 it was like thinking of a dead loved one . 
 tightness constricted my throat and the dark thoughts invaded my consciousness , sapping the life out of me and evaporating my desire for the party . 
 the car stopped in a quiet suburb deep within the san francisco hills and the noise in my head stopped . 
 i could hardly believe that such an ordinary place could exist in the city . 
 it was an incredibly quiet street and the homes had driveways . 
 i stared . 
 some of the houses were tall , vertical and pastel-colored . 
 we were in front of a giant , white victorian mansion that looked like a small castle . 
 on the side was a greenhouse . 
 the black gate opened and pink and yellow tulips lined the driveway and encircled the whole house . 
 i got out of the car numbly and walked up the steps , surrounded by white roses . 
 as i passed the glass house , i realized that it was actually a giant solarium , not a greenhouse . 
 the floor was laid out in marble in a checkered black and white pattern . 
 beautiful patio furniture covered the gleaming floor and guests sat in wicker chairs , enjoying themselves , drinking champagne , and admiring the view . 
 as i blundered inside , i could n't stop staring . 
 there were countless rooms : a room for the pool table , a library , and a study . 
 upstairs on the second level was a massive patio with its own garden and above that i could see porches sticking out of the bedroom doors . 
 there were several private courtyards surrounding the first floor where one could sit on a sunny day , obscured from all traffic , and read . 
 it was incredible . 
 i never saw anything like it . 
 i grabbed one of the bubbly glasses of champagne bobbing around the rooms on gold-plated trays and wandered . 
 the champagne slipped down my throat as i walked towards the crowd of well-dressed men and women , most of them luke 's business associates . 
 they were too intimidating to approach , so i wandered around on my own . 
 he hosted the party in this ridiculously gorgeous mansion to celebrate the success of his multi-million dollar business deal . 
 as his girlfriend 's best friend , i was invited . 
 jessica would n't take `` no '' for an answer . 
 she refused to leave me alone in the apartment . 
 part of me loved that about her . 
 another part , the part closest to my bitter heart , was sick to death of being coddled . 
 she feels guilty , even though she did nothing wrong . 
 it was n't her fault , but damn did i resent it . 
 and i hated myself for being such a petty friend . 
 could n't i just be happy for her ? 
 for the first time in her life , she was happy . 
 i watched her struggle throughout the years with all the rape and abuse hanging like a ten-ton weight around her neck . 
 a sick part of me even felt jealous for that . 
 she was the tragic , selfless and brave orphan . 
 i did n't have a transformative story . 
 i was just a middle-class , white bread girl with no problems . 
 no issues . 
 no horrible trauma or secret abortion or drug habit . 
 nothing . 
 i was ordinary . 
 no one ever wrote stories about the ordinary girl . 
 i had all the advantages in the world , and yet i was destined to be mediocre . 
 no one really understands how horrible mediocrity can be . 
 my fingers bit into the now-empty champagne glass . 
 i walked through the mansion as the lounge music boomed in my ears , marveling at the number of stairs and the art displayed on the walls . 
 i passed the living room where a steinway and sons grand piano stood . 
 it probably cost him at least forty grand and i knew for a fact that neither of them could play . 
 i sank my finger down on the ivory middle c and winced as a harsh note glared at me . 
 not only that , but it was out of tune ! 
 it was like biting into kale-bitter , bitter , bitter . 
 the glass tiers of intricate petit-fours and kara 's cupcakes , which had been customized with golden `` p `` s just for this party , and the bottles of champagne raised out of dripping ice to provide an endless pour of golden excitement-all of it irritated me . 
 they were showing off . 
 look at me ! 
 look at what i have ! 
 it was excessive . 
 i wanted to spit . 
 the muscles on my face ached from smiling too much . 
 i grabbed the door that led outside and pushed it . 
 desperate to get away from all the noise and people , i stepped outside and immediately sighed with relief . 
 i wanted to be alone so that i could feel like crap without anyone asking me if there was something wrong . 
 a redwood porch with tables and chairs overlooked a sprawling garden and backyard . 
 i clutched my shrug around my shoulders and shivered in the freezing , starless night . 
 my shoulders curled forward as i set the champagne glass on the rail and leaned so that the wood dug into my ribs . 
 the noise of the party shut out , i closed my eyes and let out a shuddering breath . 
 the darkness reminded me of nights with ben when i 'd lie in bed and watch him sleep . 
 i never felt so safe . 
 `` bad night ? '' 
 a husky voice shattered my sanctuary and my body turned-right into another body . 
 `` whoa . '' 
 i looked up and saw a broad chest . 
 i backed away and saw a man standing in front of me , looking disheveled in his dark gray suit . 
 it was n't his attractiveness that i noticed right away ; it was the restlessness of his black eyes , which seemed to hold me still . 
 a slow smirk stretched across his rugged face . 
 his dark hair flared around him , just as wild as the rest of his appearance : loose tie and shirt untucked , a shoelace trailing behind his scuffed patent leather shoes . 
 he looked drunk , except he held nothing in his hands . 
 there was no stink of alcohol . 
 `` speak for yourself . '' 
 i felt a surge of annoyance toward the man who spotted my dark mood . 
 a bit of surprise registered in my brain . 
 normally , i would n't be able to talk to an attractive guy like him , but i did n't find him intimidating at all . 
 he gave me an unconcerned shrug . 
 `` what , this ? '' 
 he tugged his collar . 
 `` i hate parties , but i 'm always expected to go to them . 
 i try to look like shit so people leave me alone . '' 
 a smile flickered on my face and he grinned back . 
 even in his haphazard attire , he was handsome . 
 he had a straight nose and hollowed cheeks . 
 his flushed cheeks would have made him look like some sort of dark angel if it were n't for his narrowed eyes . 
 how could someone be so attractive but look like shit at the same time ? 
 `` i do n't want to be here , either . '' 
 i normally was n't this honest , but something about him made me feel like being open . 
 i shivered as he drew closer to me . 
 there was so much energy behind his eyes that i felt suddenly warm and my skin trembled with the abrupt change . 
 a jolt of electricity shot up my leg as his jacket slid from his sinewy shoulders so that he could drape it around me . 
 his hand rested for a few seconds on my shoulder and i felt the absence of his warmth when he took it away like a swift fist to my stomach . 
 `` t-thanks . '' 
 i stuck my hand out from his jacket . 
 `` i 'm natalie porter . '' 
 he took my hand and squeezed it . 
 my heart fluttered as another surge shot through his hand into mine . 
 the way his hand grasped mine made me wonder how his hands would feel around my hips . 
 i snapped myself out of it . 
 `` william pardini . '' 
 pardini ? 
 oh , crap . 
 i reflexively squeezed his hand . 
 `` you 're - you 're luke 's - ? '' 
 i could n't quite keep the doubt from creeping into my voice . 
 he 's a member of that super rich family ? 
 he sure does n't look like it . 
 `` cousin . 
 yes , '' he said in a tone that really said : yes , unfortunately . 
 william did n't look like a pardini . 
 sure , he had the italian features : black hair and eyes , a permanently tanned look , but he was dressed like a homeless person . 
 it was as if they had plucked one of the homeless from civic center and shoved him into a designer closet . 
 he only released my hand when i pulled back . 
 his hot gaze dipped down my dress and back up again . 
 he was being blase about checking me out , but there was no shame in his eyes . 
 all i could think about was how perfectly shaped his lips were and the slow drip of never ending solitude , of entire weekends constructed around a visit to the grocery store and checking my email obsessively . 
 the hole in my chest throbbed like a festering wound and his eyes seemed to burn with the same desperate longing . 
 `` so , what do you do ? '' 
 my hand flew to my neck to play with the necklace that dangled there . 
 `` i 'm a graphic designer . 
 i work at the san francisco bay aquarium . '' 
 he leaned on the rail beside me , stretching his body luxuriously as every bit of his eccentric energy focused on me . 
 his tie was dangerously loose and i fought the urge to readjust it . 
 `` you do n't sound very excited about it , '' he commented . 
 well , how could i ? 
 it was a dead end job , but the money was stable and that 's all i seemed to care about anymore . 
 safety . 
 i was n't one for taking risks . 
 ben was safe . 
 i was n't like jessica , who practically emptied her bank account to donate her money to a soup kitchen . 
 stop comparing yourself to her . 
 but i could n't help it . 
 i could n't help but notice the irony in how our roles were reversed . 
 now she was the one with her shit together and i was the struggling one . 
 maybe i deserve this . 
 i shrugged at him . 
 `` are you any good ? '' 
 `` i think so , yeah . '' 
 he made an indistinct sound in his throat . 
 `` what do you do ? '' 
 `` i 'm the vp of marketing . '' 
 `` sounds fun , '' i said , echoing his deadpan tone . 
 his fingers rapped on the wood . 
 `` it 's okay , but what i really want is to become ceo . 
 my dad is retiring soon . 
 luke 's dad is safely out of the way , so that goody-goody bore definitely wo n't get the job . 
 it 's a fight between me and my four siblings . '' 
 my mouth hung open in shock . 
 safely out of the way ? 
 `` he 's dead , not safely out of the way ! '' 
 he merely shrugged at my indignation . 
 `` yeah , so ? '' 
 he said defensively . 
 `` he was a jerk . 
 even luke admits it . '' 
 will suddenly sniggered to himself in the darkness and i jumped at the noise . 
 a savage grin filled his face as he looked at me . 
 `` i could n't believe that he hired that girl just to fool his dad-spent tens of thousands on her and even after all that , his dad only left him five hundred grand . 
 what an idiot . '' 
 the backyard rang with his laughter . 
 it was such an infectious , loud laugh that i could n't help but smile . 
 the shock of something so rude being said out loud and the layer of truth within it softened how offensive it was . 
 a small giggle escaped my mouth . 
 `` i just assumed that it was something rich people did . 
 do n't have a girlfriend ? 
 go out and buy one ! '' 
 his lip curled . 
 `` not this skinny guinea . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` but i guess it gives you insight on how screwed up some rich people are . '' 
 like you ? 
 i rolled my eyes and blushed hard when he caught me . 
 the black eyes zeroed in on me . 
 `` you 're jealous . '' 
 guilt stabbed my insides . 
 `` i am not ! '' 
 `` you so are . 
 you 're practically seething with jealousy . 
 it 's okay . 
 i mean , i know luke is jealous of my brothers and me , even though he 's a rich bastard . '' 
 luke was many things , but he was not a bastard . 
 the charm of his crazy , offensive behavior was starting to wear off . 
 `` luke 's my best friend 's boyfriend . '' 
 william looked at me . 
 `` oh , sorry , '' he said , sounding completely insincere as if he said it thousands of times a day . 
 `` that explains it , though . 
 i was wondering why a chick like you would be here . '' 
 did he just insult me ? 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 he smiled at my outrage . 
 `` you 've never been to one of these parties . 
 i can tell because of how nervous you looked when you were in there . 
 that means you do n't work for us . 
 hot girl alone at a party , it raises questions . '' 
 hot girl ? 
 he was watching me ? 
 the compliments flooded my chest with warmth , but at the same time i wanted to run away from him . 
 he was so ... forward . 
 we were standing close enough to kiss and i could smell the magnetism from his body . 
 the loose tie dangled in front of my face and i took it in my hands . 
 i slid the blue silk up and readjusted it so that the knot was back on his throat . 
 i could n't look away from him . 
 not even as i took his collar and folded it over his tie . 
 his eyes burned like coals , shifting and falling . 
 `` sorry , '' i said quickly , going a bit pink . 
 i stepped back from him , starting to feel a bit suffocated by his presence . 
 `` so , you 're one of those ocd types ? '' 
 my face flushed . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you just seem like the type to get overly upset when you see a stain on someone 's shirt . 
 and the type to draw needless attention to it in a desperate attempt to shame them so that they would change clothes . '' 
 will cocked his head slightly as he watched me , waiting for me to answer . 
 my face burned at this very negative assessment . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i did n't mean to offend you . '' 
 he let out a laugh that made me feel confused . 
 `` relax , natalie . 
 i was just messing around . '' 
 i looked at him curiously . 
 he was probably the strangest man i ever met . 
 i was n't sure if i liked him much . 
 he was handsome , but he was a bit too strange and kind of insulting . 
 why is he staring at me ? 
 `` we should get coffee sometime . '' 
 the abrupt change in conversation made my head spin . 
 is he joking ? 
 from his behavior , i did n't think he was remotely interested in me . 
 either it was a poor joke or he was socially stunted . 
 i sniggered at his serious face and the deadpan delivery . 
 this has been such a weird evening . 
 william frowned at me . 
 `` well , that 's rude , '' he said , turning pink . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i gasped , clutching the rail to stay upright . 
 `` are you serious ? 
 you 've been insulting me this entire time . 
 why would i want to go anywhere with you ? '' 
 his mouth parted and for a moment he looked abashed . 
 perhaps he was n't used to being rejected . 
 `` i do n't really have a filter . 
 i do n't mean to come off like an asshole . '' 
 well , now what should i say ? 
 `` i see . '' 
 `` you know that i 'm rich , right ? '' 
 he was staring at me like i was a sea urchin . 
 `` well , i assumed so , yes . 
 and ? '' 
 will closed in on me , eyes narrowed . 
 i saw the question in his eyes : why does n't she want to go out with me ? 
 `` usually women jump at the chance to go out with me . '' 
 `` you think a lot of yourself , do n't you ? '' 
 a smile lit up his face as if i paid him a compliment . 
 `` you 're a bit cheeky . 
 i like that . '' 
 i 'm normally never like this . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` well , whatever . 
 i have everything i want . 
 anyways , i 'm not really looking for a relationship . '' 
 a part of me knew that i was incredibly stupid for saying that . 
 even if i was n't looking for a relationship , would n't it be worth it to give it a shot ? 
 just to say that i was young once and i did something wild-i went out with a billionaire . 
 suddenly , he closed in on me , trapping me against the rail . 
 whoa , this is too close . 
 my heart hammered fiercely when i looked up at his smiling face . 
 he wore a faint sprinkling of cologne that made my skin flush with heat , or perhaps it was his pretty dark eyes looking down at me as if i were a particularly delicious dessert that he was dying to taste . 
 no one ever looked at me like that . 
 `` ah , i get it now . 
 you 're still getting over some guy . 
 i can make you feel better , natalie . 
 come home with me . '' 
 he looked immensely satisfied that he had finally pinned me . 
 i was recovering from a breakup . 
 finally , i made sense to him . 
 a stroke of his finger against my cheek set my nerves ablaze . 
 jesus , he 's forward . 
 it was insanely hot , but i had no desire for a one-night stand . 
 i was n't ready for this . 
 he 's just going to throw me away as soon as he 's done with me . 
 men like him do n't want me . 
 i ducked under his arm before he could tempt me any more , his laughter making me cringe as i fled back to the party . 
 i glanced back and he was standing confidently with his arms crossed , still smiling . 
 `` i 'll see you again , natalie . '' 
 his eyes licked up and down my body like flames . 
 he 's just an asshole who wants to get laid . 
 forcing myself to turn around , i fled back inside the warmth of the house , and realized with a hot blush that i still had will 's jacket draped around my shoulders . 
 i 'll see you again , natalie . 
 damn it . 
 `` natalie , there you are ! '' 
 i recognized jessica 's voice and fixed a cheery grin on my face . 
 a soup of emotions mixed inside me as she walked over with a beaming smile on her face . 
 her golden hair , normally straight , bounced on her shoulders . 
 `` are you having fun ? 
 whose jacket is that ? '' 
 my cheeks burned . 
 `` oh , it 's some guy 's . '' 
 i pointed towards the dark figure brooding outside . 
 `` yeah , great party . 
 really great . '' 
 i took in the white glove waiters offering trays of obscure hors d'oeuvres , the live jazz band playing in the living room , the flowers , and the balloons . 
 she rolled her eyes at it all . 
 `` i know . 
 it 's a bit much . 
 i 'm still getting used to all this . '' 
 she gave me a knowing grin . 
 `` who 's that ? '' 
 my heart knocked on my ribs . 
 `` well , he says he 's luke 's cousin . 
 pretty weird guy . 
 his name is william . '' 
 jessica 's eyes went round . 
 `` oh , him . 
 yeah , luke talks about him a lot . 
 he 's the youngest of his brothers . 
 apparently , he 's a bit of a dick . '' 
 yeah , i think that i got that impression . 
 i did n't want to tell her what happened outside . 
 it had been such a strange conversation . 
 `` come say hi to luke . 
 he 's been wanting to see you . '' 
 i was dragged back into the suffocating crowd . 
 i really doubted that luke cared whether he saw me . 
 he looked immaculate in his pinstripe suit . 
 an involuntary wave of heat flushed my skin when he smiled at me . 
 jessica raced forward into his arms and i realized with a sickening feeling that he was smiling at her-not me . 
 do n't fucking crush on your best friend 's boyfriend . 
 `` natalie , how 've you been ? '' 
 i hated the undertone of concern , the wrinkles creasing around his eyes . 
 `` fine . '' 
 i knew that jessica probably told her boyfriend all about how i spent my nights sobbing into my pillow . 
 `` congratulations on your deal . '' 
 his face lit up . 
 `` thanks . 
 i never thought that it would take off like this . 
 we 're expanding the campaign worldwide , you know . '' 
 `` no , i did n't ! '' 
 i said in a horribly cheery voice . 
 jessica squeezed luke 's waist and he looked at her with an adoring expression that made me cringe . 
 he had a sad look on his face . 
 `` i just wish my dad could have seen this . '' 
 `` your dad would n't have given a rat 's ass . '' 
 a reedy voice suddenly joined the conversation and i looked to my left to see william looking utterly mad in his gray shirt , like a handsome demon . 
 he sneered at luke , who looked like he smelled something foul . 
 oh , god . 
 `` william , so nice of you to join us . '' 
 `` you all can relax , i was just joking around . '' 
 his voice suddenly matured and the sneer dropped from his face . 
 `` seriously , luke . 
 congrats . 
 i ca n't wait to begin the campaign . 
 it 's going to be great . '' 
 luke hesitated before he took will 's hand , which he shook with a slight frown on his face . 
 william , apparently at ease , looked at me and smiled warmly . 
 `` there you are ! 
 i was wondering if i 'd get my jacket back . '' 
 `` oh , sorry , '' i mumbled as i slipped it from my shoulders . 
 he helped me take it off and when i looked at him , he winked . 
 wipe that fucking smirk off your face . 
 luke wore an uncertain smile . 
 `` you know each other ? '' 
 `` i 'm taking her out to dinner tomorrow night , '' will said matter-of-factly . 
 all of them gaped at me . 
 did i hear that correctly ? 
 `` what ? '' 
 i stammered . 
 the background music sounded like it was too low . 
 our small circle ignored the party to stare at will and me . 
 he ignored the bemused looks around him and addressed me with a scorching look . 
 blood careened through my veins . 
 `` bring your portfolio . 
 i want to see your work . '' 
 `` no , '' i muttered . 
 i did n't want to see the disappointment on his face . 
 my cheeks were like embers and i walked away with jessica close on my heels . 
 oh , crap . 
 i stopped near a table with a row of glasses and i took one , frowning as jessica cornered me , looking excited . 
 `` he asked you out on a date ? '' 
 `` yeah , but i 'm not going . 
 he 's a bit strange . '' 
 i looked back at the group . 
 william and luke were exchanging words and luke looked uncharacteristically serious . 
 i could n't imagine what they were talking about . 
 i just do n't want to be hurt again . 
 and he looked like just the man who would do such a thing . 
 i tried to forget about the man i met on the way home , but he kept popping up in my head . 
 i could n't get over how weird the whole thing was-how he looked drunk but was n't , and his wildly inappropriate behavior . 
 he has issues . 
 there was something about him that made me intensely curious . 
 what kind of rich guy goes to a party looking like he had just been mugged ? 
 there was something refreshing about his open honesty , even if it was rude as hell . 
 as i dove into bed , yawning , i decided that the party had n't been so bad . 
 it had been worth it just to meet the strange man who asked me out minutes after insulting me . 
 no way , buddy . 
 then why could n't i stop thinking about him chapter 2 i went to work on monday , my mind churning with the bizarre encounter at luke 's party . 
 it was one of the weirdest conversations i ever had with a stranger . 
 briefly , it interrupted my obsessive , self-pitying thoughts and gave me something new to stew over . 
 i walked to my cubicle and caught a faint tinge of cologne and suddenly will 's fingers were stroking my face , making me hot all over . 
 `` just stop it , '' i muttered to myself . 
 `` stop what ? '' 
 my coworker , janine leaned out of her cubicle and my cheeks purpled . 
 `` oh , i was just talking to myself . 
 one of those days . '' 
 i grimaced at her and she returned the smile reluctantly . 
 my gaze returned to the email from my boss requesting a meeting at three . 
 my heart pounded . 
 what does she want to talk about ? 
 i had a feeling that i knew what it was going to be about . 
 lately , my job performance was n't at its best . 
 she sent my designs back multiple times , telling me that they lacked inspiration . 
 they were too simple . 
 she 's probably going to talk to me about it . 
 the last year killed my creativity . 
 it was n't that i had to be happy to be creative , but it was hard to think about art after cutting out a major part of my life . 
 i was physically and emotionally drained all the time . 
 oh , poor you , i imagined my mom saying . 
 poor baby . 
 shut up and work . 
 i made the finishing touches on my tablet and sent the graphic to her , hoping that she would find it acceptable . 
 two fifty-five . 
 might as well start walking over there . 
 i turned my monitor off and noticed in the black screen how pale and sickly i looked . 
 my limbs shook as i stood up and walked towards her office . 
 i kept imagining her leaning over the desk , screaming at me . 
 i wonder what this is about . 
 there was someone already in her office ; i could see their bodies behind the frosted glass . 
 the door flung open and mark , one of my colleagues , sped out of her office without a backwards glance . 
 i closed my hands to relieve some of the coldness and opened my boss ' door . 
 mary waved me in from behind her desk , looking uncharacteristically serious . 
 uh-oh . 
 does she hate my last design ? 
 `` hello , natalie . 
 have a seat . '' 
 i sat down on the seat painfully . 
 it was like being called to the principal 's office . 
 jessica and i were sent there once for throwing a boy 's jacket into the mud in middle school . 
 jessica and i debated whether we would be sent to juvenile hall while we waited outside his office . 
 i never forgot how horrified i felt . 
 the same uneasy feeling coursed through my veins . 
 `` natalie , as you know the aquarium has been experiencing declining profits and our department 's budget has been cut . 
 i 'm really sorry , but we 're going to have to let you go . '' 
 what ? 
 my insides froze as `` let you go '' wormed through my brain . 
 she 's firing me . 
 `` why me ? 
 i 've been here way longer than carrie and janine . '' 
 `` frankly , you 've lost your edge . 
 you 're frequently late and you do n't pay attention in meetings . 
 i ca n't use anything you send me anymore . 
 i will not fight for you if your designs are poor , no matter how many years you 've been here . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 she was indifferent to my emotions . 
 i could n't find the words-my world was falling apart . 
 my voice stumbled in an attempt to desperately salvage my first ever job . 
 `` i 'm sorry , miranda . 
 it 's the stress over losing ben . 
 i 'm still not over him . 
 please give me another chance ! '' 
 her face creased . 
 `` natalie , it 's almost been a year . 
 i quite understand that break-ups are painful , but it should n't have affected your job like this . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i would keep you , but we just do n't have the budget . '' 
 first my relationship and now my career . 
 how did everything fall apart so neatly ? 
 miranda was immune to my tears-i was just another casualty of the failing economy , a lackluster employee who finally was cut loose . 
 ignoring her outstretched hand , i turned around and bolted from her office like a coward . 
 what else was there to do but empty out my desk and go home ? 
 i did n't want to face my coworkers and hear their sympathies . 
 i wanted to drown myself in a bottle of tequila . 
 do n't be stupid . 
 your designs are good . 
 you 'll find another job , easily . 
 but i turned down an interview at apple six months ago . 
 cringing , stinking fear always kept me from advancing my career . 
 i was convinced that i was never good enough . 
 it 's only a matter of time before i fuck up , just like today . 
 `` natalie ? 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 a photo of ben and i sat on my desk , its metallic frame grinning . 
 fuck you . 
 it 's all your fault . 
 i hurled it into the trashcan . 
 my arm swept all of the unnecessary crap on my desk into the trash . 
 was there anything i should salvage ? 
 i shoved my coffee mug in my purse . 
 `` natalie ! '' 
 janine poked her head around my cubicle and i dissolved into tears when i saw the concern on her face . 
 `` i was laid off . '' 
 `` oh my gosh . 
 natalie , i 'm so sorry . '' 
 i waved it off and dried my eyes on my sleeve . 
 the box of tissues was buried deep in the trash . 
 another surge of violent heat seared through my veins . 
 i was so sick of tissues , so sick of crying all the time . 
 `` you 'll find something else . '' 
 she placed a tentative hand on my shoulder , which i ignored . 
 i ripped open my drawers and crammed the files i wanted to keep into my already overfilled purse . 
 `` we should go out for a drink or something . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 i did n't think i could handle dozens of people saying how very sorry they were , and how they were sure i would find something else . 
 not today . 
 `` sorry , janine . 
 i just want to get out of here . '' 
 maybe there was a bit too much bitterness in my voice . 
 ugly thoughts swam in my head as i gazed back at her . 
 i had seniority over janine , but that did n't matter . 
 her eyes shined with nauseating pity . 
 `` you 'll come back , wo n't you ? '' 
 shouldering my purse , i shrugged at her and walked out of the office . 
 i slammed the elevator button as i thought what i should do . 
 telling my best friend what happened was my first instinct , but i knew it would give me little comfort to have her look into my eyes with the same pitying expression i used to give her . 
 it was embarrassing . 
 poor natalie . 
 you have so many problems . 
 supportive , middle class upbringing . 
 zero student loans or credit card debt . 
 christ , i would never measure up to her . 
 the problem with having a best friend like her was that we could never see eye to eye . 
 how could jessica ever sympathize with someone like me ? 
 knowing about her shitty childhood made me feel like i did n't have a right to be unhappy . 
 maybe i would just go home and visit my parents for the weekend . 
 i thought longingly of home : the oak trees , the ranch-style house where i grew up , the sparkling pool , the sunshine pouring through the kitchen , the comfortable beds , and mom 's cooking . 
 what would mom say ? 
 i chewed my lip the whole way home . 
 dad will be angry . 
 he never really supported my decision to major in graphic design . 
 graphic designers were a dime a dozen , and competition was fierce . 
 unless you got lucky , it did n't pay very well . 
 but that was n't the point . 
 i majored in it because i loved how something simple as a logo could evoke the aura of an entire company and become so widespread that it was part of culture itself . 
 every decision of color , font , no matter how small-was monumental . 
 sure it was commercial , but it was still art . 
 somehow , i lost sight of that . 
 i forgot about making art . 
 i was just going through the motions . 
 i shot off a quick text to jessica , explaining what happened and where i was going . 
 my phone vibrated and lit up with a call that i knew was from her . 
 the phone blared with its merry tune until it fell silent and died . 
 i just did n't feel like talking about it . 
 i picked it up and my face reflected in the dark glass . 
 then i called my mom . 
 * * * `` i do n't understand . 
 why did they fire you ? '' 
 the fork clattered loudly against the ceramic plate . 
 frustration boiled my blood , but i did n't raise my voice . 
 `` i was not fired . 
 laid off . 
 there 's a difference . 
 i did n't do anything wrong . '' 
 mom and dad sat around me on the dark , rectangular kitchen table ; their aged faces basked in orange light . 
 the kitchen was unique because half of its walls were made of glass . 
 as a result , the kitchen gleamed with light even though it was five in the evening . 
 the whole house was always filled with sunshine and usually i preferred it for that reason . 
 it contrasted heavily against my gloomy apartment . 
 the change in scenery did nothing to alleviate my mood . 
 dad gave me a doubtful look that made me grind my teeth together . 
 `` you obviously did something wrong if they got rid of you and not the newer hires . '' 
 that 's true . 
 i shoved the doubt away . 
 `` there are plenty of jobs on linkedin . 
 i 'm going to call my agency on monday . '' 
 my mother swiveled in her chair to talk to dad . 
 `` maybe it was because she took so many days off for that girl . '' 
 bored , i looked up from my plate to glare at her . 
 her tactics were as subtle as a flying brick . 
 it took me years to understand them . 
 `` you know her name-jessica . 
 she 's only been my best friend since i was thirteen . 
 and no , it was n't because of that . '' 
 `` maybe if you were n't spending so much time helping her , your life would n't be such a mess . '' 
 `` tom ! '' 
 the snappy comment really took me off guard . 
 i could feel dad 's disappointment rolling from him like heat lamp . 
 both of them took to ben very well . 
 he was a hotshot lawyer with a good salary , successful , handsome-he was everything they wanted for me . 
 sometimes , i wondered why ben was attracted to me at all . 
 i did n't have the best looks . 
 dishwater blonde hair and boring , brown eyes , with smallish boobs that made me feel insecure as hell . 
 i was n't anything special . 
 it was plain from the look on dad 's face that he thought i would never find someone like him again . 
 `` i do n't regret helping jessica . 
 look at her now-look how far she 's gone . 
 i 'm happy for her . '' 
 are you , though ? 
 `` that girl was always a bad influence . 
 i never liked that you hung around her so much . 
 she used you to help herself . 
 how is she helping you now ? '' 
 the beef stir-fry was subject to my rage . 
 i stabbed the beef and popped it into my mouth . 
 `` she is setting me up on a date . '' 
 `` well , it 's the least she can do after destroying your relationship . '' 
 `` she did n't destroy anything ! '' 
 i roared . 
 `` i broke up with ben-not her . 
 i do n't know what the hell is wrong with you both ! '' 
 dad 's angry face made me feel like i was ten years old . 
 i wanted to apologize and run to my room . 
 my cheeks flushed and i bowed my head , wishing i could take what i said back . 
 `` do n't talk to us that way . 
 it 's not our fault you decided to go into art instead of applying to dental school . 
 waste of money ! 
 twenty grand a year-and the dorms-for what ? 
 for you to make as much as a guidance counselor ? '' 
 blurriness blinded my vision . 
 how could my own father be so hateful ? 
 `` dental school was your dream , not mine ! 
 do n't make me feel bad because i decided to do something that would make me happy ! '' 
 `` you think jobs are supposed to make you happy ? 
 it 's a job ! 
 you go to work , you do the bullshit , and on the weekends you can do the things you enjoy . '' 
 `` natalie , you were not happy at the aquarium . 
 you 've wasted your education on a job that did n't even pay well - '' i did n't want to hear anymore , even if they were right . 
 `` i 'm leaving ! '' 
 grabbing my purse from the granite countertop , i stormed outside and got back into my car . 
 the tires squealed as i backed out of there , determined not to come back for a very long time . 
 i could almost hear the conversation that they must be having : she was always so spoiled , so ungrateful . 
 we did everything for that girl and she 's acting like such a baby . 
 the car soared on the highway . 
 my phone screamed the whole way home and i fought the urge to hurl it out of the window . 
 self-doubt plagued me . 
 are they right ? 
 am i wasting my time in this career ? 
 i was in a pretty crappy mood by the time i arrived at my apartment-an apartment that always lowered my spirits whenever i crossed its threshold , because it was so dark and dingy and crappy . 
 very little natural light made it through the windows and the carpet was disgusting . 
 there was carpet everywhere , even in the bathroom . 
 it drove me mad . 
 we need to move out of this place . 
 jessica was perched on the leather couch that sat in our living room . 
 it was brand new . 
 every time i saw it , i blinked at how out of place it looked in our crapartment . 
 her blonde hair was gathered in a ponytail and she turned her head to look at me with a shrugging , sympathetic grimace on her face . 
 `` hey . '' 
 sighing , i joined her on the couch . 
 `` went to my parents ' house . 
 i do n't know why i keep going back there . '' 
 `` really sorry about your job . '' 
 i waved her off in the same way that i waved off janine at work . 
 `` i do n't care too much . 
 yeah , it 's a blow to my ego , but it 's not the end of the world . '' 
 `` well , that 's good . '' 
 the tone of her voice suggested that she did n't exactly believe my nonchalant tone . 
 `` by the way , luke came through . 
 you 've a date tomorrow in berkeley . '' 
 oh , god . 
 the last thing i wanted was to go on a date . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 my fingers plucked the leather armrest . 
 `` i think you should go . 
 it 'll take your mind off things . 
 his name is charlie . 
 he 's really nice . '' 
 the slow drip of depression obliterated everything it came in contact with , including my desire to do , well-anything . 
 `` you 're in a rut . 
 you 've got to force yourself to get out there . 
 you 'll feel better , eventually . '' 
 `` i 'm going to look for jobs . 
 you can text me his number . '' 
 exhaustion settled in my limbs , but i forced myself to walk to my room and sit down in front of my computer . 
 i spent an hour browsing the graphic designer jobs i found on linkedin and shot my resume to a few of them . 
 it really was n't the end of the world , but i never felt as unsatisfied with my life as i did then . 
 * * * i chewed my lip as i searched the small , ethiopian restaurant for charlie . 
 having no idea what he looked like , my heart kept a frightening tempo behind my ribs . 
 what if he 's ugly ? 
 or boring ? 
 there was still the old standby in case things got unbearable , the transparent ` my friend has a crisis and i must leave immediately ' routine . 
 jessica promised to call me with an `` emergency '' if i gave the go ahead . 
 the aroma from all the food was mouth-watering . 
 steam swirled into the air from hot plates like calligraphy and the ceiling held sweeping , colorful drapes of cloth . 
 this feels more like a richly decorated tent than a restaurant . 
 `` excuse me , are you natalie ? '' 
 a slightly chubby man extended his hand and i took it , instantly detached . 
 he was nice looking . 
 brown hair and eyes . 
 unremarkable . 
 `` yes , it 's nice to meet you . '' 
 `` thanks for suggesting this . 
 i do n't really eat out often . '' 
 we sat at a cramped table and i hid behind the menu . 
 already knowing that this was n't going to work out , i decided that i was just going to enjoy a pleasant evening . 
 you spoke to him for three seconds and you 've already written him off ? 
 `` what do you do ? '' 
 the boring , stilted conversation of all first dates started forward on trembling legs . 
 i could feel myself pulling back with every word . 
 drawing answers from him was like pulling teeth-it was as if he expected me to talk for the entire time . 
 the tall , thin waitress appeared at my elbow and i ordered the lamb and an ethiopian beer . 
 without the menu , there was no distraction . 
 we looked at each other for a few brief seconds , then my gaze wandered over the artwork on the walls . 
 a door opening brought in a blast of cold air and my teeth chattered . 
 an insolent voice talked to the hostess , and i dragged my attention back towards charlie . 
 `` what kind of movies do you like ? '' 
 `` um - '' a man walked along our table and stood in front of us . 
 i waited for him to leave , perhaps he was only getting out of the way of a waitress , but he stood there . 
 i glanced up his torso and jumped . 
 it was will . 
 this time , he was dressed in a black wool sweater and dark jeans , his hair groomed back . 
 it was amazing how handsome he looked when he put in a little effort . 
 he gave me a pleasant smile and then looked down at charlie with an indiscernible expression on his face . 
 he threw down a small pile of hundred dollar bills . 
 my eyes widened . 
 `` clear off , '' he barked at charlie . 
 charlie looked vaguely offended . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he blew air impatiently . 
 `` just take the money and leave . 
 now . '' 
 my heart pounded as charlie fingered the one hundred dollar bills . 
 there were five hundred dollars there . 
 would he take the bribe ? 
 i would . 
 his muddy eyes slid towards mine guiltily and i pressed my lips into a firm line . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 he gathered them in his fist and stood up to leave . 
 do n't be . 
 i was getting bored anyways . 
 the dark-haired man smirked triumphantly as charlie swept from the table . 
 he reached out and pulled the chair back and took the other man 's place . 
 he smiled at me as if this was the most normal thing in the world . 
 he just threw almost my month 's rent at my date to get him to leave the table . 
 is this a rich people thing ? 
 i could n't believe the fucking gall of this guy . 
 `` you ca n't just-how did you even find me ? '' 
 he rolled his eyes at me . 
 `` oh , please . 
 i did you a favor . 
 both of you looked bored . 
 besides , that money was fake . '' 
 i choked into my glass of beer . 
 `` are you crazy ? 
 he could get in a lot of trouble if he deposits it . '' 
 `` serves him right for accepting a bribe . '' 
 he waved over the waitress . 
 `` i 'll have tea . '' 
 what an ass . 
 i should be a lot angrier . 
 `` are you stalking me ? '' 
 i hissed when she left with his order . 
 `` nope . 
 just overheard things at the workplace , you know how it is . '' 
 he sighed as if he had a long day and looked at me with the hungry expression that first drew me to him . 
 `` you look beautiful , by the way . '' 
 i flushed with pleasure and suddenly , the restaurant was too warm . 
 i was stunned and flattered that he tracked me down all the way to berkeley to-what ? 
 why was he here ? 
 my anger stumbled . 
 `` thank you , that 's very sweet . 
 you look great yourself . '' 
 i wanted to make a barb about his appearance the other day , but i stopped myself . 
 one dark eye winked at me . 
 `` what is this place ? '' 
 `` it 's an ethiopian restaurant . '' 
 will gawked as the waitress placed a huge platter in front of us , which was covered with a flattened , round piece of bread . 
 the entrees were dropped directly on the bread in steaming piles . 
 there were no utensils and i could see william quietly freaking out about it . 
 `` what the hell-how are we supposed to eat this ? '' 
 `` you eat it with your hands . '' 
 i pointed to the bowl of rolled spongy bread . 
 i took one and tore off a piece . 
 using the bread , i picked up the food and ate it . 
 the lamb fell apart in my mouth , the rich spices making my tongue dance . 
 it was delicious . 
 he raised an eyebrow . 
 `` strange choice for a first date . '' 
 `` if you do n't like it , i can always call charlie back . 
 at least he was excited to try it . '' 
 it was strange how comfortable i felt around him . 
 being around luke usually had me tongue-tied , but william was completely different . 
 he was strange , but not exactly intimidating . 
 `` not a chance , '' he frowned . 
 `` are you afraid to get your hands dirty ? '' 
 rich boy ? 
 his nostrils flared as if he smelled a challenge and promptly rolled up his sleeves . 
 will gave me an `` i 'll show you ! '' 
 expression as he grabbed a roll of bread and picked up food with a piece . 
 he brightened the moment the food passed his lips . 
 `` wow , this is really good . '' 
 apparently , his revulsion with eating with his hands was overcome by how delicious it was . 
 he dove back in with gusto . 
 all right , enough of the niceties . 
 `` why are you here ? '' 
 he paused to lean in a little bit with that secret smile that i loathed , the one that could see through all my bullshit . 
 just looking at him made my skin burn . 
 `` i wanted to see you again . 
 i usually get what i want . '' 
 `` i 'll bet that you do , but i 'm still not interested . '' 
 a flush crept up my neck but i did n't look away from his narrowed eyes . 
 his cocky attitude was wearing thin . 
 will 's tossed his head angrily and looked at me like he could hardly believe that someone so stubborn existed . 
 `` well , i 'm not interested in you , either . 
 you 're a bit too uptight for my taste . '' 
 ouch . 
 `` i 'm in no mood to be bullied . '' 
 he saw the frown on my face and shrugged . 
 `` hey , i 'm just being honest . 
 you turned me down in front of those people . '' 
 a sad little smile appeared at the corner of his mouth . 
 i sighed and dropped my gaze , feeling guilty despite myself . 
 `` i just broke up with my fiance of six years . 
 i 'm not over - '' `` i do n't give a crap about your ex , '' he interrupted . 
 `` i do n't need to hear about it . 
 luke told me you broke up almost a year ago . 
 told me to stay away from you . '' 
 he smiled to himself . 
 `` naturally , that just made me want to see you even more . '' 
 never had i met someone so unapologetically blunt . 
 an invisible knife sank into my ribs , puncturing my lungs of air . 
 i was mortified by what luke said . 
 `` he said that ? 
 why ? '' 
 a ripple of anger went through me . 
 what , am i so pathetic that i ca n't handle a guy like him ? 
 do they think for one second that i do n't know what he wants from me ? 
 `` maybe he wanted to protect me from you . 
 he thinks you 'll hurt me . '' 
 `` maybe he does n't want a rift forming between his girlfriend and her best friend . 
 maybe he thinks it 'll create problems between them both . 
 i do n't know and i do n't care . '' 
 what could i say to that ? 
 i stammered as i looked at the table . 
 `` why the hell did you come here ? '' 
 `` i might have an opening in my department for a talented graphic designer . '' 
 he winked at me . 
 a job offering ? 
 that 's why he came all the way here ? 
 that made me deflate a little . 
 i thought that there would be a more romantic reason . 
 `` oh , '' i said . 
 `` oh ? 
 that 's it ? 
 i represent a multi-billion dollar company and that 's all you have to say ? '' 
 well , i was a little disappointed that i completely misread the reason why he drove all the way to the east bay . 
 he was oddly contained , as if he laughed inwardly from a private joke . 
 is he fucking with me ? 
 `` i just thought that ... '' i blushed and did n't finish the sentence under his intense stare . 
 `` it 's a bit strange to drive all the way here just to talk about a job . 
 on a saturday . 
 you could have emailed me . '' 
 `` there are a lot of natalie porters on linkedin , '' he said gruffly . 
 `` and i 'm impulsive . '' 
 it was strange that i felt so upset that he changed his mind about me . 
 what is it about me that is so horrible ? 
 my mother would be able to tell me in a few seconds flat . 
 i felt an incredible urge to look into his eyes and ask him . 
 he would tell me , but did i want to hear the answer ? 
 at least there was a silver lining in all of this . 
 working for pardini worldwide would be an incredible opportunity for me . 
 i could n't pass it up , no matter how weird william was . 
 `` well , what 's the job ? '' 
 `` ah-ah , '' he tutted . 
 `` not yet . 
 i want to get to know you first . '' 
 taken aback , i leaned into my chair . 
 `` okay . 
 what do you want to know ? '' 
 `` do you get drunk often ? '' 
 my mouth hung open . 
 `` that is n't any of - '' i stopped as he gave me a sharp look . 
 `` i do n't get drunk . 
 that ended in my sophomore year of college . 
 i 'll have a beer or a glass of wine occasionally . '' 
 he nodded approvingly . 
 `` how do you feel about cats ? '' 
 `` cats ? 
 um , they 're okay , i guess ? '' 
 `` do n't answer a question with a question , '' he barked . 
 `` they 're nice , '' i said with a bit of an edge . 
 `` tell me about a difficult person you interacted with . '' 
 you . 
 i glared at him , and then realized i probably should look friendlier to my potential boss . 
 `` well , there was this one guy at work who - '' '' - never mind . 
 i hate boring questions . 
 what do you do on weekends ? '' 
 nothing . 
 a stinging feeling dug into my brain . 
 i was tired of being interrupted . 
 `` i hang out with my friends , i see movies , go shopping . '' 
 will was looking more and more bored with my answers . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` why what ? '' 
 he 's starting to piss me off . 
 `` why do you want this position ? '' 
 i gave a frustrated laugh . 
 `` how am i supposed to answer that when i do n't even know what the job is ? '' 
 will glanced up coolly . 
 `` you 're supposed to kiss my ass and tell me how wonderful my company is . '' 
 `` do you want ass-kissers to work for you ? '' 
 he raised an eyebrow . 
 `` no . 
 good point . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` what would you do if your head of department screamed at you in the hallway ? '' 
 `` probably nothing , '' i murmured without thinking . 
 gathering from will 's extremely shocked expression , i realized i said the wrong thing . 
 `` well , uh-obviously , that 's a really unprofessional thing to - '' `` wow , that says a lot about you , '' he chuckled . 
 heat flushed my face . 
 this was really unfair . 
 he gave me no time to prepare . 
 `` you really blind-sided me with this interview . 
 i do n't know what you expected . 
 i do n't even know what the job is ! '' 
 i slammed my fist on the table , making our glasses rattle . 
 he coughed . 
 `` i guess that answers that for how easily you can be provoked . '' 
 i simmered as he gave me another grin . 
 this could n't possibly be real . 
 `` i 'm getting the feeling that this entire thing is your idea of a sick joke . '' 
 i threw my napkin on the table and grabbed my purse , feeling close to tears as i got up and stormed out of the restaurant . 
 everyone 's always laughing at me-i wo n't take it anymore . 
 i wo n't deal with this . 
 all i wanted was to eat my meal in peace , to have a nice evening with him . 
 half-crying , i walked forward blindly on the rain-soaked streets , not caring where the hell i was going . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 heavy footsteps jogged next to me and i did n't need to look to see who it was . 
 `` natalie , hold on for a second ! '' 
 rough fingers encircled my arm and stopped my rapid escape to my car . 
 william stood under a streetlight , his normally handsome features harsh under the glare . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , i did n't mean to insult you . 
 this definitely is n't a joke . '' 
 he spoke in a slow , clear voice . 
 `` i have an unorthodox way of interviewing people to see if they 'll be a good fit . 
 it was just a stress interview . '' 
 i nodded and pressed my lips firmly together . 
 suddenly , i felt a lump in my throat and my eyes were stinging . 
 well , i guess i failed his test spectacularly . 
 `` ah , shit . 
 do n't be upset . '' 
 i heard him lean forward and then his fingers were at my throat , sweeping upward until they gently clasped my chin and tilted it up . 
 my first instinct was to pull away , to shout , because it was such an invasion of my boundaries . 
 instead , i melted into his hand . 
 the need to be touched overwhelmed my pride . 
 i could n't look at him because i knew i would see pity in his eyes and that would be enough to shove me over the edge . 
 dark , self-critical thoughts raged inside me , most of them with the voices of my parents . 
 you 'll never find someone . 
 `` i 'm really sorry . 
 please do n't be upset . '' 
 do n't let go of me . 
 i shook my head . 
 my face felt like it was about to burst . 
 `` it 's not you . 
 i 'm just having a hard time . '' 
 i 'm just lonely as hell and overly emotional these days . 
 `` natalie , '' he began in a gentle voice . 
 `` you 'll get over this . 
 i promise . '' 
 i finally looked at him , my hands clinging to his hands , which were still wrapped around my face . 
 his gaze was warm and i knew that he felt for me ; he understood the darkness swirling inside my head and knew that it was n't about him . 
 i choked a bit from the strength blazing in his eyes and a single tear rolled down my face , but his thumb caught it and stroked my cheek , almost as if he adored me . 
 no , he was just being kind to the strange , sad girl he had been interested in . 
 `` take care of yourself . '' 
 his body heat left me abruptly as he backed away , his hands dropping from my face . 
 i could n't even utter a goodbye . 
 i just stared at this magnificent , strange man and i felt my heart ripped out when he turned around and walked away . 
 wait ! 
 come back ! 
 my body screamed for him . 
 i felt myself shaking in the cold with the absence of his heat , but i lacked the courage to run after him . 
 chapter 3 natalie , i 've been thinking about you these last few weeks . 
 i still ca n't believe it 's been eight months since - the lid of my laptop snapped shut before i read the rest of the email . 
 i hunched over my desk and bit my nails into my palms . 
 ben reached out to me . 
 i could n't believe it . 
 at first , i felt a wild happiness , but a tidal wave of nerves quickly drowned it . 
 i 'm just starting to move on . 
 i flicked away a crumb from my desk . 
 then came the rage . 
 he decides to email me now ? 
 after he 's dated how many women ? 
 i did n't want to read the rest of it . 
 not yet . 
 laughter sounded from the living room . 
 a pair of voices talked loudly as they walked into our apartment . 
 they must be back from dinner . 
 resigning myself to an evening of watching luke and jessica fawn over each other , i got up from my chair and joined them . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 jessica 's blonde ponytail whipped around . 
 luke stood in the kitchen , uncorking some wine . 
 i always wondered what he thought when he visited our apartment . 
 i wondered if he could n't wait to get away . 
 to return to his mansion . 
 maybe he found our peasant life charming . 
 `` hello , luke . '' 
 `` how was your date ? '' 
 jessica grinned at me . 
 let me see . 
 after i calmed down , i realized how embarrassing it had been . 
 it was a complete disaster . 
 a date with a stranger turned into an interview with will , and somehow i had a complete meltdown . 
 i burst into laughter as i thought of charlie pounding the atm machine when it spat back the counterfeit bills . 
 `` um , well-the date was interrupted by will . '' 
 `` will who ? '' 
 `` your cousin . '' 
 luke 's face darkened . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` he showed up and paid charlie to leave the table . '' 
 another burst of laughter left my throat at both of their expressions . 
 i summoned the energy to walk to the kitchen table and clutched one of the chairs , weakened by laughter . 
 even the fact that i left the date in tears seemed kind of hilarious . 
 jessica made a wordless `` wow , '' but luke looked like his temple was about to explode . 
 `` i do n't know how he found me , '' i shrugged , looking at luke pointedly . 
 for a moment i thought he was going to smash the wine bottle . 
 `` i 'm sorry , natalie , '' he apologized , red-faced . 
 `` he kept hassling me for your number at work and i told him you were going on a date with someone else . '' 
 the fact that he had the nerve to harass luke at work made me smile . 
 `` do n't apologize , '' i said , sobering immediately . 
 `` it was n't so bad . '' 
 i did n't tell them about the job offer or the interview . 
 i wanted to take that secret to my grave , but i could n't forget how he made me feel , how he seemed to understand what i was going through . 
 `` he seems like a really nice person . 
 sort of . '' 
 but luke was shaking his head , looking furious with himself . 
 `` natalie , there are a lot of things you do n't know about him . 
 he 's not a nice guy . 
 he 's a huge mess . 
 a couple years ago , he - '' he colored and suddenly fell silent . 
 `` he what ? '' 
 i prompted . 
 `` i really should n't say . 
 it 's not for me to tell you . 
 but , just believe me-he has a host of issues that you really do n't want to deal with . '' 
 my lungs froze . 
 what did it matter , really ? 
 i 'll probably never see him again . 
 i scared him off . 
 the thought that will was somehow harboring a terrible secret made me feel intrigued instead of cautious . 
 i sat down at the kitchen table , luke avoiding my eyes . 
 `` so ? '' 
 jessica said aggressively . 
 `` i had-still have-a ton of issues myself . 
 why should n't she give him a chance ? '' 
 our eyes met and i felt a rush of affection for my friend . 
 that 's true . 
 his eyes darted to the women united against him . 
 a nervous chuckle left his mouth , knowing he was overruled . 
 `` do n't - it 's not the same at all . '' 
 but his girlfriend was n't going to let him off that easily . 
 `` how is it not the same ? '' 
 a pin could have dropped in the kitchen and i would have heard it clearly . 
 luke 's mouth faltered . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 it 's not my place . 
 i 'm sure he 'll tell you eventually . '' 
 well , now i just have to know . 
 `` and when he does , natalie can decide for herself if she wants to date him . '' 
 feeling bad for luke , i leaned over and patted his shoulder . 
 `` i 'm sure luke just thinks he 's trying to help . 
 anyway , do n't worry about it . 
 it did n't really end well so i doubt i 'll see him again . '' 
 he blew out his cheeks , looking relieved . 
 `` do n't google his name , natalie . 
 i 'm serious . 
 even if it 's unlikely you 'll see him again . '' 
 jessica swatted his arm . 
 `` well now how is she supposed to stop herself from doing that ? 
 stop putting ideas in her head . '' 
 she squealed as he suddenly pulled her onto his lap and kissed her cheek . 
 a flutter of awkwardness swept my insides . 
 i always felt like i was walking in on something private around them . 
 i wonder if she felt like that around ben and me . 
 probably . 
 i was reminded of something william mentioned . 
 `` luke , how is it with that side of the family ? 
 he mentioned that he was in the race to be ceo . '' 
 with jessica in his arms , he gave a derisive laugh . 
 `` i will be really , really surprised if he gets it . 
 he 's a bit of a loose cannon . '' 
 considering how disrespectful will was when he talked about luke , i could n't exactly muster the energy to be angry on will 's behalf . 
 i could detect a faint note of bitterness coming from luke 's voice . 
 was he upset that his father 's death ruled him out of the hierarchy of the company ? 
 `` i could see things getting really ugly between all of them when uncle dominic resigns . 
 did you know that he tried to sell my share of the company without my knowledge ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i hissed as i looked at jessica 's grim face . 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 he controls all the trusts and he wanted to sell all of the shares . 
 i 'm in the middle of a lawsuit with him , actually , '' his voice trembled . 
 what a horrible family . 
 `` i 'm really sorry . '' 
 `` ah , do n't be . 
 once this is over , i 'm cutting off ties with all of them . '' 
 i spent the rest of the evening boiling over everything luke said-or had n't said . 
 the unread email burned in my mind and i knew that i would n't be able to stop myself from reading it when i went to bed . 
 my mind burned all night . 
 what was the horrible thing william had done ? 
 i wished luke had n't mentioned it . 
 kicking the chair back from my desk , i sank down and reopened the laptop . 
 - we broke up . 
 can we please talk ? 
 i really need to get some things off my chest . 
 maybe we could for lunch ? 
 i could meet you at embarcadero . 
 please , natalie . 
 call me . 
 - ben a flurry of emotions whirled inside me like a snowstorm . 
 all of a sudden , i remembered with aching clarity how much i loved ben . 
 my finger tapped on the reply button and hovered hesitantly over the keys . 
 i needed to see him one more time to find out if i was okay with moving on . 
 * * * early wednesday , my agency called to tell me that i had a job offer already and that i needed to meet the client in the city . 
 today . 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 `` the client has requested anonymity for now , but it 's important that you make it today . '' 
 i was also meeting ben in the city-i finally caved and sent him an email . 
 i did n't tell jessica about it yet . 
 i had the feeling that she would disapprove , even if she forgave him . 
 `` believe me , you want to go to this interview . 
 this is a very competitive salary for a client who is-well , just get here . '' 
 intrigued , i agreed to meet whomever it was at eleven at my agency . 
 mentally , i patted myself on the back for finding a job so quickly . 
 i was meeting ben later at one , so this might work out perfectly . 
 though the agency always made sure to have copies of my portfolio on hand , i brought one with me anyways . 
 my heels stumbled over the cracks in the pavement near the bart station and i almost twisted my ankle . 
 fuck . 
 i really need to move from this place . 
 i only tolerated living here because of jessica . 
 she was my best friend and she was broke , so i helped her out by moving to a section 8 complex . 
 there were a lot of months that i paid for her rent . 
 those days were over , though . 
 jessica had a good salary and she paid me back every cent she ever owed me-plus interest . 
 the lease was coming up in a couple months and i had no idea what would happen . 
 would she move in with luke ? 
 it struck like a gong inside me . 
 i wanted to cling onto my best friend , but at the same time we were both growing up . 
 growing up or growing apart ? 
 the metro screamed towards me , the cacophony of screeching metal making my teeth grind . 
 i moved gratefully into the warm car and took a seat in the back . 
 my nerves were on high alert the whole way into the city . 
 it 's been so long since i had an interview . 
 i was heartily glad that i was meeting ben afterwards . 
 if it went badly , at least i was already done with the interview . 
 it had been ages since i stepped foot in my graphic design firm . 
 i walked with some difficulty toward union square after leaving the bart , surrounded by hordes of tourists shopping at all the clothing stores . 
 i opened the white doors to cliff graphic design and approached the desk , my already tired legs shaking . 
 `` good morning . '' 
 the receptionist gave me a friendly smile , which i returned feebly . 
 `` i have a meeting at eleven . '' 
 `` ah , yes . 
 natalie porter ? 
 right , go up stairs and it 's the second room on the left . 
 he requested a conference room . '' 
 i swallowed and nodded , thanking the receptionist before heading towards the elevator . 
 i did n't think i could handle a flight of stairs right now . 
 what 's the problem ? 
 do n't be so nervous . 
 the reflection in the shiny , metallic walls looked slightly ill . 
 i stood straighter and wiped my hands over my slacks . 
 get it together . 
 whoever the client was , my agency seemed excited about them . 
 i could n't wait to find out who they were . 
 the elevator doors opened and a massive seizure gripped my heart . 
 i stepped out and walked down the hall , shoving open the door boldly . 
 i forgot to knock - a man with black , styled hair and hollow cheeks dressed in a smart , coal-grey suit looked up at me from the table and grinned . 
 it took a moment for me to recognize him as william . 
 he was so stunning that he looked like one of those unapproachable men i sometimes saw walking down the street in the city ; the men who managed to make every female head they passed turn their way . 
 a lightning bolt shot up my arm . 
 all the feelings i 'd buried from the other night returned in full force . 
 `` will ! 
 ah-i have a meeting with a client . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm the client , '' he said baldly . 
 i looked down at his calm , satisfied face and had no idea what he wanted from me . 
 when he left that night , he said , `` take care of yourself , '' and i took that to mean that i 'd never see him again . 
 `` is this a game to you ? '' 
 `` no , '' he said in a grim voice . 
 `` please , sit down . '' 
 my whole body was shaking so badly that i could barely stand . 
 i could n't believe the nerve of this guy that he would actually screw around with my schedule like this just to-what ? 
 what the hell did he want , now ? 
 did n't i fail his ridiculous interview ? 
 his face was shrewd as he looked at me . 
 i glanced at the desk , saw my portfolio spread in front of him , and my stomach clenched . 
 `` i wanted to offer you a position as a contractor . 
 it 's a temporary position that we need to fill for luke 's bed and breakfast campaign . 
 we 're going to review the sites in person , and if they qualify they 'll join the pardini hotel chain . '' 
 my ears were ringing . 
 `` you want me to work for you ? 
 why ? '' 
 a flicker of surprise crossed his face . 
 `` because you 're a talented artist . 
 i got in touch with your agency and went through your designs . 
 you 're perfect for this job . '' 
 perfect . 
 that was not a word people used to describe me . 
 it was so confusing . 
 `` but i thought that you decided not to hire me . '' 
 `` you 're the only one i can see myself getting along with . '' 
 he scanned me , his eyes darting back and forth . 
 he 's joking , right ? 
 i could n't help but laugh . 
 `` at dinner the other night , that was ` getting along ' to you ? '' 
 `` compared to the others i interviewed , yeah . '' 
 he leaned across the table , his black tie dragging over it . 
 `` it 's a real job , natalie . 
 i looked at your portfolio and i was impressed . 
 the job consists of you visiting these inns in the uk , france , and italy . 
 we need a graphic designer for the pamphlets and mailing lists . 
 as the vp , i need to oversee the campaign and make sure it 's running smoothly . '' 
 i burned all over . 
 was he suggesting what i thought he was ? 
 so , we 'd travel together ? 
 `` how much ? '' 
 he leaned back and cocked his head , giving me a smile that made my whole body hum with excitement . 
 `` ten thousand dollars for a few weeks seems more than fair . 
 all of your travel arrangements and meals will be taken care of . 
 the contract is short , but if the executives love your work , '' he shrugged , `` you may be offered a full-time position . '' 
 the executives ? 
 you mean , yourself ? 
 nevertheless , my mouth watered . 
 i always wanted to go to italy . 
 he smirked at me , knowing full well that he was dangling a fat , juicy carrot in front of my face . 
 i snapped back to myself . 
 `` why me ? 
 seriously . 
 i really doubt that you need employees you get along with . '' 
 he suddenly reached over and grasped my wrist . 
 his thumb ran up and down , tracing my veins . 
 `` no , but i 'd rather go with you . '' 
 i snatched it away , the huskiness in his voice making my face hot . 
 `` do n't lie to me . '' 
 `` do you really think it 's that far-fetched that i might be attracted to you ? '' 
 yes , i thought to myself , but admitting that would be a bit pathetic . 
 `` i 'm getting very mixed signals from you . 
 you said you were n't interested in me , now all of a sudden you want to go on a three week trip with me ? '' 
 he looked at me , his eyes blazing . 
 `` you 're not my usual type , but i like the fact that you 're so open . 
 you were so sad at the party . 
 you did n't even try to hide it . 
 everyone could see how miserable you were , but you did n't care . '' 
 that was news to me . 
 my whole body felt unpleasantly hot . 
 it was incredibly embarrassing , but it was true . 
 he was saying things that no polite person would ever say out loud , but he said them with respect in his voice . 
 `` at the restaurant , too . 
 you sort of lost it . '' 
 i had a flash of anger for the well-dressed , rich man sitting across the table , dishing out judgment towards me . 
 i did n't want to hear this shit . 
 `` i know that i 'm a fucking mess and i do n't need to be reminded of it . '' 
 he leaned across the table suddenly and grabbed both my arms . 
 `` what 're you - '' `` natalie , i 'm trying to say that we are very alike . 
 you turned me down and that intrigued me . '' 
 the fact that i could have anything in common with a billionaire was absurd , and yet william was n't the polished , put together person i would 've expected from the pardini family . 
 my arms had dark imprints where he grabbed me . 
 he sat back in his chair and let that sink into my head . 
 `` so is that what this is about ? 
 the chase ? 
 after one night with me , you 'll be done . '' 
 william stood up from the table with a serene expression on his face and i wondered if i offended him . 
 `` i do n't think i 'd want just one night from you . '' 
 the sincerity in his voice took me by surprise . 
 my heart thumped loudly in my ears as he swept around the table with a smile that made me feel like i was prey . 
 did i want him ? 
 hell yes . 
 no , he was n't a long-term solution to my loneliness , but he would make me feel good . 
 will pulled out a chair and sat too close to me . 
 i was close enough to see the stubble on his chin . 
 his hand slid across my shoulder to brush my hair from my neck and i shuddered as if his hand slid up my naked thigh . 
 his deep chuckle sent goose bumps over my skin . 
 `` are you afraid of me ? 
 is that it ? 
 or are you afraid of letting go ? '' 
 both . 
 maybe he just wanted someone to fuck on the trip . 
 did it matter ? 
 my spirits sank . 
 i do n't want to be used as a toy . 
 what demons are you hiding ? 
 luke 's dire warning against will echoed in my head . 
 i wanted to say something to stop the inevitable . 
 i knew that if i looked at him , i would kiss him . 
 `` luke warned me about you , '' i said to his chin . 
 `` he said you had done something terrible . '' 
 all the color drained from his face as he pulled away from me and sat up straight , staring across the table . 
 `` he told you ? '' 
 he looked like he had been stabbed . 
 he almost looked dead , but his lips moved and a humorless laugh left his throat . 
 `` you must despise me . '' 
 waves of shock obliterated everything . 
 my heart rammed hard against my ribs . 
 i expected rage against luke , or petty insults , but not guilt . 
 he could n't even look at me . 
 whatever it was , will felt horrible about it and i never should have brought it up . 
 i regretted it instantly , hating that empty look on his face . 
 he stood up shakily and looked at the door . 
 `` will , he did n't tell me anything . 
 i just wanted to know what happened . '' 
 within an instant , his demeanor shifted . 
 he whirled around and shot me a dark , electric look . 
 disgust wrinkled his nose as he looked down at me . 
 `` what the hell is wrong with you ? 
 why would you bring that up ? '' 
 i shrank into my chair . 
 `` i 'm sorry-it 's just-he mentioned something and i was concerned . 
 if i 'm going on a trip with someone , i think i deserve to know if i 'll be safe around them . '' 
 the dark-haired man looked like he was on the verge of exploding . 
 he wavered a bit on his feet , looking like he wanted to throw something , before dropping into his chair . 
 his head fell into his hands and i heard him draw a deep breath . 
 what the fuck ? 
 what the hell do i do now ? 
 he was still breathing heavily with his face in his hands . 
 he glanced up to give me a frightened look and he clutched his chest , gritting his teeth . 
 `` fuck , '' he managed to spit out . 
 holy crap . 
 my heart bulged in my throat as i thought of what to do . 
 he looked like he was having some sort of mental breakdown ; he looked completely insane . 
 no , he 's not crazy . 
 he reminded me a lot of jessica when she was having her panic attacks . 
 `` just breathe , '' i whispered to him . 
 my hand twitched as i meant to let it fall on his head , but i was afraid to touch him . 
 i grabbed his shoulder instead and squeezed through his thick suit . 
 i had no idea what was going through his mind , but i recognized the signs . 
 god , all those times when jessica would have panic attacks , and of course she had no health insurance so we could never call the ambulance . 
 it always scared the shit out of me . 
 gradually , his breathing slowed and he was able to look at me . 
 `` will you do it ? '' 
 i gaped at him . 
 how could he ask me that when i just pissed him off ? 
 that 's why he wants me there . 
 he needs someone to watch over him , to calm him down when he 's having his panic attacks . 
 it has nothing to do with sex . 
 i felt terrible for how i judged him . 
 `` will - '' `` no , '' he growled suddenly . 
 `` do n't ask me . '' 
 i nodded , understanding . 
 jessica could n't talk about her problems either . 
 it took her years . 
 `` will i be safe around you ? 
 i mean-this is not ; i 'm not trained for this sort of thing . 
 if you 're using this graphic designer thing just as an excuse - '' `` i 'm not , '' he said in a pained voice . 
 `` i just need someone to travel with me . 
 you 'll be safe , i promise . '' 
 he stood up suddenly with his hands balled at his sides . 
 christ , he practically begged me . 
 i knew that he was embarrassed and my heart flew out to him . 
 `` just let me know . '' 
 `` will , wait ! '' 
 he was in a hurry to leave but i caught up to him and he turned around with a resigned look on his face . 
 i ca n't let him leave like this . 
 i just wanted him to know that it was okay , that i understood . 
 i wanted to do for him what he had done for me at the restaurant . 
 suddenly , my hands were around his tie and i was yanking his body forward . 
 his head dipped down and his dark eyes widened ; my head lifted and that heat i so desperately sought was mine . 
 what the hell am i doing ? 
 he kissed back hard , his lips bruising against mine . 
 the hunger inside me swallowed him in . 
 his hand swept up the thin fabric of my blouse and grabbed my breast . 
 i gasped into his mouth . 
 his frantic breaths matched mine . 
 i was paralyzed for a moment , seduced by the delicate stroke of his fingers , his lips claiming me as though i belonged to him . 
 my body shivered as i palmed his chest , wanting so badly to run my hands over every crevasse and that gorgeous dent under his throat . 
 when we broke apart , will had that blazing look on his face and he stared at the table as if it would make a good bed . 
 my heart was hammering hard enough to make me feel dizzy . 
 and we were only kissing . 
 i pushed against his chest . 
 `` will , we 're in an office . '' 
 `` you started it . '' 
 `` i 'll do it , '' i blurted as he swept down to kiss me again . 
 i guess i 'm going to europe . 
 `` that 's great , '' he said with less enthusiasm than i expected . 
 `` we can talk about it over lunch , if you want . '' 
 `` right now ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 i bit my lip hard . 
 i have to see ben after this . 
 will looked at me impassively without a smile , probably still upset over-whatever the hell it was that bothered him . 
 it was alarming how fast his moods could change . 
 as much as he intrigued me , he scared me . 
 i was n't sure if i wanted someone that damaged in my life . 
 do i want all of that baggage ? 
 i thought almost longingly of ben , who had his problems , but at least he was free of drama . 
 then why did you kiss him ? 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i have to see ben after this . '' 
 a black look shrouded his face . 
 `` you 're going to go back to that loser ? '' 
 the insult set off something inside me . 
 it was like he was talking directly to the dark corner of my mind that i tried to pretend did n't exist . 
 `` you do n't even know him ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 `` what is your problem ? '' 
 `` wow , that touched a nerve , did n't it ? 
 i 'm not the one getting upset . '' 
 piece of shit . 
 suddenly , i hated everything about him . 
 everything from his expensive suit to his handsome face and gloating smile `` what do you care if i get back together with him ? 
 it 's none of your business . '' 
 his face flushed . 
 `` then why the fuck did you just kiss me ? '' 
 it was my turn to be embarrassed . '' 
 'cause i-i do n't know . '' 
 the stab of hurt on will 's face was visible only for a second . 
 then he lashed out like a viper . 
 `` it 's pathetic that you 'd go back to a man who treated you so badly . 
 i know what he did , '' his eyes bored into me . 
 `` you just want a man who makes you feel safe and warm , no matter how boring he is . '' 
 he poisoned me with his words . 
 i hung my mouth open stupidly . 
 how could he know all that ? 
 luke must have told him everything . 
 `` you 're starting to bore me . '' 
 he let it hang in the air for a few seconds , calm detachment all over his face . 
 `` i 'll call you later with the details . '' 
 then he left the room . 
 i stood there , stunned , still staring at the same spot on the wall . 
 you 're starting to bore me . 
 it should n't hurt so badly , but it did . 
 that comment hurt more than ben 's transgressions ever did . 
 my shoulders shook and the tears cascaded down my face . 
 am i boring ? 
 i would rather be described as an evil bitch . 
 anything was better than having no mark on the world . 
 * * * no , i 'm weak , i thought as i hugged ben at the cafe and allowed him to steer me to a table . 
 seeing him for the first time in months did n't exactly evoke the feelings i thought they would . 
 there was nervousness , of course , but mostly my head was still pounding over what will said . 
 i was pissed that he hit the nail on the head on the head over ben and i . 
 it made me so angry that i wanted to throw myself into ben 's arms , but doing that would give will satisfaction in knowing that he was right . 
 i 'm not boring ! 
 ben smiled at me from across the table . 
 i willed myself to feel something . 
 anything . 
 but there was only a weak rustling in my stomach , like i 'd been vomiting for hours . 
 i hated how will managed to manipulate my emotions like this . 
 how could i know how i was supposed to feel about ben with all of this crap swimming in my head ? 
 `` so , how 've you been doing ? '' 
 ben looked up at me from the round table . 
 his hair had grown in a little . 
 the blonde beard was cut at the same length . 
 he still wore the same plaid shirt . 
 i always harbored a fantasy that he would change-he would develop a dress sense . 
 how have i been ? 
 horrible . 
 `` well , i got laid off from the aquarium , but i 've already got a new job . '' 
 his light eyebrows lifted slightly . 
 `` where ? '' 
 i wrapped my hands around the mug . 
 `` well , it 's a contract for pardini worldwide . '' 
 the blue eyes danced with excitement . 
 `` that 's great , nat ! '' 
 my eyes narrowed a bit at the use of my pet name . 
 i did n't want him to act like nothing was changed between us . 
 `` ben , what did you want to talk about ? '' 
 he flinched at my tone and i saw him retreat into himself . 
 `` i wanted to talk about us . '' 
 `` were you thinking about us when you went out with those women ? '' 
 `` i was trying to get over you , '' he said with an edge in his voice . 
 `` can you blame me for trying to move on ? '' 
 fine . 
 did n't mean i could n't be pissed about it . 
 `` it was pretty sudden . 
 a couple weeks after we broke up , as if you could n't wait to get out there . 
 and then you posted all those photos on facebook , knowing that i would see them . '' 
 `` i did n't do that , '' he muttered . 
 `` oh , come on . 
 you knew full well that i would see them . '' 
 he shook his head stubbornly . 
 `` maybe i was a bit pissed that you 'd throw away our relationship over jessica . '' 
 `` are you serious ? 
 i did n't dump you over her ; i dumped you because you lied to my face . 
 i tell you something in confidence and the first person you told was a journalist . 
 then you tried to deny it . '' 
 why did i come here ? 
 `` i know and i 'm sorry , but i still ca n't believe you 'd throw everything away after everything we 've been through together . '' 
 i softened under his bright , blue eyes and hated myself for it . 
 `` i do n't know , ben . 
 it 's been a long time . 
 i 'm starting to move on . '' 
 `` will you please just give us another chance ? '' 
 maybe i should . 
 will probably wo n't want anything to do with me again . 
 i humiliated him . 
 i shrugged and avoided his eyes . 
 `` maybe , when i get back from the job . '' 
 the disappointment that flared in ben 's eyes was mingled with anger . 
 it surprised me . 
 chapter 4 i debated all day whether i should call will and apologize for what i said . 
 my phone sat in front of me on the kitchen table . 
 a part of me hoped that he would call and make the decision for me . 
 coward . 
 another part of me wanted to distance myself . 
 what would i apologize for ? 
 i 'm sorry for hurting your feelings ? 
 why did he get so upset with me anyways ? 
 when i told him i was going to see ben , he reacted angrily . 
 jealously . 
 i squirmed in my chair . 
 he was the one who told me he had no interest in me . 
 he kissed me back . 
 if i knew he actually-if he was really interested , would i go on a date with him ? 
 my thoughts were muddled . 
 i wanted to , but he clearly had some emotional issues . 
 his problems are n't mine . 
 they might be if you 're going on a trip with him . 
 i groaned in my bedroom , trying to search for something that would tell me what to do . 
 i jumped at the knock on my door . 
 `` come in . '' 
 jessica 's head poked around the door . 
 good , i thought . 
 i can ask her about it . 
 `` just got home . 
 wanted to see what you were doing , '' she said as she sat down on my bed . 
 `` will wants me to go to europe with him . '' 
 she did a double take . 
 `` um-what ? '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` also , i saw ben . '' 
 `` whoa , whoa ! '' 
 she stood up and placed her hands on her hips . 
 `` slow down ! 
 when did this all happen ? '' 
 `` happened today , actually . '' 
 i enjoyed the waves of shock rippling across her face . 
 `` i do n't know where i stand with either of them , but will offered me a job to go to europe and design some pamphlets for luke 's campaign . 
 i think i 'm going to take it . 
 it 's only for a few weeks . '' 
 `` wait-isn ' t this a bit weird ? 
 he knows you for a week or something and all of a sudden , he wants you to go to europe with him ? '' 
 `` it 's definitely weird , but i do n't care . '' 
 my voice trembled . 
 `` i need this , jessica . '' 
 she looked at me with a bit of reservations stirring in her eyes , but she nodded . 
 of all people , she would understand . 
 `` well , how did it go with ben ? '' 
 `` not so good . 
 as expected . '' 
 i studied her face , looking for signs of relief . 
 `` do n't you hate him ? '' 
 the question caught her off guard . 
 `` hate him ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i never had a problem with ben , until ... '' until he sold you out . 
 `` listen , '' she said in a louder voice . 
 `` i do n't care about it anymore , honestly . 
 it 's all water under the bridge . 
 you should give him a second chance if you have feelings for him . '' 
 inwardly , i aimed a searchlight to find some remnants of the love i used to have for him . 
 of course , i had feelings . 
 i was angry , betrayed-if i did n't care about him it would n't matter to me . 
 i shrugged hopelessly . 
 `` i have feelings for chocolate . 
 that does n't really help . '' 
 `` well , you do n't need to make a decision right now . 
 just go to europe . 
 have fun and see how you feel about both of them . '' 
 i nodded , wondering if i should call my mom and ask for advice . 
 right , yeah that 'll be a fun conversation . 
 `` are you going to tell your parents ? '' 
 she could always read my mind . 
 `` i suppose that i have to . '' 
 hi mom , i screwed up my chances with a really rich guy you 'd probably hate . 
 and i 'm going to europe with him . 
 ok , bye ! 
 `` fuck , '' i sighed . 
 `` i 'll probably get it over now . '' 
 `` okay , '' jessica said , sliding from my bed . 
 i could tell that she was dying to tell her boyfriend everything i said . 
 i picked up the phone and suddenly it vibrated in my hands . 
 almost dropping it , i held the phone to my ear . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` it 's will . '' 
 oh . 
 i bit my lip severely , wondering what the hell i should say . 
 `` hi . '' 
 `` listen , i just wanted to apologize for my behavior . '' 
 he took a shaky breath . 
 `` i 'm sorry for-everything , really . 
 i 'm on some pretty serious meds and when i do n't take them i go a bit crazy . 
 so , i 'm sorry for all that . 
 if you take the job , i 'll be nothing but professional the whole way . '' 
 my heart pounded . 
 `` will , i 'm the one who should apologize - '' `` natalie , let 's just forget about it , okay ? '' 
 he said in a testy voice . 
 i nodded before remembering i was on the phone . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` great . 
 i 'm going to fax the contract to your agency , and they should email the documents to you . 
 if you could sign them as soon as possible , that would be great . '' 
 all of the humor was gone from his voice . 
 he sounded clearer-more awake , but everything that made him so fun was gone . 
 it was like talking to a stranger . 
 `` okay , '' i heard myself say . 
 `` we leave next week . 
 i 'll talk to you soon . '' 
 `` bye . '' 
 and just like that , it was over . 
 there was nothing but static on the other end . 
 * * * i still had n't called my parents , and it was the day i was supposed to leave with will for london . 
 i kept unlocking my phone to stare at the bright screen , debating whether to call them while the light died . 
 i have to call them . 
 `` nervous ? '' 
 jessica asked as she stepped into the living room . 
 i dropped the phone back into my pocket . 
 `` i probably feel how you did when you left . '' 
 she smiled as she looked back on the memory . 
 at the time , i warned her against going , even though i was insanely jealous of her opportunity . 
 now , it 's my turn . 
 luke was nearby and i knew that he was bursting to give me his opinion of what i should do , but i sensed that jessica warned him not to . 
 i felt another rush of affection for her . 
 we always have each other 's back , no matter what . 
 i paced in the small hallway and glanced at luke , who sat in the living room looking grim . 
 i was aching to ask him about will . 
 he caught my glance and a smile flickered over his anxious face . 
 `` it 'll be okay , natalie . '' 
 i cried out as i bit the flesh of my thumb too hard . 
 frankly , i was more worried about how awkward it was going to be . 
 i whirled towards my bag . 
 did i pack everything ? 
 bambambam . 
 jessica and i jumped about a mile high . 
 `` ca n't he knock like a normal person ? '' 
 my stomach did backflips as luke shot from the couch and opened the door before i could move a muscle . 
 will stood there , looking fresh in his jeans and t-shirt . 
 just the sight of his arms peeking from the sleeves was enough to make me sigh . 
 it 's not fair . 
 someone that hot should n't be such a jackass . 
 his dark eyes narrowed as he focused his gaze on his cousin . 
 `` luke , '' he said politely , inclining his head . 
 his cousin gave him nothing but a cursory nod , which was a mark of how angry he must be . 
 will responded with a lopsided grin . 
 `` are you going to step aside , or are you going to keep eye-fucking me ? '' 
 luke moved away and will stepped forward , his eyes finally settling on me . 
 the connection i usually felt between us was gone . 
 he might as well have been looking at a piece of furniture . 
 cold gripped my limbs . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i grabbed the handle of my suitcase , but he ducked quickly and took it from me . 
 `` ok , then . '' 
 he gave jessica a small smile before crossing the threshold out of the apartment . 
 luke followed him outside and jessica and i looked at each other . 
 for some reason , the look on her face made a horrible lump rise in my throat . 
 she was blinking rather fast as she nearly bowled me over with her hug . 
 `` i 'm really proud of you for doing this . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i said , blinking hard . 
 `` why ? '' 
 her arms tightened around my neck . 
 `` it takes a lot of courage to leave your comfort zone . 
 most people never do . '' 
 my lips trembled . 
 the flood of everything i 'd been holding back suddenly burst through the dam i built up for myself . 
 as much as i tried to deny it , i felt sick with fear every time i thought about my future . 
 my life was a constant battle for approval . 
 while my dad opened my report cards , i would stare outside and think longingly of the playground where jessica and i would play . 
 getting an a - was `` acceptable , '' but anything below that-grounded . 
 going to college was like being born again . 
 i could do whatever i wanted-i was free . 
 but still , something inside me wanted to please my parents , to explain every decision i made . 
 i went against their wishes by majoring in graphic design . 
 they screamed and raged at me , but i did it anyways , though not without a heavy dose of guilt . 
 within years of graduating , i made myself the perfect life to appease them . 
 perfect fiance , perfect job , and not-so perfect apartment . 
 then it all shattered and freedom 's intoxicating aroma beckoned me to europe . 
 william crashed into my life , promising excitement and spontaneity and suddenly i was flying thousands of miles with a complete stranger . 
 it was overwhelming . 
 jessica 's arms slipped from my neck and i turned away from her , furiously rubbing my eyes . 
 a warm , heavy hand patted my shoulder . 
 `` if will gives you any problems , call me , '' luke said in a gruff voice . 
 `` i will , thanks . 
 bye ! '' 
 `` call when you get there ! '' 
 i hurried outside before i could change my mind and saw an audi r8 parked outside . 
 i laughed at the contrast between it and the rusty , ford truck parked in front of it . 
 will had his arms crossed over his chest , sunglasses perched on his long , straight nose , looking supremely bored . 
 he said nothing about my red eyes . 
 will took my backpack from my shoulders and i flinched as his fingers grazed my shoulder , unprepared for the wave of dizzying heat . 
 he popped open the door for me and i slid inside the leather seat , watching jessica 's anxious face in the window . 
 i 'm leaving it all . 
 finally . 
 the opening of the driver 's door interrupted the cocoon of my thoughts . 
 without being able to stop myself , i watched will 's lithe body slide into the seat . 
 his lean arm yanked on the parking brake and the engine roared under my thighs , revving like the feelings bursting in my chest as i watched him . 
 his dark hair fell into his eyes and i suddenly wanted so badly to reach up and push it behind his ears . 
 but he did n't so much as glance at me . 
 now that he 's lost interest , you want him ? 
 typical . 
 my stomach lurched as will peeled out of our street , whipping around corners as if his life depended on it . 
 i gasped and gripped the armrests as he suddenly braked in front of the first red light . 
 the slightest smile flickered on his face . 
 `` too fast for you ? '' 
 i muttered something in denial of that . 
 `` i need to call my parents and tell them where i 'm going . '' 
 will said nothing . 
 my eyes kept wandering up and down his thick biceps and the powerful thighs pressing against his jeans . 
 i could even make out the faint crease between his pecs-and then i looked up and saw him staring at me . 
 i slammed the phone to the side of my face , hoping that it would hide my blush . 
 the phone rang . 
 do n't pick up , do n't pick up , do n't pick up . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` hi , mom . '' 
 i braced myself . 
 `` natalie . '' 
 the stiffness in her voice meant that she was still very pissed off . 
 `` mom , '' i said , my voice wavering . 
 `` i 'm just calling to tell you that i 'll be in europe for the next few weeks . '' 
 `` what ? 
 with who ? '' 
 my mouth opened and closed . 
 what should i say ? 
 i did n't want to tell her the truth . 
 my eyes watered as i thought of what she 'd say . 
 `` i 'm going with my boyfriend , '' i blurted . 
 will whipped his head around . 
 my face was probably melting off my skull at this point . 
 `` you have a boyfriend ? '' 
 my mind was galloping ahead . 
 `` i 've been dating him for a while . 
 you 've never met him . 
 i did n't want to tell you because i knew you both liked ben so much - '' `` what 's his name ? 
 what does he do ? 
 who - '' i grimaced . 
 `` his name is william . 
 he 's luke 's cousin . '' 
 `` the rich guy ? '' 
 mom said in a much more excited voice . 
 `` when are we going to meet him ? '' 
 i would have laughed at her excitement if i could n't feel will 's eyes burning into my skull . 
 `` mom , i have to go . '' 
 `` it 's not true ! 
 she 's lying ! '' 
 will suddenly shouted . 
 i snarled at him . 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 `` who is that ? '' 
 `` nobodyihavetogo . 
 goodbye ! '' 
 `` okay , sweetie ! 
 love you ! '' 
 i could hear the confusion in my mom 's voice from will 's shouting . 
 i hung up the phone and buried my face into my hands . 
 why the hell did i do that ? 
 `` you 're such a little liar , '' he tutted in a low voice that made my forehead sear with heat . 
 `` i wo n't play along with your little charade . 
 i 'm not luke . '' 
 i looked at him hesitantly , but he did n't look very angry . 
 `` i 'm really sorry , will . 
 i did n't really plan on doing that-i just did n't feel like telling her the truth and disappointing them . '' 
 he throttled the engine and i winced as the car lurched forward . 
 we were already speeding past oakland , merging into the lanes that would take us across the bay bridge . 
 `` well , we 'll probably be photographed so that 'll corroborate your lie . 
 your ex might not be pleased , though . '' 
 shit . 
 i had n't thought of that . 
 `` i do n't care . '' 
 `` you care about using me to make yourself look better in your parent 's eyes . 
 nice . '' 
 he clearly was n't impressed with what i did . 
 `` listen , '' i began defensively . 
 `` i do n't judge you for all the things you do-don ' t judge me . 
 i 'm just trying to make them happy . '' 
 i hated the pity on his face . 
 `` make them happy ? '' 
 he said in an incredulous voice . 
 `` natalie , natalie , natalie . '' 
 my frown deepened with every repetition of my name . 
 `` you 'll never be able to live up to their standards . 
 you 'll never be able to make them happy . 
 the sooner you realize that , the sooner you can move on with your life . 
 i 'm probably the only one out of my brothers who does n't suck up to my dad . '' 
 `` how 's that working out for you ? '' 
 his fingers whitened on the steering wheel . 
 that 's what i thought . 
 the rest of the car ride was pretty silent . 
 i kept waiting for him to slip some sort of sexual innuendo into the conversation , but instead he seemed keen on pissing me off . 
 `` oh , you 'll have to take all the trains and buses that the laypeople use by yourself . 
 you have to do a write-up of how to get to all these places . '' 
 i did n't expect that . 
 `` i 'll have to go by myself ? '' 
 he smirked . 
 `` pardinis do n't take public transport . '' 
 whatever . 
 rolling my eyes at the smugness , i turned my head so i would n't have to look at his irritating face . 
 `` by the way , i got you a seat in coach . 
 it 's a ten-hour flight , so that 'll suck . '' 
 he sniggered . 
 another flare shot up my face . 
 `` it 's not a problem when you 're short . 
 coach suits me just fine . '' 
 will 's jaw went slack . 
 i expected a crowd of paparazzi to follow us around , but will parked us in the long-term parking lot and we took the train to the international terminal . 
 i had never flown out of the country before and could n't keep my excitement from ramping up . 
 after we shot through the airport security , we were ushered through a series of corridors while i wondered what the hell was going on . 
 why were n't we going to one of the airport terminals ? 
 delta , us airways , whatever ? 
 it was only when we were walking across the tarmac and i saw the white jet , stamped in bold , gold letters with his name that i realized will had been joking about flying me in coach . 
 he smiled at my wide-eyed expression . 
 `` ladies first . '' 
 he swept his arm towards the staircase leading to the airplane . 
 my hair whipped around my head as i bounded up the steps . 
 i felt like a little kid with a shiny , new toy . 
 there were rows of plush , white leather seats and flat screen tvs . 
 `` yow ! '' 
 a tabby cat sat on the table in his blue cage , his yellow eyes extremely round . 
 `` what the hell ? 
 what 's a cat doing here ? '' 
 `` kitty ! '' 
 he exclaimed . 
 i almost laughed at the delight transporting william 's face . 
 he rushed past me to unlock the cage and a handsome cat with dark tiger stripes immediately walked out , stretching his back legs . 
 the stewardess pursed her lips reprovingly . 
 i had a feeling that animals were required to stay inside their cages at all times , but she was n't going to argue with the man giving her paychecks . 
 `` this is tom , '' will said with his hand on the cat 's back . 
 the cat head-butted his hand , purring loudly . 
 `` you brought a cat to europe , '' i deadpanned . 
 `` do these bed and breakfasts even take pets ? '' 
 `` they 'll do as i ask . '' 
 he glowered at me as if to add : or else . 
 he sat down on one of the chairs and tom the cat immediately jumped on his lap , settling in for a nice , long nap . 
 will talked to the cat in a baby , singsong voice . 
 my head was ringing with the strangeness of it . 
 `` tom follows me everywhere . 
 is n't that right , baby boy ? '' 
 the cat closed his eyes and lifted his white chin as will scratched his fur . 
 his black lips rounded in a soft mow . 
 he 's crazy . 
 i opened my phone and texted to jessica : he brought a cat on the plane . 
 he 's singing to it now . 
 i 'm scared . 
 she replied . 
 get out while you still can . 
 i stifled laughter from her text and was distracted by will 's high-pitched voice . 
 now , he was kissing the top of the cat 's head . 
 `` seriously , what 's the deal with the cat ? '' 
 i did n't have anything against cats . 
 i even liked them , but i could n't imagine how he was going to take care of him for three weeks . 
 he stood up with the cat over his shoulder , almost as if he was burping a baby . 
 the cat licked his lips and stared at me through yellow slits as will rubbed his back . 
 he stopped in front of me and i yelped as he deposited him in my lap . 
 `` tom is my therapy . 
 he goes wherever i go . 
 think of him as a service animal . '' 
 tom stood and faced me , his whiskers fanning out and his tail curled in the air like a question mark . 
 then he head-butted my face , rubbing his cheeks hard against my nose as a line of cat drool smeared my face . 
 `` urgh . '' 
 i spat out the cat hair . 
 `` he really likes you . 
 that 's good , '' he said , as if his cat was a good judge of character . 
 he sat down and looked at us with his head in his hand , smiling faintly with a bit of sadness in his eyes . 
 `` you seem different . 
 a lot more mellow . '' 
 i held tom against me , feeling his little heartbeat hammer against mine . 
 petting him over and over with his reassuring , motor-like purr vibrating in my stomach made me feel lighter . 
 happier . 
 maybe he was right about the cat . 
 he frowned , not angrily . 
 `` when i take these pills , i feel like a robot . 
 i do n't like it . '' 
 `` so then do n't . '' 
 curiosity seethed inside me . 
 i wanted to ask him why he took the pills , but it was such a personal question . 
 you must despise me . 
 his words echoed in my head , haunting me . 
 will shook his dark head , looking so downtrodden that i picked up tom and sat next to him . 
 the cat made a small mew and walked across my lap to his master . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 you 've seen what happens when i 'm off them . '' 
 something stirred in my chest as i looked at him . 
 it was selfish of me , but i wanted the old will back , the one who constantly invaded my personal space and who was impulsive and said the wrong things . 
 my heart hammered as i let my hand fall on his arm . 
 he went rigid under me . 
 `` i meant what i said , natalie . 
 about being professional . '' 
 my cheeks burned , but i did n't let go of him . 
 `` b-but - '' `` i know what kind of girl you are , '' he said , sliding his arm out from under me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 my heart sank at the look he gave me . 
 `` you 're just fishing for the most eligible bachelor so that you can please your parents . 
 you 're toying with the possibility of going back to your ex , and you 're playing around with me . 
 that 's why you lied about me . 
 i 'm sorry , but that does n't interest me at all . '' 
 the cold , hard rejection slapped me across the face . 
 i could n't breathe . 
 the tears fell fast and before i knew it , i was sputtering an apology . 
 his eyes widened when he realized what he had done . 
 `` oh , shit . 
 natalie - '' i stood up from the chair and ran to the bathroom ; to the one place he could n't follow me . 
 once i closed the door , i burst into noisy tears and quickly grabbed a handful of paper towels to stifle my sobs . 
 am i five years old ? 
 why am i crying over a guy rejecting me ? 
 maybe it was because i had blown it with a man who should have been way over my league . 
 william had seen enough of me and decided rather quickly that i was n't what he was looking for . 
 i was not good enough for him . 
 man , did that fucking hurt . 
 `` natalie , i 'm sorry , '' he said through the door . 
 what happened to the guy who came to the restaurant ? 
 it was startling how little control i had over my emotions , and i suddenly wished for my own magic pill that would make me not care . 
 it was so embarrassing . 
 i could hear it in his voice . 
 oh , poor girl . 
 i did n't mean to make her upset-i just told her the truth ! 
 i hated myself in this moment . 
 i looked in the small , rectangular mirror and wanted to punch my worthless face . 
 grow up . 
 grow the fuck up and stop being so pathetic . 
 i wiped my face angrily . 
 `` natalie , '' he kept knocking . 
 `` natalie ! '' 
 i opened the door to see will standing in front of it , looking stricken . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he flinched at my tone . 
 `` look , that was uncalled for . 
 i 'm really sorry . '' 
 he raked his hands through his hair and i could n't help but admire the muscles shifting under his t-shirt . 
 `` can we just start over ? 
 can we just be friends ? '' 
 `` really ? 
 you 're going to give me that line ? '' 
 he grimaced . 
 `` i was n't trying to hit on you . 
 i was just being nice . 
 there 's no need to be so cruel . '' 
 will 's face blazed like the setting sun . 
 he let out a tortured moan . 
 `` i know , i 'm really sorry . 
 i 'm in a really weird mood . '' 
 i sighed angrily . 
 it was more important to get along with him . 
 `` fine , '' i said , sticking out my hand for him to shake . 
 his chest heaved with a sigh and he smiled in relief . 
 he took my hand and squeezed it . 
 just friends . 
 that 's what you wanted anyways , was n't it ? 
 it was time to stop pining over the men in my life . 
 i was n't going to chase after men anymore , not until i figured out what i wanted . 
 this trip is going to be fun . 
 i was going to be an adult and move on . 
 that 's it . 
 professional relationship . 
 you do n't interest me at all . 
 my smile fumbled and the slightest quiver shook my bottom lip . 
 i 've never been hurt like that in my life , and it was going to be the last fucking time . 
 that 's what i told myself , at least . 
 chapter 5 will kept a civil attitude the entire flight without a single sarcastic comment . 
 i suspected that guilt was eating through his insides , though if this was how the rest of our trip was going to be ; i was in for a lot of boredom . 
 ironic , really . 
 i was determined to get along with will . 
 this was n't going to ruin the trip . 
 i would have a fantastic time-so what if he did n't want me ? 
 but it was slightly depressing to be so close to him . 
 i followed will through the confusing maze that was heathrow international , tom the cat occasionally let out the smallest of meows in his cage propped on our luggage . 
 we were getting a lot of weird looks . 
 `` where are we going first ? '' 
 he glanced back at me . 
 `` um , first we need to get to paddington station . '' 
 the train in paddington would take us to cheltenham , and afterwards we needed to rent a car to take us to the first location of our british tour : the cotswolds . 
 i was a bit sad to leave london . 
 after months of listening to jessica rave about the city , it was hard leaving it behind . 
 i 'll come back , someday . 
 william had clearly been here before . 
 within minutes , we were speeding away on the heathrow express and arrived shortly at paddington station . 
 we disembarked the train to find ourselves under a massive dome . 
 i caught my first glimpse of the london underground . 
 hundreds of people milled around the ground floor , buying coffee and pastries from the stalls and relaxing in chairs . 
 on a glass table , a flock of pigeons attacked an abandoned muffin . 
 i was surprised to see a shopping mall within the train station , but i followed will across the platform to the train that would take us to cheltenham . 
 my energy should have been completely shot , but i was really excited to be traveling to the first location where i would think of a concept for my first design . 
 it was going to be really labor intensive . 
 will wanted the websites to be redesigned , so i would be creating banners , avatars , and logos . 
 i also would design the newsletters and draft write-ups for each location . 
 it was exciting . 
 i 'd never had such a huge project before . 
 as we approached the train , will handed me my ticket . 
 as promised , i was going to be riding coach . 
 `` well , see you when we get there . '' 
 will rolled his eyes at me , as if he could hardly believe that someone could be so slow . 
 `` i 'm riding in the same car , natalie . 
 i did n't actually buy first class tickets for myself and not you . '' 
 he chuckled to himself and walked down the length of the train . 
 i sighed and followed him . 
 well , at least he has n't lost his sense of humor . 
 inside the train , we took seats that had a table so that tom could sit on top . 
 his yellow eyes glowed through the slits of the cage . 
 a plaintive , low meow warbled through the recycled air . 
 `` quiet , tom . '' 
 desperate for a long nap , will suddenly sank in his seat and used his arms over the table as a pillow . 
 i leaned against the window and watched the english countryside roll beside me . 
 there were patches of yellow fields everywhere , and small , idyllic hamlets that simply did n't exist in california . 
 i marveled at all of the open space . 
 living in california , i was accustomed to seeing every available patch of land crammed with as many homes as possible . 
 it was hard to believe that i was really here . 
 i blinked and felt my eyelids scrape over my eyes . 
 `` anything from the trolley ? '' 
 i shook my head and the coffee cart moved past me . 
 the lull of sleep was too strong with the gentle rocking motion of the train . 
 * * * after will shook me awake , i got to my feet and followed him off the train , thoroughly exhausted . 
 `` jesus , i do n't think i 've ever done so much traveling in one day . '' 
 i felt really sorry for tom , who had long ago given up on voicing his displeasure . 
 now we had to drive towards our destination . 
 luckily , the car rental was right next to the train station . 
 outside was a wet , dreary expanse of concrete and gray skies . 
 i wrapped my jacket around myself , shivering already as we walked to the car . 
 we 're definitely not in california anymore . 
 the real shock came when we went to the car , which could barely fit our luggage . 
 it was beyond bizarre to sit on the left side , where the driver would normally sit back home . 
 tom was in the backseat and will made sure to weave the seat belt through the cage . 
 `` it 's okay , tommy . 
 we 'll be there soon , '' he crooned . 
 `` you can stop rolling your eyes at me , '' he said with his back facing me . 
 `` whatever . 
 let 's just go . '' 
 will shifted into gear and our tiny car sped out of the train station . 
 i gripped my seat as we joined roundabout after roundabout . 
 god , this is confusing . 
 we only had a split second to decide which exit to take , but luckily the gps we used was quite thorough . 
 finally , we entered the highway and i felt a bit of normalcy . 
 the english countryside was beautiful to look at . 
 the deep green hills , the flocks of sheep , the little hamlets with their gardens and parishes reminded me of all the pastoral watercolor paintings i used to study in college . 
 i closed my eyes and listened to the classic music playing in the radio . 
 `` natalie ! '' 
 screaming pierced my ears . 
 both a high-pitched , animal sound and the sound of terrified sobbing . 
 my eyes snapped open and i felt the car trembling . 
 i looked to my right and saw will 's face rigid with fear . 
 i jumped in my seat . 
 he was hunched over the steering wheel , driving at a speed that was way , way too fast . 
 he gulped for air and one hand clutched his chest . 
 white-hot fear seized my heart . 
 we passed a smoking , twisted tangle of a car wreck and i realized that we could have the same fate . 
 `` will , stop the car ! '' 
 `` i ca n't breathe , '' he said hoarsely . 
 i could n't think . 
 the cat kept screaming , even it knew something was wrong . 
 `` will , stop the fucking car ! '' 
 we barreled towards slow traffic . 
 i reached over without thinking and yanked on the parking break . 
 the car made an ungodly screech and my seatbelt cut into my stomach . 
 smoke billowed around the windows and i screamed , adding my voice to the shrieking behind me . 
 i braced myself for the impact , but by some miracle the car ground to a halt only a millimeter from the next car 's bumper . 
 my heart felt like it was injected with a large dose of caffeine . 
 the fear still pounded through my body with every rush of blood . 
 will gripped the wheel , looking like he was going to faint . 
 he unbuckled himself and opened the door . 
 smoke curled inside the car . 
 he collapsed beside the window . 
 `` will ! '' 
 i hastily unbuckled myself and ran around the car to see william hunched over with his head between his knees . 
 i stooped down next to him on the concrete and rubbed his back . 
 what the fuck just happened ? 
 `` are you hurt ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 his head peeked out from his knees , glancing at the wreck half a mile down the highway . 
 the blood drained from his face as ambulance sirens screamed . 
 the blue and red lights flashed across his face . 
 for a moment , i thought that he might be dead . 
 i squeezed his shoulders and shook him . 
 `` will ? 
 snap out of it ! '' 
 his eyes slid over to me uncomprehendingly . 
 my fingernails bit into his shoulder . 
 no response . 
 i shot out with my hand , slapping his face a little too hard . 
 his head whipped to the left but he caught himself on the ground . 
 he squeezed his eyes shut as if i had really hurt him and his shoulders began to shake . 
 `` oh my god , will ! 
 i did n't mean - '' `` i 'm sorry , '' he said in a small voice . 
 `` i 'm going to get help . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 he lashed out and gripped my arm . 
 `` will , do n't be fucking stupid ! 
 you had a - '' `` panic attack , '' he said , his face gradually returning to its normal color . 
 `` i have ptsd . 
 it happens . '' 
 `` it happens ? 
 it happens ? '' 
 will winced at the shriek in my voice . 
 `` what the fuck is wrong with you ? '' 
 i shoved him so hard that he fell back on his elbows , looking at me with a mixture of fear and guilt . 
 `` why the fuck did n't you tell me ? 
 we could have died ! '' 
 he sat upright and buried his face in his hands . 
 `` i know . '' 
 people were getting out of their cars and walking towards us with looks of concern on their faces . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 i grimaced . 
 `` will , you need to go to the hospital . '' 
 `` no . 
 i 've done this before . 
 there 's nothing you can do for panic attacks . 
 it 'll be a waste of time . '' 
 `` but - '' `` let 's just go ! '' 
 he stood up shakily , his back turned firmly away from the wreck . 
 `` if you think i 'm going to let you drive us you 're out of your mind . '' 
 will looked at my determined face and gave me a small nod . 
 i approached the left side of the car out of habit and swore . 
 `` you sure you 're all right , love ? '' 
 `` we 're fine ! '' 
 i said in a high-pitched voice . 
 yes , everything 's fine . 
 i 'm about to drive stick shift for the first time in a decade . 
 everything 's swell ! 
 i sat in the driver 's seat with will chewing his thumb next to me , looking uncharacteristically self-conscious . 
 everything was on the wrong side . 
 `` fuck , fuck , fuck ! '' 
 `` you 'll get the hang of it . 
 just relax . '' 
 `` you relax ! '' 
 i snapped . 
 i started the car and stalled it . 
 people were starting to honk at us from behind . 
 i turned the key again and floored the gas , burning the clutch but finally moving forward . 
 i relaxed as i shifted into second gear and drove down the highway , following the gps . 
 `` okay , '' i began . 
 `` want to tell me what the hell that was about ? '' 
 i eyed him beadily but he sat there clam-like . 
 i wanted to reach over and throttle him . 
 `` i was involved in a car accident years ago and that 's all you need to know . '' 
 a light flickered in my head . 
 `` so when you see car wrecks , you freak out ? '' 
 pain was etched all over his face as blatant as a greek mask . 
 `` they can trigger episodes , yes . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 he shook his dark head , his wide eyes looking everywhere but me . 
 `` natalie , please . '' 
 whatever it was , it was bad . 
 that only added fuel to the curiosity burning inside me . 
 though , the guilt in his voice did n't make it too hard to guess what probably happened . 
 you must despise me . 
 he killed someone . 
 the head-rush almost made me black out and my palms suddenly felt greasy over the steering wheel . 
 i stared straight ahead , afraid to look at him with judgment in my eyes . 
 that was probably what happened . 
 he killed someone-or maimed them so badly that life would never be the same . 
 stop speculating . 
 you do n't know anything . 
 `` think you figured it out , have n't you ? '' 
 he said in a harsh voice . 
 i gave my head a little shake . 
 `` nope . '' 
 he snorted but said nothing more . 
 we kept the conversation light . 
 i had no desire to send him into another panic attack while i was driving . 
 it was finally time to get off the highway , a moment i dreaded . 
 i edged up behind the cars leading to the roundabout . 
 `` take the third exit . '' 
 `` third exit ? 
 what does that mean ? '' 
 will 's face contorted strangely as he fought to keep a straight face . 
 `` it means you leave the roundabout at the third exit . 
 you can count , right ? '' 
 i gritted my teeth . 
 how could someone be so damn annoying ? 
 i watched the cars sliding into the roundabout . 
 there appeared to be two lanes . 
 `` crap . 
 i am so stressed out . '' 
 `` do n't be stressed out , natalie . 
 you 'll get used to it . 
 i promise . '' 
 now it was my turn . 
 i had to wait until there was a gap between the cars zooming from the right . 
 we whirled around in a circle and i almost did n't notice the first exit . 
 `` shit ! 
 which one is it ? '' 
 `` the third one . '' 
 but i lost track of which ones were passing by me , and then i looped around the entire circle . 
 `` which one is it ? '' 
 by now , will had dissolved into laughter . 
 he reached over and patted my shoulder soothingly . 
 `` get off here . '' 
 i breathed a sigh of relief as i pulled left down a country road . 
 the gps lead us deep into the country , until the roads narrowed so severely that i did n't understand how two cars could fit alongside each other . 
 it was like something out of a tolkien novel . 
 there were endless , deep green fields , sheep , unpaved roads , and footpaths that led from village to village . 
 we drove through ebrington , following tiny , crude signposts . 
 the small , brick cottages , each with a lush garden , looked like something out of a fairytale book . 
 finally , i pulled onto the street where we would be staying . 
 the bed and breakfast was a flat-faced , beige cottage with a kissing gate bordered by rose bushes . 
 a wonderful pasture bordered the cottage , where i could make out white dots of sheep and hear the occasional baa . 
 there were footpaths leading towards the pasture that begged to be explored . 
 i grinned as i turned back to the car to see william extracting an irate tom from the car . 
 he let the cat out at once , who immediately dashed into the bushes . 
 `` he 'll be fine , '' he said , noticing my concern . 
 as we passed through the kissing gate , i became aware of how desperate my body was for a nap . 
 it was a struggle just to go up the small steps . 
 i knocked on the blue door with william right behind me . 
 it opened to reveal a slight blonde woman wearing an apron . 
 `` you must be mr. and mrs. pardini . '' 
 my cheeks bloomed . 
 `` yes , yes we are , '' he boomed from behind me . 
 `` i 'm mary . 
 please come in ! '' 
 mary could hardly contain her excitement over being considered as a potential affiliate of the prestigious pardini hotel chain . 
 the cottage was immaculate . 
 there were a living room whose floors looked like they had been polished , a giant solarium with a breakfast table and plush , comfortable looking couches , and a tiny , cramped kitchen . 
 the upstairs led to the rooms . 
 it was the cutest place i had ever seen . 
 tom the cat darted inside from between my legs . 
 `` i brought my cat with me , i hope that 's all right with you ? '' 
 he asked in an innocent tone . 
 from the look on mary 's face , it was pretty certain that it was n't all right , but she was too terrified to say otherwise . 
 i turned around to glare at my husband . 
 he should n't use his status to bully people like this . 
 mary 's face fell but she quickly recovered . 
 `` no , no sir . 
 it 's no trouble at all . '' 
 she bit her lip as the cat jumped on one of the couches in the solarium . 
 `` wonderful . 
 my wife and i want to take a nap , then we 'll probably want dinner . 
 do you have any recommendations ? '' 
 `` y-yes ! 
 the ebrington arms is right down the street . 
 i shall make an arrangement for you for seven . '' 
 `` lovely . 
 come , darling . '' 
 my face burned , partly in anger , and partly flattered that mary thought that i was his wife . 
 he carried both suitcases up the extremely narrow stairs , refusing all offers from mary for help . 
 `` your room is just to the right . 
 it has a lovely view of the garden . 
 the wi-fi password is within the book inside your room . '' 
 `` w-wait we 're sharing a room ? '' 
 my face burned even brighter , completely forgetting that mary was behind us . 
 he gave a good-natured chuckle . 
 `` of course , silly ! '' 
 william 's laying it on pretty thick . 
 it reminded me of his antics at the restaurant when he crashed my date with that boring guy ; i already forgot his name . 
 suddenly , i wondered if his pills were wearing off . 
 `` we 're newlyweds , '' he explained to mary . 
 `` she comes from a very conservative background , so she was always a bit shy . '' 
 i clenched my fists . 
 newlyweds who do n't wear wedding rings ? 
 mary looked perplexed by all of this information . 
 `` i had no idea . 
 well , i 'll go back downstairs to call the restaurant . '' 
 will 's face crinkled into a smile . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he pushed the door open and wheeled the suitcases inside . 
 it was a small , neat room . 
 a small , old tv stood on top of a desk in the corner . 
 the bed was small-probably a double , and the tiled bathroom was spotless and the towels were fresh . 
 on the nightstand were a few snacks and a small pot for making tea . 
 will sat on the bed , his head a few feet underneath the triangular roof . 
 i could see his mind whirring , analyzing every detail . 
 the billionaire looked unimpressed . 
 i looked out of the window and saw a cute , small garden and even more of the english countryside . 
 how wonderful it must be to live here , i thought . 
 `` i do n't know about this place . 
 it 's a bit-minimalistic . '' 
 `` i think it 's great . 
 she was so excited to see you . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` lots of women are excited to see me . '' 
 i guess i had that one coming . 
 i tried to bury my smile . 
 `` do you have to be such an ass ? '' 
 my heart jumped as he pushed himself off the bed and walked towards me . 
 i was suddenly aware of how alone we were , and how tall and imposing he was . 
 my heart thudded painfully . 
 i wondered what it would be like to be married to him . 
 probably hellish . 
 but waking up to his face like his every morning would be a dream . 
 overwhelmed with that vision , my hand flew to my necklace and yanked on the chain . 
 his lips smiled . 
 `` you always do that when you 're nervous . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i said defensively . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 he just gave me a satisfied grin . 
 `` it 's flattering , but you do n't need to be nervous around me . '' 
 his words sent a flash of heat up my spine . 
 the air felt entirely too hot as his hand ever so slightly gripped mine . 
 his thumb stroked the palm of my hand and i felt a wave of dizziness so strong that i stumbled back . 
 will 's eyes seared through me . 
 `` you 're tired . 
 you need sleep , '' he said firmly . 
 i looked at the one bed . 
 `` so much for keeping it professional . '' 
 `` well , i pre-booked everything back when i thought we were going to be fucking . '' 
 `` jesus , will ! '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` relax , natalie . 
 i wo n't touch you . '' 
 why not ? 
 was he really going to deny the chemistry we had ? 
 i was embarrassed by what he said , but at the same time i felt insulted . 
 why am i not good enough for that ? 
 but i knew why . 
 i turned him off by agonizing over ben or because i was too uptight . 
 still holding my hand , his head bent down to give me a chaste kiss on my cheek . 
 he pulled back , looking a bit pink in the face . 
 `` thank you . 
 for helping me . '' 
 i felt the burn mark of his lips on my face as if he ironed it on . 
 `` no problem , '' i said faintly . 
 `` now go to sleep . '' 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i do n't want to sleep right now . '' 
 he did n't want to return to the nightmares he knew would haunt him . 
 i let go of his hand reluctantly , but my body was screaming for sleep . 
 i threw back the covers and slid inside as will sat down on a comfortable chair near the windows . 
 i tried not to stare at him too much and i denied the desire coursing through my veins like really good whiskey . 
 more than anything in my life , i wanted to crawl into his lap and lace my fingers around his neck . 
 i wanted his arms wrapped around me , whispering sweet nothings in my ear . 
 chapter 6 i woke up to brilliant sunshine pouring into my room and propped myself up on my elbows . 
 will was gone . 
 poor will had spent the night in the chair while i slept on the bed . 
 it was his fault for not booking separate rooms , but i still felt bad about it . 
 i slipped out of bed and padded to the bathroom . 
 the shower door was sprinkled with droplets . 
 will took a shower while i was asleep . 
 as i turned the water on and removed my clothes , i imagined him bursting into the bathroom while i was in the shower . 
 a delicious shiver ran up my leg . 
 how hot would that be ? 
 stop thinking about that . 
 you 're here to do a job . 
 right . 
 i was supposed to be thinking about designs , not lusting after a man who , no matter how attractive he was , had emotional problems . 
 i also did n't forget how cruelly he had shut me down back on the airplane . 
 stop pining over him ! 
 dressing quickly after my shower , i left the room and descended the rickety staircase . 
 `` good morning ! '' 
 said mary when i reached the first floor . 
 `` sleep well ? '' 
 `` yes , thank you . '' 
 `` breakfast is in the solarium along with your husband . '' 
 husband ? 
 oh , right . 
 william . 
 i followed the sunshine into the next room , which poured through the glass windows . 
 there , i found an extremely tired looking will surrounded by a banquet of food . 
 he looked dead on his feet . 
 on the left was a table with plates and i grabbed one , loading it with food : figs stewed in tea , some sort of concoction with grapefruit , fresh rolls , and homemade jam . 
 `` would you like coffee or tea ? 
 traditional english breakfast or would you like the american version ? '' 
 i might as well go all the way . 
 `` tea and english breakfast , thank you . '' 
 she left the room and i nodded at will from across the table . 
 his eyes were bloodshot . 
 he sipped his coffee . 
 `` this british coffee is weak shit , '' he hissed . 
 `` will , you should really go for a nap . 
 i can walk around by myself . '' 
 he shook his head stubbornly . 
 `` i 'll be fine . '' 
 `` what do you think about the food so far ? '' 
 will nodded in a so-so manner . 
 `` she wins points for making and selling her own jam . 
 and it 's actually pretty good . '' 
 i spread some of the gooseberry jam over a fresh roll and i moaned at the explosion of flavor . 
 `` wow , that is good . '' 
 `` here it is ! '' 
 mary re-entered the solarium with a heavy plate of food for me . 
 she dropped it in front of me . 
 `` uh-thanks ! '' 
 there was a pile of what looked like canned beans in a red sauce , fried tomato slices , strips of what looked like ham , and fried eggs . 
 will smirked at me from across the table and laughed when i tried some of the beans . 
 on the whole , it was pretty unremarkable . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 i forked the meat , which was very thick and fatty . 
 he laughed . 
 `` it 's english bacon . '' 
 i tried it . 
 it was too thick and reminded me of ham . 
 i immediately set it aside and picked my way throughout the plate . 
 `` i do n't like it , '' i said in an undertone . 
 will gave me an amused glance . 
 `` it 's a traditional dish . 
 if you asked me , i would have told you to avoid it . '' 
 i did n't ask you . 
 `` it 's not too bad . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 after breakfast , will and i left the cottage to explore the cotswolds . 
 we drove to bourton-on-the-water , where a wide , slow river ran through the whole village . 
 low-arched stone bridges added to the charm of the bustling village , which looked like something out of a hollywood set . 
 the little stone houses bordered the river and a market of vendors selling wool clothing made the whole place seem somehow fabricated . 
 places like this simply could n't exist . 
 most of the village 's population had greying or white hair . 
 william and i were probably the youngest people there . 
 `` god , i would kill myself if i lived here . '' 
 `` what did you expect ? 
 we 're in the country . '' 
 i bought a cornish pasty from a vendor on the street , which was delicious . 
 it was filled with spiced meat and vegetables . 
 then we drove to a pair of villages called the slaughters and parked the car . 
 i wanted to walk around and really get a feel for the place . 
 i had never seen such beauty . 
 the feeling of being sucked into a fairytale book was overwhelming . 
 the stone cottages side by side , the quiet , little rivers woven through the village , the beautiful green trees and farm fields surrounded us . 
 everything was so moist and green . 
 i could n't believe how quiet it was . 
 it was strange to not hear the sounds of construction , of cars , of anything , really , except songbirds and the rustling of squirrels in trees . 
 i had never been in such a place . 
 i felt totally removed from civilization and i experienced a peace that i never felt before . 
 we walked along the river , passing by people quietly tending to their gardens , and came upon a mill on the river , which was next to a souvenir shop . 
 behind the shop was a path to the next village : upper slaughter . 
 will walked beside me and i gave him a smile . 
 i had to keep resisting the urge to pinch myself . 
 how could this be real ? 
 the dirt path followed the river and on both sides were fields of grazing sheep . 
 there was nothing but the sounds of our feet walking , the gentle river playing and the baaing of sheep . 
 i stopped for a moment just to appreciate it and felt the strangest sensation as i looked over the fence to gaze at the sheep quietly grazing . 
 it was like this quiet , sleepy village cast a spell on me . 
 `` getting ideas for designs ? '' 
 he asked as he joined me on the fence . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 my brain was already freezing images in my head : the yellow stone cottages , the river , and the green fields . 
 `` i 've never been to such a peaceful place . '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i think it 's kind of boring . '' 
 he pushed himself off the fence and threw small rocks into the river , upsetting a white swan gliding downstream . 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 of course will would find it boring . 
 this was completely the opposite of his home in san francisco , which was always bustling with noise and activity . 
 in general , it was hard to find peace and quiet in california , where the brown hills were slowly filling up with little boxes . 
 this place looked like the shire in lord of the rings . 
 i took pictures of everything so that i could refer to them later . 
 he stood close to the river and i was suddenly overcome with an urge to shove him into the water . 
 i was still a little bit angry about how he treated me , and it would be wonderful payback . 
 let 's see how little rich-boy handles getting his feet wet . 
 i tiptoed silently . 
 he still talked to me as if i stood far away . 
 excitement pounded through my rapidly beating heart as i raised my palms to his back and shoved . 
 `` what the fuck ? '' 
 he roared . 
 will stumbled forward , his right foot sinking into the icy river . 
 he turned around with an extremely offended look as i doubled over and laughed , tears squeezing from my eyes . 
 he looked around as if someone else must have been responsible . 
 `` you did this ? 
 what are you , five ? '' 
 i clutched the fence , still crying with laughter as will hopped onto the trail and shook out his drenched tennis shoe . 
 through my laughter i managed to squeak out , `` that 's for being whiny about this place . '' 
 `` i 've got water in my fucking shoe ! '' 
 he looked at me dangerously . 
 `` oh , you 're going to pay for this . '' 
 i screamed and sprinted down the trail as he came after me . 
 luckily , there was no one else around to see us behaving like idiots . 
 despite his exhaustion , he caught up to me easily and yanked me into his chest . 
 before i knew it , i was flying in the air and he was cradling me in his arms , smirking . 
 `` will ! 
 will ! '' 
 he carried me somewhere-i could n't see . 
 `` i ca n't believe you did that , '' he said , smiling down at me . 
 `` that 's so out of character for you . '' 
 my face was on his shoulder . 
 he smelled incredible-like pine and cedar . 
 i was caught between the ecstasy of being so close to him and fear that he was planning something terrible . 
 `` will ! 
 put me down ! '' 
 he raised his eyebrows . 
 `` you sure ? 
 okay . '' 
 `` no ! 
 wait ! '' 
 there was a slight splash and i knew that will held me over the river , ready to throw me inside . 
 he looked crazy enough to do it . 
 he loosened his grip and i slid down slightly . 
 i grasped his shoulders and he tightened his arms around my waist . 
 i was absolutely giddy from being this close to him and i was sure my face was burning . 
 `` apologize , '' he demanded , grinning . 
 `` or i 'll throw you in . '' 
 i glared at him . 
 he would n't really throw me in , would he ? 
 `` no . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` suit yourself . '' 
 icy water sank into my shoes . 
 `` no , stop ! 
 ok , fine ! 
 i 'm sorry ! '' 
 laughing , he stepped back and i found solid ground . 
 i never saw him look so happy . 
 `` i ca n't believe you did that . '' 
 `` me neither , '' i said , my breath caught in my throat . 
 i was back safely on the ground , but his arm was still wrapped around my waist . 
 i could feel every contour of his muscles and his rapid heartbeat . 
 if i just lifted myself on my toes , i could kiss him . 
 the laughter slowly died and will 's eyes looked at me with something entirely different . 
 his fingers splayed on my back and he seemed to finally be aware that he was holding me . 
 he bowed his head , still smiling . 
 all of his heat surrounded me ; i felt his lips claiming mine , my mouth open in shock . 
 the gentle heat i felt in my heart amped to a blazing forest fire . 
 his hard body was against mine , his hands almost lifting me up . 
 i actually dug my fingers into his wild hair and loved how soft it was . 
 his kisses were filled with gunpowder ; they were nothing like the sweet pecks ben always gave me . 
 i leaned into him and bit his bottom lip . 
 somehow , we stumbled back against the fence . 
 will 's mouth weakened me over and over , and then he was planting searing hot kisses under my jaw and down my throat . 
 i moaned as his hands swept around my waist and moved up my abdomen . 
 then he seemed to become aware of where we were and he pulled away . 
 not completely , just enough to make me really disappointed . 
 my nerves and skin were tingling all over , oversensitive . 
 when will 's fingers grazed my neck , i seized as if i was in pain . 
 that was amazing . 
 i wanted to kiss him again , but will winked at me and stepped back . 
 `` c'mon . '' 
 a bit of awkwardness followed that intense make-out session . 
 how were we supposed to behave after that ? 
 will did n't make any attempt to touch me again , but when he looked at me , it was in a completely different way than before . 
 he gave me a secretive smile that made me confused and hot all over . 
 i did n't understand it . 
 it was like being a kid again , discovering a new crush . 
 we walked to upper slaughter and back in silence , appreciating the old-world , gorgeous scenery . 
 what a charming little village . 
 as we returned to the car , my purse buzzed . 
 it startled me so much that it broke me out of my peaceful mood . 
 i dug inside and found it , my heart sinking . 
 it was ben . 
 why was he calling me ? 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 will asked . 
 when i blushed in answer , he stepped closer to me and tried to read the screen . 
 i answered the phone , ignoring him . 
 `` h-hello ? '' 
 `` hey , natalie . '' 
 i gulped at the sound of his voice and tried to turn away from will , who seemed keen on listening in . 
 `` uh-this is a surprise . '' 
 he cut right to the chase . 
 `` i saw pictures of you at the airport with a guy . 
 then i called your parents and they told me you have a new boyfriend . 
 what the hell , natalie ? 
 is this what you meant by ` maybe ' ? '' 
 well , fuck . 
 i was n't aware that there were photos of us . 
 `` he 's not really my-hey ! '' 
 william snatched the phone out of my hands and pressed it against his face . 
 i tried grabbing it back , but he was too tall . 
 his expressive face was animated with energy , like a hound that caught scent of a rabbit . 
 he sneered into my phone . 
 `` why do n't you leave her alone , you pathetic loser . '' 
 ben 's reply was so loud that i could hear it . 
 `` who the fuck is this ? '' 
 `` i 'm william pardini , who the fuck are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm her fiance ! '' 
 his low voice chuckled into the phone . 
 `` yeah , well , i do n't see a ring on her finger . 
 she 's with me now . 
 i suggest you take a hint and move on . '' 
 `` i 'll kick your fucking ass ! '' 
 will bent his head back in mirth ; his eyes glittered with savage triumph . 
 `` oh , please try me . 
 i beg you . '' 
 i leaped for my phone again and wrenched it from his hands . 
 `` ben-ben , it 's not true . '' 
 but there was nothing but dead silence on the other end . 
 i looked at william , fury shaking all of my limbs . 
 he was smiling as if he did me a favor . 
 `` why the hell did you do that ? '' 
 i yelled , completely shattering the quiet , peaceful environment . 
 several passersby looked at me in alarm , but i did n't give a shit . 
 william was still laughing . 
 i grabbed the scruff of his collar and could n't decide whether i wanted to shove or punch him . 
 he ruined any and all chance of ever reconciling with ben forever . 
 i never wanted that . 
 i certainly never wanted someone to make that choice for me . 
 `` what did i do ? '' 
 he said , shrugging . 
 `` you two were on your way out anyway . '' 
 i released his collar . 
 `` you do not get to make that decision for me ! 
 you-you piece of shit ! '' 
 he backed away when i swung at him and a scowl narrowed his eyes . 
 `` dammit , natalie . 
 calm down . '' 
 `` you deserve it and i am pissed off . '' 
 suddenly , the gravity of losing ben forever made my shoulders curl forward . 
 i clutched for the door of the car as i drew a shaky breath . 
 `` you 're a bastard , '' i said in a thick voice . 
 i did n't want him to see me crying so i opened the car door and sat in the backseat , which was scattered with tom 's fur . 
 i do n't know why i felt so out of control . 
 ben just felt like my last lifeline , the man who 'd always made me feel loved . 
 safe . 
 he was n't perfect , but at least he made my parents happy . 
 then i thought about how fucked up that was and cried like a baby , burying my face in my hands . 
 the car door opened a crack and i whirled to him , expecting to see a gloating smile on his face . 
 instead , he looked scared . 
 `` natalie , can i come in ? '' 
 i looked away from him and shrugged as if i did n't care . 
 i heard the sound of him sliding inside the car and closing the door . 
 the air felt stifling . 
 `` i 'm really sorry . '' 
 `` duly noted . '' 
 the leather squeaked as he turned towards me . 
 `` why are you so upset ? 
 i thought you and him were over . 
 i was just trying to - '' `` to what ? '' 
 i exploded . 
 `` to mess with him ? 
 i was happy ! '' 
 i slammed my fist into the leather seat in front of me . 
 `` i was doing fine . 
 i had everything i wanted and then jessica just had to get luke . 
 and ben made a mistake and i threw six years of us away . 
 why ? 
 why the hell did i do that ? '' 
 it all came crashing down on me . 
 the possibility of being alone forever felt very real . 
 i felt like a ticking clock-already twenty-six . 
 i 'd never felt loved by my parents but i finally found someone who loved me . 
 i had ben and i should have kept him . 
 `` you did it because you were n't in love with him . '' 
 will 's voice was smooth and self-assured . 
 that made bile rise in my throat . 
 what did he know about any of it ? 
 `` i did love him ! '' 
 `` if you did , you would n't have come on this trip with me . 
 you would n't have kissed me . '' 
 he took my arm and i wanted to jerk away , but i made the mistake of looking into his eyes . 
 he refused to let me look away . 
 i was trapped and he was drawing me into his sticky web , towards certain disaster . 
 `` you 're scared of being alone . '' 
 my eyes watered . 
 he always said things that no one else would dare say out loud . 
 i could n't deny it . 
 `` yeah , so what ? '' 
 `` natalie , you 're better than him and you deserve better . 
 he does n't love you , if he did , he would n't have fooled around right after you broke up . 
 he would have fought for you . 
 that phone call was just him pissing on his property . '' 
 i did n't want to hear this shit . 
 i knew that every word he said was probably true , but i did n't want it . 
 all he was doing was twisting the knife . 
 `` who else is there ? '' 
 i asked hopelessly as tears slipped down my face . 
 there was no one else . 
 where would i find another guy ? 
 on a dating website ? 
 i made a face . 
 my own mother told me that ben was the best i could 've gotten . 
 `` i 'm nothing special . '' 
 i stopped short of calling myself nothing , but i think will sensed that i had been on the verge of ending the sentence . 
 will slid closer to me and pulled me onto his lap . 
 my chest shook at the sudden contact , as if my body had been craving human contact for months and was now finally getting what it needed . 
 with his arms around me , stroking my hair , i sighed into his chest and felt my muscles unknot . 
 `` natalie , '' his voice boomed through my back . 
 `` your worth does n't depend on any man or woman . 
 it 's through our actions that our worth is defined . '' 
 `` i 'm not brave . 
 i know that if i get the chance , i 'll go back to him . '' 
 yes , i would go back to the man i had lukewarm feelings for . 
 i was disgusted with myself . 
 `` i do n't know what to tell you , '' he sounded almost disappointed . 
 `` is that really how you want to live the rest of your life ? 
 why did you come here with me ? '' 
 my thoughts were barreling along like a high-speed chase . 
 why had i come ? 
 `` because i 've never been to europe and-and i wanted something different . 
 a change . '' 
 `` that 's right . 
 a change . '' 
 his voice throbbed in my ear almost like a sigh , and suddenly a light flickered on and i felt hot all over . 
 i was in the arms of a gorgeous man in one of the most beautiful places i 've ever been . 
 he would have fought for you . 
 did i want will that badly ? 
 was i going to let him slip away , just like that ? 
 i could n't live with myself if i did n't at least try . 
 yes , he was damaged . 
 he was n't perfect , but i was never going to find the perfect man . 
 then i made the decision : i was going to make him want me . 
 i was going to be brave for once in my life . 
 `` you 're right , will . 
 i 'm sorry for acting like this . '' 
 i looked up and our faces were inches from each other . 
 his breath billowed over my face . 
 i unclasped my fingers from his neck and smoothed them over his chest . 
 his breath ever so slightly caught in his throat . 
 now his gaze seemed to tremble within mine-he was uncomfortable with this closeness . 
 a smile appeared on his face . 
 `` i guess i should apologize for taking your phone , but i 'm not that sorry . '' 
 though i did n't want to , i slipped from his lap and his arms unwound themselves from my back . 
 `` let 's get back to the bed and breakfast . 
 i need to work on those designs . '' 
 `` okay , '' he said , giving me a strange look before he got out of the car . 
 * * * while william sat in a meeting with mary downstairs , i sat at the small white desk in my room with my tablet pc and drew . 
 i could n't decide whether i wanted a pastoral theme or a fairy-tale , children 's - book-type theme . 
 there was something idyllic about this place that i could n't quite articulate in words . 
 i cycled through the photos i took during the day . 
 it reminded me of movies i watched as a child , when i believed in magic and secret gardens and fairies . 
 this place almost made me believe in them again . 
 the kissing gate in front of the cottage was ensnared with vines and flowers , almost as if it was guarding something secret . 
 i drew little , circular avatars of the kissing gate , the cottage with a little river wrapped around it , the mill , the green pastures and moody skies . 
 william and his team could decide which ones they wanted . 
 then i began the website banners , and there i could incorporate every detail that i loved about the cotswolds and this bed and breakfast . 
 `` nice work . '' 
 `` shit ! '' 
 i was so immersed that i did n't hear will creep up behind me . 
 will smirked as he took a seat on the bed . 
 `` too bad all that work will probably be for nothing . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i said , aghast . 
 `` i 'm just not sure this place lives up to the pardini brand . 
 people who go to our hotels expect excellence . 
 luxury . 
 this ... '' he shook his head as he gazed at the ceiling , his eyes focusing on the chips of paint here and there . 
 `` oh , come on . 
 this is affordable , is n't it ? 
 and it 's a cottage . 
 it 's going to be cramped and small . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` this is n't what i had in mind . '' 
 giving up , i returned back to my drawings . 
 no matter what , i would put all of my effort into them . 
 the next day , we bid farewell to mary and gathered tom back into his cage to drive to the next destination : bath . 
 will offered to drive , but i shot him down with a look . 
 no freaking way . 
 i was a lot less nervous driving than yesterday , so it was n't catastrophic . 
 back at cheltenham , we returned the car and took the train to bath spa . 
 we found ourselves on a hill , with rows and rows of yellow and beige houses . 
 the train tracks ran straight through the suburbs . 
 fantastic green hills surrounded us , but it was clear that we were far away from all the attractions . 
 `` why could n't we call a cab ? '' 
 `` because we 're here to experience england like everybody else . 
 or something like that . '' 
 he smiled at me . 
 `` did you go to boarding school too ? '' 
 `` nope , '' he said , sounding proud of that . 
 `` i went to private schools in chicago with my brothers . 
 mom did n't want to send us away . '' 
 i wondered about his upbringing . 
 i knew that his cousin , luke , was bitter about being sent away to a boarding school . 
 was he better off ? 
 `` so did you grow up getting everything you wanted ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i was a spoiled little shit . 
 when i grew up , i became an asshole . 
 i was just drunk on the power of being really rich and able to get literally anything i wanted . 
 then ... '' his face darkened . 
 and then you got into a car accident , and it changed you . 
 the pain twisted his face . 
 `` i did n't really become a human being until a few years ago . '' 
 it was such a strange thing to say , and yet i understood what he meant perfectly . 
 up until that point , will had lived like a wild animal ; taking what he wanted and devouring every opportunity without a thought of how it would affect anyone else . 
 then he changed . 
 he developed thoughts and feelings that contributed towards a desire to help other people , breaking free of the crazed , hedonistic drive of adolescence . 
 how old was i when i `` became human ? '' 
 i think it was when i escaped my parent 's clutches and was able to think for myself for once in my life . 
 when i was outside of their influence and when i learned that not everything they told me was true , it was like a door opening in my mind . 
 one i never knew existed . 
 i remembered all the strange lies they told me , like how everyone who used paper plates must be worthless white trash . 
 that was what mom always said and we only had ceramic dishes in our house . 
 it was ridiculous to think about . 
 that was one thing jessica could n't ever understand . 
 what it was like to grow up with parents telling you what to do and what to believe in all the time-and suddenly having that ripped away . 
 and feeling lost . 
 utterly lost . 
 william learned that lesson the hard way . 
 `` i 'm scared of that part of me . 
 i almost completely disappeared . 
 i was the only one of my brothers to go off the deep end . 
 so that 's why i try to avoid relying too much on my wealth . '' 
 because that 's when bad things happen ? 
 `` life should n't be easy . '' 
 and that , apparently , was why we were dragging our luggage up a steep hill . 
 `` no , but it sure is nice sometimes . '' 
 i gave him a sly smile . 
 `` never know when you 'll need to bribe someone . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` luke called me to bitch about that . 
 apparently , the guy was irate . 
 the bank almost called the cops on him . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` you guys behave like children . 
 why do you hate luke so much ? '' 
 will made a face . 
 `` i do n't hate him . 
 i just think he 's an arrogant bastard . 
 telling me to stay away from you , like i 'm a toxic person . '' 
 we finally had the bed and breakfast in sight . 
 `` i think he 's angry with you because your dad tried to sell the shares in his trust . '' 
 he wheeled around . 
 `` what ? '' 
 my heart jumped . 
 `` did n't you know that ? 
 luke is suing your dad . '' 
 `` holy shit , '' he moaned . 
 `` i ca n't believe he 'd do that . '' 
 i could see will 's mind boiling with what i said the whole day . 
 we finally found the bed and breakfast , which was owned by a cheery man with an affinity for country music . 
 designing the logo for the bath location was easy ; the roman baths were the main attraction and it was easy to draw a quick sketch of the yellow pillars and the green , bubbling pool . 
 below the room , i heard will grilling the owner about his profits . 
 i heard his heavy footsteps climbing the stairs and i braced for the moment when he would burst inside the room . 
 he had a habit of violently opening doors and scaring me to death . 
 sure enough , seconds later , the door swung open and nearly banged the opposite wall . 
 he scowled when he realized there was no bathroom attached to the room . 
 and there was still only one queen bed . 
 `` we can share the bed . 
 it 's no big deal . '' 
 will removed his jacket , watching me carefully as if i was up to something , but he was too tired to argue . 
 both of us were exhausted from walking to and from the roman baths and exploring the abbey . 
 my hands were feeling a bit stiff and i swiveled in the chair , wringing my fingers . 
 `` take a break for god 's sake . 
 watching you work is exhausting . '' 
 i set the stylus down and sighed , leaning into the chair . 
 my eyes widened when will took the hem of his white t-shirt and lifted it over his head . 
 it was like being injected with adrenaline . 
 suddenly , i felt much more awake . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 shut up , idiot ! 
 let him take his clothes off ! 
 `` i 'm just getting ready for bed . 
 you do n't have to stare , you know . '' 
 i was unable to look away . 
 under his t-shirt was a carved abdomen . 
 his defined chest and shoulders made my mouth water . 
 my eyes raked up and down , taking note of the small dark patch of hair on his chest and the faint line dipping below his belly button . 
 he caught me staring at him and smiled . 
 `` like what you see ? '' 
 of course , i do and you know it . 
 then he yanked his jeans down and my breath caught in my throat . 
 `` jesus . '' 
 a pair of tight , black briefs hugged his ass . 
 i wanted to bump against him and run my hands all over him , but he merely slid into the bed and closed his eyes , smiling slightly . 
 now what ? 
 do i join him ? 
 he said he had no interest in me , but he kissed me . 
 i already wore my pajamas , which were just a loose t-shirt and flannel pants , with no bra . 
 i walked to the bed , cursing the loud noise of my feet creaking the wood floorboards . 
 peeling back the comforter , i got a nice view of his body and simultaneously felt like a pervert . 
 i slid inside and joined his warmth , shaking with nerves . 
 but will showed no sign that he was aware that i was in bed with him . 
 his eyes remained closed . 
 god , i felt like a complete idiot . 
 will was n't interested in me . 
 i was only setting myself up to be rejected . 
 again . 
 i turned away from him and listened to the sound of him breathing and his legs moving under the sheets . 
 how strange it is to be in bed with someone i 'm not sure i 'm allowed to touch . 
 there was another movement under the sheets and i felt the pad of one finger running a line down my neck , over my shoulder and body , over my bony hip . 
 his other fingers joined to stroke my upper thigh . 
 heart racing , i turned into his body . 
 his heat spilled all over me and he kept his hand anchored on my hip . 
 his eyes opened , revealing red-rimmed exhaustion , and yet his gaze was rigid . 
 there was a strand of black hair in his eye and i reached for it with my fingers to push it behind his ear . 
 `` you surprised me today . 
 i thought you had no sense of humor . '' 
 `` i thought you were a bastard . '' 
 he grinned and squeezed my hip . 
 `` and now ? '' 
 `` you 're still one . '' 
 i sought his pouting , bottom lip and sucked it into my mouth . 
 he sighed , and i ran my hands down his neck to stroke the broad muscles of his chest , stopping here and there to squeeze . 
 his hands slipped under my shirt and slid up my back . 
 he moaned when he realized that i was n't wearing a bra . 
 we both gasped when his thumbs slid around , stroking the sides of my breasts . 
 my nipples hardened under my t-shirt and he slid his fingers around , teasing the sensitive flesh . 
 then his hot hands outright groped my breasts and i kissed him harder , burying him in the bed . 
 he seized the two hard nubs and pinched them between his thumb and forefinger . 
 our lips finally parted and both of us breathed as though we ran a marathon . 
 i sat up and lifted the shirt from my head , fixing will with a smoldering look . 
 `` jesus . '' 
 smiling , i lay on top of him and relished the contact of his naked chest . 
 i could hear his breath thick with desire , going mad with my half-naked body on top of him . 
 he gave me a pained look . 
 `` no , i 'm sorry . 
 i ca n't do this . '' 
 but even as he said it , his arms refused to let me go . 
 my back shivered as he ran his hands down and gently squeezed my ass . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` because if we keep going , i 'm going to fuck you . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 he gave me a half-frustrated , half-smoldering look . 
 `` i do n't want to be a one-night stand . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 his fingers weaved through my hair and pulled slightly . 
 `` and when i 'm with someone , i want them to be thinking of me and only me . '' 
 i was lost . 
 `` you 're not over your ex yet . 
 i like you , natalie . 
 i like you more than you probably realize , but i want a real chance with you . '' 
 something hot shot up my legs when he said that . 
 i looked at his heavy-lidded eyes , his slightly flushed , hollow cheeks and the downy black hair and i could n't understand why the hell he thought i pined over ben while i was in bed with him . 
 `` that 's a really sweet thing to say . '' 
 his smile widened . 
 `` i know . 
 now , kiss me . '' 
 i sank to my elbows and grabbed his hair , kissing him harder than i 'd kissed anyone in my life . 
 his mouth was soft against mine , barely able to keep up . 
 i played with his ears , running my fingers over them lightly because i knew that it would drive him crazy . 
 he suddenly got up on his elbows and flipped me onto my back . 
 will groaned as he sat back , admiring the view of my body . 
 his erection dug into my hip and i felt a leap of excitement . 
 looking disgusted with himself , will got off my legs and turned away from me . 
 `` okay , '' i said to his back . 
 `` we can wait if you want . '' 
 he turned around , his eyebrows lifted . 
 `` okay ? '' 
 he sounded disappointed . 
 i leaned over and pecked his mouth , trying not to smile at his floored expression . 
 `` good night . '' 
 smirking , i turned around in the bed . 
 i could feel his confusion , but i knew what i was doing . 
 i wanted him chasing me again-i wanted his hands running up my hips when we were out in public . 
 `` tease . '' 
 the bed bounced as he left the bed to go to the bathroom . 
 i smiled to myself . 
 chapter 7 so how is he ? 
 is he behaving ? 
 sort of . 
 i 'm having the time of my life ! 
 how 's luke ? 
 her next text was a bit troubling : not so good . 
 ca n't tell you on text . 
 i frowned to myself and glanced at will , who was passed out on the train we were taking to monterosso al mare , italy . 
 his cat slept on his lap . 
 she must be referring to the lawsuit with will 's father . 
 i chewed my lip , feeling bad for luke , but what could i do about it ? 
 i told will about the lawsuit and he is going to see his father in chicago . 
 she texted back quickly : really ? 
 wow . 
 william reacted with anger and disappointment towards his father whenever i mentioned the lawsuit . 
 he might not be a friend to luke , but he did not approve of his father 's actions . 
 i could tell that he was itching to go back to chicago . 
 i returned to the sketch on my tablet . 
 over the last week , i sent dozens of designs to the marketing department and the feedback so far was overwhelmingly positive . 
 though , who knew if any of them would be actually used ? 
 i had a vague understanding of where we were going , only that it was on the italian riviera . 
 occasionally , the train would leave a tunnel and i would catch a glimpse of a deep , blue ocean crashing on a green coast , and my heart soared . 
 we left the damp isles of the uk and took a plane to eze , france , a gorgeous , coastal town with breathtaking views . 
 will had assured me that the next stop would be even more spectacular : cinque terre . 
 it meant `` five lands . '' 
 it did n't even really matter whether this job amounted to anything . 
 i was having an incredible time with will exploring all these places . 
 throughout the week , will had been able to keep his hands to himself . 
 there was still the occasional , hot make-out session , but nothing more . 
 it was really frustrating . 
 will twitched and moaned in his sleep . 
 recognizing the signs , i leaned forward and shook his shoulder hard . 
 his eyes shot open and he nodded , thanking me . 
 i wanted to ask him about it , but every time i did he shut down . 
 my mind flooded with doubts about continuing this-whatever this was between us . 
 there was a deep sadness within him that i just could n't reach and i felt myself drifting further away from him . 
 `` wow , '' i said when we disembarked the train . 
 ` wow ' was the only appropriate response i could think of . 
 a small , white beach gleamed under the bright sunshine , sparkling , deep blue water crashing on the shore . 
 behind the train station was the tiny cliff-side village of monterosso . 
 pastel-colored , cramped buildings sat on top of each other . 
 vineyards filled the green hills , spiraling around and around . 
 we walked along the beach with our luggage and the sounds of accordion music lifted me up . 
 `` this is incredible . '' 
 will blinked in the sunlight and smiled at me . 
 `` i told you . '' 
 we walked through the tunnel into the heart of the town . 
 according to a placard in front of it , the tunnel was erected after a disastrous flood in 2010 . 
 my suitcase rolled and bumped on the cobblestones . 
 ahead of me , the stone path lifted and snared around the hill , which would lead to the next village , but will and i turned left to find our bed and breakfast . 
 there were markets and restaurants , tourists lifting heavy cameras from their necks to document every spectacular angle . 
 my eyes moved restlessly from detail to detail . 
 there were just a thousand things to look at and my brain could n't process them fast enough . 
 the street became steep and my legs strained , until finally there was a sign , `` villa steno . '' 
 lemon trees surrounded the cheery , yellow building and we rolled into the tiny lobby . 
 `` we 're excited to have you here , mr. pardini . '' 
 the receptionist handed him the keys to our room and she showed us the way , with only the slightest hesitation at the cat sitting on top of luke 's luggage . 
 `` breakfast is from seven to nine , we also serve drinks in the lobby after seven . 
 there 's a terrace on the roof where people like to have drinks . 
 here 's your room . '' 
 the sunshine-yellow room had a double bed . 
 she walked across to open the patio doors and we received a magnificent view of the town and ocean . 
 `` here are trail maps for hiking . 
 if there 's anything else you need , please do n't hesitate to ask . '' 
 will nodded at her , looking pleased with the arrangements . 
 there was a safe in the closet , a desk , several chairs , but for me the greatest thing was the patio , which overlooked the tiny village and the sea . 
 tom jumped out of his cage the moment he was freed and dashed outside to perch on the patio wall . 
 the door closed softly and finally will and i were alone . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 he slid up behind me and curled his arm around my waist . 
 after seven days of rainy , cloudy british skies , the sunshine pouring over my face was a welcome reprieve . 
 i turned into will 's arms and nestled my head under his chin . 
 `` i love it . '' 
 i played with the fingers wrapped around my waist and felt his chest swell and exhale a long breath . 
 `` it 's amazing . '' 
 i watched tom bathe himself on the wall , his fur gleaming in the sun . 
 surrounding the patio were dozens of lemon trees and brightly colored homes , which faced the rolling ocean . 
 my body relaxed in will 's arms , but at the same time my heart was galloping forward . 
 `` this is nice . '' 
 a deep sound of assent rumbled through his chest . 
 `` yeah , it 's beautiful here . '' 
 `` no , i meant being held like this . '' 
 i turned around in his arms and looked up at his face , which stared down at me with unhidden longing . 
 i lifted myself on my toes and kissed him softly , with a hint of my tongue sweeping inside to make him long for more . 
 his breath shuddered when i pulled back sharply , his fingers kneading my back . 
 the battle raged behind his eyes . 
 `` natalie , i want you , but - '' `` but nothing . 
 i want you , too . 
 so why ca n't we ? '' 
 his eyes blazed and then they clouded , as if he had been dealt a serious blow . 
 `` i do n't deserve you . '' 
 i was worried by the expression on his face-he looked really low . 
 even his voice sounded as if he 'd lost all of its energy . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` i 'm a terrible person and i do n't deserve to suck down the same oxygen as everyone else . '' 
 everything slammed to a screeching halt and i looked at the broken man standing in front of me . 
 `` jesus , will ! 
 have you been taking your medication ? '' 
 i slipped from his arms and charged towards the bed , where his bag sat . 
 i rifled through it and found two empty prescription bottles . 
 a hollow feeling swallowed me as i held them in my hands . 
 `` i dumped them in the toilet , '' he admitted , crossing his arms . 
 `` why the hell would you do that ? '' 
 `` because i was numb-i could n't feel anything . 
 grief , remorse , guilt-they 're all normal , human emotions and i ca n't just take a pill to shut everything out . 
 i have to deal with it . '' 
 not again , i thought desperately . 
 images of jessica lying in a pool of her own blood from her slashed wrists burned in my mind . 
 `` but suicide , will - '' `` i do n't want to kill myself , '' he said sharply . 
 `` i just sometimes wish that i were dead . 
 do n't you ? '' 
 i shook my head violently . 
 `` no ! 
 will , that is beyond fucked up . 
 you need to forgive yourself and allow yourself to feel better . 
 making one mistake does n't mean that you deserve to be tortured forever . '' 
 he smiled humorlessly . 
 `` one mistake , '' he said blackly . 
 `` it was more like three . '' 
 three ? 
 what does that mean ? 
 three people ? 
 my body seized as he walked past me , his face suffused with so much hatred that for a moment i was terrified . 
 he slammed the bathroom door shut as i sank on the bed , numb with shock . 
 * * * will found me on the terrace an hour later , drawing more sketches . 
 he said nothing about what happened earlier , he only threw a backpack at me and told me that i was expected to hike with him . 
 my mind reeled with what he told me-and the things he had n't . 
 i resolved myself to ask him what happened when we got back from hiking . 
 he needs help . 
 i doubt anyone knows what he 's going through . 
 i thought about calling luke , but i knew that will would n't want anyone to know about his issues . 
 from the tense look on his face , i knew that he regretted the meltdown in our hotel room . 
 i really understood why luke warned me about him . 
 he was n't stable . 
 he did n't take his medication ; he was completely fucked up with guilt . 
 borderline suicidal . 
 i already went through that with jessica , and i knew that i did n't want to spend years trying to fix someone , but that did n't mean that i had no sympathy for him . 
 will and i walked along the uneven path , saying little and quietly appreciating the spectacular scenery . 
 every so often i would glance to my right and just stop to gaze at the endless deep blue water that shifted into a vivid turquoise when it approached the shore . 
 combined with the bright green grape vine-covered hills and the colorful houses , it all looked like a highly colored , vivid dream . 
 none of it seemed possible , and yet , i was here . 
 i walked on the trails and observed it all with my eyes . 
 we climbed high up the hill until our village was just a tiny handful of brightly colored boxes , shining like a beacon . 
 green , luscious vegetation surrounded our path ; endless rows of grapes wound around the hills , reminding me of california . 
 on the way up , a man-sized hole was cut in a chain-link fence , revealing a tiny wooden stand and a man crouched underneath . 
 a crude wooden sign said , `` fresh limoncello and lemonade ! '' 
 tired hikers stopped to buy small cups of fresh lemonade from the exuberant salesman behind the hole in the fence . 
 the sun beating down on our backs made a cup of fresh lemonade sound very appealing , but i decided to try the limoncello instead . 
 cinque terre was known for its lemon liquor and i still had n't tried it . 
 `` do you want to have some ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i do n't drink . '' 
 nevertheless , william entered the queue to buy my drink , refusing my offer to pay . 
 he returned with a small glass of acid-yellow liquid and a plastic cup of lemonade for himself . 
 he smiled as i took a sip . 
 it was very sweet but refreshing . 
 he laughed at me . 
 `` what 's so funny ? '' 
 `` you 're going to fall on your ass . 
 that stuff is pretty strong . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i do n't feel anything . '' 
 i took another swig of the almost sickly sweet beverage and smacked my lips . 
 `` that 's because you 're standing still . '' 
 sure enough , when i took a step and lurched upwards , i stumbled . 
 my ears burned as william 's laughter rang out on the narrow path . 
 it annoyed me , but it was so nice to see him smile that i did n't object . 
 my mind swimming , i focused on putting one foot in front of the other . 
 i yelped as i collided with will 's stationary body and would have fallen down if he had n't grabbed my arm . 
 `` sorry , '' i gasped as i righted myself . 
 `` i was n't watching where i was going . '' 
 `` lightweight , '' he muttered . 
 `` try not to kill us both , will you ? '' 
 i felt another wave of warm dizziness that had nothing to do with alcohol as he squeezed my arm . 
 we continued up the trail and i drank the bottle of water to shake the warm sleepiness from my limbs . 
 gradually , the buzz from the limoncello melted away and we were rewarded with an incredible view of the next village , vernazza . 
 the pile of multicolored buildings sat directly on the beach below the green hills , wrapping around a tiny harbor where a half dozen boats rocked from the ocean waves . 
 we stood there for a while , taking pictures of the village and appreciating the view before we began the descent down . 
 gradually the path became level . 
 ahead of us was a picnic table with a sign and a blue bucket hanging on a tree . 
 a tabby cat sat on the table , licking himself . 
 the sign was in italian . 
 william moved his lips soundlessly as he read the sign and his face darkened . 
 `` what does it say ? '' 
 `` it just says to feed the stray cats with the food in the bucket . '' 
 we stood in a small clearing in a forest area . 
 several yellow eyes blinked at me from hanging , low branches . 
 a black cat watched us from the arm of a tree , another one scratched its claws on the bark of a tree , and yet another dashed from bush to bush . 
 another cat leapt on the table and meowed plaintively at us . 
 will outstretched his hand and the cat immediately bumped its head against his knuckles . 
 `` poor bastards , '' he sighed . 
 on closer inspection , we saw that many of the cats had filthy , mite-infested ears . 
 some were limping badly , and others had sores in their mouths . 
 `` i wish i could help them . '' 
 apparently , he had a soft spot for animals . 
 i wanted to roll my eyes at the whole thing , but will looked upset at the state of the animals . 
 `` well , why ca n't you ? 
 just hire people to trap the cats and bring them to a vet in town . 
 it 's a huge waste of time , but it 's obviously important to you . 
 i ca n't wait to see the headlines , ` foreign billionaire saves cats of cinque terre . ' '' 
 will looked at me like i had just sprouted an extra head . 
 `` you 're a genius . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i 'll make a few calls later . '' 
 you should fix your own problems , first . 
 my head boiled with it , but i said nothing . 
 i would confront him about it later when we had more privacy . 
 still , the cat situation seemed to pull him out of the well of depression and he talked excitedly about what he was going to do to help . 
 he was going to set up a trap , neuter , and release program and pay locals to take them to the vets in la spezia . 
 i already regretted mentioning my idea to will . 
 we needed to focus on completing his campaign . 
 there were even more cats when we descended to vernazza . 
 they prowled the cobblestone streets and hopped on chairs to beg from tourists eating lunch . 
 will pet the ones that approached him , grief stirring in his eyes when they pawed his hand . 
 `` i did n't know you were such a bleeding heart , '' i said as i stroked the yellowed , filthy fur of a white cat . 
 `` i like animals . 
 i feel like i ought to help them , especially when i have the means to do so . '' 
 i stood up and brushed my fingers lightly over his hair . 
 whatever helps you sleep at night . 
 it added a sweet , sensitive side of him i 'd never witnessed before . 
 will was always so abrasive that it was bizarre to see him obsess over a handful of stray cats . 
 `` you ca n't save every single cat . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 he frowned at me and stood up , dusting off his hands . 
 `` i think i 've one more village in me and then i should head back to start working . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` okay . '' 
 the ascent to the next town made my thighs scream in protest , but the views were perhaps the most breathtaking . 
 we were on the edge of the terrace , looking down at the inviting ocean stretched out as far as i could see . 
 `` let 's just stay here , '' i said wistfully . 
 `` you can buy a place and we can stay here-you can rescue cats and i can sell my paintings to tourists . 
 you speak italian-it would be perfect ! '' 
 will turned around with a happy , mischievous gleam in his eyes . 
 `` oh , yeah ? 
 you 'd be happy staying here , playing house ? 
 what about all of your ambition ? '' 
 watching the rolling waves had me hypnotized . 
 `` all of that does n't seem to matter anymore . '' 
 `` you would get bored of it . 
 and i would drive you crazy . '' 
 william wiped the sheen of sweat from his brow with the back of his dark hand and squinted at me under the sun . 
 why is he so determined to push me away ? 
 `` i do n't think i could ever get bored around you . 
 i can never predict what you 'll do next . '' 
 `` why do you want me , natalie ? '' 
 he asked suddenly . 
 are you kidding me ? 
 i wanted to scream . 
 `` i want you for your money , that 's all . '' 
 he smirked . 
 `` i would believe that , except that you have n't asked me to buy you anything this whole trip . '' 
 he was looking at me as though he had never seen anything quite like me . 
 i gave him a faint smile . 
 `` maybe i 'm just waiting until we 're married . '' 
 i laughed out loud at his widened eyes . 
 `` relax , i 'm just teasing . '' 
 he shook his head and scowled at me with a do n't - joke-about-things-like-that expression . 
 `` you really just seem like a normal , middle class girl . 
 why would you want me ? '' 
 why would you want all of my baggage ? 
 i brushed his hair from his face and fingered the back of his neck and ear . 
 he closed his eyes . 
 `` you 're selling yourself short . 
 you 're a great guy and you 're fun to be around . 
 maybe it 's because you make me feel like i 'm special . 
 you realize you could get any girl you wanted , right ? '' 
 the realization of that fact made my heart clench with pain . 
 i was not a great catch-i was just normal . 
 even he admitted it . 
 `` yes , but when you 're constantly surrounded by people tripping over themselves to impress you , you start looking for something different . 
 someone like you . 
 you treat me like you would anyone else . 
 i 've never met a girl who made me feel-normal . '' 
 normal ? 
 was that a good thing to be ? 
 i always raged against being normal , hating my perfect background because it made my whole life seem so inadequate . 
 to only reach so far with so much help and education seemed mediocre . 
 and yet , william liked me because of it . 
 i was n't the type to bend to his every demand . 
 i did n't take advantage of his wealth . 
 was it that hard to find someone who was like me ? 
 `` well-thanks . '' 
 his hand tightened around my waist and he kissed my forehead . 
 i hugged him , inhaling his scent and wanting more . 
 he lifted my chin with his index finger and gave me a kiss that made me want to collapse in his arms . 
 it was hard and biting , filled with all his pent-up sexual tension . 
 he backed me against the fence separating the path from the vineyards and his hands groped my ass , squeezing hard . 
 his tongue shoved into my mouth and mingled with mine , and then he retreated , giving my lips a small bite before he finally pulled back to breathe . 
 that fiery blaze was back in his eyes that said : i 'm going to fuck your brains out when we get back . 
 my palm slid down from his waist and anchored over the hard bump bulging in his shorts . 
 he gasped as i squeezed him and i felt a little shock of excitement of my own . 
 i kissed him hard and let go because there were people walking up the path . 
 william managed to straighten himself before they caught up to us . 
 he turned towards the fence as if he was tired as i stood beside him and laughed . 
 `` groping me in public , '' he muttered indistinctly , shooting me a hot glare . 
 when we finally reached the wind-swept corniglia after a winding series of stairs that led down , we took the small train back to our bed and breakfast . 
 will kept his arm draped around me during the trip and i nestled in his embrace . 
 it was almost as if we were a real couple . 
 by the time we reached monterosso , the sun burned like orange glitter over the darkening water . 
 we held hands and walked along the beach , william 's flyaway hair flattened against his head . 
 we kissed again , and the knowledge that we were so close to our hotel room made my heart throb with anxiety . 
 would he be good ? 
 i did n't have a lot of experience to compare him to . 
 i was with ben for the last six years , and our sex life was , well , lacking . 
 `` we should eat somewhere . '' 
 `` eat ? '' 
 i said , as if i had never heard something so ridiculous . 
 `` yes , '' he smirked , laying his hot lips over me again and again . 
 `` we 've been hiking all day , i 'm hungry . '' 
 a series of camera flashes from the corner of my eyes distracted me . 
 tourists , probably . 
 no , it could n't be . 
 william curled his arm around me and roared at man clicking away , screaming something in italian . 
 `` vaffanculo ! '' 
 the man scuttled away like a roach . 
 `` fucking paparazzi , '' he roared . 
 i shuddered at the thought that our pictures would be blasted over social media websites . 
 `` are n't you used to it by now ? '' 
 `` never . '' 
 while will steamed about the run-in with the pap , i looked around for restaurants . 
 having no idea what was good , i suggested things at random . 
 will said he knew a great place so i took his hand and followed his lead . 
 we entered a dingy looking restaurant with a very humble interior and a surly waiter , however , will assured me that the food was great . 
 i watched him in fascination as he conversed with the waiter in rapid-fire italian , picking out only a few words from my mediocre spanish . 
 `` si prego '' was a phrase that i heard repeated often , but i was n't sure what it meant . 
 `` where did you learn it ? '' 
 i asked when the waiter left . 
 `` italian school on saturdays until i was about sixteen . '' 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 `` never used it except with my parents and grandparents , when they were still alive . '' 
 the waiter returned with a small carafe of wine . 
 he poured me a glass but will waved him off when he tried to fill his glass . 
 i knew that will did n't drink , but i did n't exactly know why . 
 `` i thought you might like their house wine , '' will explained . 
 i took a sip and found it to be wonderfully dry , like chianti . 
 `` it 's great . 
 do you want to try it ? '' 
 he licked his lips as if he really wanted it , but he shook his head . 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 i raised an eyebrow but said nothing . 
 clearly , this fell under the category of things will did n't like to talk about . 
 `` so much for getting any work done today , '' i sighed as i took another sip of wine . 
 its warmth washed over me like a sleeping spell . 
 my eyelids were heavy . 
 `` tell me about your family . 
 your life . 
 you know a lot about me but i know almost nothing about you . '' 
 my face burned under will 's flattering interest . 
 `` not much to tell , really . 
 no siblings . 
 my parents are both dentists . 
 they wanted me to become one , but i never had any interest . '' 
 `` i just do n't see you cleaning people 's teeth . '' 
 `` neither did i. parents were pretty disappointed that i became a graphic designer . '' 
 `` they 'll get over it , '' he paused for a moment and actually thought about it . 
 `` actually , they might not . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i agreed , feeling suddenly heavy . 
 `` i do n't think they will-even if everything else in my life was perfect . '' 
 the menu items blurred as i blinked away a sudden rush of tears . 
 do not cry . 
 it felt shitty to realize that the people who raised me would never be happy with who i became . 
 i hid my face behind the menu and squeezed my eyes shut . 
 why was it so painful ? 
 `` hey , '' he said in a soft voice i never heard before . 
 `` do n't be upset . 
 i 'm the only person whose opinion matters in your life . '' 
 he winked . 
 he was trying to cheer me up . 
 i set the menu down and smiled weakly . 
 we ended up ordering seafood dishes with hand-made pasta and ate slowly , talking little . 
 it was enough to sit comfortably in each other 's presence . 
 when we left the restaurant , night had fallen and the streets were empty . 
 laughter echoed from the few bars in the tiny village , but we held hands and walked towards our hotel . 
 it was a balmy night , with the smells of lemon trees and the mixed aromas of the restaurants surrounding us . 
 occasionally , he 'd glance at me and smile and i felt the beginning of something stirring in my chest . 
 i knew that it would be hell when we were separated . 
 what then ? 
 i opened my mouth several times to ask him , but i could n't summon up the courage . 
 `` will , thanks for bringing me here . 
 i really appreciate everything you 've done for me . '' 
 we stopped in front of the hotel room and will used the keycard to let me in . 
 i kept wiping my hands on my jeans . 
 `` how grateful are you ? '' 
 the door closed and will 's commanding presence overfilled the small room ; the air was thinner and his laser-like eyes rooted me to the spot , frightening and exciting me at the same time . 
 the hint of something suggestive in his voice made me shudder all over . 
 i clawed at my necklace and twisted the pendant in my fingers . 
 `` i-i 'm really - '' i broke off with a nervous chuckle as will stood in front of me , smiling with so much confidence that it ought to have been fined . 
 `` i 'm nervous . '' 
 `` yes , i can see that . 
 you 're a scared little bird . 
 i 'm afraid that if i move too quickly you 'll fly away . '' 
 but i wanted him , so i took a small step and leaned into his chest , sighing with relief when he wrapped his arms around me . 
 i felt the reassuring thump of his heart against mine and relaxed . 
 his hands moved to the back of my head . 
 `` natalie , kiss me . '' 
 i launched myself upwards and felt the roughness of his cheek , the bump of his hips , his hands suddenly possessing me . 
 his lips roughly claimed mine and he pushed me backwards , towards the small bed . 
 i fell onto the mattress and will 's heavy weight followed me , his lips and tongue refusing to let go of my mouth . 
 i moaned into his mouth as his fingers slid my tank top and bra down so that my breasts bulged . 
 `` fuck . '' 
 i gasped when he bit my lip hard and sent a trail of heat blazing down my neck , kissing and sucking my flesh . 
 i knew where his lips were headed and i wrapped my hands around his head , so impatient that i wanted to jerk him by his hair . 
 he stopped to give a wet kiss on the crest and then teased his tongue around the very center of my breast , my whole body shuddering when he accidentally touched my nipple . 
 i cried out when he finally went in for the kill , his mouth opening to devour my breast and sucking hard on my firm nipple , groping the other breast with his hand . 
 i pressed down hard on his head , flattening my breast against his face , but i did n't care . 
 my breast popped out of his mouth , red and shining . 
 he smiled at me wickedly . 
 `` you liked that , did n't you ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i gasped . 
 `` do n't stop . '' 
 the bulge digging into my hip told me that william liked it too . 
 my stomach shivered as he attacked the other breast , kneading the swollen one with his hot hand as he sucked the other one . 
 jesus . 
 he tongued my nipple , sending electrical shocks of pleasure all the way down , making me buck against his waist . 
 i wanted to see his body . 
 i tugged the hem of his shirt until will finally sat up and ripped it off his body . 
 he sat on me , straddling my waist as i gazed at his olive-skinned , athletic body in all its glory . 
 i sat up and he let my hands explore his body , traveling up his flat , hard stomach to the slight dent between his pecs . 
 i smoothed my hands over his flat chest and he reached around me to pull the tank top and bra over my head . 
 he pulled me against him and i sighed with the thrill of having our naked bodies touching . 
 i reached down and stroked the bulge in his pants as we kissed . 
 i unzipped his pants and gripped his length , still trapped in his boxers . 
 the head of his cock was damp and it had seeped through the fabric . 
 i slipped my hand between the boxers and his skin , curling my fingers around his hard rod . 
 then suddenly , he flipped me around and tore my jeans and panties down to my knees and forced me on all fours . 
 i heard a quick , plastic sound and suddenly his hardness slipped up and down my wetness , massaging my clit . 
 `` yes , will ! '' 
 he lunged forward , his thickness spearing me open , ramming deep inside and setting off every pleasurable nerve that existed . 
 the pain at being swiftly penetrated was punctuated by a rush of pleasure that made me moan and buck my hips against him . 
 suddenly , i yelped in pain . 
 william slapped my ass hard , the imprint of his hand burning against my cheek . 
 no one had ever taken me like this . 
 it felt so good . 
 i fell against the wall and used my hands to brace will 's hard thrusts , groaning when his hips slapped against my ass , his cock buried as deep as he could go . 
 and his hands were anchored on my hips , holding me against him so that he could pull backwards hard when he hammered forward , intensifying that amazing feeling driving me high , turning me into a madwoman who shrieked and groaned , succumbing completely to desire . 
 he had the stamina of a bull , and even though i felt his hands slipping with sweat , he drilled me nonstop . 
 the force of his thrusts never let up , all of his crazed energy was focused into fucking me as hard as possible . 
 finally , when i felt like i was on the verge of collapse , he wrenched me backwards and spun me around so that i was straddling his waist . 
 his black hair stuck to the back of his neck and his face was rosy with color . 
 he gripped my hair and forced my head forward , plunging his tongue down my mouth as i tried to kiss him . 
 william was in complete control . 
 he lifted my waist and set me down over his lap . 
 i grabbed his cock and sighed as i sank down , feeling my walls expand as he filled me up . 
 `` up and down , '' he said , breathing deeply . 
 i grabbed his shoulders and lifted my hips rhythmically , my thighs slapping his flesh as i sank down quickly . 
 my nipples brushed his lips as i bounced up and plummeted down ; he gathered them in his mouth , moaning as he felt me squeeze him with my powerful walls . 
 `` jesus , natalie . '' 
 he took my hips and began to thrust upwards , impatient with my slow rhythm . 
 i held his face against my breasts and moved up and down , grinding hard when i felt him impale me . 
 will kissed me as we joined our bodies over and over . 
 then he fell forward and i fell on my back with my legs still wrapped around him . 
 i groaned as he dug into me , wrapping my legs tighter around his ass . 
 the smell of sticky , warm sex engulfed my senses . 
 william 's damp body hovered over mine and then lowered , sending a swift feeling up my body . 
 i was crying out his name as he plowed into me . 
 our foreheads touched and his hot breath billowed over my face , his groans like music to my ears , the sound of his damp flesh smacking against my wet core , and the feeling of him thrusting inside me-all of it combined into an epic , shuddering orgasm . 
 i clutched will 's damp back for dear life as he released a huge groan and hammered forward . 
 my contractions clenched around him and the wave slowly rolled up my body , making my stomach shudder . 
 will pulsed in and out a few more times and then he rolled off me . 
 his face was completely smooth ; i never saw him so exhausted . 
 his arm slid under my back and pulled me against him . 
 my head lay over his shoulder and i listened to his deep breaths , his chest rising and falling like the ocean . 
 `` natalie , that was - '' '' - amazing . '' 
 frankly , it was the best sex i ever had . 
 i never knew it could be so exciting and good . 
 it was like winning the lottery . 
 how many times had i laid under ben , bored as he pumped for a few minutes then collapsed to the side , without a thought of my pleasure ? 
 what was i thinking ? 
 my body ached from being pounded so hard , but i felt myself twitch in anticipation of going again . 
 i kissed his neck . 
 `` when can we go again ? '' 
 his chest shook with laughter . 
 `` might be a little bit . '' 
 and my heart fluttered as he gathered me in his arms and kissed me . ' 
 a little bit ' turned out to be fifteen minutes of foreplay and fondling , then william took me again-almost as roughly as he had the first time , and at last we collapsed in each other 's arms and resigned ourselves to sleep . 
 sometime during the night i heard a hop and then a small , warm lump settled behind my legs . 
 screaming . 
 i jerked awake , naked and confused . 
 it was still dark and i could n't see anything . 
 tom 's nails raked me as he sped from the bed , startled by the noise . 
 a dark shape thrashed beside me-will-in the throes of another nightmare . 
 i groped for the switch on the lamp and it flared on . 
 `` will , wake up ! '' 
 i ripped the covers off him and finally he seemed to shudder awake , tears streaming down his face . 
 he wiped them away and sat up , avoiding my eyes . 
 he turned away from me and sat on the edge of the bed , his shoulders shaking . 
 is he crying ? 
 i rejoined him in the bed as a low moan shook from his throat . 
 i curled up behind him , watched him bury his face in hands , and did not know what to do . 
 i touched his back and he flinched horribly . 
 `` hey , what 's wrong ? 
 talk to me . '' 
 `` it was so vivid , '' he choked . 
 `` i was reliving it again . '' 
 reliving the car accident ? 
 i tried to ignore the horror rising up my throat . 
 `` maybe you should tell me what happened . '' 
 he lifted his head and turned around , his eyes bloodshot . 
 `` you do n't want to hear about it . 
 believe me . '' 
 `` i can handle it , '' i said in a firm voice . 
 will 's black eyes hardened , still glistening with tears . 
 they were reflective , like a dark mirror . 
 `` maybe i do n't want to talk about it . '' 
 `` of course you do n't want to talk about it , but i deserve to know . 
 if this is going to go anywhere , i need to know . '' 
 i grabbed his wrist when his eyes unfocused , staring into some point beyond my shoulder . 
 `` either you tell me or i 'll leave and you 'll never hear from me again . 
 i mean it , will . '' 
 his arm slipped out of my grasp . 
 `` then go . '' 
 i was n't prepared for the chill in his voice , the dead eyes , closing in front of me like shutters on windows . 
 i dove off the bed and picked up my clothes , pulling them on . 
 he was going to be like that ? 
 fine . 
 `` natalie . '' 
 will 's voice cracked . 
 i stopped dressing to look at him seriously . 
 `` will , you ca n't keep something like this to yourself . 
 i can let a lot of stuff slide , but this is n't one of those things . '' 
 will half-rose from the bed . 
 `` hey , '' he said angrily . 
 `` you ca n't blame me for this . 
 i 'm not ready to share every dark secret of mine with you . '' 
 `` what do you expect me to do ? 
 you scream and have panic attacks , and i do n't have a right to know what 's causing them ? '' 
 i laughed harshly . 
 `` you must be joking . '' 
 i seized my tank top and pulled it on . 
 he sat on the bed , glowering at me under a curtain of dark hair . 
 `` where the hell are you going to go ? 
 it 's the middle of the night . '' 
 `` i do n't care , '' i muttered , heading towards the bathroom to stuff everything into my suitcase . 
 a part of me hoped like hell that he would change his mind . 
 `` stop , '' he said in a tremulous voice , which was suddenly a lot closer . 
 his hand fell on my shoulder and i looked up into the bathroom mirror . 
 his eyes were wide and terrified and i felt myself weaken . 
 i revolved slowly on the spot and william held me against him , refusing to let me go . 
 my eyes stung and i blinked furiously . 
 `` please , do n't go . 
 i 'll tell you what happened . '' 
 chapter 8 `` it happened a few years ago when i was still in college at stanford . 
 my friends and i , we used to party a lot . 
 none of us took school seriously . 
 my best friend dan and i were at a party away from campus . 
 i drove there . 
 we got completely shit-faced and then dan and i wanted to drive to another party , but i was too drunk . 
 i convinced him to drive instead . 
 he could n't even walk to the car . 
 `` everything was fine until we got off the highway and-and sped down the ramp . 
 there was a sharp turn and it happened so quickly . 
 we plowed into a group of people standing around a car . 
 `` i remember coming to and smelling the burnt rubber , smoke , and something metallic saturating the air . 
 dan was hunched over in his seat , but outside there was screaming-just the worst sound i 'd ever heard . 
 i climbed out of the window and saw that we 'd crashed into a parked car . 
 the ground was slippery . 
 there was so much blood . 
 a woman lay on the street with this gaping wound ; her chest was torn open-i could see everything : her organs , her ribs . 
 and then i tried to close her up-these huge flaps of her flesh i pinned together , but she was already-she was already dead . 
 `` there was screaming and i looked behind me . 
 a little girl pinned under our car , as white as a sheet of paper . 
 her mother was crouching underneath-trying to lift it . 
 another person was pinned against the fence-he was definitely gone . 
 i tried to save her . 
 i lifted the car and her mother was able to drag her out , but she was so white and there was so much blood . 
 her lips kept moving and i held her hand . 
 i still remember how tiny it was in mine . 
 her eyes never closed . 
 she kept looking from her mom and back to me and then they froze inside her head and what little warmth was in her hand faded away . 
 `` my father hired the best defense lawyers money could buy and paid off a ton of news outlets so that his name-our name , would never get dragged through the mud . 
 dan got court-ordered rehab and never spent a day in prison . 
 we settled with the families . 
 i kind of went crazy for a little while and was committed . 
 i had really severe ptsd and my girlfriend at the time dumped me . 
 she could n't handle it . 
 no one could . 
 i never moved on . 
 i could never get past it . 
 how could i , when i killed those people ? '' 
 will finished speaking , his deadened voice echoing horribly in my head . 
 i felt physically ill from all of the graphic descriptions of the bodies he and his drunken friend had mangled . 
 it was much worse than i thought . 
 i imagined what the scene must have looked like-limbs everywhere , chunks of flesh and blood painting the concrete , the girl trapped beneath the car . 
 william had survived unscathed . 
 it was n't fair . 
 his face was twisted and red . 
 his eyes burned holes in my head . 
 `` you can hate me if you want , i 'll understand . 
 you ca n't hate me more than i hate myself . '' 
 i searched myself for what i felt-i was confused , stunned , and sickened by the whole thing . 
 i felt a flash of anger for how irresponsible they were-like gatsby and daisy , rich , reckless people destroying lives and retreating back into their wealth without a backwards glance . 
 but will is n't like that . 
 he feels remorse . 
 `` i think that the choices you made that night were awful . 
 it was a terrible , terrible thing , but i do n't hate you , will . 
 i feel sorry for the families . 
 and you . '' 
 he made no move to defend himself . 
 i think if i stabbed him in the chest , he would n't have stopped me . 
 i stroked his hair . 
 `` you 're not a bad person , will . '' 
 `` i am . '' 
 `` it was n't your fault . 
 you were n't the one driving , '' i said softly . 
 `` it was my car , '' he said in a sharp voice . 
 `` i convinced him to go . 
 that does n't absolve me of all responsibility . 
 if i had n't been such a stupid , selfish moron , those people would still be alive . '' 
 `` what about the people at the party who watched two drunk people leave and drive away ? 
 they 're responsible , too . 
 it 's not all on you . '' 
 the darkness in will 's face lightened slightly . 
 he looked up at me , slowly daring himself to believe me . 
 `` that 's true , but - '' `` it all makes sense now , '' i sighed . 
 `` you wo n't drink a drop of alcohol because you 're terrified that something bad might happen . '' 
 `` what bothers me the most is that i never got to set things right . 
 i was never allowed to apologize to them . '' 
 he was like a hollow shell-he always looked so empty when he talked about the accident . 
 the light behind his eyes died . 
 it scared me . 
 `` are you in therapy ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` why not ? 
 you need it , will ! '' 
 william rubbed his arm . 
 `` i ca n't talk about it . '' 
 i stopped in front of him and took his shoulders , giving him a little shake . 
 `` you just did . 
 will , you 're having panic attacks all over the place . 
 it 's not something that 's just going to fade away . 
 you need therapy . 
 jessica 's in therapy , you know . '' 
 will was looking anywhere but me . 
 `` good for her . '' 
 `` it helps . '' 
 `` nothing can help . 
 i just have to live with it . '' 
 `` are you so horrible that you do n't deserve forgiveness ? 
 visit the families . 
 apologize . 
 allow yourself to feel better . '' 
 `` no , '' he said , looking terrified . 
 `` you have to do it , '' i said in a flat voice . 
 `` or you 'll be miserable forever . '' 
 we both knew it was true . 
 he would never be able to find a scrap of peace until he confronted his problems . 
 visiting them would n't be easy . 
 he would have to be prepared for the hatred that would be flung in his face . 
 i tried to think about how i would feel if it were my family . 
 would i be able to forgive him ? 
 i do n't think so . 
 `` maybe i deserve to suffer for what i did . '' 
 `` that 's just your depression talking . 
 you deserve peace . 
 will , i can help you with this . 
 i want to see you get better . '' 
 he turned his back on me . 
 `` can we please , please stop talking about it ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 i sat behind him and wrapped my arms around his middle . 
 it took a lot out of him to talk about what happened that night , and i was n't going to forget that . 
 `` thank you for telling me . '' 
 `` i 'll understand if you want to bolt . 
 i 'm giving you an out . '' 
 am i willing to deal with years of being with an unhappy person ? 
 i hugged him tighter . 
 i had hope for him . 
 i could pull him out of the darkness . 
 `` no , i 'm not going anywhere . '' 
 what he did was horrible , but william was n't that person anymore . 
 he was n't a lost cause . 
 i would n't abandon him . 
 he covered my hands with his and sighed in relief . 
 `` i need to leave this place , '' he said suddenly . 
 `` i need to see my dad in chicago . 
 will you come with me ? '' 
 my face burned . 
 i was n't sure how i felt about meeting will 's dad . 
 `` well , sure-but what about the campaign ? '' 
 `` luke will be upset , but i 'm only going to chicago to help him . '' 
 he gently disengaged from my arms and began to dress himself . 
 `` i just think i need to do something . '' 
 i picked at a spot in the bed sheets with my nail and glanced at him , only to look away when he met my eyes . 
 `` spit it out . '' 
 `` why-why do you want me to go with you ? '' 
 he thought about it for a moment and gave me a weak smile . 
 `` i paid you for three weeks work and we 've only had sex once . '' 
 `` you 're lucky that i have a sense of humor , '' i groaned in frustration . 
 `` be serious for once . '' 
 `` i like having you around . '' 
 i stood up and took his body in my arms , nestling my head under his chin . 
 his warmth was so comforting ; i leaned into him and felt my chest expanding , like a balloon inflating inside my chest . 
 i like being with you , too . 
 `` what will you tell your dad about me ? 
 i mean , technically , i 'm working for you . '' 
 `` technically , you 're not working directly under me . 
 natalie , what are you really trying to ask me ? '' 
 my face burned . 
 the lilt in his voice suggested that he already knew what i wanted to ask him , but he was going to force it out of me anyways . 
 i needed to know where this was headed . 
 i was n't interested in a fling . 
 `` i want to know where this is headed , that 's all . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` only a week ago , you were upset with me because i talked to your ex-fiance . '' 
 `` you did n't talk to him , you insulted him . '' 
 `` still . '' 
 he pulled away from me , frowning slightly . 
 so , he still did n't trust me . 
 i guess i can understand that . 
 `` i really like you , will . 
 i want to be with you . 
 i just do n't want to be used . '' 
 `` me neither . '' 
 i would never do that to you . 
 i stood on my toes and kissed his mouth , feeling utterly giddy when he responded passionately , his arms circling my waist and tightening . 
 `` okay , '' he said when we broke apart . 
 `` let 's get ready . 
 i need to charter a flight out of here . '' 
 i was already mostly packed , so i walked to the bright lobby and decided to check my email . 
 it was the crack of dawn . 
 i ascended the stairs to the terrace with a plate of lemon cakes and coffee , and sighed at the magnificent sunrise . 
 the dark blue sky was giving way to the stretch of bright orange on the horizon . 
 puffy , pink clouds hung in the rapidly lightening blue . 
 the colors were slowly coming to life ; the sun illuminated the brightly painted homes and the swirls of bright blue in the ocean . 
 such beauty just was n't possible . 
 i took several pictures and attempted to sketch it , but stopped myself . 
 it was more important to watch it . 
 i felt an incredible sadness at the realization that i would soon leave this place . 
 it was like going to paradise and being expected to return home to a world of concrete , and somehow be happy about that . 
 i wiped away the tears on my face and checked my email . 
 there were several from jessica and a couple from ben . 
 i drew a sharp , painful breath and clicked on his email . 
 natalie , i was really upset to find out that you were seeing someone else on a tabloid website and i apologize if i came off a bit angry . 
 i know that i did the same thing to you after we broke up , but i was just trying to move on . 
 i really do n't think it 's fair that you 're doing this . 
 we should have a discussion before you make a rash decision . 
 we 've been together for six years . 
 why ca n't i have any say in what happens to our relationship ? 
 i am really depressed without you and i 've been in therapy these past few weeks . 
 i ca n't move on . 
 i feel sick to my stomach at the thought of you being with another man . 
 please call me when you get the chance . 
 love , ben my heart hammered behind my chest . 
 i did n't like the guilty feelings swirling inside me . 
 `` it 's a load of crap . '' 
 i slammed down the cup of coffee and hissed as it spilled over the sides . 
 will stood next to me , as silent as a shadow , reading the email over my shoulder . 
 `` do you mind ? '' 
 he ignored me . 
 `` click on the next one . '' 
 will looked at me stonily , refusing to move from his spot . 
 whatever , fine . 
 i clicked the next one . 
 the tone of his next email was a lot angrier . 
 natalie , what the fuck ? 
 i feel like absolute shit and you probably have no idea . 
 it really hurts that you would ignore me after everything we 've been through . 
 i keep seeing photos of you with that asshole . 
 i do n't understand why you like him . 
 he sounds like a complete jerk . 
 can you please tell me what i could have done differently ? 
 i tried to be a good boyfriend to you and i was always there when you needed me . 
 i really do n't deserve to be treated this way . 
 when you met me in the city , you made me believe that there was still hope for us . 
 now , i feel like you 're rubbing this in my face to hurt me . 
 maybe you 're only with this guy to piss me off . 
 i really do n't appreciate being ignored and i expect a response from you . 
 - ben `` he expects a response ? 
 what are you , his property ? '' 
 he let out a bellyful of laughter . 
 `` this guy is such an entitled ass . 
 coming from me , that says a lot . '' 
 the email made me feel cold all over . 
 my eyes pricked with tears . 
 `` i do n't like it . 
 i never wanted to hurt him . '' 
 will stared at me incredulously . 
 `` you realize he 's just manipulating you , right ? 
 you 're out in the world , living your life , and he thinks that it 's all about him . 
 you must be doing this to hurt him , not because you 've moved on . 
 he 's a narcissist and he wants you to feel guilty . '' 
 i rubbed my arm feverishly . 
 `` i need to tell him that it 's over . 
 that we 're done . '' 
 `` you are over . 
 you broke up almost a year ago . 
 do n't contact him ; he 'll only send you more messages . 
 if you ignore them , he 'll gradually stop caring about it . '' 
 i feel like absolute shit and you probably have no idea . 
 i could hear the despair in that line of text and could n't stand that i was making him feel bad about himself . 
 we might have broken up , but i still cared about him . 
 he sank down to my level and held my arms . 
 `` baby , listen to me . 
 his problems are no longer yours . 
 you care too much about what people think of you . 
 he 's going to be pissed for a while . 
 so what ? '' 
 i shook with tears , hating myself . 
 `` i 'm sorry about this . 
 i 'm sorry you have to see these emails . 
 i do n't want him and i do n't want to talk about him around you . '' 
 `` okay , '' he beamed . 
 `` i got a flight out of genoa for this evening . '' 
 i turned my face back towards the ocean and felt another tug on my heart . 
 `` do we have to leave ? '' 
 he stroked my back . 
 `` yeah , but cinque terre will always be here . 
 you can always come back . '' 
 * * * it was another exhausting night of travel for all three of us . 
 when will 's town car arrived to pick us up from o'hare , i collapsed into the car and almost instantly fell asleep . 
 when i woke up , i felt a heavy , warm weight on my lap and realized that the cat had crawled onto my lap . 
 `` we 're here . '' 
 the car pulled into a driveway and stopped in front of a mansion that rivaled luke 's in san francisco . 
 the red brick home was surrounded by color ; plants and bushes of all types thrived around the house . 
 the driveway surrounded a round pool where a large , golden fountain played . 
 when the door opened , tom dashed from the car to lie on the brick steps on the house , flailing his body in apparent ecstasy . 
 the light brown wooden doors opened and a woman in her fifties emerged , dressed in white capris and a sky-blue blouse . 
 she beamed when william swept out of the car . 
 here we go , i told myself , watching his mother hurry down the steps to greet her son . 
 `` my baby ! '' 
 she squealed , throwing her arms around his neck . 
 `` hi , mom , '' he said without the same enthusiasm . 
 will hugged her , his face going a bit pink . 
 his mother tossed back her dyed blonde hair and looked over his shoulder directly at me , a question forming on her lips . 
 will glanced at me . 
 `` mom , this is natalie . '' 
 i slid out of the car and took her proffered hand , `` nice to meet you . '' 
 her dark eyes scanned mine , as if she could detect any misgivings stirring inside them and i was reminded of william . 
 his eyes had the same shape and color , and apparently he inherited her unnerving stare . 
 her lips lifted into a slight smile to soften the message that was : hurt my son in any way and i will destroy you . 
 `` it 's lovely to meet you . 
 you two must be starving . 
 come in , i 'll fix something . '' 
 i cast a terrified glance at william , who smiled encouragingly and wrapped his arm around my waist as his mother led the way . 
 `` relax , my mom is nice . '' 
 the door opened to a magnificent foyer laid with cream-colored marble . 
 two sweeping wooden staircases with black railings led upstairs on either side of the circular room . 
 the archways had beautiful , intricate crown molding . 
 ahead was the living room and to the left was a modern kitchen with granite counters . 
 inwardly , i laughed at the idea of his mother visiting my apartment . 
 `` this is where you grew up ? '' 
 `` yeap . 
 it 's been remodeled several times over the years . '' 
 `` wow . '' 
 i could imagine him and his brothers running around as children , knocking over expensive vases and banging on the white grand piano i saw in the sitting room . 
 even as an adult , will had so much energy . 
 it must have driven his parents crazy . 
 `` you 're looking a bit pale , william . 
 have you eaten anything today ? '' 
 mrs. pardini fussed over her son as he sat down at the kitchen table , smoothing his lapels and brushing his hair . 
 his face bloomed and i sniggered at him behind his mother 's back . 
 `` mom , stop it . '' 
 `` when was the last time you got a haircut ? '' 
 `` i have no idea . '' 
 she bustled towards the kitchen counter and picked up her phone . 
 `` i 'll make a hair appointment for you . '' 
 i bit my knuckles hard to keep from crying out with laughter . 
 william was mortified . 
 `` mom , sit down , '' he snapped . 
 she closed her phone and her eyes narrowed . 
 `` there 's no need to take that tone with me . '' 
 `` yes , there is , '' he said , suddenly looking quite serious . 
 `` what 's this i hear about dad selling luke 's shares ? '' 
 my face burned as his mother scowled at him , casting me an irritated glance . 
 `` will , you know we do n't talk about this sort of thing in front of - '' `` i do n't care , mom . 
 anything we need to talk about , you can say it in front of natalie . 
 she already knows everything anyway . '' 
 i grimaced at will 's mother , who was staring at me like i had suddenly grown two heads . 
 `` you 'll have to talk to your father about it , '' she said in a final tone . 
 `` no , william . 
 your dad does n't want me talking about it to anyone . 
 not even you . '' 
 `` oh , come on ! '' 
 he pounded his fist on the table . 
 `` tell me how you met your new girlfriend . '' 
 she smiled innocently . 
 will looked pissed at her deflection . 
 `` we 're dating , mom . 
 and we met at a party . '' 
 under the kitchen table , my fingernails ground into my palms . 
 it was so awkward . 
 i did not want to be there . 
 i could see her sizing me up , appraising my wardrobe and probably making searing judgments in her head . 
 she pressed her lips into a firm line . 
 `` i guess i 'll never get grandchildren from my youngest . '' 
 my stomach dropped . 
 `` jesus ! '' 
 will got up from the table . 
 `` fu-i ca n't - '' and he stormed from the kitchen , leaving me there alone . 
 his mother turned on the spot with a smirk not unlike her son 's and zeroed in on me . 
 my jaw dropped . 
 she needled him on purpose to get him out of the room . 
 will , you bastard ! 
 do n't leave me here alone ! 
 `` do n't look so scared , '' she said in an even voice as she sat down across from me . 
 `` you do n't have anything to hide , do you ? '' 
 `` no , no . 
 i 'm just not used to all this . '' 
 `` what do your parents do ? '' 
 ah , so the interrogation begins . 
 `` my parents are dentists . 
 i 'm a graphic designer . '' 
 `` oh , where do you work ? '' 
 my face burned . 
 `` actually , i 'm unemployed , but will offered me a contract to design logos for luke 's campaign . '' 
 i was clearly going from bad to worse . 
 her lips whitened . 
 `` and i suppose you thought my son would be a great career booster ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 a sickening feeling spread through my stomach when she smiled . 
 `` no , i swear to god , he contacted my agency and set up a meeting without me knowing . 
 i never asked him for anything . 
 he can tell you that himself . '' 
 `` hmm , '' was all she said . 
 `` perhaps my son needs someone like you to keep him grounded . 
 someone unassuming . 
 humble . '' 
 it sounded like an insult as much as a compliment . 
 `` thanks . 
 i did n't even want to date him , at first . '' 
 why the hell did you say that ? 
 i cringed as his mother gave me an extremely offended look . 
 `` what 's wrong with my son ? '' 
 `` well , '' i began , almost laughing out of nerves . 
 `` you know , his issues . '' 
 my voice drifted into a squeak . 
 `` no , i 'm sorry . 
 i do n't know . '' 
 my blood churned . 
 `` his panic attacks . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 she had no idea what i was talking about . 
 my mouth trembled . 
 he never told his parents . 
 no one knew anything . 
 jesus christ . 
 i was treading on very dangerous ground . 
 will probably would n't appreciate me telling his mother about his emotional issues . 
 `` never mind . 
 i should n't talk about it . '' 
 but my insides rebelled . 
 should n't i tell his mother ? 
 did n't he need help ? 
 stay out of it . 
 `` if my son is in trouble , i deserve to know about it . '' 
 `` it 's really none of my business , but i think if will wanted you to know , he would tell you . 
 he 's just having a hard time coping with the accident . '' 
 i swallowed hard at the venomous look on her face . 
 `` natalie , you seem like a nice girl , so i 'll return the favor and tell you this nicely . 
 we do n't ever discuss or mention that incident in this house . 
 ever . '' 
 a chill froze my lungs . 
 it was clear that i was n't going to get her on my side if i ever wanted will to get help . 
 the whole family ignored it . 
 no wonder he felt so alone . 
 i looked squarely into her eyes , angry with her for ignoring his pain . 
 `` he had a panic attack while he was driving . 
 we could have died . 
 he needs help and ignoring the problem wo n't make it go away . '' 
 her eyes suddenly filled with tears and i stood up from the table , walking away and never feeling so uncomfortable . 
 jessica had been here with luke , and she told me that being there was one of the most uncomfortable experiences in her life . 
 now , i knew why . 
 i nearly ran into will as i turned into the foyer . 
 the dark look on his face told me that he heard everything . 
 oh , shit . 
 `` come , '' he said , gripping my wrist . 
 i followed him upstairs wordlessly as he led me into one of the guest rooms with our luggage already inside . 
 `` will , '' i said , already falling apart at the grim look on his face . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i was just angry - '' `` i do n't know whether i should be impressed that you stood up to my mother or pissed that you told her something that was none of her business . '' 
 i stared at his crossed arms and laughed . 
 `` oh , come on . 
 she 's your mother ; of course it 's her business . 
 you 're a family . '' 
 `` natalie , not all of us feel that our parents are entitled to every detail of our personal lives . '' 
 that stung . 
 `` meaning what ? 
 that i 'm a slave to my parents ? '' 
 he shrugged and smiled at me , too polite to agree with what i said . 
 `` look , i understand why you did it . 
 just let me handle this my way , okay ? 
 i will tell them . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 i told him . 
 `` um-i need to call my mom . '' 
 will chuckled and laid on the bed . 
 `` i 'll be quiet . '' 
 i inhaled a deep breath to try and quiet the storm building in my head . 
 it was always nerve wracking to call my parents . 
 i dialed the number and turned my back firmly on will . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` hi , mom . 
 how are you ? '' 
 `` natalie ! 
 finally ! 
 we 've been waiting for your call . 
 how 's europe ? '' 
 `` it was great , actually . 
 i 'm in chicago right now with will . '' 
 `` chicago ? 
 what for ? '' 
 i continued on without thinking . 
 `` he needed to see his parents . '' 
 `` oh , so they get to meet you before we get to meet your new boyfriend ? '' 
 shit . 
 `` no , mom . 
 it 's not like that . '' 
 `` what 's their house like ? 
 are they filthy rich ? 
 what kind of cars do they have ? '' 
 my dad 's voice suddenly entered the conversation . 
 i pressed the phone against my face , hoping that william could n't hear a word . 
 `` tom ! '' 
 `` it 's a big brick mansion , '' i said , ignoring their gasps . 
 `` listen , i 'll be home soon , i think . '' 
 `` thanksgiving is in a few weeks . 
 we want you to bring will over ! '' 
 `` no , mom . 
 we 've only been dating for a few weeks . '' 
 `` if you do n't bring him , we 'll ask ben to come over . 
 he 's visited us twice , natalie . 
 asking where you are-what your boyfriend is like - '' `` what ? '' 
 i shrieked . 
 `` do not invite my ex for thanksgiving ! 
 i do n't want to see him ! '' 
 what the fuck is wrong with them both ? 
 `` then bring will over . 
 okay , we 'll see you soon ! '' 
 click . 
 i stared at the phone in stunned disbelief . 
 all they talked about during the whole conversation was will . 
 his family and their wealth fascinated them . 
 they did n't even ask me how i was doing . 
 they did n't care about the designs i made on the trip . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i faced will , who was sitting up on the bed and looking at me with concern . 
 i clenched my phone and was seized with a desire to hurl it across the room . 
 `` i ca n't believe this . 
 they 're going to invite ben for thanksgiving if you do n't come with me . '' 
 `` so do n't go . '' 
 my heart hammered . 
 `` i ca n't just not go-i 'd never hear the end of it . 
 she would call me ten times a day to bitch at me . 
 please , please , will . '' 
 a small sob shook my throat and he slid off the bed , looking frustrated with me but gathering me in his arms . 
 `` i 've never asked you for anything . 
 please come over on thanksgiving , and they 'll shut up about you . 
 they just want to fawn over you . '' 
 `` i do n't mind meeting them , natalie . 
 the only thing that bothers me is the reason why you want me there . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` you only want me there to appease your parents . '' 
 i pulled away from him . 
 `` that 's not true ! '' 
 `` then why the reluctance ? '' 
 `` because you 'll hate it . 
 they 'll suck up to you because you 're rich . 
 i do n't want you to think badly of them . '' 
 he rolled his eyes at me . 
 `` is that all ? 
 i 'm used to that . 
 do n't worry , i 'll be there . '' 
 i stammered thanks as he grabbed my waist and i hotly remembered the time alone with him in cinque terre . 
 he kissed me and warmth spread to my toes ; his tongue flicked inside my mouth and i felt my muscles unknotting . 
 his hands wandered down my jeans and i kissed him more urgently as desire shot upwards the more he touched me . 
 he slipped under my jeans and played with my panties , squeezing my bare flesh . 
 i heard myself moan and i knew he was remembering that night , too . 
 `` william ! '' 
 we sprang apart as his mother called for him outside the door . 
 he grimaced and tried to shift his pants so that his erection was n't so obvious . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` your father is here . '' 
 `` okay , i 'll be down there soon . '' 
 we heard her walk away . 
 `` he has the worst timing . '' 
 will slid his arm around my waist and planted a kiss on my neck . 
 `` i 've got to talk to him and you have got to come with me . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i yelped . 
 `` no way . '' 
 for some reason i found the idea of meeting his father , much , much worse . 
 `` he knows you 're here . 
 c'mon . '' 
 he slapped my ass and grinned as i scowled at him . 
 the door flew open and he tugged me forward , even though i wanted to dig in my heels . 
 a lightning bolt seared up my spine as i heard him downstairs , talking in a low voice . 
 william laughed at me as i stopped on the staircase . 
 `` keep going , doll . 
 or i 'll keep squeezing your ass . '' 
 doll ? 
 a ruthless pinch made me start forward . 
 i ignored william 's deep laughs as i descended the staircase . 
 we passed the marble foyer and entered a living room , which contained a white grand piano and a gold painting ceiling ; we crossed over and entered the next room , which was a richly dark-brown study . 
 i stopped at the threshold , but william continued inside . 
 domenico pardini , ceo of pardini worldwide , sat behind a mahogany desk with a phone to his ear . 
 william stopped in front of the desk and crossed his arms , waiting patiently for his father to get off the phone . 
 he was a thin reed of a man , with a wiry mustache and angry , dark eyes . 
 he still wore a business suit and looked utterly terrifying , because his face was devoid of any joy . 
 he stood up from the desk , revealing a lean , skinny waist . 
 `` goodbye . '' 
 will 's father hung up the phone and glared at his son . 
 `` you are not supposed to be here , william . '' 
 i knew what he meant . 
 we came back early from the campaign because william felt that he had to return to chicago immediately . 
 i was hoping to slink out of the room , unnoticed . 
 `` thanks , dad . 
 hello to you , too . '' 
 `` who is that ? '' 
 at that unfortunate moment , mr. pardini chose to acknowledge my presence . 
 i stepped into the room awkwardly , my legs trembling . 
 william looked surprised to see me standing all the way in the back . 
 he waved me over impatiently . 
 `` this is natalie . 
 she 's the graphic designer for the campaign . '' 
 oh , jesus . 
 will , i 'm going to kill you . 
 mr. pardini was clearly looking for something polite to say . 
 `` i see . 
 and-er-you decided to bring her here because ? '' 
 `` i 'm also dating her . '' 
 i wanted to die . 
 please someone just shoot me . 
 mr. pardini opened his mouth angrily , but william interrupted . 
 `` dad , i 'm here because i found out that you 're in a lawsuit with luke . 
 why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 mr. pardini stepped around the desk . 
 for a moment , i thought that he was going to hit his son . 
 `` it was none of your concern . 
 i wanted you to focus on the campaign , which , apparently you 've decided to just drop . '' 
 `` is it true ? 
 are you trying to stiff him out of his shares ? '' 
 mr. pardini 's hot glare flashed in my direction and i took a step backwards . 
 it was clear that he did n't want me there . 
 he grabbed the half-empty glass of amber liquid on his desk and took a small sip . 
 `` yes , it 's true . 
 giacomo and i were planning to do this with all of you . 
 it 's time to break up the empire . '' 
 a heavy silence followed his words , with only the sounds of domenico calmly sipping his drink and my pounding heart filling my head . 
 `` what ? 
 what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` lots of family members want out . 
 they want their money , now . 
 breaking up the empire was something giacomo and i had been talking about for years . 
 it 's time and both of us realized that our sons were incapable of managing an empire . '' 
 `` you 're going to butcher the empire our family has spent generations building ? '' 
 `` i have no choice . 
 did you really think luke was the only lawsuit i 'm dealing with ? '' 
 will gaped at him as he walked across and studied a painting . 
 `` most of the family 's money is in corporations owned by trusts . 
 slowly , i 'm going to sell all the companies we own and liquidate pardini holdings . '' 
 `` dad , you ca n't - '' `` i am the sole trustee for the family . 
 i can do whatever i wish . 
 i am selling luke 's shares and i am giving him an appropriate amount for the deals he has made for the company . 
 i will do the same with everyone else . '' 
 will gave a frustrated sigh . 
 `` just give him the money , dad . 
 he 's already been screwed over by his father . '' 
 mr. pardini wheeled on his son . 
 `` you think that just because you 're a pardini , you 're entitled to be wealthy ? 
 the trusts were meant to meet your reasonable needs , that 's it . 
 they were designed to enhance the family 's position through donations and investments . 
 they were not meant to make individual billionaires ! '' 
 his voice rang in the small room , echoing in my ears painfully . 
 `` i am old and tired , son . 
 and i 'm being hounded by my nephew , cousins , and every member of the family with a trust . 
 they want out and i am tired of dealing with this . 
 if your grandfather knew what had happened to this family , he would be spinning in his grave . '' 
 he almost seemed to limp back to his chair behind the desk . 
 he looked tired and emotionally sick . 
 `` i 'm sorry that you had to witness this , '' he said , addressing me suddenly . 
 i forgot my own presence . 
 `` oh , uh-it 's fine . '' 
 we started chatting a bit ; he asked me the same sort of questions his wife had , but william said nothing . 
 he leaned against the wall with his arms folded , looking disturbed . 
 what am i going to tell jessica ? 
 mr. pardini was n't selling the shares out of greed , as i previously assumed . 
 he was following a principle that they were only entitled to the amount of money and work they had put into the family 's advancement . 
 and frankly , it seemed fair . 
 then i thought of luke , who had been disappointed by his father 's will-and now his uncle was , in his eyes , giving him a meager amount for his shares . 
 `` well , it was nice meeting you , natalie . '' 
 `` yes , mr. pardini . '' 
 i leaned forward and shook his hand , will watching me out of the corner of his eyes . 
 that was my cue to leave . 
 i walked out of his office and wiped my hands on my jeans . 
 `` that was n't so bad . '' 
 will scoffed as we ascended the staircase back to the room . 
 he opened the door for me and i walked in , startled by the violent look on his face . 
 `` what the hell am i going to tell my cousin ? '' 
 he yelled when the door was closed . 
 i lifted my shoulders helplessly . 
 `` honestly , what can you do ? 
 your dad has all the power and his argument made a lot of sense . '' 
 he paced the room like a caged animal . 
 `` i should be able to do more . 
 he 's one of us . 
 he deserves what 's owed to him . 
 god , this family is so fucked . 
 this is going to ruin us . '' 
 will sank to the bed and stared at the floor . 
 an odd feeling swept through me . 
 why was he so upset over this ? 
 was this really about luke anymore ? 
 `` when i first met you , you were thrilled that luke 's dad was dead because he was out of the running for ceo . 
 now , you 're getting upset because he 's not inheriting his millions ? '' 
 a pained look crossed over his face . 
 `` i feel guilty about it . 
 he 's getting completely screwed over . '' 
 i bent down until he was forced to meet my gaze . 
 `` you ca n't control your dad 's actions anymore than you could control the accident . '' 
 william 's eyes were livid . 
 `` please , do n't . '' 
 his hands gripped the edge of the bed , whitened with panic , and i dropped my gaze . 
 chapter 9 i swear to god , if you ignore another one of my emails , i will start calling you . 
 you 're really acting like a bitch . 
 i 've been nothing but nice to you . 
 i do n't deserve to be treated like garbage - i deleted the email before i finished it , my heart pounding with poison . 
 it coursed through my veins , spreading a sick feeling . 
 the phone trembled against my ear . 
 `` i 'm starting to get really freaked out by ben 's emails . 
 he has never called me names like this . '' 
 jessica sighed on the other line . 
 `` i think it 's best you ignore them , like will said . '' 
 she paused for a moment . 
 `` he 's been over here a couple times , looking for you . 
 he still has a key , you know . '' 
 `` what ? 
 he went into our apartment ? '' 
 will 's head jerked up from his arms and looked at me , fury etched all over his olive-skinned face . 
 i waved him away . 
 `` yeah , but do n't worry . 
 i got a locksmith to change the locks . 
 he just wanted to know where you were ... and he wanted to know about will . 
 i 've never seen him so agitated . '' 
 `` i do n't know what 's gotten into him . 
 it 's weird . '' 
 `` well , anyways . 
 tell will thanks for trying . 
 i 'm sure luke appreciates it . 
 how are you doing ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` fine , i guess . 
 this whole thing with ben is really stressing me out . 
 i think i need to tell him that it 's over , 'cause he obviously is n't getting the message . '' 
 i glanced at the article splashed across the website : will pardini spotted with petite beauty . 
 my ears burned whenever i read the title . 
 underneath was a photo of us kissing at o'hare . 
 that was only half an hour ago . 
 i hated this . 
 all of these photographs and articles would only incense ben further . 
 i wished it would stop . 
 suddenly , the jet engine roared to life . 
 `` i 've got to go . 
 plane 's taking off . '' 
 `` okay , we 'll catch up when you come home . '' 
 i ended the phone call , refusing to acknowledge william 's presence one foot away from me , but he would not be ignored . 
 he tapped impatiently on the desk with his fingers . 
 i shut my laptop and finally looked at him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you should file a restraining order against ben . '' 
 i laughed at him , looking up at his furious face and swallowing my laughter . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` i 'm serious , natalie . 
 he 's crossed the line by visiting your home without your permission . '' 
 `` maybe , but i do n't want to escalate things . 
 ben would never hurt me . 
 he 's not dangerous , he 's just being a bit pathetic because his heart 's been broken . '' 
 `` he 's had nine months to get over his broken heart . '' 
 i bit my lip so hard that i drew blood . 
 `` maybe i 'll send him an email warning him . '' 
 he sat down across from me and gave a slight shrug . 
 `` do what you have to do , but do n't expect it to work . '' 
 he grasped my hand . 
 `` i do n't have a good feeling about this guy . 
 he reeks of desperation . '' 
 i felt a rush of affection for my dark-haired paramour . 
 he was so concerned with my safety . 
 it was cute and touching at the same time . 
 i squeezed his hand and leaned over the table to kiss him . 
 `` i guess i 'm lucky that i have you to protect me , '' i said , an inch away from his lips . 
 i felt his smile against my lips and he grabbed my head , deepening the kiss . 
 whatever i said , i was worried about ben . 
 the thought of returning home without will made my insides churn , but i really wanted to get back to see jessica . 
 `` you should stay with me tonight , '' he said in a low voice . 
 my skin was tingling all over at the thought of being alone with will in his apartment . 
 `` i 'll come over tomorrow . 
 i have a lot of things to do . 
 i still have n't finished those newsletters , and i know i 'll be too distracted at your place . '' 
 i winked at him and he smiled . 
 * * * `` do n't forget-tomorrow . '' 
 his throaty voice echoed inside my head as i bounded up the stairs to my apartment . 
 i had only been away from will for a few hours and i felt myself shaking , as though i were suffering from a fever . 
 i barely stepped three feet into the apartment before jessica threw her arms around my neck , nearly knocking me over . 
 `` ouch-hey ! '' 
 strangely enough , i felt relieved to be back . 
 there was nothing like coming home after a long trip , even if home was a two-bedroom apartment with wall-to-wall carpeting that was slowly rotting away . 
 jessica asked me excitedly how the trip went , what italy was like , if will and i were a couple . 
 i was more curious about what had been going on here , but at the same time i did n't want to ask her about ben . 
 there was just so much crap in my life lately , and i wanted for once , to focus on the positive things . 
 i sank down on the couch habitually with my laptop sitting on my knees . 
 `` i need to send an email telling ben to back off . '' 
 jessica groaned sympathetically . 
 ben , i 'm really sorry about these past few weeks , but as you know , i 've been busy working abroad . 
 i was not trying to ignore you . 
 it 's over . 
 i 've realized that i really have moved on and i just do n't feel the same about you anymore . 
 please give me space and respect my boundaries . 
 i do n't want to hear anymore about you visiting or calling my parents . 
 i 've also changed the locks on this apartment . 
 i 'm not angry with you , i 'm just done . 
 goodbye , natalie i slid the laptop for jessica to read and she nodded approvingly . 
 i just wanted it to be straight to the point and i wanted him out of my life . 
 i sent the email , hoping that he would read it and give up . 
 that would be too lucky . 
 i shut my phone off and watched tv with jessica , gabbing happily about the new season of american idol and laughing at the ridiculous auditions . 
 `` what kind of pizza do you want ? '' 
 `` surprise me . '' 
 thank god for online ordering . 
 we were settling in for a girl 's night complete with margaritas and i was in charge of getting the pizza . 
 i was too tired to go out , so i paid for delivery . 
 `` now , what should we watch ? 
 rom-com or should we just nerd out on gundam wing ? '' 
 the anime cartoon was our favorite when we were children and it was fun to watch , especially with the horribly dubbed voice actors . 
 last time we watched it , i was reduced to tears of laughter and i really needed a laugh . 
 the pizza arrived and jessica blended the margaritas , forgetting to place the top on the blender and getting green ice all over the counter . 
 we scooped the remains into glasses and brought everything to the living room . 
 bambambam . 
 i jerked from my seat and jessica 's widened eyes made a hot drop of fear slip down my throat . 
 bambambam . 
 `` all right , i 'm coming . '' 
 the door was pounding so hard that the walls rattled . 
 `` open the fuck up ! '' 
 my heart lightened when i recognized the voice . 
 `` will ? '' 
 relief washed over me . 
 i was just glad that it was n't ben . 
 annoyed , i yanked open the door . 
 `` what are you doing here ? 
 i told you - '' my voice stopped at his whitened , shaking face . 
 `` i 've been trying to call you for over an hour . 
 why the fuck did n't you pick up your phone ? 
 there 's something you need to see right now . '' 
 i stepped back as will entered the apartment . 
 he waved briefly at jessica , who was halfway out of her seat . 
 the expression on his face was really starting to worry me . 
 `` sorry , i turned it off . 
 i just did n't want to hear it ringing with ben 's calls . 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` i need to talk to you alone . '' 
 i nodded , sharing a scared look with jessica as we walked into my room . 
 will spun around as i closed the door and gently took my shoulders . 
 his lips were shaking and he could n't seem to keep still . 
 `` you 're starting to freak me out . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he apologized . 
 `` just go to your linkedin profile right now . 
 ben did something to it . '' 
 blood roared in my ears . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i immediately sank into my chair and grabbed my laptop . 
 `` what did he do ? '' 
 `` you 'll see . '' 
 the deadly calm tone of his voice filled me with horror . 
 something was seriously wrong . 
 i typed in the address . 
 enter . 
 my profile picture was gone . 
 instead there was a webcam shot of my breasts and naked torso , sitting on the same chair i was . 
 it was me . 
 i scrolled downwards and saw a half a dozen more pasted crudely in my job descriptions . 
 they were all naked pictures of me that i sent to ben ages ago . 
 private , intimate photos that he was never supposed to keep . 
 i attempted to login and was rebuffed . 
 sobbing , i entered a dozen different passwords , but ben had locked me out of the account . 
 `` that piece of shit ! 
 i can not believe he did this ! 
 where 's my fucking phone ? '' 
 looking scared , will backed away as i barged out of my room , sprinting past a bewildered jessica , who turned around on will . 
 `` what did you do to her ? '' 
 enraged , will turned on jessica . 
 `` i did n't do shit . 
 it was her psycho ex ! '' 
 he grabbed me . 
 `` natalie , forget it . 
 he 's not going to answer the phone ! '' 
 he was right . 
 it went straight to voicemail . 
 i screamed a long line of obscenities , screaming so hard my throat was raw . 
 will finally wrenched it out of my hands and closed the phone . 
 i lunged for it . 
 `` what are you doing ? 
 give it back ! '' 
 will 's eyes wrinkled with sympathy . 
 `` what the fuck is going on ? '' 
 jessica demanded . 
 on edge , will spun towards her and snapped . 
 `` this is n't any of your fucking business , so stay out of it . '' 
 `` she 's screaming ! 
 i think i deserve to know - '' he gritted his teeth , ignoring jessica . 
 he took my hand as i collapsed to the floor , crying . 
 `` everyone 's going to see : all of my old clients , my former employees , my colleagues . 
 they will all get a notification that my profile was updated . 
 he 's going to ruin me . 
 that 's what he wants . '' 
 jessica marched into my bedroom before i could stop her . 
 will sprinted towards her and yanked her away from the computer , but not before she let out a horrified gasp . 
 `` god fucking dammit , did n't i tell you to mind your own business ? '' 
 he roared at her . 
 tears of rage filled her eyes and she did n't object when will pulled her out of the room . 
 `` natalie , i 'm so sorry . '' 
 `` listen , natalie . 
 i know some guys i could hire to put a big scare into ben . '' 
 he looked down at me , his eyes glittering strangely . 
 `` what are you suggesting ? '' 
 i said , openmouthed . 
 `` a couple guys . 
 a baseball bat . 
 they 're professionals , natalie . '' 
 i leapt to my feet . 
 `` no ! 
 you 're not going to hire goons to beat up my ex . 
 i do n't even want to know how you know these people . '' 
 `` he 'd deserve it , '' jessica whispered . 
 `` it would be really quick . '' 
 i stared at them both in amazement . 
 `` he is a lawyer . 
 are you both insane ? '' 
 i jabbed him in the chest . 
 he held up his hands . 
 `` fine . 
 whatever . 
 but we need to go to his place . '' 
 i chewed my thumb nervously . 
 `` you have to fucking promise me that you wo n't hit him . '' 
 will 's jaw jutted out . 
 his eyes crackled with electricity and i knew that it would be a struggle for him not to beat the ever-loving shit out of ben . 
 i had half a mind to let him . 
 `` whatever . '' 
 `` natalie , '' jessica said in a small voice . 
 `` i really do n't think this is a good idea . '' 
 `` why is that ? '' 
 he snapped . 
 she kept her jaw rigid as she looked at will . 
 `` you both are pissed off and you 'll do something stupid . 
 just call the police and let them handle it . '' 
 `` the police wo n't be able to do shit . 
 it takes days for an investigation like this . '' 
 i nodded furiously . 
 `` let 's go now . '' 
 `` natalie , it 's a really bad idea ! '' 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 she did n't fucking understand . 
 everyone in my professional life would see these photos . 
 i would be surprised if some of them had n't blocked me already . 
 will and i tore out of the apartment , a team of violent , angry energy . 
 jessica begged me to stop . 
 to think . 
 i slammed the car door shut and for once , i did n't argue when will sat behind the steering wheel . 
 he was completely focused on getting to ben 's house . 
 `` what 's the prick 's address ? '' 
 i punched it into the gps and will sped off , not even waiting for the gps to calibrate . 
 he lived in oakland and it would be about half an hour to get there . 
 i pounded my cell phone over and over again , but he would n't pick up . 
 `` do n't call him . 
 it 's better if he does n't know we 're coming . '' 
 `` that son of a bitch , '' i kept repeating . 
 `` i ca n't believe he would do something like this . 
 it 's just so fucking childish . '' 
 `` i could . 
 did you read his emails ? '' 
 my eyes narrowed at will . 
 `` will , when we get there , i do n't want there to be a fight . '' 
 his fingers tightened over the steering wheel . 
 `` i just want him to grow up and take the photos down . 
 that 's it ! '' 
 `` what if he says no ? '' 
 i sputtered . 
 `` he has to . 
 he 's a fucking lawyer . 
 i do n't understand this at all . 
 ben 's not this stupid . '' 
 `` people do stupid things when they 're pissed off . '' 
 my rage boiled all the way along the highway . 
 i kept cycling through a list of fiery emotions : rage , disappointment , hurt , and betrayal . 
 did he really think plastering naked pictures of me all over linkedin would make him look good ? 
 he could lose his career over it . 
 it was such a monumentally stupid thing to do . 
 the car screeched to a halt in front of ben 's apartment and my chest felt like a drum . 
 will got out of the car , looking like he was out for blood . 
 in his black leather jacket , he looked like a cliched italian mobster . 
 the glare of the yellow lampposts made him look older . 
 harsher . 
 he bounded up the steps and pounded on the door before i could make it up there . 
 `` ben ! '' 
 it was weird . 
 he was definitely inside , but he was n't answering the door . 
 `` your car is out front ! 
 open the door ! '' 
 i completely lost my head and slammed my body into the door , screaming as it flew open . 
 it swung inside and i stumbled over the threshold . 
 he left the door open ? 
 i walked inside and behind me followed a very tense looking will . 
 his eyes darted down the unlit hall . 
 `` ben ? '' 
 no answer . 
 swallowing hard , i walked toward the only lit room in the apartment : the kitchen . 
 there was only the sound of the refrigerator quietly humming and our whispers to each other . 
 i half-expected to see a dead body , so i was almost relieved when i saw him quietly sitting at the kitchen table . 
 the apartment looked bare without all of my kitchen appliances sitting on the counters . 
 it looked unchanged from the moment i left him over nine months ago , as if preserving it would somehow lengthen the memories he had of me . 
 my ex-fiance looked up at me , an unfathomable expression stirring in his eyes . 
 `` what are you doing in my house ? '' 
 `` i think you know what the fuck we 're doing here . '' 
 the blonde man 's face twisted as will stepped into the kitchen . 
 they were polar opposites juxtaposed against each other . 
 light vs. dark . 
 `` the fucking photos , ben . 
 i just want them taken down . 
 take them down and leave me alone , and i wo n't press charges . '' 
 `` the fuck you wo n't ! '' 
 will burst out . 
 `` remove them or i 'll remove your fucking balls and boil them in motor oil , you pathetic - '' `` will ! '' 
 ben smiled back at me , unperturbed by the insults . 
 he had an infuriating look of superiority on his face . 
 `` i 've no idea what you 're talking about . 
 you should be more worried about whether i 'll press charges against you . '' 
 `` that 's cute , '' will spat . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 `` breaking and entering . 
 trespassing . 
 take your pick . '' 
 my body went hollow . 
 oh , fuck . 
 i did n't dare look at will ; i just kept staring at ben . 
 please just do the right thing . 
 will lunged forward but i grabbed the back of his jacket and wrenched back . 
 `` no ! 
 that 's just what he wants ! '' 
 i turned back towards ben . 
 `` the door was open , ben . 
 there was no break-in . 
 why are you being so childish about this ? '' 
 `` listen , fuckstick . 
 even if you took them down , i 've got screen caps of them . 
 i thought that you might pull some kind of bullshit . 
 i bet if the cops traced the ip address for the last login on her profile , it would lead back here . '' 
 or maybe not . 
 ben cocked his head , still wearing that smile that made me want to vomit . 
 he was a lawyer . 
 he was too smart to admit to anything . 
 `` to be honest , i was curious about meeting you , '' he said to will . 
 `` after all , you 're the one replacing me . 
 the more i looked into you , the more i really did n't understand why natalie would be into you . '' 
 will laughed harshly . 
 `` is that all you 've got ? '' 
 `` you 're just a foul-mouthed , spoiled , rich boy with a body count . 
 three people died in that car accident . '' 
 a ringing silence followed his words . 
 he savored the pain on william 's face . 
 for once , he did n't have a retort . 
 the disgust in ben 's voice was somewhat justified , and that made me hate him even more . 
 why would he throw that in will 's face ? 
 `` you 're unbelievable , '' i told ben . 
 i tugged will 's jacket . 
 the look on his face scared me . 
 he looked ready to pounce . 
 `` let 's just go . 
 jessica was right , this was a waste of time . '' 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 he goaded as we turned around to leave . 
 `` scared to lose in front of your girlfriend ? '' 
 will pulled against me to sneer at ben . 
 `` i 've already won . 
 natalie is mine and you 're just a little bitch who ca n't even get it up . 
 natalie told me - '' '' - will ! '' 
 holy fucking christ this is going from bad to worse . 
 i clapped my hands to my face . 
 i had n't told any such thing to will , but it was true and will had somehow guessed it . 
 the chair fell over as ben stood upright , all 6 ' 2 '' and 180 pounds vibrating with rage . 
 the leaner , smaller will was itching for a fight . 
 his normally light , kind eyes narrowed at me , his face purpling . 
 i could see a small gleam of hurt behind the rage . 
 `` you told him our personal shit ? '' 
 i opened my mouth angrily but william beat me to the punch . 
 `` she told me nothing . 
 i just guessed that you were a boring , lame asshole whose cock did n't work . 
 guess i was right . '' 
 my mouth lifted into a small smile . 
 `` do n't look at me like that . 
 what right do you have to judge me ? 
 you 're the one who put all my naked pictures online and tried to destroy my career . 
 fuck you , ben . '' 
 i took will 's hand and turned around , not before ben 's heavy footsteps launched across the kitchen . 
 i fell to the side as william pushed me away and i screamed as i fell on the floor . 
 ben 's huge body collided with william 's smaller one . 
 the table and chairs went flying as he knocked them aside . 
 will ducked as ben 's ham-sized fist came swinging at him . 
 `` no ! 
 stop fighting ! '' 
 william sank his fist under ben 's ribs and the bigger man grunted . 
 the blonde man slammed will into the wall , cracking the plaster and knocking the wind out of his chest . 
 he caught a vicious blow on the side of his head and will stumbled , momentarily stunned . 
 i sprinted forward and kicked the backs of ben 's knees and he fell instantly . 
 will grabbed a fistful of his blonde hair and kneed him in the face . 
 there was a sickening crack and a gush of blood . 
 i screamed and knelt to ben 's side . 
 `` help me ! '' 
 ben screamed through a fountain of blood . 
 `` help ! '' 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 ben used his shirt to stem the flow of blood from his nose and i dashed across the kitchen to get paper towels . 
 fuck , this could n't have gone any worse . 
 will was completely unsympathetic . 
 `` calm down , you big baby . '' 
 `` will , that is n't helping . '' 
 two male voices shouted into the apartment . 
 `` police ! 
 what 's going on in here ? '' 
 will made threatening moves towards ben , but he continued to scream . 
 `` help ! '' 
 the cops raised their guns as they entered the kitchen . 
 i threw my hands in the air as they look at will and i. oh , shit . 
 `` he attacked me ! '' 
 ben moaned . 
 `` they broke into my house and he attacked me ! '' 
 `` are you fucking kidding me ? '' 
 the color drained from will 's face as the cops whipped out handcuffs . 
 he lured us here to do this . 
 he knew this would happen . 
 a wave of nausea made me double over . 
 `` want to press charges ? '' 
 his thick arm pointed at will . 
 `` just against him . '' 
 what ? 
 `` ben , what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 ben 's thick , bloodied face stretched into a grotesque smile . 
 i collapsed on one of the still standing chairs as will 's wrists were handcuffed together . 
 `` officers , you do n't understand . 
 this is a complete misunderstanding . 
 he 's not the one who committed the crime ! '' 
 one of the cops looked tired with us already . 
 `` you can follow us to the station and file a report , but i have to arrest him . '' 
 `` tell them the truth ! '' 
 i screamed at ben , who was sitting still on the floor , clutching the handful of paper towels to his face . 
 he just smiled . 
 sickened , i raced to the foyer where the cops were hauling him away . 
 `` will ! 
 i 'll get you out of there ! 
 do n't worry . '' 
 looking sick , will nodded at me and ducked inside the back seat of the car . 
 i descended the steps , watching his face behind the window . 
 slowly , the blue and red lights blurred together and i wiped my eyes . 
 `` if you come inside , i 'll call a cab for you . 
 i have to call a tow truck for that asshole 's car . '' 
 i spun around and saw ben standing at the top of the staircase . 
 `` why are you doing this to me ? 
 have you completely lost your fucking mind ? '' 
 something flickered in his blue eyes , maybe there was a tiny bit of regret buried somewhere inside there . 
 every part of me was radiating heat . 
 i do n't think i 'd ever been so angry in my life . 
 i did n't understand how someone could be so petty , to actually set up my boyfriend to be arrested because he was jealous . 
 `` you never used to talk to me like that , nat . 
 what happened to you ? '' 
 `` are you disappointed that i 've finally learned to stand up to your bullshit ? '' 
 he disgusted me . 
 i wished will had hit him harder . 
 i pulled myself to the top of the staircase and my knee shot upwards , hitting him straight in the groin . 
 all six feet of him crumpled to the ground and i laughed with savage pleasure as he cradled his balls . 
 `` that 's for posting naked pictures of me on my linkedin . 
 i 'm going to sue you and you 'll be disbarred . 
 you 'll never practice law again . '' 
 i was n't sure he could hear me . 
 he was still rolling on the ground , holding his balls . 
 i walked down the steps , leaving him there to scream in pain while i opened my phone and called jessica . 
 something inside me said that this was n't over . 
 not by a long shot . 
 chapter 10 it was past midnight and i was walking alone on the streets of oakland . 
 i placed my feet in front of me mechanically , my brain frozen . 
 it was almost as though i just witnessed someone being shot . 
 the numbness that gripped my brain would n't let me think about anything but placing one foot in front of the other . 
 it was hard to believe what had just happened . 
 ben had completely lost his mind . 
 there was no other explanation for why he would do something so petty , but this was n't just the action of a jealous ex . 
 no , he had leapt far beyond jealousy and had crossed into the rather scary territory of creepiness . 
 ben was n't a bastard when we were together , but somehow he became one when we were apart . 
 will was carted off to jail because of me , and now i 'd dragged luke into this mess . 
 un-fucking believable . 
 my pocket buzzed and i slipped my hand inside for the phone . 
 `` hey . '' 
 jessica 's voice was a nervous bubble of energy . 
 `` natalie ? 
 where are you ? 
 we 're stopped near ben 's apartment . '' 
 `` just keep driving . 
 i walked about a mile . '' 
 `` natalie ! 
 you should n't be walking alone in oakland ! '' 
 she said something to luke . 
 `` we 'll be there soon . '' 
 `` okay , '' i said numbly . 
 it was hard to believe that anything worse could happen to me . 
 luke 's car rolled up next to me and he honked to get my attention . 
 jessica popped her blonde head out of the rolled down window and beckoned . 
 i got into the car and stared ahead as they both turned their heads to look at me . 
 it was like swimming through water . 
 every sight and sound was distorted into confusing messages that i could n't understand . 
 i asked luke to repeat what he said three times before i understood . 
 `` did ben hurt you ? '' 
 `` no , but he hit will . '' 
 a horrible image of ben 's fist slamming against will 's head replayed over and over in my mind . 
 `` it 's all my fault . 
 will was just defending himself . '' 
 i looked into luke 's blue eyes . 
 `` i 'm sorry for all this . '' 
 `` natalie , you 've nothing to be sorry about . 
 you did nothing wrong . '' 
 `` yeah , but ... '' my voice cracked and i bent my head to the ground . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i told them everything that happened in ben 's apartment in a robotic voice ; the severity of his actions had n't hit me yet . 
 from the backseat , i watched luke 's face tighten as i finished the story . 
 `` someone needs to contact will 's father ... and his publicist , if he has n't already . 
 this is really bad . '' 
 my throat squeezed . 
 `` but he did n't do anything wrong ! '' 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 it 's between the word of a criminal defense lawyer and a man , who has had trouble in the past with the law . '' 
 shit . 
 he was right . 
 `` once this gets out , it 'll be a circus . 
 uncle dominic will be livid . '' 
 `` should n't you call him ? '' 
 jessica asked . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i 'm in a lawsuit with the man . 
 ca n't . '' 
 she held out her hand . 
 `` give me the phone . 
 i 'll call him . '' 
 `` i 'm sure will already has . '' 
 the rest of the car ride passed as silently as it could with me trying to stifle my crying . 
 would he hate me for getting him into this mess ? 
 when luke parked the car , he turned around in his seat . 
 `` just stay here . 
 i 'll get him . '' 
 i nodded , my eyes still full of tears . 
 jessica and i waited in silence , both of us yawning in exhaustion . 
 what time is it ? 
 three or four in the morning ? 
 at last , two tall figures walked out of jail and my pulse raced as i made out will 's outline . 
 was he angry ? 
 was he relieved ? 
 not being able to take it anymore , i got out of the car and walked towards him , trying to see his face in the darkness . 
 luke kept glancing at his cousin , as if wondering the same thing . 
 was he going to blow up ? 
 luke walked away from his side when he saw me standing there , waiting for will . 
 he looked fine , really . 
 the side of his face was red , but his eyes were bright with the manic energy that always drew me towards him . 
 will looked more alive than ever . 
 blinded by tears , i stopped in front of him and stared at his tan shoes . 
 i heard luke 's low voice talking to jessica in the car . 
 `` will , i 'm so sorry , '' i mumbled . 
 `` i 've gotten you into so much trouble . '' 
 the scrape of his shoe against the concrete brought him closer to me and then he pulled me into his chest . 
 i wrapped my arms around him immediately , dissolving into tears . 
 will stroked my head and the gentleness in his hands made me cry harder . 
 i did n't deserve it . 
 `` i do n't know why you 're crying , '' he said with a bit of humor in his voice . 
 `` i 'm the one who was arrested . '' 
 i felt the bump of his lips on the top of my head . 
 `` natalie , it 's not your fault . '' 
 he stroked my neck with his thumbs . 
 `` i hated leaving you there at his apartment . '' 
 my face burned against his chest . 
 `` i kneed him in the balls after you left . '' 
 the vibrations of his laughter shook through my body . 
 i felt a little lighter . 
 `` you crazy girl . 
 you should n't have done that , he could have hurt you . '' 
 `` he would n't . '' 
 my mouth went dry . 
 how would i even know ? 
 ben had done things i never thought he was capable of . 
 `` let 's get out of here . '' 
 will was smiling as if it would be all right , but i was n't sure if anything would be all right ever again . 
 * * * billionaire will pardini arrested for battery , bande in oakland - pardini sons out of control ? 
 another article included a picture of will waving cheekily to camera as he was escorted in handcuffs to jail . 
 i closed the lid of will 's laptop , fear gnawing at my insides . 
 he slept in the bedroom , but i did n't think i 'd ever be able to sleep . 
 when we reached his apartment in the city , william made a few phone calls to his father , to his lawyer , and had promptly collapsed into bed . 
 i checked my linkedin profile as soon as i got home , but all of the nude photos mysteriously disappeared . 
 slimy bastard . 
 i was able to login and i changed my password immediately . 
 what was ben playing at ? 
 it was becoming more and more apparent that the photos were just used to draw us to his apartment , so that he could get will arrested . 
 plus , they had the bonus effect of humiliating me . 
 the insecure voice in my head , the one that sounded like my mother , uttered a small thought : did i do something wrong ? 
 did i deserve this ? 
 i kept remembering ben 's blue eyes , devoid of all the warmth i 'd grown accustomed to seeing . 
 ben was never the type to rejoice in other people 's pain , but yesterday he looked at me and smiled through his bloody lips , gloating as will was dragged off to jail . 
 how could he become a completely different person ? 
 fuck . 
 the news teams will be flocking to ben 's door . 
 i paced will 's spacious , san francisco apartment . 
 it was nowhere near the level of luke 's mansion , but it had wonderful views of the bay . 
 i returned to will 's bedroom and impatiently watched him sleep . 
 he needs to get up , dammit . 
 my head pounded with a massive headache . 
 i 'd been up the whole night and the orange sky was beginning to recede into blue . 
 will was on his stomach , dead to the world . 
 i peeled back the comforter and his back muscles twitched . 
 the phone rang and still will did n't move . 
 it blared through the entire apartment , blasting in my ears . 
 he moaned slightly and his head jerked , but the call went to voicemail . 
 `` william , this is your father . 
 your lawyer has contacted me and he says that ben osland has filed a lawsuit against you . 
 several media outlets have already contacted him . 
 we need to begin damage control immediately . 
 this ben character is on a warpath . 
 i have no idea what the hell you did to piss him off so badly , but i just wanted to thank you for once again making my life difficult . 
 call me back . '' 
 do n't get angry with him , it 's my fault . 
 i wanted to pick up the phone and call him back to explain everything . 
 `` you 're welcome , dad . '' 
 will 's muffled voice filtered out of the comforter . 
 i sat on the bed and he rolled over , his bleary eyes watching me . 
 the side of his face was a livid purple and i felt another stab of guilt . 
 `` you look worried . '' 
 `` i am , '' i said in earnest . 
 `` you should be too . '' 
 `` relax , it 'll be fine . '' 
 `` i 'm not so sure . 
 those cops who arrested you are probably in his pocket . 
 he 's friendly with a lot of them because they work together all the time . '' 
 `` great , '' he moaned . 
 `` you sure know how to pick 'em . '' 
 i grasped his warm shoulders and leaned in . 
 `` i 'm so , so sorry . '' 
 my breath caught in my throat . 
 `` why do you keep saying that ? '' 
 he said in a low voice . 
 a fluttering feeling kept distracting me when he touched my arms . 
 `` because you mean a lot to me and i hate that i brought all of this chaos into your life . '' 
 his fingers encircled my arms and pulled me into the warm bed . 
 his face was pinched with fatigue , but i looked at his lips and felt my body heat all over . 
 every time he touched my skin , a jolt of electricity shot through me . 
 the excitement and the strange , pounding feeling in my chest were new . 
 `` you did n't bring chaos into my life . 
 natalie , you 've no idea how empty i was before i met you . '' 
 `` me too , will . '' 
 the palm of his hand increased pressure on my upper back and i fell on my arms as will placed a soft kiss on my lips . 
 i kissed him back hungrily , more urgently , and then his half-naked body turned and fell on top of mine . 
 i caressed his broad back , his shoulder , over the dark bruise beginning to show on his face . 
 he hissed in pain and i pulled away . 
 `` i 'm really glad you kneed that prick in the balls . 
 i wish i could have seen it . '' 
 he lowered himself and kissed me again , his tongue teasing my mouth , as if he was turned on by the image of me kicking my ex-fiance . 
 i felt myself opening up ; my skin was extremely sensitive-every touch made me want to moan . 
 what was it about him that made him so irresistible ? 
 `` will , '' i whispered in his ear . 
 a small moan left his mouth as he felt my lips moving on his ears . 
 `` i like that . '' 
 with one swipe of his arms , my t-shirt flew from my head . 
 he grinned as he reached behind my back and easily unclasped my bra . 
 i let out a thin gasp as his hands grasped my breasts and squeezed . 
 his thumb and forefinger found my peaked nipples and squeezed them . 
 `` ah ! '' 
 his fingers already knew all the places where i was sensitive . 
 i bit down on his neck as they shoved through the narrow space between my panties and dipped to stroke my rapidly moistening clit . 
 he chuckled between kissing my breasts as i seized his back and dug my nails in . 
 ecstasy flooded my senses as his finger probed the heat between my legs until they finally slid inside the tight , wet passage . 
 two fingers curled like a question mark inside me , striking the hot bed of nerves that longed for something longer-thicker . 
 his tongue played on my chest , exciting me , torturing me . 
 i seized his head , brought him to my face , and he grinned at my eagerness . 
 i needed more . 
 with his other hand , he pulled my jeans down to my knees and resumed fingering me . 
 my wetness covered his hand and i heard it slipping around him as he pumped his fingers inside me . 
 i cried out when his hands dug inside to the hilt and he curled up to stroke that sensitive spot . 
 `` i do n't know how much longer i can keep doing this , '' he groaned . 
 `` you are so wet . '' 
 his muscular body glided over me and i grabbed his waist to unbutton his jeans . 
 i paused for a moment to ride my palm over the rigid bulge and his face twitched as i squeezed it . 
 `` maybe i should tease you . '' 
 `` do n't you dare , '' he growled . 
 i unzipped his pants slowly and reached inside for his long , hard length . 
 i pulled him out of his briefs and watched as a drop trembled over the head . 
 i lifted myself and kissed him , my tongue reaching out to catch the drop . 
 my hands smoothed over his muscular ass and i pulled him closer to my face . 
 my mouth open , i heard his strangled moan as his cock passed my lips . 
 his thickness widened my mouth , my tongue riding on the ridge . 
 excitement jumped up my thighs as i felt him take control . 
 he pumped slowly , taking his time as i kept my lips firmly clasped around him . 
 i guided his hips , urging him on-faster . 
 through his mouth , he uttered a stream of curses and guttural moans . 
 i was fascinated by how dirty it was-and how much i liked it . 
 will 's face , streaked with sweat , crumpled as if he was in pain . 
 he pulled out of my mouth and hovered in front of my lips , before he let out a sigh , like dipping into a warm bath . 
 then he pulled out completely and his torso moved down urgently . 
 he ripped off my jeans and flung them across the room and suddenly my legs were wrapped around his waist and he dove forward . 
 i let out a sharp gasp as he sank inside me , pounding hard enough to rob me of all breath . 
 his hot face met mine with a steaming kiss as i moaned into his lips . 
 the headboard slammed rhythmically into the wall . 
 nothing could possibly feel better than his hips driving his rock-hard cock into me . 
 i clutched his head against my breast as his whole body surged forward , every muscle focused on delivering me as much pleasure as possible . 
 my pulse maintained its rapid pace and i clenched myself tight around him , my face screwing up as will 's heavy breaths surrounded me . 
 the pleasure ramped up like the tight coils of a spring , and then suddenly he hammered forward and i convulsed around his cock at the same time that he uttered a low moan and jumped inside me . 
 `` natalie . '' 
 he bit down on my neck and squeezed my breast as his orgasm shuddered through his body . 
 `` i can feel you . '' 
 he reached down and touched my twitching muscles as he slid out . 
 i was too busy focusing on the electricity shooting through my body . 
 he raised himself on his elbows , looking extremely tired but pleased . 
 i wiped the damp locks of hair from his eyes and he lowered himself . 
 his lips were soft against mine , and even though i was exhausted i felt that i could kiss him for hours . 
 * * * i spent the next few days away from william , hunkering in my cold apartment and refreshing ten different windows on my computer . 
 william said he needed time to deal with all of the negative press , and i understood that . 
 the headlines got worse . 
 a lot worse . 
 billionaire and pal kill three with dui in redwood city in '11 battery victim condemns pardini family for `` covering up '' dui he never said sorry : an expose into the pardini dui crash opinion : pardini family cover-up shows youth that drinking and driving is ok is the law lenient on the rich ? 
 none of them seemed to care that william was n't in the driver 's seat . 
 all that mattered was that he was rich . 
 ben mentioned the deadly crash during one of his interviews and the media ran with it , igniting a firestorm of vitriol and public outcry against the pardini family . 
 when i called him , his voice was quieter . 
 it was as if they were slowly draining him of life . 
 he was spiraling . 
 `` when can i see you ? '' 
 silence crackled on the other end of the line . 
 ten-fifteen seconds . 
 `` will , are you still there ? '' 
 a bit of anger crept into my voice , but i stamped it down . 
 `` uh-what ? 
 sorry . '' 
 `` i said , when can i see you again ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' he said blandly . 
 `` i have to go now . '' 
 i bit my lip hard so that he could n't hear the tears in my voice . 
 `` okay . 
 bye . '' 
 without so much as a farewell , william hung up and i stared at my empty phone as if it could tell me what was wrong with him . 
 i could n't even think about how depressing my life had become . 
 i still had no job , my parents would not stop calling , and it looked like i was going to lose will . 
 every time he looked at me , he would be reminded about how my ex got him into this mess . 
 it was n't my fault , but he would still resent me for it . 
 i crumpled up the piece of paper i 'd been using to sketch a design and hurled it across my too small bedroom . 
 the final designs i had yet to finish glared at me through the computer screen . 
 a soft knock at my door interrupted my thoughts . 
 `` come in . '' 
 a sliver of jessica 's slight figure appeared in the crack of the door . 
 she gave me a wry smile . 
 `` come here . 
 luke has something for you . '' 
 my eyes narrowed . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` just come , '' she said innocently . 
 whatever it was , jessica looked like she was barely containing her excitement . 
 i followed her into the kitchen where luke stood , still dressed in his work clothes . 
 he held a folder in his hands and was beaming at me . 
 what could he possibly have for me ? 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 `` natalie , everyone really loved the approach you took for the campaign . '' 
 grinning ear to ear , he walked closer . 
 `` the creative director leading the bed and breakfast campaign wants to hire you as a full-time employee . 
 here 's the offer she wants to give you . '' 
 stunned , i took the folder he handed me . 
 jessica let out a joyous shriek and tackled me . 
 `` you did it ! 
 you 're going to be working for pardini worldwide ! '' 
 luke chuckled . 
 `` well , if she wants to . '' 
 i opened the folder and thumbed through the hr welcome packet , still not quite believing it . 
 a surge of energy burst into my veins , followed by a sickening thought . 
 `` did will do this ? '' 
 he raised his eyebrows . 
 `` ah , no . 
 like i said , our creative director emailed will and said she wanted you . 
 you 're supposed to get an email , but i thought i 'd come in person . 
 will was supposed to , but he has n't been at work lately . '' 
 all the joy i felt at being offered a position at such a great company evaporated into thin air . 
 luke 's eyes hardened at the mention of his cousin . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` he 's in a really bad way , natalie . 
 i think all of this negative press is bringing back a lot of memories from the accident . '' 
 my hand fell to my mouth as i realized the pain he must be going through alone . 
 i pulled my phone out of my back pocket and checked it for messages . 
 nothing . 
 `` why has n't he called me ? '' 
 his eyes wrinkled as he gave me a helpless shrug . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 he needs me . 
 i dashed around the apartment , grabbing my keys , purse , and phone . 
 maybe he was too stubborn to ask for help . 
 i glanced sadly at the packet luke gave me . 
 `` thanks a lot , luke . 
 i wish i did n't have to leave but i think will needs me-i 'm really excited to start working for pardini worldwide . '' 
 he nodded seriously . 
 `` i 'll tell them . 
 carrie will contact you with the details . '' 
 * * * a group of paparazzi clustered around will 's apartment , surrounding the stairs that led to his building . 
 vultures . 
 they whirled around to snap photos of me as i walked up the steps . 
 recognizing me , they screamed my name and the strangeness of having people i 'd never met know my name distracted me for a moment . 
 i stopped in front of the door and hesitated . 
 i wanted to see him-i always wanted to see him-but would he want to see me ? 
 would he send me back home immediately ? 
 knocking on the door , i flinched as if i expected him to be standing right behind it . 
 several long seconds passed . 
 the back of my neck burned as the vultures continued to click away . 
 i knocked again . 
 nothing . 
 groaning , i sent him a quick text : it 's me . 
 at last , i heard the sounds of someone moving in his apartment . 
 the door cracked open and an angry , dark eye glowered at me . 
 `` you 're not supposed to be here . '' 
 i was hurt by the gruff tone of his voice . 
 `` i know . 
 luke said you were n't doing well , and you have n't been responding to my calls . '' 
 `` interfering jerk . '' 
 `` mr. pardini ! 
 do you have a statement ? '' 
 he shuddered slightly at the sound of their voices . 
 `` get in quickly . '' 
 he let the door open and squinted from the sunlight . 
 i gasped as i took in his haphazard appearance . 
 his face was pale and gaunt ; he looked like he 'd stayed up several days , but his eyes were listless . 
 dark . 
 the door closed behind me , shutting out the noise of the crazed mob . 
 `` heard about the job . 
 congrats , '' he said with his back to me . 
 `` thanks , '' i said in a small voice , feeling a bit wounded at the indifference in his voice . 
 without so much as a friendly greeting , will walked into the living room and sat down on the couch , where he watched the giant plasma television screen . 
 a cnn host argued with a psychologist about whether rehabilitation worked for dui drivers while a marquee near the bottom mentioned that pardini stock had fallen several points . 
 he pulled a laptop over his knees and his sunken eyes darted across the screen as he read an email . 
 `` is this what you 've been doing this whole time ? '' 
 i asked , horrified . 
 he shrugged slightly , looking defeated in his battered t-shirt and sweatpants . 
 `` what else is there to do ? 
 i ca n't leave and it 's all i 've been able to think about for days . 
 i 'm going to hold a press conference tomorrow . '' 
 i sank into the couch next to him , feeling increasingly hurt by his utter lack of warmth . 
 this is n't about you . 
 `` what ? 
 did your publicist tell you to do that ? '' 
 having a dozen different media outlets fire questions at him seemed like a disaster waiting to happen . 
 he sipped from the stone cold mug of coffee . 
 `` i fired my publicist . '' 
 shock rippled through my joints . 
 i looked at will 's sunken face , debating whether i should keep my thoughts to myself . 
 `` will , i do n't think that 's a good idea . 
 you can barely talk about the accident without having panic attacks . '' 
 `` it does n't matter what i can or ca n't handle . 
 i need to do this on my own . '' 
 the coldness in his voice made me think that he also included me . 
 `` will , you do n't need to do this on your own . 
 let me help you . '' 
 i tried to close the laptop , but he jerked the screen away from me . 
 a pang struck my heart as he looked at me , a frightening , almost angry look striking out at me . 
 `` just leave me be . '' 
 my heart seized with pain . 
 i knew that he was hurting , but i desperately wanted to help him . 
 i felt responsible for the whole thing . 
 my hand fell on his thigh . 
 `` please do n't shut me out . '' 
 the laptop clattered as he set it down on the table . 
 a strange , humorless smile filled his face and he laughed , shaking his head . 
 my blood raced through when he suddenly gripped his head and pulled his hair . 
 i could n't tell whether it was madness or exhaustion . 
 `` will , you 're scaring me . '' 
 i touched his shoulder , but he moved away from me as if i repulsed him . 
 i pulled my hands away from him , my face hot . 
 what did i do ? 
 the dam i 'd built to keep my depression at bay finally crumbled and will saw the agony on my face . 
 `` i 'm sorry , natalie . 
 i ca n't deal with this . 
 it 's too much . '' 
 he finally looked at me and i could see the stress breaking him down . 
 he was like a shattered sculpture . 
 maybe he could be mended , but he would never be the same again . 
 there was still no warmth in his voice . 
 it was as if he blamed me . 
 `` there 's just nothing left in me , natalie . '' 
 `` are you angry with me ? '' 
 my eyes burned as i watched him carefully , his face looked prematurely lined with fatigue . 
 there was no spirit in his body , none of that fevered energy that made him so exciting . 
 `` no , i do n't feel anything for you anymore . '' 
 he turned his head sideways and his eyes looked like dark tunnels . 
 something went through me as i looked at him : a silent howl . 
 he 's breaking up with me . 
 i shook my head , tears already spilling down . 
 `` but-will - '' `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 he hunched over his faded sweatpants . 
 his grief was beyond tears , it seemed . 
 `` i ca n't do this right now . '' 
 i do n't feel anything for you . 
 whatever we had in our brief time together was gone . 
 he could n't handle a relationship with me or maybe he really did n't have any feelings for me . 
 it did n't matter . 
 it was over . 
 i felt like i was bleeding to death . 
 `` i want you to know that the time i had with you was the best in my life . 
 i wish i could have done more for you . '' 
 will cringed against the sound of my shaking voice . 
 `` just go . '' 
 he might as well have kicked me in the ribs . 
 the air left my lungs and a sob shook through my throat . 
 his head turned and he finally looked alive , his eyes were glazed over and he made a movement as though he meant to touch me , but i dodged out of reach . 
 i shot up from the couch and ran from him like a child . 
 i hoped that he would catch up to me and apologize-or beg me to stay , but i did n't hear so much as a whimper . 
 i shut the front door as bright flashes blinded my eyes . 
 i threw my arms in front of my face . 
 `` ms. porter ! '' 
 a dozen strangers elbowed each other to scream at me , demanding questions and offering me thousands of dollars to sell a story . 
 a violent surge of hatred reared up inside me as i stared at their insistent faces . 
 `` fuck off ! '' 
 there were yells of anger as i stormed down the steps . 
 my shoulder slammed against someone 's camera and his voice rose in outrage . 
 good , i thought . 
 maybe you 'll understand how pissed off i am right now . 
 they followed me all the way to my car , still madly clicking away at me even though they had no idea that i had nothing to do with william pardini anymore . 
 for a moment , i saw myself yanking on the steering wheel to drive towards oakland and running over ben 's body . 
 he 'd deserve it . 
 it was easier to cling onto my anger , because if i did n't , i 'd be forced to think about how i just lost william . 
 there was also the sting of disappointing my parents , who would be extremely upset . 
 my mother 's voice rang in my head . 
 first ben , now william . 
 you really go through them , do n't you ? 
 after this , they would lose all hope for me . 
 i turned the key to my apartment and walked over the ugly carpet . 
 having no desire to be interrogated by jessica , i headed straight for my bedroom . 
 i saw a brief image of luke and jessica sitting at the kitchen table , standing up when they saw me . 
 a bottle of champagne sat on the table . 
 `` natalie ! 
 we wanted to celebrate-where are you going ? '' 
 oh , god no . 
 not now . 
 jessica took one look at my flushed face . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 my eyes darted to luke , who still had the vestiges of a smile on his face . 
 he fingered a bottle opener anxiously . 
 `` we broke up , '' i said in a hoarse voice . 
 my best friend gasped and looked at luke . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i shrugged as if it was a minor inconvenience . 
 `` he could n't handle it . '' 
 luke 's eyes were sympathetic and i felt a sudden rush of anger for him , too . 
 stop looking at me like i 'm a beaten dog . 
 `` he 's under a lot of stress , '' he said carefully . 
 `` it 's probably the best thing for now - '' `` how the hell would you know ? '' 
 i snapped . 
 `` natalie ! '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i looked at both of them , seizing upon something-anything that would make me feel better . 
 `` you never even liked him ! 
 he dropped everything in italy and flew to chicago just to help you . '' 
 `` i know , '' he said quickly . 
 `` i never said i did n't appreciate it . 
 i 'm really sorry , natalie . '' 
 it was n't enough . 
 will was gone from me and it was all ben 's fault , but ben was n't here for me to get angry with . 
 even if i wanted to sue him , how would i ever afford the lawyer fees ? 
 how could i prove he 'd done anything ? 
 ben was going to get off scot-free and my life-will 's life was in shambles . 
 their sad faces watched me anxiously ; in their heads they were making excuses for my rude behavior . 
 i did n't want excuses . 
 i wanted to fight someone . 
 the dirty apartment only added fuel to my anger . 
 there were crumbs on the floor and i knew she had n't vacuumed while i was gone . 
 i looked at her round , blonde face and felt a stab of anger . 
 `` could n't you have cleaned while i was gone ? '' 
 i left jessica as she stammered a reply and entered my room , slamming the door shut . 
 i buried myself under the covers of my soft bed and tried to close my eyes , but a vicious cycle of images passed through my head like a slideshow : the nude pictures , ben , william in handcuffs , him breaking up with me , the paparazzi outside his apartment , and jessica and luke waiting for me in the kitchen with a bottle of champagne . 
 as i thought of them , i felt a fresh wave of remorse and shame . 
 they had done nothing but support me . 
 luke posted bail for william and they planned to celebrate my new job with me , but how could i celebrate when william was suffering ? 
 we bonded so much on the trip . 
 it was the best time of my life , but reflecting on it now was like remembering someone who died . 
 i bundled the thick comforter near my face and grimaced against the sadness thickening my throat . 
 he did so much for me . 
 he got me this job , he made me feel better about myself , and he helped me confront ben . 
 i thought hard about what i had done for him in return , but could n't come up with anything . 
 all i did was ruin his life . 
 no wonder he broke up with me . 
 i wanted to help him , a desperate voice inside me insisted . 
 maybe i should have tried harder . 
 * * * i woke up the next morning with my eyes swollen shut with dried tears . 
 i rolled out of bed and grabbed my phone , hoping for a text from will or a missed call-nothing . 
 he really is done with me . 
 i hurled the phone to the carpeted floor , which absorbed the force of my throw harmlessly . 
 a swell of rage burst through my limbs and i wanted to smash the phone with my feet . 
 ben was the one who deserved this . 
 i took it and threw it across the room with a small scream but i only felt disappointment when it struck the wall , leaving a small dent in the plaster . 
 jessica was in the kitchen when i emerged from my bedroom . 
 her delicate wisps of hair were caught into a severe ponytail and she looked at me and flinched , as if she expected me to throw her across the room , too . 
 i could n't help but notice the spotless floor . 
 `` i 'm sorry about yesterday , '' i said baldly . 
 she nodded . 
 `` it 's fine . 
 you 're pissed . 
 i would be too . '' 
 `` i need to apologize to luke , too . 
 he 's been nothing but helpful to me . '' 
 i sank down at one of the metal chairs surrounding the kitchen table and heaved a great sigh . 
 `` i do n't know how i 'm supposed to move on . '' 
 `` for starters , you could press charges against ben . '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` with what evidence ? 
 and money ? 
 the fucking bastard won . 
 he got what he wanted , he drove us apart . '' 
 it should have been easy to move on from a three-week relationship , but i grew way too attached to him during those weeks and there was the fact that i never been happier in my life . 
 i never felt so completely satisfied with someone . 
 still , i tried to seize upon the advice that i always gave to other people . 
 oh well , you 'll find someone else . 
 there are plenty of other fish in the sea . 
 only there were n't any that interested me . 
 i had done nothing wrong . 
 it ended because of ben . 
 no , it ended because of will . 
 he does n't want you . 
 `` maybe you should go back to his apartment , '' she suggested . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no , that 's pathetic . 
 if he does n't want me , he does n't want me . 
 begging wo n't help my cause . '' 
 `` i 'm not talking about begging . 
 i 'm talking about just being there for him , even if you 're not in a relationship . '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 i grabbed my laptop from my room and collapsed onto the couch , reading my work emails , which largely consisted an introduction from hr . 
 i turned on the tv for a distraction . 
 bury yourself in work . 
 do n't think about it . 
 the only reason i had this job was because of will . 
 jessica sat at the table . 
 every so often , she would give me an unhappy look as if my misery infected her . 
 i half-listened to the tv as i drafted a profanity-laden email to ben that i probably would n't send . 
 there was something about an exclusive report and i almost wanted to change the channel . 
 i 'm so sick of the news . 
 `` natalie ! '' 
 jessica gasped . 
 a familiar voice spoke from the tv and i lifted my head from the laptop , bewildered . 
 william stood in front of his apartment dressed in a suit . 
 he looked - `` oh my god . 
 he looks terrible ! '' 
 jessica clapped her hands in front of her mouth and her face went red . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 he had n't shaved for at least five days and his face was skull-like . 
 bloodshot eyes looked directly into the camera without blinking . 
 `` he looks like he 's going to throw up or collapse . '' 
 `` shh ! '' 
 i hissed . 
 `` several years ago i was involved in a fatal dui accident . 
 my friend , daniel martinez , was driving my car . '' 
 his adam 's apple bobbed . 
 `` three people were killed : julian metsky , michelle ramos , and james ramos . 
 i think of them every day . 
 words can not express how much i regret my actions that night and if i could give up my life to return the victims back to their families , i would do it in a heartbeat . 
 `` it has come to my attention that i am completely incapable of moving past the accident , and i would like to take this opportunity to give my resignation to pardini worldwide . '' 
 with that , william turned around and reentered his apartment , ignoring the scream of questions that exploded the moment he stepped away from the microphones . 
 `` oh my god , '' i moaned . 
 `` he 's resigning ? '' 
 will , what are you doing ? 
 jessica removed her hands from her mouth . 
 `` his father wo n't be happy . '' 
 my heart pounded as i watched him disappear behind the door . 
 `` i ca n't believe he just did that . '' 
 it 's not your problem anymore . 
 but there was no way i could ignore what just happened . 
 maybe i needed to do something to ignore the pain building up in my chest . 
 i did n't want to think about will retreating into his own misery and wasting away . 
 i needed to do something . 
 `` wait ! 
 where are you going ? '' 
 `` to see ben , '' i muttered as i ran into my room . 
 i opened my laptop and clicked on the email will sent me days ago . 
 attached to the email were screenshots . 
 they were n't damning evidence on their own , but if i had more information ... `` what ? '' 
 jessica 's scream of outrage followed me into the room . 
 she stood at the doorway , her hands on her hips . 
 `` did i hear you correctly ? 
 you 're not fucking going ! '' 
 `` i 'm going to get him to drop the charges against will . '' 
 i waved the printed screenshots at her . 
 `` if he does n't , i 'll go full steam ahead . '' 
 `` and how easy do you think it 'll be for him to accuse you of blackmailing him , because that 's what this is ! 
 do n't be stupid ! '' 
 `` i do n't care ! '' 
 i stood up and the printed pictures floated to the floor , sliding out of my grasp . 
 jessica stumbled back from the force of my voice . 
 `` i know that you 're angry , but think , natalie . 
 if you go charging off to ben 's house again , you 'll only dig yourself a bigger hole . '' 
 frustration was bleeding into anger . 
 why could n't she understand ? 
 i looked at her calm face and wanted to shatter it . 
 `` i ca n't just sit here and do nothing ! '' 
 `` no , '' she agreed . 
 `` you ca n't . '' 
 jessica heaved a sigh . 
 `` i 'm probably going to regret this , but i 'll come with you . '' 
 `` i do n't want to get anyone else in trouble . 
 besides , you two hate each other . 
 it 's just asking for trouble . '' 
 `` you need someone with a cool head to come with you to stop you from doing anything stupid . '' 
 whatever . 
 `` i 'm leaving now . '' 
 grabbing my purse and keys , i swept past jessica who hurried behind me . 
 * * * `` we could still head back , '' jessica suggested . 
 i shook my head firmly and raised my fist to the door , which was thankfully closed . 
 `` he might not even answer . 
 once he sees you , he 'll just - '' my fist pounded against the wood to drown out her protests . 
 i brushed aside her sigh of anger and waited in front of the door , willing myself to be calm and not lose my head . 
 several minutes passed , but i kept knocking on the door . 
 `` he 's not coming . 
 let 's go , '' she pleaded . 
 a piercing pain shot through my heart as the door cracked open , revealing a tall man . 
 i was pleased to see tape over the bridge of ben 's nose . 
 looks like will broke it . 
 good . 
 `` you 're not supposed to be here . 
 if you want to say something to me , you can contact my lawyer . '' 
 he smirked and shut the door , but i wedged my foot in between before he could close it . 
 `` i 'll also be sure to contact your lawyer with the evidence that you put those pictures online . 
 i 'm willing to settle this now without pressing charges . '' 
 ben 's smirk faltered . 
 `` you 're bluffing . '' 
 `` okay , '' i quipped , removing my foot . 
 `` i 'll leave since you 're not interested . '' 
 jessica looked at me in bewilderment as i turned around to descend the stairs . 
 one step . 
 two steps . 
 any moment now . 
 `` hold on . '' 
 his baritone voice called out to me , much clearer than before . 
 i buried the smile on my face before turning around with a neutral expression , pleased to see that jessica lost her shocked expression . 
 ben stood on the patio of his brownstone , looking at jessica with an ugly look . 
 `` you . '' 
 the way he said it made me think of cockroaches . 
 jessica returned the look , straightening her back . 
 `` me . '' 
 `` are you willing to talk ? '' 
 it was strange how powerful i felt , even as i looked up at him . 
 his eyes flicked back and forth , unsure , cautious . 
 i had all the cards ; i just had to not screw this up . 
 `` fine . 
 come inside . '' 
 he stepped aside to allow us into his dark apartment . 
 `` oh , i do n't think that 's a good idea , '' jessica said quickly . 
 `` i 've no intention of being sent to jail for whatever trumped up charge you 're dreaming of accusing me . '' 
 the smile returned to his face . 
 `` whatever . '' 
 he zeroed in on me . 
 `` now what is it that you want ? '' 
 my hands tightened around the pictures i held . 
 `` i want you to drop the lawsuit and the charges against will . 
 in return , i wo n't ruin your career by taking this evidence to the police . '' 
 his thick arms folded across his chest , his eyes flicking from jessica , the paper , and me . 
 `` what evidence ? '' 
 now do n't screw this up . 
 i kept my eyes trained on his , my eyes watering from not blinking . 
 i held them out and he took them , another infuriating smile forming on his face . 
 `` is this all you 've got ? 
 screen captures ? '' 
 he shook his head and peered at them . 
 `` you know , these are n't the most flattering pictures of you . '' 
 ignoring the barb , i forced a harsh laugh of my own . 
 `` oh , that 's not all . 
 will has a ton of private investigators and computer savvy people at his disposal . 
 we 've already matched your ip address to the last login on your computer , and i already know that you emailed yourself the pictures from your phone . '' 
 none of that was true , of course , but as the last word fell from my lips his face visibly whitened . 
 bingo . 
 `` and i 'm pretty sure i can afford the best lawyers what with my boyfriend being rich and all . '' 
 `` i wo n't drop the charges against will . 
 he attacked me in my own home - '' `` after you attacked him first ! '' 
 it was hard looking at him . 
 pain still throbbed in my chest from what he had done to me . 
 i could n't even see him anymore . 
 i did n't recognize this bitter , vile person who somehow took over ben 's body . 
 `` says who ? 
 i have two police officers who arrived on scene - '' `` actually , they got there while you were fighting . 
 i 'm the only witness . 
 you know that the judge will throw this case out , anyways . 
 you have no proof , but i do . '' 
 fury worked all over his face as he twisted his mouth and thought through everything i said . 
 he knows i 'm right . 
 he wo n't risk ruining his career . 
 jessica caught my eye and flashed a quick , triumphant smirk . 
 `` all right , i 'll drop the charges and the lawsuit , but you better hold up your end . '' 
 his mouth twisted with hatred , he spat on the ground . 
 my eyes narrowed . 
 `` you 'll contact his lawyer tonight . 
 if i do n't hear about this from will , the deal 's off . '' 
 i stared into his blue orbs until i knew he understood and turned away from the man who wrecked will 's life . 
 it was hard-really hard-not to run back up the stairs and knee him in the balls a second time , but i desperately wanted this to work . 
 a tiny pathetic part of me hoped that will would call me when he heard the news . 
 we closed the doors to my car and sat there in silence for a few moments . 
 i heard jessica 's head turn against the headrest . 
 `` that was awesome . 
 i 'm really proud of you . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 my facial muscles somehow lifted into a smile . 
 it was almost like i forgot how to do it . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 she prompted me . 
 the car roared to life as i turned the ignition . 
 the possibilities seemed endless-i had outsmarted the criminal defense lawyer who i used to look up to with a mixture of devotion and awe . 
 he was the man who my parents loved , who had somehow gained their approval . 
 what did they know ? 
 he was just an idiot . 
 `` let 's get a drink . '' 
 `` yeah , sounds good ! '' 
 chapter 11 the next morning , i woke up with a pounding headache and no memory of how i got into bed . 
 moaning , i sat up and blinked blearily at the sunlight pouring through the blinds . 
 my mouth felt as dry as sandpaper and my eyeballs felt as though they had been dipped in acid . 
 ugh . 
 hangover . 
 i peeked jessica 's bedroom , but she was not there . 
 i wandered from room to room , searching for her , but it was clear that she had taken her things and left the apartment , probably to stay at luke 's house for the weekend . 
 feeling lonely , i sat in a rickety chair at my kitchen table , listening to the ticking clock hanging on the wall , and slowly drank a tall glass of water as i watched my phone . 
 i 've never felt so pathetic and alone in my life . 
 stop feeling sorry for yourself and do something . 
 do what ? 
 what could i do to help will that i had n't tried already ? 
 i dragged my laptop to the kitchen and scrolled through the comments section on an article at cnn about the dui fiasco : rehab for a dui ? 
 what an insult to the victims ' families . 
 rich kid heads to rehab , three people head to graveyards . 
 not sure why people are blaming him when the article states that he was a passenger in the car ... then i opened a gossip website : lawyer drops all charges against william pardini . 
 the comments section consisted of people wondering how much will gave ben to pay him off . 
 disgusted , i closed the window and opened photoshop . 
 my first day of work was coming up soon , so there was still nothing to do . 
 the blank , empty canvas stared at me and i glanced at my sketchpad , remembering what i was working on the night i got back from europe . 
 i got the idea to make a mock-up of a nonprofit organization against drunk driving . 
 i never had the opportunity to design a whole website , let alone a non-profit , and i wanted to do something for will to thank him for everything he had done for me . 
 between ben 's antics with the photos and will 's arrest , i did n't have the time to focus on it . 
 quickly , i started work . 
 the pain in my head receded from a dull throb to a slight twinge in my head . 
 i chose a neutral color scheme : soft blues , beige , and white . 
 at the top of the website i made a banner : the william pardini foundation . 
 underneath the banner , i wrote a brief mission statement and cropped a photo of him to place over the text . 
 i was so engrossed in the project that i did n't even notice my phone buzzing until it fell with a loud thump to the floor . 
 `` shit . '' 
 i dove down and answered it . 
 `` hello , this is natalie . '' 
 `` good morning , ms. porter . '' 
 a ripened , male voice spoke through the cell phone . 
 i knew that i recognized his voice , but i was n't sure who he was . 
 was he perhaps an old client ? 
 `` um-good morning . '' 
 i still have no idea who this is . 
 `` i wanted to thank you for what you did with mr. osland . 
 william and i are very grateful . '' 
 a sudden shock went through me and the phone almost slipped from my face . 
 it 's will 's dad . 
 `` oh ! 
 yes , well , i was just trying to help . '' 
 `` well , i hope you 're still willing to help because william desperately needs it . 
 he 's going to meet the victims ' families tomorrow . '' 
 `` that 's great ! '' 
 `` actually , ms. porter , it is n't . '' 
 the smile vanished from my face when i heard his icy tone . 
 `` he 's in no shape to visit them . 
 what i want you to do is to accompany him . 
 there will be media there and we need to present william as a stable , well-adjusted adult in a healthy relationship . 
 i want you to support him , but above all , i want you to prevent him from doing anything stupid . '' 
 i could hear the panic rumbling in his voice . 
 he was frightened that will would say something that would damage the company 's reputation . 
 `` why did n't he just ask me himself ? '' 
 `` he does not know that i am calling you . 
 i am worried about my son , ms. porter , and i know what you said to my wife about him . 
 i am allowing this to happen only because every other attempt to help him has failed . 
 you will be well compensated for your trouble . '' 
 `` i do n't want your money , '' i said quickly . 
 he sighed impatiently . 
 `` i need some kind of assurance that you 'll do this . '' 
 i listened to the static on the other end . 
 i knew that i would n't take his money , but perhaps there was something else he could do . 
 `` settle the lawsuit with luke and i 'll do it . '' 
 there was silence on the other end for almost thirty seconds . 
 `` that 's none of your business . '' 
 i cringed from the bite in his words . 
 `` those are my terms . '' 
 `` why does it even matter to you ? '' 
 `` luke is my friend . 
 he helped will , too , you know . 
 he bailed him out of jail when he could have let him rot there . '' 
 `` sitting in a jail cell for a few days is exactly what my son needs . 
 goodbye , ms. porter . '' 
 `` wait ! '' 
 i yelled before he could hang up , my heart pounding rather fast . 
 `` i 'll do it , but i do n't want your money , i just want to help will . 
 he deserves it . '' 
 `` i think so , especially when this entire mess could have been avoided if he never met you . 
 the car will be at your apartment at eight tomorrow . 
 do not be late . '' 
 the smile in his voice made me feel like i had been duped . 
 `` okay , '' i said in a small voice . 
 `` oh , and ms. porter ? '' 
 my heart quickened . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` you 're a terrible negotiator . 
 goodbye . '' 
 mr. pardini hung up before i could squeak out another word . 
 * * * my pale , anxious face stared at me through the mirror . 
 i picked up the brush and buffed my cheeks with blush . 
 should i put my hair up or down ? 
 i twisted my hair into a knot that i piled on top of my head and studied myself . 
 too severe . 
 i should look friendly . 
 i let my hair fall down and winced at my reflection . 
 it was like getting ready for piano recitals when i was a kid . 
 i knew i had n't practiced and that it would be an utter disaster , but i went anyways because my parents expected it of me . 
 i felt the same way about today . 
 sitting down at the kitchen table , i forced myself to eat two pieces of toast and a large mug of coffee , wondering if will would be in the car that picked me up . 
 my breakfast churned in my stomach unpleasantly as whips of fear struck my body . 
 what will he say ? 
 will he be angry that i came ? 
 even though it was still hours from their arrival , i ran to the bathroom and brushed my teeth vigorously , painstakingly applying my makeup afterwards . 
 the next few hours were spent on the couch , grimacing as i checked the time and running back to the bathroom to reapply makeup . 
 the chime of the doorbell sounded through the apartment and i dropped my lipstick , which clattered against the porcelain sink . 
 `` shit . '' 
 i looked in the mirror briefly to check my appearance and wiped my sweaty palms on the hand towel before i grabbed my purse and dashed out of the bathroom . 
 i hoped they would approve of my dress . 
 my heels sank in the horrible carpet , making me stumble as i rushed to the front door . 
 `` shit , shit , shit . '' 
 i yanked it open and was startled to see dominic pardini standing on my doorstep , dressed as though he was going to a cocktail party . 
 his eyes were very much like william 's - intense and dark , but they lacked all of his warmth . 
 they scanned me briefly before he gave me a small , approving nod . 
 i tried to block his view of my apartment as much as i could . 
 `` ms. porter , it 's wonderful to see you again . '' 
 wonderful ? 
 i opened my mouth slightly , but he gave a slight shake of his head . 
 `` if you 'd just follow me to the car . '' 
 i stepped outside to the gleaming black mercedes stopped on the curb and turned around to lock the door , and then i noticed the pair of men on either side of me with giant cameras . 
 `` whoa ! '' 
 `` do not be alarmed , they 're only the reporters i hired . '' 
 i swung around to gawk at him . 
 `` you hired them ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i 'll explain everything in the car . '' 
 they shoved the cameras in my face and took pictures . 
 mr. pardini grabbed my arm and led me down the steps ; then he opened the door and i lumbered inside awkwardly . 
 thankfully , the photographers did n't follow us into the car . 
 `` go , '' he said to the driver when he swept inside . 
 the sound from the outside world disappeared when mr. pardini shut the door of the car . 
 i bit my lip and looked outside . 
 now that i was alone with him , i felt a bit awkward . 
 i kept stealing glances at william 's father , intrigued by him . 
 `` thank you for coming , ms. porter . '' 
 he watched me carefully . 
 `` you 're welcome . 
 and you can just call me , natalie . '' 
 he was so different from will ; he was formal , poised , and dignified , whereas will was crass and loud . 
 it was a startling contrast . 
 `` very well , natalie . '' 
 the name rolled awkwardly off his tongue . 
 `` we are en route to william 's apartment . 
 we 'll leave immediately to redwood city and take photos of will leaving flowers at the crash site , and then there will be photos with the families . 
 the cameras will follow you inside their home . '' 
 oh my god . 
 my stomach churned and i looked at his determined face . 
 `` will agreed to do all this ? '' 
 i really was n't sure it was the right move . 
 mr. pardini blinked at me . 
 `` no , of course not . '' 
 i looked away from him and bit my lip hard , twisting my hands in my lap . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 he said , sounding bored . 
 `` just say it . '' 
 i gave him a frightened look . 
 `` um , mr. pardini , do n't you think that 'll look really staged ? '' 
 he let out a long sigh and rolled up his sleeve to glance at his watch . 
 `` i 've been doing this for a long time , natalie . 
 the shots might be staged , but william 's emotions will be real . 
 is n't that the whole point ? '' 
 i could n't help but nod under his severe expression , but privately i knew that will would hate the idea of cameras following him into their homes . 
 he would never do it . 
 `` can i ask you why you are interested in my son ? '' 
 what do you mean , ` why ' ? 
 william 's father looked at me shrewdly ; perhaps he wondered why his son would be interested in me . 
 i searched myself for the answer . 
 it was n't hard to find , but i felt weird gushing about him to his father . 
 `` i like being with him . 
 he 's exciting . '' 
 he makes my world spin . 
 `` i just hope that you have a little more integrity than the rest of the world . 
 i noticed that he never made you sign a nda . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 he actually pulled a sheaf of paper from inside his jacket and handed it to me . 
 `` non-disclosure agreement '' was written at the top in bold letters . 
 i actually laughed . 
 `` really ? '' 
 i held it and looked at mr. pardini , hoping that he had a sense of humor . 
 `` there is a lot at stake here . 
 i ca n't afford for you to write a tell-all book with the first publisher that approaches you . 
 i will pay you to sign this . '' 
 `` no , '' i said , handing it back to him . 
 `` i would n't do that . 
 i 'm not my ex . '' 
 his face reddened as he took the paper back and stared at it . 
 `` you realize that i 'm your boss , right ? 
 i could have you removed from your position-i could blacklist you from any design agency in california . '' 
 my heart squeezed painfully . 
 was he threatening to fire me ? 
 `` mr. pardini , there 's no need for threats . 
 i have n't done anything to you . '' 
 `` by the time you do , it will be too late . '' 
 are all these rich people the same ? 
 `` on my mother 's head , i wo n't say a word to anyone . '' 
 he merely shook his head and checked his watch again . 
 the rest of the car ride was awkward as hell and i could n't wait to get out of the car , even though the thought of showing up at will 's apartment unannounced made me feel ill . 
 i ca n't believe he actually threatened me . 
 i opened the door as soon as the mercedes stopped in front of the apartment , desperate to get away from mr. pardini and out of that suffocating car . 
 it was a pleasant , mild day for november and i did n't feel cold until the wind roared down the marina . 
 bodyguards were busy keeping the paparazzi at bay . 
 as soon as they saw me , they screamed questions and waved their cameras in the air to get a shot . 
 shakily , i climbed the steps and wondered how angry will would be with me . 
 i knocked on the door as mr. pardini walked up the steps . 
 the door cracked open and will stood in front of me , wearing an extremely shocked look . 
 when i saw him , i realized how much i missed him . 
 he wore neatly pressed khakis and a blue button-up shirt . 
 it was startling how much his appearance changed in a few days . 
 the dark circles under his eyes made him look ten years older and his face looked thin , as if he had n't . 
 i dug my nails into my palms as his eyes suddenly narrowed . 
 `` william , do n't be rude . 
 open the door so we can come inside . '' 
 his lip curled . 
 `` you brought her here without asking me ? '' 
 `` i was n't aware that bringing your girlfriend would be a problem . '' 
 `` she 's not my girlfriend . '' 
 a stab of pain punctured my heart as will glared at his father . 
 `` for today , she is . '' 
 i was thrown by the poisonous look he shot me . 
 `` i 'm just here to support you , will . 
 that 's it . 
 i swear . '' 
 mr. pardini lost his patience and he slammed his fist on the door . 
 `` do n't be stubborn . 
 open the door ! '' 
 he barked . 
 `` fine . '' 
 his father barged in as will stepped aside and i followed quickly . 
 he marched for the living room immediately and left will and i alone . 
 it was hard . 
 i really missed him , but he denied all feelings towards me the last time i was here . 
 it made me feel a bit pathetic for coming here . 
 `` so , how much did he pay you ? '' 
 stung , i looked into his eyes , which looked hard . 
 `` i did n't take anything from your dad . 
 you can ask him that yourself . '' 
 jerk . 
 he sighed and the unyielding look vanished from his face . 
 `` why are you here , natalie ? 
 did n't i hurt you enough ? '' 
 `` i 'm here because i care . 
 you 're in this mess because of me . 
 i just want to make it right , so why wo n't you let me ? '' 
 the emotion in my voice affected him . 
 he gritted his teeth and looked down . 
 `` none of this is your fault . 
 it 's all mine . 
 mine . 
 i wanted to do this alone . '' 
 `` why do you have to do it alone ? '' 
 `` because it 's my cross to bear . '' 
 `` i wo n't say anything , will . 
 i 'll just be there with you . 
 i promise . '' 
 a little smile tugged at the corners of his mouth . 
 `` i wish i met you years ago . '' 
 then he turned around and walked to the living room . 
 what does he mean by that ? 
 i jumped as someone pounded the door and i peered through the hole , recognizing the two reporters . 
 `` let us in ! '' 
 `` shit . '' 
 will reappeared in the foyer . 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 `` the reporters your dad hired , '' i said in a quiet voice . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he whirled around to look at him . 
 `` dad , what is she talking about ? '' 
 mr. pardini looked unconcerned with the menace in will 's voice . 
 `` yes , i hired them to clean up this mess . '' 
 `` no , '' he roared . 
 `` i wo n't have them following me around when i do this . 
 this is my problem . '' 
 `` it 's my company ! 
 it 's my name ! '' 
 mr. pardini shouted back . 
 `` do you think you 're the only one affected by all of this ? 
 your mother and i have tried everything to make you happy . 
 i 'm done ! 
 i 've had enough of you . 
 all you 've done for me is make my life difficult . 
 you embarrass me . 
 i am through cleaning up after you . '' 
 mr. pardini 's thin frame shook ; flecks of spit flew from his mouth as he screamed at his son . 
 william 's eyes widened and he took a step back . 
 wow . 
 but he still was n't done . 
 `` you 'll never make ceo of this company ! 
 i let you believe that you had a chance because i wanted you to focus on something in your life , but it did n't work . '' 
 `` wow , dad . '' 
 his eyes narrowed and he placed his hands on his hips . 
 `` thanks a lot for that . 
 that makes me feel great . '' 
 `` will - '' i stopped as they both looked at me , surprised that i was still there . 
 `` it wo n't be as bad as you think . 
 you 'll get to meet them like you wanted , and the public will stop hounding you for retribution . 
 if they see the families forgive you , they might leave you alone . '' 
 `` i do n't care about any of that . 
 this was supposed to be private . '' 
 `` it stopped being private a couple weeks ago , son . '' 
 william looked at me for help , but i just shrugged and grimaced . 
 just do it . 
 `` fine , but you 're staying here , dad . '' 
 he looked at me and nudged his head towards the door . 
 mr. pardini gave me a small nod as will waited for me at the entrance . 
 my heels clicked loudly on the wooden floors and my heart hammered as i stood beside him and heard his fast breaths . 
 he was scared to leave his quiet sanctuary . 
 his hand twitched by his side and i lifted my hand to grab it . 
 it was the first time we touched in days and my blood heated in response . 
 i wanted to tell him how much i missed the feeling of his hands around my waist , his lips pressed against my face . 
 i missed being around him , but all i did was try to squeeze some of those thoughts into his hand . 
 * * * ugly , industrial south san francisco rolled by as the driver took us down the peninsula . 
 i balled my fists over my knees as i watched will 's face growing more and more anxious . 
 he probably prayed for the traffic to get worse so that we would n't get there on time . 
 a stupid , selfish part of me wished that he would change his mind about us . 
 i wanted him to lean forward and kiss me . 
 i wanted him so badly that it was torture to be in the same car as him . 
 i kept watching him , wanting to memorize every part of him so that i would n't forget him when this was over . 
 he fingered a bottle of water in his hands . 
 `` you know , i pictured this moment many times in my head . 
 what i would say , what they would look like ... when i saw myself doing this , i did n't see a bunch of fucking reporters documenting the whole thing . '' 
 he looked at me . 
 `` i hate this . '' 
 `` i know you did n't , but your dad 's right . 
 this is affecting him , too . 
 we have to do something to make it better . '' 
 he made an impatient noise and stared out the window . 
 `` i ca n't believe he dangled that job in front of me to try and fix me . '' 
 at least your parents care about you . 
 `` will , are you going to go back to work ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 he said it in a closed way that made me realize that the conversation was over . 
 disappointed , i fell back into my seat . 
 william 's quiet gloom spread throughout the car like a heavy fog , and i felt his anticipation when the car suddenly stopped in front of a modest home in a quiet suburb . 
 this was the place that held one of the families that will had a part in destroying . 
 `` oh , shit . '' 
 he blanched as the car made a sudden stop . 
 will craned his neck to look inside the windows , where a few dark forms shifted inside . 
 `` they 're here . '' 
 his pupils were like pins . 
 `` i ca n't do this . 
 i do n't know what the hell i was thinking . '' 
 `` you 're just nervous . 
 they 're probably nervous , too . 
 calm down ! '' 
 `` i ca n't calm down ! '' 
 his wild eyes looked up and down the street , as if he meant to sprint towards an escape . 
 i moved across the car and sat next to him , wrapping my arm around his back . 
 `` will , you can do this . '' 
 the door swung open as the driver got out of the car to let us out . 
 at the sight of the reporters standing by with their cameras , he swallowed hard . 
 `` go on , i 'll be right behind you . '' 
 it was so bright outside that i flung my hand in front of my face . 
 remembering that i was supposed to be will 's `` girlfriend , '' i took his hand and tried not to look at the cameras following us across the neatly trimmed lawn . 
 he stopped in front of the door , his face a blank mask . 
 he closed his eyes and grimaced every time he heard the cameras beep . 
 `` i ca n't do this with them there . '' 
 will gave me a pleading look and i sighed and nodded . 
 `` guys , i need you to wait outside , '' he said to the two reporters behind us . 
 `` that 's not what we agreed on . '' 
 `` i know , but i ca n't do this if you 're both inside with me . 
 just stay the fuck outside . '' 
 `` your father paid us to go inside . '' 
 i placed a hand on his arm and stepped forward , blocking him from the reporters . 
 `` this will all go easier if you stay outside . 
 you 'll get the photos of them together , i promise . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 `` yeah , whatever . '' 
 will nodded , looking relieved . 
 `` okay , i 'm ready . '' 
 before he could rap his knuckles on the door , it unlocked and swung inward . 
 i grabbed will 's hand in a vice grip . 
 a tall , heavyset man with graying hair answered the door , unsmiling . 
 `` you must be william . '' 
 he flinched as if the man struck him , but there was no anger in his voice-no accusatory stare . 
 he just sounded tired . 
 `` yes , mr. metsky . '' 
 i never heard him speak in such a quiet voice , and then i realized with a shock that this must be the father of julian metsky , the youngest victim . 
 that 's why he looks so terrified . 
 i could see him forcing himself to look the man in the eyes . 
 `` come in , '' he said in his rolling , deep voice . 
 i followed will , feeling horrible as i walked through the narrow doorway , brushing past mr. metsky . 
 inside was a small , carpeted family room . 
 two couches surrounded a large coffee table where a large portrait of a young girl sat upright , grinning toothily . 
 will shuddered to a stop and stared in horror at the photo until i sidled up against him and pinched his arm , hard enough to snap him out of it . 
 on the couch were several people with varying degrees of hostility . 
 there were julian 's mother , a teenage boy , and several others who i assumed to be part of the ramos family . 
 i froze . 
 what do we do now ? 
 do we shake their hands and introduce ourselves ? 
 will shoved his hands deep into his pockets . 
 `` i 'm will . 
 this is my girlfriend , natalie . '' 
 i gave them a weak smile and flinched as their eyes flicked to me like hot , stabbing knives . 
 what were they thinking ? 
 perhaps they were disgusted with me . 
 `` i 'm sorry that it took so long for us to be in the same room together . '' 
 mr. metsky gestured towards the couch and will and i crammed ourselves beside the others , uncomfortable beyond belief . 
 the tall man sat down on the leather chair directly opposite us . 
 `` you 're having some week , are n't you ? '' 
 having nothing to say to that , william kept silent . 
 he could n't stop staring at the giant portrait of julian , which was in front of him . 
 it seemed like it was placed there deliberately , to remind him of the beautiful little girl he destroyed . 
 `` i wanted to visit for many years , i just could n't pluck up the courage . 
 i - '' `` give me a break , '' the boy suddenly spat out . 
 `` he 's just here because he wants to make himself look better . '' 
 `` jimmy ! '' 
 the father snapped at his son . 
 so he 's julian 's older brother . 
 that would explain the hostility . 
 `` we wanted you to come because we thought that the media was treating you unfairly , '' julian 's mother spoke softly beside him . 
 what ? 
 i shared an incredulous look with will . 
 `` really ? '' 
 the father cleared his throat . 
 `` you were n't the driver . 
 we do n't blame you at all . '' 
 his eyes flicked towards the ramos family , who so far said nothing . 
 from the looks on their faces , they did n't seem to agree . 
 he shook his head , looking miserable . 
 `` i told dan to drive . '' 
 i saw them exchange glances . 
 this was clearly not going how they expected . 
 will was slowly breaking down . 
 he could n't tear his eyes away from the picture ; he could n't quiet the grief stirring in his body . 
 `` i 'm sorry ! '' 
 he burst out . 
 he opened his mouth to speak but all that came out was a strangled sob , then he broke down completely , his back heaving with sobs . 
 julian 's parents looked at me with extremely shocked expressions . 
 julian 's mother , a woman with long blonde hair , reached out and held his hand , and will looked at it as if he could n't believe what he was seeing . 
 neither did i. `` you killed my daughter . '' 
 the dark-haired woman who sat on the other couch looked disgusted . 
 `` and you expect us to feel sorry for you ? '' 
 `` he did n't kill your daughter , '' i said suddenly . 
 `` dan did . '' 
 i burned as the whole room turned around to stare at me . 
 `` so what ? '' 
 she snapped . 
 `` he said himself that he 's just as responsible . 
 you 've no idea how much we 've suffered . 
 your boyfriend and his stupid friend destroyed our lives , and all they got was a slap on the wrist . 
 it 's disgusting . '' 
 will sobs subsided and he took a tissue box on the table and dabbed his eyes . 
 `` every day , i hate myself for what i did . 
 i did n't come here to absolve myself of responsibility . 
 i just wanted to come here and apologize and-and ask you whether i can-if there 's anything you want me to do . '' 
 forgiveness , i urged him silently . 
 `` can you bring up my daughter and her husband from the dead ? '' 
 he swallowed . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` then there 's nothing you can do . '' 
 she turned around to her husband . 
 `` tim , let 's leave . 
 i ca n't stand looking at this guy . '' 
 will looked stricken as they stood up to leave . 
 mr. metsky stood up . 
 `` please do n't leave . 
 you said in the beginning that you only wanted to see if he felt any remorse . '' 
 `` i ca n't take it , '' she said , gathering her coat from the stand . 
 tim shook mr. metsky 's hand and looked at will , whose fist held the crumpled tissue . 
 `` you rich people think you can get away with anything . 
 you 're going to burn in hell . '' 
 the ramos family swept out of the house , slamming the door in their wake . 
 mr. metsky looked at will 's horrified face and i saw his eyes crease with pity . 
 `` listen , will . 
 you have to understand that they 're very , very angry . 
 we were angry , too for a long time , but we realized that the anger was destroying us . '' 
 the tall form of his body blurred as tears blinded my eyes . 
 i reached for will 's hand and squeezed hard . 
 `` julian would n't want us to live the rest of our lives like that . 
 we just wanted to see remorse , that 's all . 
 you know , dan never made an attempt to visit us . 
 never called to apologize or anything . '' 
 tears slid down my face as i looked at him . 
 never ? 
 i could n't believe it . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i did n't know . 
 i do n't talk to him anymore . '' 
 mrs. metsky held her arm around his shoulders and whispered something in his ear , which made him break out into fresh tears . 
 the rest of the visit passed in a whirlwind of tears from everyone , including me , and then they gathered outside to take pictures . 
 i watched them , hoping beyond hope that this would help william heal . 
 * * * `` how was it ? '' 
 mr. pardini 's face was anxious as we reentered the apartment , with the reporter 's promise that the story would be published the next day . 
 i looked at will nervously as he shrugged and headed straight for his bedroom , ignoring his father 's questions . 
 he took the response from the ramos family really hard . 
 even though the metskys forgave him , in the car he twisted with guilt and agonized over the cruel things that had been said to him . 
 it was almost like nothing good happened . 
 `` it went okay , '' i said bracingly . 
 `` the ramos family is still very angry . 
 they made that very clear . '' 
 he gave a look that was nonplussed . 
 `` well , of course they 're angry . '' 
 `` he did n't take it well , '' i said in a whisper . 
 `` he still needs therapy . 
 i 'll go talk to him . '' 
 i headed over to his bedroom and knocked softly before opening the door . 
 will sat on his bed , his beautiful blue shirt lying on the floor in a crumpled heap . 
 his eyes flicked towards me , that same deadened look on his face . 
 i could tell that it was n't enough . 
 will , when are you going to come back to me ? 
 i sat next to him gingerly . 
 `` what are you thinking ? '' 
 he said nothing for several seconds . 
 `` i 'm thinking that i want all of this to disappear . '' 
 i grabbed his arm and squeezed it until he looked at me . 
 `` what the hell does that mean ? '' 
 in reality , i knew perfectly well what he meant . 
 `` will , did n't you hear them ? 
 they forgave you . 
 even they pointed out that you did nothing wrong ! 
 the others are just angry because they have no one else to be angry with ! 
 dan is out of the picture . '' 
 will 's haunted face stared at me through the mirror on his closet door . 
 `` all i can think about is mr. ramos telling me to burn in hell . 
 do you know what i dream about when i go to sleep ? 
 i see missing limbs and blood and i hear her mother screaming and i feel that little girl 's cold hand in mine . '' 
 `` will , for the last time : you need therapy . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` yeah , maybe . '' 
 i sighed , and some of my frustration shook into my voice . 
 i need to go home . 
 i need to be away from all this . 
 will did n't realize how draining today had been for me . 
 i do n't think he cared . 
 a sudden , clenching feeling around my heart made tears squeeze through my eyes . 
 i thought i was willing to stay with him , even through all of his despair , but this was proving to be too much for me . 
 i wo n't be with someone who wants to die . 
 `` natalie ? '' 
 his low voice lifted in surprise . 
 `` i need to go home . '' 
 the bed bounced as he stood up . 
 his hand slammed the door shut as i opened it . 
 i was surprised that he followed me . 
 his bare arm blocked my path , followed by the rest of this body as he leaned against the door and looked at me with a stern expression . 
 i hated myself for the hope gathering in my chest . 
 `` no , you 're not going to leave like this . '' 
 `` i 'm not upset , i just-i 'm tired . '' 
 `` natalie . '' 
 i hated the way he said my name . 
 he reached out and took my face in his hands , stroking my cheeks with his thumbs . 
 i should have slapped them away , but i missed him so damn much . 
 my lip trembled . 
 `` i 've been a dick to you this past week . 
 i 'm really sorry . 
 you 've done so much for me . '' 
 his deep voice rolled over me with all of the words i wished he said days ago . 
 `` you tossed me out of your apartment and said you did n't care anymore . '' 
 the memory of that horrible moment throbbed in my chest . 
 will looked like he was in pain . 
 `` i did n't mean it . '' 
 `` yes , you did . 
 i 'm not going to sit here and listen to you talk about how you do n't want to exist anymore . '' 
 i ripped his hands from my face as tears streamed down my face . 
 will looked stricken . 
 `` i 'm willing to get help . 
 do n't give up on me , natalie . 
 please . '' 
 i shook my head , unable to prevent will 's arms from wrapping around me , holding me against his bare chest . 
 my body went rigid , as if i could prevent it from feeling anything good . 
 god , i miss him . 
 `` thank you for coming with me today . 
 i do n't think i would have been able to do it without you . '' 
 i wish i were more than that . 
 my heart sank as he gently disengaged his arms from around me . 
 `` yeah , '' i said without looking at him . 
 `` no problem . '' 
 grabbing for the doorknob , i wrenched it open and left before he could say another word . 
 chapter 12 i woke up at five and it took me hours to peel my body from the bed . 
 one week passed since i visited the families with will . 
 over the next few days , articles started appearing about the metsky family forgiving will , with pictures of them embracing . 
 the storm was dying . 
 everything was slowly getting back to normal . 
 except that i still felt like crap . 
 my phone was off . 
 will called twice , but i let it go to voicemail along with my parents ' attempts to reach me . 
 every time i thought of them , dread pounded my heart and i felt like i was going to pass out from panic . 
 thanksgiving was this thursday and jessica was nowhere to be seen . 
 i was pretty sure that she was avoiding me , or maybe she was trying to give me space , but all it succeeded in doing was making me feel abandoned . 
 i completed the mock-up of will 's website , but i still had n't showed him . 
 even my new job could n't drag me out of this depression , and the new workplace was amazing . 
 at every meeting there were banquets of free food , cocktail parties every friday starting at three , but every day i passed will 's empty office and felt the void in my chest ache . 
 i heard that he would come back next week and felt worried about it . 
 it was like i absorbed his depression and rage . 
 he might have healed , but i was still broken . 
 i gave too much of myself to him . 
 this happens all the time . 
 i always help other people , and in the end i 'm left with nothing . 
 i 'm empty . 
 in the kitchen , i started a pot of coffee , not caring about the mountain of dishes piled in the sink , or the dirty floors . 
 my stomach rumbled with hunger , but i could n't be bothered to fix myself breakfast . 
 all i could do was sit there alone and listen to the clock . 
 everyone at work had the week off because of the holiday . 
 i could n't bear to listen to another voicemail of my mother threatening to invite ben over if i did n't bring will . 
 i could n't bear to tell her that he was n't coming . 
 a surge of anger leapt in my chest and i decided that i was going to send the mock-up of the website to will . 
 i would n't send a message , just the image . 
 and that would be the last time i did anything for him . 
 i was tired of being used . 
 i charged over to my room and sent it to his email . 
 i smiled with a grim satisfaction as it sent to him . 
 then i just felt small . 
 you 're being petty . 
 the doorbell rang and i walked to the front door , having no clue who it could be . 
 astonished , i opened the door to see jessica . 
 luke stood beside her , looking unusually radiant . 
 jessica , on the other hand , looked miserable . 
 it was strange to see their conflicting emotions . 
 whatever . 
 i walked away from the door , leaving it hanging open . 
 i was being rude , but i did n't really care about manners anymore . 
 i returned to my perch on the kitchen table and watched as luke walked in a beeline straight towards me . 
 `` natalie , we tried calling but it kept going to voicemail . '' 
 `` i turned off my phone , '' i said miserably . 
 `` well , i wanted to thank you for what you 've done for me . '' 
 i raised an eyebrow . 
 `` um-which is ? '' 
 i had no idea what he was talking about . 
 he bounced on his feet and gave me a playful smile . 
 `` oh , come on ! 
 uncle dominic gave me all my shares back . 
 he said it was all down to you . 
 i do n't know how you swung it , but i am really grateful . '' 
 he stooped down on his knees and actually grabbed my shoulders so that he could hug me . 
 i completely forgot about the bargain i tried to make with will 's dad . 
 i stared at jessica over his shoulder , both of us sharing looks of complete shock . 
 `` natalie , what 's happened ? '' 
 unlike luke , she knew immediately that something was wrong with me . 
 i could see her looking at the dirty and the dishes . 
 luke 's arms were still tight around my back and it reminded me of will somehow and then i burst into tears , clinging to his shoulders . 
 `` natalie-what ? '' 
 luke cupped my cheek and i pulled away , sobbing like a baby . 
 `` no , do n't ! '' 
 he let me go and i collapsed into my hands on the dirty table , my neck burning from humiliation . 
 `` natalie , '' jessica muttered , approaching me with a wad of paper towels . 
 `` do n't . 
 let me clear this off the table . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i shouted , almost angrily . 
 `` just leave it ! 
 leave it ! 
 it 's fine the way it is ! '' 
 jessica stopped with the balled up towels in her hand , looking frightened . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` i knew you should n't have left her alone , '' luke said in a sharp voice . 
 they began to argue , but i did n't listen to it . 
 `` will , '' i moaned . 
 `` will ? 
 what about him ? '' 
 jessica asked in a soft voice . 
 `` he broke my fucking heart . '' 
 i almost wanted to laugh at how cheesy that sounded , but it was true . 
 it was absolutely true and i could n't stop crying . 
 i took the wad of paper towels from jessica and smothered my face . 
 luke stood up with balled fists at his sides . 
 `` i 'm going to have a word with him ! '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 both of us shouted in unison . 
 i looked at my best friend and felt a rush of affection for her . 
 `` i do n't want to see him , '' i gasped . 
 `` i just want to forget him . '' 
 jessica 's hand soothed my back . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'm sorry for leaving you here , i just did n't know what to do . '' 
 his hand tightened over his smartphone . 
 he looked like he was dying to call his cousin . 
 i knew that he would the moment he left my apartment and there was nothing i could say to stop it . 
 `` goddamn it . 
 i knew this would happen . 
 i knew it ! '' 
 jessica and i stared at him . 
 luke rarely swore . 
 he must be really upset . 
 `` natalie , i hate to do this but we have a flight to chicago . 
 we 're spending thanksgiving with his uncle . '' 
 my eyes widened . 
 `` did n't you just sue him ? '' 
 i asked luke . 
 he smiled thinly . 
 `` yeah , but he said he wants us to be a family again . 
 i do n't know , maybe we should cancel it . '' 
 `` no , '' i said in a firm voice . 
 `` i 'm happy for you . 
 just g-go . '' 
 i tried not to wonder whether will would be there , too . 
 go . 
 just leave me here to rot like everyone else . 
 jessica leaned over me , in tears , and nearly squeezed my head off . 
 `` i promise i 'll make this up to you when we get back . '' 
 i gave her a watery smile . 
 `` do n't worry about me , '' i said over and over . 
 and then they were gone , and i had nothing to distract me from my gloom . 
 * * * the day before thanksgiving , i finally decided to turn my phone on . 
 i erased every message will sent me . 
 as soon as i recognized his voice , i deleted the message . 
 one from his father made me pause . 
 `` ms. porter , i 'm calling because my wife and i wanted to thank you for everything you 've done to help william and our family . 
 the visit was quite a success and all of us can breathe easier . 
 i do n't know how you convinced will , but he 's finally seeing a therapist . 
 please know that you 'll always be welcome at our home . 
 thank you so much . '' 
 yeah , you 're welcome . 
 whatever . 
 the next few messages were from luke and jessica , wondering if i wanted to go out with them , thanking me for what i had done , and the last dozen or so were a cringe-inducing series of messages from my mother . 
 i ca n't ignore them forever . 
 i stared at the phone , willing myself to call them , but i could n't do it . 
 i did n't want to hear their disappointment on top of everything else . 
 i 'll just show up tomorrow morning . 
 the next morning , i woke up with a happy phone call from jessica in chicago , wishing me a happy thanksgiving . 
 `` how 're things ? '' 
 `` pretty good , actually ! '' 
 she went on about how everyone was behaving well and i fought myself not to ask her whether will was there . 
 `` well , happy thanksgiving . '' 
 `` yeah , you too . '' 
 her voice was a little subdued as we hung up the phone . 
 she felt sorry for me . 
 whatever . 
 i better get going . 
 i delayed leaving for as long as i could , but i knew mom would be furious if i showed up in the afternoon without helping her cook anything . 
 as i drove down the freeway , i tried to practice what i would say to them . 
 maybe i should say that he was n't feeling well . 
 i stamped my foot on the carpeted floor . 
 no ! 
 i need to just rip it off like a band-aid . 
 all thoughts of my parents ' reaction disappeared when i pulled into the long driveway and saw an expensive car already parked there next to my dad 's subaru . 
 i know that car . 
 my heels clicked on the cement , the air catching in my throat as i walked around the sleek audi and opened the gate to enter in the kitchen . 
 a tall , dark-haired man wearing a beautiful suit stood in my kitchen as my parents flocked around him . 
 he came . 
 my mother spotted me standing outside , and i backed away in horror , hoping that i could escape back to my car . 
 she opened the sliding glass door and beamed . 
 `` natalie ! 
 your boyfriend just got here . 
 come inside , already ! '' 
 i never saw my mother look so happy . 
 tremulous , i entered the kitchen and swallowed hard as will turned around , looking immaculate and gorgeous . 
 he gave me a sad smile behind my parents ' backs . 
 `` look at what he brought us ! '' 
 my father gave me a one-armed side hug as my mother gestured excitedly towards the giant bouquet of flowers sitting on our dining room table . 
 i lifted my arm , which held flowers that i bought from safeway . 
 my mother waved them off with a look of disgust . 
 `` oh , natalie , why did you buy those ? 
 they wo n't look good on the table . '' 
 she frowned as she took them from me and searched around the house to find a suitable vase . 
 how the hell did he find out where they lived ? 
 i shot will a seething look . 
 `` you could n't tell me you were coming ? '' 
 `` i tried calling , '' he hissed back . 
 `` many , many times ! '' 
 his face shone with a bright smile as my mother came back into the kitchen . 
 he looked good , as though everything in the past weeks had never happened . 
 `` natalie , why do you look so depressed ? 
 do you hate coming here that much ? '' 
 i blinked . 
 `` no , mom . 
 sorry , i just - '' `` she 's been busy with her new job , that 's all , '' said will . 
 `` new job ? '' 
 my eyes narrowed . 
 thanks . 
 `` yeah , they really liked my designs at pardini worldwide so they hired me . '' 
 `` oh , that 's nice , '' said dad , clearly not listening to a word i said . 
 `` so , will . 
 tell me more about your job . '' 
 they talked as i moved into the kitchen and began to help mom with the cooking . 
 i could n't believe he showed up . 
 i took the boiled potatoes out of the pot and mashed them with more force than was necessary . 
 looking over my shoulder , i snorted in disgust as they hung on every word will said . 
 `` want to take a ride in my car ? '' 
 i watched as dad 's face lit up with transports of delight . 
 `` sure ! 
 if it 's not too much trouble . '' '' 
 ` course not . '' 
 the kitchen door slid open again as they both left and soon i heard the roar of will 's car . 
 the potatoes splattered on my dress as i slammed them with the masher . 
 `` natalie , you 're making a mess ! '' 
 i looked at her thin face and wanted to cry . 
 he had them both eating out of his hand and it had only been thirty minutes . 
 for twenty-six years , all i wanted was their approval . 
 i wanted them to look at me the way they looked at him . 
 the smell of baking turkey and yams made my stomach growl in hunger , but i felt no desire to sit down and eat with my family . 
 i thought of my apartment with longing . 
 why did he come here ? 
 did he feel bad about how he treated me , or did he just feel pity for me ? 
 i grabbed the bottle of port and poured myself a small glass . 
 it was going to be a long day . 
 twenty minutes later , they both returned to the kitchen . 
 my dad talked loudly about how fast the car was , and did will have any other cars and what about his father ? 
 will listed off the cars in his family 's garage and i heard my parents ' gasps when he told them he only had one . 
 `` i do n't like excess . '' 
 `` well , neither do we ! '' 
 my dad boomed . 
 i met will 's gaze and grimaced . 
 i hated them both and their disgusting , almost worshipful attention to my `` boyfriend . '' 
 this is so much worse than ben . 
 most of all , i hated the pride i felt for having him . 
 we 're not together ! 
 this is n't real ! 
 after hours of this , all my desire for the food evaporated and i only wanted to get out of there as soon as possible . 
 in my opinion , it was all will 's fault . 
 he should n't have come here . 
 the pangs of jealousy made it impossible for me to enjoy anything . 
 finally , we sat down at the table as dad carved the turkey . 
 mom beamed as she looked at will , who sat across from me . 
 `` you 're so handsome . 
 is n't he handsome , natalie ? '' 
 `` mom , stop it . '' 
 will grinned , looking picture-perfect over the decorated table . 
 `` so i 've been told . '' 
 `` he 's much better looking than her last boyfriend . '' 
 `` mom ! '' 
 `` natalie , do n't yell ! '' 
 i clenched my fists on the table , my fingernails scouring my palms . 
 even will looked a little uncomfortable . 
 `` i need to go to the bathroom . '' 
 i excused myself to the bathroom , breathing rapidly as i locked myself inside . 
 i shook with rage as i saw the flowers i brought , which my mother found suitable for the bathroom . 
 i wanted to smash them . 
 they were n't even that different from will 's , they were just smaller . 
 the injustice of it raged inside my blood . 
 you 're not going to blow up at the dinner table . 
 i took deep , shuddering breaths to calm myself down . 
 this was what i wanted , after all . 
 i begged will to come here . 
 `` what took you so long ? 
 the food is getting cold ! '' 
 mom scolded . 
 `` sorry , mom , '' i said as i sat down . 
 we began loading our plates with food : turkey , cranberry sauce , gravy , baked yams , string beans , brussels sprouts , and garlic mashed potatoes . 
 as we ate , william kept heaping praise on my mother 's cooking . 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 all they wanted to talk about was william . 
 they listened to him describe his job and gasped at his achievements . 
 `` natalie , are you listening ? 
 will got to where he was all on his own with no help from his parents . 
 i wish you followed the same route . 
 who knows , we might have had another vp in the family ! '' 
 i looked up from my plate and glowered at her . 
 william winced . 
 `` well , listen . 
 i would be lying if i said i had no help from my parents . 
 i was born into wealth and i went to the best schools . 
 i would n't have this job if it were n't for my dad . '' 
 `` now , see here , william . 
 your dad is n't the type to play favoritism . 
 you mean to tell me that if you messed up at your job , he would still let you work there ? '' 
 `` well , no , but - '' `` see ? 
 i 'm right ! '' 
 will 's laugh was a bit strained . 
 he cast a worried glance at me . 
 `` that 's all well and good , but natalie is really one of the best graphic designers i 've seen . 
 she really has an instinct for - '' `` is n't he so nice ? '' 
 mom 's face was brighter than the sun . 
 `` natalie does n't get a lot of compliments about her work . '' 
 `` oh , shut up . '' 
 the sounds of knives and forks clattering against the plates stopped as my parents ' angry faces turned towards me . 
 my hot eyes stared back . 
 will beamed at me . 
 `` natalie ! 
 how dare you ? '' 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 i exploded , shoving the plate away from me . 
 `` both of you make me sick the way you fawn over him . '' 
 i could n't stand hearing them talk about how he was so much better than me , but listening to will try to lift me up was even worse . 
 dad turned to william in a desperate attempt to salvage thanksgiving dinner . 
 `` she does n't mean that . '' 
 he gave him a dry laugh . 
 `` oh , i think she does . '' 
 i stood up and will bolted upright . 
 my parents ' anguished faces stared back at me . 
 there were so many things i wanted to say to them . 
 `` all you do is make me feel bad about myself . 
 i do n't need you anymore . '' 
 dad 's face went beet-red and mom looked like she was on the verge of tears . 
 `` i do n't understand why you 're so hateful , '' mom choked . 
 `` i 'm not the hateful one , mom . 
 you are . 
 goodbye . '' 
 i grabbed my purse and they did n't try to stop me as i slid open the kitchen door . 
 i 'm done . 
 `` good lord , '' will ejaculated when the kitchen door slammed shut . 
 `` i 'm surprised you lasted that long without flipping out . 
 what a disaster . '' 
 `` thanks for coming , '' i said in a sarcastic voice as he jogged next to me . 
 `` it was really great of you . 
 thanks . '' 
 i quickened my pace , eager to get away from him . 
 `` natalie , wait ! 
 we need to talk . '' 
 `` about what ? '' 
 i muttered as i fiddled with my keys to the car . 
 i just wanted to drive home and collapse in bed without anyone bothering me . 
 i did n't want to hear his voice because i was so close to exploding . 
 `` what do you mean , ` about what ' ? 
 dammit , natalie ! '' 
 he seized my shoulders and turned me around so that i could look at his perfect face and suit , his super expensive car behind him . 
 `` you should n't have come , '' i said , lip quivering . 
 `` i 'm sorry ! 
 i tried to call you-natalie ? '' 
 his mouth gaped as i suddenly burst into tears . 
 `` h-how did you do it ? '' 
 i demanded through my sobs . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 `` they love you ! 
 they love you and they hate me ! '' 
 i shoved his chest and will fell back with an extremely wounded look on his face . 
 `` they only saw you for five seconds . 
 i 'm their daughter and they could care less about me . '' 
 i stood there crying and watched him feel bad for something he could n't control . 
 `` they do n't - they do n't hate you . 
 it 's like i said before . 
 you 'll never be able to please them . '' 
 his heart broke for me , but i searched his face and tried to find some reason that this was his fault . 
 they 'll never love me . 
 it has nothing to do with him . 
 `` natalie , it 's their problem if they ca n't see what a wonderful person you are . 
 you 're an extremely talented artist and what 's more , you 've repaired my family . 
 i do n't know how the fuck you did it , but luke 's in chicago with my dad right now , eating dinner . '' 
 he shook his head , emotion thickening his voice . 
 `` that 's great , '' i said hollowly . 
 `` i 'm so glad i could do all of that for you . '' 
 `` jesus , natalie . 
 why are you doing this ? '' 
 tears slipped down his face . 
 `` because while you were off getting better , i was drowning . 
 you just threw me out like i was nothing to you ! '' 
 all the energy left me . 
 it was just-everything was too much . 
 my parents , the whole mess with ben and the horrible day we visited those families . 
 will 's crossed his arms almost as if he wanted to hug himself . 
 `` do you know what it 's like to be so down that you ca n't even see the light outside ? 
 that 's what it was like . 
 i 'm not making excuses for my behavior , but i was really fucked up at the time and i did n't know what i was doing . 
 i 'm a fucking idiot , natalie . 
 i always do this-i sabotage myself . '' 
 i could see him kicking himself for what he did to me . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , natalie . 
 i did n't know how bad it was . 
 when luke told me how-how you were , i hung up the phone and cried . 
 i did n't want this to happen to you . 
 you were n't answering my calls ; i thought that you did n't want to see me again . '' 
 he shrugged miserably . 
 `` ca n't blame you . '' 
 i tossed my head and laughed , although my laughter was punctuated by a small sob . 
 `` why did you come here ? '' 
 will pushed himself off the car , his eyes still shining . 
 i could n't help but feel moved . 
 my breath caught as he took my arms . 
 there was no denying the electric current running through my skin the moment he touched me . 
 `` because i would have hated myself if i did n't try to get you back . 
 because you saved me . '' 
 he took a deep breath . 
 `` and because i love you . '' 
 what ? 
 i tried to remember what the word , `` love , '' meant . 
 it could n't be possible . 
 `` you love me ? '' 
 his dark eyes were like bright gems as he looked at me , a smile spreading across his face . 
 `` yeah , i do . '' 
 `` it 's all i ever wanted from them . '' 
 i looked at him through my tears . 
 `` why do n't they love me ? '' 
 he held my shaking shoulders . 
 `` natalie , i do n't know . 
 no offense , but your parents are jerks . 
 they really are . '' 
 it sounded like an insult and for a moment i was deeply offended , but i looked at his unyielding gaze and another wall inside me collapsed . 
 `` your parents may not love you , but i do . 
 i do n't even think you realize how much you 've done for me-when i saw that website-i just-i 've never met someone with so much capacity to give . 
 i 'll always be there for you , no matter what happens . 
 you 're the best thing in my life and i fucking love you . '' 
 everything in the background melted away . 
 just like that , all of my anger dropped away . 
 he was right about everything-and the epiphany i felt in the kitchen freed me . 
 they did n't love me , but will did . 
 i did n't have to worry about what they wanted , or if they approved of this or that . 
 i did n't have to see them ever again , if i wanted . 
 i was-free . 
 as i watched his lips form those words . 
 i could n't quite believe it and yet my body felt like it was soaring . 
 will did n't look away . 
 that 's why he came here . 
 that 's why he tolerated my parents . 
 he loved me . 
 and i love him , too . 
 i could n't deny that stunning , warm feeling that swelled inside my chest when he smiled at me . 
 `` okay . '' 
 i launched up on my toes and kissed his surprised face . 
 he wrapped his arms around my waist and backed me against the car , stunning me with his lips . 
 suddenly giddy , i blushed as he leaned forward to kiss me again . 
 i did n't think i would ever get used to this . 
 `` let 's go before your parents see us . '' 
 `` okay , '' i laughed . 
 he winked at me as he walked around to open his car door . 
 `` will ! 
 i love you , too . '' 
 a look of wild happiness spread on his face . 
 i do n't think i ever saw him look so ecstatic . 
 he was still smiling when he got into his car . 
 chapter 13 i smiled to myself as i walked barefoot on the sand , my heels dangling from my fingers . 
 the ocean roared beside me under a blazing orange sky . 
 my bare shoulders shivered from the freezing wind that rushed over the icy water and my champagne-colored dress whipped around my legs . 
 next to me , william walked with his shoes in his hands , looking like a gq model in his tuxedo . 
 `` that was a really good best man speech . '' 
 he flashed me a brilliant smile . 
 `` yours was good too . '' 
 i smiled sadly . 
 looking behind me , i could make out jessica in her huge , billowing wedding dress along with luke in his dark suit . 
 i could n't help but wipe my eyes a little bit as i looked at them . 
 `` hey , what 's this ? '' 
 will halted me as he stepped in front of me . 
 `` oh , you know . 
 i 'm just sad that we 're all growing up . '' 
 and moving out . 
 he slid his arm around my waist . 
 `` you 'll be moving in with me in the marina and pacific heights is n't that far , babe . 
 you 're not losing her . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` i know , it 's just-ah ! '' 
 icy water suddenly rushed over our bare feet and i giggled as the wet sand gushed around my toes . 
 will laughed at me as the bottom of my dress was soaked and once again i marveled at how much he changed in a year . 
 he laughed all the time . 
 there was always a smile on his face-and luke warmed up to him considerably . 
 nowadays , they were inseparable . 
 jessica and i joked that they were even closer than we were . 
 he grabbed my hand once again , and i was surprised by how fast my heart beat . 
 every time he smiled at me , touched me , it was as exciting as the first time . 
 `` you know what this reminds me of ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` cinque terre . '' 
 he smiled wistfully at the memory . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 it was where i fell in love with him . 
 it was where i saw the most incredible sights . 
 in truth , monterey had very little in common with cinque terre . 
 whenever i saw the ocean , i thought about that brilliant turquoise and azure blue stretched out under a cliff of bright green vineyards . 
 `` you 'll see it again , '' he said , noticing my look . 
 `` probably sooner than you think . '' 
 i grinned hard . 
 it was my birthday in a few months . 
 `` do n't spoil anything ! '' 
 he held up his hands . 
 `` i 'm not spoiling ! 
 i said , ` probably . ' '' 
 rolling my eyes , i squeezed his hand and planted a kiss on his cheek . 
 `` how 's wpf ? '' 
 wfp was the acronym for the william pardini foundation , which he launched months ago when we finished the website . 
 jessica helped write the content . 
 the launch was one of the proudest moments of my life . 
 `` it 's going awesome and it 's all down to you . '' 
 i looked at him . 
 `` will , come on . '' 
 `` i would have never done it if you had n't pushed me . '' 
 `` i did it because i wanted your body , '' i ribbed . 
 i yelped as he spun me around and held me to his chest . 
 `` well , it worked . '' 
 he leaned over me and paused , his eyes looking more serious than usual . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 my passionate kiss ended any more idle talk and soon his hands were smoothing my shoulders and his eyes gleamed with the need to have me alone in our vacation rental on the beach . 
 his eyes flicked towards it . 
 `` let 's go , '' i whispered in his ear . 
 we ran down the beach , hand in hand . 
