 chapter 1 the bart train screamed as it ground to a halt . 
 a gust of wind blew across the platform and whipped my hair around my face . 
 the metro 's metallic high shriek and the sound of scattered dry leaves sliding down the pavement made my teeth grind together . 
 the doors hissed open and i walked inside the battered , heated car , trying to find a seat away from the door . 
 i had a love and hate relationship with the bart . 
 relying on the aging public transportation system to get around was n't exactly a pleasant experience . 
 the seat cushions were old and stained , and if you did n't have a seat , then people with varying degrees of hygiene crammed against you . 
 i sat down as if the bart seat was a pincushion and recoiled as someone next to me coughed . 
 thousands of people depended on it for transportation into the city , and it was frequently the target of delays and strikes . 
 it cost me over ten dollars to ride into the city , and paying a bridge toll and overpriced city parking was an unaffordable luxury . 
 i was riding the bart to my college campus as a last-ditch effort towards finding a damn job . 
 on friday , i wrote to my old professor in a melancholy , drunk-infused haze and he finally replied last night . 
 the late night sunday response from my english professor surprised me . 
 i did n't think he would get back to me in time , but i scheduled a meeting for nine , which unfortunately was the time most people commuted to the city for work . 
 in a few stops , the bart would be jam-packed with hordes of people , pressed up against each other like sardines in a can . 
 maybe i would walk along embarcadero and visit pier 39 for clam chowder after the meeting . 
 even though it was always packed with tourists , i always loved walking there and breathing in the clean air . 
 on a clear day like this one , the sun would light up the pier like a gem . 
 in the distance , crystal waves would crash on the rocky shores surrounding alcatraz . 
 to northern californians , san francisco was the place that promised a path to success . 
 if you lived there , you had it made in life . 
 when i was in school , i used to dream about the day when i 'd be able to afford an apartment . 
 in a city where rent cost at least three thousand a month for a studio apartment , only a few could afford it without sharing expenses with several roommates . 
 still , the city was the goal . 
 even though it was a short bart trip away , everyone wanted to live there . 
 the train emptied nearly an hour later when the majority of passengers got off at market or powell , but i had to take the train all the way to the end of the line . 
 freezing mist greeted me as i exited the train and made my way through the station to the street . 
 i clutched the resume i spent the morning scrambling to finish in my folder as i climbed into the shuttle bus that would take me to the dreary gray college campus i thought i 'd never see again . 
 after you get a bachelor 's degree , you 're supposed to be qualified for a job . 
 with the economy in the tank as it was , none of my english major friends got jobs . 
 some switched to other careers , while others applied to grad school and retreated into the false security it provided . 
 i felt cheated somehow . 
 a sick feeling riled my stomach as i thought about what i would say to professor lark . 
 i did well in his class and he always encouraged me to follow my dreams , but there was the possibility that nothing would come out of it . 
 he 'll know someone , or something . 
 it 'll be fine . 
 i walked across the campus and opened the door to the english department . 
 as i walked down the hallway , i saw many professors i recognized at their desks , some in meetings with students . 
 it was really strange to be back here . 
 asking for help from my professor felt like a step backwards . 
 why was i doing this ? 
 the sick feeling in my stomach rose sharply . 
 i did n't belong here anymore . 
 i was here because i did n't have a choice . 
 it was this or i was going to send in applications to the local chili 's . 
 i stopped behind professor lark 's door , my heart beating rather fast . 
 pull yourself together ! 
 i heaved a great sigh and nodded to myself . 
 then i raised my fist and knocked three sharp raps . 
 `` c'min . '' 
 professor lark wheeled around in his chair and smiled as i entered the door . 
 `` jessica , how are you ? '' 
 `` good , '' i lied as i hitched up a grin on my face . 
 my hand tightened over my resume . 
 `` how are your classes ? '' 
 i asked as i sat down across from his desk . 
 he was young for a college professor , with thick brown hair and an attractive face . 
 professor lark was known for being easygoing and fair , and as a result he was one of the most popular professors . 
 everyone liked him . 
 i envied that . 
 i had never been charismatic-my upbringing was painful . 
 i could never treat strangers with such open kindness . 
 i was quiet in class , but i wrote well . 
 he waved his hand and an irritated look crossed his face . 
 `` the furloughs have been really frustrating , as you probably know . 
 but otherwise , it 's been fine . 
 how goes your internship ? '' 
 my face fell as the burn of failure heated my chest . 
 `` well , i was there for a year and they told me they did n't have a paid position available . 
 so i was forced to quit . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` i 'm sorry to hear that . 
 at least it will look good on your resume . '' 
 a sting of anger punctured my self-pity . 
 did n't anyone understand that i could n't live on unpaid internships , no matter how good they looked on my resume ? 
 `` that 's sort of why i 'm here . '' 
 i swallowed . 
 `` i 've been applying to editing jobs , even technical writing , and i 'm having a really hard time . 
 it 's been a year since i left my internship and i have n't found anything . '' 
 the panic i 'd been feeling crept into my voice . 
 professor lark looked sympathetic , but i did n't see anything in his face that gave me hope . 
 `` perhaps you should get a job while you continue searching . 
 i 'm sorry , jessica . 
 but i do n't think i 'll be much help . 
 have you tried looking in the career center ? '' 
 `` do you have any contacts in the industry ? 
 anyone you could send my resume to ? 
 i already tried the career center . '' 
 he took the resume from my hands , avoiding my eyes as he scanned it . 
 `` i 've been out of touch with the industry for a few years , jessica . 
 i 'm really sorry that you came all this way for this . 
 the only thing i can suggest - '' my heart swelled with hope . '' 
 - is to keep trying . 
 get a paying job anywhere , it does n't matter . 
 on the side , get another internship or a volunteering gig at a publisher . 
 just keep at it . 
 you have to gain more experience . '' 
 i felt hollow . 
 my head nodded as if i was hearing life-saving advice i had n't heard before . 
 i could n't count how many times i 've heard , `` do n't give up '' or `` keep trying . '' 
 one of these days , someone will see how dedicated you are . 
 or , you know , they wo n't . 
 it was all bullshit , all of the optimistic hopes of people who had their lives together and really did n't understand what i was going through . 
 i stood up abruptly , fighting to keep my face from crumbling . 
 from the look on his face , i was probably failing . 
 `` thanks , professor , '' i said in a horribly cheery voice . 
 `` yeah , that makes sense . '' 
 my words echoed hollowly in the small office . 
 i looked around at the dank office , taking in the battered books and how tired he looked , as if his job had prematurely aged him . 
 why had i come here ? 
 he had never even been published . 
 he was just as much as a failure as i was . 
 `` jessica , wait ! '' 
 `` bye professor ! '' 
 i pretended not to hear him as i dashed out of the office . 
 pressure was building up behind my eyes and i felt myself gasping for breath . 
 i thought suddenly of the golden gate bridge and saw my body leaping off the red bars to be swallowed by the icy waters . 
 everything will be fine . 
 i would go to the library and research . 
 i 'll spend the whole day there if i have to . 
 clearly , i could n't count on anyone for help . 
 i was on my own , just like i always had been . 
 once i entered the library , i felt a bit calmer . 
 the library was my sanctuary . 
 when i was young , i spent whole days away from home at the library . 
 it was easy to crack a book open and dive into the story for hours , and escape . 
 when the library closed at five , only then would i return home . 
 i could still remember how sick i felt when my feet brought me closer and closer to my home . 
 i slid into a chair and logged onto the computer . 
 someone had left a time magazine on the desk and i pushed it aside . 
 the computer monitor burned my eyes as i scoured every website i knew for editing jobs and found a few that i had overlooked before . 
 i spent hours typing up cover letters and sent half a dozen emails . 
 i also sent my resume to other non-editing jobs . 
 professor lark was right ; i could n't afford to keep waiting for my dream job . 
 i grabbed the mug of coffee i brought with me , which was now stone cold , and knocked over the magazine so that the cover landed face-up . 
 an article caught my eye . 
 how i became a millionaire 's sugarbaby intrigued , i flipped the pages to the article and read one of the enlarged quotes : `` i make about $ 5000 a month , which doubles when i travel with him . '' 
 holy shit . 
 my eyes scanned the article quickly , as if i was the first one to learn this secret . 
 the article was about sugarbaby websites , where the world 's richest men would ` hire ' young women to go on dates with them at the most exclusive restaurants , or as companions when they traveled for business . 
 the woman in the article claimed that she had never had sex with her clients . 
 women who became sugarbabies were usually college-age . 
 they needed to pay for their college tuition , or their credit card debt , or whatever . 
 this ca n't be real . 
 i immediately clicked to one of the websites they mentioned , . 
 i gaped as i scrolled through the list of `` gentlemen '' and saw their profile pictures , their net worth , and their location . 
 apparently , the website did background checks on their millionaires ' tax records to make sure that their income was legitimate . 
 my mouth watered as i thought of what i could do with five thousand dollars a month . 
 this could n't be real . 
 it was too easy . 
 they probably all have sex with the millionaires , making them little more than prostitutes . 
 i imagined myself on the arm of a sixty-year-old man and my guts twisted . 
 but really , who cared how old he was ? 
 i could go on a couple dates with him . 
 it 's not like i was signing a contract to go home with him . 
 this is a really stupid idea . 
 but i could choose whom i went out with . 
 he did n't have to be sixty years old . 
 i took the time magazine with me , stuffing it into my bag . 
 it was n't the first time i had ever stolen something , but i still felt a little guilty . 
 like a zombie , i walked back to the shuttle and returned to the bart . 
 i was so out of it that i almost got off the wrong stop . 
 a battle raged inside me as i took the bart home , wondering whether i should tell natalie or not . 
 i knew that she would not approve . 
 jessica , do n't be stupid . 
 this is just an escort site disguised as something else . 
 a part of me was scared that i was considering doing something so desperate . 
 but my situation was truly desperate . 
 i needed a job . 
 i had no desire to return to retail . 
 this seemed like such an easy thing . 
 a couple dates a month for a fat paycheck . 
 i could at least try it . 
 if i was uncomfortable with the experience , i could just delete my profile and never do it again . 
 you 've lost your damn mind . 
 i ignored natalie 's voice as i unlocked the door to my apartment and walked inside . 
 it was a grimy , two-bedroom apartment in the east bay that i could barely afford . 
 though natalie 's parents were well off , they had the opinion that once you turned eighteen , you were on your own . 
 as a result , our apartment looked like shit . 
 a moth-eaten sofa that might have once been beige laid in the living room , and a chipped , circular wooden table surrounded by fold-up chairs sat in the linoleum kitchen . 
 that was it . 
 we did n't even have a coffee table . 
 natalie , my best friend and roommate , was in the kitchen , eating leftovers . 
 i could n't believe how late it was . 
 it was almost suppertime . 
 how many hours had i spent in that library researching ? 
 `` hey , '' she said from the table . 
 `` how 'd it go ? '' 
 so well that i 'm considering prostituting myself . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` he ca n't help me . 
 i 'll have to figure something out . '' 
 her face fell and she shook her head . 
 i was dying to tell her about what i had read in the magazine . 
 the secret was burning a hole in my bag where i had stashed the magazine . 
 instead , i crossed the room and sat on the couch . 
 i did n't feel very hungry . 
 sometimes , i felt so tired that i did n't have the energy to contemplate hunger . 
 besides , the article had filled me with something so much more substantial than food-hope . 
 i turned the tv on and left it on the entertainment tonight channel , not really caring about what i was watching . 
 natalie sat down next to me with a bottle of beer . 
 `` i applied to a bunch of jobs and stuff while i was at the library . '' 
 she said nothing for a while . 
 `` that 's good . '' 
 there was a montage of an extremely handsome , well-dressed man on the screen . 
 `` god , look at this guy . '' 
 i snapped my attention to the program . 
 `` billionaire playboy luke pardini was spotted partying in san francisco last night . '' 
 the screen flashed a series of images of a young , twenty-something man stumbling out of nightclub with tall , gorgeous women hanging on each arm . 
 `` the troubled billionaire left ruby skye with two employees at 3am and was seen entering a pardini hotel in union square . 
 luke 's father , giacomo pardini , is the owner of the multi-billion dollar hotel industry . 
 last year , he was diagnosed with terminal lung cancer . 
 the business magnate has had a reportedly strained relationship with his son , who is expected to take over pardini worldwide . '' 
 `` he 's like bruce wayne . '' 
 natalie sniggered as she took a swig of her bottle . 
 yes , he was just like him : rich , famous , handsome , and a playboy . 
 the difference was that bruce wayne had an important job-defending gotham from evil villains . 
 luke had grown up with money and would always be rich , even if he never shouldered any real responsibility . 
 my mind fell into a fantasy as i imagined what it would be like to be filthy rich , to not have a care in the world . 
 dining at the most fabulous restaurants in the world , staying at five star hotels and paying ridiculous amounts of money for bottles of vodka at the vip section in clubs . 
 how could anything be savored when it was so easy to get ? 
 i was reminded irresistibly of the whole sugarbaby thing , and i wondered if luke was on one of those websites . 
 no way . 
 he was way too gorgeous . 
 still , it was fun to fantasize about it . 
 i looked at natalie 's face and wondered if she 'd be receptive towards my idea , but she looked back at me with a rather serious look and i lost my nerve . 
 `` hey , listen . 
 i do n't want to rush you , but i really need money for rent this month . '' 
 my chest tightened . 
 `` yeah , i know . 
 i 'm working on it , i promise . '' 
 i could feel her quiet disappointment and i stood up from the couch to head straight for my room . 
 natalie was the only family i had and i hated myself for putting her in this difficult position . 
 i sat myself in front of my computer and stared at the screen . 
 my mouse hovered over the registration button to make my sugarbaby profile . 
 i felt very nervous about it . 
 i had never done anything remotely resembling online dating . 
 i had never had time for dating , and admittedly , i was terrified of men . 
 this is stupid . 
 i should at least wait to see if anyone contacts me . 
 but there were only two weeks left in the month , and natalie needed her rent money . 
 i looked around my room as my fingernails dug into my palms and tried to find something that i could sell . 
 my closet consisted of clothes from the salvation army and some gifted to me from natalie 's family . 
 there was my old super nintendo system sitting in the corner , but that would net me at the most a couple hundred dollars . 
 the only real asset was my computer , and i could n't give that up . 
 everything else was been passed down . 
 natalie usually gave me clothes that she would no longer wear . 
 it was lucky that we had the same body type . 
 everything that i owned was frayed and unwanted . 
 natalie bought every stick of furniture in this place . 
 the one exception my dresser , which i bought in a craigslist ad . 
 my eyes stung . 
 i 'm so fucking poor . 
 the helpless feeling suffocated my chest-i could n't deal with it , i could n't handle this . 
 natalie would marry ben and i would be alone , with no one to care about me . 
 just wait a few days . 
 i clenched my fists as a tear rolled down my face and splashed on the dirty carpet . 
 i bit my knuckles to keep myself from sobbing out loud . 
 i did n't want natalie to hear . 
 a voice screamed inside me , repeating the same question over and over-what am i going to do ?! 
 i waited in the dark , hoping that a brilliant idea from the back corner of my mind would suddenly scream out something i had never considered . 
 but all i could come up was-i do n't know . 
 my head was pounding from the stress . 
 i crammed two aspirin down my throat and ripped off my clothes to change into my pajamas . 
 i could deal with my crisis in the morning . 
 chapter 2 my car 's gas tank was dangerously low when i parked it behind the soup kitchen i volunteered at every tuesday . 
 what started off as an annoying thing to beef up my resume eventually became an activity i looked forward to each week . 
 i had so much in common with a lot of the homeless people that i did n't feel like i was such a failure when i was there . 
 a lot of the regulars volunteered information about their past when they realized i was n't some kid doing this for college credit . 
 they told me about how their families kicked them out , or how they grew up terrorized by foster families , and ran away only to be drawn into a seedy street life . 
 their stories made me realize how lucky i was to have someone like natalie in my life . 
 without her , i could 've ended up in a group home somewhere . 
 clenching printed recipes in my hand , i used my key to enter through the back and wove through the stainless steel kitchen . 
 the back was a maze of ovens , huge , walk-in refrigerators , and stoves . 
 near the front was a long counter that opened to the cafeteria , which had three bland , yellow walls with fraying posters affixed to them . 
 cheap , fold up white tables and chairs filled the floor . 
 after months of work , they finally let me cook my own recipes . 
 sometimes it was hard to think of ways how to turn canned green beans into something edible , but i think i did a pretty good job . 
 most of the homeless here never had a real , home-cooked meal . 
 i waved to one of the volunteer cooks . 
 shelly was a forty-year-old single mother of two who had gone through hard times . 
 her son was diagnosed with cystic fibrosis , and sometimes i 'd hear her arguing with her crappy hmo insurance company on the phone . 
 `` how 's the job hunt going ? '' 
 my insides rotted at the mention of my least favorite conversation subject . 
 `` badly , '' i admitted . 
 she gave me a sympathetic look and patted my arm . 
 `` you 'll get something soon . '' 
 i slid the recipes over to her . 
 `` i figured we should make some stew today since it 's getting cold , and use whatever rice we have . 
 we still have a bunch of carrots , right ? '' 
 she looked at it . 
 `` yeah , this will be great . 
 let me run it through carol . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 carol was in charge of the kitchen and did n't like how much i spent on groceries . 
 a soup kitchen could n't exactly afford the best cuts of meat , and it was n't a surprise when shelly returned with an apologetic smile . 
 `` she said to use the leftover ground beef in the freezer , not the chuck . '' 
 i slammed my fist on the stainless steel counter . 
 `` what the hell is she talking about ? 
 you do n't put ground beef in a stew ! '' 
 it was annoying how little control i had at this place . 
 carol always found something to criticize about my recipes . 
 `` kale is too expensive . 
 use collard greens instead . '' 
 or `` just use the brown rice . 
 do we really need two kinds of rice ? '' 
 she raised her eyebrows . 
 `` relax , jessica . 
 this place runs on donations . '' 
 `` i know , but the chuck needs to be used for something . 
 why not this ? '' 
 leaving shelly and the others to make the stew , i switched my focus to making bread pudding out of all the stale bread we had . 
 the local bakeries donated their stale products after i asked them . 
 what was useless for them was great for the soup kitchen , and we made breadcrumbs , bread pudding , stuffing , meatloaf , and french toast out of the discards . 
 anything leftover filled the bird feeders next to the garden . 
 after i gathered the loaves from the pantry , i sliced them with a big , serrated knife . 
 i put so much time into this place because it allowed me to channel my passion for cooking , and it felt good to help the needy . 
 a warm glow of pride washed over me whenever they complimented my food , and i rarely had the opportunity to feel good about myself . 
 still , the soup kitchen was n't a permanent thing . 
 one day , i 'll have a life . 
 and a real job as an editor . 
 i could write about anything : fashion , sports , video games , whatever . 
 i knew i would n't stop until i had my foot in the door somewhere . 
 i shoved the huge loaf pan into the oven and walked back to oversee lunch preparations . 
 the overpowering grease smell wrinkled my nose . 
 `` make sure you do n't pour that down the drain , '' i said , pointing to the bowl of piping hot grease . 
 as i looked inside the pot , fire roared up my throat . 
 the beautiful stew i envisioned was now an unappetizing slop . 
 fuck . 
 after the mashed potatoes were prepped , the doors opened to the awaiting crowd . 
 a neat row of people filed in line as we placed the steaming trays of food under the window . 
 one of my favorite regulars was in line , and i hoped he 'd like the meal . 
 the smell of comfort food filled the kitchen . 
 we also made a tray of baked squash , pumpkin , and yams . 
 i loved fall , even though it was always the beginning of a lonely time of the year for me . 
 there was never a place for me to go on thanksgiving or christmas . 
 i used to go with natalie , but when she and ben got serious , i declined her invitations to spend the holidays with her family . 
 it felt weird tagging along and i wanted to give them some space . 
 natalie always begged me to join them , but i lied and told her i would be fine and already had plans here . 
 with a pang in my chest , i remembered the first time i spent christmas alone . 
 i sat on my couch the whole day , watched a channel that played a christmas story nonstop , and bawled like a baby . 
 after that , i went to the soup kitchen on holidays . 
 i more or less came to terms with not having any family , but the fact that no one except natalie would notice if i died brought on the bout of depression . 
 it was pathetic that i did n't have any other friends that i could spend the holidays with . 
 absolutely pathetic . 
 the serving spoon shook in my hands . 
 i ca n't spend the rest of my life like this . 
 the sting of tears threatened . 
 in a few years i 'll be thirty . 
 the soup kitchen faded away as depression wrapped its coils around my chest like a python , squeezing me of air . 
 i gave up years ago on a happy , picture-perfect life , but it was hard to bear this soul-crushing despair . 
 where had it gone so wrong ? 
 when i was young , my long blonde hair was the target of compliments from many boys expressing an innocent crush at school , but i did n't know how to handle them . 
 i could n't deal with the abuse at home - and i still have n't . 
 i took my scissors into the bathroom after school and cut off my long strands just under my ears , leaving me with a horrible jagged haircut my foster parents surprisingly did n't care to comment on . 
 the kids at school whispered behind their hands and laughed at me . 
 pretty soon after that , the boys left me alone . 
 `` hey honey , what did you make me today ? '' 
 the raspy , deep voice snapped me out of my gloom . 
 i smiled as i recognized frank 's voice . 
 he was a thin black man who always wore a winter coat and cap no matter the temperature . 
 `` well , i wanted to make you guys a nice stew , '' i said as i took his tray and gave him extra helpings . 
 `` carol being a bitch again ? '' 
 i laughed and slipped him an extra bread roll . 
 `` hide it . '' 
 the bread roll disappeared inside his coat . 
 he gave me a quick wink before he moved down the line and continued his banter with the other cooks . 
 a tiny voice whispered out to me . 
 `` it smells so good . '' 
 i never saw her before , and she did n't want to look at me . 
 a lot of them were like that at first ; probably ashamed they had to come here . 
 the hispanic woman stared at me as i handed her a heaping bowl of stew . 
 her eyes were red and i realized with a shock that she was crying . 
 `` bless you . 
 you have a kind soul . '' 
 she seemed unable to say any more . 
 before i could respond , she moved down the line with her scarf pressed against her eyes . 
 i smiled to myself . 
 the little things . 
 * * * my mood was soaring when i left the kitchen and walked across the parking lot . 
 everyone loved what i made , even though i was unable to make it exactly how i originally planned . 
 next time , i vowed to choose a recipe carol would definitely approve . 
 the horrible sight of a cracked windshield stopped me cold . 
 a brick sat on the pavement next to the front wheels . 
 i walked around the side of my car to find the driver 's window completely shattered . 
 glittering glass shards covered the ground like powder . 
 no , no , no , no , no ! 
 my hands shook as i unlocked the car door and swept the broken glass from the seat . 
 the glove compartment hung open . 
 my gps was gone . 
 why ? 
 why would someone do this ? 
 and why smash in my windshield ? 
 replacing the glass would cost a couple hundred dollars that i did n't have . 
 i collapsed beside my car and screwed up my face , but the tears would n't come . 
 it must 've been one of the homeless . 
 i wanted to blow up the damn place . 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 simmering with rage , i opened up my phone to search for the nearest auto shop and found one a few miles from the kitchen . 
 i could n't believe my luck . 
 out of all the cars , the asshole chose mine and stole my gps , which i relied on . 
 jesus christ , it was only one year old . 
 natalie gave it to me for christmas after i constantly complained about printing out directions all the time . 
 one of the most thoughtful gifts she gave me , and now it was gone . 
 i pounded the steering wheel in anger as i drove down the street , looking around the cracked glass to see where i was going . 
 a large , peeling sign by the road read , `` randy 's auto glass . '' 
 i pulled into the parking lot and parked my car , hoping to god that i could get this fixed right away . 
 a man in overalls with his arms covered in grease peeked out of the garage . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 `` yeah , someone broke into my car . '' 
 i gestured towards it with my thumb . 
 `` ah , '' he said as he saw the smashed glass . 
 `` should n't take more than a couple hours . '' 
 great . 
 he led me inside the shop where there were a couple lawn chairs and a tv playing seinfeld reruns . 
 i threw myself into one of them as i handed him the keys , then texted natalie my car got broken into and i 'd be home late . 
 how was i going to pay for this ? 
 my leg jigged restlessly over my knee as i tried to push my pathetic financial state from my mind . 
 maybe a couple hundred dollars would miraculously appear in my bank account . 
 an hour and a half later , randy slapped the keys onto his desk and beckoned me . 
 he printed out the invoice as i listened to him drone on about how everything was repaired . 
 `` total comes to ... three hundred and sixty-seven dollars and fifty cents . '' 
 my hands shook as i took it from him , pressing my lips together in a thin line to keep myself from screaming . 
 i handed my credit card over to him numbly , trying not to think of how the hell i was going to come up with that money . 
 i squeezed my eyes shut as i heard him swipe the card . 
 `` uh , ma'am ? '' 
 i opened my eyes to find randy looking distinctly awkward . 
 my heart sank as i saw the angry capital letters glow from the credit card reader . 
 declined heat rushed into my face as if i 'd been slapped . 
 without looking at him , i mumbled something about contacting my bank and dialed the numbers , pressing the phone to my burning face . 
 `` hello and thank you for contacting fargo west , my name is melissa , how may i assist you ? '' 
 i gave her my account information and waited with crossed fingers , praying to every god i knew that she would raise the credit limit . 
 the unsympathetic voice on the other end told me what i already knew . 
 `` according to my records , you were granted two extensions already last month . 
 i can not give you a third , especially when your account has been delinquent . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 i never felt so ashamed in my life . 
 there were several customers waiting behind me and they could hear every words of my conversation . 
 my eyes were raw with unshed tears as i hung up the phone and turned to face randy , who had a look of mingled annoyance and pity . 
 `` i ca n't pay it , '' i said in the smallest voice . 
 his hand closed over my car keys . 
 `` then you ca n't take your car . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 anger rippled through me until i looked at his tired face . 
 he was just trying to run a business . 
 this was my fault ; i ruined my credit and was unwilling to take a shitty job to make ends meet . 
 i felt like a beaten dog when i asked him to detach my apartment keys . 
 i walked out of there and began the three-mile walk back to the soup kitchen . 
 maybe i could ask someone there for a ride home . 
 my phone buzzed with a text message from natalie : are you ok ? 
 in the midst of tapping out a reply , i stopped . 
 the last thing i wanted to do was burden her with another one of my many problems . 
 she 'd drop everything , rush over to pick me up , and pay for my car . 
 it was n't fair to her . 
 i was n't going to be dependent on her anymore . 
 the first thing i would do when i got home was fill out one of those sugarbaby profiles . 
 i needed a lot of cash and i needed it now . 
 when i got some , i would pay the mechanic , then natalie , and then make a credit card payment . 
 by the time i reached the kitchen , the load on my mind lessened somewhat . 
 sure , everything was in shambles but at least i knew how to fix it . 
 my mind was strangely clear . 
 i knew what i had to do and i was determined to get it . 
 my life depended on it . 
 i found shelly walking towards her car in the parking lot , and i jogged up to her . 
 `` jessica ! 
 i thought you 'd left ! '' 
 `` hey ! 
 thank god you 're still here . 
 i could really use a lift , if you do n't mind . '' 
 `` what happened ? 
 did your car get stolen ? '' 
 `` no , nothing like that . '' 
 i hesitated as i looked at shelly 's round anxious face . 
 i did n't want to tell her the truth . 
 `` my car broke down , and the stupid auto shop does n't have a courtesy shuttle . '' 
 she waved me in . 
 `` yeah , of course ! '' 
 `` thanks so much . '' 
 i made small talk with shelly as she drove me home . 
 she told me how much everyone had loved the meal today . 
 i nodded and forced a smile on my face . 
 suspecting one of the homeless smashed in my windshield dampened my feelings towards them . 
 `` see you next week ! '' 
 i waved as she drove off , and my hands trembled with the keys as i entered my apartment . 
 natalie would be waiting and would want an explanation . 
 the sound of the shower running made me sigh in relief . 
 at least i could avoid her for a few more minutes . 
 i ducked into my room quickly and closed the door . 
 my stomach growled with hunger , but i ignored it . 
 this was so much more important . 
 the monitor lit up , and the sugarbaby website filled up the screen as though it waited for me . 
 after i completed the registration , i paused over the username and weighed using a fake name . 
 i decided to use my first name . 
 hell , there were so many jessicas out there , what did it matter ? 
 i entered my height and body type . 
 then i realized i would need a profile picture , and it needed to be good . 
 i grabbed a black cocktail dress from natalie 's closet and peeked into the hallway . 
 the bathroom door was open . 
 i rushed inside , closed the door , and looked into the foggy mirror . 
 i was a mess . 
 my blonde hair looked like a bird 's nest . 
 i attacked it with my brush , bemoaning the split ends that i found . 
 i was n't ready for this , and could n't remember the last time i dressed up . 
 i lined my makeup on the sink like toy soldiers . 
 these billionaires probably only cared about having a hot chick dangling on their arm . 
 did i think i was hot ? 
 not really . 
 but with the right makeup , anyone can be . 
 all the tangles teased out of my hair made a noticeable improvement , but it still looked dry . 
 i squirted some of that hair moisturizer in my hands , then tousled my hair to make it shine . 
 i debated whether i should straighten my hair , and decided not to . 
 i did n't want to look too polished , and yet i wanted to stand out from all the blonde barbie dolls listed on the website . 
 i did my mascara and eyeliner in black . 
 my cheeks were flushed with cold and the last thing was lipstick . 
 i chose a red lip gloss and smacked my lips . 
 a pretty , slight blonde woman looked back at me with a bit of fear . 
 the girl in the mirror did n't look like me . 
 i touched my face and felt something like surprise stirring my heart . 
 i walked out of the bathroom smiling , and bumped into natalie . 
 `` there you are ! 
 i was getting worried . '' 
 she paused in the midst of talking and looked at me . 
 `` wow , are you going out on a date or something ? '' 
 she knew i did n't really date . 
 if i was a sensitive person , i would have felt a bit offended by the shock on her face . 
 `` no , i 'm not going on a date . 
 can you take a picture of me ? '' 
 `` sure , '' she smirked . 
 `` are you doing an online dating thing ? '' 
 i faltered as she dashed inside her room to get her camera , and wondered why she was so excited . 
 `` uh-sorta . '' 
 `` well , i think that 's great , '' she gushed . 
 `` it 's about time you started dating . '' 
 my insides squirmed at not revealing the whole truth . 
 i would tell her soon enough , but i did n't think she would approve . 
 `` it needs to be really flattering . '' 
 `` well , duh . '' 
 she dragged me around the house . 
 `` here , lean against the wall and hold one of your arms . 
 look down . '' 
 `` should n't i look at the camera ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 she said vehemently . 
 `` models never smile for the camera . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 natalie had taken a photography class in college , and apparently that made her an expert . 
 `` i just think that if i do n't smile it 'll make me look unfriendly . '' 
 `` stop talking . '' 
 i laughed and was blinded by the flash of her camera . 
 she took dozens of photos , some of me sitting down on the couch , standing , drinking wine , and holding books . 
 `` what 's the point of this ? '' 
 i whined as i held several volumes . 
 she kept shaking her head at me as she took pictures . 
 am i doing something wrong ? 
 `` you 're so pretty . 
 i always thought that you should model . '' 
 i choked out a laugh . 
 `` me ? 
 model ? 
 i do n't think so . 
 for one thing , i 'm too short . '' 
 she said nothing , but her face looked a bit wistful as she snapped more photos . 
 `` okay , i think that 's enough . '' 
 `` could you send them to me ? 
 i 'm going to take this dress off . '' 
 i walked back to my bedroom , stripped off the dress , and pulled my jeans and t-shirt back on before returning to my unfinished profile . 
 how much do i want ? 
 it was tempting to put $ 20,000 , but i knew that was too crazy , so i clicked on the $ 5,000 - $ 10,000 per month tab and described myself as an aspiring editor with a bachelor 's degree in english . 
 i drew a blank at what else to write that would make me sound appealing . 
 aquarius ? 
 adept at juggling ? 
 can make a mean french toast from stale bread ? 
 `` i sent them ! '' 
 natalie 's voice roared through the door . 
 her pounding footsteps grew louder , and i half-lifted from the chair . 
 crap . 
 she flung open the door . 
 `` so , what is this dating site ? 
 and why is n't your car outside ? '' 
 double crap . 
 i bit my lip hard . 
 `` i ran into some trouble . 
 someone broke into my car and i ca n't use my credit card , so i had to leave it there . '' 
 her face fell . 
 she squeezed my shoulder . 
 `` ah , jess . 
 why did n't you call me ? 
 i could 've taken care of it . '' 
 my heart pounded against my chest as if she was yelling at me . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm not going to do that to you anymore . '' 
 i turned back to the screen and pinched my nose . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 she leaned over my chair . 
 `` oh my god , is this an escort site ? 
 jessica ! '' 
 the way she said my name made me feel like something under her shoe . 
 `` no , it 's not . 
 it 's a dating website f-for rich men . '' 
 she stared at me as if she 'd never seen me before . 
 natalie 's thin arms crossed her chest as she glowered at me . 
 `` it says here that you want $ 5000 to $ 10,000 dollars a month . 
 i mean , really , jessica . 
 what do you think they 're going to want in exchange ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said even louder . 
 `` that 's not how it works . 
 you go on dates with them and they pay you . 
 it 's an eye-candy thing . '' 
 her eyes shined with pity . 
 i hated that . 
 `` look , i get it . 
 you 're desperate for money . 
 but you do n't have to do this ! 
 i 'll pay for your car , you do n't even have to pay me back-i do n't care . 
 but do n't become a prostitute , for christ 's sake ! '' 
 my cheeks burned . 
 `` i 'm not becoming a prostitute . 
 i told you-i wo n't do it . 
 i just want to try this . '' 
 `` why could n't you try something normal ? '' 
 she bellowed . 
 `` i mean out of all the jobs out there , you chose this ? 
 are you crazy ? '' 
 the horrible sound of her screaming rang in my ears . 
 everything she was dying to tell me blasted out of her mouth . 
 she was frustrated with me-and had been for a while . 
 `` i 'm sorry , nat , i really am , '' i said in a tight voice . 
 `` but i am desperate-and i need this . 
 i do n't have a family who will take care of me . 
 i do n't have anyone but you . 
 and i wo n't keep doing this to you anymore . 
 this is my fault . '' 
 she threw back her head and laughed . 
 `` i do n't understand you , jess . 
 you had a whole year to find something , anything . 
 you turned up your nose at every retail job because you thought you were above it . 
 and then you decide to become a whore . '' 
 she might have as well stabbed me . 
 her hands flew up to her mouth and tears welled in her eyes . 
 i could see that she had n't meant it , but she had hurt me more than she could have ever possibly known . 
 `` you had a whole year to find something . '' 
 the raw honesty in her voice was a bit too real for me . 
 `` you turned up your nose at every retail job . '' 
 it was true . 
 the anger radiating from my body turned inward . 
 i did n't want to hear it . 
 `` just leave me alone . '' 
 she tried to reach for me , but i turned towards the screen . 
 a final furious sob and my bedroom door slammed shut . 
 i clenched my fist on the desk and breathed deeply , listening to the sound of my heart hammering against my chest . 
 i could n't remember the last time i fought with natalie . 
 there was work to do . 
 i wiped my eyes and continued the profile . 
 i chose several pictures showing me smiling and others that made me look vulnerable . 
 how the hell am i supposed to know what a millionaire wants ? 
 i blew out my cheeks as i posted the profile and drummed my fingertips on the table , refreshing the webpage obsessively to see if i had any responses . 
 i felt a swooping sensation as my email blinked . 
 that was fast . 
 hello , just saw your profile pics , your gorgeous ! 
 i 'm a wealthy married 60y/o man looking for a discrete , pretty young lady like yourself ; -rrb- would you be willing to accept $ 3000/month ? 
 check out my profile and email me back . 
 sincerely , mr. nice guy i shuddered and felt clammy all over . 
 his message had been innocuous enough but i could detect an aura of sleaze radiating from mr. nice guy . 
 a sixty-year-old man looking for a discrete , pretty woman less than half his age . 
 gee , i wonder what he wants . 
 feeling a bit sick as i deleted his email , i wondered if all of the responses would be like his . 
 as i deleted the email , two more popped up . 
 wow . 
 hiya ! 
 you look like just what i 'm looking for ; -rrb- check out my profile . 
 - enigmaman248 i clicked on his profile and saw an aging , bald man with two pretty blonde women in his arms , each simultaneously kissing his cheeks . 
 his `` about me '' line declared him as the perpetual partier . 
 more like the perpetual d-bag . 
 i scrunched my face in disgust . 
 maybe natalie was absolutely right about this website being a waste of my time . 
 i hesitantly clicked on the third , bracing myself . 
 good evening , i am a businessman in my late twenties looking for someone to accompany me in my travels . 
 while i can not disclose exactly what i am looking for in an email , i believe that the arrangement i am seeking would be of great interest to you . 
 i realize that my lack of information seems suspicious , but i would like to set up a meeting as soon as possible . 
 i will give you $ 2000 to meet with me tomorrow night , so long as you sign a non-disclosure agreement upon arrival . 
 regardless of whether this arrangement pans out , you will receive the money . 
 please respond as soon as possible . 
 sincerely , - l that piqued my interest . 
 his profile displayed a man in a business suit with large sunglasses and dark , chocolate-brown hair . 
 i could n't really discern anything from the low quality picture ; it seemed like he could be handsome . 
 his pricing was negotiable and his net worth was a staggering 1.6 billion . 
 holy fucking shit . 
 my mind churned . 
 two thousand dollars just for showing up . 
 i could n't pass this up , no matter how sketchy his request sounded . 
 i could get my car back and pay last month 's rent , but it would n't be enough to get me back on my feet . 
 i knew that he could n't be a hoax ; the website claimed to check each `` gentleman 's '' bank and tax records . 
 he was really worth all that money . 
 my insides squirmed as i thought about it . 
 where would we go ? 
 why did he want a travel companion ? 
 the questions raced around in my head ceaselessly , but i knew that i could n't pass up two grand . 
 hi l , thank you for emailing me . 
 i would be glad to meet you . 
 yes , i am free tomorrow . 
 what time and where ? 
 - jessica i decided to keep the email as curt as possible . 
 l was clearly no-nonsense guy , and i did n't think he would respond to a sugary message . 
 my heart hammered as his reply came within minutes . 
 i trembled as i clicked on the new email . 
 jessica , please be at the a16 restaurant in san francisco at 7pm . 
 the hostess will show you to my table . 
 please rsvp soon . 
 thank you , - l i let out a strangled laugh at his email 's clipped tone , and i suddenly felt a lot less worried . 
 this was n't the tone of a guy who wanted to get into my pants . 
 he was something else entirely , but i was n't sure what . 
 intrigued , i sent back a confirmation and he replied lightning-fast . 
 see you tomorrow . 
 - l the bedroom echoed with the sound of my nervous giggle . 
 i closed my computer and climbed into bed . 
 what is he going to be like ? 
 i tossed and turned in my bed , the promise of two thousand dollars alleviating my nerves . 
 the old adage burned in my mind : if it 's too good to be true , it usually is . 
 chapter 3 four p.m. jesus , there were only a couple hours left before i would have to go to the bart . 
 the restaurant was in the marina , far from all the bart stops . 
 i would have to get out and take a bus . 
 it was pathetic , really . 
 but what other choice did i have ? 
 finally , at four-thirty i reluctantly began to get ready . 
 the anxiety clawed at my stomach as i painstakingly applied my makeup . 
 i chose the same black cocktail dress . 
 maybe he would think that was lazy . 
 the truth was that i did n't have a lot of clothes for going out . 
 i wore nude stockings because it was cold out and the city was always at least fifteen degrees cooler than the east bay . 
 i pulled on my faux wool coat and grimaced at all of the missing buttons , hoping the billionaire would n't notice how very poor i was . 
 as i prepared to leave , the front door opened and i heard natalie came home from work , just as i was preparing to go out . 
 my stomach was in a tangle of knots . 
 i opened my bedroom door and came face to face with natalie . 
 she looked like she had n't slept at all ; there were dark arcs under her eyes and i suddenly felt a rush of guilt . 
 her eyes roved down my body . 
 `` so , you 're really doing it ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i brushed past her , hoping my tight-lipped expression was enough not to start another round of disagreement . 
 `` jessica , please do n't do this . '' 
 the note in her voice turned me around . 
 `` i 'll be fine . '' 
 her body was still rigid . 
 `` text me as soon as you 're done . '' 
 i inwardly rolled my eyes , but i knew that natalie was concerned for me and only wanted me to be safe . 
 `` whatever . 
 fine . '' 
 i opened the door and walked into the crisp november air . 
 as a lifelong californian , any temperature below seventy degrees made me instantly reach for a sweater . 
 i tried to imagine myself in a cold climate and laughed through my chattering teeth . 
 and it 's going to be even colder in the city . 
 luckily , the bart was only a few blocks away . 
 i felt quite ridiculous as i tottered in my heels through the neighborhood . 
 cars sped past me with their bass raised to ridiculous levels , pounding up my legs and into my heart . 
 i followed the distant scream of the metro and again i wondered what he would be like-and why he was so secretive . 
 what if he wants to kiss me ? 
 i kept myself calm by imagining a two thousand dollar check written to me . 
 it 'll be fine . 
 it might even be fun ! 
 if anything , when it was over i could write an article about what it was like being a sugarbaby for a billionaire . 
 god , i hated that word . 
 the doors to the bart hissed open and a slew of tired-looking businessmen and women commuting from the city spilled out of the train . 
 i sat down carefully on the stained seat cushions . 
 i tried not to imagine how stupid i would feel next to such a well-bred man , probably born into money , raised by a series of nannies and teachers at his overseas boarding school . 
 i told myself to shut up and relax , but i could n't help but obsess over it . 
 i was n't classy . 
 i never walked in heels and constantly stumbled . 
 i felt like i was always fumbling my way through life , as if i had a permanent blindfold . 
 i was n't graceful . 
 i would be terrible . 
 oh , shut up . 
 i kept opening my phone during the bart trip , half-hoping that i would receive an email from the billionaire canceling the meeting . 
 just relax , i kept telling myself . 
 i wobbled on my heels as the train stopped on montgomery and left the heated train , my legs freezing as i ascended the escalator into the night . 
 the streets were filled with people who just left work . 
 even during the weekdays , san francisco nightlife thrived and those who were rich enough to afford living in the city would be hitting the city 's many restaurants and lounges with their coworkers . 
 i used to walk past them all the time during my internship . 
 jealousy burned in my stomach when my coworkers would go out together and leave me behind , knowing that i always took the bart home . 
 i never went out with them after work because i could n't afford eight-dollar cocktail drinks and tapas plates that cost double that . 
 i walked to the muni bus around the corner and dumped quarters into the machine . 
 i glanced at my phone and felt my heartbeat in my throat . 
 six-thirty p.m. no turning back now . 
 i clutched the rim of my seat for dear life as the muni shuddered and banged up the steep streets . 
 i wanted to throw up as the bus stopped on the street i was supposed to get off . 
 what the hell was i thinking ? 
 why did i agree to do this ? 
 you agreed out of desperation . 
 wrapping my coat tight around myself , i carefully descended the steps . 
 the sea air whipped down the streets violently from the marina and tossed my hair around my head . 
 i raced across the street towards a16 , a small restaurant tucked into the wall that was teeming with people behind its softly lit windows . 
 the tiny , square sign glowed in the misty air . 
 i stopped for a moment to calm myself . 
 i checked my phone one last time to find a text from natalie : good luck closing my eyes , i said a silent thank you to her for the confidence boost needed to grasp the dark door 's brass handle . 
 the smell of baking crust and tomatoes blasted into my face , making my mouth water instantly . 
 it was funny how i often did n't realize how starving i was until the smell of something appetizing floated across my nose . 
 the interior of the restaurant was dark and intimate . 
 like most places in san francisco , the space was small . 
 the bar and kitchen stretched on the right side of the restaurant , and a row of tables draped with linen on the left . 
 the back of the restaurant had a long table enclosed in a glass room , slightly separated from the rest of the restaurant . 
 i squeezed past the people waiting for a table on the sides and approached the hostess . 
 well , now what ? 
 what do i tell her ? 
 i do n't even know his name . 
 `` ma'am , would you like us to take your coat ? '' 
 an employee swooped in from nowhere and held out his hand expectantly . 
 `` oh ! '' 
 i was clutching my coat as if i depended on it for survival . 
 `` yes , please . '' 
 i slipped the fake wool coat from my shoulders , feeling naked without it . 
 my black purse dangled from my shoulder . 
 the hostess gave me a dubious smile , as if she could see through the carefully constructed wardrobe and deduced that i had nowhere near the amount of money to afford eating at this place . 
 `` welcome to a16 ! 
 do you have a reservation ? '' 
 `` hi-uh-no , well , yes . '' 
 my high-pitched laugh made me cringe . 
 `` it 's for seven o'clock . 
 i 'm supposed to meet someone . 
 my name 's jessica . '' 
 her eyes widened with renewed interest . 
 `` ah , yes . 
 mr. pardini has been waiting . 
 please follow me . '' 
 yeah , that 's right , i thought as i returned a haughty smile to her bewildered expression . 
 i have a date with a billionaire . 
 the cacophony of surrounding conversation quickly swallowed my short , nervous laugh . 
 my teeth clenched together so hard that my jaw ached . 
 how awkward would i be with the billionaire ? 
 stop referring to him as ` the billionaire ' ! 
 something stirred inside my head when the host mentioned his name . 
 pardini . 
 where did i hear that name before ? 
 the hostess walked straight to the bar and i scanned the people sitting on the stools , trying to figure out which one was l . 
 she walked to a man dressed in a dark blue suit sitting idly on the bar , his long fingers playing with the stem of a wineglass . 
 i could n't see his face at all , only the back of his head which was thick with dark brown hair , imperfectly groomed as though he had just had a long day at work . 
 clearly afraid to touch him , she leaned in . 
 `` mr. pardini ! '' 
 his head turned to the left and i caught a glimpse of a stunning profile . 
 she said something i could n't catch and his dimples creased into a smile . 
 now it was his turn to pick me out of the crowd . 
 i wanted to run away , but his cool blue eyes froze me in place . 
 his calculating gaze swept up and down , and i was so entranced that i did n't even notice that he slipped off the stool and walked towards me . 
 he was so beautiful that it almost made me want to cry , because i knew that someone like that would never , ever be into me . 
 it was impossible . 
 `` hi , i 'm luke . '' 
 a high-pitched , teenage voice squealed inside my head . 
 oh my god . 
 this guy is really incredibly hot . 
 stunned into disbelief , i completely forgot my fear . 
 i pulled my lips into what i thought was a sweet smile and slipped my hand into his . 
 his hand was reassuring and instant heat traveled through his skin and into mine , up my arm and glowing somewhere in my chest . 
 he was the stuff of fantasies , and yet , his face was n't so perfect that it was unnerving like so many actors in hollywood with perfectly straightened teeth as white as chiclets . 
 i was supposed to say something , but his mesmerizing eyes promised there was no other person in the world he would rather see than me . 
 i sniggered and felt a violent blush creeping up my neck . 
 `` uh , it 's really nice to meet you . '' 
 really , really nice . 
 he made a slight `` hmm '' and his smile became a grin , as if he knew the effect he had over me and was thoroughly enjoying it . 
 `` if you follow me , i 'll show you to your table . '' 
 i squeezed his hand suddenly . 
 i forgot she was there . 
 let go of his hand ! 
 and stop staring at him ! 
 i dropped my gaze and let go of him . 
 my hand trembled as it returned to my side and i felt like one of those twihards shrieking at robert pattinson . 
 what was wrong with me ? 
 i walked in front of luke and followed the hostess as she brought us to the back , to the room separated by a wall of glass . 
 it was meant for larger parties , but luke probably paid to reserve it . 
 of course he did . 
 he had piles of money . 
 luke pulled out my chair with one hand like a perfect gentleman and i sat down , inhaling something that must have been cedar cologne . 
 the scent disappeared as he swept around the table , but it left me intoxicated and i blinked at him as though i were slightly drunk . 
 he was so handsome that i could n't bear looking at him longer than a few seconds . 
 would he be able to detect how hard i was crushing on him ? 
 he looked more like a male model than a businessman . 
 his dark hair fell into his eyes with a casual elegance that few men could achieve . 
 he smiled at me and my cheeks burned violently . 
 `` would you like anything to drink , ma'am ? '' 
 god , yes . 
 she slid a drink menu under my hands and i snapped my attention towards it . 
 i did n't recognize any of these wines . 
 the only wines i knew were of the charles shaw variety that sold for five bucks a pop at trader joe 's . 
 `` just get me a dry red . 
 something you think is good . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` would you like another glass , mr. pardini ? '' 
 `` yes , please . '' 
 his voice stroked me . 
 it was very deep and calming . 
 when the hostess left , there was no reason to avoid looking at the remarkable specimen sitting in front of me . 
 when i met his gaze , he smiled again and warmth flooded my chest . 
 pardini . 
 a small explosion took place in the pit of my stomach . 
 `` i know you ! '' 
 i blurted . 
 `` you were on et the other night . '' 
 the moment the words left my mouth , i wanted to smack myself . 
 you did not just say that . 
 the smile on his face faltered . 
 he pinched the bridge of his nose and uttered a small groan . 
 `` yes , i 'm sure i was . '' 
 so it really was him . 
 the rich playboy with daddy issues used an online dating website . 
 none of this made sense . 
 the waitress returned to set the wine glass next to me . 
 i watched her fill the glass impatiently and i took an unnecessarily large gulp as she poured him more wine . 
 i could n't look away from him . 
 i was fascinated by him-and my strong feelings towards him . 
 `` i apologize for all the secrecy , but unfortunately it was necessary . '' 
 he reached inside his suit jacket that looked like it cost more than my car and pulled out several papers and a pen . 
 he set them down and slid the pile towards me face up . 
 oh , right . 
 the non-disclosure agreement . 
 in the email , he outlined the expectation for me to sign it `` upon arrival . '' 
 i pulled it towards me and signed it . 
 the penalty for violating the agreement was a whopping three million dollars . 
 no article writing for me , then . 
 i slid the papers back towards him and he folded them back into his jacket , looking slightly relieved . 
 he looked at me shrewdly . 
 `` you 've never done this before , have you ? '' 
 `` no , i have n't . 
 have you ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i 've interviewed several candidates but i found none of them suitable . '' 
 candidates . 
 what a strange word . 
 `` what is it exactly that you want me to do ? '' 
 the mysterious smile reappeared . 
 `` i do n't want to get into that today . 
 i just want to get to know you . '' 
 my face grew hot , made worse with the wine . 
 i was aware that he could see how uncomfortable i was . 
 he was gorgeous and i was a nobody . 
 i did n't get it . 
 `` what i do n't understand is why you think you need a paid arrangement . '' 
 no , stupid ! 
 do n't say that . 
 just shut up and take his money ! 
 he took another sip of wine and i heard the liquid hiss through his teeth . 
 then he looked at me . 
 `` i know what i want , and i have very little time . 
 this is just the easiest way for me . '' 
 a small shiver went through my body . 
 why would he want me ? 
 but he did all the same and it was overwhelming . 
 `` so , tell me about yourself , jessica . '' 
 now , i felt like i was in an interview . 
 `` well , i graduated last year with a bachelor 's in english and i really want an editing position at a magazine somewhere . 
 i 've been trying to get one for a year , but all i could find were unpaid internships . 
 i signed up for this because i need an income to pay for my expenses . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i think that i 'm a pretty honest , reliable person . 
 i could leave references for you , if you want . 
 to be honest , i really need the money . '' 
 it was embarrassing to admit it . 
 suddenly , the room was filled with the smell of freshly baked pizza . 
 i snapped my head around and saw the rather perfect sight of the waitress bearing a steaming pizza . 
 she set it down over a metal stand in the middle of the table . 
 it was a cheerful , vivid red with slightly burnt edges , no doubt cooked in a wood-burning oven . 
 little specks of green dotted the sauce and i smelled the basil from the rising , swirling steam . 
 i had a reaction that could only be described as pavlovian . 
 `` the pizza here is the best in the bay area . 
 it 's almost like eating pizza in rome . '' 
 i did n't care where it was from , as long as i got to eat it . 
 `` i ca n't wait to try it . '' 
 he smiled politely as he cut a slice for me and slid the plate in front of me . 
 perhaps he was used to the type of girls who only ordered salads when they went out . 
 `` do you have a boyfriend ? '' 
 flustered , i glanced at his face and saw that he was serious . 
 `` no , ` course not . 
 i 've never really - '' i stopped myself . 
 i almost told him that i 'd never had one . 
 `` i 've never really had much time for boyfriends . '' 
 my hand trembled as i took another sip of wine . 
 i watched him eat the pizza with a knife and fork , feeling suddenly barbaric as i picked up my slice with my hands . 
 `` do you live in the city ? '' 
 he gave me an uncertain nod . 
 `` i have a house , but i 'm rarely home . '' 
 he probably had places all over the world . 
 i finally bit into the pizza and moaned as the acidic taste of the tomatoes exploded over the perfectly baked crust , slightly blackened from the wood fire oven . 
 `` oh my god ! '' 
 i moaned elegantly through my mouthful of pizza . 
 `` this is-this is incredible ! '' 
 luke seemed to choke on his pizza as he looked at me and laughed . 
 it was different from all of his polite , almost mechanical smiles . 
 the corners of his eyes creased and he covered his mouth with his hand . 
 was he mocking me ? 
 no , there was kindness in his eyes-not cruelty . 
 i returned his smile and laughed in spite of myself . 
 `` i 'm actually kind of psycho about food . 
 i volunteer at a soup kitchen every week and i organize the recipes . '' 
 perhaps the wine made me so talkative , but i was flattered by luke 's interest and the way he leaned in so he could hear me talk . 
 i kept forgetting that this was an interview . 
 `` every week , really ? 
 what for ? '' 
 he sounded suspicious . 
 of course he was . 
 he made me sign a nda , for god 's sake . 
 i gave him a half shrug . 
 i did n't exactly want to go into detail . 
 `` it started as a community service thing i wanted to do for my resume , but i found myself really enjoying it . '' 
 a frown crossed my face . 
 `` well , until yesterday . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i mentally slapped myself again . 
 he does n't need to know every damn detail of your private life ! 
 i waved my hand . 
 `` it 's not a big deal , but my car got broken into while i was volunteering and my gps was stolen . '' 
 `` well , i 'm sorry to hear that . '' 
 `` yeah , it kind of sucks . '' 
 we lapsed into silence as we finished the pizza . 
 i devoured three more slices , savoring each bite . 
 does he eat like this all the time ? 
 why would n't he ? 
 after many sips from the equally delicious wine , i felt myself slip into a warm , happy stupor . 
 `` so where did you grow up ? '' 
 i snapped to attention . 
 `` hm ? 
 oh-well i moved around a lot as a kid . 
 first i lived in richmond , then fremont , oakland , antioch . '' 
 we were wading in dangerous waters . 
 `` how about yourself ? '' 
 his face tightened . 
 `` chicago . 
 well , i was there until my mother passed . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` then my father sent me overseas to a boarding school in london . '' 
 god , so he really went to a boarding school . 
 years of lying in bed while reading harry potter and fantasizing about what it would be like to live in a castle full of children made me burn with jealousy . 
 `` what was it like there ? '' 
 i said in an awed voice . 
 `` were there houses ? '' 
 he tilted his head and a slow smile spread across his face . 
 `` you mean like gryffindor and ravenclaw ? '' 
 i laughed and took another sip of wine , trying to hide my embarrassment . 
 `` no , i 'm afraid not . 
 they 're not all they 're cracked up to be . '' 
 i sank in my chair , my bubble of excitement bursting . 
 `` are you kidding me ? '' 
 `` the environment could be stifling . 
 you 're in this studious environment from sunup to sundown . 
 i was homesick a lot . 
 it was lonely . 
 at first , it was fun , but after a while you miss your mom and dad . '' 
 it was sad to hear that . 
 luke stared at some point over my shoulder , his eyes echoing with the loss of his mother and the pain of being sent away after her death . 
 i could n't imagine what that must have felt like . 
 i wanted to erase that unhappy look on his face . 
 `` you 're ruining my fantasy ! '' 
 he laughed and shrugged apologetically . 
 luke looked at me intently , as if he was making his mind about something . 
 his fingers drummed on the table and he reached inside his jacket . 
 `` i just need to ask you to fill out one more thing . 
 you have to understand that i do n't trust very easily , and i 'm going to need you to complete this form so i can do a background check . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` no problem . '' 
 i had nothing to hide , right ? 
 it was n't any different from applying to a job . 
 i took the form and filled everything out , which included my address , phone number and social security number . 
 a voice inside me said that it was a lot of private information to give to a complete stranger . 
 then luke slid over the two thousand dollar check already written in my name and i took it shamefacedly . 
 i do n't know why , but i felt guilty taking it . 
 i had such a nice time with him . 
 i returned the form to him , sensing that the meeting was over as he glanced at his watch . 
 `` well , shall we ? '' 
 i took one last sip of wine and stood up as he threw cash on the table . 
 we walked through the bustling restaurant . 
 the hostess reached into the closet to retrieve my sad , synthetic wool coat and i watched as luke shrugged on his . 
 i noticed his patent leather italian shoes and felt so cheap by comparison . 
 i was an impostor , a cinderella , but with his hand on the small of my back , i did n't feel like one . 
 the glass doors swung outward and the chilly air struck my bones . 
 luke walked beside me with his hands deep inside his pockets . 
 `` i 'll walk you to your car . '' 
 i cringed as i stopped and turned to face him . 
 `` i-actually i took the bart and muni to get here . '' 
 the cold stung his cheeks with pink . 
 `` oh . 
 why 's that ? '' 
 i tried to look somewhere behind his head , anything to avoid meeting his gaze . 
 `` well , like i said , my car was broken into and it needed to be fixed . '' 
 his voice was flat . 
 `` but repairing a windshield only takes an hour . '' 
 he was n't getting it . 
 i bit my lip as tears suddenly welled in my eyes . 
 do n't cry , you idiot . 
 i balled my hands into fists until my fingernails bit painfully into my flesh . 
 `` yes , well , i could n't afford it . 
 so they kept my car . '' 
 i could n't quite keep the pain out of my voice . 
 none of us said anything for a while . 
 no doubt , he was looking for some sort of phrase , some appropriate response for this situation that he had been taught in his gentlemen classes at his overseas boarding school . 
 `` i 'll call a town car . '' 
 i whirled around as i saw his thumb moving rapidly over his cell phone . 
 i swallowed the lump in my throat painfully . 
 `` no , really . 
 it 's okay . 
 i 'm fine with taking the bart ; i do it all the time . 
 it 's no big deal . '' 
 for some reason , the pressure behind my eyes doubled . 
 i did n't want him feeling sorry for me . 
 `` neither is calling a town car . '' 
 i wanted to argue , but his hand reached out and touched my shoulder , squeezing it slightly . 
 he wore a nonchalant smile on his face , as if he had n't noticed the tears welling in my eyes , but of course he had and was just trying to make me feel better . 
 `` okay . '' 
 a few minutes later , a sleek black mercedes rolled next to the curb . 
 i revolved on the spot with a heavy feeling in my stomach . 
 well , that 's it . 
 `` thank you so much for everything , luke . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i 'll contact you in a few days if all is well . '' 
 suddenly , he swept down and planted a swift kiss on my cheek . 
 the spot burned like a hot poker and the faint smell of his shampoo drifted inside my nose . 
 i could still feel the imprint of his lips on my face . 
 the kiss surprised me so much that i forgot to say goodbye . 
 i let out an embarrassing giggle and ducked into the security of the smooth , leather car interior . 
 luke leaned down near the passenger 's side to exchange words and a handful of cash with the driver . 
 feeling oddly light , i laid my hand across my cheek where he kissed me for a long time , marveling at how something so brief could feel so good . 
 i still felt like i stumbled into some kind of fairytale when the car dropped me at my house . 
 maybe a fairytale was n't accurate . 
 it was like a bizarre dream . 
 in what world did a gorgeous billionaire pay women to date him when he could literally have any woman he wanted ? 
 i stepped out before the driver could open my door and gave him an awkward wave . 
 whoops . 
 he gave me a cursory look and sped away when i stepped on the sidewalk . 
 i shrugged as i watched the town car blast down the street . 
 i struggled opening my door for several minutes until i finally realized i used the wrong key . 
 finally , i pushed it open and strode inside . 
 the back of natalie 's head was against the couch . 
 she whirled around as soon as i entered and stood up , looking apprehensive . 
 `` jess , look , i 'm really sorry for what i said . '' 
 seeing her looking so tired in her pajamas stirred my guilt . 
 she waited for me all night , and probably wondered if my face would appear on the evening news . 
 i was too tired to argue . 
 `` it 's fine . '' 
 her hands fidgeted . 
 `` you did n't text me . '' 
 `` ah , sorry . 
 i forgot , '' i said as i hung my coat in the closet . 
 `` well , how was it ? '' 
 i clung to the wall and a huge grin spread across my face . 
 `` i think i 'm in love ! '' 
 i yelled to the room . 
 she grinned . 
 `` seriously , what was he like ? '' 
 `` he 's young and gorgeous . 
 and nice and - '' i shivered at the mere memory of him . 
 `` i do n't really know what he 's like , but he is hot . 
 he looks like ian somerhalder ! '' 
 her eyebrows were somewhere in her hair . 
 `` wow . 
 well , what does he want from you ? '' 
 `` i do n't know yet , '' i said lightly . 
 `` i can pay you back now , at least . 
 and i can get my car . '' 
 i slid my feet out of the heels and bounced across the room , brimming with happiness . 
 `` i 've never seen you like this . '' 
 natalie 's voice was flat . 
 `` am i dreaming ? '' 
 i shrugged and backed into my room , laughing at her stunned face . 
 `` i 'm going to bed . 
 ` night ! '' 
 i set my purse on the bed and set the two thousand dollar check on my nightstand , feeling myself deflate once again . 
 do n't get attached to him . 
 he could potentially become my boss , but he 'd never be my boyfriend . 
 still , it was nice to dream . 
 chapter 4 the following morning , i headed straight for the bank to deposit my check , and then took a bus to the repair shop where my car was . 
 looking randy straight in the eye as he swiped my credit card , i breathed a sigh of relief as the charge went through . 
 after driving home and paying natalie the two months ' rent i owed , my bank account contained a paltry $ 432.50 . 
 luke 's money helped tremendously , but i still needed more-and fast . 
 without receiving a single reply to the job applications sent out days ago , i asked for applications at every retail store on the way home . 
 even mcdonalds was n't hiring . 
 my stomach roared with hunger as i stood in the kitchen . 
 debating whether or not to buy food at the grocery store , i dug through my cupboard and found a battered packet of ramen . 
 score . 
 i inhaled the tantalizing smell of the dry noodles and the spice packet as i ripped open the plastic , poured the noodles into a water filled bowl , shoved it in the microwave , then blasted it . 
 i practically grew up on top ramen . 
 i remember many school lunches where i would rip open the plastic , dump the spice onto the dry noodles , clench the package in my fist to break them into tiny rings , and then shake it to distribute the seasoning . 
 my fingers coated with msg dust , i ate the whole bag of uncooked noodles . 
 at least microwaving was a step above eating it raw . 
 carefully maneuvering the piping hot bowl to the kitchen table , i proceeded to gulp down my pitiful supper . 
 the front door opened . 
 `` hey , '' natalie called out . 
 feeling that twist of anxiety that took up residency inside my stomach , l looked up . 
 `` hi . 
 i have a check for you on the table . '' 
 she put her messenger bag down with a weary shrug of her shoulders and hung her coat inside the closet . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i mean the billionaire paid me two grand last night just for showing up . 
 so i can pay you back . '' 
 i slid the check closer to her . 
 i need to stop calling him ` the billionaire . ' 
 a slight frown on her lips , she took the check in her hands and peered at it closely . 
 her eyes widened in disbelief . 
 `` jess , i still do n't think this is a good idea . '' 
 i knew this was coming the moment she walked inside , and her steely look strongly indicated she meant business . 
 `` i do n't even know what he wants from me yet . 
 if he sets up another meeting , i 'll find out . '' 
 `` i 'm also worried about you getting hurt . 
 last night , you were talking about him as if he was your date . '' 
 my fork stabbed at the ramen in my bowl . 
 `` i know , '' i said a little defensively . 
 `` he 's just not what i expected at all . '' 
 no , he was n't . 
 my cheeks still burned as i thought about his soft kiss goodbye . 
 he could still be an asshole . 
 i did n't know him at all , but it was hard not to be intrigued by a man planted so firmly in the spotlight . 
 `` do you know his name ? '' 
 yes , and so do you . 
 i grinned , bursting to tell her i signed a multi-million dollar nda . 
 `` ca n't tell you , sorry . 
 he made me sign a nda . 
 and an authorization for a background check . '' 
 her eyes bugged out . 
 `` you 're kidding ? '' 
 `` wish i was . '' 
 `` well , that 's thorough . 
 now i 'm really curious . 
 i have a feeling you 're going to have to put out , though . '' 
 my cheeks went a bit pink . 
 if he wanted to have sex with me , would i say no ? 
 of course you would ! 
 `` if that 's the case , i 'll just end it . '' 
 natalie knew sex still frightened me . 
 she looked at me unblinkingly . 
 oh god , she was going to talk about it . 
 `` i just hope that you are n't pressured into doing something that traumatizes you . '' 
 my mind vividly recalled a hand pressed against my mouth in the darkness . 
 heavy alcoholic breath poured into my ear . 
 if you make a sound , i 'll kill you . 
 a violent feeling surged inside me , and i looked around for something to flush it down . 
 a beer . 
 i needed a beer . 
 maybe an entire case of beer . 
 `` well , what do you mean ? '' 
 she sounded impatient . 
 `` jessica , come on . 
 you know what i 'm talking about . 
 you 've always had issues with men . '' 
 i felt stripped bear , and my face unpleasantly flushed . 
 i always tried so hard to reveal as little about myself as possible , yet natalie appeared to know all my horrible secrets . 
 `` i 'm just worried about you throwing yourself into a situation like this with a man you hardly know . 
 what are you going to do if he forces himself on you ? 
 can you handle that ? '' 
 could i ? 
 i hardly knew the man , but really doubted he would do something like that . 
 `` jesus , nat . 
 i do n't even know what he wants yet . 
 will you relax ? '' 
 her arms crossed over her chest and she drew a shuddering breath . 
 `` look , i know you do n't like to talk about your foster parents and everything . '' 
 `` here we go , '' i said , rolling my eyes . 
 i did n't care if i was rude . 
 `` you 're going to need to talk about it someday to someone , '' natalie said . 
 `` jess , i 'm not saying that it has to be me , but someone . 
 you put your life on hold for way too long . '' 
 `` enough . '' 
 the rough edge in my voice made natalie back away . 
 `` it 's not that easy for me . 
 i do n't have health insurance . 
 i do n't have a family i can talk to . 
 i 'm dealing with it the best way i know how . '' 
 i hated how bitter i sounded . 
 `` you have a family . '' 
 `` no , i do n't . '' 
 she looked at me like a wounded animal . 
 the hurt splashed over her face and some of her pain transferred to me . 
 `` you 're getting married and starting a life of your own . 
 you 're not going to always be there for me . '' 
 i swallowed hard . 
 `` and that 's fine . 
 i want you to have everything you want . 
 but do n't talk to me as if it 's that simple . 
 i 've been kicked and punched my whole life and you do n't get over that after a few hours in a therapist 's office . '' 
 natalie physically flinched like i struck her . 
 we never really talked about this out in the open , even when i showed up to school with bruises on my legs . 
 i stood and paced the small kitchen , natalie 's infuriating look of pity following every step . 
 i did n't like this . 
 i did n't want to talk about this . 
 `` i ca n't imagine what it was like - '' needled past endurance , my head whirled around . 
 `` no , you ca n't . '' 
 `` but you have n't tried , jessica . 
 admit it . 
 you 've survived everything that happened to you , but you 've never really allowed yourself to live . '' 
 the suffocating fear escalated even more . 
 `` what the hell does that mean ? '' 
 she was close to shouting now . 
 `` i 've been waiting years for you to wake the hell up and get help for yourself ! 
 you 're a fucking mess . 
 you ca n't afford groceries . 
 you 're incapable of getting your shit together . 
 and being alone with men makes you have panic attacks , and it does n't take a genius to figure out why . 
 and now you 're turning to this insanely stupid idea that will probably make your problems worse . '' 
 my knuckles turned white on the head of the chair . 
 i briefly entertained throwing the hot bowl of soup in natalie 's face . 
 i did n't trust myself not to scream something i 'd regret forever , so i said nothing . 
 natalie 's half-enraged , half-remorseful face said it all : something had broken between us . 
 i did n't need to hear her say all of those awful things out loud , because i said them to myself every day . 
 my shaking voice finally broke the silence . 
 `` thank you for reminding me that i 'm a failure . '' 
 even my best friend thinks i 'm hopeless . 
 of course , she was right . 
 was n't she always fucking right ? 
 before she could speak , i fled into the safety of my bedroom . 
 even though i knew she would n't follow me , i still locked the door . 
 my pinched face and red eyes reflected from my vanity 's mirror . 
 fuck you . 
 i wanted to destroy the mirror and shatter the image of my pathetic face . 
 i saw myself bent at the waist , clutching the bathroom sink as he ripped down my pants . 
 i looked into the mirror and sobbed as his naked body loomed behind me . 
 then i was trapped , forced to ride out the hell that was my memory until it was over . 
 * * * the buzzing phone jerked me out of sleep , and i rubbed my tear-encrusted eyes . 
 my heart jumped when i realized i had a new email . 
 i rolled on my stomach to read it . 
 hi jessica , hopefully , this has n't reached you too late . 
 i would like to schedule another meeting in napa . 
 i have a company outing there tomorrow and i would like to have a chat with you while i 'm there . 
 my driver can collect you at your apartment around 3pm . 
 please reply back if this is acceptable . 
 - luke does this mean i passed ? 
 i doubted it because of his strange business-like tone . 
 groaning at the thought of going all the way to napa , but thankful i did n't have to drive ; i punched out a quick email . 
 i did n't understand how the background check was completed so quickly . 
 perhaps he would drive me all the way there just to tell me i did n't get the position . 
 definitely not . 
 he would 've just sent a cordial email thanking me for a nice time , and apologize for selecting another candidate . 
 after sending off a quick reply , i fell back on my pillows and wondered what the hell i would wear since i did n't want to borrow something else from natalie . 
 he 's going to be in something more casual , probably . 
 i checked the time . 
 it was midnight . 
 only fifteen hours to go . 
 restless , i sprang out of bed and blinked as i flipped on the light . 
 i slid open the closet door and rifled through my sad collection . 
 i bit my lip . 
 there was nothing here to impress him . 
 my fingers lingered over a tired skirt , a frayed blouse , and returned to the cocktail dress . 
 i ca n't wear the same thing twice . 
 resolving to wait until morning , i threw myself back into bed . 
 a shopping trip might be possible , but i did n't like the idea of spending the little money i had on clothes . 
 the restless thoughts haunted me for hours as my body refused to let me sleep . 
 a slightly burnt coffee smell drifted in from the kitchen ; natalie was getting ready for work . 
 i gave up trying to get back to sleep and flipped on the light switch . 
 my worry about meeting with luke dwarfed the slight twinge of annoyance when natalie knocked and opened my bedroom door . 
 she stared at all the clothes laid out on my bed and blinked . 
 `` uh-i just wanted to apologize , jess . 
 i could n't sleep last night . 
 i 'm really , really sorry about all the things i said . 
 i 've been under a lot of stress lately . '' 
 natalie squinted at my bed . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i was n't really sure that i was ready to forgive her , but i did n't have any energy to stay angry . 
 desperate for her advice , i waved my hand towards the clothes . 
 `` the billionaire wants to meet me this afternoon in napa . 
 i 'm trying to figure out what to wear . '' 
 natalie stepped inside and inspected the pile on the bed . 
 she bit her lip , an unmistakable signal that she was searching for something delicate to say . 
 `` just say it-my clothes are crap . '' 
 she avoided my eyes as she picked up a faded blouse sleeve . 
 `` listen , just go in my closet and pick out something . 
 whatever you want . '' 
 i heaved a great sigh of relief . 
 `` thanks so much . 
 you 're a lifesaver . '' 
 grateful we were the same size , i was n't worried with a full wardrobe of natalie 's cute outfits at my disposal . 
 `` it 's no problem . '' 
 she wearily stared into her coffee mug . 
 `` why does he want to see you all the way over there ? '' 
 shrugging , i began hanging the clothes back in my closet . 
 `` i dunno . 
 well , he mentioned he had a company meeting there . 
 he seems like a busy person . '' 
 it was weird to be talking to her like this , as though nothing had happened . 
 her vicious comments still rang in my head . 
 maybe she sensed i was still a bit hurt because she wished me luck before she left . 
 she wo n't be mad at me much longer . 
 i 'll fix everything . 
 i did n't leave my bedroom until i heard the front door close . 
 my thoughts lingered on the mysterious , handsome man i met only a day ago even though i tried to distract myself throughout the day . 
 i tried to resist googling him , but ended up studying his strangely brief wikipedia page anyway . 
 in contrast , his father 's was very detailed and long . 
 i scanned it to learn luke was his only child and his mother died in her mid-thirties . 
 his father was an alcoholic and was dying of terminal lung cancer . 
 no wonder he had a reputation for partying ; it was an escape . 
 i closed the page as a small blush crept through my face . 
 i should n't pry into his life . 
 he would n't like it . 
 at noon , i pulled on the outfit i chose : a pair of black leggings and a sweater from express . 
 there was no way i was going out in a dress again in the middle of november . 
 thanksgiving was in a week , natalie would have the week off , and she 'd probably double the effort to make me to go with her this year . 
 i kept my appearance simple with a bit of mascara and lip gloss . 
 the black mercedes rolled up against the curb at two o'clock sharp . 
 the magical carriage has arrived to take cinderella to the ball . 
 shrugging on my wool coat , i opened the door and entered the stinging air . 
 the same driver from the night prior stepped out and opened the passenger door for me `` thanks . '' 
 i beamed at him as i ducked inside the heated car . 
 i would never get used to this . 
 he tipped his black driver cap . 
 `` not at all , '' he said . 
 the familiar feeling of being caught in a wonderful , absurd dream was overwhelming , and i giggled as he closed the door . 
 a town car a billionaire hired whisked me away from my crappy apartment and its crumbling streets . 
 do n't get carried away , i reminded myself . 
 this could all end today , leaving me with nothing but memories . 
 the driver glanced at me in the rear view mirror , and i wondered what kind of life he had . 
 `` i never caught your name , sir . '' 
 `` it 's jim . '' 
 `` i 'm jessica . 
 nice to meet you . '' 
 my hands fidgeted in my lap . 
 he was probably wondering why the hell luke asked him to pick up a girl from a section 8 apartment complex . 
 i made a few comments about the weather just to make the drive a little less awkward . 
 the discussion changed to bart strikes and found camaraderie in the topic . 
 then i ran out of things to talk about . 
 `` whoa . '' 
 a magnificent building loomed over us as jim turned into the road leading to opus one winery . 
 it sat on a deep green lawn elevated on all sides like a pyramid . 
 fields of grape vines surrounded the whole area . 
 the cream-colored limestone made it shine like a small sun in the late afternoon . 
 the driver stopped the car in the winery 's parking space and opened my door . 
 `` mr. pardini will be waiting for you inside . '' 
 `` thank you , jim . '' 
 what a beautiful place . 
 out of all the californian wines , opus one was the most hyped . 
 if i could rate a wine based on how beautiful the winery was , opus one would score a perfect ten . 
 my heels echoed within the high-ceilinged walls after i walked through the massive brown doors and stepped into the winery . 
 like the interior of mediterranean villa , the soft walls glowed with golden light and colorful flowers spilled from vases . 
 the rich architectural details on the archways mesmerized me . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 i turned to a woman dressed in a white blouse and black slacks . 
 `` yes , i 'm supposed to meet mr. pardini here . '' 
 `` oh , you must be jessica . 
 please follow me . '' 
 i followed her around the sweeping circular hall . 
 the winery was like a giant disc , and she walked along a stretch of private room hidden behind glass doors . 
 above us was a giant dome of glass where the sun filtered through the second floor 's terrace my heart gave a sudden squeeze as i recognized luke seated on a white leather sofa . 
 dressed in pristine khakis and a sky-blue sweater , he stared thoughtfully at a pile of paper alongside a glass of wine on the coffee table . 
 definitely more casual and laid back than the night at the restaurant . 
 he did n't notice us when we approached , and only looked up when the woman rapped on the glass . 
 the same polite look flicked on his face as he waved us inside . 
 was it me , or did his smile look strained ? 
 nervous energy and laughter bubbled from my throat as luke stood up to receive me . 
 i stopped thinking completely when his arm wrapped around my shoulders and his fingers lightly stroked my skin as if he 'd done it a thousand times before . 
 the shock ran like a hot drop down my throat . 
 when he spoke , i felt the vibrations through my body . 
 `` that 'll be all , thank you . '' 
 the woman smiled and looked a bit flustered as she left the room . 
 well , good . 
 now i know that i 'm not the only one who gets so affected . 
 then his body left me so abruptly that i felt like icy water had been thrown on my face . 
 `` would you like some wine ? '' 
 `` sure , '' i said . 
 i took the delicate stem he offered me , disguising my confusion by hiding my face behind the glass . 
 the wine 's acidity balanced perfectly with the tangy fruit taste . 
 i sat across from him on the couch while my heart hammered in anticipation . 
 well , how did it go ? 
 `` thank you for coming here , jessica . 
 the background check i ran on you was clear , but i do my own extensive research with my pi . 
 i wanted to talk to you about what he found . '' 
 he has a private investigator ? 
 god , this guy 's paranoid . 
 the wine felt high in my throat no matter how much i sipped . 
 i did n't like the detached tone of his voice . 
 he folded his long fingers into steeples and looked at me . 
 `` do you mind if i ask questions about your background ? '' 
 my gaze dropped and i shrugged . 
 `` i guess not . '' 
 inwardly , i felt like my heart would jump out of my chest . 
 `` i know that you were a foster child and that you were transferred from a few homes . 
 the reports mentioned that you had behavioral problems . '' 
 he held his hands up at the look of my stunned face . 
 `` listen , i know that this is very awkward . 
 i just need to make sure that you 're well-adjusted . '' 
 i set the dangerously wavering wine glass on the coffee table . 
 no one ever invaded my privacy like this , and i did n't know how to react . 
 luke took a flying leap over my comfort zone . 
 i looked at his handsome face and simultaneously thought of a viper . 
 am i well adjusted ? 
 nope . 
 `` well , i did n't have the most stable home life , so i acted out a lot . '' 
 i knew no one would ever adopt me , and my foster parents would eventually get sick of me , so i threw fits and smashed things to get me transferred as soon as possible . 
 knowing i would get the same reaction every time , it was oddly comforting to repeat those behaviors . 
 he waited for me to elaborate , but there was no way in hell i was going to talk about my fucked up childhood . 
 `` okay , um ... i actually contacted one of the foster parents you were with the longest earlier today . 
 the kramers . 
 they mentioned that you were particularly-jessica ? '' 
 luke 's polite face dissolved into horror as my face crumpled against my will . 
 bill and shelly kramer . 
 their fat faces swam in my mind . 
 the feeling of their cruel hands on my flesh , twisting , hitting , and striking me . 
 the belt whistled through the air . 
 the terrifying sound of his leather belt slipping through the loops of his jeans . 
 their oldest son , vincent , with his sweet , angelic face . 
 they believed every word out of his psychotic mouth , even though he-he raped me . 
 i avoided that word for years , but now it burned in my mind like a red-hot poker searing into raw flesh . 
 rape : the four-letter word that triggered hell whenever i stumbled across it . 
 rape . 
 my face fell into my hands . 
 the pressure built from holding back tears made my forehead feel like it was going to explode . 
 i was raped . 
 it blazed in my mind like a giant , neon billboard . 
 i was humiliated and exposed . 
 i was broken . 
 do n't think about it do n't think about it do n't think about it - blinded by tears , i stood . 
 i wanted to kick the khaki and blue colored blob sitting on the couch . 
 `` you actually talked to them ? 
 what did they-what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 the last words erupted from my throat . 
 `` do you think it 's okay to pry into people 's lives like that ? '' 
 he appeared in front of me . 
 `` it was all in the contract , jessica , '' he said in a kindly voice . 
 `` you signed it . 
 i do this for all my employees . '' 
 the rage left me with overwhelming embarrassment . 
 `` i need to leave . '' 
 i grabbed the door handle . 
 `` no , wait ! '' 
 he pushed the door shut and used his body to block my path . 
 i turned away but he took my shoulders gently and forced me to face him . 
 he actually looked pained . 
 `` hey , listen , i 'm really sorry . 
 please do n't be upset . '' 
 he sounded so desperate and human . 
 for the first time , i relaxed around him . 
 `` i know that what i did was way over the line . 
 please forgive me . '' 
 it 's not his fault . 
 he did n't know . 
 i sniffed and nodded , allowing him to steer me back to the couch . 
 i discretely wiped my eyes as luke sat down in front of me . 
 his hands fidgeted in his lap , making him look as though i caught him stealing . 
 `` i 'm sorry for yelling at you . 
 i did n't know that was part of the contract . 
 there are certain things i do n't like to talk about and my past is one of them . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i understand . '' 
 he leaned forward and snatched his glass , clearly glad that i calmed down . 
 `` i 'm just going to cut to the chase . 
 i really need your help . '' 
 i kept my hands balled at my sides . 
 luke gave me a sharp look . 
 `` remember , all of this is confidential . 
 you signed a nda . '' 
 `` just tell me what it is , already . '' 
 some of the anger bit into my voice . 
 i realized how rude i sounded , but luke did n't seem to mind . 
 he looked incredibly nervous . 
 he kept clenching and unclenching his hands . 
 `` yes , right . 
 well , here it is . 
 my dying father is threatening to write me out of his will unless i shape up and settle down . 
 i will lose my entire inheritance and my job unless i can convince him that it 's happening . 
 the disease is quite advanced , so i 'm a bit short on time . 
 i need someone who will act as my girlfriend . 
 we 'll travel together , get photographed going out , we 'll be in the same hotel rooms-though this relationship will be strictly professional . 
 it 's all an act . '' 
 finally everything was out in the open . 
 he wanted me to kiss him in public , hold his hand , and make eyes with him . 
 easy peasy . 
 i would have done it for free . 
 it all seemed so crazy , i could n't think of anything to say . 
 he stared at me . 
 `` well , say something ! '' 
 all of it seemed so unlikely . 
 `` would your father really do that ? '' 
 luke huffed impatiently . 
 `` yes . 
 absolutely . 
 my uncle dominic was co-founder of pardini worldwide and each of his five children , my cousins , have shares . 
 it would be a simple thing to write me out of the will , especially with the rest of the family hissing suggestions in his ear . 
 almost five billion would be distributed amongst them if i were kicked out . 
 they would love it . '' 
 five billion ? 
 my head spun as i imagined a gladiator arena with luke 's family dressed in business suits all fighting each other to the death . 
 it almost made my foster family life look civilized . 
 they must be constantly at each other 's throats . 
 anyone would be driven mad by that amount of money . 
 the strain was livid on luke 's face ; it curled his shoulders forward . 
 `` my father is a cruel , narcissistic man . 
 i 've worked hard all my life for the company and i deserve this . 
 i 'll be damned if i let that bastard take it all away from me . '' 
 he sighed and sunk back into the sofa . 
 `` sorry , it 's just that i do n't get to vent about him often . '' 
 i actually felt sorry for him . 
 it must be horrible to have to live your life at the whim of someone with so much power over you . 
 `` i just do n't understand-why do n't you just get a real girlfriend ? '' 
 `` it 's not that easy , '' he said flatly . 
 the deflated look on his face alarmed me . 
 did he have self-esteem issues ? 
 `` oh , come on . 
 you 're handsome and rich . '' 
 `` notice how you added , ` and rich ' ? 
 it 's really , really hard to find someone who likes me for who i am and not for my money . 
 i ca n't trust anyone . 
 besides , i do n't have much time . 
 i need to leave next week for london . '' 
 wow . 
 i did n't realize i could ever feel so sorry for a billionaire . 
 `` but you 're letting your father control your life . '' 
 `` no , i 'm not . 
 i picked you . 
 i just want him to think he 's controlling me . 
 that 's when he 's the happiest . '' 
 `` why did you pick me ? '' 
 i blurted . 
 `` because you 're educated and you 're pretty . 
 and we seem to have good chemistry . '' 
 my cheeks flushed and he smiled at me . 
 it was sad that i felt so good about his compliment . 
 he leaned in closer , refusing to let me out of his gaze . 
 `` i have to warn you , though . 
 if we do n't get along , we 'll have to go our separate ways . 
 i mean-we 'll be together constantly . 
 i know that this is a lot to ask for and that 's why i 'm prepared to pay you ten thousand dollars a month . '' 
 my mind went blank . 
 `` i 'm sorry , what ? '' 
 i could n't have possibly heard that right . 
 he smirked , knowing then that he had me . 
 `` ten thousand dollars a month . '' 
 `` jesus , '' i whispered . 
 get paid an absurd amount of money to travel with the world 's most handsome bachelor ? 
 yes , yes ! 
 `` but what would we tell people ? 
 how did we meet ? 
 where did i grow up ? '' 
 we would have to fabricate a huge backstory . 
 i doubted his relatives would think highly of an orphan coming from absolutely no money . 
 i nervously wondered if i could pull this off . 
 `` we 'll figure out all of that stuff later . 
 will you do it ? '' 
 and i would visit london . 
 i always wanted to go there . 
 `` yes , i 'll do it . '' 
 he slapped the desk . 
 `` great ! 
 well , it 's almost the end of the month , so i 'll pay you half of what we agreed . 
 you can use it to buy clothes for the trip or whatever you want . 
 i 'll get your plane tickets , of course . 
 we leave next week on wednesday . 
 i know it 's thanksgiving , but the trip really ca n't wait . '' 
 i waved my hand dismissively . 
 i would n't be able to plan the thanksgiving meal for the soup kitchen . 
 who cares ? 
 `` do n't worry about it . '' 
 it will probably be the best thanksgiving i 've ever had . 
 i seized the contract slid in front of my nose . 
 a few months was the intended duration . 
 `` i do n't know how long my dad has , but i 'll renew it if he has n't gone yet . '' 
 the cold matter-of-fact way he spoke about his father 's impending death made me feel uncomfortable . 
 who am i to judge ? 
 i fantasized daily about slipping poison in my foster parents ' food . 
 i signed the contract , and my jaw dropped as luke handed me a check made out to five thousand dollars . 
 i held it as if it was made of glass and slipped it into my purse . 
 all in a day 's work . 
 `` thank you so much . 
 you 've no idea how much this will help me . '' 
 `` likewise , '' luke said as he stood up . 
 `` well , shall we ? '' 
 i took his offered arm , and he escorted me out of the winery . 
 i felt a golden ball of warmth inside my chest at his closeness . 
 i caught myself in the reflection of the elevator doors and could n't believe it . 
 damn , we look hot . 
 his arm was snaking around my waist and suddenly all the air left the room . 
 remembering that i was supposed to act like his girlfriend , i fell against his chest , and his lips pressed against my head . 
 i had no memory of being held as though i was cherished . 
 i got lost in the moment for a while before luke walked me all the way to the cars outside , where dozens of people were getting ready to leave the winery . 
 he gave a small wave to some of them , who waved back and did a double take . 
 i could almost hear their thoughts : who 's that girl with mr. pardini ? 
 `` my co-workers are still here . 
 perfect . '' 
 his hand slid from my shoulder to grasp my hand . 
 the path of his touch blazed such a trail , my desire for him flared up like a torch . 
 i squeezed his hand , stunned by the way my body responded to him . 
 my hand tensed inside his as luke made a beeline straight for a couple of older men in suits standing near the curb . 
 oh , no . 
 `` mr. blackwell , mr. brown . 
 i hope you enjoyed today . '' 
 the portly mr. blackwell smacked his purpled lips . 
 `` oh , it was wonderful ! '' 
 `` yes , quite , '' brown agreed . 
 `` and who is the lovely young lady ? '' 
 luke 's admiring grin flashed towards me . 
 `` this is jessica , my girlfriend . '' 
 my cheeks probably looked as though they were on fire . 
 this is jessica , my girlfriend . 
 hopefully , they would think i was cold . 
 their rosy , smiling faces nodded at me as i shook their hands . 
 `` i ` ssa pleasure . '' 
 `` nice to meet you . '' 
 `` are you ready to return to london ? 
 mr. blackwell 's face fell comically as he addressed me . 
 `` am i ready to return to forecasts of endless , freezing rain ? 
 you californians are spoiled rotten . '' 
 `` jessica will accompany us to london . 
 she 's never been outside the country . '' 
 i never told him that , but he guessed right . 
 he smiled at me and i hugged my `` boyfriend 's '' chest , beaming . 
 the two men were pleasantly shocked . 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 `` yes , i 'm very excited . '' 
 that was n't a lie ; i could n't wait to go . 
 it would be a blast , and looking up things to do on tripadvisor was the first thing i would do when i got home . 
 luke glanced at the town car pulling up . 
 `` well , jessica 's ride is here . 
 i will see you both next week . '' 
 completely out of my element , i was eager to leave the company of the two men . 
 they acted perfectly fine , but it was nerve wracking to be around them . 
 what if i said something wrong ? 
 `` it was nice meeting you both . '' 
 both men smiled courteously as we walked away from them . 
 luke ducked his head close to mine . 
 `` they 're old friends of my father . '' 
 ah , so that 's why he dragged me over to them . 
 would they report my presence to mr. pardini ? 
 we stopped in front of the town car and the driver got out to open the passenger door . 
 `` i 'll see you next week . '' 
 i felt a jolt of anxiety as i turned in his arm to tell him good-bye . 
 if i 'm really his girlfriend , i should probably kiss him . 
 blackwell and brown peered at us . 
 luke 's gentle hands pulled me closer until i could see the golden flecks circling his pupils . 
 my heart beat so furiously against my ribcage that i knew luke could feel it pounding against his chest . 
 then his lips crashed against mine and i felt myself soaring . 
 holy shit . 
 i had never felt anything like it . 
 so much heat , everywhere . 
 i kissed him back eagerly , completely lost in the feeling of his lips against mine and his hands wrapped around my waist . 
 when he pulled away , i was surprised to see a smoldering look on his face . 
 overwhelmed , i stepped back as he tried to give me that loving smile men always reserved for their girlfriends . 
 the lack of warmth behind his effort punched my gut . 
 `` bye , '' i croaked . 
 i ducked into the car and the driver closed the door . 
 as the car rolled away , i saw his face drop into a look of bored indifference . 
 my heart wrenched . 
 he almost made me believe that it was real . 
 chapter 5 `` i still ca n't believe you 're going to london before i am . '' 
 natalie watched me pack for my trip to europe with a look of mingled jealousy and disbelief . 
 i still could n't believe it myself . 
 `` me too . '' 
 when i got home from the winery , i could n't take holding it all back , and wound up telling natalie everything . 
 i made her swear a hundred oaths not to divulge anything to anyone ever on pain of death . 
 she would find out soon enough because luke made it clear the tabloids would print pictures of us together . 
 sure enough , i found a blurry photo of us leaving opus one hand in hand , with the caption underneath : luke pardini leaving opus one with blonde bombshell . 
 i laughed at that . 
 blonde bombshell ? 
 me ? 
 yeah , right . 
 `` so long as you keep your feelings in check , you 'll be fine . '' 
 it was clear from natalie 's tone that she did n't expect me to . 
 `` i really wish you were n't leaving before thanksgiving . 
 wo n't your friends miss you ? '' 
 my cheeks flushed at the mention of the lie i told natalie about finding a group of people i celebrated thanksgiving and christmas with . 
 i crammed a few socks into my suitcase and refused to look at her . 
 `` i lied about the friends . 
 i spend every year at the soup kitchen and then i go home alone . 
 this will probably be the best thanksgiving i 've ever had . 
 do n't worry about me . '' 
 a hollow silence followed my words . 
 when i finally gathered enough courage to look at her , natalie 's stricken face made me feel guilty . 
 `` why did you lie to me ? 
 i asked you a hundred times and you always said no . 
 d'you know how that makes me feel ? '' 
 i sputtered . 
 `` what ? 
 i did n't want to go because i thought you and ben needed time alone . 
 i just feel weird being the third wheel . '' 
 natalie opened her mouth but i changed tact with lightning speed . 
 `` i 'll be able to wire you rent money from abroad , so you do n't have to worry about that . '' 
 `` i know you 're really excited about this , but i do n't know . 
 i hope nothing bad happens . '' 
 i wished that she would give it a rest with the whole prostitution thing . 
 `` i 've told you a thousand times , i 'm not going to trade sexual favors for money . '' 
 `` i 'm not talking about that . 
 what if you legitimately fall in love with this guy ? 
 he 'll break your heart . 
 you 're already smitten . '' 
 who cares ? 
 i 'm making ten thousand dollars a month . 
 `` we have chemistry , '' i shrugged . 
 `` i 'm not going to avoid this amazing experience just because something bad might happen . 
 i 'll probably never have this opportunity again . '' 
 natalie relented . 
 `` well , i hope it 's worth it . '' 
 the doorbell rang . 
 `` who 's that ? '' 
 flustered , she ran to answer the door . 
 `` ben . 
 we wanted to have dinner - '' she opened the door . 
 `` hi , honey ! '' 
 ben 's voice boomed through the apartment , and i abandoned my packing with a sigh . 
 a plastic smile on my face , i went to greet natalie 's boyfriend . 
 `` hey , ben . 
 how 's life ? '' 
 `` good ! '' 
 tall with norwegian features like fair skin and blonde hair , ben 's blue eyes sparked as he swept me into a hug . 
 `` so , i heard that you 're dating a billionaire ? '' 
 he cackled as i glared at natalie . 
 `` how 's the law firm ? '' 
 lucky for me , he happily seized on the topic and talked about it for a while . 
 still filled with anxiety over the trip , i tried my best enjoy the rest of the night . 
 tomorrow , luke 's driver would bring me to sfo . 
 he also paid for my passport 's rush processing , and it arrived on monday . 
 until a courier dropped off the one-way ticket from san francisco international to heathrow , it was hard to really believe i was leaving . 
 i 've never been on a plane . 
 it was going to be awesome . 
 after ben left , i finished packing and double triple checked everything . 
 unsure about the length of the trip , i filled two suitcases and a backpack . 
 i was ready to leave hours before the driver came to pick me up the next morning , and natalie worked from home acting as anxious as i felt . 
 she did n't help matters by constantly fussing over me . 
 `` where 's your ticket ? 
 did you pack your passport ? '' 
 i quadruple-checked my backpack . 
 `` they 're both here . '' 
 it was ten o'clock , the time luke said he would pick me up . 
 what if he had changed his mind ? 
 `` did you pack chapstick ? '' 
 my stomach lurched . 
 crap . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 i sprinted to the bathroom and skidded to a halt as i heard the doorbell ring . 
 natalie bolted to the door and wrenched it open . 
 a pleasant , deep voice filled the room . 
 `` hello , you must be natalie . 
 it 's a pleasure . '' 
 i heard luke 's voice down the hallway and jumped , feeling close to laughter . 
 i rummaged through my drawer and seized a tiny tube , and then i walked towards them both , my heart hammering my ribs . 
 i could tell that natalie was taken aback . 
 she replied back a few seconds later than she should have . 
 `` nice to meet you . '' 
 he was looking hot , as usual . 
 i had never seen him wear jeans , but he wore a fitted pair that showed off his long , muscled legs and a shirt that made me want to run my hands all over his body . 
 he smiled at me over natalie 's shoulder . 
 `` ready to go ? '' 
 mute , natalie turned around with her face frozen in impolite shock . 
 he 's a dreamboat . 
 i nodded at him . 
 he smiled at both of us , bemused by our mute voices . 
 `` um , i 'll just get your bags . '' 
 he stepped in and grabbed one of the suitcases . 
 lifting it easily , he turned around to reveal a perfectly carved ass . 
 `` god , '' i moaned as i watched him load the suitcase in the car . 
 `` you were n't kidding , '' she commented in a breathless , dreamy sigh as she watched luke . 
 the driver took my suitcase from my hands and hurried down the steps to help luke . 
 `` i guess this is it , '' i said as natalie 's eyes misted over , and a lump formed in my throat in response . 
 `` if you cry , i 'll cry . '' 
 she seized my neck painfully and pulled me into a fierce hug . 
 `` i 'm not crying , '' she said in a thick voice . 
 `` call me when you get there , and be safe for god 's sake . '' 
 luke climbed back up the steps with the same smile . 
 `` she 'll be safe with me . 
 it was nice meeting you , natalie . '' 
 i gently disengaged myself from natalie 's death grip and shouldered my backpack . 
 `` i hope you have a good holiday . 
 i 'll be back soon . '' 
 i took luke 's outstretched hand and descended the steps , turning back to smile and wave at natalie 's panicked face . 
 once inside , i moved over the smooth leather interior for luke . 
 instead of the town car , luke had arrived in a limousine . 
 it looked wildly out of place in this shitty neighborhood . 
 across the street , a woman smoking in her plastic lawn chair stared at us , the cigarette burning in her fingertips . 
 i shook my head and gazed at the interior . 
 a dark glass partition separated the driver from us . 
 there was a champagne bottle on ice in the limo , tv screens , and blinking yellow lights on the ceiling . 
 this is so cool . 
 the ugly streets of concord rolled by the long window . 
 i could n't believe i was leaving it all behind . 
 i looked around at luke , whose arm was stretched over the leather . 
 he was studying me quietly , perhaps regretting the whole thing . 
 i could n't imagine a more unlikely couple . 
 `` we should think of a backstory for ourselves . 
 people are bound to ask . '' 
 he looked at me thoughtfully . 
 `` before we do that , i want to make something clear . '' 
 any hint of humor dropped from his face . 
 `` this will never be anything more than a business relationship . '' 
 `` i know that . '' 
 i raised my eyebrow . 
 where was this coming from ? 
 was my attraction to him that obvious ? 
 `` what makes you think i would want to be with you ? '' 
 now he looked like he had been punched in the gut . 
 yeah , serves you right , you pompous jerk . 
 he quickly recovered and a smug grin flashed on his face . 
 `` do n't you ? '' 
 electricity shot up my spine ; i was in dangerous territory . 
 `` maybe i would n't want to be talked down to all the time by your old boy network , boarding school buddies . 
 or your family . '' 
 he looked stung . 
 i was joking , but perhaps there was a little bit too much truth to what i said . 
 `` no one would do that while you were with me . '' 
 `` of course not , '' i shot back . 
 `` they 'd do it when you were n't around . '' 
 i turned away from his face and wished there was something to drink . 
 it 's ten in the morning , i reminded myself . 
 silence stretched between us as i cringed , waiting for him to reprimand me or do whatever it was billionaires did to their inferiors . 
 you should n't talk to him like this . 
 he 's not your buddy . 
 `` you 're very blunt . '' 
 an apology was already falling from my lips , but luke silenced me with a reassuring nod . 
 `` i like it , even though it might be a little hurtful . 
 i 'm usually surrounded by sycophants . 
 i expected you to be one of them . '' 
 it was strange to feel unpleasantness in my gut and pride glowing in my heart at the same time . 
 `` do you want me to be a sycophant in front of other people ? '' 
 he shook his head and laughed . 
 `` just be yourself . '' 
 be myself ? 
 was he crazy ? 
 `` i do n't know if that 's a good idea . '' 
 `` jessica , i picked you because i like the way you are . 
 they 'll understand that . 
 the only thing is we need to come up with a background . '' 
 i tried to bury the glowing feeling in my chest . 
 `` well , i could just use natalie 's background . 
 it would be easy to remember . 
 her parents are both dentists . 
 their names are rita and tom . '' 
 luke nodded as he typed something in his smartphone . 
 `` my father 's name is giacomo . '' 
 giacomo pardini . 
 i committed it to memory . 
 `` what about your mom ? '' 
 `` mary , '' he said stiffly . 
 a shadow crossed over his face and i was afraid to ask more . 
 looks like i 'm not the only one who does n't like talking about myself , i thought as luke 's frown became even more pronounced . 
 i looked outside and was startled to discover that we were already driving over the new bay bridge . 
 soon , i 'll be sitting on a jet with nothing between me and the ground but thousands of feet . 
 `` what airline are we taking ? 
 it did n't say on the ticket . '' 
 he looked at me as though i had made a poor joke . 
 `` it 's my private jet . '' 
 oh , right . 
 i felt a stab of nerves as the limo rolled into sfo . 
 `` i suppose this would be a bad time to mention that i 've never flown before ? '' 
 `` you have got to be kidding . '' 
 he scowled when he realized i was serious . 
 `` shit . 
 this is going to be a nightmare . '' 
 he ironed his face with his hands and then suddenly his head perked up . 
 `` please excuse my language . '' 
 i did n't know whether i wanted to laugh or yell . 
 `` hey , '' i said a bit defensively . 
 `` i 'm not terrified of planes or anything , i 'm just saying that i 've never flown before . 
 whoa - '' a wall of people holding cameras blocked our exit from the car , madly clicking away . 
 holy shit . 
 `` paparazzi ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 look alive , '' said luke in a neutral voice . 
 clearly , he was used to this sort of thing . 
 it was daylight , so at least we did n't have to walk into blinding camera flashes . 
 the driver opened the door and their screams blasted into the car , which had been silent only a moment ago . 
 he slid out of the car first . 
 `` mr. pardini ! '' 
 `` luke , what do you have to say about the merger with hilton hotels ? '' 
 i took luke 's hand as i got out of the car . 
 the horde of paparazzi closed in around us and shouted his name , demanding to know where we were going and what was his opinion and who was the girl standing next to him ? 
 i clung to luke instinctively and shrank from the men closing around us . 
 he tugged my arm , but i was afraid to squeeze between the people clustered around us . 
 i met his puzzled , blue eyes and his expression became one of concern . 
 he pulled me against his chest and i loved his protective heat , and as luke walked they parted from him . 
 he said nothing to the screaming voices but beamed at them , as if posing for a photograph . 
 a light flickered inside my head and i grabbed luke 's shirt , forcing him to stop . 
 before he could utter a word , i hooked my hand around his neck and crushed my lips against his . 
 they want a picture ? 
 i 'll give them some juicy gossip . 
 i could imagine the headlines : luke pardini seen kissing blonde trollop at sfo ! 
 okay , they probably would n't use that word . 
 the kiss made me feel more alive than i had in years . 
 heat simmered in my chest and i could hear them still clicking away , shoving their cameras in our faces , but i did n't care . 
 i just wanted to cling onto him and savor the moment for as long as possible . 
 my hand rested over his chest and i could feel his lean muscles under my fingers . 
 i raked my fingers through his thick hair and when we finally broke , it was to breathe . 
 i did n't know why i did it-i was n't really thinking , but my hand slid down his chest and around his abdomen . 
 his body was so fucking hot , that i was n't really thinking straight , and i lightly stroked the curve of his ass . 
 his nostrils flared and his eyes smoldered . 
 he laughed a bit into my lips and pinched my waist with his fingers . 
 i snapped out of it . 
 i had been so caught in the moment that i did n't realize i had taken a flying leap over our professional arrangement and had crossed into the territory of sexual harassment . 
 i could n't tell if he was turned on or pissed off . 
 a rush of self-loathing filled my guts . 
 jessica , you idiot . 
 my little ass-grab would be plastered all over the tabloids . 
 luke turned away , the moment broken , and plowed through the crowd . 
 the waiting agents at the airport took our bags from the driver , who left the moment luke handed him an envelope . 
 `` this way , mr. pardini . '' 
 he kept a firm grip on my hand as we walked through the airport , and we bypassed the normal security to go through some sort of vip screening process . 
 as the agents loaded our luggage on the conveyer belt , luke turned towards me . 
 his cheeks were a bit pink , and it thrilled me . 
 he leaned into me and i flushed under his accusatory stare . 
 `` so , care to explain what that was all about ? '' 
 i thought that my cheeks would be stained permanently red . 
 i lowered my gaze . 
 `` i was just acting for the cameras . '' 
 i cringed at myself as luke 's dry laughter shook through my body . 
 `` yes , you certainly were . '' 
 the amount of smugness in his voice should be made illegal . 
 it was all right , though . 
 at least he was n't mad . 
 i got a bit carried away , but still , my guilt stayed with my all the way to the small jet was waited for us on the tarmac . 
 i seized luke 's hand and my nails bit into his palm . 
 i looked at him in alarm as the driver opened the doors of the porsche . 
 `` relax , '' he said unhelpfully . 
 the scream of jet engines echoing throughout the yard , i climbed the steps to the jet . 
 i chose one of the ten white leather seats near the middle , but i could n't decide whether the flight would be more terrifying with the window open or closed . 
 the stewardess practically bowed to luke as he entered the plane . 
 he spotted me huddled into my seat . 
 `` jessica , i need to do some work . 
 will you be fine ? '' 
 i waved him off . 
 `` yeah , whatever . '' 
 he chose a seat with a table and reached into his bag to remove his laptop . 
 the door slammed shut and soon after that i felt the roar of the jet engine under my thighs . 
 it 's so loud . 
 is it supposed to be this loud ? 
 the seatbelt light flared on and i quickly grabbed the belt , missing the buckle several times in my haste to secure myself . 
 `` so where do they keep the parachutes ? '' 
 i said to luke , who looked up from his computer . 
 `` uh-there are none . 
 there 's a floatation thing under your seat , though . '' 
 what ? 
 `` well , that 's stupid , '' i said . 
 `` what if there 's an attack or an explosion and we 're plummeting down ? '' 
 he looked at me coolly . 
 `` then we 'll die . '' 
 `` and you 're okay with that ? '' 
 `` i 'm okay with the logic of it . '' 
 he shook his head before returning to his laptop screen . 
 i gripped the sides of my armrests as the plane lurched forward . 
 i had to remind myself that the flight was nine hours long . 
 calm the fuck down ! 
 maybe i could have one of those mini liquor bottles . 
 what if i died without saying goodbye to natalie ? 
 i opened my phone and sent her a quick text : plane 's leaving now . 
 you 've been an awesome friend . 
 i 'll call you when/if i land . 
 there . 
 if i died , at least natalie would know how much i cared . 
 i closed my eyes and gritted my teeth as the plane began to turn . 
 something bumped into my seat and my eyes flew open . 
 it was luke . 
 he sat down in the adjoining seat in an effort to calm me down . 
 it would have been sweet if only he would stop laughing at me . 
 `` this is n't funny , '' i said through my teeth . 
 i reached over and shut the window . 
 `` it is , though . '' 
 his voice was strained with the effort of keeping from laughing . 
 i groaned as the flight attendant 's voice spoke over the intercom , telling us to prepare for takeoff . 
 he broke into fresh peals of laughter as i buried my face in my hands , then luke lifted the armrest and pulled me into his arms . 
 i relaxed as he snaked his arm around my shoulders . 
 my face was nestled between his neck and shoulder . 
 i breathed in the smell of his cologne and shivered in his arms . 
 it was incredibly soothing . 
 what would it be like to fall asleep like this , every night ? 
 `` i think i know how to distract you . '' 
 it was working . 
 all i could think about was how nice it was to be held like this . 
 then the jet suddenly soared forward and luke let out a grunt as i seized a handful of his arm . 
 `` there , there . 
 it 'll be all right . '' 
 his fingers were under my chin , making me tilt my head back . 
 then his soft lips kissed me gently , making me gasp . 
 i could n't believe how sensitive my lips were . 
 i felt desire radiating like a heat lamp , pounding all the way down my abdomen . 
 he pulled back as i responded more passionately . 
 fire licked my face . 
 there was no one here to see us , save for his flight attendants . 
 why was he toying with me like this ? 
 when he pulled away , i thought i could see some of my confusion mirrored on his face . 
 i buried my face into his chest when i felt the wheels lift from the ground . 
 it was the most curious sensation . 
 at the same time that i felt the weight lift , pressure increased over my shoulders as we climbed into the sky . 
 luke reached over and opened the window , revealing a field of blue beneath us . 
 `` see ? 
 it 's not so bad . '' 
 `` i guess not . '' 
 `` how come you 've never been on a plane ? '' 
 i snorted at the question . 
 he might as well have asked why i did n't own a yacht . 
 `` i grew up poor in foster homes where no one gave a shit about me . 
 no one would have flown me anywhere . '' 
 he made a deep sound that rumbled through my back . 
 `` how ironic . 
 my dad put me on a plane the moment my mother died . '' 
 something cold went through me as i imagined a dark-haired nine-year-old boy , surrounded by strangers on an airplane , wiping tears from his eyes . 
 `` what did she die of ? '' 
 i felt his sigh through my back . 
 `` she committed suicide . '' 
 my whole body stiffened . 
 his hand still rubbed my shoulder , as if i was the one who still needed comfort . 
 in a way , i did . 
 i felt terrible . 
 i wanted so badly to turn around and hug him . 
 luke 's voice was very even , but i could detect a note of resignation . 
 she killed herself . 
 she did n't love him enough to stay alive . 
 it would mess with anyone 's head . 
 `` that 's fucking horrible . '' 
 against my will , i found myself wondering how she did it . 
 did he find the body ? 
 why did he tell me this ? 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i 'm over it . 
 i think . '' 
 `` there 's no way you 're over it , '' i blurted . 
 i felt a rush of self-loathing for not keeping my opinions to myself . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i keep trying to filter my thoughts , but it does n't work . '' 
 he weakly chuckled . 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 everyone 's always sucking up to me , hoping i 'll advance their career or give them money or something . 
 i 'm sick of it . 
 besides , maybe you 're right . '' 
 `` why do n't you just cut ties with people who suck up to you ? '' 
 `` because then i 'd have to fire a good ninety-percent of my employees and cut ties with most of my family . 
 i ca n't just do that . '' 
 sure you can , i thought . 
 `` well , i promise i 'll never do that . 
 i do n't think i 'm capable . 
 i was never taught manners , for one . '' 
 bringing this up gave me a fresh wave of anxiety . 
 `` seriously , you 're going to have to teach me . '' 
 he leaned in so that i could feel his breath whistling in my ear . 
 `` jessica , relax . '' 
 he patted my arm . 
 `` sorry , but i need to do some work . '' 
 i left him alone for the rest of the flight . 
 aside from a few bouts of turbulence , the rest of the ride was uneventful . 
 i was excited for the three-course meal , but frowned at the small pile of minuscule black balls with the tiniest spoon i ever saw . 
 next to it was a stack of crackers . 
 i peered at the menu . 
 caviar . 
 my first thought as i tasted it was : this is supposed to be a delicacy ? 
 it tastes like fishy salt . 
 the next item on the menu was much better . 
 maine lobster and butternut squash sauce . 
 i devoured the cheery , orange-red lobster and sauce , marveling how buttery it tasted . 
 mentally , i was taking notes for the soup kitchen . 
 getting approval for lobster would be next to impossible . 
 i looked at the menu eagerly for the third course : princess cake with navel orange marmalade . 
 what the hell was a princess cake ? 
 was it blessed by an actual princess or something ? 
 i had fun taking pictures of all the courses with my phone , scribbling down in my journal what each one tasted like . 
 luke barely touched his plates , occasionally looking over to see what i was doing , and perhaps wondering why i got so excited over food . 
 now that my anxiety over flying was mostly over , my brain boiled over how i would eventually be confronted with luke 's friends and family . 
 he counted on me to make this work , and to convince his father that this romance was real . 
 i felt a rush of warmth in my cheeks as luke looked up from his laptop and smiled at me . 
 i could n't stop thinking about how he held me in his arms , his eager mouth and hard body . 
 when he smiled at me , my heartbeat galloped ahead . 
 it 's a little bit too real . 
 i had to keep reminding myself to not get attached . 
 when this was over , luke and i would go our separate ways . 
 get a grip . 
 luke returned to sit beside me when we started to land . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` landings are worse . '' 
 sure enough , the horrible free-falling motion made my guts clench . 
 i clutched luke 's hand and squeezed when the plane dropped . 
 he snorted with laughter whenever i let out a high-pitched squeal . 
 `` i 'm glad you find my fear so amusing , '' i hissed . 
 `` did n't you take an ethics class to become a proper gentleman ? '' 
 he tried to force his mouth into a neutral line , but failed . 
 `` no . '' 
 i cringed as we plummeted what seemed to be a hundred more feet , bristling as luke guffawed at my terror . 
 as the plane made a right turn , london sprawled underneath us in a series of yellow lights . 
 i 'm really here . 
 after we landed , a rolls royce whisked us off the airplane and dropped at heathrow 's main terminal . 
 a gaggle of paparazzi stood in the lobby , elbowing each other as soon as they saw us . 
 luke 's guards fended them off , but this time the camera 's bright flashes exploded all around me . 
 clutching luke 's arm , i walked out of heathrow and inhaled my first breath of london . 
 i noticed the differences right away : the tiny cars , the black hackney taxis , and a barrage of languages and english accents . 
 i could n't wait to see it all . 
 once the paparazzi cleared away , we entered into our car and sped towards our hotel . 
 luke 's hotel . 
 we exited the car in a location that had an uncanny resemblance to new york 's times square . 
 i stared at the screen that wrapped around a building in the middle of two streets , flashing colorful advertisements as a slew of people jostled me down the street . 
 luke tugged my arm and i looked up , staring at the giant letters over the hotel lit up like golden candles : pardini . 
 we entered the hotel , the beige marble floors polished so well that i could see my own reflection . 
 `` good evening , mr. pardini . '' 
 the receptionists obviously knew him by name . 
 luke inclined his head and continued to the elevators . 
 oh , right . 
 he does n't need to check in . 
 duh . 
 i followed him into the elevator as the bellhop rolled our luggage inside . 
 the elevator stopped on the twelfth floor , and opened directly into the suite . 
 my jaw dropped as we walked inside . 
 there was a fully stocked stainless steel kitchen , a spa and indoor pool , a gym , and everything you could ever need . 
 the king sized bed stood on a dais surrounded by glass , which overlooked the whole city . 
 it was incredible . 
 luke tipped the bellhop , and he shoved his hands deep into his pockets with an air of uncertainty once we were alone . 
 `` it 's a beautiful room , luke . 
 i ca n't believe this . '' 
 `` i 'm glad you like it . '' 
 he rubbed his neck and swept back his hair . 
 `` i 'm pretty tired , so i think i 'll go to bed now . 
 i 'll just sleep on a couch and you can have the bed . '' 
 `` no way , '' i protested . 
 `` it 's your place . 
 i 'd feel guilty making you do that . 
 i should get the couch . '' 
 he smiled wryly and shook his head . 
 `` yeah , that 's not happening . '' 
 arguing this with him was fruitless . 
 he refused to violate his gentlemanly code of ethics . 
 `` well , maybe we could share the bed . 
 it 's big enough for both of us . '' 
 my face grew hot at the idea of sleeping next to his inescapable heat . 
 maybe he would only wear boxers . 
 maybe he would be naked . 
 a shudder ran through my body at the thought . 
 `` as much as i 'd like to sleep with you , i do n't think it 's such a good idea . '' 
 the sound of his strained voice and the inevitable flicker of his eyes down my body made my toes curl in pleasure . 
 i wanted this man more than anything in my life . 
 my heart raced as his hand lifted to my face and pulled a stray strand of blonde hair behind my ears . 
 `` goodnight , jessica . '' 
 i tossed and turned on the too large bed as though constant movement might dislodge the burning feeling of luke 's hands and lips from my mind . 
 i was alone with no one real to talk to . 
 is this what he feels like ? 
 am i just another one of his paid employees ? 
 my eyes stung from being awake too long , i flipped open my phone and texted a message to natalie : i got here ok . 
 have a great holiday . 
 xoxo jessica chapter 6 my eyelids cracked open to an unfamiliar ceiling and it took a few minutes for me to remember where the hell i was . 
 oh , yeah . 
 i 'm in london . 
 i leapt to my feet and gazed at the surrounding glass walls to my right . 
 the city sprawled underneath . 
 i never felt so young and alive . 
 soon i would descend to its depths and explore the city until my legs stopped working . 
 i could n't recall a time when i experienced such bliss that i could n't stop grinning . 
 well , that was n't true . 
 some of the happiest times of my life were when natalie and i hung out during summer vacation . 
 i biked down state street to her house every day so we could play in her big backyard and explore the woods behind it . 
 there was an inexplicable joy that came with freedom from parents or school , with exploring the world on our bikes until the sun dipped below the horizon . 
 i felt it now . 
 my eyes misted as i remembered how wonderful it had been-i had completely forgotten about it until now . 
 it was five in the morning and a slow stream of cars and taxis were making their way down the streets . 
 i squinted and tried to locate big ben or the tower of london , but i could n't recognize anything . 
 after a moment of hesitation , i decided to find luke . 
 it was extremely early , but maybe he was awake . 
 i found a robe with his name in the armoire and walked around the cool tiles barefoot . 
 i wandered into the silent kitchen , looking outside to gaze at the panorama of the city . 
 was every inch of this hotel room bordered by glass ? 
 i continued walking forward , not really paying attention to where i was going . 
 bam ! 
 my head smacked right into something solid and damp . 
 a pair of hands took my arms and i saw luke looking incredibly contrite , dressed only in a towel wrapped around his waist . 
 `` jessica ! '' 
 he released my arms . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 my nose was stinging a bit . 
 holy crap , i thought as i studied his perfectly carved chest and arms . 
 my chest felt feverish and i was very aware of how hot my face and neck were . 
 his damp hair flattened against his neck . 
 `` uh-wow . 
 you 're in really good shape . '' 
 ugh . 
 once again , i was at the mercy of my exhausted brain . 
 `` oh , '' he smiled and briefly looked down at himself . 
 `` well , i try . '' 
 please tell me there will be some public event in the future that will require him to take his clothes off . 
 my hand flew to my hair absentmindedly and i twirled a strand around my finger . 
 `` suddenly , i feel like i should work out . 
 i mean-i 'm sorry for bumping into you . 
 i was distracted . '' 
 the smell of his body wash hung like a musky cloud around him ; it was intoxicating . 
 he looked down at me with a seductive , shit-eating grin as he crossed his arms over his chest and studied me . 
 the bastard knew how hot he was and he was n't ashamed of flaunting it . 
 a guy like him-how did he keep his ego in check ? 
 stop twirling your hair , idiot ! 
 i immediately snapped my arm to my side and resolved to keep my hands still . 
 it was incredibly hard to keep my gaze fixed on his eyes ; they wanted to wander down his chest to the towel precariously wrapped around his waist , revealing trim abs and a sprinkling of dark hair that led straight to his - luke cleared his throat . 
 mortified , i glanced back to his widening grin . 
 he definitely noticed me checking him out . 
 `` i was thinking that we could explore london today . 
 i have meetings in the afternoon , but i could meet you afterwards . '' 
 i ca n't hear you when your clothes are off . 
 somehow , though , my brain picked up on `` explore london '' and `` today . '' 
 the excitement seared through my veins like caffeine . 
 i could n't wait to go out there . 
 `` sure , i 'd love that . '' 
 `` it 's a bit early to go out , but why do n't you get yourself ready while i answer some emails ? '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 he walked around me with a small smile playing on his lips . 
 for a moment , he looked like he wanted to add something but he changed his mind at the last second and shook his head , laughing a bit to himself . 
 beaming , i practically skipped to the bathroom , which was more the size of a locker room . 
 the tiles were heated and i sighed in pleasure as i walked bare-footed , gazing at the gleaming porcelain sinks and the glass shower , which still had a sprinkling of water on the walls . 
 i could imagine luke showering in a fog of steam , his rippled body hanging out briefly to grab the powder-white towel on the rail . 
 for a brief moment , i envisioned us showering together and i nearly gasped out loud . 
 my legs were wrapped around his powerful waist as he held me up in his arms and drove into me , my back against the shower wall . 
 i could feel the stab of pleasure radiating up my thigh , glowing in the warmth between my legs . 
 the shower heated in seconds and i stepped into the hot blast of water , the knots in my shoulder melting away . 
 it was already stocked with a myriad of products . 
 i lathered myself up in a perfumed steam and imagined luke 's hands gripping my waist , his neck bending down to kiss my naked flesh . 
 a thrill of exhilaration and fear rippled through my body . 
 it was hard to think about sex without thinking about my trauma . 
 sex still frightened me as much as it enticed me . 
 i shook my blonde head violently . 
 it did n't matter right now . 
 i was n't going to be having sex with luke , even if we had amazing chemistry . 
 as i toweled myself off , i realized that the bathroom did n't come equipped with hairbrushes . 
 i had to return to my suitcase . 
 i let my wet hair cascade down my shoulders and left the bathroom dressed in nothing but a towel wrapped firmly around my body . 
 anxiety stabbed my chest as i peeked around the corner and saw him in the living room . 
 let 's see him react to me . 
 luke was sitting on the couch with his laptop , fully dressed . 
 a phone was against his ear . 
 i walked across his vision and inwardly smiled when i noticed a lull in his speech . 
 i glanced back casually and saw that luke was staring directly at me unabashedly . 
 naked desire shone all over his face , in the way that his mouth hung half-open and the white-knuckled fingers clutched his phone . 
 a moment later , luke snapped back to his conversation . 
 `` yes , sorry . 
 as i was saying ... '' i walked towards the bathroom with my toiletry bag in my hand and felt his eyes following me back . 
 i smirked to myself in the mirror as i applied my makeup in the bathroom . 
 he thinks he 's so great . 
 he was great . 
 maybe i am , too . 
 `` ahem . '' 
 the eyeliner flew out of my hand as a face suddenly materialized in my mirror . 
 i glanced to my right and screamed , knocking several tins of makeup off the sink . 
 luke was standing in the doorway , his arms crossed over his chest and a frown plastered over his face . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i shrieked as i bent over to pick them up . 
 `` i could have been naked ! '' 
 `` yes , how horrible that would be , '' he drawled . 
 something had changed between us . 
 i did n't like the accusatory stare in his eyes or the aggressive way he blocked my exit . 
 `` i know what you 're trying to do and i do n't like it , '' he continued . 
 a small shock rippled through my body . 
 he thinks i 'm up to something ? 
 i looked around the room , searching for evidence that i had done something wrong . 
 had i used his hair products against his permission ? 
 bewildered , i threw my hands up . 
 `` i have no idea what you 're - '' `` if you get me to do something with you , you could sue for sexual harassment . '' 
 the accusation stunned me for a moment , then i threw back my head and laughed at how ridiculous that sounded . 
 luke flinched at my laughter echoing in the tiled room . 
 `` that 's the dumbest idea i 've ever heard . 
 you 're already paying me ten grand a month . 
 why would i get greedy ? 
 that 's stupid . '' 
 still shaking with laughter , i shook my head and returned to the mirror to apply my makeup . 
 luke 's frown reflected in the mirror . 
 did he seriously believe that i had an ulterior motive ? 
 `` c'mon , jessica . 
 you just walked around the apartment half-naked . 
 do n't tell me you did n't expect me to notice that . '' 
 i hung my head , my hair falling like a curtain around my face . 
 he was right , of course . 
 but i did n't do it so i could screw him over ! 
 `` who was the one who did it first ? '' 
 i turned around to gaze into luke 's wide eyes . 
 `` i just did the same thing you 've been doing to me all this time . 
 admit it . 
 you like the attention . '' 
 now it was his turn to look surprised . 
 his hand flew to his hair . 
 `` what ? 
 i did n't - '' i knew i should drop it , but i did n't . 
 `` you 've been playing with me . 
 maybe because you like me , but mostly because you like messing around with women . 
 you get off on it . '' 
 i did n't know why i was saying all of this , or why i was suddenly so angry . 
 his wide-eyed refusal to take responsibility rubbed me the wrong way . 
 `` that 's not true , '' he said with an edge in his voice . 
 `` though , i 'll admit that the lines can become a little blurred for me . '' 
 luke looked ashamed . 
 i bit my lip . 
 he 's done so much for me . 
 `` well , me too , '' i said in a thick voice . 
 my cheeks flamed again and i felt frustrated with how little control i had over my body . 
 `` i 'm not faking any of this . '' 
 his eyes gleamed . 
 `` yes , that 's why i picked you . 
 i do n't know why , but i almost believe you when you say that you would n't sue me . '' 
 even with his sad smile , i could n't get over how handsome he looked . 
 i longed to run my fingers through his thick dark hair , and kiss that vein that jumped in his throat . 
 i put my makeup down and faced him . 
 `` is n't it exhausting to constantly be on guard with people ? '' 
 `` jessica , i 've been hurt so many times by people i thought i trusted . 
 virtually everyone has sold a story about me to the press . '' 
 he could n't or would n't trust me , but i could n't hold it against him even though it hurt . 
 i did n't know what it was like to be him . 
 `` can i ask you something personal ? '' 
 without waiting for a response , i asked it anyways : `` are you lonely ? '' 
 he opened his mouth and closed it . 
 he did n't have to answer ; i saw the truth in his eyes . 
 `` yes , '' he said . 
 `` i suppose i 've always been . '' 
 me too . 
 something expanded in my chest and i wanted to reach forward and touch him , but luke backed from the doorway and shut the door . 
 * * * `` can we use the tube ? '' 
 he looked at me with suppressed annoyance . 
 `` we 'll be mobbed if we use the tube . '' 
 `` no , we wo n't ! '' 
 we were already being followed by a silent , creepy group of paparazzi . 
 i held luke 's hand and practically skipped down the streets of london . 
 the sky looked like a thick gray blanket that dropped icy sheets of rain on our heads . 
 luke did his best to keep us dry with his umbrella . 
 the rain did n't dampen my spirits . 
 i 'd probably never get the chance to do walk london 's streets again . 
 `` oh , come on . 
 let 's just use it once . '' 
 i was dying to experience the city like a real londoner . 
 luke sighed in resignation . 
 `` well , fine . '' 
 we quickly descended the steps into the piccadilly tube station . 
 luke shook some change out of his pocket and dumped it into the ticket machine . 
 i took one of the two pieces of paper the machine spat out , then walked through the barrier to the trains . 
 luke took a quick glance at the tube map before pulling me to the right towards the bakerloo line . 
 a slew of tourists and people commuting to work crowded the brick-lined underground . 
 luke smiled to himself as he bounced on his soles . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 he shook his head , still smiling . 
 `` nothing , this just brings back memories . '' 
 across the station , a man photographed us . 
 i casually leaned against luke , who wrapped his arm around my waist automatically . 
 i laid my head against his chest and smiled sweetly as he kissed my head . 
 `` later tonight , i might meet up with an old friend . 
 you 're welcome to come , of course . '' 
 an old friend ? 
 sounds interesting . 
 `` yeah , i 'd like to . '' 
 i lifted my head towards his voice and caught his bottom lip . 
 he squeezed my back so that my breasts were flattened against his chest and i could feel his steady heartbeat , while mine raced . 
 i felt the irritating rush of heat in my chest and i could n't understand how he could remain so calm . 
 we broke our faces apart , but luke still held me against him , looking at me as though i was the only girl in the universe . 
 `` does he know about me ? '' 
 `` he knows that i 'm dating someone . 
 i have n't told anyone about our arrangement , and i plan on keeping it that way . '' 
 i nodded as a rush of wind soared through the tunnel , whipping my hair around . 
 i unglued myself from luke 's chest , and we walked over a line of yellow that demanded we mind the gap . 
 the train was packed with people and we were sandwiched together . 
 i could n't help by laugh a little at the discomfort on luke 's face . 
 `` not used to being pressed up against the common folk , are you ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 he laughed nervously and quickly glanced around at the people surrounding us . 
 `` jessica , '' he whispered . 
 `` someone might hear . '' 
 `` no one heard me . '' 
 `` it 's just a bit awkward . 
 i 'm not used to public transport . '' 
 `` i thought you said you took the metro all the time as a kid . '' 
 `` that was then . '' 
 luke held onto the rail with his sleeves , probably to avoid the layer of germs coating it . 
 `` well , consider it payback for laughing at me on the airplane . '' 
 we transferred to another line and finally arrived at the westminster station . 
 when we climbed out , big ben stood right in front of me like a giant . 
 even in the overcast weather , the tower shined in a dark gold brilliance . 
 i craned my neck to look at the black hands sitting on a white circle surrounded by a golden ring . 
 the parliament building wrapped around big ben . 
 we walked down the street and over the bridge , weaving around tourists to look down at the river thames snaking through the city . 
 a giant ferris wheel was northeast of us . 
 luke leaned over the bridge and watched my fascination with a happy look on his face . 
 `` that 's the london eye , '' he said , pointing to the wheel . 
 `` it 's incredible . '' 
 there was nothing like this where i had grown up . 
 we walked back towards big ben , the snarl of traffic shuddering down the streets , the red double decker busses groaning as they passed us . 
 luke grabbed my arm and pulled me back violently when i almost walked into oncoming traffic . 
 out of habit , i looked left instead of right . 
 `` thanks , '' i said as bright red patches burned my cheeks . 
 `` i 'm not used to it yet . '' 
 `` close call . '' 
 i recognized some of the statues in the parliament square as we walked around it . 
 i noticed a long line of people outside one of the buildings . 
 a large gothic church stood in front of the square with three bold arches covering the three doors . 
 the one in the middle was the largest , and it was where the line formed . 
 `` is that - ? '' 
 `` westminster abbey ? 
 yes . 
 do you want to go inside ? '' 
 i rubbed my hands together and tried to conceal how much i wanted to go . 
 `` well , only if you do n't mind . '' 
 he rolled his eyes at me and pulled my hand . 
 `` c'mon . '' 
 inside the abbey were vaulted ceilings and high arches with so much detail carved into the stone that i could stare at them for hours . 
 every surface was covered with marble busts and memorials . 
 even the floor had them . 
 i squealed in delight when i recognized an author name from my english classes . 
 `` look-charles dickens ! '' 
 luke leaned over and nodded . 
 `` cool , '' he said in a tone of voice that suggested boredom instead of fascination . 
 uniquely decorated chapels tucked into the corners of the abbey were dedicated to different members of royalty . 
 `` you do n't like this stuff , do you ? '' 
 he shrugged as we walked around the choir . 
 `` it 's all right . 
 i 've seen it all before-many times on school trips . 
 i 'm more of a thrill seeker . 
 i like hang-gliding , parasailing , white-water rafting , steeplechase-that sort of thing . '' 
 i never did any of those things . 
 `` what if we went to a soccer match ? '' 
 luke 's face lit up . 
 `` now , you 're talking . 
 do you like the sport ? '' 
 i used to spend my summers with natalie on the same recreational soccer team . 
 her parents paid for the annual fee because there was no way in hell my foster parents would have . 
 `` i used to play a lot when i was younger . 
 i miss it . '' 
 `` well , we should definitely see a match , then . 
 i 'll ask my friend if he would like to join us . '' 
 he had already opened his phone and was searching . 
 wow . 
 i guess we have one thing in common . 
 i mentally praised myself for bringing it up . 
 i watched as his fingers moved rapidly over his smartphone . 
 `` there 's a match today at boleyn ground . 
 it 's west ham versus tottenham hotspur . 
 oh my god , we have to see it . '' 
 `` can you get tickets ? '' 
 he looked at me and smiled as if i had made a joke . 
 well , that answers that . 
 as we walked out of westminster abbey , luke drummed his fingers over his smartphone . 
 `` i have meetings this afternoon , but i 'm pretty sure i 'll be able to make it . 
 i 'll leave early if i have to . 
 i have n't been to a football match in ages . '' 
 luke rubbed his hands together with a manic grin on his face . 
 it was nice to see a gleam of excitement in his eyes instead of his mask of polite amusement . 
 i did n't argue as luke called a cab to take him to work , giving the driver explicit directions to take me wherever i wanted . 
 `` the game starts at three o'clock . 
 best to be there at two-thirty . 
 i 'll call and send a car wherever you are . '' 
 he leaned across the seats and his lips brushed my cheek . 
 when he pulled away , his smile was full of so much warmth that my breath caught in my throat . 
 `` have a good day , jessica . '' 
 luke slid out of the car and gave me a small wave through the window . 
 as soon as he had left the car , i felt the absence of him like a hole in my stomach . 
 i was still looking out the window when the driver cleared his throat . 
 he was staring at me through the rear-view mirror . 
 `` uh-can you take me to the tower of london ? '' 
 * * * breathless , i stepped out of the cab and searched the throng of people for luke . 
 hundreds of people wearing the west ham colors of deep red-purple and blue stood in several security lines outside the stadium . 
 the driver had assured me that luke would be nearby . 
 at last , i looked through a group of red and blue clad men with rosettes attached to their shirts and recognized his profile . 
 luke 's dark hard tilted back with laughter . 
 a good-looking man in his twenties stood beside him , his shoulders bent forward and shaking with mirth . 
 this must be the friend who he was talking about . 
 as if he had heard my thoughts , the man 's eyes rested on me and he gave me a slight nod . 
 luke turned on the spot and a brilliant smile lit his handsome face . 
 i hitched a smile on my face and walked towards him . 
 `` there you are , darling . '' 
 darling ? 
 i laughed despite myself as luke swept me in his arms and his mouth sealed my lips in a brief but heated kiss . 
 for a moment , it made me feel like he actually missed me . 
 he pulled away and slid his arm over my shoulders . 
 oh right , he 's acting again . 
 i gathered up my resolve and prepared myself to talk in a high-pitched voice that most girls seemed to have when reunited with their boyfriends . 
 `` did you enjoy the tower ? '' 
 he asked as he brought me closer to his friend . 
 `` yes , it was pretty good , '' i said flatly . 
 in truth , i was a bit disappointed . 
 the tower was stripped bare of its original furnishings and the replacements did n't look very authentic . 
 it was a bit like visiting disneyland , but i had a nice walk along london bridge . 
 `` jessica , this is my friend brandon i was talking to you about . 
 brandon this is my girlfriend , jessica . '' 
 brandon made a muddled first impression . 
 like luke , the trappings of great wealth were n't lost on him : the prada glasses , the gleaming watch on his wrist , his italian leather shoes . 
 he was n't nearly as handsome or poised , but he had an air of polished dignity that intimidated me . 
 his eyes met mine in a cool , unflinching gaze . 
 from the way he looked at me , it was almost as if he did n't like me . 
 no , it was n't that . 
 maybe it was a lack of trust . 
 `` it 's a pleasure . '' 
 `` nice to meet you . '' 
 `` are you a big football fan ? '' 
 i gave him a small shrug . 
 `` a little bit . 
 i used to play when i was younger . '' 
 i retreated into luke 's comforting embrace and smiled at brandon . 
 `` you ca n't go to england without seeing a football match , right ? '' 
 he nodded solemnly , his eyes still refusing to let go of me . 
 `` too right , '' he said in a thick british accent . 
 glancing at his watch , he made a comical sound . 
 `` ah ! 
 kick off is in ten minutes . 
 let 's get to our seats . '' 
 i could feel luke 's excitement through my body as he stood behind me in the line , his hands ever so slightly moving up the curve of my hips . 
 it was so much more electrifying than a kiss . 
 he rubbed into my flesh in small , hard circles . 
 the paparazzi stood nearby , clicking away at us as i turned around in his arms to lay my head over his chest . 
 i did n't do it because i wanted to give them a show ; i wanted to quiet the desire stirring in my core . 
 as we walked through security and made our way through the stadium buzzing from thousands of horns , it was quickly apparent that luke arranged for front row seats . 
 a sprinkling of navy-blue tottenham supporters were scattered among the hundreds of west ham rosettes , flags , and checkered banners . 
 i reeled back from the fevered energy flowing from the west ham fans , taken aback by their intense , almost violent screaming . 
 after a few minutes , the screaming stopped and i felt their cheers soaring through me as we walked to the seats and looked across the green field . 
 `` would you like a drink , jessica ? '' 
 brandon asked politely . 
 `` yeah , sure . '' 
 `` i 'll get us a few pints . '' 
 `` thanks mate . '' 
 i looked at luke curiously . 
 his accent changed from an american one to one that was slightly british . 
 he raised his eyebrow at me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' i said , smiling . 
 brandon returned with three sopping mugs of dark beer and set one down in front of me . 
 i curled my fingers around the cold plastic and raised the frothy rim to my lips . 
 the beer was thick and full of complex flavors . 
 i smacked my lips in appreciation and wished i had something sweet to contrast the bitterness of the beer . 
 `` the crowd seems a bit crazy . '' 
 a group of west ham supporters behind our row drunkenly slurred a song about bubbles . 
 `` west ham and tottenham hotspur have a huge rivalry . 
 it 's going to be mad . '' 
 brandon smiled knowingly at luke . 
 `` remember that time in liverpool ? 
 they kicked you out of the stadium . '' 
 luke flushed a bright magenta as he took a sip from his beer . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i leaned in closer , thoroughly enjoying the embarrassment shining on his face . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 brandon spoke before luke could get a word in . 
 `` he beat up a couple people . '' 
 `` they deserved it . '' 
 how interesting . 
 `` i never would have guessed you could be such a hooligan . '' 
 luke gave me a roguish wink . 
 the fans behind me continued to sing . 
 `` forever blowing bubbles , pretty bubbles in the air . '' 
 one of them kicked the back of my seat and my beer slopped all over my hands . 
 luke turned around in his seat to glare at them but i took his hand and squeezed it . 
 `` sorry , love . '' 
 the man who had accidentally kicked my seat gave me a toothy grin , his cheeks ruddy from alcohol . 
 `` it 's cool , '' i said as i wiped my hand on the wall . 
 his red-rimmed eyes scanned my clothes and narrowed in suspicion . 
 `` who are you supporting ? '' 
 i was suddenly aware that they were probably drunk enough to fight anyone who was n't supporting their team . 
 `` west ham , '' i said before others could intervene . 
 `` good . '' 
 the fan leaned back into his seat and they resumed the team song . 
 brandon 's shoulders shook with laughter . 
 `` like we 'd say anything different surrounded by this lot . '' 
 at last , the players spilled over the field , and the red and blue fans stood up in unison , letting out earsplitting shrieks and cheers . 
 i clapped my hands over my ears as the fan behind me screamed encouragement to west man and shouted filthy obscenities to the black and white tottenham players . 
 `` sod off , you fucking cunts ! '' 
 the man who had kicked my chair was standing on his seat , gesticulating wildly as he screamed insults . 
 taken aback , i looked at luke and brandon , who did n't seemed perturbed by the filth streaming out of his mouth . 
 maybe it 's a british thing . 
 west ham kicked off and the fast-paced game began . 
 within the first five minutes , the tottenham forwards had passed the ball through west ham 's defense . 
 the right defense sprinted back towards the forward-he was inside the goalie box and everyone around me was screaming , even luke was bellowing something intelligible . 
 and then the tottenham forward stumbled forward and tripped over the west ham defense 's leg , foiling what could have been a goal . 
 the stands were in an uproar as the referee blasted his whistle and ripped out a bright red card , which he held up high . 
 the reaction from the stands was downright frightening . 
 thousands of them stood up to hurl insults at the referee as the player argued with him . 
 i was close enough to see the veins popping out from his neck . 
 `` i do n't understand-what happened ? '' 
 luke 's face was pinched with worry . 
 `` well , the defense tripped the tottenham forward within the goal box , so that 's an automatic red card . 
 they 'll have to play one man short the whole game . '' 
 suddenly , i pitched forward and the rest of my beer spilled on the floor as the fan behind me jostled my seat in his haste to stand up . 
 `` he tripped ! 
 it was a bloody accident , you fucking twat ! '' 
 his voice stabbed my ears with every syllable . 
 he actually hurled his empty beer cup onto the field ; i saw it sail over my head , sprinkling my hair with drops of beer . 
 `` fuck 's sake . '' 
 now i was drenched with beer . 
 within moments , a pair of neon green police officers swarmed over him . 
 i turned around in my seat to watch , feeling a grim satisfaction . 
 serves him right . 
 `` sir , you need to leave the stadium . '' 
 he ripped his elbow out of their grasp and sneered at them . 
 `` piss off . '' 
 apparently , it was the wrong thing to say . 
 each of them grabbed his arms and twisted them behind his back , but now his friends had noticed what was happening and they stood up , shouting at the police . 
 i reflexively grabbed luke 's arm and squeezed ; he was still focused on the game . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he said as he turned around . 
 `` oh . '' 
 i do n't know what it was . 
 maybe the years of living in violent homes had prepared me to spot a volatile event before it happened , but all the hairs on the back of my neck were raised and a voice told me to get out of the stadium as soon as possible . 
 `` luke , we need to leave , '' i said , my grip on his arm was vice-like . 
 `` what ? 
 are you all right ? '' 
 he sounded insulted . 
 i could almost hear his thoughts : leave in the beginning of the match ? 
 are you crazy ? 
 he tried to pull his arm out of my grasp but my fingers bit harder into his flesh . 
 `` no , i 'm not fucking all right . '' 
 brandon wheeled around to join our conversion , his face pulled in a slight frown . 
 my heart raced like a bird beating its wings against a cage . 
 more and more purple-red fans converged together , completely ignoring the game on the stadium , infused with alcohol and rage . 
 the west ham fans in our section stood up in unison , some of them making threatening gestures towards the police . 
 the policemen jostled to the side and they yelled into their radios , fear written all over their faces . 
 then one of the fans grabbed an officer and another one sank his fist into his stomach . 
 the policeman crumpled to his feet and submerged under a wave of furious fans . 
 `` oh , shit . '' 
 suddenly , luke climbed over our seats with a determined look on his face . 
 `` i 'm going to help him . '' 
 i looked at brandon 's stunned face . 
 `` where is he going ? '' 
 is he nuts ? 
 `` luke ! '' 
 i lunged forward and caught his sleeve . 
 `` this is no time for bravado ! '' 
 `` i need to help him , '' he roared at me . 
 brandon leapt over the seats and grabbed luke 's arm . 
 `` mate , listen . 
 you ca n't help him . 
 you 'll get the piss beaten out of you . '' 
 `` luke , '' i screamed when he turned back towards the cop . 
 `` do n't be stupid . 
 you 'll get killed . '' 
 a line of policemen moved down the stands with riot gear . 
 i pointed towards them . 
 `` look , help 's on its way . 
 let 's go . '' 
 the entire situation blew up from a pack of rowdy fans to an all out riot within only a few minutes . 
 i grabbed my purse and climbed over the seats as luke came to his senses . 
 several of the rabid fans were already backing away from the police . 
 bleeding profusely from his nose , the policeman resurfaced and unhooked his baton swinging from his hip . 
 luke 's arm curled around my shoulder as we swept up the stands , desperate to get away . 
 all around us , people were fighting and yelling-there was confusion everywhere . 
 i saw several west ham fans ganging up on a tottenham supporter with broken , sharp pieces of plastic in their hands . 
 luke broke away from me and pulled off a man beating on a crumpled tottenham fan lying down under the seats . 
 they grappled with each other and suddenly fists were flying . 
 bright camera flashes suddenly burned my eyeballs and i glanced towards them , horrified at the group of photographers clicking away . 
 i turned around and tried to block the scene and screamed as luke 's face whipped back with a fierce blow . 
 suddenly , brandon jumped into the fray and pulled him off luke . 
 i slipped off my heels and held one in my hand as a weapon , ready to stab anyone who attacked me with the pointed stiletto . 
 his shirt was ripped and he was bleeding from his mouth . 
 he winced at the bright flashes and held his arm over his eyes . 
 his lips moved to form one word as his eyes widened . 
 `` fuck . '' 
 chapter 7 `` well , you ca n't say it was n't an interesting match , '' said brandon . 
 his cheery voice echoed hollowly in luke 's hotel suite . 
 luke smoldered on the couch , glaring moodily at brandon . 
 `` we did n't even get to half-time . 
 the tickets were two hundred pounds each . '' 
 holy crap . 
 all that money wasted . 
 i sat next to him and stroked his arm . 
 `` yeah , thanks for bringing me to the football game , '' i said in a dry voice . 
 `` i mean , now i can say that i 've been to one . 
 i 'll never forget the experience . '' 
 for a moment , brandon 's eyes met mine and he looked like he wanted to laugh , but he quickly looked away . 
 `` you do n't have to be so sarcastic , '' luke said , glowering at me . 
 he suddenly covered his eyes with one hand and rubbed the bridge of his nose . 
 `` they took photos of me fighting . 
 i ca n't wait to see the headlines . '' 
 suddenly , i remembered what it was that we were doing and that his father would almost certainly see photos of luke fighting with the west ham fan . 
 i sobered instantly and squeezed luke 's hand . 
 `` alright , well , i 'll let you get patched up and maybe later we can meet up . '' 
 `` yeah , maybe . '' 
 i stood up and took brandon 's hand . 
 i wished that he would stop looking at me with that calculating look . 
 `` see you later . '' 
 `` it was lovely meeting you . '' 
 he gave me a swift smile and then he swept from the room . 
 i did n't move until i heard the elevator door chime . 
 my bare feet turned on the slick marble floor and i gazed around at the stunning suite . 
 i had to suppress a wide grin as i took it all in . 
 we might 've hit a snag at the football match , but so what ? 
 it was the most exciting day of my life . 
 all day i walked around sightseeing and i was having the best time of my life , but luke was n't . 
 `` i 'm glad that you think this is funny , '' he said in a dour voice . 
 my face fell as i noticed his face flushed with humiliation and anger . 
 `` i 'm not laughing at you . 
 i 'm just really happy here . 
 i really want to thank you so much for everything . '' 
 he did n't say anything , but his eyes softened slightly . 
 i rejoined luke on the white leather couch . 
 he was still holding the icepack on his face . 
 his hand was white with cold and a wave of sympathy rippled through me . 
 `` here , let me take it , '' i said , placing my hand on his icepack . 
 the goose bumps on my arm were raised as i inched closer to him . 
 our faces were close and he was looking at me with his hard , blue eyes that always made me feel vulnerable . 
 `` your friend does n't seem to like me very much . '' 
 `` he 's just suspicious . 
 usually the girls i 'm with are gold diggers . '' 
 that took me aback . 
 `` do i look like a gold digger ? '' 
 his shoulder shrugged under my hand . 
 `` no . 
 you do n't act like one , either . 
 that 's probably why he 's confused . '' 
 `` he 's going to figure this out . 
 he 's going to realize it 's all a sham . '' 
 there was a sharp , painful feeling in my chest as i said it . 
 none of this felt fake . 
 i looked at his face , trying to register his feelings . 
 i wanted him to say something . 
 before i could stop myself , my hand flew to his hair and i began to brush the dark strands off his forehead . 
 he closed his eyes and sighed , his neck craning over the couch as his shoulder sagged . 
 `` i 'm worried about my father . 
 he 's going to get the wrong idea from those photos because i used to get into fights at football matches . '' 
 the fact that poised , dignified luke would do something so pedestrian made me want to laugh . 
 the two images clashed horribly . 
 it did n't make sense . 
 it was like seeing the queen of england throwing back a pint at a dive bar . 
 `` maybe you should call him now and explain it all before it 's in the papers . '' 
 luke made a dissenting sound . 
 `` it 'll just make it worse if i bring attention to it . '' 
 his eyes opened and blazed with intensity . 
 `` i do n't have to explain myself to him . '' 
 i just kept stroking his hair , dragging my fingertips across his scalp . 
 `` i 'm going to take the icepack off for a few minutes . '' 
 i set the icepack on the coffee table and smiled at luke 's grumpy expression . 
 i leaned in slightly , my hair falling like a curtain between our faces as i gave him a kiss on his frozen cheek . 
 his skin was so cold that it burned my lips . 
 the blue eyes watched me carefully as i leaned back and resumed my stroking of his hair . 
 `` why are you doing this ? '' 
 his voice was as cold as his skin . 
 `` you know , not everyone has an ulterior motive revolving around screwing you over . '' 
 `` not in my world . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` do you know how rare it is for someone to approach me without expecting something in return ? '' 
 i would , i thought fervently as a dull longing throbbed inside my chest . 
 i would never take advantage of you , ever . 
 `` you do n't give people a chance . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` luke , the first night we met you shoved a nda in my face . '' 
 he looked bewildered . 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` so , if you do that with everyone you meet , you 're never going to be able to trust anyone . 
 sometimes , you have to take a risk to get what you want . '' 
 i spoke more about myself than him . 
 my cheeks went a bit pink as luke gave me a shrewd look . 
 `` i was always afraid of men . 
 well , ever since my childhood . 
 being alone with men made me panic , so i never dated . 
 i never had boyfriends . 
 i just avoided the whole thing , even though a part of me was desperately lonely . 
 even though it was n't reasonable . '' 
 i looked at him directly . 
 `` just like it 's not reasonable to make everyone you know sign a nda . '' 
 he sighed and waved me off . 
 `` for all i know , this is just part of your con . '' 
 `` you 're the one who interviewed my foster parents , '' i said in a shaking voice . 
 `` i 'm not lying about that . 
 i 've had a lot of bad experiences , luke . 
 they warped my perception of people , just like yours have . 
 a part of me knows that they ruined me . '' 
 heat flushed under my skin and my hand fell from luke 's neck to clench into a fist at my side . 
 i hated what they had done to me . 
 they did ruin me . 
 look at me . 
 i 'm with this gorgeous man because he 's paying me , because i 'm too fucked in the head to find something real . 
 i could n't look at luke anymore and i dropped my face into my hands . 
 my face was screwed up in pain , fighting against the pressure building up behind my eyes . 
 his thigh bumped against my leg as he slid closer to me and began rubbing my back . 
 `` sometimes , i feel like that , too . 
 whenever he 'd visit , he never had anything to say to me that was n't a criticism . '' 
 i cringed against the heat in his voice , even though it was n't directed towards me . 
 `` even now , he calls me up to complain about everything : from the women i date to my management style to whatever the hell he notices in the press . 
 it 's his fault that my mother killed herself . 
 you 're not ruined , jessica . 
 you ca n't think of yourself as a victim . 
 it 's not healthy . '' 
 his hand on my back reminded me that there were people in the world who cared about me , and the fact that his voice was n't full of pity made me feel a bit better . 
 his hands curled around my shoulders and i allowed myself to be lifted up . 
 he steered me into his arms and i collapsed into his warm strength , allowing myself to feel better . 
 i still felt a pang of self-pity . 
 no matter how genuine luke seemed , i was just a means to an end . 
 he needed me to protect his money . 
 maybe he felt something for me , but he would never trust me . 
 `` i am really lonely . '' 
 i said it in such a low voice that i did n't think he would hear . 
 my chest tightened with this embarrassing admission , but i had already told him things that i had never told anyone before . 
 why ? 
 i tried to search for an answer , but all i could come up with was that we both seemed to be running away from things in our past . 
 even though we were from two completely different worlds , i had a lot in common with him . 
 when i pressed myself against his chest and felt his heart pounding against mine , it was easy to forget that this was an arrangement . 
 `` me too . '' 
 i was startled at the emotion cracking through his voice . 
 i looked up and he seized my head , almost forcing his lips over mine . 
 i fell backwards onto the couch and gasped as his heavy weight fell over me . 
 i was registering nothing but shock . 
 holy crap , what 's happening ? 
 my heart was pounding somewhere in my throat , all of my ills forgotten . 
 all i could focus on was the sharp contours of luke 's body over mine , his mouth hungrily devouring every inch of my flesh as he kissed a hot trail down my throat . 
 i heard myself murmur a small oath as his lips and tongue brushed hotly over the top of my breast . 
 a small moan ripped through me as he teased the delicate flesh , sending sharp , electrical signals down my body . 
 i was amazed at how strong the response was in my body ; it was jarring . 
 my fingers were tangled in his dark head , roaming up and down his lean back . 
 he let out a small moan as he pulled back from my body , teasing the buttons of my blouse out of their holes one by one . 
 `` god , you are incredible . '' 
 i said nothing . 
 i could n't speak-i was confused . 
 desire and fear were mingling together in a whirlwind of emotion , crashing against my ribcage like an animal clawing to get out . 
 i want him , but am i ready for this ? 
 an impatient voice inside me told me to shut the hell up . 
 his face had that sort of drowsy look , infused with lust . 
 i sat up and allowed my shirt to roll off my shoulders . 
 every sound was amplified and it dropped to the ground with a harsh whisper . 
 i shivered slightly in the cold , wanting and not wanting him . 
 under my jeans i felt the bulge of his erection , livid against my thigh . 
 the roar of my blood pounding in my ears was deafening . 
 i wanted him to go further . 
 i wanted to feel his hands all over my naked flesh . 
 i thought of his hands moving inside the waistband of my jeans and his fingers curving into my wetness and my stomach trembled . 
 my legs moved on either side of his waist . 
 he groaned and leaned forward , his lips plucking my breast and his fingers scraping my shoulders , the thin bra straps drooping down my arms . 
 with every kiss , i was being healed . 
 it was as though luke was reaching inside my core and mending my pieces back together . 
 why did i wait this long ? 
 this feels so good . 
 `` dammit , '' he hissed as pulled back from me as though he was burned . 
 `` this is n't right . '' 
 it was like falling into an ice bath , and the wonderful , euphoric feeling dissipated like gas . 
 `` what ? '' 
 his face was hot and bothered , his lips still slightly swollen . 
 he held my face in his hands very gently and stroked my cheek with his thumb . 
 `` i really , really want to , jessica . 
 but it 's not right . 
 you 're an employee . '' 
 `` to hell with that ! 
 i want this , too . '' 
 he shook his head resignedly and moved away from me . 
 i think he wanted to distance himself as much as possible . 
 `` i need to do something - '' he leapt up from the couch , clearly terrified by how close he had come to losing control . 
 luke dashed out of sight and i was left with the searing heat of his hands all over my flesh , slowly fading away . 
 * * * luke pardini caught in football match brawl under the bold headline was a rather impressive photo of luke clocking the west ham supporter with a terrific right hook . 
 years of boozing finally seems to be catching up to young luke pardini , as he was caught fighting a west ham supporter earlier today at boleyn ground . 
 not wanting to read anymore , i set down brandon 's smart phone . 
 luke leaned back into his chair and his cheeks filled with air , looking like he was past caring about anything at all . 
 a small bruise bloomed on his cheek , but i managed to cover most of the damage using my makeup . 
 i did n't forget about what happened earlier . 
 i could barely pay attention to the conversation ; my mind kept obsessing over how amazing luke 's tongue had felt and how close we had come towards really hot sex . 
 i felt my chest burn in precisely the same area where his lips had sucked my breast . 
 i clenched my fists under the table . 
 luke gave no impression that he was thinking of the same thing . 
 he raised an eyebrow at me , probably wondering why i was staring at him . 
 `` whatever happens , happens , '' he said dully as the waiter set down three dripping mugs of cider in front of us . 
 `` cheers , '' brandon said to the waiter . 
 he swiveled his concerned gaze to luke , who picked up his mug and gulped it down . 
 i looked down at the golden liquid and took a sip . 
 it was wonderfully crisp and light , like apple juice but not as sweet , with a slight kick of alcohol . 
 this will go great with the pie . 
 we were in a tavern in london that apparently made great savory pies . 
 i had the impression that this was one of luke 's favorite spots to eat in london , and that brandon was on a mission to cheer him up . 
 it 's time to change tact . 
 `` how did you two become friends ? '' 
 a slow smile spread across brandon 's face . 
 `` well , we went to the same boarding school . 
 we were in the same year and both of us had an affinity for pokemon cards . 
 we used to play all the time . '' 
 i snorted into my cider and even luke smiled apologetically . 
 `` that 's so weird . 
 i did the same thing with my best friend , natalie . 
 we did n't have the cards , though . 
 we just played on our gameboys . '' 
 `` we also played dungeons and dragons . '' 
 this time , i could n't stop myself from laughing . 
 `` oh my god . 
 that 's so nerdy . '' 
 i gave luke a playful swat on his leg . 
 `` this is the kind of juicy gossip i would expect on a tabloid . 
 it 's a lot more shocking than reading about you punching out someone . 
 dungeons and dragons ! '' 
 he gave me a thin smile and zeroed in on me . 
 `` how did you both meet ? '' 
 my insides froze as i tried not to glance at luke . 
 well , shit . 
 we had never come up with a rehearsed plan and my brain moved rapidly , trying to think of a quick , believable lie . 
 fuck ! 
 `` it was a support group , '' i blurted . 
 `` f-for people with abusive parents . '' 
 a stunned silence followed my words and my face radiated heat . 
 oh , god . 
 why did i say that ? 
 i clutched luke 's hand under the table and winced at the force of his fingers wrapped around my palm . 
 i desperately hoped that my utter fear would be seen as humiliation from admitting something so private . 
 luke 's going to kill me . 
 brandon was a gentleman to his core . 
 if he felt any sort of stunned disbelief , he kept it to himself . 
 nothing showed on his face except polite interest . 
 `` that 's really , well - '' `` yeah , '' i said too quickly . 
 `` we just started talking and we realized that we had so much in common . '' 
 i gave luke a quick glance . 
 he wore an expression appropriate to being clubbed over the head . 
 `` i 'm sorry , baby . 
 i know you like to keep these things private , but i figured that since brandon was an old friend , it would be fine . '' 
 `` it is fine , '' he said in a voice that implied otherwise . 
 i grimaced at brandon , who almost looked sorry for me . 
 `` i just do n't know what to tell people when they ask , you know ? 
 i 'm just a normal person from the bay area . 
 lots of people look at me and him and they do n't really get it . '' 
 luke stood up abruptly and my hand slipped from his grasp . 
 he gave me one look of extreme disapproval before announcing that he was going to the loo . 
 `` oh , shit , '' i whispered as luke stormed from the table and i hid myself in my hands . 
 `` he 's going to be so mad at me . '' 
 brandon awkwardly patted me on the back , but when i looked up his face was full of sympathy for me . 
 the pain twisting my guts loosened slightly . 
 `` luke 's a pretty private person , but i 'm really glad he 's going to this support group with you . 
 he really needs it . 
 do n't tell him i said that , '' he added . 
 `` no , of course not . '' 
 guilt squirmed inside me . 
 even his friends could see how badly his father was tormenting him . 
 `` he 's always been a great friend , but he 's never really been very happy . 
 it 's hard to when you have a dad like his . '' 
 i was n't sure if i should be talking to brandon like this , but i could n't resist . 
 `` maybe it runs in the family , '' i said , thinking of his mother 's suicide . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 'm just glad he has someone who has gone through the same thing . 
 he 's my best mate and i want him to be happy . 
 i 'm sorry if i came off a bit standoffish when we first met ; i was n't sure about you . 
 a lot of girls are usually only with him for the money , but you 're not like any of the girls he 's been with . '' 
 the guilty feeling in my stomach doubled and i half-heartedly returned his beaming smile . 
 i am with him for the money-sort of . 
 i did n't like lying to him , and i battled an overwhelming urge to confess and tell him the whole truth . 
 he would n't tell anyone . 
 my fingers moved restlessly around the glass mug . 
 luke would be very upset . 
 i stamped down on my urge to tell brandon and looked down . 
 for the first time , i felt really guilty about this whole arrangement . 
 how many people would i have to lie to ? 
 i hoped that they were n't as nice as brandon . 
 `` what 's his father like ? '' 
 `` i 've only seen him a few times , really . 
 to me , he seemed polite . 
 maybe a bit cold . 
 that 's quite normal , though . 
 i know everything about him through what luke has told me , and he has told me some terrible things . 
 it 's not just him , though . 
 it 's the cousins and his uncle . 
 they all want a piece of luke 's inheritance and they 'll do anything to get it . '' 
 my fingers were white around the handle of the mug . 
 `` ca n't he get power of attorney over his father ? '' 
 brandon shook his head . 
 what a mess , i thought . 
 part of me wondered whether it would be such a horrible thing if luke 's father wrote him out of his will . 
 sure , he 'd lose his inheritance , but did n't he have a great deal of money in his bank account already ? 
 did n't he have millions of dollars worth of property ? 
 how many millions does one need , anyways ? 
 at least he 'd be out of his father 's influence for good , and he would never have to stress about his family trying to usurp his inheritance . 
 `` would it be the worst thing in the world if he lost it ? 
 would n't it be good to be out of his father 's hair once and for all ? '' 
 he stared at me with a shocked expression as if i had suggested that we boil luke 's head . 
 `` what-give up his legacy ? 
 are you mad ? '' 
 i shrugged and my face went a bit pink . 
 `` it 's just-i would be happy with a million dollars . 
 why does anyone really need that much money ? '' 
 `` it 's not about the money . '' 
 bullshit . 
 i rolled my eyes at him . 
 `` it 's totally about the money . 
 look , i understand . 
 losing that kind of money would make anyone crazy . '' 
 `` it 's not about the money . 
 it 's his inheritance . 
 he deserves it . 
 he 's earned it . 
 the money might go to people who do n't deserve it , who are n't even affiliated with the company at all . '' 
 despite his assurances to the opposite , i still did n't think luke would be as motivated if his inheritance was a few thousand dollars . 
 how does one earn five billion dollars ? 
 you ca n't . 
 mr. pardini could do whatever he wanted with his money . 
 still , it was an asshole move to deliberately shove your only son out , especially when he had worked so hard his whole life for his father 's approval . 
 hell , who am i kidding ? 
 he does deserve it . 
 luke worked his whole life expecting to take his father 's mantle . 
 to have it ripped out of his hands when this line of work was the only one he knew would be downright cruel . 
 at that moment , luke decided to rejoin us at the table and i sat tight-lipped , avoiding his gaze . 
 the waitress brought us three steaming pies surrounded by mashed potatoes and a moat of gravy and i soon forgot everything i was worried about . 
 brandon laughed at me as i sighed in ecstasy with each bite . 
 the steak and ale pie was dripping with decadence ; the meat had been slow-cooked for hours so that it fell apart and melted in my mouth . 
 the gravy mingling with the mustard seed mashed potatoes was delicious and i devoured it quickly , burning my tongue in the process . 
 after we finished , we sat for a while and enjoyed the peace of a warm , full belly . 
 brandon patted his full stomach and stood up to leave . 
 `` should probably get going . '' 
 `` i hope i see you again , '' i said , shaking his hand . 
 `` likewise . '' 
 i do n't know why , but i felt as though i made a lifelong friend . 
 i could n't say why i thought this , but we had reached a sort of mutual understanding through both of our attempts to help luke . 
 i did want to help him in any way i could , even if there was n't any money involved . 
 luke stepped forward to grasp brandon in a one-armed hug and then he turned to me as brandon left the pub . 
 i could n't read his face . 
 `` luke , i 'm really sorry . 
 i did n't know what to say - '' `` do n't be sorry . 
 that was brilliant , even if it was a bit mortifying . '' 
 my cheeks flushed at his praise and they burned even brighter when he smiled at me . 
 * * * over the next couple weeks , luke made a point to avoid staying too long with me in the same room and i was left alone for hours while he went to work . 
 it was n't too terrible . 
 i used the money i earned to travel across england , but it was quite lonely . 
 i visited york by train , refusing to accept luke 's offers of a hired car to take me there . 
 i visited york minster abbey and marveled at the gothic splendor . 
 i climbed the abbey 's spiral staircase-hundreds of stairs that led to a narrow passage along the abbey 's wall , to another series of steps that finally brought me to the roof . 
 the view was fantastic ; i could see the whole town and the castle walls sprawling around the town , encasing hundreds of red-thatched roofs and neat trees . 
 when i left the abbey , i just walked around the medieval town and climbed the ramparts , wishing that i had someone-anyone to experience it with . 
 on the weekends , luke and i went out together on dates . 
 we kissed in front of paparazzi , we made out in park benches , and we took trains to bath , oxford , to the lake district . 
 the sexual tension between us was as taut as a tightrope , trembling , ready to snap . 
 it all felt so damn real , but every time we returned to the hotel , luke acted cold and distant . 
 he separated himself from me the moment we stepped inside , as though he could n't wait to be rid of me . 
 there was an aching hole inside my chest . 
 even though i was traveling the uk and doing the things i always wanted to , i was absolutely miserable . 
 i no longer enjoyed going out with him-he made me feel even lonelier than i did when i walked alone . 
 there were times when i thought luke could sense my simmering emotions . 
 i dropped his hand before we entered the hotel and luke gave me a sidelong glance , which i ignored . 
 i entered the hotel room and watched him check his phone . 
 i gazed at his hands , lips , and face . 
 i was always holding his hand , feeling his gentle caresses-i felt his body all the time , and yet i longed for him because i knew that his heart was n't really into it . 
 he was just going through the motions . 
 whenever he touched me , it was like a solar flare in my body . 
 i was paralyzed and giddy , and then he would push me aside the moment we were alone and i felt ugly . 
 unwanted . 
 i was enamored with him , but he could care less . 
 i would never let him see how upset i was . 
 my insides were bursting with the need to tell him how i felt . 
 just tell him . 
 you have nothing to lose . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 `` luke ? '' 
 `` hm ? '' 
 `` i ca n't take this anymore . '' 
 i looked up as the elevator lights beamed with the sixth floor . 
 i opened my eyes again while luke looked at me with a puzzled expression . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 luke sucked in his breath as i closed in on him . 
 i was close enough to see the vein jumping in his throat . 
 `` i ca n't go on kissing you every day and acting like it means nothing to me . 
 i want you . 
 i have feelings for you . 
 i ca n't just switch them off , it 's driving me crazy . '' 
 he finally looked up from his phone , his mouth parted . 
 `` jessica , i 'm just - '' sadness billowed around me like a cloud . 
 i turned away from him and faced the wall . 
 `` fine . '' 
 a heavy weight settled on my shoulder . 
 his abdomen bumped into my back and i tried to stamp down the swell inside my heart . 
 his fingers brushed aside the strands of hair on my naked shoulder , and just that was enough to make the heat between my legs blaze into a forest fire . 
 `` you never let me finish , '' he breathed . 
 i turned around and he looked at me with a lopsided smirk . 
 i hated that . 
 he bent his head . 
 his hands fell on my head and his lips seared against mine in a slow , long kiss . 
 i moaned into him and his tongue slipped inside , flicking my tongue as if his head was between my legs . 
 as i imagined that , my hands slid around his back and clenched over his ass . 
 `` is this what you want ? '' 
 he asked in a heated whisper when he broke the kiss . 
 i glared at him , angry with him and at myself for allowing him to get to me so easily . 
 `` do n't toy with me . '' 
 `` i 'm not toying with you . 
 do you think this is easy for me ? '' 
 my cheeks burned as he grabbed my breast and pinched my nipple . 
 `` you make me feel lonely . 
 like i 'm unwanted . 
 ca n't we be friends , at least ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i was just trying to keep my distance . '' 
 he did n't seem to care about distance anymore . 
 i gasped as he unzipped my pants and pulled my panties down . 
 `` luke ! 
 they might be recording-we 're in an elevator for crissakes . '' 
 i looked at him in amazement . 
 what had i done to get him so excited ? 
 `` so ? 
 i love that you 're so blunt . 
 straight to the point . 
 you 're unlike any girl i 've ever met . '' 
 my emotions felt like a ping-pong match . 
 how does he do this to me ? 
 he cupped my mound with his palm , which was soaking wet with my arousal . 
 he dipped into me with his finger , watching my face transform with a satisfied smirk . 
 `` luke . '' 
 `` that 's it , '' he whispered . 
 `` i want to get you off . '' 
 there were two fingers inside me now , pumping inside my wet walls . 
 i clenched myself around him and seized luke 's head , burying my tongue in his mouth . 
 he kept the same steady rhythm , his fingers curling into the spot that made me moan out loud . 
 it was increasing and i felt my stomach clench as luke pushed me towards my breaking point . 
 i cried out and felt my core contracting around his fingers as he plunged them in hard one last time . 
 the elevator doors opened to our floor and luke slid his wet fingers out of me . 
 i saw the bulge in front of his pants and knew that he wanted to bury himself inside me . 
 but he would n't . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i ca n't , jessica , but i want to . '' 
 * * * weeks passed and luke 's father kept an unsettling silence . 
 returning from work one day , luke paced the hotel suite , repeatedly asking me if anyone called . 
 things between us were tense lately due to the fact that luke and i could n't have sex despite the fact that we desperately wanted it . 
 `` why has n't he called ? '' 
 he repeated over and over as he loosened the tie from his neck and began unbuttoning his shirt . 
 i watched him anxiously , my eyes flicking from the toned skin peeking out from his shirt to his eyes . 
 i did n't know what to tell him . 
 `` he 'll call . 
 maybe he 's busy . '' 
 i knew that my assurances meant nothing to him , but i did n't know what else to do . 
 luke looked at me with a bit of heat in his gaze as he ripped off his shirt and threw it on the floor . 
 `` he 's busy harassing the nurses , i 'm sure . 
 this is just another way for him to screw with me . '' 
 an ostentatiously loud ringing filled the hotel suite and luke stood shock still . 
 it was coming from the office . 
 wow , that 's creepy . 
 he stared at me `` well , answer it ! '' 
 i yelled as the second ring jarred the air . 
 he sprinted towards the office and i followed swiftly , hanging awkwardly near the door , which luke left ajar . 
 should i stay here ? 
 `` luke pardini , '' he answered in a tight voice . 
 i peeked inside and saw luke hunched over the desk , shirtless , looking as though he wanted to throw up . 
 he saw me looking and pressed the speakerphone button . 
 `` hello , luke , '' said a wizened , male voice . 
 `` i see that you 've been very busy this past few weeks . 
 a new girlfriend and a drunken brawl already ? '' 
 `` hi dad , '' he said in a grim voice . 
 `` i was n't drunk . 
 i was trying to help someone and - '' `` i 'm not interested in hearing your excuses . 
 i 'm more interested about the girl . 
 she does n't look like the tarts you usually date . '' 
 i yanked my necklace chain against my skin . 
 `` well , her name is jessica . '' 
 luke gave me a worried look . 
 `` she has a ba in english - '' `` useless degree . 
 what else ? '' 
 a ripple of anger went through me . 
 useless ? 
 well , i had heard it before . 
 `` she-um , she volunteers at a soup kitchen every week and wants a job in editing . '' 
 `` how quaint . '' 
 i was astounded at how demeaning he could sound in the few words that he spoke . 
 the speaker of the phone let out a garbled sigh . 
 `` luke , i called because i 'm removing you from vp of acquisitions for a few weeks . '' 
 luke 's shout of rage was enough the make the walls tremble . 
 `` you 're what ? '' 
 `` i ca n't afford to get any more bad press on the company . 
 you do know that you 're a magnet for it , right ? 
 i do n't know why you like to make my life so difficult . '' 
 `` dad , you ca n't believe everything you read in the press ! '' 
 the explosion of rage that erupted from the speaker made me back away . 
 `` do you think it matters to the shareholders ? 
 what about the board members ? 
 they see you as a loose cannon . 
 you 've attracted so much negative attention to the company and i do not want anything getting in the way of the hilton merger . 
 i am sick and tired of our name being dragged through the mud because you ca n't fucking grow up ! '' 
 `` then you can say good-bye to the multi-million dollar deal i just made in san francisco ! '' 
 the voice screaming through the speakerphone suddenly drew a sharp breath and began a violent coughing fit . 
 when the voice recovered , his tone was shrewd . 
 `` what deal ? '' 
 `` i did n't tell you , but i discovered a bed and breakfast chain in the city with high profit margins and cut them a deal . 
 they 're all over california , and we have plans to expand to oregon and nevada . 
 it will net us an annual thirty million dollars . 
 i was going to tell you when it was finalized . '' 
 i almost winced at the unspoken plea in luke 's voice : i wanted to impress you , dad . 
 `` what will make me happy is having a son that does n't shame me and the name he was born into . 
 when are you visiting me ? '' 
 luke did n't bother answering back . 
 he smashed his fist down and ended the call , making the phone bounce off the table . 
 he bent over and picked up the phone . 
 he grunted as he hurled the machine at the glass , but the phone was one of those expensive , well-constructed , sleek models and it did n't break . 
 `` luke , stop ! '' 
 he yelled at the fallen phone . 
 his screams seemed to be a combination of insults and unintelligible outbursts of sheer rage . 
 i never saw him lose complete control like this . 
 i tiptoed towards him , ripping back my hand as i approached him . 
 i was scared that if i touched him , he would whirl around and unleash some of his rage on me . 
 he kicked the phone across the room and paced in front of the glass , refusing to turn around . 
 `` luke ! '' 
 he slammed his fist into the glass and crushed his hand . 
 i saw his dark reflection in the glass and his lips were parted as if he had just finished a thoroughly exhausting run . 
 `` i hate him , '' he whispered into the glass . 
 my heart constricted painfully . 
 i knew what it was like to be bullied by a parental figure . 
 when my foster parents were n't threatening me with violence , they would utter snide comments about everything i did , always comparing me to their perfect son , vincent . 
 i placed my hand on his trembling shoulder and i took it as a good sign that he did n't throw my hand off . 
 i spread my fingers like a starfish and stroked his shoulder . 
 when he did n't protest , i lifted my other hand and did the same to the other side . 
 i crept up behind him and tentatively curled my hands around the firm muscles of his abdomen . 
 luke 's body leaned against mine . 
 my heartbeat was almost painful . 
 maybe i should say something . 
 `` i 'm sorry that you have a jerk father . '' 
 luke took one of my hands inside his and i felt a swift flare of attraction as he traced lines in my palm . 
 `` i think he wants to drive me to commit suicide like he did with my mom . '' 
 my chest froze as i digested this . 
 it was too horrible to consider . 
 no , that 's too much . 
 it ca n't be true . 
 `` no , '' i said quickly . 
 `` i think he 's just cranky from his illness and he 's pissed that you wo n't visit him and he wants to hurt you . 
 if you died , he would n't have anyone left to bully . '' 
 he turned around in my arms and looked at me down his straight nose . 
 `` hell , maybe you 're right . '' 
 still , his hollowed eyes were shining with years of tortured anguish . 
 deep down , he was still a little boy desperate for his father 's approval and some scrap of affection . 
 he knew he would never get it . 
 he was a man without love or guidance , and he looked utterly lost . 
 my eyes burned as tears slowly welled up . 
 i had no one to look up to when i was growing up . 
 i was n't very close with natalie 's family . 
 after i turned seventeen , i left my foster parents to live in a group home for a couple years . 
 they were two dark years fueled by drugs and alcohol . 
 though i had escaped my abusers , the nightmares , the pain , and the panic attacks refused to go away . 
 it was either drugs or a noose . 
 i needed something to take it away . 
 they made me go to rehab when they found out i was hooked on painkillers , and when i finished the program , natalie insisted that i move in with her . 
 i remembered sitting in the car with her , my stomach feeling strangely empty as if i had vomited for hours . 
 i sat in that car with no fucking idea what i was supposed to do with my life . 
 i had absolutely no one to ask for advice , no idea what to do or what i wanted . 
 i just copied what natalie was doing and applied to the same college she planned to attend . 
 luke did the same thing . 
 he still did n't move from me , the same resigned expression on his face that i knew deeply . 
 his lips pulled into a bitter , half-smile and he shrugged his shoulders . 
 suddenly , i knew from the bottom of my heart that this would end badly . 
 we were two damaged souls and together we were a self-destructive entity . 
 the suggestion to drink ourselves into oblivion was hanging on my lips . 
 but he moved in closer before i could speak . 
 `` i need to feel good about something . '' 
 his lips came crashing down on mine and i responded with a fervor that made his back slam against the glass wall . 
 it was probably our first real kiss , not borne out of a desire to present an image to the press , but borne out of a visceral need to feel better . 
 i needed him . 
 i needed his closeness , his naked chest writhing over mine , and his lips and tongue fondling my breast . 
 i moaned into his mouth as his hands slid underneath my shirt and groped my breasts , his thumbs slipped under my bra and grazed my flesh , flicking my erect nipples . 
 luke 's mouth pulled away only to lift my shirt from my head , and then his lips were sealed against mine once again , his hot hands wrapped around my back to search for the clasp of my bra . 
 it snapped away with one twist of his fingers and i felt the shock of the cold stinging my nipples . 
 luke closed the space between us and kissed my neck . 
 my head tilted back and i let myself dissolve into the ecstasy that was his lips and tongue . 
 his fingertips ran up and down my body , running up the small of my back and along the curve of my breasts . 
 then his hands began to tease the waistband of my jeans , slipping his fingers through to stroke the very top of my ass , curving around my hip bones and slipping down the thin fabric of my panties . 
 his middle finger stroked my mound in a circular motion , both of us breathing hard . 
 the familiar feeling of desire and fear reared up again , but i knew i was safe with luke and it all felt so incredible . 
 i reached down and unzipped my jeans and luke bent down slightly to pull my jeans and panties down my legs . 
 i wrapped my arms around myself , now completely exposed , and gazed at luke with a little bit of fear . 
 he sighed in pained voice . 
 `` you are so gorgeous and i want you so badly , but - '' '' - no . '' 
 i covered his lips with my hand and his blue eyes cut through me . 
 `` please , do n't . 
 i need this , too . '' 
 my head was ringing . 
 i was stark naked in luke pardini 's hotel suite , overlooking the night sky of london in his office . 
 perhaps i was dreaming . 
 he nodded at me and i uncovered his lips . 
 `` ok , then . '' 
 he grinned as he suddenly swept me into his arms and i yelped as i was lifted into the air . 
 luke sat down in the office chair with my body in his arms . 
 i was curled over his legs and chest . 
 i liked it . 
 it was much more intimate . 
 his erection was like a rock under my legs and i felt a stab in my chest , but he leaned over and kissed me , stifling my violent vortex of thoughts . 
 then he kissed my neck and then my breast , until finally his tongue went for the kill and sucked my puckered nipple until it was raw . 
 i moaned his name and wrapped my arms around his head , tugging at his dark locks as he sucked and tongued . 
 his other hand groped down my hips , searching for the damp heat between my legs . 
 his fingers found my slit and he rubbed the ridge of his middle finger up and down ; i was so wet that i could hear myself all over his hands . 
 everything condensed to just us ; the external sounds disappeared and the background seemed to fall away like in a dream . 
 his body was lean and hard , full of a powerful desire for me . 
 he was like a furnace , chasing away every wisp of cold that clung to my skin . 
 he stroked a finger inside me , curving it and striking just the right spot with the tip of his finger . 
 i bucked my hips and cried out as pleasure bloomed all over my body . 
 every thought was consumed by pleasure . 
 i cried out for more , but luke smiled patiently and resumed his careful rhythm . 
 i gripped his head and forced his lips over mine . 
 his finger slipped out and i felt him pull back as he looked at me seriously . 
 `` jessica , you only need to say so and we 'll stop right now . '' 
 `` no , do n't stop . 
 do n't ever stop . '' 
 all common sense flew out the window . 
 who cared if he paid me ? 
 my body was screaming for him . 
 my hands moved across his thighs and felt his hardness like an iron rod in his slacks . 
 i unzipped his pants and he fell into my hands , thick and heavy . 
 luke 's briefs slid to the floor as i straddled his trim waist , my breast throbbing with my heartbeat . 
 `` wait . '' 
 he grabbed a little square packet from what seemed like nowhere and ripped it open , rolling the thin latex over his throbbing member . 
 then he looked at me , not moving a muscle . 
 it was all up to me , then . 
 i felt a surge of-i do n't know what-freedom ? 
 for the first time , i had complete control . 
 he was giving it to me . 
 i raised my hips over his thick thighs and sunk downwards . 
 then his hips pressed upwards and he was spearing me , splitting me open . 
 i gripped his hair so hard that he grunted in pain . 
 it was painful-shocking , almost as if i was a virgin again . 
 for what seemed like forever , i slowly sank down , gradually admitting more of him inside me as my walls parted . 
 `` jessica , '' he moaned against my breast , his cavernous mouth opening to swallow my breast . 
 heat exploded over my skin . 
 god , he felt good . 
 i slowly raised my hips , feeling his cock sliding out before i plummeted back down , so suddenly that we both gasped . 
 every thrust made my toes curl , he began to hold my hips and thrust upwards as he met my downward plunges . 
 we connected with a satisfying , wet smack and our mouths met each other in a series of desperate , breathless kisses . 
 i increased the rhythm , groaning as his cock pounded my sensitive core . 
 all of the sounds of sex and his deep voice uttering little moans all whirled inside my head , bringing me higher and higher . 
 my nails dug into his shoulder as the pace quickened . 
 every nerve inside me screamed for release , and his hot hands gripping my hips and his mouth and his skin , slightly damp under my hands-all of it combined suddenly and i cried out as i felt him plunge my depths one last time . 
 i gripped his head , feeling his thighs flexing under me as i leaned into him and my body shattered . 
 all the energy left my body to be replaced by warm , exhausted happiness . 
 luke let out a long moan that made my heart thud against my chest and then his cock jumped inside me . 
 i collapsed against his heaving chest , paralyzed with happiness . 
 as i looked up at him and stroked his hair , it was almost in a loving caress . 
 he kissed me long and hard , his hands still moving all over my body . 
 he broke away , still breathing heavily . 
 `` i needed this . '' 
 he gave me another smoldering look before he kissed my neck wetly . 
 `` you make me want to go again . '' 
 i could n't say how much his words thrilled me , and for the second time i felt afraid . 
 i was giving too much of myself to this man . 
 i looked at him and knew that i would be devastated when we parted ways . 
 was this love or was it just infatuation ? 
 he sighed into my neck . 
 `` i 'm getting really confused about our arrangement . 
 i do n't know if this is a good idea . '' 
 `` does it feel like a bad idea ? '' 
 `` well , no . '' 
 `` then why ca n't we enjoy it ? 
 i 'm already too attached to you anyways . 
 it 's going to hurt no matter what . '' 
 his eyes were shining . 
 he cupped my cheek and did n't look away . 
 `` oh , jessica . '' 
 i hated the softness in his voice . 
 he did n't say anything more , but he did n't have to . 
 his face was full of regret . 
 i slipped from his lap , tears already falling down my face as i bent down and gathered my clothes . 
 `` jessica . 
 jessica , wait ! '' 
 i ran into the bathroom to escape him and then i looked at my crumpled face and sobbed . 
 he does n't want me like i want him . 
 i remembered that the whole point of this was to help luke . 
 he was paying me a huge sum of money to help him and i had no right to be upset . 
 luke had said from the beginning that this was never going to be anything more than a two-dimensional relationship . 
 i needed to accept that . 
 `` jessica , i 'm sorry . 
 it 's my fault . 
 i should n't have - '' i ripped open the bathroom door as rage exploded in my stomach . 
 i was still naked , but luke had pulled on his pants . 
 i did n't even care how exposed i was . 
 `` do n't you dare say that you should n't have done it . 
 do n't tell me that it was a mistake . 
 i 'm not a mistake ! '' 
 there was a desperate plea in my voice that made me feel sick . 
 luke looked horrified . 
 `` i was n't going to say that . 
 of course you 're not a mistake . 
 jessica ? '' 
 suddenly , all of the anger deflated from my chest . 
 i just wanted to curl in a ball under my sheets . 
 it 's your fault for making me feel like i had a chance . 
 luke hovered near the doorway , the conflict wreaking havoc on his face . 
 he wanted to comfort me but he was afraid of upsetting me . 
 `` look , we have to fly to chicago tomorrow to visit my father at the hospice . 
 i ca n't put it off any longer . 
 can we please talk about this after that ? 
 i just felt so overwhelmed with my father and you made me feel good . 
 you always make me feel good . '' 
 his cheeks went a little pink and i hated myself for the hope soaring in my chest . 
 i wiped the tears staining my cheeks and nodded . 
 `` sure . 
 i 'll see you tomorrow . '' 
 luke hesitated , guilt written all over his face as he looked at me . 
 `` okay . '' 
 i looked in the mirror at my tear-stained face . 
 even if it amounted to nothing , i gained a victory tonight . 
 i had sex with a man and it had n't been a disaster . 
 it had n't been painful . 
 it had been-nourishing . 
 chapter 8 `` i told you so , '' natalie said for the umpteenth time . 
 `` i said it right before you left . 
 i knew this would happen . '' 
 `` yeah , i know . '' 
 the phone was hot on the side of my face and damp with my sweat . 
 i paced the hotel suite and spoke in hushed whispers , careful to avoid luke in the living room . 
 i was long overdue for a phone call with my best friend , who wasted no time in telling me that she was right . 
 `` i do n't care if you 're right . 
 it 's worth it . 
 i feel different , natalie . 
 i do n't know what it is , but he makes me feel better , even if it 's temporary . '' 
 natalie 's voice was soft . 
 `` well , he seems like a decent person , '' she admitted grudgingly . 
 `` i 'm happy for you , but at the same time i 'm worried that this is going to blow up in your face . 
 i do n't think you 'll feel so great when he ditches you . '' 
 i yanked my hair . 
 `` we 're not together . 
 he ca n't ditch me . '' 
 i could hear her rolling her eyes at me . 
 `` yeah , whatever . 
 the way you talk about him , you might as well be together . '' 
 jerk . 
 `` well , i 'm flying to chicago today . '' 
 after a beat , i added : `` to meet his dad . '' 
 `` wow , your fake relationship is getting pretty serious . '' 
 i scowled at the humor in her voice . 
 `` i 'm kind of losing my shit . 
 this is n't my territory . 
 do i stroke his ego ? 
 should i be a yes-man ? '' 
 `` no , '' she said emphatically . 
 `` just be polite . 
 be yourself . '' 
 was n't that what luke had told me ? 
 be yourself , jessica . 
 try as i might , i could n't feel comfortable with the idea with luke 's father . 
 he was a bully and he reminded me too much of my foster parents . 
 how would i handle it if he started bullying me ? 
 my face flushed with hot anger . 
 `` you can handle a cranky , sick old man . 
 like most men his age , he probably just wants attention . '' 
 but it was n't that simple . 
 he was n't just a cranky old man ; he was a cranky old man in charge of a multi-billion dollar industry . 
 there were millions of dollars riding on this meeting . 
 the fate of luke 's finances depended solely on me . 
 i wanted to laugh and laugh until i passed out . 
 what if he did n't like me ? 
 natalie could sense my disquiet . 
 `` just do n't think about it , or you 'll mess up . 
 i do n't know what to tell you . '' 
 there was a slight pause . 
 `` by the way-i almost forgot to tell you this , but i 've been keeping tabs on all the tabloids about you and luke . '' 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 `` they still have no idea who you are , but if you ask me it 's a matter of time before they track down who you are . '' 
 `` you ca n't tell the media anything . 
 i 'm serious , natalie . 
 it 'll put everything in jeopardy . 
 tell ben not to say anything , either . '' 
 `` i would never do that ! 
 are you crazy ? '' 
 `` they might offer you lots of money . '' 
 `` i do n't care . 
 there 's no way i 'd cave , but someone else who knows you might . '' 
 `` like who ? '' 
 i said dryly . 
 as far as i was concerned , there was no one else who knew me . 
 i never talked about my personal life to anyone . 
 if they asked my coworkers at the soup kitchen , all they would be able to get from them is the city where i lived . 
 `` listen , i 've got to go . 
 the car will pick us up soon . 
 i 'll text you when i land in chicago . '' 
 `` alright . 
 good luck . '' 
 i hung up the phone and clenched it in my palm , wiping my other hand on my jeans . 
 luke kept a solemn silence the whole ride to the airport . 
 i kept looking at him , wanting to confess my fear of meeting his father , but the whitened look on his face stopped me . 
 i did n't want to make him feel worse , so i kept my mouth shut . 
 he barely spoke during the flight ; he just sat still in his seat , his red-rimmed eyes staring straight ahead . 
 i wanted to help him , but there was nothing i could say . 
 so , i sat next to him and held his hand . 
 we were both exhausted when the plane landed , but luke told me we would head straight to the hospice . 
 in the back of my mind , i thought that we were playing right into his father 's hands . 
 was n't it unreasonable to expect luke and i to hurry over there after a ten-hour flight ? 
 whatever , it was n't my call . 
 my first thought was that it looked more like a vacation home than a hospice . 
 there were atriums containing all different flora , regionally specific and temperature controlled . 
 workers pushed dying men and women in wheelchairs through them . 
 the floors and walls exuded an aura of comfort , but underneath it all was the faint stench of cleaning supplies-of hospitals and death . 
 death lingered in this quiet place , and all of its cheery walls and colorful paintings could n't overshadow the dark gloom lingering in the halls . 
 no wonder he 's miserable . 
 no one wants to die in a place like this . 
 i thought about it for a moment . 
 where would i like to die ? 
 probably in the comfort of my apartment , with natalie nearby . 
 yes , people wanted to be with their families when they died . 
 did n't they ? 
 i looked at luke , who strode through the place with a look of perfect indifference . 
 it was plain that he could care less about his father . 
 who would he want to be with ? 
 he gave me a quick smile and my heart did a backflip . 
 `` do n't look so nervous , jess . ' 
 it 'll be okay . '' 
 the smile evaporated . 
 `` well , actually , it might not be . '' 
 thanks for the vote in confidence . 
 we were meeting with the nurse charged with giacomo 's case . 
 i imagined that she would be strung out with stress at all the unreasonable demands luke 's father made of her , but she turned out to be a chipper forty-something year old woman . 
 `` mr. pardini , it 's great to finally meet you . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` how is he ? '' 
 `` he keeps us busy , '' she said with a twinkle in her eyes . 
 `` visitors keep him in good spirits . '' 
 `` visitors ? '' 
 luke raised an eyebrow . 
 `` yes . 
 his nephews visit every month . 
 sometimes twice a month . '' 
 i tried not to whimper as luke crushed the bones of my hand . 
 what did it mean ? 
 `` he 'll be so glad to see you . 
 he talks about you all the time . '' 
 probably to complain about him . 
 `` oh , i 'm sure . '' 
 the nurse 's smile faltered at the tone of his voice , but she quickly recovered . 
 `` well , it 's this way . '' 
 she opened the door for us and i swallowed hard as i walked through first . 
 a venerable man sat upright on a hospital bed . 
 he was so thin that deep round bruises covered his arms like a dark disease . 
 i stood in the room , slightly breathless as i took in all the tubes and instruments quietly humming , keeping him alive . 
 i was astonished at how similar they looked . 
 though his body was wasted , his face held the vestiges of great looks . 
 his icy eyes , sharp and alert , cut through me as if he could see through my disguise . 
 i trembled as his thin lips pulled into a grin , his eyes skull-like . 
 `` hi dad , '' luke said tonelessly as he approached the bed . 
 `` this is my girlfriend , jessica . '' 
 somehow , my lips spasmed into something resembling a smile . 
 `` nice to meet you . '' 
 `` luke tells me that your parents are dentists . 
 do they approve of you flying around with a man you barely know ? '' 
 so , he was getting right to it . 
 fine . 
 bring it on . 
 `` dad , '' luke said in a sharp voice . 
 i held up a hand . 
 `` no , it 's fine . 
 your dad is just trying to protect you . 
 it 's a valid question . '' 
 i smiled sweetly at giacomo . 
 `` the answer is , i do n't know . 
 i do n't talk to them anymore . '' 
 `` ah ! '' 
 he yelled in triumph . 
 `` i see . 
 my son is the same way ; he only talks to me when he wants more money-or when he wants to discuss work . '' 
 why would he want to call you ? 
 all you do is make him feel like crap . 
 despite himself , luke 's cheeks flushed pink . 
 `` what do you think all these visits from my cousins are for ? 
 do you think they 're doing it out of the kindness of their hearts ? '' 
 i wanted to kick luke 's leg . 
 why is he antagonizing him ? 
 he gave a hollow laugh as his father 's face purpled . 
 i clenched my hands into fists and watched the volley of insults back and forth like a tennis match . 
 this could n't be going any worse . 
 `` at least they do n't treat me like a checkbook , '' he spat . 
 `` do you think i ca n't see through you and that bitch standing over there ? '' 
 my leg twitched and i glanced at luke 's white face . 
 shit . 
 it was too late ; giacomo had noticed the exchange and his eyes narrowed . 
 `` dad-apologize now , '' he said through his teeth . 
 `` or what ? '' 
 he grinned maniacally , knowing full well that he alone held all the power , that his son could do nothing . 
 `` you 're pathetic . 
 i knew from the second i saw those tabloid photos that this was a fraud . '' 
 oh , shit . 
 it was all unraveling . 
 i turned to luke desperately in a voice that i hoped was innocent . 
 `` what 's he talking about ? '' 
 giacomo gave me a nasty look . 
 `` so , how much is he paying you ? 
 i do n't think he ever paid any of the whores he left with in those clubs . '' 
 `` shut the hell up ! '' 
 luke 's head looked like it was going to explode . 
 his father looked slightly startled at his son 's outburst . 
 `` you 'll never get what you want from me . 
 i wo n't allow it ! '' 
 i wanted to bend over and throw up on the pristine floor . 
 his whole body trembled as he stood over the bed . 
 i sprang forward , convinced that he was going to reach over and strangle his father . 
 `` go to hell , dad . '' 
 he spoke with such quiet venom that i flinched , afraid of the poison infecting his voice . 
 i turned around as luke stormed out of the room , indifferent to his father 's yells and my pleas . 
 when the door swung shut , i slowly wheeled back to him , unable to keep the disgust out of my voice . 
 `` what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 he pushed himself up on his pillows , giving me a look of justified anger . 
 `` i know what you 're both doing . 
 what , am i supposed to be pleased that my son is trying to scam me with a hooker ? '' 
 he was a bully , but he was still nothing compared to the abuse i had experienced . 
 giacomo pardini was child 's play . 
 i kept my face neutral , refusing to allow his insults to harm me . 
 `` i love your son . '' 
 as i said it , i felt my face grow hot . 
 i had n't meant to say that-it just came out . 
 there was a ringing in my ears and i licked my dry lips . 
 giacomo 's face was stony , but i forced myself to continue . 
 `` i fell in love with him because he 's the only one who really understands me . 
 he gets it . '' 
 he eyed me beadily and his voice rose with contempt . 
 `` are you really that stupid ? 
 he may have convinced you otherwise , but you 're just another broad for him to fool around with . 
 what the hell does a middle class woman from suburbia have in common with my son ? '' 
 i thought that rich people were supposed to be sophisticated . 
 his barbs sunk deep inside my flesh , stinging me . 
 `` we met in a support group for children with parents like you . '' 
 i was pleased to see that giacomo flinched , as though my words had truly hurt him . 
 `` do you know what luke thinks about you ? 
 he thinks you 're trying to make him commit suicide , like you did with his mother . 
 now , you 're trying to bully me because treating people like shit takes the edge off of hating yourself . 
 you make me sick - '' suddenly , his eyes went wide and he grabbed the edge of his hospital bed , looking like he wanted to climb out of it so that he could kill me . 
 `` you shut your mouth about things you do n't understand . '' 
 he clenched his teeth and his thin arms trembled with the energy of keeping himself upright . 
 i caught him by surprise at the mention of his dead wife and his voice cracked with emotion . 
 i was n't quite feeling guilty , but he had definitely knocked the wind out of me . 
 i could n't look away from the electricity rimming his eyes . 
 for a moment his face purpled as though he wanted to scream , and then the words burst from his mouth as though he had been dying to say them for years . 
 `` i did everything i could for that woman . 
 i paid for therapists and psychiatrists and all of that bullshit-luke never knew . 
 i hid it from him . 
 do n't you dare accuse me of trying to harm my own wife . 
 i loved her . 
 she wanted to die and there was nothing i could do to fix it . '' 
 was this true ? 
 was this a manipulation or did luke really have the wrong side of the story ? 
 my heart thudded against my chest . 
 `` what about when you sent him away after his mother 's death to live with strangers ? 
 i suppose you did that to protect him ? '' 
 he looked at me beadily . 
 `` you 're damn right , it was . 
 do you think i wanted him around my vulture in-laws ? 
 i did n't want him to witness all of the fighting over the money and the disgusting lawsuits filed against me . 
 when she died , their cash flow ended , and they were n't happy . '' 
 giacomo sunk into his pillows , looking very much like a tired , old man . 
 `` i just wanted him to grow up away from all this madness . 
 i wanted him to be normal , but he turned out to be just like the rest of them . '' 
 what followed giacomo 's voice was a ringing silence . 
 i stood shock-still , unable to believe what i was hearing . 
 i hated him before i even met him , and yet he said things that made me question what luke told me . 
 i could n't reconcile my strong dislike and the pity i felt for a man whose family fell apart . 
 `` he did n't turn out like the rest of them . 
 you damaged him . 
 what he needed was his father , not to be sent over the ocean to a strange place while he grieved for his dead mother . '' 
 he sat up again with renewed vigor , spittle drizzling his chin as he screamed at me . 
 `` everything i did was for my son-everything ! 
 you do n't know what it 's like to watch your own brother and your son fight over your corpse like dogs ! '' 
 i refused to relent the attack , though giacomo 's words had bothered me more than i would admit . 
 `` instead of telling your son that you 're doing what 's best for him , you belittle him every chance you get . 
 why ? '' 
 giacomo 's fist smashed into bed . 
 `` because he needs to grow up ! 
 he needs to treat me like a person , not a goddamn bank account . '' 
 `` you 're going to die alone , '' i shouted at him , hardly believing i could say something so horrible . 
 `` you will die alone if you do n't mend things with your son . '' 
 the nurse appeared at my elbow . 
 `` miss , you need to leave . 
 you 're upsetting my patient . '' 
 the breathy girlishness was gone from her voice . 
 but the statement only served to further enrage the pardini patriarch . 
 `` i 'm allowed to be upset ! '' 
 `` for the record , '' i bellowed over his voice , pushing the nurse aside . 
 `` i do n't care whether you put luke in your will or not . 
 i think it would be good for him if he cut you out of his life . 
 at least , he would never have to deal with you anymore . '' 
 `` miss - '' i ripped my elbow out of her hands . 
 `` i 'm leaving . '' 
 i stumbled out of the room in a fog of rage , hardly knowing where i was going . 
 luke was nowhere to be seen . 
 i was upset with myself and my heart was racing with all of the things he said-all of the things i said . 
 i should have kept my mouth shut . 
 i did n't know what effect my words would have on luke 's father . 
 what if he took everything i said to heart , and cut him off like i suggested ? 
 you 're an idiot . 
 you 're a moron . 
 luke paid you to do a job and you blew it ! 
 i stopped midway down the hall . 
 it had been a quarter of an hour and there was no sign of luke . 
 maybe he left . 
 ahead , i saw a sign for a restaurant and bar and followed it . 
 i found luke perched on a barstool . 
 it was eleven in the morning , so most of the place was empty . 
 the bar was deserted . 
 he stared down the tiny shot glass , a small row of empty glasses beside it . 
 i edged up to him as he stared morosely downwards , not even acknowledging my presence , playing with the glass with his long fingers . 
 `` three shots at eleven a.m. ? 
 must be some sort of record , '' i said lightly . 
 luke shrugged and i placed my hand over his to stifle his movements . 
 `` did n't expect to see you here . '' 
 i blinked . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` you heard my father . 
 i wo n't be able to pay you anymore . '' 
 `` luke , i do n't care about the money . '' 
 he gave me a sidelong grin that looked uncannily like his father 's . 
 `` right . '' 
 `` i mean it . '' 
 my heart was beating in my ears as i stole myself to tell him . 
 luke 's father had n't been what i had pictured . 
 luke had painted a dark portrait of an evil , masochistic man , but all i had seen was man full of pain , bewildered by his son 's coldness . 
 he was horribly misguided , but evil ? 
 i did n't think so . 
 still , on the whole , luke would probably be better off without his dad in his life . 
 `` i wish i had your dad , '' i confessed . 
 `` your foster parents must have been pretty terrible if you prefer him . '' 
 he looked at me and flinched . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` no one ever gave a damn about me . 
 if i died , no one would really notice . 
 no one except natalie . 
 i do n't know what being loved feels like . '' 
 `` neither do i , really . '' 
 `` your mother loved you , '' i said sharply . 
 `` and as mean as he is , your father still cares about you . '' 
 he laughed as he sipped the dregs of his drink . 
 `` how would you know ? '' 
 `` we had a-a talk . '' '' 
 ` bout what ? '' 
 i took his hand and set it in my lap , nervously squeezing his palm . 
 `` well , i yelled at him and he told me things about you-about your mom . 
 maybe if you knew them , it might change your feelings about him . '' 
 luke slipped his hand out of my grasp , shaking his head . 
 `` no , listen . 
 he said that he paid for psychiatrists and therapists and everything under the moon for your mom and he hid her depression from you . 
 to protect you . 
 he even sent you away to protect you from her in-laws , who were demanding more money and suing him . 
 he did n't want you to see all that . '' 
 luke , who had been shaking his head harder the more i talked , slammed his fist into the bar table so that the glasses fell on their sides . 
 `` no ! 
 everything he says is a lie . '' 
 `` luke , in all fairness , why would he lie about that ? 
 he could probably furnish proof if you asked for it . '' 
 he turned to me , anger thickening his features . 
 `` then why not tell me about all this ? 
 why did he make me think it was my fault she died ? '' 
 `` he probably did n't know that you felt that way . 
 i know it 's screwed up , but like i said , he thought he was doing the best thing for you . 
 he told me he wanted you to become normal-not consumed with greed like your cousins and uncle . 
 and you know what , it worked . '' 
 even though i told his father otherwise , i believed it now . 
 growing up away from all that money and influence-wasn ' t that a good thing ? 
 `` i think you should go back there and talk to him about all of this . '' 
 he slammed a few notes on the bar table . 
 `` i do n't care about it . 
 it 's too late for me to hear all of this . 
 all i want from him is what i deserve-my inheritance . '' 
 `` i told your dad something , '' i blurted . 
 luke 's wavering , drunken eyes were fixed on me . 
 `` told him what ? '' 
 my eyes slid over his slightly wet ones . 
 `` that i 'm in love with you . '' 
 he blinked and almost fell out of his stool . 
 then he chuckled and the sound cut through me like a knife . 
 `` did he buy it ? '' 
 hollowness resonated inside me . 
 even if i told him i meant it , he would never believe me . 
 `` luke , i meant it about the money . 
 i do n't want you to pay me anymore . 
 if i could , i would give it all back to you . '' 
 his eyebrows were in danger of disappearing in his hair . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he said in a voice that was completely sober . 
 my heart seemed to jump out of my chest . 
 just say it . 
 a strong voice i had never heard before echoed inside my head ; it filled me with courage . 
 go after what you want . 
 `` because being with you has been the best time of my life and i do n't want to be paid for it . 
 i want it to be real . '' 
 i was already turning away . 
 i did n't want to see him looking sorry for me ; it would destroy me . 
 his feverish hand closed over my wrist and dragged me back against my will , making me face his intense gaze . 
 he looked stunned . 
 his deep blue eyes were wide and his mouth trembled . 
 `` i-i do n't - '' i did n't want to hear it . 
 i leaned into him and his arm wrapped around my waist . 
 my lips silenced his and i tasted the alcohol swirling in his mouth and the smell of his hair that was uniquely his , clouding around me like perfume . 
 i remembered hotly the night we had sex and how his smell lingered all over my body . 
 i deepened the kiss , knowing that this could n't last and that i might as well enjoy it . 
 i pulled back and he was looking at me , breathless , as though he had never seen me before . 
 `` i know you do n't feel the same . 
 i just had to tell you . '' 
 my hand slid from his grasp and i walked away from him then . 
 my heart and head felt lighter . 
 why did i feel so happy and at the same time-wracked with sadness ? 
 the possibilities were opening up to me like a map with a hundred thousand different paths and destinations . 
 i was free to explore them all . 
 * * * after luke sobered up , he found me waiting outside of the hospice on a park bench . 
 he explained that we were going to see his relatives as a last ditch effort to convince his dad that this was n't a scam . 
 it was plain to me that luke had chosen to ignore everything i had said in the restaurant . 
 we drove to his relatives ' house in complete silence . 
 well , i guess i scared him off . 
 my jaw dropped as the car turned into a gated driveway , which led to the biggest mansion i had ever seen . 
 it was gatsby-level big , with a manicured lawn and flowers that looked like they were changed once a month . 
 i swallowed as i saw workers entering and exiting the mansion like bees . 
 tables and chairs , silver and black balloons , trays and trays of catered food were brought through that tiny entrance . 
 i looked down at myself and swore . 
 we just left the hospice and there had been no time to change . 
 `` you did n't tell me there was a damn party ! '' 
 `` it 's my uncle 's birthday . 
 do n't worry , we 'll go upstairs and you can change . 
 it 's only noon . '' 
 i gaped at him . 
 `` you did n't mention-i did n't get a gift or anything ! '' 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 `` uncle dominic has everything he wants . '' 
 whatever he said , i still thought that it would reflect poorly on me . 
 come six o ' clock , i would n't be surprised to see a mountain of gifts in the foyer for uncle dominic . 
 the car door was flung open before i could adjust my glare and then i slid out of the leather seat , walking behind luke as he headed towards the front door . 
 `` i 'll find my aunt and introduce you , and then we can go upstairs into the guest bedroom . '' 
 i nervously ran my fingers through my hair , finding it hopelessly tangled . 
 feeling close to laughter , i walked inside the mansion . 
 the floors were too good for my sneakered feet . 
 the marble foyer looked like it had just been polished . 
 beyond that , i could see dark mahogany hardwood floors in the living room , a modern stainless steel kitchen peeking around the corner . 
 i wanted to sprint up the ebony staircase and hide in one of the guest rooms . 
 luke , however , looked perfectly at home . 
 i did n't know how he always managed to look unruffled , like he just stepped out of a men 's fashion magazine . 
 `` aunt beth ! 
 i 'm here ! '' 
 a motherly looking woman in her sixties rounded the corner . 
 i was pleased to see that she was dressed in casual clothing . 
 her face was n't pretty , but it was the kind of face you would be happy to see if you were feeling down . 
 luke grinned from ear to ear as she seized his head and kissed his cheek . 
 `` i 'm so happy to see you . 
 you look wonderful . '' 
 `` thanks , auntie . '' 
 something had happened to luke . 
 there was lightness in his eyes and his face was smooth . 
 i realized with a shock that luke was-happy . 
 still smiling , he motioned towards me and i shyly stepped forward . 
 `` this is my girlfriend , jessica . 
 i told you about her on the phone . '' 
 `` oh , yes ! 
 it 's lovely to meet you . '' 
 i felt the warmth from her smile in her handshake , and i could n't help it-i grinned back . 
 `` thank you for letting us stay here . 
 it 's really kind of you . '' 
 `` it 's no trouble at all . 
 both of you are always welcome . '' 
 i watched in fascination as luke allowed himself to be steered upstairs . 
 `` you two must be exhausted . 
 why do n't you take a nap upstairs and i 'll fix you a snack when you wake up ? '' 
 luke 's hand curled around mine as he walked towards to the guest bedroom . 
 `` sounds good . 
 do n't go through too much trouble . '' 
 `` not at all . '' 
 the exhaustion settled in as luke opened the door to a room with a magnificent four-poster bed , our luggage already sitting nearby . 
 there was a flat screen television , an armoire , and an adjacent bathroom . 
 i guess we have to share the bed . 
 luke turned around to me with a worried expression on his face , having come to the same realization . 
 `` i can sit in the chair while - '' `` we had sex , remember ? 
 it 's not a big deal if we share the bed . '' 
 suddenly , i was irritated with him . 
 why was he trying to sweep it all under the rug ? 
 maybe i was just tired . 
 i ripped back the covers and saw that luke was still standing there , staring at me . 
 he froze me with that hungry , searching look . 
 before i knew it , he was standing right in front of me , demanding my full attention . 
 my body seemed to shake with my pounding heart . 
 `` jessica , what you said earlier-did you mean it ? 
 you want me to stop paying you ? '' 
 it was hard to think when he was so close to me . 
 he always made me feel breathless , but i knew the answer to his question . 
 i had been bursting to tell him for days . 
 `` yes , i meant it . 
 i want you , luke . 
 i do n't care about the money anymore , i just want you . '' 
 my voice was rushed and i did n't look away from his eyes . 
 i just wanted him to believe me . 
 believe me . 
 `` i want you , too . 
 all the time and everywhere . '' 
 i could feel his heat descending on me like fog . 
 his fingers touched my lip gently , my jaw , my ears , as if he could hardly believe that i existed . 
 his lips hovered over mine and barely touched me . 
 it was sensitive ; unlike the passionate fury he had shown me in london . 
 it made my skin flame . 
 it only lasted a few seconds , our fatigue transformed into barely suppressed desire ; we clung to each other like the two desperate , lonely souls that we were . 
 his tongue swept inside my mouth as a fire leapt inside my chest . 
 he reached up with one hand and tore apart my blouse with a violent jerk ; several of the buttons snapped off and darted across the hardwood floors . 
 the ruined blouse fell to the floor in a crumpled heap and luke unapologetically reached around my back and unsnapped my bra , a thrill scorching my skin as he covered my breasts with his hands , groping them roughly . 
 i reached under his shirt and felt his abdominal muscles shiver . 
 he unstuck his hands from my breasts so that i could pull the shirt over his head . 
 i had no idea how he had the time to maintain his flawless body . 
 i ran my fingers along his clavicle , around his shoulder and back towards the taut muscles on his chest . 
 he pulled me in and my breasts flattened against his chest , both of us thrilled at the contact . 
 he grabbed my hair and tugged sharply ; then his lips were caressing mine , sucking on my bottom lip as his hands fell from my head . 
 he stroked my back with his fingers until his hands anchored over my ass . 
 he lifted me slightly , his hardness grinding against my mound . 
 `` jessica , take off your pants . '' 
 i clenched inside as he gave me the order . 
 a vicious voice echoed inside my head . 
 shut up and take off your pants . 
 bend over . 
 that 's it . 
 i 'm with luke . 
 he would never hurt me . 
 he 's not like him . 
 i blinked and my eyes refocused . 
 his face wore a concerned look as he tilted my head with a finger . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i was n't sure . 
 i was consumed with desire for him and yet there was still a prickle of fear . 
 there was doubt when i knew there should n't be . 
 i hated how that bastard somehow managed to ruin every intimate moment i had with a man i really wanted . 
 would this ever go away ? 
 no , i wo n't let him ruin this for me . 
 i 'm not broken . 
 i reached down and pulled my jeans off . 
 his face softened . 
 `` god , you 're gorgeous . '' 
 luke knelt down and his fingers played with the thin cotton of my panties . 
 his middle finger curled underneath , stroking the slightly damp mound , riding between my lips . 
 i gasped as i felt him and widened my stance . 
 it was like a ball of electrical current pounding between my legs . 
 he planted wet kisses on the inside of my thighs , gently teasing the fabric . 
 fingernails scraped my skin as he pulled the panties down , and then i could feel his warm breath billowing over my mound . 
 oh , jesus . 
 my legs trembled and i actually let out a moan . 
 his lips kissed my mound and his tongue quickly darted out , sliding between my lips . 
 `` luke-oh ! '' 
 no one had ever done this to me . 
 the wet , slippery tongue nudged my clit , penetrating me as his mouth closed over it all as if he wanted to devour me . 
 then he sucked hard and i fought the urge to grind myself against his mouth . 
 it just felt so goddamn good , and my juices were flowing all over his mouth , making wet , obscene noises that made my chest flush . 
 then his mouth pulled away and cold air stung my wet core ; he planted another kiss on my mound before i yanked him to his feet . 
 he was smiling in a self-assured way , brimming with the confidence that had first drawn me to him . 
 `` i knew you would n't be able to resist me . '' 
 i pulled his head close to me , so that we could both feel each other 's breath . 
 i kept sliding my hands up and down his gorgeous neck , sliding my thumbs over the bump on his throat , loving every inch of him . 
 `` you could n't resist me either . '' 
 his slightly swollen lips beckoned me . 
 i could n't resist any part of him ; i was addicted . 
 my mouth crashed against his and i did n't care that i could taste myself on his lips ; i wanted him to know how much i wanted him . 
 my palm ran along the hard bump in his jeans . 
 the first button popped out easily and my fingers moved deftly , unzipping his pants and slipping off the tight , black briefs so that i could cradle the whole length of him in my hands . 
 suddenly , a dark thought entered my mind . 
 `` let 's go in the bathroom . '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 luke 's face was glowing as he followed me into the tiled bathroom . 
 he had no idea what was happening inside my mind . 
 i stood in front of the mirror above the sink , watching myself in fascination as a handsome , dark-haired man enveloped his arms around my belly and kissed my neck . 
 i sighed with every hot kiss he planted on my neck , melting away some of my anxiety . 
 with every glance in the mirror , i felt dread rising in my throat like vomit . 
 `` help me , luke . '' 
 `` with what ? 
 your heart 's beating really fast . '' 
 he could feel it pounding under my left breast . 
 i turned around and gripped luke 's waist , trying to bury myself in his comforting warmth . 
 i could n't . 
 i kept feeling the palm of vincent 's hand , slamming into my back . 
 i grabbed the edge of the sink as i was thrown forward and looked up , marveling at the cruelty of someone with such a beautiful face . 
 no , do n't ! 
 he spread me open with his hands and i felt the hard , piercing pain of something thick being forced inside me , splitting me open . 
 my screams echoed in that small bathroom , loud enough for anyone inside the house to hear . 
 when i twisted my body to get away , he grabbed my long hair and yanked hard . 
 when it was over , he left me bleeding on the floor and my mouth gaped in a silent scream as i buried my face in luke 's chest . 
 the man who said he wanted me held me against him , whispering things in his soothing voice that made the pain and violence slowly fade away . 
 i never told him about any of it , but somehow , he knew . 
 instinctively , he knew when i was hurting and how exactly to comfort me . 
 i sniffed as my chest filled with a feeling that i could n't yet place . 
 i wanted to cry , but i was n't upset . 
 `` jessica , maybe you 're not ready for this . 
 we do n't have to do anything ; i 'm happy just to be with you . '' 
 it was such a perfect thing to say , but i shook my head . 
 `` no , i want this . '' 
 he looked at me doubtfully , but i took his hands and i let him feel how wet i was . 
 the cocky grin was back on his face . 
 `` you do , do n't you ? '' 
 my core heated as his eyes lingered over my breasts . 
 he backed me against the cold wall , drinking every square inch of me with his eyes . 
 my eyes fell on the thickness between his legs , which stood at attention like a soldier . 
 i wrapped my fingers around him and tugged gently , remembering how incredible it had felt to have all of him inside me . 
 his arms snaked around my back and suddenly lifted me onto his waist . 
 i giggled as my legs wrapped around him , marveling at the strength in his arms . 
 his eyes were full of that irresistible , frightening intensity and i knew that he could n't wait another moment . 
 i saw his powerful back in the mirror , my legs locked around him . 
 he crushed me against the wall and thrust upward , his cock impaling my needy warmth . 
 the pleasurable shock of it erupted through my mouth in a guttural moan . 
 every thrust made my thighs tighten around his waist . 
 every roll of his powerful back rocked through me , grinding my back against the wall . 
 something was shifting inside as his thrusts became more urgent . 
 i gripped his shoulders and dug my nails in his flesh , not caring about anything in the world except this wonderful feeling shooting through my body . 
 he plunged into my depths , our mouths meeting and parting in gasping breaths , and i felt the pressure building . 
 i trembled and came hard , my core contracting around him . 
 luke 's breathing was fast and he might have said something , and then his deep groans filled the small bathroom . 
 his hips slammed me against the wall , and he buried his face in my neck , breathing hard . 
 he stayed there for a moment , his thickness buried deep inside me , and then his arms shook as he lowered me to the floor . 
 `` god , luke . '' 
 he gave me a shaky laugh . 
 `` that was pretty amazing . '' 
 i glowed as he leaned forward to kiss me again . 
 `` do you want to take a shower ? '' 
 moments later , we stumbled into the shower together , laughing . 
 i shrieked as he turned on the shower and the water struck me with a cold blast , but luke moved in front of it , biting back laughter . 
 `` sorry about that , '' he said with a playful grin . 
 i swatted at his shoulder , but he caught my hand and kissed it . 
 my heart thudded against my chest as i felt his lips on my skin . 
 i 'm crazy about him . 
 the glass shower quickly filled with steam as the hot water sprayed across our bodies . 
 luke grabbed a bar of soap from the shower and began soaping up my curves . 
 my desire for him , which could never really be satisfied , shot up sharply . 
 i was in awe of him , and full of so much happiness that i thought i would burst . 
 he wanted me , for all my flaws , he wanted me . 
 and i needed him . 
 it was n't a fake relationship anymore , was it ? 
 i looked up at him and tried to decipher it from his face . 
 no , it was n't enough . 
 i needed him to tell me explicitly-or i 'd never believe it . 
 `` luke , what does this mean ? '' 
 the water sprayed over his head , dripping down his face , making him look more youthful and beautiful . 
 his lips were red from kissing me . 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' he said honestly . 
 `` let 's play it by ear and take it slow . '' 
 my face fell . 
 what did you expect ? 
 an indignant voice inside me said . 
 did you think he would bend on one knee and propose ? 
 you 've only known each other for a couple months . 
 he noticed . 
 i pulled against him , unable to disguise the hurt on my face . 
 he trapped me . 
 `` jessica , i want to be your boyfriend . 
 i really do , but you must understand that i have my own demons to deal with . 
 i do n't trust easily , and it will take time . '' 
 luke was n't promising anything , but at least he was willing . 
 i nodded . 
 i could understand that . 
 if i wanted him , i needed to be patient . 
 he 's worth it , i thought as his lips caught mine again . 
 chapter 9 a muscular arm snaked around my bare waist . 
 my eyes snapped open and my chest froze as i felt a body behind me . 
 it was n't until i recognized luke 's voice , husky with fatigue , that i relaxed . 
 i turned over on the bed as he ran his hand up and over my curves . 
 his face was wrinkled slightly with sleep lines , but his eyes were full of energy . 
 `` good evening , beautiful . '' 
 his bright eye winked at me . 
 my face flushed . 
 i could n't believe i was in bed with him . 
 i touched his chest and he stroked my back lightly with his fingertips . 
 it was as though we were a real couple . 
 `` i just want to stay in bed . 
 i do n't want to get up . '' 
 i yawned . 
 `` just tell them i 'm sick . '' 
 `` if i have to go down there , so do you . 
 appearances , jessica . '' 
 he swung out of bed with boundless energy . 
 i sighed as i rolled out of bed . 
 meeting luke 's family was the absolute last thing i felt like doing . 
 every time i thought about it , i imagined myself sprinting out of this gigantic house to hide somewhere in the trees surrounding it . 
 `` when does this thing start ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 guests will probably start coming at around five . '' 
 i glanced at my phone and felt a zapping sensation shoot up my arm . 
 it was already three in the afternoon . 
 `` we need to get ready . '' 
 `` let 's go downstairs first . '' 
 after running a brush through my hair , we slowly made our way downstairs . 
 during our nap , the house had been decorated with streamers and balloons . 
 there were vibrant , beautiful flower arrangements laid out in a row on the giant kitchen table , with intricate , gold dishes that seemed to sparkle , porcelain soup bowls and polished silverware . 
 the flowers were like a splash of color among the black and silver balloons . 
 what i liked about it all was that it was minimalistic . 
 none of it was overdone . 
 luke 's aunt was sitting in the breakfast nook , sipping a cup of tea . 
 she smiled at us . 
 `` come , sit ! '' 
 in front of her was a plate with a neat pile of cucumber sandwiches . 
 i sat down in front of her and took one . 
 it was light and delicious . 
 `` thanks so much for making these . '' 
 `` do n't mention it . '' 
 she reached over and pinched luke 's cheek affectionately . 
 `` your uncle is going to be so thrilled that you 're here for his birthday . 
 did you visit your father ? '' 
 all the humor evaporated from luke 's face . 
 `` yeah , i visited him . 
 it was n't pleasant . '' 
 she smiled knowingly . 
 `` the poor man is in a lot of pain . 
 people can be nasty when they 're suffering . '' 
 `` aunt beth , he 's always been nasty . '' 
 the sandwich crumbled in his fingers . 
 `` you should have heard the things he said to jessica . '' 
 she looked at me for my reaction , but i simply shrugged . 
 `` it does n't bother me . 
 i do n't think he really meant it . '' 
 `` your father has always been a complicated man . 
 when i first met him , i found him abrasive , but then your mother passed and i saw a side of him i 'd never seen before . 
 he was very devoted to your mother . '' 
 his clenched fists were balled on the table . 
 i reached down and touched his leg . 
 do n't make a scene , luke . 
 `` he 's cutting me off , '' he said suddenly . 
 `` he 's going to give everything to uncle dominic and your kids . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i could n't help but notice how his aunt 's face registered very little shock . 
 the sandwich in my mouth suddenly tasted foul . 
 was this whole ` nice aunt ' thing for show ? 
 ` course it is . 
 luke had seen it , too . 
 his face was a mask of pain ; i do n't think he realized that his aunt might be in on it until now . 
 `` but i suppose you know that already . '' 
 the teacup rattled inside the saucer as she set the cup down , looking upset . 
 `` luke-listen . 
 your uncle and i talked about it . 
 we both agreed that you should have your inheritance . 
 even if giacomo 's will leaves everything to us , we will transfer everything back to you . '' 
 `` what if your sons do n't want to part with their millions ? 
 is n't that why they 're visiting him all the time ? '' 
 luke 's eyes flashed dangerously . 
 `` luke ! '' 
 he sank back into his seat , looking a bit cowed as i glared at him . 
 she stood up abruptly from the table . 
 `` i must get ready for the party , '' she said suddenly before she left the room . 
 `` what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 i hissed when she was out of earshot . 
 `` now you 've upset her , and she was being so nice ! '' 
 `` nice ? '' 
 he said in a harsh whisper . 
 `` give me a break ! 
 you saw her face ; she knew about it . 
 she knew about it and did nothing . 
 i ca n't trust any of these people . 
 they might think fondly of me , but they would n't hesitate to screw me over to get my inheritance . '' 
 `` but she said she would give it back to you ! '' 
 he scoffed . 
 `` even if she really meant that , she would n't be able to . 
 it 's my uncle 's decision . '' 
 his face softened at my bewildered expression . 
 `` i know that you want to believe her . 
 hell , i do too . 
 aunt beth was always my favorite growing up . 
 she was always sweet with me , but everything 's different now . '' 
 i bit my lip . 
 was he right ? 
 was i just naive ? 
 i knew nothing about his world , but i could n't help but wonder if luke was being paranoid . 
 `` all i know is that if you keep being unpleasant , she 'll want to help you less . 
 do n't bring it up again . '' 
 he got up and slammed his chair back under the table . 
 i could feel his stress balling inside me . 
 all of it was unfair . 
 there were millions of dollars at stake-his millions , and sharks surrounded him . 
 `` let 's just try to get through tonight . 
 i want to fly back to san francisco tomorrow . '' 
 `` but we just got here . '' 
 i could n't believe that he was so willing to leave . 
 `` would n't it be better to keep visiting your dad ? '' 
 `` no , he 's - well . 
 he 's made up his mind . 
 and i have to keep working . '' 
 uh , did he just forget that his dad fired him ? 
 `` luke , '' i began awkwardly . 
 `` your dad fired you . '' 
 he looked at me coolly . 
 `` i never got a phone call from my boss , so i 'm just going to ignore him . 
 sometimes he does n't deliver on his threats . 
 it happens . '' 
 wow . 
 upstairs , i stalled for as long as possible before getting ready . 
 after luke 's confrontation with his aunt , i had no desire to go back down there and mingle with a bunch of rich people . 
 i could n't help but obsess over every minute detail of my dress . 
 i winced as i looked down at myself and saw scuff marks on my black pumps . 
 i 'll look like a joke compared to them . 
 when we finally descended the staircase , i realized that despite luke 's assurances , my fears were genuine . 
 everyone looked like saks fifth avenue had dressed them . 
 if it were n't for luke 's hand at the small of my back , i would have turned tail and ran . 
 the black lace dress that i bought at macy 's looked ridiculous by comparison . 
 `` just relax , jessica , '' he murmured in my ear . 
 right , easy for you to say . 
 i fought the urge to dig in my heels as luke wheeled me towards a coterie of drunken wasps . 
 `` luke ! 
 we heard you were here , '' one of them exclaimed comically . 
 `` none of us could believe it . '' 
 the man who spoke had mousy-colored hair , slicked back over his shiny head . 
 his bright blue eyes were the same as luke 's . 
 he was slim and his suit was impeccably tailored ; his patent leather shoes gleamed in the light . 
 hanging on his arm was a blonde woman who reminded me strongly of victoria beckham , her thin arms looking like they could snap at any second . 
 she smiled at me politely as her eyes dragged up and down my outfit and i my arm shook against luke 's . 
 `` justin , barbara-this is my girlfriend , jessica . '' 
 they wrung my hand and acted as though they were delighted to meet me . 
 barbara snatched her hand away from me as though she was afraid that she would somehow be contaminated . 
 she leaned in , her eyes glossy and her lips shining . 
 `` when luke 's in the papers , he always has someone new on his arm . 
 we were surprised that you two have managed to stay together for so long - '' `` barbara ! '' 
 snapped justin impatiently . 
 he fixed me with a pained expression . 
 `` sorry , she 's had a bit much to drink . '' 
 `` no worries . '' 
 inwardly , my heart beat a violent tattoo against my chest . 
 i never felt so uncomfortable in my life . 
 for the first time , i really missed home . 
 i wanted to collapse onto my sofa at home and watch tv with natalie . 
 everyone was extremely well dressed and clutching glasses of champagne that i 'm sure cost a small fortune and i was just planted in the middle of it . 
 i felt like everyone was gathering around to gawk at the alien who had somehow entered their exclusive club . 
 i did not belong here . 
 i could practically hear barbara 's brain whirring as she leaned in curiously . 
 why has n't he kicked her to the curb by now ? 
 is she pregnant ? 
 `` how did you two meet ? '' 
 i stiffened . 
 i could n't imagine giving them the same story i had told brandon , but my mind was blank . 
 `` we met in a bar . '' 
 luke glanced at me . 
 `` oh . '' 
 i wished he had n't said that . 
 i watched painfully as barbara buried a small smile and exchanged a glance with her husband . 
 now , it made sense . 
 they filed me away into a category they knew well . 
 perhaps i was very exciting in bed , but i was most certainly luke 's new fling . 
 `` i heard that you 've been visiting my father . '' 
 oh christ , not this again . 
 i tried not to fix my heated eyes on luke . 
 justin shrugged good-naturedly . 
 `` yeah . 
 i thought that i should . 
 he seems to enjoy our visits . '' 
 luke took two glasses of bubbling champagne and offered one to me . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're both getting something out of them . 
 please excuse us . '' 
 i was shocked at the unrestrained spite in luke 's voice . 
 did n't he know how to fake politeness ? 
 justin sneered at luke 's back as he turned around . 
 his wife whispered something in his ear and both of them laughed as they looked at me . 
 i felt the hairs on my neck stand up . 
 `` see ? '' 
 luke hissed as we walked away . 
 `` do you see what i have to deal with ? '' 
 i felt bad in a way that i had n't in years , like when the girls at school used to bully me in the hallways . 
 `` i have n't felt like this since sixth grade . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` it is childish , in a way . '' 
 i did n't point out that he , in fact , was the one who started it . 
 i went along as luke painstakingly introduced me to all the guests , who were all so unfailingly polite that my jaw felt wired shut with a permanent grin . 
 these were not the sort of people who would be rude in front of your face . 
 as luke talked to his relatives , i hung back with my half-empty glass of champagne , my eyes occupied with the paintings that adorned the walls and groaning whenever i checked the time . 
 `` excuse me . 
 excuse me ! 
 hey ! '' 
 a veined hand encircled by gold bracelets waved in front of my face , snapping its fingers impatiently . 
 i looked at its owner , who was a woman in her late fifties who i did not recognize . 
 she looked at me as though i was something under her shoe . 
 what the hell did she want ? 
 she thrust an empty champagne glass in my hand . 
 `` take this away . '' 
 stunned , i took the glass and looked from her to the glass and back again . 
 what had just happened ? 
 `` why are you standing there ? '' 
 several of her friends turned around to glare at me , but i still had no fucking idea what was going on . 
 `` um-you want me to take this ? '' 
 a few of them giggled behind her as they looked at me , and i felt like i was transported back to middle school . 
 she rolled her eyes at me . 
 `` oh , charlie brown . 
 you 're hopeless . '' 
 the glass was ripped out of my hands so violently , that her manicured nails actually scratched me . 
 i yelped in pain and finally luke swept in out of nowhere , quietly stepping in to save me . 
 `` is there something wrong ? '' 
 he looked at my face and back to her . 
 `` this one does n't seem to be doing her job . '' 
 she gestured towards me with contempt laced in every syllable . 
 doing her job-what ? 
 then i realized it with a horrible , sinking feeling . 
 i was dressed so poorly , that this woman thought i was the help . 
 my face felt like it was on fire . 
 i turned away and bit my lip viciously . 
 i wanted to die . 
 `` this is jessica , my girlfriend , '' he said with a little anger in his voice . 
 `` she 's not an employee . '' 
 `` oh , i had no idea . 
 i 'm so sorry - '' realizing her blunder , she reached out towards me , her claw-like fingers patting me awkwardly on the shoulder . 
 she could n't see my face , or my eyes , which were shining with tears . 
 luke did , and he steered me away from them . 
 `` it 's fine , '' he called over his shoulder . 
 we shoved through a throng of people and headed towards a glass door . 
 i hoped no one had seen the exchange . 
 `` let 's just go outside . '' 
 i choked as soon as we stepped outside . 
 we were in a small , side garden . 
 it was lit up beautifully with golden , paper lanterns . 
 i growled in frustration as tears leaked out of my eyes . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i 'm trying to hold it together . '' 
 `` no , i 'm sorry . 
 you should n't have to deal with this . '' 
 luke sidled up against me and stroked my arm . 
 my lips were shaking as i looked at him . 
 `` i 'm so embarrassed . 
 i do n't belong here at all . '' 
 i could n't erase the expression on her face from my mind . 
 `` she looked at me like i was-trash . '' 
 the hopeless feeling that i felt at school was overpowering . 
 i used to be bullied for wearing used clothes from the salvation army , and it was the exact same feeling . 
 `` you ca n't let it get to you . 
 i get ripped apart every day in the press . 
 you just have to let it roll off your shoulders . '' 
 i bent down as the glare from the porch lights illuminated the ugly marks on my shoes . 
 i scrubbed them with my fingers , but they refused to come off . 
 `` that 's different . 
 they 're your family . 
 i care about what they think about me . '' 
 `` i do n't even like my family . 
 what does it matter ? '' 
 his hands encircled my forearms and tugged , but i refused to budge . 
 `` stop it , i 'm not finished ! '' 
 `` jessica . '' 
 the kindness in his voice made me want to cry . 
 i thought of how stupid i looked , hunched on the cement in this cheap dress , scrubbing at a spot on my shoes . 
 it would n't make any difference . 
 even if i spent thousands on a wardrobe , i would never be like them . 
 i stumbled as i stood back up , supported my luke 's firm grip . 
 i felt like he was always holding me upright . 
 `` i do n't care what they think , why should you ? '' 
 the dark blue and gold garden blurred . 
 i blinked away the tears . 
 `` but you do care . 
 we changed my background story so that i would fit in-but i do n't . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` it would influence my father 's opinion of you in a bad way . 
 that 's the only reason why we did that . '' 
 his fingers slipped down my bare back and i curled into his chest , sliding my hand inside his jacket to grip the muscles in his back . 
 his chest swelled into my back and i closed my eyes , thinking only about how safe i felt in his arms . 
 a vicious heat seared up my core as his fingers moved in tantalizing circles on my bare skin . 
 `` just stay close to me , and it 'll be over soon . '' 
 and then we 'll be alone . 
 a loud buzz filled my ears and i jumped in luke 's arms . 
 it was coming from my purse . 
 i opened it and snapped open my phone : call me now - nat i blinked at the message , curiosity burning in my stomach , but i stowed it back inside my purse . 
 whatever natalie had to tell me would have to wait . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 i nodded and we walked back towards the brightly lit house , the noise and light spilling into the garden as he opened the glass door for me . 
 i spotted the hag who had bitched at me and felt a strong surge of anger , but i kept my eyes fixed forward . 
 `` let 's find my uncle . '' 
 my guts twisted as i nodded glumly . 
 i wiped my hand surreptitiously before i took luke 's again . 
 he led me through a succession of rooms towards the sound of piano playing . 
 we walked into a living room with a huge ceiling . 
 a crowd of people was gathered around the white grand piano , where an older man sat , his fingers flying over the keys . 
 he was a thin , reedy man with a wiry black mustache . 
 domenico jumped from the piano seat as he saw luke approach . 
 `` luke ! '' 
 he grabbed his nephew by the shoulders and kissed both of his cheeks . 
 `` happy birthday , uncle dominic . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 i 'm so happy that you could make it . '' 
 i was shocked by his display of affection . 
 his uncle gripped his shoulder , unwilling to let go of his nephew . 
 luke introduced me with a wave of his free arm . 
 `` so , this is the girl i 've seen in the papers . '' 
 he winked at me and shook my hand . 
 `` we 're so glad you could come . '' 
 `` nice to meet you , '' i beamed . 
 `` when did you fly in ? '' 
 `` today , actually . '' 
 `` jesus , you must be tired . '' 
 the fabric on luke 's shoulder bunched together as his hand tightened . 
 domenico 's face crumpled as he wheeled him away from the crowd of people . 
 `` you have n't seen your dad yet , have you ? '' 
 i tensed as a frown creased on luke 's forehead . 
 please do n't blow up at him . 
 `` we did . '' 
 he nodded seriously . 
 `` he 's taken a sharp turn for the worse . 
 i found out from james that he tried to fire you . '' 
 luke made a sound that might have been a laugh . 
 `` yes , he did . '' 
 `` listen , i blocked it . 
 he may be a board member , but he can only work in a limited capacity and it 's clear that his judgment is off his rocker . 
 you 're a great employee , no matter how many soccer fans you beat up . '' 
 he smiled warmly . 
 `` the san francisco deal you got for us is brilliant and you 'll always have a job at pardini worldwide . 
 it 's your birthright and i wo n't let him do this to you . '' 
 uncle dominic patted him on the back as luke pinched the bridge of his nose , his face screwed up in pain . 
 i dug my nails into my palms as i watched him fight to keep his emotions from bursting out . 
 the person who he wanted to hear those words from would never do it . 
 `` i love my brother , but he has n't been himself lately . 
 no matter what , you will get what belongs to you . 
 i promise . '' 
 `` thanks , dominic . '' 
 `` i know it 's been hard dealing with your dad , but he wo n't be around much longer . 
 you have to promise me you 'll visit him more often . '' 
 a bitter look crossed luke 's face , but it softened when heard his uncle 's voice crack . 
 `` i will . '' 
 he gave him a smile and one final pat on the back , and then he walked back towards the piano . 
 `` who wants to hear some ragtime ? '' 
 a volley of cheers and whistled blasted across the room and i looked away as luke wiped his eyes with his thumb . 
 i took his hand and squeezed it . 
 `` everything will work out . '' 
 i slipped my hand into my purse and muted my phone . 
 it had been buzzing all night . 
 what did natalie want ? 
 `` we can turn in early , if you want . 
 my uncle will understand . '' 
 i nearly collapsed in relief . 
 `` really ? 
 that 'd be great , actually . '' 
 though it was only seven , i was exhausted and i thought longingly of the bed upstairs with its fluffy , white comforter . 
 luke and i went upstairs and i curled into bed as luke took a shower . 
 all was well . 
 luke 's uncle seemed like a decent man . 
 i clawed the nightstand for the remote . 
 i wanted to fix my mind on something else before i fell asleep . 
 my thumb clicked the remote , scrolling through the channels as my eyeballs burned from the bright , plasma screen . 
 jessica knight . 
 i stopped as i saw my name blazing on the television screen with an old picture of luke and i kissing in hyde park . 
 how did they find out my name ? 
 a blonde woman smiled at the camera . 
 `` today , we 've received an exclusive report about the luke pardini 's new girlfriend , or should we say , his escort . '' 
 the remote clattered loudly on the wooden floor . 
 `` jessica ? '' 
 luke 's voice said from the bathroom . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 `` jessica knight , a graduate from san francisco state university , signed up on an escort website for rich men to make ends meet . 
 the beautiful blonde caught the eye of luke pardini , son of giacomo pardini and heir to pardini worldwide . '' 
 `` hey , are you there ? '' 
 my eyes were glued to the television as horror suffocated my chest . 
 how did they find out all this ? 
 i told no one-absolutely no one . 
 neither of us had . 
 the bathroom door opened and steam poured in the bedroom . 
 i heard luke 's heavy footsteps and dreaded the moment that he would see the television screen . 
 `` jessica , what 's wrong ? 
 why are you crying ? '' 
 he looked at the screen and fell silent . 
 `` at tmz , we wondered who the mysterious blonde and where she was from , check this out - '' the screen faded into a view of a dilapidated porch of a house that i knew very well . 
 on the porch were three people : a fat blonde woman and her husband , and squeezed between them was their son , vincent . 
 a reporter held a microphone to them . 
 `` she was a problem child , but we did the best we could . 
 we had her for seven years , and then she left to join a group home . 
 we never saw her again . '' 
 shelly kramer leaned in , her watery , small eyes staring into the camera . 
 `` she had a major drug problem , behavioral issues . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` always acting out . '' 
 vincent smiled at the camera . 
 he had gained weight , but nothing else had changed . 
 his white-blonde hair still hung around his head at shoulder-length ; his small blue eyes glinted with malice . 
 he had charmed and fooled so many people with his angelic face , but a close look into his eyes was like staring into the abyss . 
 there was nothing there . 
 life is boring when you do n't have any emotions , and raping me allowed him to feel the slightest spark of excitement . 
 he was addicted to it . 
 i did n't hear the rest of the program . 
 the violence surged up my throat and i shoved luke aside to flip open the toilet seat and i voided everything in my stomach . 
 the face that haunted my thoughts for years was blown up on the television , unpunished-along with my foster parents . 
 i remembered how once shelly walked in on vincent raping me in my bedroom . 
 i looked at her , tears streaming down my face , as he released his damp hands from around my throat . 
 his cock dug inside me like a knife and it was so painful , that he choked me to keep my screams silent . 
 a scream finally left my throat , torn and ragged . 
 shelly backed away from the doorway , an unfathomable expression on her face . 
 she slammed the door shut and i heard her heavy footsteps scamper away . 
 all of it played in my mind like a movie . 
 i could n't stop it . 
 my lips dripped with vomit as i sobbed into the toilet . 
 i just wanted to end it . 
 i looked around the bathroom and saw luke 's razor perched on the sink and i lunged for it . 
 i wanted to destroy something , make someone feel a little bit of the horror i felt inside . 
 i looked at my legs and felt a surge of anger . 
 i could feel the razor blades cutting into my skin and i bit my lip , preparing to drag and slice . 
 a hand closed over my wrist and forced my hand against the wall . 
 i fought against him but he pressed down painfully and i released the blade . 
 when i opened my eyes , i saw luke 's face , livid with fear . 
 all the noise in my head stopped . 
 `` jessica , you 're safe . '' 
 my lip quivered as i looked down at the razor i held seconds ago , determined to slice my skin open . 
 what the fuck did i just do ? 
 all it took was a short video of my attackers to shatter the delusion that i had moved on . 
 that i was fixed . 
 i collapsed into luke 's arms and sobbed into his bare shoulder , filled with shame . 
 how could i think about doing that to myself ? 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` do n't be sorry , it 's not your fault . '' 
 `` i 'm so fucked up , luke . '' 
 he just held me as i cried . 
 i shook with huge wracking sobs . 
 i was boiling in pain and i did n't want to do it anymore . 
 when will i be free of them ? 
 i wanted to break away from luke and sob in private , but he refused to let me go . 
 i felt ashamed . 
 it was as though my tears were indecent , that i should hide them like everything in my past . 
 it was too ugly to talk about . 
 no one wanted to hear about my dark shit . 
 the pain subsided as my body gave into exhaustion , and then i finally , finally stopped crying . 
 `` how did they find out my name ? '' 
 i said in a shaking voice . 
 `` how did they find out all of it ? '' 
 `` someone told them your name , address , everything . 
 someone sold a story about you . '' 
 his deep voice rumbled through my chest . 
 i shook my head violently . 
 `` no , i told no one about us . 
 i swear , luke ! '' 
 except natalie . 
 i froze in luke 's arms . 
 natalie , how could you do this to me ? 
 the betrayal was like a slap to the face . 
 how could she tell them about my foster parents ? 
 fresh tears spilled down my cheeks and as luke pulled away , there was sympathy on his face-but a little anger , too . 
 `` she would never do this to me . '' 
 he smiled without humor . 
 `` just about anyone is capable of just about anything . 
 i 've had this happen to me countless times . '' 
 he stroked my hair . 
 `` i 'm sorry about this . 
 i know how it feels , believe me . '' 
 i stumbled from the bathroom in disbelief , the horror of it all pounding in my brain . 
 i dug into my purse and opened my cellphone and saw three texts : you need to call me immediately do n't let luke go on tmz jessica , i swear i did n't tell anyone there were five missed calls and two voice messages . 
 i played them both on speakerphone . 
 luke listened beside me , fury etched all over his face . 
 the first message expressed her confusion , the second one was much more clear . 
 `` jessica , '' she said in a trembling voice . 
 `` i found out what happened . 
 ben saw the photos and called tmz . 
 they offered him a lot of money for your name and background , and then they found your foster parents and they said all of those terrible things . '' 
 she began to sob . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , jessica . 
 i do n't think he meant for any of this to happen - '' i ended the voicemail . 
 somehow i felt emptier than i had before . 
 my best friend 's fiance sold me out , all because she could n't keep her trap shut . 
 i looked at him desperately . 
 `` i never told ben anything . 
 natalie knew about the website before i met you , so she must have told him . 
 i told her not to . '' 
 luke shook his head and shrugged . 
 he would n't even look at me . 
 he did n't even want to touch me . 
 i could feel his disgust for my friend , and contempt for me . 
 `` i 'm going to bed . '' 
 is this it ? 
 darkness swallowed the room as luke turned off the light . 
 i sat on the carpet , hugging my legs . 
 i was too tired , but i did n't want to join luke in the bed , when he clearly did n't want me anywhere around him . 
 how can i fix this ? 
 * * * i woke up with my back aching as luke shook me awake , his hand on my knee . 
 it took several moments for me to remember why i felt so awful . 
 his hands stroked my shoulders . 
 `` did you stay here all night ? '' 
 my eyes burned with fatigue . 
 `` i-didn ' t think you wanted me around . '' 
 luke 's face was pained . 
 `` i was angry , but not at you . '' 
 he picked me up and kissed my throat . 
 `` let 's get out of here . '' 
 i nodded , my spirits rising slightly . 
 so , we were still together , despite our secret being out in the open . 
 my heart beat against my throat as he hugged me . 
 i do n't deserve him . 
 it was hard to tell whether his aunt and uncle had seen the report on tmz . 
 by now , other gossip websites would be repeating the same story . 
 i dressed as quickly as possible , eager to leave chicago and return home . 
 return to what ? 
 to my volunteer job at the soup kitchen ? 
 to my ` best friend ' ? 
 the ten grand in my account-how long would it last ? 
 my heart pounded with anxiety . 
 i did not want to return home ; i did n't want to look at natalie and hear her useless apologies , or deal with the fact that i was still broke and jobless . 
 i have luke , i reminded myself . 
 at least i have him . 
 i watched as luke packed his bags with a bit more force than was necessary . 
 for how long , though ? 
 luke was silent all the way to the airport , and did n't speak a word to me during the flight . 
 like him , i was waiting for the axe to fall . 
 i felt relief when the pilot announced that we were flying over oakland and would be landing shortly . 
 i looked down and saw the blue , freezing water of the bay . 
 he glanced at his phone immediately after landing and stuffed it back into his jacket . 
 what now ? 
 as i followed luke out of the plane , i wondered what the hell was going to happen . 
 now that the jig was up , would we still spend every waking moment together ? 
 would luke tell me that he had enough of me and that i should go home ? 
 the thought of being away from him , even for one night , made my throat tighten . 
 i was used to being around him , comforted by his presence , and i needed his touch to be nearby . 
 i squeezed his hand as we waited in the freezing air for a cab . 
 `` i know you must be anxious to go home , but i do n't want to be alone . '' 
 he was actually asking me to stay with him . 
 `` luke , i want to be with you . '' 
 i did n't need to add that i had no desire to be in natalie 's presence , not after what her fiance did . 
 it annoyed me that there were paparazzi still clicking away at us outside sfo . 
 i could n't wait to see the headlines : luke pardini seen at sfo with blonde escort , who does he think he 's kidding ? 
 i bounced on my toes to give him a kiss . 
 he drew my body into his and bit down on my lip as i swept my tongue across his mouth . 
 my heart was pounding when he pulled away with a heated look on his face . 
 `` i ca n't wait to get home , '' he whispered in my ear as the cab pulled up . 
 twenty-minutes later , we stumbled up the steps of his victorian home in pacific heights . 
 it was one of the richest areas in san francisco , where the homes had actual driveways , a luxury in the city . 
 i barely had time to marvel at the beauty of his home before luke grabbed my hand and pulled me upstairs . 
 we ran up the steps and he pulled me to the side , his arms wrapping themselves fiercely around my waist . 
 his mouth parted and i leaned forward to taste those lips that i fantasized about all day . 
 his fingers dug into the waistband of my jeans and i slid my hands under his sweater . 
 i dragged my thumb across his hard nipple and squeezed his back muscles as he slid around my backside . 
 i could already feel his hardness grinding against my leg and my core heated , almost like i could feel him thrusting inside me already . 
 we were halfway to the bedroom and his mouth was tracing a downward path from my neck . 
 then the phone rang , jarring us out of our dance towards the bed . 
 my face hot , i looked up at luke who seemed to be debating whether to answer it or not . 
 he let out an angry sigh and kissed my head . 
 `` it might be work , just hold on . '' 
 damn it . 
 he picked the phone off the dresser and winced when he looked at the screen . 
 i felt cold all over as i realized what the expression on his face meant . 
 crap . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he barked into the phone . 
 stiffness began working itself through my limbs like poison . 
 it started in my hands , which went cold when luke left my embrace . 
 something was fighting to swim to the surface of my mind , something that made my heart sink . 
 he spat angry words into the phone , his face becoming red . 
 `` it 's not like that . '' 
 he glanced at me furtively . 
 then i knew what was going to happen . 
 i turned around , feeling oddly numb as i walked out of his bedroom and picked up my purse in the living room . 
 i waited in the foyer with my suitcase and fiddled with a piece of paper in my pocket . 
 he 's done with me . 
 that 's it . 
 i heard his slow footsteps creaking the wooden floorboards . 
 he stopped at the base of the staircase , guilt written all over his face . 
 he flipped his phone in his hands , looking at me , unable to say what i already knew . 
 `` my dad 's going to donate all of his money to charity unless i end things with you . '' 
 i nodded . 
 a quiet storm was building up in my chest and my voice was already shaking with the first throes . 
 `` so that 's it , then . 
 you 're going to do what he says . '' 
 he shrugged miserably . 
 `` what choice do i have ? '' 
 `` you have a choice , '' i fired back . 
 `` and you 've chosen to let daddy run your life . '' 
 he flinched at the condescending tone . 
 `` jessica , come on . 
 be fair . 
 we 've known each other for a couple months . 
 it was really great , but i 'm not going to give up my entire legacy for someone i barely know . 
 it 's about five billion dollars , jessica . 
 imagine what you could do with that kind of money . '' 
 no , i ca n't imagine what that would be like . 
 i ca n't even imagine a hundred thousand dollars in my bank account . 
 the hardness in his voice was like a knife in my chest . 
 `` do you really think he 'll keep his word ? 
 he 's a maniac . 
 today , you have to break up with me , but tomorrow it will be something else . '' 
 `` i ca n't take that chance . '' 
 i straightened myself , hating the calmness on his face . 
 he was determined to write me off like i meant nothing . 
 he 's not broke . 
 he had a job that , no doubt , paid an impressive salary and a house in the city that was probably worth around ten million dollars , but he still was so fucking greedy . 
 it made me sick . 
 `` what he wanted from you was to be treated like a person , not a bank . 
 he 's going to lose respect for you if you do this , and you 'll never get your precious money . '' 
 the sight of luke 's unyielding face made me erupt . 
 `` you know what ? 
 he 's right . 
 you 're nothing but a selfish , greedy wasp . 
 all you care about is money . 
 you 'll be miserable forever , just like your father . '' 
 it was the most hateful thing i ever said , but i felt satisfied when i saw luke 's stony face falter a little bit . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said in a tight voice . 
 `` but it 's over . 
 i 'll pay you the rest of the money . '' 
 `` i do n't want your fucking money ! '' 
 i screamed at his face . 
 `` i wanted you . '' 
 i got one look of his face , wretched with grief , before i grabbed my suitcase . 
 i ripped it across the floor as i crashed through the door . 
 my suitcase bounced on the steps and i sped up the hill in a blind rage , determined not to look back . 
 i waited at the muni bus stop and half-expected luke to storm up the hill , to demand an apology , to beg for my forgiveness . 
 i waited fifteen minutes , but nothing happened . 
 he did n't come . 
 chapter 10 i arrived at my apartment and slammed the door shut . 
 it was satisfying to feel the walls shake , even if i felt a little childish for such a display of temper . 
 i was angrier than i ever was in my life , but for the first time i did n't blame myself . 
 `` you 're back ! '' 
 natalie stood up from the couch in shock , but quickly sank back down at the look on my face . 
 i was not a violent person , but in that moment i really wanted to hit her . 
 `` jess , i 'm so sorry . 
 ben swore he would n't tell anyone . '' 
 her arms trembled as she approached me and her face shined with tears . 
 `` please believe me . '' 
 `` yeah , well . '' 
 i softened a bit when i saw how upset she was over it , but i still thought she should have kept silent . 
 `` you told him when i asked you not to tell anyone . 
 i made you promise . '' 
 she gave a frustrated sigh and brushed her hair back with her right hand . 
 `` i know , i 'm so sorry . '' 
 when i looked at her hands , i saw that she was n't wearing her engagement ring . 
 distracted , i momentarily forgot my anger . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 natalie 's eyes slowly watered and then before i knew it , she had launched herself in my arms . 
 she sobbed into my shoulder and i reached around to pat her back . 
 `` i do n't know if i 'm ready to marry him . 
 i do n't know whether he 's the one . 
 i was so sure before we got engaged , but then he got his new position at the law firm . 
 we barely see each other now . 
 i was so lonely when you were gone and he started this whole mess with your foster parents . '' 
 i was so angry about my situation that i did n't even consider how she must have suffered . 
 i clutched her shoulder and felt shaken . 
 she reminded me how much i needed my best friend , and how much i missed her while i was abroad . 
 `` i do n't want you to break up with him because of me . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i do n't know what i want anymore . '' 
 a small amount of guilt began to worm its way inside my heart . 
 i do not want this . 
 if natalie and ben were n't meant together , that was one thing-but i did n't want her to break up over this . 
 what if she regrets it years down the line and resents me for it ? 
 i gently disengaged myself from her arms and sat down at the kitchen table . 
 as i sat down , a wave of exhaustion slammed into me . 
 i did n't realize how tired i was from all the traveling . 
 natalie sat down across from me , her hands balled on the table . 
 `` what are you going to do about your foster parents ? '' 
 a sick feeling turned my stomach at the mention of them . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` well , they basically slandered you on television . '' 
 i let out a hollow laugh . 
 `` i 've no money to sue them . 
 besides , what they said was true . 
 i did have a drug problem and i did act out . '' 
 all of it seemed so long ago , and yet when i saw their faces i had such a visceral reaction . 
 `` only because they abused you . '' 
 i heard the anger in her voice , but i felt strangely detached from the trauma . 
 `` vincent , their son , raped me when i was ten . 
 they knew about it , but they did nothing to stop it . 
 i finally was able to leave at seventeen . '' 
 i never told her that . 
 i told luke about it , a man i knew for no more than a couple months , but not my best friend . 
 i could still hear his detached voice when he told me we were done . 
 we shared each other 's dark secrets . 
 i slept with him . 
 he told me things that made me glow , but in the end nothing was more important than his money . 
 i tried to swallow down the lump rising up my throat . 
 she bit her lip . 
 when she spoke , it was in a quiet voice . 
 `` i did n't know that it started so young , but i always knew something was wrong . 
 why did n't you tell anyone ? '' 
 her eyes gleamed with a bit of hurt . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` you do n't understand . 
 he manipulated me . 
 he told me i wanted it-that if i loved him i would have sex with him , that it was what good girls did . 
 when that stopped working , he threatened to kill me , or himself . 
 so , i did whatever he said . 
 then he had me under complete control and there was no need for threats . 
 sometimes , i could feel my body responding to him and it absolutely sickened me , because i hated him so much . 
 i felt ruined and worthless . '' 
 i waited for the tears to come , but they never did . 
 i think i exhausted my ability to cry over the kramers in the chicago mansion . 
 another small victory . 
 natalie 's face was frozen in that pitying , horrified expression that i loathed . 
 `` jessica , you should turn him in . 
 go to the police . '' 
 `` no , '' i said in a sharp voice . 
 `` i do n't want to relive everything . 
 i do n't want to go through all of that only to see him walk . 
 i do n't have any evidence . '' 
 she looked like she wanted to argue , but she closed her mouth under my glare . 
 `` what about luke ? '' 
 suddenly , i was a lot less willing to discuss him . 
 `` what about him ? '' 
 natalie rolled her eyes . 
 `` what happened between you guys ? '' 
 `` he broke up with me , '' i snapped . 
 she threw her hands up . 
 `` geez , jessica . 
 i just wanted to know . '' 
 my hands gripped the splintered edge of the crappy kitchen table . 
 `` he was the best thing in my life . 
 when we first started out , i thought he was just going to be a typical spoiled rich boy , but he 's not at all like that . 
 luke made me feel like i was normal . 
 he made me feel cherished , and i 've never felt that in my life . '' 
 there was a rattling sound as natalie reached into the cupboard to grab two mugs . 
 `` i knew he would hurt you . 
 i know that you think that he was great , but he still dumped you over a bit of money . '' 
 `` it was n't a bit of money , '' i said hollowly . 
 `` his father 's worth five billion . '' 
 she whirled around with the two mugs and one of them careened out of her grip to smash on the floor . 
 she did n't even look down . 
 `` natalie ! '' 
 `` five billion ? '' 
 she ignored the smashed mug as a wistful look came over her face . 
 `` there 's no way his father would give him that much . 
 rich people always leave a portion to charity , to people in their lives-i do n't know . '' 
 as natalie sank to the floor , i traced a circle into the table with my finger . 
 maybe i was a bit ridiculous to assume he would choose me over all that money . 
 `` anyways , his dad called and demanded that he stop seeing me , or luke would never see a cent of that money . 
 so he did . '' 
 she looked up as she heard the tremble in my voice . 
 `` how are you holding up with all this ? '' 
 i covered my face with my hands . 
 i tried to shrug it off , but my breath choked and natalie sprang to her feet with broken bits of ceramic in her hands . 
 the truth was that it hurt a lot to be passed over for money . 
 i told him i did n't care . 
 i did n't want to take his money . 
 ten grand a month was nothing compared to the amount that his father would leave him . 
 if he left him any money at all . 
 i love him . 
 i thought of the old saying , `` better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all . '' 
 whoever came up with that was full of shit . 
 it was far worse to have a brief taste of true happiness , only to have it ripped away forever . 
 ignorance is bliss . 
 natalie 's gripped my shoulders and hugged my back . 
 `` jessica , you deserve better . 
 you will find better . '' 
 `` no , i wo n't . '' 
 `` yes , you will . 
 i do n't care how much money it was . 
 do you think that money would make a difference in his hedonistic lifestyle ? 
 he already has millions . 
 what 's the difference ? 
 is there a super exclusive club for billionaires only , or something ? 
 or maybe he would n't be able to buy the private tropical island he always wanted . 
 cry me a goddamn river . '' 
 my heart blazed because she was right , but then i remembered what brandon told me . 
 `` it 's not about the money , it 's - his legacy . '' 
 `` you make your own legacy . '' 
 my heart kept flip-flopping . 
 it was a lot of money and luke barely knew me . 
 i gripped my hair and pulled . 
 whatever . 
 it did n't matter . 
 it was no good to keep obsessing over him . 
 the best thing i could do for myself was move on . 
 * * * i spent the next day in a jet-lagged stupor . 
 i felt like shit . 
 the best thing i had in my life was gone , and the money in my bank was dwindling . 
 i sat in my computer chair , staring at the four-digit number in my bank account . 
 my eyes blurred . 
 i would give it all to have him back . 
 more than anything , i wanted to fall into his arms . 
 his hands sliding up and down my body was a greater balm than any drug i ever took . 
 i opened my phone , hoping to have a voicemail expressing his sincerest regret and begging me to come back , but there was nothing . 
 i should just google him . 
 i promised natalie i would n't , but it was too easy for me to type his name into that white bar and hit ` enter . ' 
 luke pardini takes red-eye to chicago without blonde escort i balked at `` blonde escort , '' but at least they were n't mentioning me by name . 
 i clicked on the link as my stomach fell through . 
 he left already ? 
 there was a picture of him dressed in the same clothes i 'd seen him in yesterday . 
 his suitcase was in his hand as he dashed across sfo . 
 another picture showed him arriving in chicago . 
 had his father taken a turn for the worse ? 
 is that why he left so abruptly ? 
 maybe he changed his mind . 
 `` if he changed his mind , he would have told you . 
 he 's done with you . 
 get over it , '' i said to the empty room . 
 my email suddenly blinked and i realized i had several unread emails . 
 recognizing neither , i clicked on the first . 
 holy shit ! 
 i quickly scanned it and realized i had an interview at one of the places i had applied to before i left to london . 
 the interview was in a few days . 
 i hastily shot them an email , agreeing to the interview . 
 finally ! 
 i tried not to get my hopes up , but i could n't help but grin as i reread the email . 
 suddenly , a horrifying thought popped in my head : what if they google my name and find all these escort articles ? 
 i headed to the bookmarked sugarbaby website and typed in my username and password . 
 i was determined to delete everything , but something happened . 
 error : that username does not exist what ? 
 of course , it exists ! 
 i tried it again . 
 nothing . 
 i tried to log into the email i created for the account and that was gone too . 
 finally , i tried searching for myself on the sugarbaby website . 
 then i looked for luke 's . 
 nothing . 
 it was as if everything vanished . 
 luke must have paid someone to do this . 
 to hide the evidence . 
 the euphoria at getting a job interview quickly evaporated . 
 standing up , i decided to go to the store . 
 i needed to get out of the stifling apartment . 
 natalie was at work and i hated the silence that permeated the walls . 
 i grabbed my purse and flung open the door as a crowd of people surrounded me , screaming . 
 what the fuck ? 
 i blinked in the unusually bright , winter sunlight . 
 `` miss knight ! '' 
 they elbowed each other in their attempts to shove huge black cameras in my face . 
 flash . 
 click . 
 `` miss knight , what did you and luke do together ? 
 would you like to sell a story to huffington post ? '' 
 the woman shoved a microphone under my nose . 
 i stared at in shock for a second , refusing to look at the huge video camera aimed at my face , and smacked it away . 
 did n't they understand that i did n't want to be harassed ? 
 `` no . 
 get off of my lawn . '' 
 none of them budged . 
 when i was with luke , he always shoved through the paparazzi like moving through a packed concert . 
 i edged through them to get to my crappy car parked on the street . 
 they followed me like a strange , nonthreatening mob and encircled my car . 
 all of their requests were drowned by the car 's engine and they finally moved out of the way when it lurched forward . 
 they took pictures through the windshield ; some of them still screaming requests . 
 jesus . 
 how long is this going to last ? 
 surely , people would get tired of reading about the blonde hooker-escort , or whatever it was they were calling me . 
 i did n't really feel like going to the store because i knew i would have to drive back home with the groceries , where they were camped out . 
 i veered my car into the highway and headed instead towards the soup kitchen . 
 i was n't scheduled to come in , but i could n't handle sitting in my apartment alone all day . 
 as i walked towards the kitchen , i saw that half its windows were smashed . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i asked the men sweeping up the broken glass . 
 they shrugged . 
 `` i do n't think you 're supposed to go in there . '' 
 ignoring him , i pushed through the door and my shoes crunched over broken glass . 
 inside was a scene of devastation . 
 black graffiti covered the yellow walls in high arches . 
 i bent over and righted a chair . 
 as i walked through to the kitchen , a sick feeling descended over me . 
 shelly was there with a clipboard in her hands , shaking her head . 
 `` our inventory suffered a huge loss . 
 they took our best pots and made a mess out of the pantry . '' 
 `` who did this ? '' 
 i said , shaking with quiet fury . 
 `` you have n't even seen the worst of it . '' 
 she beckoned me to the back , which led to the small garden i helped build . 
 i stared in dismay at the lumps of brown earth everywhere and pushed the door open in a rage . 
 there was nothing left but tatters of green , scattered among the earth . 
 all of our herbs-gone . 
 the bok choy and the cabbage lay on the earth like headless corpses . 
 weeks of work , gone in an instant . 
 `` it does n't matter , '' i croaked . 
 `` we 'll just have to do it again . 
 re-plant everything . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure carol will want to . 
 it 'll be hard enough replacing all the supplies we lost . 
 there 's just no money in the budget for the garden . '' 
 i felt the familiar sting of frustration at carol 's rigid policies until i remembered : i have money . 
 i could pour thousands into this place . 
 ok , it was n't like i had thousands upon thousands , but the money luke gave me would help repair most of the damage . 
 giving your money away is such a stupid idea . 
 but the money was making me feel sick . 
 i did n't want it anymore . 
 the articles written about me made me feel ashamed , even though i had done nothing wrong . 
 it reminded me that at its core , our relationship was represented by dollar signs . 
 i knew that it meant much more than that , but to feel good about myself i had to get rid of it . 
 all of it . 
 i cried when i got home and wrote the check , clutching an eight thousand , five hundred and sixty two dollar check . 
 i could n't exactly empty my entire bank account-i still needed to eat and pay my bills-but at least most of it was gone . 
 you are so fucking stupid . 
 just shoot yourself now . 
 it would be the most generous , stupid thing i ever did . 
 natalie 's going to freak . 
 `` are you sure you want to do this ? '' 
 carol looked at me as if i was on the edge of sanity , which i probably was . 
 just take it before i change my mind . 
 `` yes , on one condition , though . '' 
 she folded her arms . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i want more authority in the kitchen . 
 i want to be able to make whatever i want . 
 i also want to install a security system so that this never happens again . 
 cameras and padlocked gates enclosing the backyard . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 carol stuck out her hand and i grabbed it numbly . 
 fine ? 
 i was expecting a fight , but i guess once i started waving money in front of her face-nothing else mattered . 
 i turned around and tried to ignore the screaming voice in my head , calling me an idiot for spending the majority of my money . 
 what would happen when another disaster hit and the soup kitchen ran out of funds ? 
 you 're only doing this for luke . 
 to prove to him that you do n't want his money . 
 as i got in my car , i turned the volume way up in the hopes it would drown out the voice in my head . 
 * * * at the end of another workday , the bart ground to a halt at my stop and i wearily stood to my feet , following the rush of passengers into the frigid air . 
 i walked down the steps and thought back to the time when i hurried up these steps in a borrowed dress to meet luke in the city . 
 when i first met him , he was like a dream . 
 i could remember all the times he held me . 
 i remembered his hands , which had begun to learn where i liked to be touched the most , and i felt so damn lonely . 
 i had a job . 
 health insurance . 
 i was in therapy for the first time in my life . 
 all was well , except that at night , i still cried for the man who had ditched me . 
 `` there are plenty of other guys out there , '' natalie repeated over and over . 
 `` tons . '' 
 except there was only one man i was interested in . 
 he saved me-he changed my life . 
 i was almost sorry to see the paparazzi dwindle from my lawn . 
 it was a testament to time . 
 gradually , the scandal of our brief relationship was ebbing away . 
 no one cared anymore . 
 i wondered , as i did often , if luke thought of me as often as i did . 
 was his father still alive ? 
 was he still catering to his every demand ? 
 once or twice , i thought about calling him , but i did n't want to be that girl . 
 i was n't going to be pathetic-i would not chase after a man who did n't want me . 
 i did n't need him . 
 that 's what i told myself , anyways . 
 i hope he 's happy , wherever he is . 
 the thought of him spending the rest of his days miserable made my heart sick , and yet it was i who told him that he would . 
 i wished i could take those words back . 
 i was in a gloomy mood when i shoved through the front door . 
 christmas was next week and natalie was going home to her parents . 
 she and ben were taking a break , so the holidays were going to be rough for her . 
 i was staying behind . 
 luke will probably be lonely , too . 
 he has nothing but vipers in his family . 
 `` natalie , '' i called out as i opened my apartment door and shut it behind me . 
 `` i hope to god we have booze , because i 'm feeling the need to do some drinking . '' 
 `` in here . '' 
 her voice sounded strange . 
 did ben call ? 
 i hung up my scarf and coat rather quickly . 
 i walked into the kitchen and stopped abruptly . 
 he was there , sitting around our crappy kitchen table . 
 his back was to me , but i recognized his dark brown head and his straight back . 
 he wore a black cashmere sweater and dark jeans that looked like they had been ironed . 
 his head turned around and those lips that i had fantasized about every day , spoke to me . 
 `` jessica . '' 
 behind him , natalie stood up and retreated to her bedroom . 
 i was still too stunned to really register that he was actually here , in my apartment . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i thought briefly of running into his arms while sobbing madly , which was what always happened in romantic comedies , but that was n't my instinct . 
 i just felt numb . 
 he stood up but did n't come any closer . 
 i realized with a shock that luke 's eyes were gleaming . 
 was he crying ? 
 `` these past few weeks have been the worst in my life . 
 i could n't stop thinking about what you said - '' it swelled inside me . 
 `` luke , i did n't mean it . 
 you 're a wonderful person ; you 're my favorite person . 
 you 're not like your dad . '' 
 `` i was . '' 
 i could tell how much it hurt him to admit it . 
 he pushed himself off the table and walked to me , and my heart sped as he came closer . 
 `` i heard what you did with my money . 
 i was thinking about you one night and i looked up your kitchen 's website . 
 i saw your name on the front page , and i knew what you had done . '' 
 he touched my face and a torrent of emotion suddenly boiled up , like the burst of liquid from a shaken soda can . 
 `` you left me . 
 you made me feel like i was nothing . '' 
 `` i know - '' `` i had to deal with all this craziness on my own . '' 
 tears slid down my face , but i stared at him boldly . 
 i was trying to look for something inside him that would make up for his terrible behavior . 
 `` i know and i 'm so sorry . '' 
 he grasped my hand and squeezed it , willing me to be silent . 
 `` these past few weeks have been miserable . 
 i missed you so much . 
 i realized how much i love who you are . 
 you 're the bravest girl i 've ever met , and you 're beautiful and honest . 
 you could have made money by selling stories to the press , but you did n't . '' 
 i choked into the hands that cradled my face . 
 `` i do n't know where this is headed , but i ca n't let you go . 
 i know that i 'll never find someone like you . '' 
 i do n't know which of us started forward , but we both launched ourselves and our faces joined , the salty tears dripping into my mouth as he held me so tightly against his chest that i could n't breathe . 
 then i felt like i was in one of those romantic comedies , those silly movies where the man picks up the girl in his arms and kisses her like it 's the last one he 'll ever have . 
 he came back for me . 
 i broke off the kiss and laughed in utter joy as luke 's smile spread across his face . 
 chapter 11 i stretched out on the beach towel , closing my eyes as the sun stroked my body with its warm gaze . 
 the gentle roll of the ocean soothed my ears with its gentle lullaby . 
 eyes closed , i groped with my hand and found the tropical drink perched on a mound of hot sand . 
 i could get used to this . 
 there were perks to having a rich boyfriend with access to one of the most exclusive , private beaches in bora bora . 
 i opened my eyes cautiously and a bright sky burned my eyeballs . 
 i sat up and watched luke swimming through the ocean waves , his arms rising and water droplets glittering from them like diamonds . 
 he needed to get away from it all . 
 luke managed to reconcile with his father . 
 he told me that he went to the hospice after we broke up . 
 after his father died , luke only received a meager five hundred thousand with a note : after all these years , i realized i loved the money more than my own family . 
 it 's too much for one person . 
 i do not want to change the man you 've become . 
 i love you , luke . 
 - dad luke 's father had given a similar portion to his uncle , who did not waste time in uttering how disappointed he was . 
 the remainder of his fortune was given to charities and other businesses . 
 luke had already raged and grieved over the money . 
 `` i 'm glad that he and i made up before he died , but it still does n't change the fact that he was a bastard for most of my life , '' he had told me . 
 `` this is the final insult . '' 
 he may not have believed in the message his father wrote , but i did . 
 my eyes teared under the blazing sun as i recalled the words on his father 's last farewell . 
 i hastily wiped the wetness from my eyes as luke emerged from the water , his board trailing behind him . 
 dripping , he sat down next to me and immediately leaned over . 
 water from his hair dripped over my face , but i did n't mind because it was so hot . 
 he blocked out the sun and smiled as his dripping head hovered over mine . 
 `` you want something ? '' 
 `` come in the water with me . '' 
 my skin was baking with heat . 
 i allowed him to pull me upright , not before i wrapped my hands around his head and kissed him . 
 `` we should do this more often . '' 
 `` what ? 
 kiss ? '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` well , yes , but i meant that we should take more vacations . '' 
 `` well , we 've only been together for six months . 
 i do n't have as many vacation days as you . '' 
 it had been six amazing months . 
 after work , luke would usually pick me up and we would have dinner . 
 i spent a lot of nights at his place , but i had n't abandoned my apartment , yet . 
 i was n't ready to move in with him . 
 besides , there was still natalie . 
 i frowned as i thought of her . 
 she split up with ben , her long time college sweetheart and fiance . 
 natalie spent a lot of her days with a box of tissues nearby . 
 i felt bad because things were going so well for me . 
 `` you 're thinking about her again , are n't you ? '' 
 i shrugged , avoiding his eyes . 
 `` i ca n't help it . 
 she 's all alone . '' 
 `` you were all alone , too . 
 natalie will be fine . 
 she has a very supportive family . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` ca n't you set her up with one of your friends ? '' 
 he sighed and shook his head . 
 `` i can try . '' 
 i felt a rush of affection for my boyfriend and i held him tightly against my chest . 
 `` thanks . 
 i love you . '' 
 his lips , soft against my cheek , raised a thrill inside me . 
 i melted into his touch , bewildered by my love for him . 
 i could never understand how he made me feel so complete . 
 luke helped me mend the hole in my heart . 
 i did n't think i would ever be afraid of anything again . 
 `` i love you , too . '' 
