 one victoria jane montgomery i wake up in the dark , alone , cold ... and restrained : leather belts on my ankles and wrists . 
 my wrist shackles are so tight they are chaffing . 
 i feel groggy and sick and quite frankly scared . 
 i lift my head , look down and see that i am dressed in a hospital gown and robe . 
 my head throbs relentlessly , but i widen my eyes despite the blinding pain and cast them at the shadows and shapes around me . 
 as my eyes become accustomed to the darkness i see that i am in a room , empty but for me and the bed i am lying in . 
 there are no windows , only a large metal door with a covered peephole . 
 i listen intently . 
 not a single sound . 
 even my own breathing seems noiseless . 
 then : in the distance i hear the grate of a key in a metal lock . 
 a woman wails down a corridor . 
 the sound echoes eerily . 
 a heavy door slams shut with a clanking sound and the impenetrable silence returns . 
 i cough . 
 the sound is loud and unnatural in the bare coldness of my surroundings . 
 they have cut me away , their own daughter , and abandoned me here , in this mad house . 
 why did i not expect this ? 
 why am i so surprised ? 
 because i 'm not mad . 
 there is darkness in my head , but my mind is bright and alive . 
 razor sharp . 
 ` you 're here for a rest , ' the large , spectacularly ugly nurse said , when two orderlies hauled me into the hospital 's reception area , kicking and screaming . 
 she sounded conciliatory . 
 as an answer i bit her like a wild animal . 
 big mistake . 
 she screamed like a banshee , they stuck a needle into my arm , and i lost that argument . 
 my father stood back , staring , disbelief etched on his horrified face . 
 ` take me home , please , ' i whispered to him before blackness came to take me . 
 i guess he ignored my plea . 
 and now , here i am , in this cold functional cell . 
 angry tears gather in my eyes and flow down my temples and into my hair . 
 the fury rages until it becomes a sickening , powerless sorrow . 
 i wallow in it until a sound inside the room rouses me . 
 my senses on high alert , i jerk my head towards it . 
 it seems to be coming from the left of me . 
 it is too dark to see anything , but it sounds like the flapping of wings . 
 bats or birds . 
 adrenaline pumps through my body . 
 strapped down , i am easy prey for whatever is in the room with me . 
 for the first time in my life i feel terrified . 
 the temperature in the room drops suddenly and an inexplicable freezing cold descends upon me . 
 utterly terrified , i begin to shiver violently . 
 i scream when my shackles are suddenly and miraculously loosened . 
 shocked , i pull my shaking limbs out of them and sit up . 
 my heart is pounding so hard i can hear my blood roaring in my ears . 
 for a moment i think my mind is playing tricks on me , but no-light is slowly filtering into the room , diluting the blackness . 
 my pupils are so widely dilated and my retinas so exposed by the blackness that i have to shield my eyes with my hands . 
 the light is coming from what appears to be another entrance-one i had not noticed before . 
 it is covered by floor length , thick red curtains . 
 i drop my feet to the ground . 
 the floor is ice cold , damp and clammy . 
 i stand slowly . 
 the room reeks of old metal . 
 as if in a trance i walk towards the concealed entrance and draw the curtains back . 
 i stand before antique , etched , leaded and stained glass doors . 
 through the glass i see a full , blood-red moon glowing in an unrelievedly black sky . 
 i experience no fear . 
 i push open the beautiful doors and enter a stone balcony . 
 it is decorated with gothic friezes and gargoyles , and it is totally alien to , totally at odds with the bare , functional room i have been in . 
 it almost feels as if i have stepped back in time or into a different dimension . 
 the stone is freezing cold on my bare feet and the temperature is that of a winter night . 
 my breath frosts in the wintery air , and yet i feel as warm as a sunned cat . 
 there is a sudden crash of thunder and the black sky splits open . 
 as i watch , bright , shining light pours out of the crack . 
 it turns into the shape of a very large bird that flies down . 
 it lands on the balustrade in front of me and becomes utterly motionless . 
 its silence and stillness are such that it is deathlike . 
 i gaze at it , this creature , this presence , with awe . 
 it is the most splendid thing i have ever seen . 
 brilliantly colored and shimmering , its head is in profile so only one crimson eye is exposed to me . 
 and all of a sudden , with a surge of joy , i understand : i am looking at the all-seeing eye . 
 it is the great one himself . 
 el ! 
 he has taken the form of the phoenix that is on my family 's coat of arms . 
 he has come for me ! 
 i have not been deserted . 
 you are victoria jane montgomery . 
 his voice reverberates inside my brain , piercing , intrusive and shocking . 
 my hands shoot upward to grip either side of my head as i drop to my knees . 
 i experience no pain as my kneecaps strike the stone floor . 
 only swallowed and possessed from within . 
 ` master , ' i whisper from my prone position . 
 your bloodline and heritage are pristine and privileged ... a gift . 
 i turn my awed gaze up to the unblinking ruby stare that has seen it all . 
 the ruby eye becomes darker and darker until it is a black hole that i am traveling inside . 
 thousands of years of the sublime and the profane open up to me like a blood-sodden flower . 
 the air leaves my lungs . 
 and ancient knowledge pours from the great bird like lava from a mountain . 
 with it comes the knowing that this place will not contain me one moment longer than i decree . 
 this is not a place of purgatory , but a sanctuary where i may lay my plans and grow to unimaginable heights . 
 i see now that i am the chosen one . 
 my brother has been and always will be weak . 
 i will be the head of the montgomery dynasty . 
 i will bring chaos . 
 i have been chosen to do so . 
 then the great bird opens its magnificent wings and flies away , and i am back in bed , restrained , my heart racing . 
 but transformed , illuminated and imaginably powerful . 
 i smile . 
 i am one of the chosen ones . 
 my only sin was to love and love too well . 
 it was a mistake . 
 i see that now . 
 i wasted myself on him . 
 still , i have learned from it so it was a useful mistake . 
 this place will not be the end of me . 
 never again will they stick a needle in me . 
 i will affect submissive docility . 
 i will beat them at their own game . 
 i notice that they have cut my elegant nails to the quick . 
 no matter . 
 i will beat them at their own game . 
 i am not mad . 
 i do n't belong within these walls . 
 this is only the temporary seat of my power . 
 from here i will destroy the man who tried to destroy me . 
 blake law barrington-you thought you could put me out like trash , and someone would come along and remove me from your life ... foolish man . 
 i know a secret , a secret so explosive that it will turn to dust the very foundations of the life you have built . 
 i will have my revenge . 
 with a single , brutal blow i will bring you to your f ** king knees . 
 two lana barrington no matter what has happened . 
 no matter what you have done . 
 no matter what you will do . 
 i will always love you . 
 i swear it . 
 - defiance , c. j. redwine he turns towards me . 
 in the firelight he is impossibly chiseled , his eyes light and piercing , a hint of mystery about the corners of his mouth . 
 we are on the first leg of our honeymoon , in the middle of the desert . 
 blake hired an old-fashioned camel caravan because he wanted us to mimic the ancient journeys of the silk road . 
 i stare at his beauty , memorizing it for the days when we will be old , feeble and sitting on a swing waiting for our grandchildren to come around , and they will be many . ' 
 i want another child , ' i tell him . 
 he reaches for me , his eyes suddenly dark and unfathomable . 
 ` not yet , lana . 
 we will have them , as many as you desire , boys and girls , but for a little while let me have you and sorab to myself . 
 i have never been so happy . 
 just for a year i wish for nothing more than only the three of us . 
 our little family . ' 
 i smile at him . 
 ` one year ? ' 
 he nods , as hopeful as a child . 
 i laugh . 
 ` ok . ' 
 he pours tequila into two glasses . 
 shakes salt on the sides of our fists . 
 it is strange drinking tequila in the desert . 
 i look up at the night sky . 
 slow magic . 
 the stars are shining like white-flamed candles in a pitch-black background , and there are so many shooting stars they seem to be raining down on us . 
 ` besides , ' he adds . ' 
 i want you to be able to do everything you ever wanted to , go where you have n't , see what you have n't , and experience it all . 
 you will be pregnant when you 're twenty-three , and four , and five , for as many times as you desire . ' ' 
 i only want three , ' i protest with a laugh . 
 and then my voice becomes serious . 
 ` but i want to adopt a couple , too . ' 
 he raises an enquiring eyebrow . 
 ` i 've always wanted to change a child 's life , ' i explain . 
 ` to take it away from a situation where it could never prosper and give it everything i am able to . ' 
 ` the house is certainly big enough ' . 
 ` thank you , my darling . ' 
 i lean forward and kiss him chastely on his cheek . 
 my mouth lingers . 
 he moves so it is his mouth on my cheek . 
 ` the last time , ' he says softly against my cheek , ' i missed everything . 
 this time i want it all . 
 i want to see your belly grow big with our child , your ankles swell up , and i want to be there when his or her head shows , and you are screaming blue murder . 
 i want to wake up at ungodly hours and watch you feed them . ' 
 ` stop , you 're putting me off . ' 
 he takes my hand gently . 
 ` i 'm so proud of you . ' 
 the fire crackles . 
 i move back and gaze at the hawk-like noses of the cameleers gathered around another fire a few yards away , to listen to an old man with a narrow , deeply wrinkled face tell stories . 
 his voice is a hoarse whisper . 
 the long sleeves of his gray tunic rise in a sweeping dramatic movement to point at some boulders in the distance . 
 i wonder what tale he is weaving for them . 
 he strokes his beard , his eyes shining in the light , and the circle of men , squatting on their heels , lean forward eagerly , thrusting their heads out like lizards . 
 i turn toward blake . 
 in the firelight he is watching me . 
 ` why ? ' 
 i ask . '' 
 when i saw you standing at the edge of the dance floor in your ruined dress , looking so lost and fragile , i felt like someone had stabbed me right in the heart . 
 and yet you were more dignified and beautiful in your disgrace than any well-bred , stiff upper lip royalty . ' 
 i shake my head ; the memory is fresh and hurtful . 
 ` no , i was n't brave at all . 
 i wanted to run away . 
 i was so embarrassed . 
 i 've never been so humiliated in all my life . 
 all those people gawking at me , some secretly pleased , others pitying . 
 i honestly thought our wedding was totally ruined . ' 
 i press my fingers to his lips . 
 ` but then you came and caught me up in your eyes and swept me into that dance . 
 and suddenly , it was as if i was in a beautiful dream . 
 i forgot everyone else-no one and nothing mattered , except you and me and our love for each other . ' 
 ` because no one and nothing matters except you and me and sorab . ' 
 ` and billie and jack , ' i add impishly . 
 he remains serious . 
 ` and all our other children when they come along . ' 
 i take his serious tone . 
 ` what 's going to happen to her ? ' 
 he looks away from me , and stares unseeing into the leaping fire close to us . 
 ` after you left with billie i went to see her . 
 i was so furious i wanted to kill her . 
 i had to clench my hands into hard fists and hold them tight against my sides when i saw her , but almost instantly , i realized that something was very wrong with her . 
 i had become an obsession . 
 she was mad in a way i had never suspected . 
 she did n't need to be punched , she needed psychiatric help . 
 so i called her father and he agreed to commit her to an asylum . ' 
 he turns back to face me and looks deeply into my eyes . 
 his voice is strong and edged with some deep emotion . 
 ` she will never bother you again . ' 
 ` what about when she comes out ? ' 
 ` she wo n't come out until she is diagnosed as well again . 
 the tests she will have to pass are very rigorous and mean continuous observation over a long period . 
 it will be impossible for her or anyone to fool the panel of psychiatrists . 
 and i will be kept abreast of all her development . ' 
 ` that 's good to know . ' 
 i pause . 
 ` blake , how safe is sorab ? ' 
 he frowns . 
 ` from her ? ' 
 ` no , not from her . 
 just generally . ' 
 ` he is very safe . 
 why do you ask ? ' 
 ` even the president of america is not so safe that he ca n't be assassinated . ' 
 ` the president of america is assassinated if and when his controllers decide he is no longer a good puppet for them . 
 otherwise , he is impossible to assassinate . ' 
 ` my mother once told me a king is always killed by his courtiers . ' 
 ` that 's true , too . 
 only they know the weakest spot to strike . ' 
 ` who are your courtiers ? ' 
 ` why are you so afraid ? ' 
 ` because you are . ' 
 he jerks his head in surprise , but i carry on . ' 
 i feel your fear all the time . 
 i feel it in the constant surveillance we are subjected to , in your voice , in your body . 
 who are we being protected from , blake ? ' 
 ` no one . 
 i 'm just a very thorough and cautious man . 
 i do n't trust anyone and i would rather be safe than sorry . 
 now tell me . ' 
 he smiles . 
 ` is this the kind of conversation a girl has with her husband on her honeymoon ? ' 
 i laugh . 
 it 's a nervous twitter , but it seems enough for him . 
 ` what happened to the panties with the lacy bits and the new techniques from london , you little minx ? ' 
 i stand . 
 ` come into my tent in five minutes and i 'll show you . ' 
 then i turn and walk away , purposely swaying my hips in an exaggerated manner , so the robes swing tantalizingly around my body . 
 at the tent entrance i turn to look at him . 
 he is a silhouette , watching . 
 and , for some reason , tense . 
 slightly confused , i enter the tent , and stand for a moment behind the tent flap . 
 i love blake with all my heart , but his secrets are like a chasm between us . 
 i get that he is trying to protect sorab and me , but it pains me terribly to know that i have been deemed unsuitable to share his burdens . 
 for a moment , i close my eyes and give myself a talking to . 
 this is your honeymoon , lana barrington . 
 are you going to spoil it ? 
 no , i 'm not . 
 i 'm going to remember tonight as one of the best times of my life . 
 i open my eyes and look anew at the magic that surrounds me . 
 it is as if we have gone back in time . 
 i note the wood stove , the cheap artificial carpets , the oil burning brass lamps , the antique wind-up gramophone , and the low bed , its orange silk sheets strewn with rose petals : our marriage bed . 
 the smiling boy , abdul , has done this . 
 it is a sweet touch . 
 the illusion is so perfect it is almost impossible to think that another world with internet access , and automobiles , and tvs , and all manner of modern conveniences , exists . 
 strange , but i almost prefer this , this uncivilized existence . 
 meager and brutal , but real and honest . 
 perhaps , in an odd sort of way , i have already nearly exhausted the trappings of wealth . 
 i no longer care if my handbag has a chanel logo on it . 
 in fact , by a strange reversal i see the fake chanel bag as the intelligent choice . 
 the owners of the fake bags are the smart ones . 
 they have understood a logic that the rest of us have been blinded to by clever marketing . 
 why pay seven thousand pounds for a bag you can get for twenty-five at the market ? 
 especially since some of the fakes are so good the difference can not be seen by the naked eye . 
 a great con indeed . 
 my eyes return to the gramophone and my lips widen with pleasure . 
 blake remembered . 
 i told him my grandfather had had one similar to this . 
 i walk towards it . 
 it is made of wood and it smells of lemon oil . 
 i stroke the lovingly polished wood . 
 i know exactly how to work it . 
 beside it there are new needles in a plastic bag . 
 i take one out , and , carefully unscrewing the thumbscrew , insert the flat end of the needle into the hole . 
 cautiously , i screw it back on , as my grandfather stands over my left shoulder , saying in his gravelly voice , ` be very , very careful , azizam , the thumbscrew can be anywhere from sixty to a hundred years old . ' 
 there is no one to call me azizam , my dear , anymore . 
 with the new needle installed , i go through the selection of records beside the machine . 
 old persian music . 
 how thoughtful my husband is . 
 i take a record out of its sleeve , dust it with the tip of my sleeve , and place it on the turntable . 
 with a smile of anticipation-this is always the best bit-i turn the crank on the side of the machine until i feel resistance . 
 with the main spring wound , i release the brake lever , and the turntable starts spinning . 
 i lower the soundbox onto the smooth outer rim , gently push it , and watch it slide into the playing groove . 
 crackling persian music fills the tent . 
 my grandfather smiles as i sink down on some cushions . 
 the air around me shimmers with memories . 
 my mother is still alive . 
 it is norouz and all the children in the neighborhood are jumping over the fire for good luck . 
 old behrouz , the sweet seller , brings sweets in a cloth bag . 
 from his wrinkled mouth flow stories of heroic warriors from times gone by . 
 there are all kinds of delicacies to eat and money to be had from the elders . 
 but the memories are old and faded around the edges . 
 they do n't remain . 
 i stand , remove my long , thick robes and toss them on the carpet . 
 they land , heavy , weighted with sweat and fine golden sand . 
 i remove the expensive bits of underwear that i came to the desert with , and finding the long transparent blue veil i bought in the covered market , wrap it around my body and tie it over my br ** sts like a sarong . 
 there is only a small hand mirror with a carved silver back . 
 i pull it down my body to see what i look like . 
 my flesh looks pale , my ni ** les are twin peaks , and my belly button is a dark , round shape . 
 i hear a rustle outside and moving to the middle pole drape myself around it . 
 the tent flap opens . 
 three a cold gust of wind redolent with the smell of spit-roasted mutton scatters goose bumps on my naked flesh and makes the open flames dance . 
 blake stands stooped at the entrance . 
 his gaze , smoky with alcohol , ignites , and his breath comes out in a hiss . 
 he had not expected such a gift . 
 whatever tension had lurked in his eyes while we were out there is no longer . 
 now they shine like gems in the yellow light cast by the lamps and candles . 
 he does n't say anything . 
 simply comes to within a foot of me , and stares : a hot , slow gaze . 
 he seems different . 
 he seems almost astonished ... maybe i am different too . 
 his eyes meet mine , enchanting me with their magic , filling me with desert lust . 
 he reaches out a hand towards the veil , but i swirl away , nimble and light as an air sprite , and stretching my hands high over my head , i dance . 
 the pulsating drums move my bare feet as i snake my body around the wailing music . 
 i drag my hands up my thighs , my hips , up to my waist , and higher still , until they reach my br ** sts . 
 impulsively i pinch my ni ** les . 
 his eyes flare . 
 heat flushes in my belly . 
 my ni ** les feel raw and my sex is swollen so thick i feel the lips rub sinuously against each other : maddening me . 
 i look at him sensuously , with half-closed , come-hither eyes . 
 he responds to my silent call . 
 he moves fast and is suddenly so close by , his deep voice vibrates inside my head . 
 ` who owns this glorious creature ? ' 
 ` the one who dares ... ' i suggest , my voice trailing away wickedly . 
 like the honey you leave as a trap for the unwary . ' 
 i dare , ' he whispers . 
 i pull the veil over my face so only my eyes are visible and , turning from the neck , look up at him . 
 ` are you sure ? ' 
 i ask saucily . 
 an intrigued eyebrow lifts . 
 ` you should come with a warning , a bit like the cigarette manufacturers are forced to have on their packaging : beware , scintillating to the point of incendiary . ' 
 for some seconds i look at him . 
 outside miles of nothing , here , let there be swollen heat . 
 i spread my legs and plunge my fingers into my wet folds . 
 the action is primitive , perhaps even obscene , but here we are different animals . 
 i thrust my fingers in and out , my breath becoming more ragged . 
 he takes off his thick robes and flings them to the floor , his eyes never leaving me . 
 i see the smooth golden skin where his collar falls open . 
 how beautiful is my lover . 
 he pulls at the white shirt-dress . 
 it joins the robe . 
 naked to the hips he comes forward , sexual energy rising off his glistening muscles like a heat haze . 
 i gaze at his body . 
 so familiar and so dear , and still the air zaps with my desire for it . 
 he catches my hand in his and brings it to his mouth . 
 a smile curves my lips . 
 i lean forward , my bare br ** sts brushing his torso as i sway with the music . 
 it is like rubbing a magic lamp . 
 it awakens a genie of dark excitement deep within his body . 
 i see the fever-thirst come into his eyes . 
 i stop smiling . 
 he spreads his fingers on my hips . 
 they are like flames on my skin . 
 i turn and let my shoulders rub against his chest , and my bu ** ocks brush the hard flesh between his legs . 
 his reaction is intoxicating-he reels me in suddenly so the base of my side is pressed into the rod of hot flesh . 
 my limbs tremble in anticipation . 
 he moves his body against me : long thighs , muscles , sinew , tendon and bones , all melds with me . 
 in response , i move my bu ** ocks away from his body and slide my hand between us . 
 i palm his hardness and curl my hand possessively around the hard shaft . 
 it responds by twitching and growing harder still . 
 ` impressive , ' i whisper . 
 he chuckles , a dark , possessive sound . 
 ` the better to f ** k you with . ' 
 his hands roam my body , from my belly up to my br ** sts and down between my legs . 
 ` oh yes , ' i gasp , gently stroking the bulge , wanting the brutal force of his thrusts and the agonized sound of my name on his lips as he floods me with hot cum . 
 he bends his head and his mouth scorches mine , hot and hungry , the taste of salt and tequila , a sparkling shock . 
 my eyelids flutter closed . 
 we are ravenous creatures in the desert . 
 he lifts his head , breath coming fast and shallow . 
 ` if you do n't get inside me soon i 'm going to melt . ' 
 as if on cue the music changes . 
 the air fills with drums . 
 he wraps his thick and sinewy arms around me and , sweeping me off my feet , swirls me around so fast i am a dizzy blue mist landing on the orange silk bed . 
 my weight crushes the flower petals . 
 in dying they gasp out their sweetest scents . 
 they mix with the oily scent of the candles . 
 he kneels down . 
 his scent is different : he is as fragrant as the hot sand . 
 he catches my eyes , smiles faintly and , parting my trembling thighs , sinks his fingers into me . 
 my flesh flowers around the heat of his fingers . 
 grasping his hand , i hold his fingers deep inside me . 
 i close my eyes and savor the delicious sensation of my muscles jerking and quivering around him , as they anticipate release . 
 my hands fall away as his fingers curl inside me and begin to stroke slowly . 
 he knows exactly where to rub to make me explode . 
 ` god ! 
 i 'm so crazy about you , ' he rasps , as his mouth descends on a nipple . 
 hot and rough . 
 it burns me . 
 he sucks the other deep in his mouth . 
 pleasure shoots straight into my sex , making more blood rush to it , swelling it further , until it ... hurts . 
 i whimper . 
 he stops and looks at me with heavy-lidded eyes . 
 ` do n't stop , ' i whisper hoarsely . 
 ` take me as if i am a captive you bought in a market . ' 
 his smile drips with dominance and lust . 
 ` what kind of a captive would you be ? ' 
 ` what if i am an enchanted slave who is spellbound to her owner by dark magical cravings she ca n't resist ? ' ' 
 a bewitched slave who ca n't say no . 
 my , my ... must be my lucky day . ' 
 i moan as his fingers pierce me hard and fast . ' 
 i love watching you helpless and writhing at the end of my hand . ' 
 i arch helplessly . 
 ` and i own every inch of this purchase . ' 
 ` every inch , ' i croak . 
 i grab his silken hair and pull his mouth down . 
 ` so you want to be taken as a market slave , hmm ? ' 
 his voice is dangerously soft . 
 ` yes , ' i say , still only frustratingly impaled on his fingers . 
 hands of steel flip me over so suddenly i yelp with surprise . 
 with my head buried in the cushions i hear the sounds of his clothes falling away . 
 my hips are grabbed and jerked upwards and held up tilted at an angle . 
 when his c ** k slams into me i am still hazily aware of the men outside , so i scream into the pillow . 
 ` this is what you wanted ? ' 
 ` yes . ' 
 ` and this ? ' 
 he plunges in so punishingly hard i break out in a sweat . 
 ` yes , ' i growl , like an animal possessed . 
 he goes at it , wild . 
 our mating is crazed and brutal . 
 i bite the pillow to keep from crying out too loud . 
 he grasps my hair and pulls away the pillow . 
 ` fuck you , ' i snarl . 
 and he slams again into me . 
 he pulls my ass cheeks apart and pushes deeper in . 
 his dick feels hot , burning hot . 
 i am already so sore and battered , my body is beginning to quiver , but just as i think i can bear it no more , i become aware that he is almost cresting . 
 i know him so well i can feel it come into his body . 
 i push my flesh against his groin and squeeze my muscles tightly together , and he groans and calls my name as he spurts and jerks into me . 
 for a few seconds neither of us moves . 
 holding me close against his body , he lays me back down on the bed , and rests on top of me , his shaft still buried deep inside me . 
 i love the feeling of his weight on me , while he is half supported by his elbows . 
 his lips settle on the pulse at the side of my neck . 
 his tongue darts out to lick it . 
 then he puts his mouth on it and sucks it . 
 a whimper escapes . 
 he leaves the pulse and trails upward along the side of my neck to my ear . 
 he nibbles the lobe . 
 ` do n't stop , ' i moan . 
 my voice sounds almost anguished . 
 he pulls out of me and , rising to his hands and knees , turns me over . 
 he straddles my thighs , holding my hands high over my head , and looks at my exposed body . 
 his eyes rove over my body jealously . 
 then he lowers his head in a kiss so soft and sweet that it brings tears to my eyes . 
 ` blake ? ' 
 ` do n't speak . 
 i think i need to have my way with you , ' he purrs . 
 my breath catches at the raw heat in his eyes , even though i am not sure i can take another pounding quite so soon . ' 
 i thought you just did , ' i say softly . 
 he smiles wolfishly . 
 ` see what happens when you pretend to be a little slave girl ? ' 
 ` did i say i could n't take another round ? ' 
 ` that 's true . ' 
 he slides off me . 
 ` lift your legs up , knees straight . ' 
 ` why ? ' 
 ` humor me . ' 
 he grabs my thighs and opens my legs into a v. and then he takes his wolfish grin between my legs and devours me greedily . 
 literally consumes me . 
 it just goes on and on and on until the climax comes with such shattering impact that it feels as if the back of my head has been blown off . 
 when it is over i am sobbing with the intensity of the experience . 
 he gathers me in his arms until my heart rate slows , my breathing returns to normal and the crazy heartbeat stops . ' 
 i think i could grow used to being a captive slave , ' i say , encircling his neck and pulling his mouth down to mine . 
 it feels so good to have his naked body over mine . 
 i kiss him . 
 he tastes of me . 
 ` you really are the sexiest sheik that ever walked a desert . ' 
 my voice sounds soft and fluttery . 
 a corner of his mouth lifts . 
 ` and you , my love , are the most beautiful slave that ever graced any tent . ' 
 ` what if i buy you in at the market tomorrow ? ' 
 ` honestly , ca n't wait , ' he says , and his voice is so rich and deep my breath catches in my throat . 
 for the rest of my life , no matter how long i live , i know i 'll never forget this moment . 
 the feel of his skin on mine , the handsome curve of his lips , the lock of hair falling forward and the look in his eyes . 
 god , i love this man so much i would fight for him . 
 never again will i run away . 
 ` do you think the men outside heard us ? ' 
 i murmur contentedly . 
 ` if they did n't hear us before they will now , ' he says , and , throwing a long , muscular arm gleaming with a sheen of sweat out , reaches for the jar of spreadable chocolate . 
 i giggle ... but not for long . 
 four sometime during the night i awaken and , extricating myself from blake 's embrace , silently leave the tent . 
 outside in the white moonlight men smelling of camel are on night watch . 
 they are boiling tea , or cutting their fingernails with the sharpened jawbones of animals , or making camel hair rope while they look out for hyenas . 
 hyenas , they claim , will even eat the dates from their supplies . 
 out of kindness and respect they never look directly at me , but i am very curious about them . 
 through the interpreter , i am always eavesdropping on their conversations . 
 they speak of the desert as if it is a woman-wild , unforgiving , mysterious , magnificent ... in their blood . 
 they beseech the clouds above to rain on their woman . 
 ` why not burst a moment here ? ' 
 they entreat poetically . 
 wrapped in thick blankets i sit apart from them in the icy cold and watch the moon , the whitest , roundest melon . 
 it is still dark and utterly silent when the camel drivers begin to stir and greet each other good morning . 
 it is a surprisingly long process . 
 again and again they ask each other , ` are you all right ? ' 
 ` yes , i am . 
 what about you ? ' 
 ` i 'm fine . 
 you sure you 're all right , though ? ' 
 ` yes , yes , i 'm good . 
 really , are you ? ' 
 ` me , i 'm fine . 
 you are ok too ? ' 
 it seems they never tire of repeating the process at every dawn . 
 no one looks at me as i slip between the camels huddled together , their backs white with snow and pieces of mud and ice stuck to the strips of cloth tied to their footpads . 
 lizards are drinking the condensation off the frosted sand , when i lift our tent flap . 
 it is lovely and warm , but too dark to see . 
 i pause to allow my eyes to adjust , but i still manage to trip on the carpet 's edge . 
 a small sound escapes me and blake whips his head around to look at me . 
 it never ceases to surprise me how quickly alert and watchful his eyes can become . 
 a stranger 's eyes . 
 ` where have you been ? ' 
 ` watching the moon . ' 
 ` without me ? ' ' 
 i did n't want to wake you , ' i say , coming closer . 
 i light a lamp . 
 he sits up and the light oils his back so it gleams bronze . 
 i sit next to him and run a cold finger down the bronze back . 
 he shivers . 
 ` next time i 'll wake you , ' i say , and grasping his hair , tug it with me as i fall backward into the rumpled silk sheets . 
 he lets me pull him down until he is only inches from my face , and then he stills and turns to look at me . 
 his eyes are unreadable-wet leaves in summer . 
 i stare into the wet leaves . 
 part the leaves , lana-behind them is the man . 
 ` lie back , husband of mine , ' i say softly , sitting up . 
 he obeys and i hold my hands over the heat of the lamp . 
 then i pour heavily musk-scented oil into the palm of my hand and rub the two together . 
 warming the oil , oiling the skin . 
 very gently , i take his hand in my upturned one . 
 he whispers in wonder , ` it never fails to amaze me how such a tiny hand can make me feel so vulnerable and exposed . 
 how odd that a giant like me should be undone by such a simple thing ! ' 
 i stare at him in surprise , and then i lie him on his front , straddle his bu ** ocks and laying both palms on the small of his back take the first long sweeping stroke . 
 afterwards , we eat bowls of gruel and drink goat 's milk covered with a film of ice . 
 he talks and i listen , bowl suspended between lip and floor . 
 he is not soft . 
 he can not be soft . 
 he wants me to know that . 
 he has thrived on sharp arrows whizzing past his head , slicing his ears . ' 
 i do n't care , ' i interrupt suddenly . 
 we are still whispering when the sky brightens . 
 it is time to be gone . 
 outside the men burden the animals once more . 
 and as they do , every time , the poor things snarl , groan , and protest . 
 blake helps me onto the camel 's back , and i am borne up . 
 perched high atop the animal , its disdainful , hairy head swaying from side to side , its large eyes rolling , we resume our journey . 
 the sensation is like being a tick on a gold beast . 
 hanging fast . 
 unwelcome . 
 a little while into the desert , and the cameleers start singing to their animals , their lusty , deep voices carrying far into the dunes . 
 each line the length of a man 's breath , and each breath the length of a camel 's stride . 
 the songs turn that ocean of heat , sand and blinding light into a dream , hypnotizing both man and camel so they become one graceful creature . 
 hour after hour we head east , rocking in the unbearable , scorching heat , mouth tightly shut against the sand in the wind , not stopping even to eat , only to pray . 
 when the camel drivers , burnt and glorious , stop to pray , i want to lie down on the sand , but blake , his face wrapped in a blue and white cloth against the burning wind , so only his eyes remain as cerulean as the sky , will not let me . 
 ` you will only collect more heat from the ground . ' 
 he holds out a water skin . 
 ` drink , drink . 
 in this heat one must drink-little but often-to be well . ' 
 there is a sediment of black dust , but the water is cool . 
 and in the desert water never tastes bad . 
 everyone drinks noisily , exhales noisily . 
 i sip the discolored water , eat millet , dates and goat 's cheese and wish for a gust of wind , but when it comes , it is a fiery blast that sears my lungs . 
 queasy , dizzy , my vision ill with the glare and the bending waves of heat , we persist . 
 what a strange place the desert ! 
 the emptiness of it . 
 indescribable . 
 animal droppings dried to ash in hours . 
 where there is grass it is scorched white . 
 and yet i find it incredibly beautiful , and the experience unforgettable . 
 finally , the camels ' bells stop , and blake reaches up and takes me into his arms . 
 on foot , i watch the sun become red and the air orange . 
 the temperature drops quickly . 
 darkness falls even faster . 
 the men set up camp and water their animals . 
 fires are lit . 
 men crouch over their flames , blowing . 
 the fires become beautiful orange flowers . 
 ` ai n't you gon na wash me ? 
 i 'm dirtier than a sweat hog , ' blake teases . 
 i grin at him . 
 water is precious . 
 we wash each other with wrung out washcloths . 
 when we come out of our tent , hours later , the men are huddled around the fire eating a sort of mutton stew , olive bread cooked on hot stones , and drinking date spirit . 
 abdul brings us our food on lovely blue glass plates . 
 hard to imagine they have saved these pretty pieces just for us . 
 such beautiful manners , these wild desert travelers . 
 i smile my thanks . 
 ` the desert mushrooms , ' the interpreter tells us in his distinctly mannered accent , bowing his head politely , ` are for later . 
 desert luxuries . ' 
 i nod . 
 there is a world of difference between him and the cameleers . 
 he is sly and gallant , and they are as noble and heroic as warhorses . 
 i work the tough , fatty chunks of meat with my teeth while i watch the warhorses enthusiastically lick their fingers , their wooden plates . 
 afterwards abdul brings us delicately perfumed tea in dainty gold-rimmed glasses . 
 the desert makes no sound unless we make it . 
 and so the men make their sounds , they chant their holy invocations to their god . 
 the resonating sounds become part of the timeless desert landscape . 
 i imagine the sound moving through the endless expanses of sand . 
 where does it go ? 
 who catches it eventually ? 
 it is when we stop for morning prayers the next day that the radio message comes through . 
 at first i do n't bother to listen , but the immediate stiffening of blake 's body alerts me . 
 i turn to watch him curiously . 
 the hardening of his eyes , the thinning of his mouth as he listens ... until he is a stranger . 
 ` no , ' he says finally . 
 ` give me two minutes then call me back . ' 
 he meets my eyes . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 i whisper , my feet shifting nervously from side to side on the burning sand , my heart thudding in my chest . 
 ` my mother is in bangkok . ' 
 whatever i had expected , i had not expected that . 
 i pull my hand away from my mouth , and , baffled , demand , ` why ? ' 
 ` she wants to meet sorab . ' 
 i shake my head in disbelief . 
 ` without us being there ? ' 
 ` you decide . 
 we can either stay and keep to the schedule or we can leave today . ' 
 i do n't have to think . 
 even if he had stiffened and become hard and cold i would not have trusted my son with her . 
 his family give me the creeps . 
 i want to leave at that very moment . 
 ` can we leave now , please ? ' 
 to his eternal credit he does not attempt to talk me out of my decision or placate me . 
 simply nods and lapses into a tense , thinking silence . 
 when the radio goes again , he says , ` arrange for us to be picked up now . ' 
 he pauses and i hear him say . 
 ` really ? 
 ... good . ' 
 ` what was that about ? ' 
 ` my mother cornered billie and insisted she be allowed to spend time with sorab . ' 
 ` oh yeah ? 
 what did billie say ? ' 
 ` told my dear mother to f ** k off . ' 
 he smiles reluctantly . 
 we wait for the helicopter in the glare of the sun in our city clothes . 
 ` what will happen to the men ? ' 
 ` they will return to their homes . ' 
 in twenty minutes our ride creates a veritable sandstorm as it lands . 
 abdul kisses my hand and the cameleers turn to stare me in the eye for the first time . 
 i am no longer a woman , but a curiosity . 
 a woman who would bare her hair , the shape of her body , and her legs . 
 their eyes are like the desert . 
 timeless and full of secrets . 
 i commit them to memory , knowing we will never meet again . 
 five victoria jane montgomery when the lunch bell rings i make my way to the canteen . 
 despite the restraints of that first night , it is not like one flew over the cuckoo 's nest here . 
 in fact the first day was relatively simple once they established to their satisfaction that temperature , pulse , blood pressure , ekg and blood values were all normal , and i did not harbor a desire to hurt myself or anyone else , they let me loose upon their premises and their ` experts ' . 
 the experts ' job is to get to ` know ' me through lengthy interviews to excavate my full life history , my family background , and my criminal and psychiatric history . 
 the assessments include personality tests , neuropsychological tests , tests for malingering -lrb- the technical term for faking a mental illness -rrb- and general cognitive tests from intelligence to memory . 
 you see , here , they believe in progressive and compassionate care . 
 the building i am imprisoned in is incredibly beautiful . 
 it was erected in the nineteenth century by a baron for his mad wife . 
 the interior is high ceilinged , and ornate , with long , rambling , sunlit wings . 
 apparently his wife had loved playing the piano so he had a grand piano installed in every room . 
 after the servants found him stabbed to death-his face gruesomely contorted with horror-while she sat calmly playing the piano , the building was closed and abandoned for many years . 
 now the ceilings are still full of intricate moldings to rival the baccarat gallery museum in paris , and the walls retain their original warm pinkish shade of off-white , but the pianos are gone , the windows have bars over them , and the sun-filled corridors are populated by over-medicated , dazed patients shuffling aimlessly up and down them . 
 and the large room where the baroness played to her audience of one corpse has been designated the common room . 
 it is dimly lit : the curtains remain drawn at all times . 
 a huge television is mounted on one wall and patients wander in and slump in armchairs and rocking chairs to stare numbly at the flickering screen : cartoons playing on a loop . 
 i avoid it like the plague . 
 the dining area is full of natural light and rather pleasant , other than the unidentified brown smears and stains on the walls . 
 there are no decorations except for a poster listing banned items-nail clippers , razors , tweezers , lighters , medication , belts , shoelaces , spiral-bound notebooks , jewelry and under-wired bras . 
 of course , there are other things that are not on the poster that are banned too , like physical contact with other patients , food in the rooms . 
 the only rule that concerns me is inpatients not being allowed to make calls , only to receive them . 
 but i think i have the solution . 
 she walked into my room this morning , keys jangling on her belt . 
 the name tag pinned on her uniform , appropriately enough , said ` angel ' . 
 i walk along the aisle and a large , dozy cow in a blue apron slaps a huge mound of macaroni cheese on my tray . 
 i stare at the thick , lumpy concoction with a sort of culture shock . 
 this is what passes for food . 
 another uniformed staff in a hairnet dishes out the vegetables : green beans , carrots and a graying sludge that she calls mashed potato . 
 i thank her politely , and , moving along , pick a bun from a basket of bread rolls . 
 these would come in handy in palestine when those kids run out of rocks and stones to throw . 
 dessert is a wedge of something brown and crusty that they daringly pass off as chocolate fudge cake . 
 only the truly mad can eat it . 
 i pass by the drinks dispenser and fill my styrofoam cup with chilled fizzy orange and pick up some cutlery , plastic obviously . 
 with my tray of exciting cuisine i make for a table that is empty , and sit down . 
 on the next table a woman in a white gown is drooling into her food . 
 she looks like a zombie . 
 i turn away from the sight with a flash of anger , at what they have done to me . 
 i do n't belong here . 
 i should n't be here . 
 my eyes collide with another 's - a woman at another table who stares at me murderously . 
 my first reaction is to walk up to her and slap her hard in her face , but , of course , that would be contrary to what is expected of a model patient . 
 i pick up my plastic knife and , never taking my eyes off her , slowly lick the plastic blade . 
 she flinches and averts her eyes . 
 that 's bullies for you . 
 always cowardly in the face of true power . 
 i fork the ` food ' into my mouth . 
 it is horrendous , but i have already learned that those who do n't eat are put on special watch . 
 my plastic knife slices through the overcooked carrot . 
 i spear it , slip it between my lips and swallow the watery mush . 
 a woman comes and perches timidly on the empty chair beside me . 
 i turn and look at her . 
 she has a wild , haunted look about her startlingly large , light eyes . 
 i sigh inwardly . 
 ` be very careful , ' she warns in a frightened whisper . 
 ` there are spirits in this place . 
 they are restless in their misery and waiting to attach themselves to humans . ' 
 ` thanks for the warning , ' i say , and turn resolutely away . 
 she floats away , a ghost herself . 
 ` everybody 's curious about you , ' someone says from the left of me . 
 i look up . 
 she is young , terribly common obviously , but not chronically mad . 
 probably just depressed or something . 
 her clothes are terrifically unfashionable , but her fingernails are beautifully done in baby blue . 
 hmm ... they did n't cut her fingernails , which means she must be a model patient . 
 she plonks herself in the chair vacated by the ghost . 
 ` are you really a lady ? 
 most of the people who call themselves lord or lady around here are just barmy ? ' 
 ` hmm . ' 
 ` cooool , ' she crows brightly . 
 ` i 've never met a real lady before . 
 it 's sooooo boring in here . ' 
 she quickly makes herself more comfortable in the chair . 
 inwardly , i am seething at the indignities i am being subjected to , but i smile politely and take a sip of the awful coffee . 
 i never imagined coffee could taste so bad . 
 a man marches up to me . 
 he is wearing a brown sweater and golfing trousers and his cheeks are so red it looks as though he is about to have a heart attack at any time . 
 ` why are you here ? ' 
 he demands in a loud voice , his cheeks flushing even brighter red . 
 ` i 'm minding my own business . 
 you should do the same , ' i tell him . 
 apparently that is the right answer . 
 he nods as if impressed and walks away . 
 ` way to go , girl , ' my unwelcome companion approves . 
 i turn towards her . 
 she holds her hand out . 
 her nails , beautifully manicured , strike me as the most civilized thing in that place . 
 ` welcome to the mad house . 
 it 's a treat to find someone who has the guts not to be floating around on their mind-fuck pills all day . 
 i 'm molly moss , by the way . ' 
 six lana barrington we fly into thailand in the afternoon heat . 
 thailand , let me tell you , is not just hot , it is like a giant sauna . 
 the humidity is such that my clothes start sticking to me during the short walk from the plane to the air-conditioned airport . 
 in the car , i realize that i am nervous , and as soon as we arrive at the banyan tree , i leave blake to check in and go up to our suite , while i make my way up to billie 's room . 
 ` hey , ' she says , quite nicely brown and grinning . 
 at the sight of her relaxed , happy face , my tension fades . 
 i was just being overdramatic and paranoid . 
 maybe it was being in the desert , where it did not feel like we were only a few hours away , but as if we had traveled back in time or to a different world . 
 billie throws her arms around me . 
 ` sorry i ruined your monumentally epic f ** ks , but am i f ** king glad to see you . ' 
 i grin . 
 ` so am i . 
 so glad to see you . 
 look at you . 
 you 're already as brown as a berry . ' 
 ` zero spf always does the trick . 
 come on in , ' she invites , and closes the door . 
 ` where is he ? ' 
 ` having his beauty nap . 
 jerry has gone to one of the hotel 's gourmet cooking classes , ' she explains , as she takes me to his cot . 
 my heart swells . 
 ` it feels as if he has grown , ' i whisper , and , picking up his warm , fat body , hold him close to mine . 
 i breathe in the familiar scent of him and his newly shampooed hair . 
 i do n't know what i thought when blake said his mother was in thailand , but a cold hand had come into my body and clutched at my belly . 
 i squeeze him harder against me . 
 but now that he is in my arms again it is clear that my worries were unfounded . ' 
 i usually just prick him with a pin when i want to wake him up , ' billie says . 
 i laugh , and the last remaining shadow of tension slips away . 
 sorab does not wake up and after a while i put him back into the cot . 
 billie and i are chatting when blake comes to the door . 
 he greets billie quickly and perfunctorily , his mind obviously preoccupied with other matters . 
 he turns towards me-his mother wants us to meet her downstairs in the coffee lounge in an hour . 
 then he looks at billie . 
 ` brian will knock on your door in an hour . 
 will you bring sorab down then ? ' 
 he asks with a frown . 
 ` sure . ' 
 ` thanks , billie , ' blake says . 
 ` no problems . ' 
 he takes my hand and turns to go , and then turns back . 
 ` you did well to stand up to my mother . ' 
 billie flushes deep red with the compliment . 
 i only have time for a quick shower and a change of clothes before it is time to go downstairs . 
 unsure how i should dress and not really mentally prepared to meet my mother-in-law , i nervously slip on a shift dress over my bikini . 
 i am on holiday after all , and it would be silly to get all dressed up . 
 blake leans in and tells me i look a million dollars , but i am unable to stop the feverish and horrid sensation that i have been summoned to the headmistress 's room . 
 as we enter the lounge i spot her instantly-blonde , blue-eyed , pale , and so carefully preserved she seems an ageless mannequin . 
 there is not a single wrinkle on her face . 
 why , she could have been blake 's sister ! 
 she is dressed in a dusky pink jacket that reminds me of the tooth powder that used to sit in my grandmother 's bathroom cabinet . 
 the most distinctive part of her appearance is the large piece of jewelry around her throat . 
 it looks like the horned head of a bull . 
 i have never seen anything like it . 
 it is strange but beautiful , too . 
 she does not rise as we approach . 
 as we near her blake lets go of my hand , and goes around the low table to kiss her on both her cheeks . 
 she lifts her chin and angles her head delicately to receive his kisses . 
 ` hello , dear , ' she says quietly . 
 blake straightens and regards her with an expression i can not decipher . 
 it is a mixture between exasperation and resignation . 
 ` why are you here , mother ? ' 
 ` if mohammed wo n't go to the mountain , ' she murmurs . 
 blake comes around and , putting his arm around my waist , says , ` lana , meet my mother , helena . ' 
 ` hello , lana . ' 
 her voice is cool and slightly aloof , but not unfriendly . 
 her tone says ` approach , but come with caution ' . 
 ` hello , mrs. barrington , ' i say , overawed by her considerable presence . 
 ` helena , ' she corrects with a nearly friendly smile . 
 ` helena , ' i agree softly . 
 blake gestures towards the sofa and i sink into it . 
 he lowers himself beside me . 
 she seems to be drinking still mineral water . 
 a glass is half full with clear liquid and a bottle of it is on the table . 
 ` will you have something to drink ? ' 
 she offers . 
 ` feel like some coffee ? ' 
 blake directs his question to me . 
 ` something cold . ' 
 my throat feels dry and scratchy . 
 a uniformed , smiling waiter stands beside blake with a menu . 
 blake passes it to me and orders himself a short espresso . 
 i take the menu and feel helena 's eyes on me . 
 i do n't try to meet her eyes . 
 instead , i open the menu and bury myself in it . 
 i look up at the waiter and order watermelon juice . 
 the waiter moves away with a bow . 
 ` well , ' helena says . 
 ` whoever heard of a mother who interrupts her son 's honeymoon ? ' 
 ` whoever heard of a son who does n't invite his own mother to his wedding ? ' 
 ` we saved some cake for you . ' 
 his voice is even , without provocation . ' 
 i do n't eat cake . ' 
 blake sighs . 
 ` i 'm sorry i did n't invite you , but i did n't want any trouble . ' 
 ` from what i heard , you had plenty anyway , ' she retorts . 
 ` do n't start , ' blake warns her . 
 ` well , it 's the talk of the town . 
 my best friends ca n't wait to call me up and tell me the big gossip . ' 
 she affects a hurt tone . 
 i bite my lip . 
 neither of them even seem aware of my presence . 
 really , blake should have met her without me . 
 ` is that what you came all the way here to discuss ? ' 
 blake asks , the first sign of impatience edging his voice . 
 ` no , as a matter of fact i came to see my grandson . ' ' 
 i can go get him , ' i volunteer quickly . 
 blake looks like he is about to protest . 
 but helena turns to me with a smile . 
 ` that 'll be wonderful . 
 thank you , lana . ' 
 smiling broadly i start edging away from them and sidling out from behind the table . 
 in my haste i hit my knee on the edge of the table , and just about stop myself from crying out . 
 ` are you all right ? ' 
 blake asks , concerned . 
 i bob my head brightly and escape . 
 when i get to the entrance i ca n't help it . 
 i glance back quickly . 
 blake is watching me and his mother is watching him . 
 i slip out quickly and meet billie coming out of the lift . 
 brian is behind her . 
 brian nods unobtrusively at me and waits a few feet away . 
 sorab squeals with unconcealed delight and excitement when he spots me . 
 he holds his arms out and waves them impatiently at me . 
 i take him from her and rain kisses on his face . 
 he hugs my neck tightly and laughs . 
 ` you look pale . 
 you must have met the mutton dressed in dragon , then , ' billie says . 
 ` disconcertingly posh , is n't she ? ' 
 i whisper . 
 ` yes , vomit-inducingly grand . 
 what 's it like so far ? ' 
 ` alien vs. predator . ' 
 she laughs . 
 ` which one 's your husband ? ' 
 ` who wins ? ' 
 ` predator , i think . ' 
 ` that 'll be him , then . ' 
 ` do n't let her bite you , duckie . ' ' 
 i wo n't . ' 
 ` right , then , i 'm off to do some sunbathing by the pool . 
 come and see me when you are finished , ' she says and leaves , her flip-flops slapping the gleaming granite floor . 
 ` see you later , ' i call out after her , and , gazing adoringly at sorab , drop more kisses on his face . 
 he grins widely at me . 
 ` so you missed your mummy , then ? ' 
 i ask , and as if he has understood me , he grabs my neck and plants a very wet kiss on my lips . 
 ` ok , let 's go see your grandma . ' 
 when we reach the door of the lounge i see that blake and his mother are involved in an intense discussion . 
 as soon as her eyes catch our arrival she stops talking , and , smiling widely , stands to greet her grandson . 
 ` oh , what a beautiful child , ' she exclaims . 
 ` blue eyes and a round face . 
 a moon child . 
 just like you , blake , ' she says . 
 ` no , he 's not , ' blake retorts harshly and i wonder what they are really referring to . 
 she laughs and holds her beautifully preserved hands , the tips pale pink ovals , out to sorab . 
 but sorab only buries his face in my neck , and looks longingly at his father , at the place where he really wants to go . 
 ` he 's a bit reserved with strangers , ' i explain apologetically . 
 ` hello , ' she coos brightly , but still buried in my hair , sorab turns his face fractionally towards her , and stares at her unsmiling . 
 ` he does n't tend to say much , ' i add . 
 helena laughs . 
 ` he 's exactly like you , blake . 
 this is exactly how you were . ' 
 i look at blake . 
 he is watching us without expression . 
 when he catches my eyes , his lips curve upwards . 
 helena goes back to her seat and snaps open her white crocodile handbag with an expensive clunk , the discreet whiff of perfumed new leather , and a glimpse of the exclusive gadino label . 
 she fidgets about inside it and comes up with a lollipop , which she then unwraps slowly and deliberately , as she comes toward us . 
 it is on the tip of my tongue to tell her that we have not introduced him to sweets or sugar , but i resist the urge . 
 fascinated , sorab looks at the tantalizingly red lollipop . 
 he wants it . 
 ` go on , ' she encourages . 
 ` it 's for you . ' 
 he snatches his hand out , but she pulls the sweet out of his reach . 
 he stops and regards her . 
 she opens her arms out and he rears back and watches her steadily . 
 she offers him the lollipop and again he reaches for it only to have it drawn back . 
 any other child would have cried but he waits quietly , aware that it will be offered again . 
 when it is , he lunges for it so hard , he almost jumps out of my arms . 
 helena is so taken aback by surprise that she does n't react in time , and sorab grabs the prize in his fat hands and falls back against me . 
 before anyone else can take it away from him he pops it greedily into his mouth while eying helena with a mixture of suspicion and curiosity . 
 helena laughs delightedly and turns toward blake . 
 ` turns out he 's a chip off the old block . 
 he 'll take , but he wo n't give . ' 
 i gasp at the insult , but blake stands and says smoothly , ` we have to go . 
 i 'm taking this little fellow here to the kiddie pool . 
 do you want to spend some time with him tomorrow morning ? ' 
 helena smiles and nods gratefully , and for the first time i realize that she must have the normal instincts of a grandmother . 
 at that moment my heart melts a little . 
 she can not be all bad . 
 i will be as nice as i can to her . 
 ` all right , ' blake says . 
 ` i 'll have the nanny come around to your suite at about eleven a.m. , but please do n't give him any more sweets . ' 
 blake holds his hands out and sorab eagerly leaves me for the higher perch . 
 helena turns toward me . 
 ` will you have tea with me tomorrow , lana ? ' 
 that takes me by surprise . 
 i turn to look at blake , but he is watching me expressionlessly . 
 up to me . 
 my hands are suddenly clammy . 
 ` that will be nice , ' i accept . 
 ` good , that 's settled then . 
 see you at four . ' 
 ` see you then , ' i say , and we leave her at the table . 
 i dare not glance back , but i can feel her eyes on us until we get out of the door , and turn the corner . 
 ` wow ! ' 
 i say . 
 ` that was intense . ' 
 ` you do n't have to go tomorrow , you know ? ' ' 
 i know that . 
 i 'll be ok , ' i say , and kissing them both , go off in search of billie . 
 i find billie lying on her front on a sun lounger . 
 her bikini top is undone and her back is evenly brown . 
 she opens her eyes and looks at me while i take off my shift dress and , rubbing some of the suntan lotion that her mother makes at home on my shoulders and stomach , sit down beside her . 
 ` well , did he bite her ? ' 
 she asks languidly . 
 i slather more onto my arms . 
 ` no , he did n't , but he tricked her into giving up her lollipop , and then refused to go to her afterwards . ' 
 ` lollipop ? ' 
 billie says , lifting her head , suddenly cheered by the thought of a fresh grievance . 
 ` that 's not fair . 
 how come i 'm not allowed to give him sweets and she is ? ' 
 i smile inwardly and start on my legs . 
 ` she 's not either . 
 blake 's already told her not to . ' 
 she leans the side of her head on her elbow . 
 ` what was his reaction to the lollipop ? ' 
 ` his eyes nearly rolled to the back of his head , he liked it that much . ' 
 she laughs . ' 
 i hope you caught it on your phone ? ' 
 ` no , i was too much in a state . ' 
 i put the lotion on the floor between us and lie down . 
 ` shame . 
 i 'd have loved to have seen it . ' 
 i close my eyes . 
 ` you know what ? 
 i 'll keep sorab tonight . 
 you hit the town with brian and enjoy yourself . ' 
 ` are you sure ? ' 
 ` absolutely . 
 i 've really , really missed that mischievous , little runt . 
 i 've decided i 'll never be so far away and so out of touch from him again . 
 besides , it 's your holiday too . ' 
 ` ok , ' she says . 
 ` i 'll go see one of those shows where the girls shoot ping-pong balls out of their fannies . ' 
 i open my eyes . 
 ` you 're going to see a sex show ? ' 
 ` yeah , brian 's promised to take me . ' 
 i laugh and lie back down . 
 ` right . 
 tell me all about it tomorrow at breakfast . ' 
 ` do you want to have dinner at the moon rooftop bar terrace ? ' 
 blake asks when i get back to the room . ' 
 i know it 's a must do , and i do , but not tonight . 
 tonight , can we just order room service and stay with sorab ? ' 
 and so that is what we do . 
 we have a beautiful night together , the three of us . 
 after dinner , we bathe sorab together , and play with him , until he gets tired . 
 then we take him to our bed and cuddle up together . 
 finally , as he does whenever blake is around , he crawls on top of his father 's body , and falls asleep . 
 we talk in whispers late into the night and go to sleep with sorab 's warm , small body tucked between us . 
 my last thought as i fall into sleep is that i ca n't believe just how lucky i am . 
 seven victoria jane montgomery a nurse takes me to the evaluating psychiatrist later in the afternoon . 
 the door opens and i see a man sitting at a desk . 
 he is very still , but his eyes , behind his spectacles , are alert and intelligent . 
 i can tell instantly that he is a man of great cultivation and charm who will speak with imagination and humor . 
 he stands and welcomes me as if i was n't a patient , but a guest . 
 it is an act , naturally , but one he excels at . 
 you see , he wants to see me as whole , but he can not help turning me into parts-the parts that work and those that do n't . 
 i already know his name . 
 one of the orderlies mentioned it and it is on his door . 
 dr. j. mcbride . 
 anyway , he extends his hand , which surprises me . 
 i put my hand in his and he looks at me with deliberately expressionless eyes . 
 so he is hiding . 
 he does n't want me to know how very curious he is about the montgomery heir who has fallen under his care . 
 i smile serenely at him . 
 someone opens the door and calls him outside . 
 i am not sure that it is not just a ruse to see what i will do left to my own devices . 
 when he leaves i move toward the window . 
 the vast grounds are empty . 
 patients are not allowed out . 
 smokers have a small barred balcony to do their deed . 
 i gaze at the sky . 
 ` what are you doing ? ' 
 he says , from the door . 
 i turn to face him . 
 ` listening to the birdsong , ' i lie . 
 i had been thinking of the phoenix . 
 remembering that night when the sky had split open and he had dropped out of the light-filled crack . 
 wondering where he came from , where he has gone to . 
 he relaxes , his disquiet stilled . 
 he is probably of the opinion that people who listen out for birdsong , whatever their inner difficulties , or however shattered , must be lovely , or harmless at worst . 
 ` you were listening rather than watching , ' he adds . 
 ` yes , yes . 
 exactly that . 
 the starlings were mozart 's muse . 
 ein musikalischer spass . ' 
 he smiles , pleased . 
 it is now obvious to both of us that there could be something not quite right with me , but that i am definitely not mad . 
 ` birdsong is organized chaos , ' he says . 
 i whip my head around . 
 ah , ordo ab chaos . 
 order out of chaos . 
 so : he is one of us . 
 my father has seen to it . 
 excellent . 
 eventually it will be useful . 
 i used to be too impatient to be a good chess player , but now i have the time . 
 to think . 
 to plan . 
 to make my moves . 
 ` will you permit me to examine you ? ' 
 he asks so graciously , it is as if i had a say in the matter . 
 i smile my acquiescence . 
 it seems dr. mcbride and i will get on just fine . 
 the routine of a neurological exam is soothing : reflexes , muscle strength , coordination , tone , visual acuity , hearing , senses , and solving puzzles . 
 some are repeats i have already performed with the nurses , but i accept the intrusion demurely . 
 when he scratches a pen on the soles of my feet i giggle and he looks at me with an expression that is almost one of fatherly concern . 
 ` tickles , ' i explain , with a smile . 
 he smiles back . 
 ` that ought to do it , ' he declares finally . ' 
 i was wondering , ' i begin casually , ` what are your thoughts on the subject of hallucinations ? ' 
 it is immediately obvious that it was a mistake to ask . 
 a thin veil comes over his eyes . 
 ` in the west there is cruel misunderstanding of the condition , often thought to portent madness so many people are unwilling to share their experiences . 
 but in other cultures hallucinations are regarded as a privileged state of consciousness that is actively sought using hallucinogens , solitude , spiritual practices and meditation . 
 do you ... have hallucinations ? ' 
 his words are deeply enlightened but his eyes are a trap for the unwary . 
 they watch me suspiciously . 
 ` just once , as a teenager , when i dropped an acid tablet , ' i say softly . 
 ` ah , ' his voice clears . 
 ` do you ever hear voices or see things ? ' 
 i look at him calmly . 
 ` no . ' 
 the veil lifts . 
 how easily i made that small doubt go away . 
 ` at some stage we 'll have to talk about what you did at the wedding , if that 's all right ? ' 
 i smile tightly . 
 ` of course . ' 
 ` we 'll need to examine that particularly heightened state of anxiety that you found yourself in . ' 
 ` i 'm afraid i lost touch with reality . 
 i was awfully depressed and angry . 
 i did n't think . 
 i 've never done anything like that before . 
 besides , i was n't really planning to hurt her . 
 i just wanted to frighten her . ' 
 he gazes at me , harmless as an old goat , as he tries to figure out if i am being honest . 
 i bend my head . 
 ` honest , i did n't mean to hurt her . 
 and i am terribly sorry for what i did . ' 
 and , surprisingly , he pats my hand reassuringly . 
 eight lana barrington in the morning we go downstairs to an amazing buffet breakfast spread . 
 the profusion of food is quite frankly a shock to me . 
 a vast selection of local dishes , omelets made to order , rice porridge , toasts , cakes , pastries , cut fruit , different kinds of cereal . 
 blake has bacon and eggs and i have pancakes with maple syrup and fruit . 
 sorab nibbles on fruit . 
 blake offers to keep sorab for the day while i do some shopping with billie . ' 
 i want you to buy a very short , white dress . 
 one of those stretchy materials if possible . ' 
 ` why ? ' 
 ` you 'll find out tonight . ' 
 ` ok , ' i agree with a grin . 
 ` what will you guys do ? ' 
 ` we have n't decided . 
 it 's between going to see the tigers or kidzania . ' 
 ` do n't go see the tigers without me , ' i wail . 
 ` that 's decided that , then . 
 it will be kidzania for us . ' 
 ` thank you , ' i say and plant a very noisy kiss on sorab 's nose , which he immediately wipes . 
 we leave the breakfast lounge together and separate in the lift . 
 sorab blows flying kisses as the lift doors close on us . 
 i walk along the corridor and knock on billie 's door . 
 she opens it with half-closed eyes , and walking away from me tumbles back into her bed . 
 ` good morning , ' i say brightly . 
 ` what time is it ? ' 
 she croaks from under the pillow . 
 ` after ten . ' 
 she rolls off the bed and drags herself into the bathroom . 
 i open the curtains to let the sunlight through the ceiling to floor windows . 
 i am standing at the window looking out at bangkok when she comes out in the hotel-provided robe , her face washed , and her wet hair wrapped in a towel . 
 ` have you had breakfast ? ' 
 she asks . 
 ` yup . 
 they have a beautiful spread downstairs . 
 want to go ? ' 
 ` are you kidding ? 
 i 'm not eating that shite . ' 
 she picks up the phone and orders breakfast : a bowl of jam and a glass of pineapple juice . 
 i shake my head , and she raises one weary , do n't - say-it eyebrow . 
 she puts down the phone and goes to sit on the bed . 
 ` so tell me about last night , then , ' i urge impatiently . 
 billie lights a fag , takes a huge lungful , and exhales slowly . 
 ` brian took me to bangla street . 
 i was doing cartwheels with the excitement of seeing a live pu ** y show , and boy was that street crammed with touts selling ping-pong shows . 
 they were so aggressive as well . 
 one would grab your arm , you 'd shake him off , and literally two feet later your arm would be grabbed again . 
 they all carried like a large laminated menu of things the girls in their clubs could do with their pussies . 
 most of them acted too vague and shady when brian asked about prices , saying that would be decided at the club . 
 anyway , one guy was willing to give brian definite prices so we followed him . ' 
 there is a knock on the door and billie goes to open it . 
 a hotel staff comes in with a tray of billie 's bowl of jam , a teaspoon and a glass of juice . 
 she signs his receipt , tips him , and he goes out , closing the door after himself . 
 billie has a sip of her juice and lifts the dome to expose her bowl of jam . 
 ` god , i 'm starving , ' she says . 
 she grinds out her cigarette and , yanking the towel over her head , drops it on a chair . 
 lifting the spoon she starts spooning jam into her mouth as she walks to the bed . 
 it never ceases to amaze me , no matter how many times i see it-billie polishing off a bowl of jam for breakfast . 
 i never thought a human being could exist on jam , chocolates , and pizza . 
 ` there were about twenty-five different things the girls at his club could do . 
 they could shoot ping-pong balls out of their fannies , sew with them , work their muscles so violently that they turned water into soda , open the tops of beer bottles . ' 
 ` open a beer bottle ? ' 
 i interject , shocked , despite myself . 
 she nods sagely . ' 
 i would n't have believed it had i not seen it with my own eyes . 
 the guy took us to this place-small and smoky , and lit up like a comedy club , but somehow very seedy . 
 there were tables around a stage . 
 we were given one that was so close i could rest my feet at the wooden edge of the stage . 
 the only other people were an elderly european couple , a lone man with a huge beer belly-german probably-and a chinese or japanese couple huddled together looking bewildered . 
 ` anyway , we ordered our drinks . 
 apparently , what was unfolding on the stage was the last segment of another show . 
 this girl was filling her vagina with ping-pong balls . 
 she then shot them out with mind-zapping force at the audience . 
 the funny thing was the elderly couple took a few in the chest and head and did not even flinch or duck as the balls hit them . 
 no one clapped when it was over . 
 it was all very odd . ' 
 billie scrapes her spoon on the bowl , licks the spoon and waves it around . 
 ` she had straight , long hair , a cute little arse and a tattoo around her belly button which i really liked , but believe me , the only thing she communicated was boredom . 
 i actually ca n't remember when i have seen someone look more bored . 
 at this point a group of noisy aussie surfer boy types walked in . 
 as they took their places a man brought a birthday cake and deposited it on the stage . 
 the girl sat behind it , inserted a straw into her fanny , and blew out the six candles on it while the aussie boys cheered her on with wolf whistles . ' 
 billie pulls a cigarette out of a box , lights it , and takes a full drag . 
 ` then she walked off and another girl walked on . 
 this one , who looked pretty similar to the last one , danced and gyrated a few seconds around a metal pole and then came to the front of the stage , suddenly opened her legs , and f ** k me , out plopped a live gerbil . 
 the aussies were loving it-they screamed and howled-but i was totally horrified . ' 
 she shudders with the memory . 
 ` you know how much i love gerbils . 
 that 's mental cruelty right there . 
 the poor thing looked drenched and confused . 
 it tried to run off , but the man who had brought the birthday cake came out from behind the curtains , picked it off by its tail , and walked off with it . 
 that put me right off . ' 
 from the time she told me about the gerbil my hand had flown to my mouth in shock . 
 an uncomfortable giggle escapes me . 
 ` what happened then ? ' 
 ` then she played a recorder with her pu ** y , which i have to admit was pretty damn impressive . 
 and after that the way she then opened the beer bottle was f ** king freaky . 
 she simply squatted down over it , and popped its top off in seconds . 
 by the time she turned water into soda water , the aussies were starting to get downright rowdy , the single man was leaning forward eagerly , and i had started to feel icky about my moronic decision to go there . 
 i felt really sorry for those women . ' 
 she taps the ash off the end of her cigarette and scratches her leg where a mosquito had bitten her the night before . 
 ` it 's worse than being a prostitute . 
 at least prostitutes suffer their degradations in private . 
 but these poor women ... all of them had the same blank expression . 
 i guess mentally each one had switched off , and taken her mind to a different place . 
 ` at that point i shot a look at brian and he had an expression of pity on his face . 
 so we left . 
 but not before we had a massive row about the bill with a big woman on ugly pills and her walrus-faced helper . 
 they had added all these extras on and inflated the bill by about ten times . 
 brian refused to pay and told them to call the police . 
 that stopped them cold . ' 
 i stare at billie , not knowing what to say . ' 
 i thought it was going to be fun and cool , but no one i saw was doing it for fun . 
 now i 'm just sorry i ever went . 
 i ca n't un-see it , and i feel like i 've stolen a part of their pitiful souls . 
 in the taxi later , brian told me most of them are trafficked women who do n't get paid hardly anything , and some have been seriously hurt while performing . ' ' 
 i guess we never realize how privileged and lucky we are until we see what some people 's lives are like . ' ' 
 i just imagined it to be like some sort of circus , but it was n't . ' 
 i go up to her and take her hand . 
 ` i 'm sorry you feel bad , billie , but i 'm glad you did n't enjoy it . 
 every day we learn something about the world and about ourselves . ' 
 ` oh , now might be the perfect time to tell you that i 'm giving up the baby clothes business , ' she announces . 
 ` why ? ' 
 i ask , surprised . 
 she lifts one shoulder in a shrug . ' 
 i thought you loved designing . 
 and you are so awesome at it . ' 
 she sighs . 
 ` well , i spoke to that accountant blake sent me to , and it all boils down to two strategies . 
 a : i make the clothes in england and sell them as exclusive designer gear in rich people 's shops , or b : i reduce the quality so they can be mass produced by slaves in some third world country and flog them to ordinary people . 
 both options are almost equally repulsive to me . ' 
 ` so what do you want to do , then ? ' ' 
 i want to work with your charity . 
 does it pay ? ' 
 ` yes , it pays , ' i shriek happily . 
 ` and i 'd love to have you working with me . ' 
 ` great . 
 when do i start ? ' 
 i ca n't stop grinning . 
 ` as soon as we get back . 
 i 'm still waiting for all the legal leg work and jargon to be over and done with , but the first thing we are doing is supplying clean , free water in poor countries . ' 
 ` clean , free water . 
 do we get that ? ' 
 i hesitate . 
 ` well , no . ' 
 ` so ... ' ` billie , are you going to start ? 
 or are we going to help these kids who have to walk for hours to fetch a pail of diseased water from the river ? ' 
 ` now that you put it like that . ' 
 i shake my head at her . 
 ` sometimes ... ' ` now might also be a good time to tell you that i 'm having my boobs done . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 i exclaim , surprised by the sudden change in topic , and the topic itself . 
 ` the shocks are coming in thick and fast today . ' 
 she smiles wickedly . 
 ` i 've always wanted big , beautiful br ** sts . 
 and yesterday i realized that if i ca n't be small and delicate like these thai girls , then i want horribly perfect , overtly sexual melons on my chest . 
 i think i 'd like the idea of socking a man for looking at my cle ** age , and not my eyes , while he is talking to me . ' 
 ` you 're one strange girl , billie . ' 
 she puts the empty bowl and spoon on the tray , lights another cigarette , and inhales languidly . ' 
 i know , ' she sighs dreamily . 
 we spend what 's left of the morning shopping at siam paragon . 
 i manage to find a short white lycra dress as per blake 's instructions . 
 ` very racy , ' is billie 's comment . 
 billie buys herself a pair of gold hotpants she saw one of the hookers wearing the night before and a sequined sandringham blue tank top . 
 ` do n't worry . 
 they 're not to be worn together , ' she assures me . 
 after lunch we return to the hotel and we agree to meet by the pool in half an hour , but after a few laps in the afternoon heat i am already exhausted . 
 billie takes the nanny and sorab back with her , and blake and i go back to our suite . 
 blake gets on with some work while i go up the flight of black wooden stairs and get into the shower . 
 it is nearly three when i come out . 
 i can hear blake downstairs on the telephone . 
 i switch on the hairdryer . 
 the water or the heat has made it a little flyaway so i end up clipping the sides with two brown slides . 
 i apply some lip gloss and some mascara and then i stand in front of the six dresses i have brought with me indecisively . 
 i try them all on , discard all six , and then go back to the first one , which is a short-sleeved , rather bold affair with large , bright flowers . 
 it slips over my head like liquid . 
 i smooth it down my hips and look at myself critically . 
 perhaps the plain blue dress will be a better choice . 
 i look at the blue dress . 
 maybe it is a tad too short . 
 i flash a smile at my reflection . 
 and then a scowl . 
 oh , what the hell ! 
 i 'll just wear this . 
 i take the slides off and tie my hair back with a red ribbon and add a shimmer of fragrance . 
 when i come down the stairs , blake is sitting at the dining table working . 
 he looks up from his work and whistles , which is a good thing , because if he approves then helena probably will , too . 
 he puts his elbows on the table , next to his green coconut drink , and smiles an angelic smile . 
 the sun is coming in through the large glass wall behind him and he looks positively edible . 
 ` come here , ' he mouths . 
 oh man , this man could charm birds out of a tree . 
 ` no way , ' i mouth back . 
 ` are you seriously disobeying me , mrs. barrington ? ' 
 i nod . 
 a dark chuckle rips through him . 
 he raises his eyebrows . 
 ` are you sure about this ? ' 
 he asks . 
 i glance at the door . 
 it is no more than ten feet away , and he is at least thirty away . 
 and he is seated . 
 i can definitely make it . 
 grinning cheekily at him i make a dash for the door . 
 i run like every horned devil in hell is after me . 
 i am breathing hard and laughing as i grasp the doorknob . 
 an iron-strong embrace crushes me , still laughing and breathless , into a big male chest . 
 my eyes travel upwards and collide with his . 
 his are magnificent , dancing with laughter and mischief . 
 nice mischief . 
 and a wicked , wicked sliver of desire . 
 his scent is like a sweet mist around me . 
 hot fingers tease my nape . 
 other fingers are at my skirt , dragging it upwards . 
 ` do n't you dare , ' i warn breathlessly , but my voice is fluttery , lacks any real conviction . 
 ` no woman should go and see her mother-in-law without a little lick . ' 
 i groan , ` no , ' and try to wriggle out of his hold . 
 ` or yes , that feels good . ' 
 i stop wriggling . 
 ` this is a bad idea . 
 you 're going to muss up my clothes , ' i scold , even though , like a starved little thing , my sex is already yearning for his tongue . 
 he laughs , the sound deep and coconut-scented . 
 ` it 's the best idea i 've had all year . 
 no one will ever know , ' he purrs silkily . 
 my skirt climbs steadily . 
 fuck it . 
 he is going to have his way . 
 i know it . 
 i can taste it . 
 i can sense it searing in his blood ... and mine . ' 
 i ca n't let poor pu ** y go to a chilly hotel suite with the air conditioning turned up too high . 
 poor thing , all alone , and barely covered . ' 
 i crack a smile and lean back against the door . 
 ` good job , barrington , dragging me kicking and screaming to exactly where i want to go . ' 
 the wandering hand arrives at my inner thigh . 
 his palm is warm on my bare skin . 
 suddenly he is no longer over and above me , but underneath my skirt . 
 i throw my head back and laugh . 
 i 'm not going to be laughing for long . 
 fingers creep under the gusset of my knickers and pull it to one side . 
 other fingers part me open . 
 a warm mouth latches onto my cleft , and sucks me out as if i am an oyster , raw and about to lose its insides . 
 oh , yeah . 
 see ? 
 told you i would n't be laughing for long . 
 radiant heat glows between my legs . 
 i close my eyes and allow the never-stopping , never-easing shimmering magic to work . 
 he does n't mess about and i crest quickly . 
 he licks up the juices , replaces the material over my slit , and comes up , lips wet and smiling . 
 wonderfully warm and glowing , i stretch languorously and smile up at him mistily . 
 ` now that 's how a girl should be sent to see her mother-in-law . ' 
 ` blake ? ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` what if she does n't like me ? ' 
 he shrugs nonchalantly . 
 ` and so what ? 
 you 're not married to her . ' 
 ` she 's not going to like me , is she ? ' 
 ` why do you need her to like you ? ' ' 
 i do n't know . 
 i just thought it might be nice . 
 nobody wants their mother-in-law to hate them . ' 
 ` well , my darling , just remember what i told you . 
 the less you try to placate her , the more chances you have of being `` liked '' by her . ' 
 ` do you think this dress makes me look like a municipal flower bed ? ' 
 he smiles . 
 ` you look like a prize-winning mixed seed packet blooming in summer . ' 
 ` is that a compliment ? ' 
 ` you bet it is , ' he says and opening the door gently pushes me into the corridor . 
 nine i ring the bell of her suite and a woman in a mannish suit and a brisk efficient air opens the door . 
 she invites me into the suite with a professional smile and introduces herself as ann rivers , helena 's personal assistant . 
 the air conditioning has been turned up so high i shiver slightly . 
 she leads me into the dining room . 
 a thai waitress waiting by the sideboard bows from the neck and puts her palms together as if in prayer . 
 i return the gesture and look around me to a table that has been set to the nines . 
 there are all kinds of cutlery and all kinds of food that i do n't recognize . 
 there is also a sideboard full of dishes in covered stainless steel warmers . 
 i bite my lip with consternation . 
 of all the settings helena could have picked , this i consider the most intimidating . 
 as i am standing there she walks in from the opposite doorway . 
 she has timed it brilliantly and i look at her with some awe . 
 there is something very commanding about this beautiful woman . 
 she has what my mother called star quality . 
 as soon as she walks into a room she dominates it utterly , the way a full moon dominates the entire night sky . 
 she is wearing a classic tan and black hounds tooth suit over a black turtleneck sweater , and her hair and face are immaculate . 
 her choice of a turtleneck sweater in this climate surprises me a bit . 
 she smiles at me . 
 the smile carries genuine warmth in it , and i smile back . 
 maybe this will turn out all right . 
 ann retreats unobtrusively . 
 ` do have a seat , ' she invites and points to a chair at one end of the table . 
 the table is large enough to seat six . 
 helena then takes her place at the head of the table . 
 the thai waitress pushes the chair in as i sit down , and whipping a napkin open , lays it expertly across my lap . 
 as the waitress does the same with helena i look nervously at the utensils around me . 
 why on earth did i imagine that this was meant to be a casual tea , some finger sandwiches , warm scones and a few slices of cake ? 
 ` well , this is nice , ' i say . 
 my voice sounds higher than normal . 
 ` yes , quite . 
 i thought we should get to know one another , ' helena tells me . 
 her voice is soft and friendly , far more so than yesterday . ' 
 i want to know all about you and how you met blake . ' 
 oh no , you do n't , i think , but i smile politely . 
 ` we met through a mutual acquaintance . ' 
 ` ah , of course . 
 who was it ? ' 
 ` rupert lothian . ' 
 she tries to frown , but the botox stands in the way . 
 ` never heard of him . 
 who is he ? ' 
 ` i. . . 
 er ... worked for him . ' 
 she looks at me . 
 ` that 's nice . ' 
 there is an expression in her eyes that makes me suspect she knows exactly who rupert is , and exactly how i met blake . 
 she picks up a small white jar that is near her right hand . 
 i notice that i , too , have a similar jar to my right hand . 
 mine contains milk . 
 i watch her pour the milk in her jar into what i had assumed was a fingerbowl . 
 she fills it to one-third and looks at me . 
 her expression is almost quizzical . 
 she smiles , as if she ca n't understand why i am not doing the same . 
 i smile back , and , quickly lifting my jar , copy her . 
 i can not imagine how the milk will be used . 
 perhaps we will be dipping something into it . 
 when i look at her again , she is still smiling , but her smile is cold and hard . 
 you are not one of us , no matter what you do , wear , et cetera-we will sniff you out , her eyes tell me . 
 she bends and puts the bowl of milk on the floor . 
 straightening and meeting my eyes , hers shining with malice , she calls out , ` constable , here , boy . 
 milk . ' 
 fiery heat rushes up my neck and cheeks . 
 for a second , i am frozen with horror at the vindictiveness with which she has deliberately tricked me . 
 blake was right . 
 i should never have tried to be accepted by her . 
 and then i straighten my shoulders and smile , the kind of smile i never thought i would be able to accomplish . 
 coldly . 
 their kind of smile . 
 something changes in her eyes . 
 how quick she is to recognize a worthy opponent . 
 constable , a small , white handbag dog , is noisily lapping up the milk . 
 for a little while there is only the sound it makes and the low hum of the air conditioning . 
 then , i reach for a tiny morsel of food . 
 it is round and blue . 
 i do not recognize it , and i do not care . 
 i pick it up with my fingers and daintily pop it into my mouth . 
 beyond the first impression of it being warm and soft with some sweet filling , i do not register anything else . 
 chewing steadily , i meet helena 's eyes , and hers are surprised and slightly horrified by my uncouth manners . 
 oh , but , i 'm not finished yet , helena . 
 i turn to the woman in the starched outfit standing by the sideboard . 
 ` oh , hello , ' i say cheerfully . 
 ` what 's your name ? ' 
 her dark , almond eyes widen with surprise , perhaps even alarm . 
 no doubt they teach her what they used to tell the african american slaves - a room with you in it must seem empty . 
 ` my name is somchai , ' she says , bowing her head deferentially . 
 her voice is barely a whisper . 
 ` come and try this , somchai . 
 i 'd like you to taste it and tell me what is in it , ' i invite expansively . 
 she looks confused and shoots a worried glance at helena . 
 ` oh ! 
 do n't worry about helena . 
 she wo n't mind , ' i dismiss airily . 
 ` i 'm sure she wants to know what she is eating too . ' 
 somchai comes forward timidly . ' 
 i do n't need to taste . 
 i can tell you what all the different dishes are . ' 
 ` oh , that will be nice . 
 do , please . ' 
 ` what you have just eaten is a coconut hotcake . 
 it is like a mini pancake with different sweet fillings . ' 
 she points to the dish not with her forefinger but with her hand made into a small fist and the thumb jutting out to form a polite pointer . 
 ` and this one here is fried shrimp with glutinous rice . 
 this one is taro root mixed with flour and turned into balls . 
 that over there is called golden threads . 
 they are strings of egg yolk quickly , quickly boiled in sugar syrup . 
 next to it is grass jelly . 
 that one there is money bags : crispy , deep fried pastry purses filled with minced pork , dried shrimp and corn wrapped in cha phlu leaves . ' 
 i nod as if i am fascinated by her descriptions while she works her way down the table and starts on the covered dishes warming on the sideboard . 
 rice field crab cakes served with green papaya salad , salt beef dumplings , fermented pork neck sausages with ginger , tiny banana leaf cups filled with ant and chicken eggs , grilled cuttlefish stuffed inside jackfruit , and yuck ... fried silk worm pupae . 
 ` wow ! 
 what a feast , ' i cry , my voice unnaturally shrill and bright . 
 ` there is too much here for two . 
 would you like to join us , somchai ? ' 
 without giving her the chance to answer , i instruct genially . 
 ` come on . 
 pull up a chair beside me . ' 
 helena gasps , which gladdens my heart no end , but poor somchai suddenly looks terrified . 
 a small animal getting crushed in the middle of two fighting elephants . 
 she shakes her head slightly . 
 ` thank you very much . 
 it is too kind of you , but i have already eaten . ' 
 i take pity on her . 
 ` oh , that 's a shame . 
 never mind then . 
 maybe next time . ' 
 somchai shoots another nervous glance at helena . 
 and helena takes that opportunity to take control of the situation . 
 ` that will be all . 
 you can go now , ' she dismisses coldly . 
 i turn to look at her . 
 her mouth is a thin , disapproving line . 
 somchai bows from the neck first in helena 's direction and then in mine . 
 then she scuttles away as quickly as she can , never to be seen again . 
 as soon as the door closes , helena looks at me . 
 ` are you quite finished ? ' 
 she seethes quietly . 
 ` as a matter of fact , yes , ' i say , and sweep upward regally . 
 ` sit down , lana , ' helena grates . 
 ` you 've made your point . 
 there is no point in carrying on with this childishness . ' 
 it occurs to me that she started it , but i obey . 
 she is right . 
 some kind of truce needs to be declared . 
 ` how do you have your tea ? ' 
 now that somchai has been dismissed , i realize that we are going to have to serve ourselves if we are going to eat and drink . 
 i stand , and picking up the teapot , take it over to her . 
 carefully , i fill her tea cup while she steadfastly keeps her eyes on the tea pouring into her cup . 
 i can smell her hairspray . 
 ` thank you , ' she says , and i cease pouring . 
 ` sugar ? ' 
 she shakes her head . 
 ` milk ? ' 
 i enquire innocently . 
 she looks up at me then , her eyes sharp , cunning as a crocodile . 
 ` thank you . ' 
 i glance at the empty jug stationed beside her beringed hand and watch her hand spasm into a fist . 
 returning to my side , i fill my cup silently with tea and put two sugars into it . 
 then i return the milk from the bowl back into the jug , and taking it over to her and positioning the jug above her cup of tea begin pouring . 
 she raises her hand to indicate when she has had enough . 
 i take the jug back to my end of the table and sitting down pour some milk into my cup . 
 silently i stir my milk . ' 
 i have an issue to take up with you . ' 
 i raise an eyebrow . 
 ` i 'm not happy about that creature you have taking care of my grandson . ' 
 my mouth hangs open with astonishment . 
 i snap it shut , as mad as a cut snake . 
 now she has gone where she definitely should n't have . 
 ` that creature happens to be my best friend , and i will thank you not to refer to her as such again in my presence . ' 
 ` that woman with a neck that looks like a public lavatory wall is your best friend ? ' 
 the arrogance and snobbery is breathtaking . 
 i take a deep and cleansing breath before i dream of answering her . 
 ` has she done anything that makes you believe she is unfit to care for your grandson ? ' 
 her eyes flicker insolently . 
 she has done that on purpose to provoke me . 
 the white , perfectly manicured fingers of her right hand are resting delicately on the table top . 
 the air conditioning hums like a lazy insect . 
 it is actually too cold in this room . 
 i 'm starting to get chicken skin on my arms and legs . 
 i wonder if she has turned it up on purpose . 
 no wonder she is wearing a turtleneck sweater . 
 i come to the conclusion that one of the things i detest and deeply resent most is being in a freezing hotel room with my mother-in-law . 
 ` well , ' i say quietly , ` i 'd rather be her than a bloodline snob , any day . ' 
 she smiles cynically . 
 ` are you sure ? 
 you seem to have done everything in your power to ... catch a bloodline snob in your net . ' 
 ` by some quirk of fate i find myself married to one , but i can assure you i would n't want to be one of you . ' 
 ` you do n't seem to understand . 
 our bloodline can be traced back to antiquity , beyond recorded history . 
 we , the thirteen original families , have been in power since time immemorial . 
 we are born to lead . 
 it is the design of the current paradigm . 
 our bloodline is a privilege . 
 you can not join the family . 
 you must be born into it . 
 there is no other way in . 
 so you can never be one of us . ' 
 she stops and takes a delicate sip of tea and i stare at the sheer hubris of the woman . 
 ` and just so you are aware , breeding is case specific , depending on the role required . 
 there are no ` unapproved ' unions . 
 our families always intermarry between houses . 
 in all my time on this earth i have never seen or heard of a family member breaking this code . ' 
 ` your son just did . ' 
 she carries on as if i had not spoken . 
 ` in the rare instance of a child being born in ... well ... difficult circumstances , that child will be raised in accordance with the family rules , but away from either of its parents . 
 to serve the family . ' 
 my heart hammers in my chest . 
 ` is that what you have planned for sorab ? ' 
 her words chill me to the bone . 
 ` everybody serves the family . 
 one way or another . ' 
 ` well , sorab is not . 
 he is my son and i will die before i give him up to the `` family '' . ' 
 swollen with vanity she sits at her fine table and smiles knowingly , but i know how to prick her . 
 ` did you know what your husband was doing to your son ? ' 
 she does n't pretend not to understand . 
 her eyes flash with anger . 
 ` you must be very proud of yourself . 
 rising up from the lowest rung of society , snaring a man such as my son and now presuming to sit in judgment of me . 
 how old are you ? ' 
 ` twenty-one . ' 
 ` and you think you know how everything works , do you ? ' 
 how clever she is . 
 suddenly i am under attack again . ' 
 i know fathers should n't abuse their sons , ' i say . 
 she scowls and flushes with rage . 
 ` abuse ? 
 how dare you ? 
 who said anything about abuse ? ' 
 for a moment i am so taken aback by her genuine anger that i start to think she did not know , and that i have accused her wrongly , and my brain instinctively scrambles to apologize , but her next words make me realize that she is not angry because i accused her , but because i have dared to question the ways of her precious bloodline . 
 her voice is abruptly and disconcertingly quiet and mild . 
 ` there is a tribe in asia , untouched by western influence , ' she pauses to smile sarcastically . 
 ` something you , no doubt , will advocate preserving . 
 the custom of this tribe is that when the husband comes home from a hard day 's hunting , he puts down his hunting accouterments , and goes up the steps of his wooden house to call to his daughter-usually she will be very young , less than ten , perhaps even five or less . 
 when he calls her , she knows what he wants of her and she will go to him and lie down , usually in the main room where everyone can see what is going on . 
 he will open her small legs , and right there in front of his wife and all his other children , he will put his mouth between her legs and he will suck . ' 
 she stops to savor my unconcealed horror . 
 ` often while he is drinking from her innocent little pu ** y , she will be drinking from her milk bottle . ' 
 i stare at her in shock . 
 is she telling the truth ? 
 ` you do n't believe me ? ' 
 she challenges . 
 ` go look it up . ' 
 her face morphs into a hard , cold mask . 
 ` mind you , only the father has this privilege . 
 this act , no matter what it may seem like to your education and understanding , has no sexual connotation to it at all . 
 it is done to strengthen the man . 
 as the girl grows and becomes a woman , the practice is no longer considered strengthening and is discarded . 
 but the girl will carry fond memories of the times she has ` helped ' her father . 
 after all , it must be a rather pleasant exchange . ' 
 she pauses , and , picking up a pair of chopsticks , reaches for and expertly captures the dried shrimp and corn wrapped in cha phlu leaves . 
 ` will you be the intrepid woman who will go and inform this tribe that what they are doing is shameful and barbaric ? ' 
 i swallow hard , bereft of words . 
 ` no ? 
 and yet you are happy to sit here and lecture me on the barbaric nature of our ways and our rituals . ' 
 this woman is truly a master at mind games . 
 every time i think i have her cornered , i find that i am the one in the corner . 
 ` if these girls remember their encounters as fond memories then how can they be compared to what happened to blake ? 
 he still suffers from awful nightmares . ' ' 
 i am surprised at you . 
 what kind of woman encourages her husband to be weak ? ' 
 a bark of laugher erupts from me . 
 ` weak ? ' 
 ` children have nightmares about their visits to the dentist . 
 would you have them not visit the dentist ? ' 
 i throw my hands in the air in exasperation . 
 i feel as if i am caught in the twilight zone . 
 this woman is totally nuts . 
 i stand up . 
 ` i 'm going . 
 thanks for the tea . ' 
 she remains seated . ' 
 i am leaving tomorrow , but i will see you in belgium for the july ball . 
 it is our most important gathering . 
 blake will want to `` introduce you '' , i 'm sure . ' 
 i look her in the eye . ' 
 i wo n't be going . ' 
 for the first time i see that i have confounded her . 
 she did not expect that . 
 it never crossed her mind that anyone would refuse such an important invitation . 
 i take the milk jug and pour the milk back into the bowl . 
 then i place it on the ground . 
 ` here , constable . 
 here , boy , ' i call . 
 the little dog jumps up from its prone position and runs toward the bowl . 
 i straighten and she is watching me . 
 her mouth is a thin line , her jaw is tight . 
 ` goodbye , helena . 
 i do n't think we 'll ever meet again . ' 
 ` do n't think you can keep blake from the gathering . ' 
 ` blake is welcome to go . 
 that will be his decision . ' 
 ` you 're making a mistake , a big mistake . ' ' 
 i do n't think so , ' i say quietly , and leave her room . 
 i take the lift and go back to our suite . 
 i feel so odd , so small . 
 at our suite blake is waiting for me . 
 he takes me into his arms . 
 ` how did it go ? ' 
 ` it went exactly as you thought it would . ' 
 ` i 'm sorry . 
 i know you wanted it to go well . ' 
 ` it was silly of me to think it would go any other way . 
 i am the worst person you could have married , are n't i ? ' 
 he grins . 
 ` it would have been worse if i had married billie . ' 
 that makes me giggle . 
 ` do you know she said billie 's neck looked like the wall of a public lavatory ? ' 
 one side of his lips lift , as his heart-stopping , long lashes sweep down . 
 ` that 's mother for you . ' 
 ` joking aside , she really hates me , does n't she ? ' 
 ` she does n't hate you . 
 she is jealous of you . 
 she 'd give up all her money and privilege to be you . ' 
 ` me ? ' 
 ` everything you take for granted , the apple-like tightness of your cheeks , the firmness of your body , the light in your eyes . 
 they are a cause of great envy for those who have passed that stage . ' 
 ` how sad that we all have to grow old . ' 
 he looks into my eyes . 
 ` i 've ordered you high tea . ' 
 i frown . 
 ` you have ? ' 
 ` hmm ... ' he takes me by the hand to the dining table . 
 it is laid out with a proper english tea . 
 finger sandwiches , scones , cream , raspberry jam , cakes . 
 i look at him and feel like bursting into tears . 
 ` you knew she 'd do that . ' ' 
 i did n't know . 
 i guessed . 
 but i had to let you try . ' 
 ` oh , my darling , ' i ramble . ' 
 i love you so much nobody even knows how much because that 's just how much i love you . ' 
 ` ok , ' he agrees with a wide grin . 
 ten victoria jane montgomery ` hello , mummy , ' i greet softly . 
 ` hello , dahhling , ' she witters excitedly , and coming forward , grasps my shoulders and kisses both my cheeks soundly . 
 her blue eyes are crinkled at the corners , but deep within them i see something disconcerting . 
 it is not i but she who is dancing on the edge of madness . 
 ` how are you ? ' 
 she asks , her voice still an untamed shriek . 
 my mother and i have never been close , but i can see now that she can be my most useful ally . 
 i smile my sweetest smile at her . ' 
 i feel fine . ' ' 
 i thought it was going to be a horrible day , but has n't it turned out so lovely ? ' 
 of course . 
 the weather . 
 she is talking about the weather as if i am a stranger that she has met at the village bakery . 
 very english . 
 sure . 
 i can do that . 
 i turn toward the window . 
 the sun is shining . 
 ` yes , you are right , it is a beautiful morning . ' 
 my mother 's right hand floats uncertainly up toward her face and suddenly she seems a pitiful creature . 
 ` are they treating you well ? ' 
 ` yes , everyone is very nice . ' 
 ` oh good . ' 
 she sighs , and appears relieved . 
 ` how is daddy ? ' 
 ` well , he misses you , of course . 
 he ca n't wait for when you are better , when you will be allowed to return , ' she says brightly . 
 ` when do you think that will be , mother ? ' 
 mother blinks uncertainly . 
 she honestly reminds me of a deer caught in headlights . 
 ` well , as soon as you are better , my dear . ' 
 ah , no time soon then , but she is still speaking . 
 ` do n't worry about that now . 
 just get better quickly . 
 take all your medicines and do everything the doctors tell you , ca n't you ? 
 you 'll be home in the blink of an eye . 
 come and stay with us for a while . 
 i 've never liked the idea of you staying alone in that flat in london , anyway . ' 
 ` yes , that 's a good idea . 
 i will . ' 
 she smiles , pleased at the thought of me staying with them . 
 ` would you like me to bring you anything the next time i come ? ' 
 ` yes , as a matter of fact i 'd like to read some of the books you read . ' 
 mummy frowns . 
 ` but i only read romances . ' 
 ` yes , they will do nicely . ' 
 ` but you hate them . ' 
 ` i 've changed my mind . 
 the library here is in quite a disgusting state . 
 it almost entirely consists of the third part of trilogies . ' 
 she smiles broadly . 
 ` yes , i 'll bring you some of my favorite books . ' 
 i look at her brooch . 
 it is not her best one . 
 ` mummy , can i have that brooch you are wearing ? ' 
 her hand flutters to it . 
 ` this ? ' 
 i nod . 
 she frowns in consternation . 
 she can not understand why i might want her brooch . 
 ` why ? ' 
 ` i 'd just like to keep it while i am here . 
 it 'll remind me of you . 
 at night . 
 when it gets lonely . ' 
 ` of course , of course . ' 
 she takes it off with trembling hands and brings it to me . 
 ` thank you , mummy . ' 
 our fingers touch and before she can remove her hand i catch the smooth , slightly knobby fingers . 
 her eyes run upward to meet mine-hers are startled and a little frightened . 
 she is now afraid of me . 
 afraid of what i am capable of . ' 
 i have n't been a very good daughter , have i ? ' 
 the little liar begins to shake her head , quite vehemently too . ' 
 i know , ' i continue , ` that i have n't been a good daughter . 
 i 've been too ... obsessive . ' 
 she draws a sharp breath . 
 this is territory that she has been warned not to go into . 
 we might end up talking about that terrible thing that i did to blake 's slut . 
 she rushes . 
 ` do n't worry about all that now . 
 you just get better . ' 
 ` thank you , mummy . 
 i was wondering if you could bring me some of my jewelry , too , perhaps the designer pieces . 
 it will make me feel better while i sit here . ' 
 ` of course , but what if the staff or the other patients pinch it ? ' 
 i shrug . 
 ` then you 'll bring me some more . 
 they are not too expensive to replace . ' 
 she smiles , a ray of sunshine in her worried face . 
 ` i 'll bring a little safe for you . ' 
 ` thank you , mummy . ' 
 she sighs . 
 ` do you know this might have been the best thing that 's ever happened to me , after all ? ' 
 ` oh ? ' ' 
 i was too spoilt and selfish . 
 i think i 'd like to build new bridges with you and daddy . 
 start afresh and all that . 
 i hope with time , ' i pause and drop my head , ` you and daddy and blake ... and his wife will find it in your hearts to forgive me for what i have done . ' 
 ` oh , darling . 
 there is nothing to forgive . 
 certainly not on my side , anyway . ' ' 
 i disgraced you and daddy . ' 
 ` never mind . 
 no use crying over spilt milk . ' ' 
 i think the meds are helping . 
 i feel a lot calmer now . 
 a bit as if i am floating on a cloud . ' 
 she smiles . 
 ` probably a good thing . 
 you 've always been a little intense . ' 
 i laugh . 
 and so does she . 
 she will be my ally . 
 after a while she leaves . 
 i am happy to see her go . 
 i find her exhausting , but i need her . 
 i stand at the window . 
 i can see daddy 's rolls parked close to the entrance . 
 i wait by the window until i see her emerge from the building and cross the road . 
 as she is about to get into the car , someone enters my room . 
 i turn around . 
 it is angel . 
 i smile at her . 
 ` how are we today ? ' 
 she says . 
 her voice is jaunty . ' 
 i have a surprise for you , ' i say . 
 ` when people say that to me it usually means they have soiled the bed or something equally revolting . ' 
 i open my palm and show her the brooch . 
 she gasps and comes forward . 
 ` oh , it 's beautiful , lady victoria . ' 
 and then she stops and looks at me . 
 ` it 's real , is n't it ? ' 
 ` of course . ' ' 
 i do n't think we are allowed to take such expensive gifts from the patients . ' ' 
 i wo n't tell if you wo n't . ' 
 ` well , ' she says doubtfully . 
 ` besides , i 'm not allowed jewelry . 
 let alone something so sharp . ' 
 ` that 's true . 
 it is very sharp . 
 you could hurt yourself with it . ' 
 ` exactly . 
 why do n't we trade ? ' 
 ` trade ? ' 
 her tone becomes suspicious . 
 ` in exchange , you let me use your cell phone sometimes to make local calls . 
 how about that ? ' 
 ` local calls . ' 
 ` just to friends and family , if i start to miss them too much ... ' her face changes . ' 
 i guess that would be ok . ' 
 ` oh thank you , angel . 
 you do n't know how happy you 've made me . 
 thank you . ' 
 i take a step forward and place the brooch into her palm . 
 we look at each other-both our eyes are shining . 
 she does n't know it , but both of us have just made a bargain with the devil . 
 eleven lana barrington there is hardly a breeze to ameliorate the relentless humidity that extends into the night like the embrace of an unwanted lover . 
 the wet heat hits us like a wall when we exit the hotel . 
 we have dinner in a beautiful restaurant in the middle of bangkok then blake takes me to a club . 
 it is darkly lit , smoky , and throbbing with sultry music , but it is also air conditioned and wonderfully cool . 
 it seems full of european men and scantily clad , snake-hipped local girls . 
 all the tables and booths face a round stage . 
 ` what is this place ? ' 
 i ask blake . 
 ` it 's a place where everything is allowed . ' 
 there is a stage lit with a red light . 
 we are taken to a booth by a girl in a lace bustier , leather knickers and black stockings . 
 ` you like something to drink ? ' 
 she asks . 
 ` give us a couple of your most potent cocktails , ' blake says . 
 she nods , smiles and leaves . 
 i look around me . 
 ` we are in a sex club , are n't we ? ' 
 blake grins . ' 
 i love that it 's taken you all this time to figure that out . ' 
 the drinks arrive , umbrellas galore . 
 i take a sip . 
 it is deceptively cloying . 
 i should be careful . 
 i have already had a few over dinner . 
 ` i 've changed my mind . 
 get me a whiskey , ' blake tells the waitress . 
 she nods and leaves . 
 the blue neon light comes on over the stage . 
 a girl walks on . 
 she is dressed in a white bikini top and matching thong . 
 the costume glows against her dusky skin . 
 she has long black hair that reaches her waist . 
 a tiny little man with a sickly yellow complexion runs in front of her and deposits a stool at the edge of the stage . 
 she gyrates and dances around the stool . 
 i have a sudden fear that she is going to drop a wet gerbil . 
 slowly she peels her sticky thong off . 
 underneath she is wearing a brazilian wax . 
 i squirm in my seat . 
 the memory of billie telling me she felt as if she had stolen a part of their soul by watching them is still fresh in my mind . 
 besides , i am jealous , i am not sure i want blake to be watching this . 
 he turns his eyes toward me . 
 ` just think of her as a performer . 
 i only want you . ' 
 i look into his eyes . 
 unconvinced , i touch him between the legs . 
 he is un-aroused . 
 it may be childish of me , but that makes me feel a whole lot better . 
 i leave his eyes and concentrate on the stage . 
 the girl sits on the stool and suddenly lifts her legs athletically off the ground . 
 with her knees held straight she opens them into a wide v towards the audience . 
 all her bits are exposed to the audience . 
 a spotlight is shone onto her vagina . 
 it is an uncomfortable moment for me . 
 i keep thinking that blake might be attracted to her . 
 i hate the thought . 
 i take a huge gulp of my drink . 
 the same man who brought the stool brings a cigarette box to her ! 
 he offers it to her and she takes one . 
 with a face as serious as murder he lights it for her and she puts it into her mouth . 
 i stare with astonishment as she transfers the cigarette from her mouth to her vagina and starts blowing perfect smoke rings ! 
 i turn to blake , but he is looking at me . ' 
 i do n't want to watch . ' 
 ` then do n't , ' he murmurs in my ear . 
 i feel his hand slide up my thigh . 
 ` blake , ' i protest . 
 ` everything is allowed here . 
 you did n't really think i came to see that performance , did you ? ' 
 ` what did you come for ? ' 
 i ask breathily . ' 
 i came here to f ** k in public . ' 
 i draw in a mortified breath . 
 ` what ? ' 
 i feel his fingers moving up my thighs , parting them and entering me . 
 ` no , ' i say , shaking my head , but the alcohol i have consumed at dinner is singing in my blood , and the blood is pounding in my veins . 
 a crackle of magical static is throbbing wetly between my legs . 
 ` nobody can see us . 
 and , ' he adds persuasively , ` even if they can we will never see them again . 
 so what do you care what they think ? 
 the truth is i do n't . 
 i look around me , and indeed nobody is looking at us . 
 it even seems as if there are other couples in various stages of the act . 
 ` take off your panties . ' 
 i slip my fingers into my new stretchy white dress , hook them into my lacy bits and pull them down . 
 bending slightly i take them off and put them into his waiting hand . 
 he pockets them . 
 turning slightly he faces me and opens my thighs . 
 my body is lust drenched and impatient for some hot action , but that is so direct i gasp and look around nervously . 
 ` i 'm not sure this is such a good idea . ' 
 he ignores my comment and , lifting me up , puts me on his lap so my body is facing him , my thighs spread , my sex touching his erection . 
 his hands pull my dress until it is bunched around my hips . 
 ` straight to the point then , ' i rasp . 
 he puts his middle finger into his mouth and-i close my eyes because i know what he is going to do , and i am both embarrassed and excited by it-slowly inserts that saliva lubricated finger between my legs . 
 he smiles arrogantly . 
 his hair glows blue-black in the blue tinted spotlights . 
 tonight he oozes danger and power ... and something bad . 
 i like it . 
 ` you want me to do what ? ' 
 he chuckles . 
 even that sound seems illicit and dancing with power tonight . 
 ` show me that this is a mutual appreciation society . ' 
 i unbutton the top button of his jeans and slide the zip down , to see the tip of his erection poking out of his underwear . 
 ` oh , you animal , you , ' i tease . 
 my thighs twitch as i release his shaft . 
 it bounces out and i stop with a gasp . 
 my eyes run into his , shocked , questioning . 
 ` you 're ... different , ' i say . 
 he laughs . 
 ` what have you done ? ' 
 ` an old woman came by while you were out shopping and expertly stung me with two bees . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` you heard . ' 
 ` when you say old , how old was she ? ' 
 ` at least ninety-seven and she was only about four feet tall . ' 
 i laugh breathlessly . 
 ` did it hurt ? ' 
 ` like two mosquito bites . ' 
 i drop my scandalized eyes down to his exposed cock . 
 it seems massively swollen , brutally aggressive , and ... well , thrilling . 
 ` do you like it ? ' 
 he purrs . ' 
 i do n't know , yet . 
 i kind of liked it before too . ' 
 his eyes glint . 
 ` try it and then complain . ' 
 right , when in rome ... ` that can be arranged , ' i say huskily . 
 holding the swollen shaft by the base i lower myself onto it and slide down its hard length slowly , conscious of the unfamiliar feeling of being so incredibly stretched and filled . 
 i get halfway and have to take a deep breath . 
 ` you are soooo much bigger and thicker , ' i whisper in his ear . 
 ` it 's creepy how obsessed i am with you , ' he rumbles from deep within his chest , and taking my chin in his fingers pulls my lips to his . 
 i gasp into his mouth , and fight for his tongue , bring it into my mouth , and suck it . 
 every nerve in my body feels alive , with his tongue in my mouth and my sex unbearably stretched . 
 the kiss deepens . 
 breathlessly , i feel my dazzled body being slowly pushed down the thick shaft . 
 he takes his mouth away from me and says something but i do n't hear . 
 i am all sensation . 
 the music , the smoky air , the sounds of other people having sex . 
 he takes my ni ** les in his fingers and tugs them , but so gently , they ache for a good sucking in his mouth . 
 all the while he is shoving his c ** k deeper and deeper into me . 
 i moan helplessly as i squirm downwards . 
 the breeze from an air con vent blows chilled air over our heads . 
 smoke curls around us like ghostly snakes or dragons . 
 anyone can see us and what we are up to but i do n't care . 
 my tiny , entirely complete world of him , me and his bee-stung c ** k is rudely interrupted when i feel a hand on my shoulder . 
 the touch is light but utterly alien and unwelcome . 
 my hands grip blake 's shoulders as my head swivels back with the same creeped out horror as having a spider fall on my bare skin . 
 a woman is standing next to me . 
 like most of the other local girls in that club , she has straight , long black hair and is scantily clad in a bikini bra and shiny black shorts . 
 under the spotlights her skin glows smooth and moon pale . 
 ` can i join you ? ' 
 she asks . 
 her accent is americanized . 
 she is touching me and asking me , but she is looking at blake . 
 my mind goes blank except for the weird thought that billie would probably like her small-boned girl-body . 
 me ? 
 i look at the bulletproof lipstick , almond eyes , and the totally impenetrable expression and i think-poison ! 
 the shock and embarrassment of being caught sitting on a dick wears off dead quick and my mating response takes over , and it is so instinctive , so animalistic , and so loaded with the threat of actual violence that it shocks another detached , watching part of myself . 
 no , i f ** king would n't like you to join in . 
 i actually want to hiss at her . 
 if i had fangs i would have bared them at her . 
 the air crackles with my sudden animosity . 
 blake 's voice cuts into my simmering rage . 
 ` no . 
 you ca n't , ' he tells her , his voice edged not with the fury i am experiencing , but simply with impatience at being interrupted . 
 she slinks away wordlessly and i watch her go , still in a jealous fury . ' 
 i do n't want to share you with her or anyone , ' he whispers in my ear , and i am suddenly euphoric because damn , if i did n't loathe even more the thought that he might have wanted her to join in . 
 i turn back to look into his eyes . 
 his gaze locks with mine , mesmeric , dizzying , sweetening the poisoned air . 
 making a protective cage around us . 
 he is looking at me so hungrily , it is as if i am food or prey . 
 i latch onto the hunger eagerly . 
 this is my mate . 
 and only mine . 
 ` baby , ' he growls . 
 his voice is so full of hot lust , its vibration sizzles through me , intoxicating me . 
 i exhale , almost a moan . 
 he gets harder and bigger inside . 
 i grip him with my thighs . 
 looking deep into my eyes he grabs my bare ass with his powerful hands , ramming me all the way down that pillar of meat . 
 ` it 's all for you , ' he says with a dark laugh . 
 ` fuck , yeah , ' i cry hoarsely . 
 and i feel myself flush with the feeling , the indignity of total possession . 
 he begins to slowly move my body up and down the shaft . 
 the first few strokes are shallow , then it is to the hilt and my breath gets knocked out of my body . 
 my flesh shivers as my muscles clench tighter . 
 ` you wo n't believe how hot and tight you feel , ' he whispers , his hand sliding down my belly , and between my legs to play with my clit . 
 that makes me swoon . 
 surely i am not going to come so quickly . 
 my body arches like a bow . 
 i grasp his arms-the muscles are bulging with the effort of holding my body and moving it up and down his shaft . 
 i lock my jaw as my chin lifts up , to stop from screaming . 
 and then it comes , a liquid explosion inside me . 
 it is powerful and totally different from any other orgasm i have experienced . 
 it is dark and thick and flavored with something forbidden . 
 on and on until my energy is spent . 
 my dazed eyes return to his eye level . 
 his are smoldering darkly with fresh intent . 
 his c ** k jerks within me as he lifts my body and drops it hard and fast on his shaft . 
 my mouth opens involuntarily . 
 my sated flesh purrs and comes alive again . 
 i balance myself on his shoulder and rise to my knees . 
 my limbs slick with sweat , i f ** k him as hard and as fast as i can . 
 the wet heat and friction are delicious . 
 he comes snarling my name , his seed shooting into my body , mixing with my fluids in a long , hot release . 
 his breath is rough and ragged . 
 i put my hand on his chest and feel his heartbeat , swift and loud . 
 an african drum in thailand . ' 
 i want to go home and finish this , ' he says . 
 my eyebrows fly upwards . 
 ` after that . ' 
 he grins . 
 feral . ' 
 i want to take your bra off and suck your br ** sts , deep pulls that will leave you squirming and delirious . ' 
 not taking my eyes off his , i uncouple from his cock , making a most unladylike sucking sound . 
 he pulls my dress over my dripping sex . 
 cum is still trickling out of me as we leave the nightclub . 
 twelve victoria jane montgomery that night i wait until it is late . 
 i lie in my bed and watch the low-lying mist shroud the vast expanse of green outside this dreadful mad house until the phones by the nurses ' station have stopped ringing . 
 until there is no more noise other than the odd screaming that will suddenly pierce the night . 
 until the lone night nurse thinks everybody is asleep and she is busy watching p ** n on the internet . 
 then i get under the covers and shine the little torch my mother brought me on my musical box . 
 it is an old antique . 
 a ballerina in a lilac tutu . 
 the tutu is almost gray now . 
 i touch the delicately painted porcelain face . 
 it belonged to my great grandmother and came directly from her to me . 
 it did not pass my grandmother or mother so they do not know about the secret compartment it conceals at the bottom of the figurine . 
 carefully , i depress the lever that opens it . 
 so many years since i opened it . 
 it is a little sticky and i pull it , but that just jams the drawer . 
 i come out of the covers and look for something to pull it open with . 
 a knife or anything sharp , but there is nothing sharp in the room or the bathroom . 
 in frustration i bang the ballerina with the side of my fist . 
 it still will not open . 
 for some reason this infuriates me to unreasonable anger . 
 i guess that is what road rage is . 
 someone cuts you up and you react as if someone has raped your daughter . 
 i throw the musical box against the wall . 
 the sound of it shattering is almost a profanity . 
 for a moment i do n't move . 
 i listen . 
 no one comes . 
 i walk toward the box . 
 the drawer is open . 
 i reach into it and take out the small , folded document inside . 
 i open it out and look at it in the light of the torch . 
 for a moment i remember , tangled with him , bonded skin to skin , sharing breath . 
 the way blake had felt deep inside me . 
 then i remember-that was not him . 
 that was some other random man that crawled into my life at three a.m. forget that . 
 this , this tiny piece of paper in my hand is my ticket out of here . 
 blake law barrington , you 're about to get the shock of your life . 
 you should n't have double-crossed me . 
 thirteen lana barrington it is during the end of the second act , when the prince sings to turandot , ` you do not know my name . 
 tell me my name before sunrise , and at dawn , i will die . ' 
 i turn away from the stage and look at blake . 
 his phone must have vibrated in his pocket , because he is checking the lighted screen . 
 he smiles at me and leaves the box to take the call . 
 it could have been anyone , calling about any number of urgent matters , but it is as if my heart already knows : the unthinkable has happened . 
 for a moment i do nothing , simply sit terrified where i am , and listen to the cruel turandot accept the prince 's challenge . 
 by dawn he will be dead . 
 then i stand and follow blake out . 
 as i open the door i see him terminating his call . 
 his body is stiff and tense . 
 when he looks up at me he looks ashen . 
 i see his hands tremble as he puts his phone away . 
 i stare at him aghast . 
 i was right . 
 the unthinkable has happened . 
 ` what 's happened ? 
 what is it ? ' 
 my voice sounds hollow and scared . 
 he starts walking toward me . 
 ` i 've called tom to pick us up . 
 we have to go home now . ' 
 fear . 
 fear . 
 fear like i have never known coils around me , crushing me so hard , i can hardly take my next breath . 
 i know what he is going to say . 
 i know exactly what he is going to say . 
 i realize i do n't want him to say the words . 
 my head is shaking . 
 ` no , no , ' i whisper , and start backing away from him . 
 the second act is over , and all around us people in their finery are streaming out of their boxes , heading toward the restrooms and the bars . 
 i take another backward step and collide with a man in a black suit . 
 he steadies me with his hands . 
 he has dirty blond eyebrows and concerned , muddy brown eyes . 
 ` are you all right ? ' 
 he asks . 
 i gaze stupidly at him with my mouth hanging open . 
 before my confused , frightened brain can even formulate a reply , blake appears at my side and takes my arm . 
 the other man drops his hands . 
 he smiles oddly at me and with a nod to blake leads the woman with him away . 
 my mind reels and incongruously notes that her velvet dress has a tiny stain on the right sleeve . 
 and yet she seems happy . 
 she does n't have bad news waiting for her at home . 
 suddenly i feel nauseated . 
 my fingers shake as they rush to cover my mouth . 
 ` we have to get home , ' blake mutters . 
 he leads me through the throng of people . 
 the bar is crowded and the foyer seems suddenly very noisy . 
 we get outside . 
 i take a gulp of cool evening air and shiver . 
 my shoulder curls up around my ears and my ribcage tightens to avoid breathing in the cold air . 
 ` you 're cold , ' blake says . ' 
 i left my wrap in the box , ' i reply in a daze . 
 as if it matters . 
 he takes off his jacket and wraps it around my shoulders . 
 i snuggle into the living warmth of his body heat and put off for another second hearing what he has to say to me . 
 ` sorab 's missing . 
 looks like he 's been taken . ' 
 i nod . 
 as if he had said to me , ` let 's have a drink before dinner . ' 
 fighting a sense of disbelief , i clutch his jacket lapels close together and glance away from him . 
 there 's a beggar sitting on the theater steps . 
 he has a mangy dog . 
 it looks mournfully at me . 
 poor thing . 
 living on the streets , eating scraps . 
 someone 's taken my baby . 
 i turn back to blake . 
 ` how ? ' 
 my voice is surprisingly flat . 
 almost uninterested . 
 i am conscious that my reaction is strange , to say the least . 
 perhaps i am in shock . 
 ` that 's what i intend to find out . 
 brian thinks it 's ben . ' 
 ` ben ? ' 
 i repeat . 
 my hands drop to my sides . 
 blake nods . 
 ` he 's gone awol . ' 
 ` he 's one of the new guys , is n't he ? ' 
 ` yes . ' 
 i force the words out of my throat . 
 ` one of the men you hired because i asked you to , ' i whisper . 
 my teeth have started chattering . 
 he pulls his jacket tightly around me and holds me close to his body . 
 i register the heat instantly . 
 he radiates it like a hot water bottle . 
 ` stop it . 
 it 's not your fault , ' he says into my hair . 
 ` come . 
 tom 's here . 
 we have to go . ' 
 i turn in the direction he is looking in and see tom stop the car . 
 tom does n't smile . 
 he looks pale . 
 blake opens the door and i enter and sit down huddled inside his jacket . 
 i ca n't feel anything , but a numbing cold . 
 i clasp my fingers together in my lap to stop them from shaking . 
 nothing feels real . 
 i try to remember ben . 
 dark hair , generally unsmiling with caramel eyes , suspicious caramel eyes . 
 but that means nothing . 
 they are all like that . 
 ` is it possible that ben might have taken sorab for a ride in his car ... and just not told anyone ? ' 
 even as i say it i know it could never have transpired like that . 
 blake shakes his head slowly and squeezes my icy hands . 
 his thigh is close but not touching mine . 
 i shift so it is touching me and that thin stretch of contact comforts me . 
 i stare silently out of the window , not seeing a thing , and listen to him making phone calls . 
 ` get the word out . 
 i want to know who has my son . ' 
 i place my palm on the cold glass pane . 
 i 'm so numb . 
 some of the one-sided conversation slips through the cold fog i am in : something about seizing ben 's phone records . 
 somebody has been to his place . 
 looking for clues . 
 the phones are already tapped . 
 a police inspector has been discreetly and unofficially contacted . 
 feelers are already out in the street . 
 the disjointed thought in my numb brain : how fast these men move . 
 as if they were expecting such a scenario . 
 an ambulance , its siren turned off , but its lights flashing , passes us on its way to another tragedy . 
 i think of sorab 's little face and a shudder goes through me . 
 where is he ? 
 he is not familiar with ben . 
 he will be so frightened . 
 he will have to go to sleep without his favorite toy . 
 he has never been to bed without clutching sleepy teddy . 
 i think of him blinking up at me from my lap . 
 the image is oddly painful . 
 and then a clear thought , so comforting : they will not hurt him . 
 they just want money . 
 blake will give them whatever they ask . 
 i know blake has ties with the underworld and the mafia . 
 obviously , we will get our son back . 
 some part of me knows , of course , that i am probably deceiving myself , but at that moment that baseless belief comforts me tremendously . 
 i lie back and close my eyes and do n't allow myself to think further than that . 
 i just listen to the blood pounding steadily in my ears and concentrate on the feel of blake 's thigh pressed into mine . 
 when i get home the nightmare becomes real . 
 the dining room looks like a war office with listening equipment and gadgets i can not recognize , and geraldine looks at me with huge , frightened eyes . 
 ` i 'm so sorry , lana . 
 i was only in the toilet for a minute , ' she says in a trembling voice . 
 fourteen blake law barrington brian walks into the room and lowers himself into a chair and sits forward . 
 he is sporting bronze stubble and looks uneasy . 
 my senses flash a warning and adrenalin starts frothing into my veins . 
 his eyes , always deliberately expressionless anyway , are flat and dead . 
 i 've known him a long time . 
 ` you 're not going to like this , ' he says . 
 a man like him is not prone to exaggeration . 
 in fact , he is like a black hole sucking in all kinds of information and observations and never giving anything back . 
 at his words a strange coldness invades my body . 
 it is already so tense that it feels as if every nerve is screaming , but i force myself not to react . 
 ` we picked up the pings that came off the unidentified mobile phones that ben was in contact with . 
 we ran through every number on them for the last six months . 
 one of the numbers was registered to a woman called angel levene . 
 she works in the mental asylum victoria is committed in . 
 but here 's the real kicker . 
 the one time it was used to call ben 's number , the tower that served it was located close to the mental asylum . ' 
 a chill goes through my body . 
 i gape . 
 ` victoria ? ' 
 brian does n't say anything . 
 a corner of his eye twitches . 
 i never noticed that nervous tic in his cheek . 
 i drop my eyes to the papers on my table and see a blur of white . 
 you 're not going to like this . 
 it has scared the shit out of me . 
 i 'm f ** king terrified . 
 fruitcake victoria 's got my son ? 
 the implications are beyond anything i could have imagined . 
 for a long time after brian leaves i do nothing . 
 simply stare out of the window . 
 shocked by how blissfully unaware i had been of the impending storm . 
 once , i would never have been caught so unprepared . 
 i have changed . 
 i 've become soft . 
 then i get up and go to look for her . 
 she is in the south facing reception room . 
 she spends most of her time there now . 
 the rest of the house seems so full of cold-eyed men . 
 i can hear strains of puccini 's nessun dorma as i get closer . 
 it makes my hair stand on end . 
 nobody shall sleep ! 
 nobody shall sleep ! 
 even you . 
 o princess . 
 i stand at the door and watch her , how still she is . 
 when i move into the room , she catches the movement and starts rising to meet me , but she is seemingly so dazed she has to test the sole of her shoe on the floor before she puts her weigh on that foot . 
 we stand a few feet away from each other . 
 i 'll never be able to listen to turandot again without having this feeling that i am a falling glass , about to hit the tiles . 
 about to shatter into a thousand pieces . 
 fifteen lana barrington he stands at the door of the living room . 
 he knows something . 
 and it 's not good . 
 i stand and look at him expectantly . 
 ` victoria 's got him . ' 
 time stops . 
 i freeze . 
 he freezes . 
 then i am flying across the room to him-he catches me and holds me so tightly against his chest my feet lift off the ground . 
 i begin to sob into his neck . 
 ` do n't , my darling . 
 do n't cry , do n't , ' he whispers again and again , but i can not stop . 
 i want to blame someone , but there is no one to blame . 
 he gathers a fistful of my hair and pulls my face away from his neck and kisses me . 
 his kiss is odd . 
 it is as if with that kiss he wants to suck away my pain . 
 there is no erection against my stomach . 
 even in my sorrow , i hate that . 
 it feels wrong . 
 everything is wrong . 
 i let the strange passionless kiss go on and on and then i break away and stare at him breathlessly . 
 ` but you said she is locked away in an asylum ? ' 
 ` she is . ' 
 i frown . 
 ` then how can she ... ? 
 i do n't understand . ' 
 ` victoria is more resourceful than i gave her credit for . ' 
 so there is someone i can blame . 
 i can blame him . 
 he is at fault . 
 it is his fault that my baby is gone . 
 at that moment i feel his separateness from me . 
 my face twists at my own crazy thoughts . 
 i pull myself back from that cliff edge . 
 but even that one second of doubt and blame that i indulge in breaks something precious . 
 i break ` us ' . 
 i see his face change and a look of such hurt and pain come into his eyes that i am immediately filled with regret . 
 he has given me so much and asked for so little in return . 
 my hands rush up to his neck and wrap themselves tightly around it . 
 ` i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm sorry , darling . 
 i did not mean it . 
 i love you . 
 you 're the last person i want to hurt . 
 i 'm just so scared i do n't know what i 'm saying . ' 
 ` but you are right . 
 it is my fault . 
 you entrusted me with his safety . 
 i have failed . 
 i have let both of you down . ' 
 his voice is scarily quiet . 
 in all the time i have known him i have never heard it so . 
 it feels as if he has walked away from me , for good . 
 i pull back and stare at him . 
 could it be that what we had was nothing ? 
 that with one moment of mistrust he could walk away . 
 that our great love can not survive this tragedy . 
 he turns away from me , and my betrayal of him during his time of greatest need . 
 i try to pull him back to me , but he is already striding away . 
 i watch the door shut behind him with horror . 
 for some time i wait . 
 his footsteps become fainter . 
 i listen intently . 
 maybe he will realize and come back . 
 of course he will come . 
 a whole minute passes . 
 he 's not coming back . 
 when i hear his car start outside , i sink to the floor and , holding onto my belly with both hands , sob-ugly wrenching wails that come from a place i did not know existed . 
 i did not feel this depth of loss even when i walked away from blake , pregnant and lost , and left for iran . 
 it seems as if all this while i was playing at motherhood . 
 i have known nothing , but the fun stuff . 
 but this-this hurts so f ** king bad . 
 ` oh god . 
 oh god . 
 please do n't take my son away from me . 
 please . 
 he 's just a baby . 
 take me . ' 
 suddenly , i stop blubbering . 
 there it is . 
 the truth that was staring me in the face the whole time . 
 it is not blake 's fault . 
 it is mine . 
 i came back to blake . 
 i dared her wrath . 
 i was the one who was so naive and stupid i did not think further than my passion . 
 both billie and jack warned me and i did not listen . 
 it 's not blake that is to blame . 
 it is me . 
 i stole another woman 's man . 
 i took her money , and arrogantly , stupidly thought nothing would come of it . 
 that there would be no consequences . 
 no debt collectors would come a calling . 
 i bite my fist . 
 then i find my mind clearing . 
 there is nothing to cloud it . 
 i have lost my son and i have lost blake . 
 there is not even an erection between us left . 
 without lust , i see my path clearly . 
 it is as if it is lit by a thousand lanterns . 
 my mother stands at the end of it . 
 it is not sorab that victoria wants . 
 it is me . 
 all i have to do is give blake up . 
 that 's all . 
 a sob chokes me . 
 i am surprised by it . 
 by the selfish instinct that prompted it . 
 i stand . 
 i know exactly what must be done . 
 blake in exchange for my son . 
 another traitorous sob rises up my throat . 
 i swallow it down . 
 silent tears begin to run down my face . 
 it is only my body making its stand . 
 i 'm not about to listen to it . 
 i stand up and go to my bedroom . 
 i open my jewelry box . 
 i lift the first tray . 
 throw it to the ground . 
 the second tray follows quickly . 
 i take a cleansing breath . 
 a breath of love . 
 there it is . 
 her card . 
 all this time i saved it . 
 why ? 
 because some cautious part of me knew this day was coming . 
 i take it out and look at it . 
 the truth is i do n't need to look at it . 
 every single letter and number on it is indelibly imprinted into my memory bank . 
 i go to the bedside and the phone . 
 i sniff once . 
 just to make sure that my voice when it comes out will be strong and sure . 
 then i clear my throat and cough . 
 i pick up the phone and a voice full of pain and sorrow says from behind me , ` do n't call her , my darling . ' 
 i turn toward the voice . 
 my mouth parts in a soundless cry . 
 my nose is so blocked from crying i ca n't breathe through it anymore . 
 i gaze at him sadly . 
 the truth is he is my life , and fresh tears start pouring from my eyes . 
 ` for sorab , ' i sob . 
 ` not even for sorab . ' 
 ` why ? ' 
 ` because i will not give you up for anything . ' 
 ` he is our baby . 
 he is innocent . 
 he is depending on us to protect him , ' i whisper . 
 ` he is my son . 
 i will give up my life for him , but i will not give you up and live with her for him . ' 
 i close my eyes . 
 if only this was all a nightmare that i could wake up from . 
 ` understand this , lana . 
 you are mine . 
 you belong to me . 
 because you are young and you have never had others , you are like a child who has been given a priceless antique . 
 you know not the price so you are willing to do the exchange . 
 i will die before i let you make such an exchange . ' 
 ` for sorab , ' i plead . 
 ` you still do n't understand , do you ? 
 you can go on without me for sorab 's sake , but i can not . 
 without you nothing makes sense . 
 everything is meaningless . ' 
 i stare at him blankly . 
 i know his words carry meaning , important meaning , but they wash over me . 
 i made that boy in my body . 
 god gave him to me to introduce to this world . 
 he deserves my loyalty . 
 until he can fend for himself i am his mother . 
 i will fight his corner to the end . 
 blake walks towards me and stands directly in front of me . ' 
 i know you want me to say otherwise , but i can only tell you what is in my heart . 
 i love sorab , but i love you more . 
 when sorab wants to go to summer camp , i will allow it , then i will watch with pride when he goes off to university and moves out , but you-i will not allow myself to be parted from you for one day . ' ' 
 i do n't want to be parted from you either . ' 
 ` besides there is far , far more at stake than you understand . ' 
 i know instinctively that he is right . 
 i know nothing about these people , their cold and brutal ways . 
 slowly , i replace the receiver on its hook . 
 ` you do n't understand her . 
 maybe i do n't understand her either , but i still want you to trust me that i understand her better than you . 
 i want you to know i would die for my son . 
 there is no greater commitment than that . 
 i will get him back . ' 
 ` if you do n't ? ' 
 ` that is defeatist thinking . 
 do n't defeat me , lana . 
 you are the only one who can . ' 
 i run into his arms . 
 ` just bring my son back to me . ' 
 he pries the card from my hand , not realizing i have memorized its contents . 
 ` promise me only one thing . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` never contact her . 
 she will destroy you and sorab . ' 
 i nod . 
 ` there is something important you must know . 
 while you are safe he is safe . ' 
 i nod again . 
 i am so frightened , i am glad he is taking over . 
 my plan was no plan at all . 
 it was to beg pity from the criminally insane . 
 stupid strategy . 
 he looks at his watch . ' 
 i want you to eat . ' 
 i start shaking my head . 
 ` you have to be strong for sorab . ' 
 i cover my face . ' 
 i ca n't eat . ' 
 he nods . 
 ` then you will watch me eat . ' 
 he puts his hands around my waist and we walk together to the kitchen . 
 he moves toward the refrigerator . 
 and it occurs to me that i know exactly how i can be of use . 
 i can keep him strong . 
 ` i 'll do it , ' i say , and i open the fridge door and rummage around . 
 the chef has left some lamb chops wrapped in cling film . 
 ` would you like me to make you a meal , madam ? ' 
 rita , my housekeeper , asks from the doorway . 
 she has curly hair and wears glasses . 
 usually she spends her nights at her daughter 's house in surrey . 
 she must be staying over because of the situation with sorab . 
 ` thank you , rita , but i can manage . ' 
 ` it 's no problem . ' 
 ` no , i 'd like to keep busy . ' 
 she nods and disappears . 
 i find some broccoli and carrots to go with the chops . 
 there is also mint sauce and some parsnip mash in a covered dish . 
 blake sits on an island stool while i prepare his meal for him . 
 we do not speak . 
 he stares at me while i move around , but i know he is not really watching me . 
 he is laying his plans . 
 once he expels his breath and says , ` ok , ok . ' 
 i say nothing . 
 i know he is not talking to me . 
 quietly , i work . 
 it is therapeutic . 
 when i put his food in front of him , he picks up his knife and fork and eats automatically . 
 there is no enjoyment or sign that he is even tasting the food . 
 once or twice , he frowns . 
 halfway through his meal he stops eating , looks at me , smiles faintly and says , ` sometime ago i had my soul put in a box and delivered to you . ' 
 i sit with my hands clasped on the counter . 
 at the end of it all , he gazes down as if perplexed at his empty plate . 
 ` will you be all right if i leave you alone for a couple of hours ? ' 
 i nod . 
 sixteen i wake up suddenly from a restless sleep full of strange dreams and there is no moment of forgetfulness or mercy . 
 of slowly facing up to the day . 
 the knowledge is instant and burning : my greatest enemy has my son . 
 i close my eyes and wish again for sleep . 
 but sleep does not come . 
 instead i am filled with the terrible pain of knowing she has him . 
 that we wo n't be able to simply buy our way out of this nightmare . 
 whether he lives or dies lies at the whim of a mad , vindictive woman . 
 i open my eyes and stare at the ceiling . 
 stare with bewilderment at my darkness . 
 i am so lost and frustrated i want to scream , but i ca n't . 
 i honestly feel as if i am losing it , going insane . 
 if only i had not gone to the theater . 
 if only i had not asked blake for more protection . 
 if only he had not hired more men . 
 if only i had just trusted brian and let things be . 
 my head starts to ache . 
 blake 's hand is heavy on my stomach . 
 carefully i move out from under the weight . 
 quietly , i fumble around , locate my alarm clock and depress the light button . 
 two a.m. i sit up and press my throbbing temples . 
 god , how i long for just one minute of forgetfulness from this insistent guilt and pain . 
 silently , i leave the bed and go toward sorab 's room . 
 for a long while i simply stand at the entrance looking at the empty cot . 
 my heart is very loud in my chest . 
 ever since sorab was taken i have n't dared go into the nursery . 
 i am almost afraid of it . 
 i press my lips together and cast my eyes along the painted walls of fluffy clouds and stars . 
 my gaze grazes his toys . 
 the sight of them hurts my eyes . 
 i cover my mouth with my hand and move my eyes away quickly to the rack of cds . 
 there with all his nursery rhymes is mozart . 
 i bought mozart for him because i read somewhere that listening to mozart makes an infant more intelligent . 
 the stupid things i concentrated on . 
 a sob rises in my throat . 
 be brave , be brave , i tell myself , and close my eyes . 
 but immediately memories start crowding into my head . 
 i see it again as clear as day-sitting at the table with billie in our little kitchen . 
 that time when i had gone to the bank to get a loan and blake had been waiting for me . 
 i remember that wooden table . 
 she warned me . 
 but i did n't listen . 
 i was so in love , so crazy for any crumbs from blake 's table that i was blind to the danger . 
 i traced the scratches on the table and naively told billie nothing bad was going to happen . 
 that even though i had taken the woman 's money and her man she would not retaliate . 
 of course she was not going to go quietly . 
 i 've been so silly , so stupid . 
 so unbelievably naive . 
 i shake my head to dislodge the guilt , and dig deeper into myself . 
 courage , lana , courage . 
 i am determined to be brave . 
 so i made mistakes . 
 i will confront my demons . 
 i will get my son back . 
 come back . 
 come back to me . 
 i do n't care what i have to sacrifice to get you back . 
 an ugly , unwanted thought intrudes . 
 what if it is blake ? 
 what if it is blake that you have to give up ? 
 are you prepared for that ? 
 i walk up to the cot , shivering with the endless chill in my bones , and sleepy teddy 's glassy eyes watch me . 
 in the darkness he seems sinister . 
 it is my imagination . 
 obviously , he is not sinister . 
 sorab loves him . 
 i pick the toy up and cuddle it , and suddenly , i am enveloped by the smell of my son . 
 it is so strong it is as if he is in my arms . 
 a sharp pain pierces my chest and i almost cry out then . 
 the pain is so great i drop sleepy teddy , and , turning around , blindly run from sorab 's nursery . 
 my feet are soundless on the carpet . 
 my throat stings with unshed tears . 
 i want to scream and howl . 
 it will be some kind of a release , but how can i ? 
 at this time of the night ? 
 i wish i could drive out to some lonely location and scream and scream and scream . 
 but the moment i leave the front door , brian or one of the men will start trailing me . 
 i pause at the entrance to our bedroom and stand gazing at blake . 
 he looks very pale sleeping among shadows . 
 i feel as if i have lost everything . 
 i am so incredibly scared . 
 i need to hear him call out my name in that snarling voice again . 
 without thinking i drift , like a flower crowned ophelia , toward him , toward the warmth of his body . 
 at the edge of the bed i look down on him , my eyes exploring the tousled hair , relaxed muscles , the smooth and gleaming skin . 
 he is so incredibly sexy . 
 but i 'm not wet with desire . 
 i want to be wet with desire again . 
 carefully , i lift the duvet and crawl onto the bed next to the magnificent body . 
 his scent is sun ripened and heady . 
 i take his soft penis into my mouth . 
 slowly , gently , i suck it . 
 he tastes delicious . 
 the juices begin to gather between my legs . 
 he moans in his sleep , his throat moves , and i increase the pressure of my mouth . 
 the shaft grows thicker and bigger . 
 blake 's hands come up to hold my shoulders . 
 i do n't look up . 
 i just keep on sucking . 
 his hands grip harder . 
 suddenly they are under my armpits , and pulling me up , and over his body . 
 ` let me finish , ' i say , but already i am straddling his hips . 
 i move my body encouragingly , and my sex , wet and willing , rubs against the short silky hairs on his thighs . 
 he lifts me up silently and holds my body over the head of his cock . 
 i hold onto the shaft and position it over the core of my heat . 
 slowly , my sex is stretched and fitted around that aroused throbbing shaft . 
 he spreads my thighs even farther and flattens them against his hips . 
 the action makes my clit touch bone . 
 he grinds that bone against me . 
 then tension transfers to my belly , my thighs , my sex . 
 my nerves overload , and soon i am lost in a red mist of forgetfulness . 
 it explodes in my brain . 
 he holds me by the waist and rolls me under him . 
 i close my eyes and let my body be a vessel for his satisfaction . 
 for a while i am simply a body , a body that is being f ** ked by another body . 
 i am nothing but a biological reaction . 
 when i feel the first drop of water on my cheek , i think it is blake 's sweat , but when the next drop splashes onto my forehead , i know . 
 they are tears . 
 and then it is impossible for me to even be a biological reaction . 
 he feels the change in me , and stops moving . 
 ` i 'm sorry , ' he whispers . 
 the words are strange in his mouth . 
 i grab his wet face in my hands . 
 ` it 's ok . 
 we 're not supposed to enjoy ourselves while he is not here . ' 
 ` trust me . 
 i 'll get him back , ' he says . 
 his words are like spells in the night . 
 i nod quickly , my eyes filling up with tears again . 
 he runs one finger in my hair . 
 the action is unusual . 
 affectionate . 
 we lost our passion . 
 we have become pitiful creatures . 
 i look at him sadly . 
 maybe we have lost too much to recover . 
 now i understand why so many couples who lose a child break up . 
 because you just ca n't help it-the natural instinct is to turn on each other and tear each other to pieces , so that there is nothing living left to remind you of your terrible , terrible loss . ' 
 i will find him . 
 if it is the last thing i do , ' he promises . ' 
 i know . 
 i know you will . ' 
 and at that moment i do n't think of any other possibility . 
 i do n't think i might need to sacrifice him for my son . 
 because i can not think it . 
 billie is in my head . 
 ` if blake and sorab were drowning , and you could only save one person , who would you save ? ' 
 ` i 'm not answering that . 
 you 're a wicked witch , billie . ' 
 and she grinned evilly . 
 but now the choice is upon me . 
 i want to , i want to with all my heart choose blake , but i ca n't . 
 i just ca n't . 
 the great mistake i made was when i thought of my own pleasure before i thought of sorab 's well-being . 
 i 've learned my lesson . 
 this time i wo n't think of myself . 
 i 'll do what i have always done . 
 put the ones i truly love before me . 
 blake law barrington she makes a dreadful sound , like the last rattle in the throat of a dying animal . 
 i turn around and wrap my arms around her tightly , and feel her open mouth press into my breast bone . 
 her fevered breath and the odd sounds seep into my skin and chill my heart . 
 how effectively victoria has wounded us . ' 
 i will get him back . 
 no matter what the price , ' i repeat loudly . 
 in the darkness my voice mocks me with its blustery hollowness . ' 
 i know that , ' she says sadly . 
 we lie awake for hours after that . 
 not speaking . 
 simply holding each other . 
 at four thirty a.m. i switch off the alarm clock and get up . 
 by five a.m. i am out of the house and itching for any kind of news of my son 's whereabouts . 
 seventeen lana barrington i call billie at eight in the morning . 
 i do n't know why i do . 
 billie always sleeps late . 
 i guess i just want to hear her voice . 
 she sounds sleepy . 
 i know i 've woken her up . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 she says into the phone . 
 she tries to disguise it , but there is an undercurrent of panic in her voice . 
 she is expecting bad news . 
 the thought that she is expecting bad news makes me feel frightened . 
 the tears that are at the backs of my eyes surge forth . 
 ` nothing has happened . 
 i just wanted to ask you something . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` if sorab and i were drowning , whom would you choose ? ' ' 
 i would n't . 
 i 'd let us all drown . ' 
 i stare blankly at the wall . 
 maybe that is the right answer . 
 why should i choose between my husband and my son ? 
 let us all perish if need be . 
 ` do you want me to come over ? ' 
 ` yes , ' i sob , and put the phone down . 
 i am a mess . 
 i am a terrible mess . 
 i want my son back . 
 the phone rings almost immediately after i terminate billie 's call . 
 i look at it with surprise , my sobs dying in my throat . 
 it is an unknown number . 
 i only hesitate for a second . 
 i do n't know how i know but i know instantly that it is her . 
 she is calling me . 
 my thumb hits the answer button . 
 ` hello . ' 
 ` will you come and see me ? ' 
 ` of course . ' 
 ` bring my money with you . ' 
 ` when ? ' 
 ` when you 've got the money obviously . ' 
 there is a thread of amusement in her voice . 
 the line goes dead . 
 i do n't hang about . 
 i call the bank manager immediately . ' 
 i need it straight away , ' i tell him . 
 he tries to do what he does with anyone that wants a super large cash withdrawal . 
 he starts making excuses as to why i ca n't have it in the next hour . 
 he picked the wrong woman . 
 coldly , in the same voice that blake 's mother uses when she wants to decimate someone , i reduce him to what he really is . 
 an idiot puppet implementing policies that he knows are wrong and immoral . 
 ` listen , you spineless creep , it 's my damn money and i 'll damn well withdraw it when i like , or i 'll terminate the entire account from your pathetic little bank . 
 you 've got twenty f ** king minutes ! ' 
 i call billie and tell her not to come over . 
 ` why ? ' 
 she demands . 
 ` victoria called me . 
 i 'm going to see her . ' 
 there is a shocked silence . 
 ` does blake know ? ' 
 ` no , and i 'm not telling him . 
 not yet , anyway . 
 this is between her and me . 
 she 's asked me to give her back her money . 
 and i 'm doing just that . ' 
 ` are you f ** king out of your mind ? 
 that crazy bitch is probably trying to make you pay for the cost of hiring the kidnappers or something . ' 
 ` maybe , ' i concede . 
 ` but victoria does n't need money from me to pay off the kidnappers . 
 she wants me there for a different reason . ' 
 ` yeah . 
 to gloat . ' 
 ` so let her have her satisfaction . ' 
 ` do n't go , lana . 
 you 'll only make it worse . ' ' 
 i do n't want to argue with you , billie . 
 i need to see her face to face . 
 if she wants me to beg , i will . 
 i just want my son back . ' 
 ` you 're not getting your son back by begging . ' 
 ` give up , billie . 
 i 'm going and no one is stopping me . ' 
 unhappily , billie rings off . 
 i put the phone down utterly steady in my resolve . 
 you see , i may be naive , one can even call me stupid , but what no one knows is that i am willing to give up my life for my son . 
 in a second . 
 so she wants to gloat ? 
 let her gloat . 
 whatever makes her happy . 
 and all the while i ca n't help thinking that maybe , just maybe , i will find that chink in her armor . 
 and even if i do n't , maybe i can glean some clue as to sorab 's well-being , or his whereabouts . 
 i do n't bother to hide or be sneaky with brian . 
 i tell him my decision and ask him to take me to the bank to pick up the money . 
 he looks at me with a swift appraising glance before making a half-hearted attempt to dissuade me . 
 maybe he is a better judge of character than i have given him credit for , and knows that it would be a pointless exercise . 
 ` you 're playing right into her hands . 
 she 's going to use this money to pay the kidnappers off . ' 
 i notice that he came to the same conclusion as billie . 
 only he omitted the word probably . 
 i look him in the eyes . ' 
 i know that , but do you really think she has no other means to get her hands on the cash ? ' 
 he says nothing , but it is abundantly clear that he does not agree with my decision . 
 ` so she wants to savor the irony of it all , or even my fall . 
 let her . 
 it seems i owe her that . ' 
 ` we should tell blake . ' 
 i glare at him . 
 ` if you tell blake , consider this the last time you will ever see me . ' 
 his eyes flash . 
 it is wrong of me , i know . 
 he has done nothing wrong to me , but i do n't have a choice . 
 he does n't love my son . 
 i do . 
 with all my heart . 
 yes , brian is loyal , very loyal , but he does n't understand . 
 he drives me to her in silence . 
 in the car blake calls . 
 ` where are you ? ' 
 he asks . 
 ` i 'm at home , of course , ' i say . 
 the lie drips off my tongue . 
 brian does n't bat an eyelid . 
 just stares ahead and carries on driving . 
 ` are you sure you are all right ? ' 
 blake insists . 
 ` yes . 
 yes , i am . 
 i 'll see you tonight . ' ' 
 i love you , lana . ' ' 
 i love you too , ' i say softly , and cut the call . 
 i turn toward brian . 
 ` thank you . ' 
 my voice is full of gratitude . 
 he nods . 
 he has made his alliance . 
 he had no real choice , but ultimately , he knew he would not have survived any betrayal of me . 
 nothing can be more ferocious than a mother protecting her young . 
 today , he has become a friend of mine . 
 i will defend him to my dying day . 
 the building is grand and imposing the way that an austere , granite sarcophagus standing on a high plinth can be , until you remember the pathetic scattering of bones languishing at the bottom of it . 
 i walk into the building quickly , the brown envelope from the bank at the bottom of my bag . 
 it is brightly lit and cool inside . 
 it is not visiting time , but at reception they are expecting me . 
 they seem eager to please . 
 they refer to her respectfully as lady victoria . 
 it is not like a mental hospital . 
 it is like her personal office . 
 a smiling nurse takes me to a waiting room . 
 this must be the room they will bring blake to when she summons him . 
 i try to imagine which chair he will sit in . 
 i pick the one farthest from the door . 
 i sit and stare at the magazines on the table blankly . 
 i do n't know how long passes , but it seems a long time . 
 eventually the door opens and she enters with a nurse . 
 ` ring the bell when you are finished , ' the nurse says to me with a smile . 
 i rise to my feet . 
 victoria has come to meet me in her hospital issued pajamas and a voluminous dressing gown . 
 i consider that a threat . 
 i get it . 
 you only dress for those you want to impress . 
 i too have not bothered to dress , but for the opposite reason . 
 to show her that i am subservient to her . 
 to allow her the opportunity to see how low she has brought me . 
 she takes the sofa opposite to mine and coolly folds herself onto it . 
 i sit down , and taking the envelope out of my bag , push it across the coffee table toward her . 
 she covers it with her hand and pockets it in her dressing gown . 
 her nails are cut to the quick . 
 it must be hospital regulation . 
 ` my , is n't this strange ? ' 
 she says , looking at me without any sign of hostility . 
 ` yes , this is very strange . ' 
 ` you look terrible , ' she notes . ' 
 i feel terrible . ' 
 ` you should . 
 you are a thief . ' 
 i bite my lip . 
 ` how is he ? ' 
 ` he 's a bit of a spoilt brat . 
 he wo n't eat properly ... and he bites . ' 
 my heart feels as if it is breaking . 
 i do n't show it . 
 ` he is a good boy . 
 he is just not used to strangers . ' 
 ` and the only word the brat seems to have mastered is no . ' 
 she is playing with me . 
 i resist the compulsion to tell her that sorab can say more than just no . 
 he can say yes . 
 he can say daddy , sleep teddy , din din for dinner , and lana . 
 no matter how many times i try to correct him he refuses to call me mummy . 
 ` how is he ? ' 
 i repeat . ' 
 i wonder what you will give up for your son ? ' 
 i look at her . 
 i know she wants the ultimate sacrifice . 
 ` what do you want from me ? ' ' 
 i have n't decided yet . 
 i 'll think about it and let you know if there is anything . ' 
 she stands up and , walking to the door , rings the bell . 
 what ? 
 she 's leaving ! 
 i stand unsteadily . 
 ` victoria ? ' 
 she turns around and directs a withering look at me . 
 ` he is just a baby , ' i say , and the tears start flowing . 
 ` please , victoria . 
 i will go away . 
 i 'll walk away and stay away this time . 
 i 'll do anything you want . ' 
 ` what would be the point of that ? ' 
 she sneers . 
 ` you have already proven yourself to be a brilliant liar . 
 you simply can not be trusted . 
 as soon as you have that brat back in your hands you will break all your pathetic little promises . 
 so no , do n't bother . ' 
 she turns back to the door to wait for the nurse with her back to me . 
 ` i 'm sorry , ' i sob . ' 
 i know i did n't keep my word , but i was ... i was blinded by my love for blake . ' 
 it is the wrong thing to say . 
 her passive aggressive facade smashes to dust , and her head jerks around like a striking cobra . 
 ` and what about my love for blake ? ' 
 she demands furiously . 
 ` that counted for nothing , did it ? ' 
 ` you said it was an arrangement . ' 
 she turns around fully and faces me , eyes glittering with hatred . 
 ` it was not an arrangement . 
 and you knew that , ' she spits venomously . 
 i stare at her , standing still , but vibrating with rage and hate . 
 it is obviously pointless to try to reason with her . 
 and yet , i ca n't stop . 
 not now . 
 not after i 've come this far . 
 ` you told blake you understood . 
 that he should cleanse me out of his system . ' 
 ` you 're a pathetic hypocrite . 
 trying to justify stealing another woman 's man . 
 what he sees in you is beyond me . ' 
 my spine straightens . ' 
 i did n't steal him . 
 he was not yours . 
 he never loved you . 
 i saved you from a loveless marriage . ' 
 she laughs . 
 a horrible sound : a vulture 's cry as its talons grip into dead meat . 
 ` are you suggesting i thank you ? ' 
 ` of course not . ' 
 she wants to claw my eyes out . 
 i see it in her clenched fists , her scorching eyes , her heaving chest , but she controls herself with a herculean effort , and grimaces . 
 ` if i were you , i 'd stop talking . 
 you 're not in any way helping your son 's cause . ' 
 a cold hand inside my chest . 
 i should n't have come . 
 i 've made it worse . 
 blake was right . 
 ` i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm really sorry for what i did . 
 i 'm begging you , victoria . 
 please , give me back my son . ' 
 ` look at you whining and crying because someone took your toy away from you . ' 
 her voice is brutally contemptuous . 
 ` he 's my son . ' 
 ` whatever . ' 
 she turns away from me . 
 ` please give me back my son . ' 
 she does not turn back . 
 simply ignores my pleas until the nurse comes to take her away . 
 the nurse 's eyes flick over my tear-stained face curiously , as she holds the door open for me . 
 i go out with them and watch the nurse walk up the corridor together with victoria and go through a locked door . 
 victoria never turns to look at me . 
 filled with a sense of disbelief at how spectacularly wrong it has all gone , i turn around and walk out of the hospital . 
 i use the back of my hand to wipe away the tears from my cheeks . 
 i should have practiced what i was going to say . 
 i said all the wrong things . 
 why did i ever think there was even the slightest chance that i could appeal to her sense of pity ? 
 i stand at the top of the stone stairs and i see brian standing next to the car staring at me . 
 for a moment my head swims and my knees buckle . 
 i look around for the railing to steady myself against , but it seems very far away so i sink down on the steps . 
 just in time . 
 my head is feather-light . 
 brian comes running up to me . 
 ` are you all right ? ' 
 ` this ca n't be real , ' i whisper . 
 i see a flash of pity in his eyes . 
 if only hers had flashed so . 
 i watch him struggle to find the right words to say . 
 ` let me help you to the car , mrs. barrington ? ' 
 i shake my head . 
 ` can you get my husband on the phone for me ? ' 
 he takes his mobile out of his pocket and dials blake . 
 ` your wife wants a word , ' he says quietly and passes it to me . 
 ` blake , ' i say and then all the words i wanted to say are suddenly ash in my mouth and i begin to weep uncontrollably . 
 gently , brian pries the phone from my hand and speaks into it . 
 ` she 's just ... upset . ' 
 even though i am sobbing loudly , some part of me understands that blake must have asked where we were because brian says , ` outside the hospital . 
 she met victoria and returned her money . ' 
 he pauses to listen then he says , ` of course , i 'll take her home right now . ' 
 he helps me to the car . 
 on the way we pass kensington , and that church where i went and sensed my mother 's presence . 
 and again at an odd hour its door is open . 
 it is almost like it is open for me . 
 ` stop the car , ' i cry urgently . 
 brian looks me , but he does n't immediately stop the car . ' 
 i need to go to that church , ' i explain desperately . 
 ` ok , ' he agrees , and turns the car around at the next opportunity . 
 he stops the car , and as i go to get out , he says , ` i 'm coming in with you . ' 
 we go into the church together and he loiters by the inside of the entrance . 
 there is a woman , dressed all in black . 
 she is deep in prayer and does not look up at the sound of my entrance . 
 i walk to the front and sit on a pew . 
 bowing my head i get on my knees and i pray . 
 he must hear my prayer . 
 ` oh lord , ' i whisper fervently . 
 ` help me , please . 
 help me . 
 bring my baby back to me . 
 we made a deal . 
 you were supposed to take care of him and i was supposed to do everything i could to help the children of the world . 
 i have kept my word and already started my charity . ' 
 but a small voice inside my head says , yeah , you made little baby steps , but you have n't really poured yourself into it , have you ? 
 brian comes to me . 
 ` we must go . ' 
 i stand and follow him . 
 and then an odd thing happens . 
 the sun must have burst through a cloud outside , for sunlight suddenly pours through the stained window and throws colored light on the floor in front of us . 
 it is in the image of the madonna and child . 
 i stop and look at the beautiful image . 
 i look up at brian , my face awed , as if i have just witnessed a miracle . 
 indeed it seems that way to me . 
 ` do you think it means something ? ' 
 brian is careful . 
 ` maybe . ' 
 ` it 's the image of the madonna and child . ' 
 he nods . 
 ` yeah , maybe . ' 
 eighteen blake law barrington twenty minutes after brian lets me know that he has dropped lana off at the house i walk through our door . 
 i feel like i am a stringed instrument that has been tuned too tight . 
 any moment something could snap my control of the situation . 
 i stand at the entrance to the living room and look at her . 
 she is hunched and staring at a spot on the floor . 
 she seems so small and defeated . 
 my heart bleeds to see her so . 
 as if sensing my presence she looks up suddenly . 
 her eyes are cloudy and wet . 
 i stride across the room and envelop her in a tight hug . 
 ` do n't ever put yourself in harm 's way again , ' i whisper , caressing her cheek with my thumb . ' 
 i was n't ever in danger . ' 
 her voice is sepulchral . 
 ` you do n't know what she is capable of . ' 
 she starts suddenly , her body tense . 
 fuck , i should n't have said that . 
 ` what is she capable of ? ' 
 she asks , hoarse with fear . 
 ` she wo n't hurt sorab . 
 he is her bargaining chip . ' 
 she sags with relief . 
 she 's falling apart in front of me and there is n't a thing i can do about it . 
 ` why did n't you tell me you were going ? ' 
 ` because you would have said no . ' 
 ` damn right i would n't have let you go . ' 
 ` i 'm sorry . 
 i screwed up . ' 
 ` do n't be sorry . 
 you did n't screw up . 
 tell me everything she said and did . 
 it could be important . ' 
 so we sit beside each other and she tells me everything calmly and clearly while i listen intently . 
 when she is finished i am so furious i want to kill that mad bitch . 
 i try my best not to show the fury . 
 she searches my face . 
 ` you were right . 
 i should n't have gone . 
 or at least i should have had a plan . 
 i 'm afraid all i 've succeeded in doing is saying all the wrong things and cementing her hatred . ' 
 i totally agree . 
 i wish she had n't gone , but i try to sound warm and reassuring . 
 ` it does n't matter . 
 nothing you have said or done has changed the outcome one bit . 
 she has a plan . 
 humiliating you was only one small aspect . ' 
 ` why do you say that ? ' 
 ` she wants to see me tomorrow at ten a.m. ' her eyes become enormous . 
 ` when did she contact you ? ' 
 ` she called right after you left her . 
 so you see it was all planned . 
 first humiliate you and then call me to the negotiating table . ' 
 ` what does she want ? 
 you ? ' 
 i curl my arm around her possessively . 
 ` no . 
 not me . 
 that would be too easy . 
 she knows i do n't give a damn about her . 
 she wants revenge . 
 i just do n't know what that entails . 
 yet . ' 
 twenty blake law barrington i walk into the red brick building and suddenly i am in a different world . 
 i pause for a moment at the entrance . 
 the air is cool and filled with an air of slow dreaminess , as if this place is a retreat from the dangerously busy world outside . 
 the air of lethargy pervades the staff . 
 they talk to me slowly and clearly-all their movements are calm and deliberate . 
 one of the reception staff shows me into a private room . 
 there is a window with floral curtains , and a few low , blue-gray padded seats . 
 a plastic coffee table with a few outdated , well-thumbed magazines . 
 ` someone will bring her down shortly , ' she says quietly , and closes the door quietly . 
 i walk to the window and look out . 
 my mind is reeling . 
 i realize i am nervous . 
 so much is at stake . 
 i think of how fragile lana looked this morning when i touched her cheekbone . 
 ` do n't think about me , ' she whispered fiercely . 
 ` only him . ' 
 ` hello , blake . ' 
 i whirl around . 
 i was so lost in my own thoughts i did not hear her enter . 
 for a moment i am surprised . 
 my last memory of her is of her being held by brian and another man while she clawed and screamed bloody murder . 
 now she stands before me , calm and present in a way i had not imagined . 
 i had expected wild-eyed passion , a burning desire for revenge . 
 not this angel of mercy act . 
 ` hello , victoria . ' 
 she comes farther into the room and takes a seat . 
 she is wearing a dress , blue with polka dots . 
 it does n't suit her . 
 the dress rides up her thighs and she pulls it down demurely . 
 she does not cross her legs , but sits with her knees close together . 
 i 'll admit she has me confused . 
 she looks up at me . 
 there is amusement in her eyes . 
 my god , she has taken the upper hand . 
 i am filled with the ugly sensation that i am about to get my first lesson on how wrong i have been about victoria . 
 i walk to the seat next to hers . 
 she watches me carefully . 
 i spread myself out , lean back , rest my hands on my thighs , and fix her with an even look . 
 i do n't know if she buys my relaxed pose . 
 i am not relaxed . 
 i am so furious i want to punch her smiling face . 
 ` how is my son ? ' 
 ` living in the lap of luxury . ' 
 ` if you hurt a single hair on his head you 'll live to regret it . ' 
 she crosses her legs high on her thigh , so smoothly and foxily , it takes me off guard-i do n't let my eyes follow the movement , it simply registers in my vision-and smiles at me . ' 
 i would n't take such an aggressive tone if i were you . ' 
 ` why did you kidnap him ? ' 
 ` why did you have me locked up here ? ' 
 ` because you crashed my wedding and tried to slash my bride ? ' 
 ` you 've oversold the story . ' 
 ` correct me then . ' ' 
 i avenged a wrong that was done to me . 
 she stole my man and my money , ' she states simply . 
 i feel myself flush . 
 shit . 
 when i found out i should have returned her money . 
 such a paltry sum . 
 ` she did not steal me away from you - ' ` liar , liar , pants on fire . ' 
 i stare at her . 
 ` ours was an arrangement . ' 
 ` you cheated me . ' ' 
 i did not know how you felt . ' 
 ` and if you had ? ' 
 i shift uncomfortably . 
 ` it would not have mattered , would it ? 
 just like it would not have mattered to you what i felt if you had fallen desperately in love with someone else . ' ' 
 i was desperately in love . 
 with you . ' 
 ` look , victoria . 
 that is the past . 
 i want my son back . ' 
 ` and i want you back . ' 
 i can not stop the horror her words provoke from showing in my face . 
 she laughs , a cat with a mouse . 
 ` that 's not very nice . ' 
 ` what do you really want , victoria ? ' ' 
 i want out of here and i want you stripped of your barrington seat of power . ' 
 i frown . 
 ` stripped of the seat of power ? 
 why ? ' 
 ` because you 're not a barrington . ' 
 my blood runs cold and sluggish in my veins . 
 i think of a snake . 
 winding . 
 untrustworthy . 
 feed it for a lifetime , then turn your back on it and it will bite you . 
 ` what are you talking about ? ' 
 ` ask your mother . 
 she 'll tell you . ' 
 ` how do you know ? ' ' 
 i have my ways . 
 i knew many years ago , but i did n't care . 
 i wanted you even if you were not a barrington . ' 
 i could n't give a shit about what she thought of my lineage . 
 i had only one objective in mind . 
 ` if i agree to both your conditions will you return my son ? ' 
 ` of course . 
 i have no use for the brat . ' 
 i experience a flash of anger . 
 bitch . 
 ca n't let my anger make me careless . 
 i flex my tense shoulders . 
 my voice is calm . 
 ` how do we do this ? ' 
 she reaches forward suddenly , swift as a snake , fixes her eyes on me , and lightly strokes my knuckles . 
 it is like a lover 's sweet touch . 
 i freeze : the revulsion is incredible . 
 i fight down centuries worth of instinct . 
 the kind that saved prehistoric man from becoming the saber-toothed tiger 's lunch . 
 i stare into her eyes . 
 she smiles sensuously . 
 seems almost drunk with the power she has over me . ' 
 i want your fall from grace to be public . 
 i want you to give up every claim you have on the barrington wealth . 
 and then i want you to come here and sign me out . ' 
 ` why ? 
 what benefit to you ? ' 
 she shrugs . 
 ` satisfaction . ' 
 ` done . ' 
 she frowns . 
 ` did you understand what i said ? 
 you will retain neither the name nor the wealth of the barrington family . ' 
 ` perfectly . ' 
 twisted anger flashes in her eyes . 
 did she actually imagine i would sacrifice my son to keep the barrington name ? 
 ` you 'd do that for her and that ... little , common spawn of hers ? ' 
 she lashes out with frustration . 
 ` that little , common spawn is my son . ' 
 she leans back and with pretended casualness looks at her nails . 
 ` how wrong i was about you . 
 i thought even though you were n't a real barrington you were better than an ordinary commoner . ' 
 she fixes me with her eyes . 
 ` but you 're not . 
 you are just like them . 
 and you proved it by falling in love with the lowest scrounger of them all . 
 you only know to put your own selfish lust ahead of truly important things . ' 
 i stand and look down on her , an empty shell animated by hatred and intense jealously . 
 ` i 'll come by when everything is done . ' 
 ` and oh ! 
 for dinner tonight i 'd like black cod with a medley of oriental vegetables . 
 all steaming hot and prepared by a michelin starred restaurant . ' 
 i look at her evenly . 
 ` would you like wine with it ? ' 
 she smiles . 
 ` yes , and i 'd like a gourmet dinner delivered to me for the rest of my stay here . ' 
 ` i 'll get laura to arrange it . ' 
 ` goodbye , blake . ' 
 i ring the bell to call the nurse and turn to look at her . 
 ` if you renege on your word , i swear i will tear you apart limb from limb with my bare hands and a blunt knife . ' 
 she laughs , an insolent , taunting laugh . 
 the nurse comes and i leave her poisonous presence with relief . 
 twenty-one victoria jane montgomery i watch him leave and feel a tingle of power sizzle right through me . 
 his cheeks had colored . 
 he had blushed . 
 for the first time since i have known him i made the great blake law barrington flush with shame . 
 i hold the power now . 
 i lean back . 
 i know the drill-wait here until a nurse comes to fetch me back to my room . 
 the door opens , and someone comes in , but it is not a nurse . 
 a small , deathly pale man dressed entirely in black enters . 
 his shoes are polished to a high shine . 
 i stare at him with surprise . 
 for a moment my body freezes in fear . 
 i swallow down that spike of fear , that unreasonable dread that he seems more a corpse that some mad doctor decided to animate so he may still walk the earth than an actual living , breathing human being . 
 revulsion and horror crawl in my blood . 
 it is impossible to properly describe his bizarre appearance . 
 his nose is sharp and narrow and his mouth is thin and downward turning , but it is his eyes that are the most sinister . 
 they are red-rimmed and the irises black , shiny , empty . 
 as soon as those eyes connect with mine i feel a dark chill go through me . 
 i have seen eyes like that before ... i have never seen him in my life before , but i recognize him . 
 unsteadily i stand and curtsy on one knee . 
 it is not necessary , but i do it to ingratiate myself . 
 i need allies . 
 and allies like him are powerful , they are el sent . 
 ` lady victoria . ' 
 ` at your service . ' 
 he smiles cordially and as he comes closer to me , i start to feel almost faint . 
 the malevolence of his presence is so palpable that my body instinctively recoils . 
 unable to stop myself i take a step back and to cover my reaction i pretend that i am heading for a seat and collapse on it . 
 not as elegantly as i would have liked . 
 then i busy myself with crossing my legs and arranging my skirt around me as i compose my face into lines of submissive helpfulness . 
 i am frightened of him . 
 then i remember the phoenix . 
 why should i fear ? 
 i am divinely guided . 
 i am doing el 's work . 
 i have nothing to fear and yet my mouth feels like it is full of soot . 
 i swallow the blackness and lick my lips . 
 ` may i ? ' 
 he drawls . 
 he knows the effect he has on me ... and secretly relishes my distress . 
 ` of course . 
 please . ' 
 he sits . 
 the movement is so deliberate and theatrical it is almost g * y . 
 but he is not . 
 his tastes are eclectic . 
 i know that without knowing him . 
 he is a sadist . 
 one look in his eyes and i see it . 
 ` do they treat you well here ? ' 
 ` yes , thank you . ' 
 ` that pleases me . 
 i asked for ... helpful assistants . ' 
 ` yes , they have all been very helpful . ' 
 he nods . 
 ` it wo n't be long before you are out . ' 
 i do n't say anything . 
 i am suddenly afraid . 
 i am wondering why he is here . 
 he is not an ally of mine . 
 he is here for a different reason . 
 ` who are you ? ' 
 i splutter . 
 ` we are descended from the light , the fallen light . 
 ah , but in fact , you are actually wondering why i am here . ' 
 ` it did cross my mind . ' 
 ` it is important to us that you have your satisfaction . 
 blake should pay for ... cheating you . 
 we like your little plan to dethrone him . 
 he is not a barrington and he should not masquerade as one , but we ask that blake and his family come to no harm . ' 
 i feel confused . 
 i wanted to offer blake as a sacrifice to the phoenix . 
 i wanted to watch his beautiful blue eyes fading , fading . 
 dead . 
 damned forever . 
 he cuts into my thoughts . 
 ` let us remain merciful . ' 
 ` what makes you think i want to hurt him ? ' 
 ` lady victoria , you underestimate us . 
 it is not an attractive quality . 
 do not repeat the mistake . 
 you are categorically denied permission to harm blake or his son . 
 he will provide the tools of his own demise . ' 
 to cover my frustration i bow my head . 
 ` what do you seek ? ' 
 ` power , obedience and access . ' 
 ` you have all three with me . ' 
 his bloodless lips stretch in a parody of a smile . 
 cold is what cold-blooded does . 
 ` good . 
 what may seem to you like chaos is a carefully coordinated attack . 
 the outcome will follow the design no matter what you do . ' 
 he looks to the window , beyond our conversation , to the overcast sky . 
 i frown with confusion . 
 the brotherhood is rigorously selective . 
 blake is not a bloodline . 
 ` what do you want with a bastard and his little mongrel offspring ? ' 
 ` unlikely alliances can sometimes be the most productive , ' he says cryptically . 
 the door opens and a nurse comes in bearing a glass of water on a tray . 
 i look up at her almost gratefully . 
 just having another person in the room even for a few seconds allows me to compose myself a little . 
 ` here you go , ' she says , and places the glass on the low table . 
 ` thank you , ' he says quietly . 
 she walks out of the door and it closes after her . 
 i watch him pick up the glass , raise it to his pale lips and take a sip . 
 i watch the movement his thin throat makes . 
 my eyes are drawn to his adam 's apple . 
 the skin there is so white and stretched so tight it almost glows . 
 my thoughts whirl in circles . 
 sucking at me . 
 what the hell ? 
 must i stand by and watch blake and his harlot prosper ... again ? 
 i shake my head . 
 something is not right . 
 ` why ? 
 why do you care so much about a non-bloodline ? ' 
 and suddenly his eyes-there is no other way to put it-become alive , as if he was a shell and someone or something had suddenly come into his empty body and animated it . 
 i feel inexplicably exposed and observed , not by passive eyes but by penetrating ones . 
 eyes that know me . 
 eyes that are familiar . 
 my hand comes up to my throat . 
 those cruel lips hardly move , but what comes out of them turns my whole world upside down . 
 twenty-two blake law barrington so it was all a lie . 
 i am not a barrington . 
 not a bloodline . 
 not precious . 
 not better than all the rest of humanity . 
 it should have been a terrible blow . 
 i should have been numb with shock , or in a rage . 
 my whole life a lie ! 
 it 's a strange thing but walking away from victoria , i feel oddly light and relieved . 
 finally , it all makes sense . 
 my father 's sweaty male skin pressed against my half bare back . 
 because he was not my father . 
 the vein of cruelty was not normal . 
 he was my keeper . 
 when i examine it deeper it is not relief , but a kind of dangerous excitement . 
 as if a door that i thought would never open for me has suddenly opened . 
 a new life stretches out for me . 
 within my grasp . 
 i only have to play my cards right . 
 but i do n't trust her . 
 i believe she will not be satisfied with such a weak revenge . 
 she 'll want blood . 
 it is our way . 
 blood to feed the gods . 
 probably mine . 
 she knows she wo n't get away with spilling any of sorab 's . 
 her plans must include my death . 
 what a pleasure to turn lana into a widow . 
 the first person i call is my lawyer . 
 ` jay , get back to me on the fastest , most efficient way for me to cut all financial ties with the barrington wealth . ' 
 there is a moment of shocked silence . 
 ` um ... i did n't quite get that . 
 can you explain in more detail what you mean ? ' 
 ` let 's say my brother discovers that i am not a barrington-what paperwork would he draw up to cut me out of the fortune ? ' 
 ` right ... uh ... i 'll ... um ... have to get back to you on that . ' 
 ` call me as soon as you know . ' 
 ` right , yes , yes i will . ' 
 i call my secretary and tell her to make arrangements for me to fly to new york that day . 
 then i call my brother . 
 ` marcus . 
 i need to speak to you . 
 i 'll be there in about ten hours . 
 can you clear your diary for me ? ' 
 ` is everything ok ? ' 
 ` not really . 
 but i 'll tell you everything when i see you . ' 
 after that i call billie to ask her if she will come and stay with lana that night . 
 she sounds out of breath , as if she has been running up a flight of steps or having wild sex , but she not only took my call , she also agrees immediately . 
 with that sorted , i dial my mother 's number . 
 nine and a half hours later i am sitting in my brother 's mistress 's flat . 
 nadia is out , and he was close by . 
 i lower myself into a brand new white sofa and look around curiously . 
 it is an odd place . 
 in fact , i think it is the most unlived-in place i have ever been in throughout my life . 
 there is not a spot of dirt , anywhere . 
 it is just white-cold and soulless . 
 ` like a drink ? ' 
 he asks . 
 ` what 've you got ? ' 
 he holds up a green bottle that he bought at an auction in bonhams , london . 
 a special liqueur whiskey , from the glenavon distillery in ballindalloch , scotland . 
 the distillery ceased production in the 1950s . 
 he pours us two glasses of pale gold liquid , and crosses the extraordinarily white carpet to hold a glass out to me . 
 i thank him and take a sip . 
 the two-hundred-and-sixty-year-old smoky liquid slides down my throat tasting of copper pot stills , oak barrels , peat moss , and its own smooth patina . 
 all the people who made it are dead . 
 i only feel the bite when it splashes into my empty stomach and burns . 
 marcus drops into a pristine sofa opposite me . 
 ` so what 's going on ? ' 
 so close to me his voice echoes in the disconcertingly empty place . 
 i take another sip of his fine whiskey . 
 ` just found out today that i 'm not a barrington . ' 
 his jaw drops . 
 well , at least i know now that he did n't know . 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` yeah , apparently i 'm not a barrington . ' 
 he recovers fast , i 'll give him that . 
 he snaps his mouth shut and goes silent for a bit while all kinds of thoughts pass through his head and flash across his eyes . 
 all of them self-serving . 
 ` who told you ? ' 
 ` victoria . ' 
 his eyes narrow . 
 disappointment ? 
 ` is n't she in an asylum for the insane ? ' 
 ` she had dna results . ' 
 he leans forward , his eyes gleaming . 
 he looks like a man who can hardly believe his luck . 
 i have n't seen this side of him . 
 ` have you ... verified the results ? ' 
 ` no need to . 
 i always knew i was different . ' 
 he leans back . 
 his voice is dry . 
 ` you were n't different . 
 quinn was different . ' 
 ` anyway , the reason i 'm here is because i want to walk away from being a barrington heir . 
 i want you to take over my portfolios and generally find a replacement for me in the barrington hierarchy . 
 the only thing i will retain are my own personal investments and quinn 's portfolio . ' 
 he looks at me strangely , suspiciously . 
 once , i called this man my brother . 
 today i am about to see his real face . 
 ` why ? ' 
 ` it 's a long story . ' 
 ` i 've got hours to kill , ' he says languidly . 
 i explain what happened so far and as i speak marcus exhales slowly , looks into his whiskey , shoots it , and goes back to the sparkling chrome and glass bar . 
 he lets his glass hit the surface too loudly and winces . 
 he sloshes whiskey carelessly into the glass , spills it on the gleaming surface . 
 he brings the glass blindly to his lips , takes a sip and swallows . 
 he is drunk on my misfortune . 
 ` any lawyer worth his salt will tell you-any contract you sign under duress can be easily declared null and void . ' 
 ` that 's just the thing . 
 i want out . ' 
 ` what do you mean when you say you want out ? ' 
 he asks casually . 
 as if i could be spooked into changing my mind . 
 ` i 'm walking away from it all . ' 
 he takes a large gulp , swallows and coughs . 
 ` all ? ' 
 ` all . ' 
 i stare at him curiously . 
 was i once like this ? 
 was nothing ever enough for my insatiable lust for more ? 
 ` well , anything that is not already in my name , ' i confirm . 
 he makes a disbelieving sound . 
 ` you 'll be a pauper . ' 
 but i notice that he is not trying too hard to persuade me , otherwise . 
 simply gauging how serious i am . 
 ` hardly . ' 
 ` well , you know what i mean . ' 
 there . 
 there is that self-serving smile again . 
 ` yes , by your standards , i will . ' 
 ` then you 'll need a job . 
 you can run the business for me . ' 
 strange , how i never saw the supercilious arch of his eyebrow , that condescending tilt of his chin . 
 for the first time i see what my father or rather my stepfather saw . 
 a greedy , grasping man of dissolute tastes who ca n't even pretend to lead . 
 a spineless fool without even a whiff of what it takes to sit at the front of a dynasty as vast and powerful as the barrington 's . 
 i smile . 
 ` no . 
 i 'd like to strike out on my own . 
 do something different . ' 
 ` you sound like quinn . ' 
 ` you 'll manage . ' ' 
 i really need you , blake . 
 i 'll make it worth your while . ' 
 i look at him and i am glad that he is not my brother . 
 he wants to hire me as his employee . 
 ` sorry , marcus , but i 'm sure you 'll forge new alliances . ' 
 ` you 're just going to walk away from it all ? ' 
 he is pleased with his good luck , but seems angered and irritated by my decision not to work for him . 
 later , when he is at the bottom of the bottle , it might occur to him to make it all legal as soon as possible . 
 i shrug . 
 ` yeah . ' 
 he frowns , genuinely confused . 
 ` why ? ' 
 ` when i was younger , the idea that all of nature-humans , animals , flowers , trees , mountains , rivers , galaxies , even universes-is nothing more than self-replicating fractals of an interactive biological software program based on golden ratio or the fibonacci spiral was depressing . 
 we are all animated mathematical constructs of great precision . 
 it took the magic out of creation . 
 i understood i was in a geometric prison , but i did n't know how i could escape it . 
 until recently . 
 now i find new beauty and astonishment whenever i act out of autopilot . 
 whenever i leave the hive mentality , stop being a predator or lead a life of love and harmlessness . ' 
 ` because of her ? ' 
 he asks , his voice edged with some deep rage . 
 ah , that 's where the irritation comes from . 
 he is envious of what i have with lana . 
 ` do n't go there , marcus , ' i warn , watching him over the rim of my glass . 
 twenty-three blake law barrington `` how often have i said to you that when you have eliminated the impossible , whatever remains , however improbable , must be the truth ? 
 we know that he did not come through the door , the window , or the chimney . 
 we also know that he could not have been concealed in the room , as there is no concealment possible . 
 when , then , did he come ? '' 
 - sherlock holmes , the sign of the four -lrb- 1980 -rrb- my mother lives overlooking central park in an apartment that takes up three entire floors . 
 the ceilings are twenty-three feet high , the windows are ceiling to floor , and the endless views are quite literally breathtaking . 
 darkness has already fallen and the city lies a glitzy carpet of lights below me . 
 i gaze down at the beautiful sight and feel crumpled and jaded . 
 a maid brings sage tea flavored with honey and warm brioches filled with foie gras and bacon curls . 
 by the time my mother makes her fantastically elegant entrance , i have already been cooling my heels for fifteen minutes . 
 i turn around to watch her sweep dramatically into the room , porcelain white , blonde and flawless , and remember her , when she used to dress in floor-length evening gowns and was what you would call an all-star beauty . 
 among other things she wore coats made out of ocelots . 
 the memory leaves a hollow feeling in the pit of my stomach . 
 she smiles ruefully . 
 ` have i kept you waiting long ? ' 
 my mouth twists . 
 ` not at all . ' 
 she sinks languidly onto a sofa , and after dutifully kissing either side of her smooth and perfumed cheeks , i take the seat opposite hers . 
 she curls her fingers delicately into a half fist and lifts it to her mouth to conceal a sigh . 
 everything about her is designed to disguise the predatory gleam in her eyes . 
 ` there is a byzantine church in syria , called the heart of the almond . 
 imagine such a name for a church . ' 
 ` did marcus call you ? ' 
 ` what do you think ? ' 
 ` well , are you going to tell me who my father is ? 
 or are we going to discuss obscure churches in syria ? ' 
 she thinks for a moment , her eyes secretive slits of blue . 
 ` have you ever dreamed of a bird or an animal with glowing red eyes ? ' 
 i am unprepared for the question . 
 if i had , my reaction would have been totally different . 
 i would have schooled my expression . 
 but as i was n't , she saw the unguarded expression of shock . 
 even though i shake my head , she pins me with her eyes , suddenly avid and glittering with excitement . 
 ` you have , have n't you ? ' 
 why she would be pleased about such dreams , i do n't know , but i consider them nightmares . 
 since i was a boy i have been trapped in dreams where i am being chased by a massive black horse with red eyes . 
 it chases me through open fields , i can hear it snorting and breathing hard on my heels . 
 sometimes i will make it into an abandoned house or barn and i will lock myself in there and cower while the horse thunders its hooves at the door . 
 petrified , i will stare at the door as it rattles and shakes . 
 that is usually when i wake up in a cold sweat . 
 ` do you know how lucky you are ? ' 
 lucky ? 
 i am robbed of all words . 
 ` that is the ultimate goal . 
 to allow the master to inhabit our souls . 
 your father allowed it . ' 
 her eyes become misty with the memory . 
 ` sometimes you could see him looking out of his eyes . 
 he would look out at you , alive and living , in a human form . 
 it is the thing we do for him . 
 we allow him to walk the earth in human form . 
 it is why we keep our bloodline pure . 
 if we sully it by mixing our blood with impure lines he will no longer be able to possess us . 
 it is the reason we have all this power . 
 it is our reward . 
 ultimate power over all of mankind . ' 
 her voice changes , becomes wheedling . 
 ` you do n't know what it feels like . 
 you must allow him to take you over . ' 
 i stand and take a few steps away from her . 
 ` but i 'm not a bloodline , am i ? ' 
 she laughs suddenly . 
 the sound is sarcastic and taunting . 
 ` you 're a fool , blake . 
 i never imagined you would be so blind . 
 ca n't you guess that your bloodline is by far purer than the barrington bloodline ? ' 
 i stare at her with surprise . 
 my chest feels as if it is on fire . 
 ` who is my real father ? ' 
 ` do you really need me to spell it out for you ? ' 
 she seems genuinely surprised that i do n't know . 
 ` yes , god damn it , ' i say harshly . 
 ` spit it out . ' 
 ` your biological father is hugo . ' 
 ` hugo ? ' 
 ` yes , hugo montgomery . ' 
 hugo montgomery ! 
 for a moment nothing makes sense . 
 time stops . 
 the whole world outside my mother 's living apartment ceases to exist . 
 we are splendidly isolated and perched high in the sky . 
 i stare at her . 
 she stares back with an expression remarkable only for its lack of emotion . 
 her eyes are indifferent blue stones . 
 then the antique clock on the mantelpiece above the seventeenth-century fireplace starts again . 
 ` what ? ' 
 i ask incredulously . 
 ` it 's not that startling , surely ? ' 
 she sighs . 
 ` but he 's victoria 's father ! ' 
 ` of course . ' 
 ` victoria is my sister ? ' 
 ` half-sister . ' ' 
 i was supposed to marry her ? ' 
 ` which you did n't do , ' she reminds in a silkily bored tone . 
 ` it would have been incest if i had , ' i counter angrily . ' 
 i never suspected you of being tedious . ' 
 ` why did the families want us to marry ? ' 
 ` for the bloodline . 
 in your offspring would have run the purest blood of all . ' 
 ` does victoria know ? ' 
 her voice is very dry . ' 
 i believe she is still recovering from the shock of it even as we speak . ' 
 ` does hugo know ? ' 
 she nods . 
 ` and ... father ? 
 did he know ? ' 
 she looks at me disdainfully , and i marvel at her heartless , carefully expressionless mask . 
 she is like one of those nimble mountain goats . 
 even on the most precipitous crags she never loses her nerve or her footing . 
 she moves so casually yet so surely as she nibbles on tufts of grass among dangerously loose rocks . 
 ` we all did , ' she exclaims . 
 ` you did n't imagine i had a sordid little affair with hugo , did you ? 
 we planned it and we executed it for the good of the family . ' 
 ` my god ! 
 you 're all mad . ' 
 ` madness is a subjective thing . 
 at any rate , it would appear we failed , would n't it ? ' 
 twenty-four lana barrington julie comes to see me . 
 she hugs me . 
 ` i 'm so sorry , lana , ' she says . 
 but i am hollow-eyed . 
 i do n't give a damn about people being sorry that my son has been taken from me . 
 i want what i do n't have . 
 i want information . 
 i want to know what vann has told her . 
 i offer her coffee and she accepts . 
 we sit next to each other drinking coffee . 
 ` blake will get him back , ' she tells me . 
 i put my cup down . 
 ` how do you know that ? ' 
 i ask . 
 she is not daunted by my question . 
 ` because i understand what you do not . ' 
 ` what ? 
 what do you understand ? ' 
 i demand , both my voice and manner more aggressive that i intended . ' 
 i know that blake is special . 
 once when you were not there i saw him interact with someone that vann said is very frighteningly powerful . 
 he did n't give an inch , and yet that frighteningly powerful man bowed to blake . 
 he has something they covet , lana . 
 they want or more likely need him . 
 they will never let anything happen to him or sorab . ' 
 i look at julie . 
 ` you know their agenda , do n't you ? ' 
 she nods unhappily . 
 ` tell me what it is ? ' 
 she looks at me with pity in her eyes . 
 ` oh , lana . 
 blake does not tell you because it will grieve you . ' 
 my fist connects with the table , so hard the coffee cups rattle . 
 ` do you think anything you tell me will grieve me more than what i already feel ? ' 
 she looks me in the eye . 
 she is brave . 
 i 'll give her that . 
 a lot braver than i gave her credit for . 
 ` there is always room for more grief . ' 
 i crumple in shame . 
 ` blake believes i am weaker than i am . 
 i want to know . ' ' 
 i hassled vann for ages . 
 i wanted to know . 
 and in the end he told me and now i am not the same . 
 i wish i had not asked . 
 i wish i did n't know . ' 
 ` why ? ' 
 she looks at me sadly . 
 ` because there is not a single thing i can do about it . ' 
 ` i 'm not a child . 
 i deserve to know . ' 
 but julie just shakes her head . 
 ` trust blake , lana . 
 he truly loves you . 
 everything he does is to protect you . ' 
 i lean back in frustration . 
 ` ok , ok . 
 forget i asked . 
 the truth is , i do n't care . 
 i just want sorab back . ' 
 ` and you will , ' she says with total conviction . 
 conviction i wish i had . 
 by the time billie arrives with a bottle of vodka , julie is gone . 
 she does n't say anything , simply finds two large water glasses and fills them up , spilling quite a bit . 
 i can see that she is already more than half sloshed . 
 she comes to the table where i am sitting and pushes a glass toward me . 
 i shake my head . 
 ` did n't think you were afraid of a little vodka , ' she slurs . 
 oh , what the hell ! 
 she 's right . 
 maybe this will help dull the pain . 
 i take the glass and start drinking it like it is water . 
 i can see billie 's eyes widening . 
 halfway down the glass , i have to stop . 
 i feel sick . 
 i put the glass down and look at billie . 
 ` this is not going to help . ' 
 ` you 're strung up tight like a bow . 
 you need to loosen up . ' 
 ` loosen up ? 
 for what ? ' 
 ` it 's not your fault , ' she says . 
 ` what , no flip remark ! 
 you 're losing your touch , billie . ' 
 ` um , yeah . 
 maybe . ' 
 she looks sheepish . 
 i take a deep breath . 
 the alcohol is already singing in my head . 
 but i do n't feel any happier . 
 in fact , i feel a bit sick . 
 i put my head in my hands . ' 
 i do n't feel so good , bill . ' 
 ` did you eat today ? ' 
 ` no , not yet . ' 
 ` oh shit . 
 do you want something to eat now ? ' 
 ` no . ' 
 ` come on , i 'll put you to bed for a bit . ' 
 in my bedroom i fall on the bed and lie on my side and groan . 
 ` fuck , billie , the room is spinning . ' 
 ` it 's not really . ' 
 i close my eyes and i feel billie lie down beside me . ' 
 i miss that kid , ' she says and hiccups . 
 my heart does a little somersault . 
 ` me too . ' 
 ` he has the clearest , sweetest eyes . 
 you could dive in and drown in them . ' 
 ` yeah . ' 
 i smile to think of them . ' 
 i think of them as pieces of sky boiled down to fit into his irises . ' 
 ` and he has this great cartoon chuckle . ' 
 ` cartoon chuckle ? 
 he has a great laugh . ' 
 ` oh god , do n't you go all `` my son 's poo 's a better color than yours '' on me now . ' 
 my laughter is both drunken and sad . ' 
 i never wanted children until sorab , ' she says . 
 that sobers me . 
 we are both silent for a while . 
 my limbs feel heavy and my head feels odd . 
 ` what the hell am i doing , billie ? 
 getting drunk at a time like this ? ' 
 ` nothing . 
 it was a bad idea of mine . 
 just go to sleep . ' 
 ` big stinking pile of smug . 
 that was me . ' 
 ` stop it . ' 
 ` things between me and blake are not good . ' 
 i feel her body stiffen . 
 ` did you argue ? ' 
 ` no . 
 that 's just it . 
 all the passion is gone from our relationship . ' 
 her body relaxes . 
 ` you 're a silly muffin , lana , ' she chuckles . 
 ` you do n't understand , bill , ' i insist . 
 ` when he comes back tomorrow , tell him you went to bed with me and we 'll see how far banker boy 's passion has fallen . ' 
 i feel her hand come around my waist and her body spooning mine . 
 her big new boobs push into my back . 
 they feel warm and firm and not uncomfortable . 
 ` thanks , billie , ' i mutter and wriggle closer to her . 
 almost immediately i feel myself slipping into sleep . 
 hours later i feel billie 's hand being removed and i half-open bleary eyes . 
 my head is throbbing . 
 blake smiles at me . 
 ` you 're home early , ' i mumble . 
 ` and what a lucky thing i am . ' 
 he carries me to the spare room , tucks me under the duvet and climbs in beside me . 
 ` nobody gets to sleep with my little angel except me , ' he whispers and spoons my body exactly as billie had . 
 twenty-five victoria jane montgomery i lie on my bed and look at the moonless night and desperately wish the phoenix would come to me . 
 there is no more peace for me since i found out that blake is my half-brother , and i ca n't have the revenge i had so carefully planned . 
 when i think of what he has done to me , my blood boils . 
 once i loved him . 
 now i want nothing more than my revenge . 
 i keep dreaming that i am pouring boiling oil into blake 's bitch 's belly button . 
 she screams like crazy as her skin peels and her flesh and fat bubbles and cooks like a piece of steak on a grill . 
 god , i hate her so much . 
 if only the phoenix would come again to me . 
 i can ask it for its blessing . 
 for i am frightened . 
 i feel that something strange is happening to me . 
 i hear the sounds of knives being sharpened in my head and i 'm afraid i am losing my grip on my sanity . 
 perhaps it is because i am locked up here with all these crazies that i am becoming one too . 
 there are voices in my head now . 
 every day these disembodied voices grow stronger and more relentless . 
 they madden me with their harsh cackles and calls for revenge . 
 they want blood . 
 blake 's blood . 
 i no longer dare attend group sessions . 
 fortunately , the policy here is that it is not compulsory . 
 i dare not talk to anyone . 
 what if i lose control and one of the voices takes over ? 
 all of a sudden i hear a voice , a sweet , lost child voice . 
 the questing innocence beguiles me , irretrievably draws me to her . 
 she is in direct contrast to the usual threatening , sordid , obscene , and often downright menacing voices i am forced to listen to . 
 i listen out for the unspoiled new voice and realize that all the other voices seem to have hung back . 
 the lovely new voice thrusts forward eagerly . 
 i embrace it with all that i am . 
 perhaps i will be all right . 
 perhaps this new voice will keep me safe and guide me to the right path . 
 perhaps the phoenix sent this voice to me . 
 immediately i feel stronger . 
 you ca n't trust anybody , it says in its uniquely fresh and wonderful voice . 
 i nod enthusiastically . 
 and you ca n't give up on divine plans . 
 i nod again . 
 the phoenix has sanctioned them . 
 of course the phoenix did . 
 i listen intently as the beautiful voice elaborates on what must be the truth of the matter . 
 blake must die just as you planned-a car crash on his way home from the hospital after signing over all his rights to the barrington fortune . 
 then it will be the turn of his bastard child to die . 
 afterwards , as planned , we will pay a little visit to the lying , cheating , cock-sucking cunt he married ... and watch her die , slowly and painfully . 
 twenty-six blake law barrington she comes toward me , her eyes huge , her face pale and drawn , and i feel a stab of guilt . 
 when i found her she was bursting with life , an innocent thing in an orange dress . 
 look how careless i 've been . 
 look what i 've done to her . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 i ask , holding her . 
 she seems so small , her bones so breakable . 
 she was not always like this , was she ? 
 no . 
 once she fought me on her terms . 
 ` blake , ' she calls . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 she swallows hard . 
 ` tell me ? ' 
 ` oh , darling . 
 you do n't really want me anymore , do you ? ' 
 ` what ? ' ' 
 i know you love me , but you do n't desire me anymore . ' 
 i shake my head . 
 i will never understand women . 
 how they can be so intuitive and so dense at the same time . 
 i run a finger down her beautiful , beautiful nose to her plump lips . 
 i remember the first time we kissed . 
 i remember how they looked when that f ** king pervert abused her at the party . 
 i remember them when she was laughing at that drug dealer party she invited me to , and i remember them when she told me on our honeymoon that she was my captive slave . 
 seems so long ago . 
 so much has happened . 
 i wish i could go back . 
 i ca n't . 
 here and now is what i have . 
 ` lit matches , ' i whisper . 
 ` what ? ' 
 she asks . 
 ` that night i met you i thought your eyes were like lit matches . 
 so blue . 
 the impression of something cool and yet it 'll burn your fingers . ' 
 she bites that plump lip . 
 ` have i burned you ? ' 
 ` never . ' 
 ` i 'm so confused , blake . ' 
 ` come here . 
 i want to tell you something . ' 
 i lead her to the sofa . 
 we sit together , our thighs touching . 
 if only she knew . 
 maybe i need to spell it out to her . 
 maybe i 've been too distant . 
 it 's my upbringing . 
 stiff upper lip . 
 better in than out . 
 i take her hand . 
 it 's cold . 
 i grasp it between my palms . 
 ` your hand is warm , ' she murmurs . 
 i smile at her . 
 ` tell me the truth , blake . 
 i can take it . ' 
 ` oh , lana . 
 tell you the truth ? 
 here 's the truth . 
 right now , i want to f ** k you until you ca n't remember your name . ' 
 her head jerks . 
 she did n't expect that . 
 of course not . 
 ` the only thing that stops me is your grief . 
 i do n't want my method of dealing with grief to intrude on yours . ' 
 ` what do you mean ? ' ' 
 i mean the only time i forget that sorab is gone is when i am inside you . 
 that is the only time i do n't feel the guilt that i did not protect him . 
 i did not protect you . 
 i let my guard down . 
 i was careless , lana . 
 i did n't see her as she really was . ' 
 ` so you still want me ? ' 
 i gaze at her . 
 in time we will learn everything there is to know about each other . 
 for now i will just have to show her . 
 i take her hand and put it on my groin . 
 it is hard and throbbing for her . 
 tears gather in her eyes and roll down her cheeks . 
 ` what 's the matter ? ' ' 
 i really , really thought you had gone off me . ' 
 ` gone off you ? 
 are you totally blind ? 
 there is no one else for me . 
 from the day we met again at the bank i have never looked at another woman . 
 let alone wanted one . 
 you 're the only one for me . 
 i could take you right now if i thought you were up for it . ' 
 she looks at me with her big , electric blue eyes . 
 ` i 'm up for it . ' 
 i take sorab from my head and store him safely in my heart and i start to unbutton her top . 
 i drink her in . 
 glazed doe eyes , flushed cheeks and reddened lips . 
 oh yes . 
 that 's my lana . 
 her hands go to the front of my trousers and find me hard as a rock . 
 i smile . 
 ` see ? 
 nothing has changed between us . ' 
 ` oh , how i 've missed your body , ' she whispers as i lift her up . 
 her legs wrap around my body tightly . 
 i can feel the wetness between her legs seeping into my clothes . 
 damp spot on my shirt . 
 it 's a good feeling . ' 
 i was so afraid your passion was gone . ' ' 
 i ca n't imagine what gave you such an idea . ' ' 
 i do n't want you to be gentle . ' ' 
 i did n't plan on being gentle . 
 it 's going to be as hard and dirty as they come . 
 if you do n't shatter then you 're going to pass out , ' i warn , swooping down to crush that plump mouth that i bought another lifetime ago . 
 once when i was king of the entire realm , for as far as the eye could see . 
 twenty-seven lana barrington jack calls me . 
 for an instant his voice confuses me . 
 it seems so near . 
 as if he could pop around for a coffee . 
 ` oh , jack , ' i breathe . 
 ` where are you ? ' 
 ` in africa . 
 billie emailed me . 
 is there anything i can do ? ' 
 ` no . 
 no , there is nothing you can do . 
 blake has it covered . ' 
 my voice is bitter . 
 ` turns out victoria took our son to punish us . ' ' 
 i ca n't hear you properly . 
 who took him ? ' 
 ` victoria . ' 
 ` who ? 
 ` blake 's ex ? ' 
 there is a shocked silence as he assimilates this fact . ' 
 i thought she was locked up in an asylum . ' 
 ` she is . ' 
 i suddenly feel tearful . 
 in my peripheral vision i see a yellow post-it pad . 
 it has the faint indentation of the message on the note that was above it . 
 ` then how can she ? ' 
 ` it 's called money and privilege . ' 
 i open a drawer and take out a pencil and start to lightly run the lead over the message . 
 a sentence in blake 's handwriting starts appearing . 
 jack sounds bewildered . 
 ` what happens next ? ' 
 ` she wants blake to renounce his inheritance . ' 
 there is an electric pause . 
 the line crackles with it . 
 ` is he going to ? ' 
 ` yes . 
 yes , he is . ' 
 i hear him breathe a sigh of relief and then uncomfortable words start pouring out of my receiver . 
 ` thank god . 
 it 's not that i doubted him , it 's just - ' ` do n't worry , jack , ' i interrupt . 
 ` they are a cold , calculating bunch and i do n't blame you for thinking that . ' 
 i hold the note up and look at the message . 
 ` i 'm coming back . ' 
 ` do n't , jack . 
 you ca n't help . ' 
 ` no , i 'm coming back because i 'm of no use here . ' 
 ` what do you mean ? ' 
 ` i 'll tell you when i get back . ' 
 ` you 're not in any trouble , are you ? ' 
 ` no . 
 i just realized i 'm doing more harm than good . ' 
 ` all right , tell me when you get back . ' 
 in my mind another sentence forms . 
 after i get sorab back . 
 but i do n't say it . 
 it 's unnecessary . 
 as unnecessary as saying i miss kissing the wet crown of my son 's head as i lift him out of the bath . 
 the real pain , the deep pain is in my bone . 
 hidden in the marrow . 
 a ravenous thing , eating relentlessly , eating up the cells that hold me up . 
 when i put the phone down i tear away the post-it note . 
 the scrawl reads : the real target has to be me ! 
 i look in the mirror . 
 my eyes look frozen over . 
 twenty-eight blake law barrington ` wars should be directed so that the nations on both sides should be further in our debt . ' 
 - amschel mayer rothchild , frankfurt 1774 i swipe my hand on the steamed-up mirror and look at myself . 
 my eyes stare back , a hard blue . 
 i blink . 
 i look the same . 
 the corruption and the ugliness do n't show , but surely i must be morphing into something unspeakably ugly . 
 all my life i have manipulated laws and morals to advance myself and those of my class . 
 it was all real simple . 
 fake money , built upon fake money , built upon fake money . 
 we stole it all from right under your noses . 
 how ? 
 simply seize control of the top of any organization and the rest ... you followed like sheep . 
 you were so easily led , so wonderfully predictable . 
 so lacking in vision . 
 like a herd moving blindly , either with fear or hatred . 
 it was all so easy . 
 placate the deliberately dumbed down masses with entertainment . 
 hundreds of channels of mush and the mindless instructions to consume , consume , consume . 
 like an addict you saturated your minds with violence , p ** n ography , greed , hatred , selfishness and incessant bad news . 
 then ... oh look ... a terrorist . 
 he 's coming for you . 
 let 's put the whole world on militarized high alert . 
 let 's intimidate ! 
 and you rose to the bait . 
 or did you just look the other way ? 
 yeah , it was grotesque . 
 but you bought it . 
 even now you 're content with your subjugations , right ? 
 your illusions of security . 
 are your eyes glazing over ? 
 that 's why it was easy . 
 you made it easy . 
 yes , you . 
 feel the spike of shame ? 
 no ? 
 see , why it was so easy for me . 
 anyway ... one day , i went one step further . 
 i killed a man , one i called father . 
 struck daddy fatally when he least expected it . 
 and now i am being called upon to execute my sister . 
 and still i do not flinch . 
 is it because i woke up this morning and the pillow under my cheek was damp ? 
 i had cried in my sleep . 
 or is it simply because i am a monster , a sociopath ? 
 or is it rather just the law of the jungle ? 
 eat your opponent before he lays his table . 
 i am of the jungle . 
 i saw her setting her table . 
 i saw it in her eyes . 
 that flash of raw , vindictive hatred teetering on hysteria-unmissable . 
 once she fooled me . 
 i mistook calculated revenge for hurt and deep sadness , even madness , but now i am older and wiser . 
 i am a husband and a father and woe betide anyone who threatens harm to my little family . 
 this time i got her number . 
 yes , she will return sorab , but that will not be enough for her . 
 she is baying for my blood . 
 perhaps even theirs . 
 no , when i think about it , her revenge will only be complete when i am dead , and lana is a struggling widow that she can play with . 
 and she will . 
 like a cat with a mouse . 
 there is no other way around it . 
 i played softly , softly with her , but she will have none of it . 
 now the kid gloves come off . 
 when she looked at me , she was not looking at her lost love , but at a piece that stubbornly refused to conform to desire , to meld with her . 
 it was as if i was a part of her that had been denied her and she wanted it back . 
 she wanted it like mad . 
 until she has subjected me in whatever way her sick mind deemed would complete her she will not stop . 
 unless i rehash an old battle . 
 unless i stop her . 
 by killing her ... i leave the bathroom and go looking for my wife . 
 she is in the room she has designated as her new office . 
 she is on the phone and i stand at the entrance watching her . 
 in the last two days some change has come over her . 
 suddenly she seems to have thrown herself into her charity . 
 ` yes , i understand . 
 but we really do n't need them , ' she says , and puts the phone down . 
 i raise my eyebrows . 
 ` what 's your charity turning down ? ' 
 ` vaccines that are almost at the use by date . 
 a woman representing the pharmaceutical giants wanted to flog these vaccines to us . 
 and when i said no , she was willing to give them away for free . ' 
 she scrunches her forehead . 
 ` what 's that all about ? ' 
 i smile . 
 maybe another time i will tell her about that scam . 
 ` how are you ? ' 
 ` i 'm keeping busy , ' she says bravely , as two large tears roll down her face . 
 i wipe them away with my thumbs . 
 ` good . 
 you keep busy . 
 is billie coming over ? ' 
 ` yes , she 'll be here at ten . ' 
 ` good . ' 
 ` so you 're off to see jay . ' 
 ` yes . 
 i 'll call you after and let you know what 's going on . ' 
 ` could it be a trick ? ' ' 
 i do n't think so . ' 
 ` oh , my darling , i love you so much . ' 
 ` wait for my phone call . ' 
 ` always . ' 
 i kiss her on the forehead , breathe in the scent of her , to fortify me on the most difficult day of my life . 
 the meeting with jay is over quickly . 
 obviously , he thinks i 've taken leave of my senses-it is in every ` uh ' , ` um ' and uncomprehending pause that finds its way into his sentences . 
 but he is too discreet to come right out and say it . 
 i leave his office clutching copies of the papers victoria requested . 
 copies of sorab 's return , copies of my freedom from the world i somehow became trapped in . 
 i feel a flicker of excitement inside me , but i hold back . 
 too much can still go wrong . 
 i get outside on the street and a long black limousine with heavily tinted windows stops in front of me . 
 the back door closest to me opens . 
 i am not afraid of death . 
 i never have been . 
 i 'll do what i have to do to keep my family safe . 
 i bend down , look inside , take a deep breath , and get into it . 
 ` monfort , ' i state quietly . 
 ` and what should i call you ? ' 
 he asks tonelessly . 
 ` hopefully , you wo n't see me again , and that will be a moot question . ' 
 he smiles . 
 in the daylight his skin is particularly repulsive . 
 white and translucent , the veins grass green . 
 like the damp underside of a frog . 
 ` but you will see me again . ' 
 ` after today i 'm finished . ' 
 ` i 'm afraid your services are still required . 
 stepping off the train is a dangerous business . ' 
 i look at my platinum greubel forsey tourbillion , acquired for a cool half a million dollars at christie 's important watches auction two autumns ago . 
 i take it off and place the timepiece on the console between monfort and me . 
 to anybody not in the know the gesture is meaningless , but to the true insider and the practitioner of dark esoteric energy , he will understand it perfectly . 
 the gesture is unmistakable . 
 then i get out of the car , close the door , and begin to walk in the opposite direction . 
 ten yards away brian makes a u-turn and stops beside me . 
 i get in . 
 ` take me to that bitch , ' i say . 
 twenty-nine blake law barrington i turn away from the window when i hear her come in . 
 not fast . 
 slowly . 
 this is the last part . 
 i am almost free . 
 the lock on the chain is about to break . 
 the door closes behind her . 
 she is dressed in a black and white suit , and her trademark black pearls encircle her throat . 
 her hair is shining and loose around her shoulders . 
 our eyes meet . 
 it is impossible to think of her as anything else but my greatest enemy . 
 i hold out my phone . 
 she does n't say a word . 
 looks at the papers i have spread out on the plastic table , and takes the phone from me . 
 our fingers do n't touch . 
 she dials , waits for the connection and says just three words : ` the speculative woman . ' 
 then she ends the call and puts it down on the table between us . 
 i sit and so does she . 
 neither of us says anything . 
 after a while she picks up the papers that are on the table and casually , as if they are a magazine that she does not care too much for , glances through them . 
 i turn my head and look outside . 
 it is a beautiful day . 
 the sun is shining . 
 i am so tense i feel the tension inside my body wanting to manifest in some physical way . 
 i take shallow breaths and control myself . 
 the only sounds are of her flipping uninterestedly through the papers . 
 after a while even she can not be bothered to fake interest in them . 
 she tosses them on the table and looks in my direction . 
 i do n't turn to look at her so she , too , turns her head and looks out of the window twenty minutes later my phone rings . 
 my heart is thudding so loud she can probably hear it . 
 i pick it up and brian says , ` we got him . ' 
 ` thanks , ' i say , my voice sounding thick and guttural . 
 for the first time since brian called to say that sorab had been kidnapped that lump of ice in my chest melts . 
 i look up at her . 
 she is watching me curiously . 
 as if i am an oddity she can not understand . 
 or she is a child . 
 the look unnerves me . 
 i have arranged for her to be murdered . 
 she is my sister . 
 ` siblings used to kill each other for power and inheritance , ' she says . ' 
 i do n't want anything from your father . 
 it 's all yours . ' 
 ` sometimes siblings just want revenge . ' 
 ` is that what you want , victoria ? ' ' 
 i did . ' 
 ` what 's changed ? ' 
 ` you have friends in high places . ' 
 surprised , i stare at her . 
 ` what are you talking about ? ' 
 ` you did n't know , did you ? ' 
 ` know what ? ' 
 i can feel the tension coming back into my body . 
 ` they are not done with you . ' 
 and she smiles . 
 a cruel taunting smile . 
 ` you ca n't ride off into the sunset just yet , blake . ' 
 i stand . 
 ` are you ready to go ? ' 
 ` what do you think ? ' 
 ` let 's go then . ' 
 she takes the papers on the desk and i ring the bell . 
 the nurse comes and opens the door . 
 we walk to the reception desk . 
 the doctor is hovering about waiting for us . 
 i nod at him . 
 he nods back and smiles at victoria . 
 she smiles back and then we are walking out into the sunshine . 
 victoria lifts her face toward the sun and breathes a sigh of satisfaction . 
 i look at her . 
 she is my sister . 
 the thought is foreign . 
 i ca n't murder her . 
 she turns and looks at me . 
 ` if she had not come we would have mated and bred . 
 and produced something special . ' 
 i shudder inwardly . 
 ` we might have produced monsters . ' 
 she smiles . 
 ` you do n't understand . 
 that 's what they want . ' 
 a hired chauffeured bentley comes to a stop at the bottom of the steps . 
 ` here 's your ride . 
 goodbye , victoria . ' 
 she shrugs and walks down the rest of the steps and gets smoothly into the back of the car . 
 the driver closes the door and tips his head toward me before he drives off . 
 for a moment i stand on the steps and lift my face toward the warm rays of the sun as victoria had done . 
 i ca n't do it . 
 i ca n't kill another person in cold blood . 
 i take out my mobile and call him . 
 he picks up the call , but does not say anything . 
 ` abort the plan . 
 do you understand ? ' 
 ` yes . 
 plan aborted , ' the voice on the other side says quietly . 
 my breath comes out in a great rush of relief , ` thank you . ' 
 i feel a sudden shift inside me , a strange letting go . 
 all the actions that have brought me to this moment have been sanctioned by a higher power than their demonic god . 
 he did not win . 
 never once in my nightmares did the horse manage to break down the flimsiest of wooden doors and come to me . 
 and never again would he be able to . 
 i will take my little family and go where no one knows us . 
 victoria jane montgomery i get into the car and watch him through the window . 
 how very strange . 
 the voices in my head have all fallen totally silent . 
 could it be that i have left them all behind in that wretched place ? 
 i watch blake 's large , lightly tanned manly hand close the door-i 've always loved his hands-and a single tear rolls down from one eye . 
 i touch it and look at it with amazement . 
 i must still love him ... shame he will be dead soon . 
 a twinge of something hurts my heart , but i will not meddle with it . 
 it will make a sniveling , timorous coward out of me . 
 the car pulls away , and i turn back to look at him through the back window . 
 framed against the hospital he stands very still . 
 seems such a waste . 
 such a contradiction to kill that which you love so deeply . 
 such a beautiful man , too . 
 but i 'd rather stand by his grave , below a hill , where a sentinel cyprus tree stands guard and mourn a loss love than watch her victorious . 
 ` where are you taking me ? ' 
 i ask the driver . 
 ` longclere hall , lady victoria , ' he replies politely . 
 it will be good to see my parents again . 
 i sit back and can not help smiling . 
 i 'm out and i 'm free . 
 i look down at the papers in my hands . 
 i did it . 
 i crushed him and next i will crush her . 
 but her death will not come easy . 
 i will make her beg me to die . 
 i turn my head to look out of the window and my smile freezes . 
 a tall , souped up suv with large metal guards is speeding towards us . 
 they planned it well . 
 they knew which side i 'd be sitting in . 
 as it crashes into the side of the bentley with a sickening sound of crushing metal , and a white hot pain , my gasp simmers in the air . 
 once , a long time ago , i had a laugh like the tinkling of chandelier glass . 
 a sweet sound . 
 it 's not lost . 
 there it is in the distance , but coming nearer . 
 the light gets brighter and whiter than anything i have ever seen . 
 it 's a relief to let go . 
 thirty blake law barrington our highest truths are but half-truths ; think not to settle down forever in any truth . 
 make use of it as a tent in which to pass a summer 's night , but build no house of it , or it will be your tomb . 
 - earl balfour i watch the car bearing victoria move away from me until it turns the corner at the driveway and disappears from view . 
 across the road tom is waiting for me . 
 i take a step toward him , and i see a long black limousine , its windows tinted black , crawling toward me . 
 i am not afraid to die , i never have been . 
 it comes to a stop beside me . 
 i lift my face toward tom , let him know that all is fine . 
 perhaps i wo n't be long , but even if i am , all is fine . 
 i did the right thing . 
 no more will i bloody my sword . 
 i open the door and a blast of air-conditioned , gently perfumed air hits me in the face . 
 the perfume is disconcertingly familiar . 
 sick to my stomach , i bend my neck and look into the dim interior . 
 ` hello , blake , ' my mother says . 
 i look at her with dazed eyes . 
 in the rubbish and the flotsam of the memories discarded as unimportant , tiny events , little snippets of conversations , a look here , a gesture there , bubble to the top and demand recognition . 
 delicate nuances of a language i did not understand until now . 
 the darkened cold interior of the car yawns . 
 i fall into it , feeling sick to my stomach , and close the door with a soft click . ' 
 i killed the wrong parent , did n't i ? ' 
 she smiles . 
 ` you killed the right parent . 
 you just did n't kill the power behind the throne . ' 
 ` you ? ' 
 ` your father , as powerful as he was , was nothing more than the visible , coarser grains in the suspension of particles that is this war in our matterium . 
 power is never where you think it is , and never kept where one can see it . 
 the value of anonymity for continuous power is incalculable . 
 if you see something then you can reach out and take it . ' 
 i stare at her with astonishment . 
 i could not have been more amazed or shocked if she had grown horns . 
 nobody could ever have imagined that behind the scenes she is the hidden hand . 
 the invisible power in the grand scheme of things . 
 it is impossible for me to describe what i feel . 
 even the thought that my own mother is one of a handful of the most powerful people in the world , known only to the highest initiates , sitting at the pinnacle of the pyramid of world domination and directing the agenda of all the secret societies in the world , is too fantastical to believe . 
 and yet here she is . 
 ` why are you here ? ' 
 i ask , dazed . 
 ` your car is due for an accident . ' ' 
 i canceled the hit on victoria , ' i say dully . 
 ` we did not . ' 
 she glances at her watch . 
 ` it should have been done by now . ' 
 ` why ? ' 
 ` because her plan was to kill my son , then my grandson , and finally my dead son 's wife . ' 
 i am transfixed by her haughty , magisterial eyes . 
 something flashes into my mind , something indefinable . 
 fuck , there is just no escape . 
 no matter which way i turn , how far i run , i always end up at the same door . 
 i turn away from her and press my palms into my eyes . 
 oh , victoria , victoria ! 
 it seems you will have your revenge , after all . 
 ` would you like some iced tea ? ' 
 my mother offers kindly . 
 ` no , ' i say , slowly . 
 i take my palms away from my eyes and face her . 
 ` and what do you want in exchange ? ' ' 
 a successor . 
 a hidden hand to hold the power after me . ' 
 ` me ? ' 
 she shakes her head slowly . 
 ` it was never you . ' 
 something inside me shrivels and dies quietly , but my voice remains calm and distant . 
 ` why not one of marcus 's sons ? ' 
 she shakes her head again . 
 ` the die was cast . 
 by you . ' 
 ` no , ' i state firmly . 
 ` you ca n't have sorab . ' 
 ` he is not yours to give . 
 children come through us but they do not belong to us . 
 the decision to join us is his to make . ' 
 ` he wo n't join you . 
 i will teach him different from what i was taught . 
 i will bring him up to know right from wrong . ' 
 she nods as if conceding . 
 ` by all means . 
 you may educate him in any way you wish , but if he decides , when he is able to , to join us , you must not stand in his way . 
 that is all i ask . ' 
 ` why would he ever want to join a brotherhood of death and destruction if he had choice ? ' 
 ` you have your role to play . 
 i have mine . 
 he has his . ' 
 ` and if i agree , you will leave my family alone . ' 
 ` until sorab is eighteen , we will never contact him . ' 
 ` what will you do ? 
 trap him into committing some crime or scandal and then blackmail him ? ' 
 ` no . 
 that wo n't be necessary . ' 
 i frown . 
 ` offer him money , power and prestige ? ' 
 she seems amused . 
 ` sorab is a catalyst . 
 offering him such things would be a waste of time . ' 
 ` what then ? ' 
 i ask , frustrated . 
 ` i 'm afraid i ca n't tell you more . ' 
 ` thanks , mother . ' 
 she smiles gently . 
 ` it 's all a beautiful and intricate game . 
 be courageous in the path you have chosen . 
 there is nothing to fear . 
 you have within yourself all that you wish to become and much more that you can not yet even imagine . 
 may our infinite creator bless and guide your path . ' 
 i can hardly recognize her . 
 i have only ever known her for malicious wit and vicious gossip , the spoilt wife of an astoundingly rich man , the unrivaled queen of the kingdom of snobbery . 
 the transformation is too great to comprehend . 
 ` why have you chosen the path you have ? ' 
 she looks at me as if i was a child again . 
 i can barely remember her like this . 
 perhaps one little memory when i was five survives the brutality of my upbringing . ' 
 i was born into it . 
 we are obliged . 
 it is our divine destiny and we play the part given to us by our creator . 
 we help prepare the harvest , by separating the wheat from the chaff , for want of a more eloquent metaphor . 
 if there were no protagonists in this world , there would be no opportunity for a human soul to choose ` good ' over ` evil ' . 
 the negativity we perpetuate is a tool . 
 everything is a tool . 
 this conversation is a tool . 
 use it as such . ' 
 ` but the wars , the wanton destruction of water , air and earth-where is the choice there ? ' 
 i ask . 
 ` we are the hidden hands . 
 our job is to provide the catalyst . 
 yours is to use it . 
 violence , war , hatred , green control , enslavement , genocide , torture , moral degradation , prostitution , drugs-all these things and more , they serve our purpose . 
 what do you do in relation to our urgings ? 
 will you succumb to the darkness or will you stand and shine your inner light ? 
 if i put a gun in your hand , i am giving you a tool . 
 it has the potential to be either positive or negative . 
 the outcome depends on you . ' 
 i drop my face into my hands . 
 my heart feels so heavy . 
 ` remember always that it is just a game . 
 no one really gets hurt or dies . 
 offstage we are all the best of friends . ' 
 i turn on her angrily . 
 ` dress it up all you want . 
 i do n't want sorab to play catalyst . 
 i want him to have a normal life . ' 
 ` can you look beyond what your eyes are showing you ? 
 express love and happiness in a world of fear and darkness , and if you can , you will be as a beacon of light into the darkness . ' 
 i look at her . 
 ` all right . 
 i take up your challenge . 
 we 'll see who gets sorab . ' 
 ` goodbye , blake . ' 
 she presses a button and the car comes to a stop . 
 i get out and close the door and the car moves away . 
 thirty-one lana barrington how can i describe that moment brian brought sorab back to me ? 
 i had been told to stay indoors , and i was standing at the window that looks out to the gate when i saw them . 
 oh ! 
 i wanted to cry or call out to sorab , but i could n't . 
 i was so happy i lost my voice . 
 there was not a word i could say . 
 i turned around and ran to the front door . 
 and it was sorab who spoke first . 
 ` mummy , ' he said . 
 i burst into tears . 
 i could n't help it . 
 i grabbed him from brian and squeezed him so hard he squealed . 
 then he held onto my neck and said , ` sorab home . ' 
 ` oh , darling . 
 yes , you are . 
 you are home . ' 
 he waved at our housekeeper and he blew geraldine a shy flying kiss but he would n't leave me . 
 i would n't have let him go to anyone else anyway . 
 i took him inside and he was hungry , poor thing . 
 we made him scrambled eggs and a slice of toast and afterwards i let him have a red lollipop . 
 i was so happy but all the time i kept glancing at the phone . 
 finally , blake calls to say he is on his way home . 
 his voice trembles with emotion . 
 ` are you happy , lana ? ' 
 ` yes , i 'm happy . ' 
 ` good , ' he says softly . 
 ` is everything all right , blake ? ' 
 ` yes , everything is just fine . ' 
 and i laugh , a shaky , nervous , overjoyed sound . 
 i feel as if we are just starting again . 
 we 've been given a second chance . 
 ` say hello to sorab , ' i say and hold the phone to his ear . 
 i do n't know what he says , but sorab listens intently and suddenly grins . 
 i am still holding sorab pressed against my body when our housekeeper comes in with a slim black box . 
 ` someone dropped this off at the front gate , ' she tells me . 
 i take the box from her curiously , snap it open and frown . 
 inside , nestled on velvet , is blake 's watch . 
 epilogue ` time and the ocean and some guiding star and high cabal have made us what we are . ' 
 - sir winston churchill , prime minister , uk , 1940-1945 and 1951-1955 the woman awakens to the sound of a child 's laughter floating in through the open windows . 
 she smiles and stretches , then strokes her belly . 
 it is just beginning to show . 
 a very small bump . 
 she sits up and , hooking her feet into slippers , goes to the window . 
 she can see her husband and son at the bottom of the garden . 
 the boy is perched on his father 's shoulders and trying to peer into a bird 's nest . 
 she has the urge to run to them , but she does n't . 
 instead she savors that scene , a moment of beauty and joy . 
 we have survived something so profound that it has bound us together like a tightly woven rope , she thinks . 
 we are n't the same fun-loving innocent people we once were but we are finally free . 
 suddenly overwhelmed by emotion she finds herself running out of the bedroom and down the stairs like a child . 
 hurtling towards them . 
 at the double doors that lead to the garden she takes off her slippers and steps lightly on the tiles . 
 they are already sun warmed . 
 it is a beautiful day and there is not a cloud in the sky . 
 the grass is cool under her feet . 
 before the man or the child have realized , she is already there . 
 she throws her arms tightly around his waist and lays her cheek against his warm shirt . 
 he stumbles forwards slightly with surprise and her son squeals . 
 ` oh , mummy , ' he scolds , ` you 're going to make daddy and i fall down . ' 
 ` daddy and me , ' she corrects automatically . 
 her husband does n't say anything , just looks down indulgently at her . 
 ` what are the two of you doing ? ' 
 ` we 're looking at bird 's eggs , but we 're not allowed to touch them . ' 
 ` that 's it , ' her husband says and puts the boy on the ground . 
 then he turns around fully to look at her . 
 ` hey , gorgeous , ' he says to her . 
 ` you have no idea how often i dreamed of this day , ' she says . 
 ` look , daddy . 
 i found a beetle , ' the boy cries and holds out his cupped palms . 
 ` be careful , sorab , ' his father warns . 
 ` you do n't want to kill it . 
 even the lowly beetle 's life is precious to it . ' 
 the woman raises her eyebrow . 
 ` do n't you think it 's a bit early for philosophy lessons ? ' 
 ` no , ' says the man . 
 ` it 's never too early for him to learn wrong from right . ' 
 ` but mummy kills ants all the time , ' the boy says . 
 ` well , ' sighs the man . 
 ` mummy only kills them when they come into the house and make a nuisance of themselves . ' 
 the boy opens his hand and the beetle flies out of it . 
 he begins to run after it and the man turns to his woman . 
 ` do you ever miss that other life , blake ? ' 
 ` never , ' he states emphatically . 
 ` nothing at all ? ' 
 he lays his hand on his wife 's belly and spreads his fingers out . 
 ` you are more beautiful to me today than ever . ' 
 ` answer the question , ' she teases . 
 he looks into her eyes and makes a mental note of their color , how it has deepened with her pregnancy . 
 ` oh lana , lana , lana , ' he sighs softly . 
 ` when i met you , my heart was a blank canvas . 
 now , it is a kaleidoscope of color , rich and eternal . ' 
 she smiles and lets his words warm her insides . 
 this is just the beginning ... because this is a totally reader-generated effort - here is another constant reader request . 
