 chapter one fallout `` tell me about hunter . '' 
 i sat up on the plush tan couch in dr. schwartz 's office and tried to catch my breath . 
 the spasming muscles in my chest fought back bitterly . 
 hunter . 
 the mention of his name was enough to drive me to the edge of a panic attack . 
 `` lorrie ? 
 would you like something ? '' 
 i shook my head and lay back down . 
 the room was painted in creamy off-white and lit by lamps that glowed in soothing tones . 
 every decorative choice had been made with the goal of calming patients down . 
 patients like me . 
 the only exception to this rule was the ticking made by the clock on dr. schwartz 's stained ash desk , in front of which she was seated . 
 by my guess she was about a yard from where my feet were on the couch . 
 that ticking sound i could do without . 
 its steadiness made me nervous . 
 my thoughts raced anxiously as i thought about how to answer her . 
 i 'd just told her about everything that had happened in the days before i left studsen . 
 my face felt warm . 
 the intensity of reliving all of that after days of lying numb in bed and trying not to feel anything was exhausting . 
 now she was asking about hunter . 
 how should i answer that ? 
 he made me feel the best i 'd ever felt . 
 and the worst . 
 it did n't really matter what i thought about him at this point . 
 i was probably never going to see him again . 
 `` lorrie ? '' 
 dr. schwartz asked , after a little while . 
 `` can you tell me more about hunter ? 
 you can start anywhere . '' 
 i took a deep breath again , the tension in my chest fighting back . 
 moisture started welling up in my eyes to my frustration . 
 it would be messy if i cried . 
 that morning i 'd gotten a little enthusiastic with my makeup in anticipation of actually leaving the house for the first time since i 'd returned to indiana . 
 it probably had n't been the best idea to make myself up right before going to my therapist . 
 `` can i have a tissue ? '' 
 i said , my voice quivering . 
 she handed me a tissue and i dabbed at my eyes , trying to get a hold of myself . 
 my ribs seized against every attempt to fill my lungs . 
 i 'd been numb all week , but it was hard to hold back the emotions now . 
 reality was settling in . 
 i had left him beaten and broken . 
 hunter was out of my life and no one was going to save me from this nightmare . 
 `` he keeps his apartment very clean , '' i said finally . 
 `` and he smells good . '' 
 the clock ticked and my heart beat erratically . 
 dr. schwartz sat listening . 
 after a few more deep breaths and who knows how many ticks of the clock on her desk , i continued . 
 `` he took me to his apartment after he saved me when i fell in a lake , '' i said in a small voice . 
 `` that 's how we met . 
 his place was so neat and tidy . 
 it was n't what i expected when i first saw him . '' 
 i almost smiled lying on the couch and thinking about that first day . 
 i 'd scurried across campus with his trash bag because i could n't find a place to throw it out . 
 my hands had been absolutely freezing by the time i got back to my dorm and threw it away . 
 when i got back to my dorm room , i realized the sweatshirt i stole from him smelled wonderful . 
 i lounged around in it for the rest of the day and had n't even taken it off to sleep that night . 
 that was so long ago . 
 dr. schwartz nodded encouragement . 
 `` what did you expect when you went to hunter 's apartment ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` picture him for me on that day . 
 what does he look like ? '' 
 `` he looks like a bad boy ... '' i started . 
 tears again threatened to burst through , and i took a minute to calm myself . 
 `` but he 's ... '' i tried to get more out , but every time i started to form a word i came close to crying . 
 my entire body felt like a dam ready to burst . 
 `` i knew things would get messed up between us , '' i croaked finally . 
 `` that 's why i tried to hold back . '' 
 my therapist looked at me over her horn-rimmed glasses and her face screwed up at my last statement . 
 she wrote something on her pad and nodded to herself . 
 i watched her for a moment , hoping this would be one of the rare times she said something , but she sat back in her chair and continued to gaze at me patiently . 
 she had straight , graying hair that stopped just above her shoulders and was wearing her usual business suit , this time in herringbone . 
 after a while i realized she was n't going to tell me what she had nodded about . 
 i did n't feel like volunteering any more about hunter , and so we sat there in silence for a couple minutes , each second marked out by the interminable clock on her desk . 
 the crushing numbness of the last few days began to return , along with my confusion . 
 every time i thought about what happened with hunter , i hit a wall . 
 we probably should have never gotten involved . 
 either i should have been stronger and stayed away , or i should have admitted my feelings for him sooner . 
 what had happened had been a disaster . 
 it was exhausting to talk about it . 
 the only other person i had told about what had happened was daniela . 
 `` let 's back up , '' my therapist said , breaking the silence . 
 `` tell me about your semester . 
 how was it for you being back at school ? '' 
 i took a deep breath , a little more freely this time . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said . 
 `` hard , i guess . 
 classes were going okay but not great before the letter . 
 i was drawing a lot . 
 all i wanted was to be a normal student for one semester without any breakdowns . '' 
 another silence followed , punctuated only by the clock . 
 when i first started seeing dr. schwartz , silences like these made me feel awkward , but by this point i accepted them . 
 she was just being patient and making sure i had nothing else to say . 
 this was n't a conversation . 
 it was therapy . 
 `` you 've talked about getting back to normal before , '' she said . 
 `` do you think you would have had a normal semester if you had n't met hunter ? '' 
 i flinched inwardly at his name . 
 `` maybe . 
 i guess i 'll never know . '' 
 she waited . 
 `` i would have gotten the letter from marco either way , '' i said quietly , half to myself . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 that would have been bad with or without hunter . 
 marco 's going to haunt me forever , i think . '' 
 there was another pause . 
 the clock ticked as i got more and more frustrated with everything that had happened . 
 a terrible crushing sensation pressed against my chest and it was getting difficult to breathe . 
 `` seriously , what the hell ? '' 
 i cried . 
 `` who has to deal with someone ruining their life like this ? 
 it 's ridiculous , is n't it ? 
 why would he write me a letter ? '' 
 i clenched my jaw bitterly . 
 every time i thought about marco it got me worked up . 
 `` what did hunter do after you got the letter from your stepfather ? '' 
 dr. schwartz asked . 
 i pressed my knees together and bit my lip . 
 `` nothing . 
 he never found out . '' 
 `` oh . 
 did you hide it from him ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` we did n't really talk for a few days . 
 i have no idea why he did n't contact me . '' 
 i bit my tongue before saying any more . 
 the way things had happened in my last few days at arrowhart made me upset and confused . 
 dr. schwartz did n't say anything , so i changed the subject back to marco . 
 `` i just do n't understand why he 's out to ruin my life , '' i said . 
 `` how can you be normal when someone killed your mom , basically killed your dad , and then holds it over you like some kind of psychopath ? 
 and i 'll never know why he did it . '' 
 another minute was punctuated by the steady clock . 
 my pulse raced faster and faster . 
 `` how am i supposed to feel ? '' 
 i cried , before sighing with frustration . 
 then i pushed my lips together and stayed quiet until she spoke . 
 `` do you think you would feel better about what happened to your parents if you knew why marco killed your mother ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i said instantly . 
 `` have you asked him ? '' 
 my stomach sank . 
 ask him ? 
 like he was just going to tell me after showing no remorse even during sentencing ? 
 the clock ticked . 
 dr. schwartz was waiting for my answer . 
 `` they asked him during the trial , '' i tried . 
 `` interrogated . 
 even during sentencing . '' 
 more time passed . 
 `` so then i understand you have not asked him personally . 
 it might be worth considering . 
 i know it would be deeply painful , but if you get answers it could be worthwhile . 
 he may respond differently to your personal request than he did in a legal setting . '' 
 i took a few deep breaths . 
 the prospect of writing marco a letter back , even if it was just that question , was daunting . 
 i really just wanted him and everything he did to me to go away . 
 `` i 'd like to return to hunter , '' she said after a few more ticks of the interminable clock had passed . 
 `` are you angry because he was n't there to support you when you got the letter from marco ? '' 
 her voice was irritatingly steady , calm , and really getting on my nerves . 
 `` i thought this was about marco , '' i said through my teeth . 
 my therapist did n't answer . 
 i sat up to look at her and found she was staring at me neutrally . 
 frustrated , i let myself fall back down and breathed out . 
 `` i do n't want to talk about hunter right now , '' i said , my voice beginning to shake . 
 i tried changing the subject . 
 `` the most positive thing about the semester has been my drawing . 
 that was basically the only thing i was good at . '' 
 i poked my head up and looked at her . 
 nothing . 
 i might as well have been talking to an empty room . 
 the emotion that had been bound up in my body threatened to overflow . 
 i let myself back down onto the couch harder than i 'd meant to . 
 `` maybe i should n't have gone back to arrowhart , '' i said . 
 `` what happened after i got the letter was scary . '' 
 i chanced a glance at her and found the same attentive gaze . 
 `` it was like i could n't quite wake up from a bad nightmare , '' i said . 
 `` for a while , i kept hearing or seeing marco and then realizing it was just in my head . '' 
 there was n't much else to say . 
 once i 'd read the letter from marco i was basically useless for a few days . 
 i had n't even been able to read the questions on my psychology test . 
 i had to recover . 
 dr. schwartz frowned . 
 `` i was worried when you left about the possibility of post-traumatic stress symptoms like those you 've described . 
 of course , i did n't anticipate a trigger as direct as the one you received . 
 it sounds like it took quite a toll on you . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` thank you for sharing that . 
 however , you avoided my question . 
 are you angry with hunter ? '' 
 `` why do you keep trying to make this about him ? '' 
 i snapped , blinking away fresh tears . 
 `` i told you i do n't want to talk about that . '' 
 she paused for a moment before answering my question . 
 `` because you 're willing to talk about anything to avoid talking about hunter , lorrie . 
 you 're avoiding something important . '' 
 i bit my lip , waiting for her to say more , but nothing came . 
 i took a few ragged breaths , trying to steady myself . 
 tears welled up big in my eyes and began to roll down my cheeks until a massive sob built up in my chest and crashed through my body . 
 tears that had been building up since the moment i left studsen poured out faster than i could wipe them . 
 the whole situation was just too much . 
 every time i tried to process it , i was overwhelmed . 
 when i looked toward dr. schwartz , i saw she had extended the tissue box to me . 
 i tried to use a tissue to clean myself up , but it was no use . 
 so much for looking presentable . 
 as soon as i pulled the tissue box away , tears began to stream from my eyes anew . 
 `` i do n't know if i 'm angry at hunter or just confused , '' i mumbled unsteadily . 
 `` the whole thing does n't make any sense . '' 
 for the first time since the appointment started , i wondered how long i had left before we were done for the day . 
 `` i mean , what was i supposed to do ? 
 after he left me crying in front of the health center , i waited at his apartment to talk to him for hours . 
 i could n't have waited any longer . '' 
 the clock ticked . 
 again and again . 
 `` do you feel guilty , lorrie ? '' 
 anxious chills squirmed through my body . 
 i had been arguing with myself for a week , trying to find a way this was n't my fault . 
 even if i did n't deserve all the blame , maybe i did feel guilty . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said , my voice barely my own . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 after a short silence , i continued . 
 `` i should n't have left him when he was hurt . 
 that 's what i feel bad about . 
 i should have stuck around and talked to him . 
 made sure he was okay . '' 
 my stomach was queasy . 
 saying the words i 'd been feeling in the back of my mind was both liberating and upsetting . 
 fresh tears came , and this time i did n't even try to stop them . 
 `` but i did n't know what to do , '' i said again . 
 `` it 's alright to be confused , '' my therapist said . 
 `` but you should n't be avoiding what happened either . 
 is that all you feel guilty about ? 
 the way you left , i mean . '' 
 i licked my lips , thinking about how i wanted to phrase my answer to that question . 
 `` well , and getting involved in the first place , '' i tried . 
 i thought of what gary had said at the fight . 
 had our relationship always been unhealthy ? 
 `` like i said before , i should have either backed off totally or started a relationship sooner . 
 the way i handled it was kind of the worst of both worlds . '' 
 she squinted . 
 `` why do you think you should have backed off ? '' 
 `` i just do n't know if i was ready . 
 if you have a breakdown in a relationship , you end up taking the other person with you . '' 
 `` you think you dragged hunter down with you after the letter ? '' 
 i wiped my face with the back of my hand . 
 now i was getting confused again . 
 `` no . 
 i do n't know . 
 when we started dating we stayed at his apartment for four days straight . 
 skipped our classes and anything else we were supposed to do . 
 did n't even go outside . 
 i do n't think that was good for us . '' 
 `` why do you think you retreated like that ? '' 
 i thought about it for a moment . 
 `` i guess because it took us so long to realize our feelings that we had a lot pent up . '' 
 dr. schwartz 's pen clicked and she wrote something for a moment before speaking . 
 `` do you think he dragged you down ? '' 
 i closed my eyes . 
 this was exhausting . 
 `` maybe . 
 his friends made it sound like he has something that 's weighing him down too . 
 i do n't know . 
 maybe two messed up people like us ca n't ever work out . '' 
 the pen scratched at the pad a little more before i heard her set it down on the desk and opened my eyes . 
 when i sat up and looked at her , i saw she was staring at me intensely , her lips pursed . 
 were we finally done for the day ? 
 i did n't think i could keep talking about hunter any more . 
 `` that 's all for today , lorrie . 
 however , before you go , i do think i should ask you to think about whether two people who have dealt with a lot of tragedy in their lives might be better equipped to support each other . 
 there 's no right answer to that question , but i think you should stop and consider it before assuming you have the answer already . '' 
 i nodded but did n't say anything . 
 her words might as well have been in another language . 
 it had been a long session , and i was completely and utterly drained . 
 at least i was n't crying anymore . 
 `` and for what it 's worth , i do n't think this is the last you 've seen of hunter . '' 
 i sighed , staring at her blankly . 
 i did n't want to think about hunter . 
 i did n't want to think about anything . 
 taking the cue that the session was over , i rose shakily onto my feet . 
 after a half-mumbled goodbye , i walked out of her office . 
 i was beyond glad that we were done for the day . 
 i looked up at the clock in the waiting area and saw there were still ten minutes left before my uncle was due to pick me up . 
 taking a deep breath , i sat down before realizing this gave me time to clean myself up . 
 i hopped back up and went to the bathroom to clean off my makeup . 
 as i stared at my sunken eyes in the bathroom mirror , i could n't help but play dr. schwartz 's words over and over in my head . 
 was she right ? 
 more importantly , did i want her to be right ? 
 chapter two a new home uncle stewart 's charcoal gray buick sedan had pulled up to the curb when i came out . 
 the sky was gray and sprinkling early april rain , so i was relieved he pulled up rather than parking in the lot and making me walk . 
 `` how was it ? '' 
 he asked , as soon as i was safely inside . 
 he was wearing a black fleece with his company 's logo over a white oxford shirt and pleated chinos . 
 it was his work outfit . 
 he had just gotten off . 
 `` pretty good , '' i answered , deciding to simplify things . 
 in reality , my mind was in a million places and i felt like my body had been emptied of tears . 
 he nodded , pursed his lips , and began driving me the twenty minutes home . 
 my uncle was typically a quiet man , so for him to even ask me about my appointment was a little unusual . 
 he and my aunt were very worried about the way i 'd been acting since i got back to their house . 
 i could almost hear my aunt asking me delicately if i might be sleeping too much . 
 i looked over to see if he was going to say anything more , but his eyes were focused on the road . 
 uncle stewart was a salesman who had to do a lot of driving for meetings . 
 normally he appeared very comfortable behind the wheel , but today he was a little more on edge . 
 his forehead had wrinkled and his grip on the steering wheel was viselike . 
 i decided to tell him a little more to see if he would relax . 
 `` i think dr. schwartz actually gave me a lot to think about , '' i said , trying to sound cheerful . 
 `` good ! '' 
 he said , glancing over at me before returning his eyes to the road . 
 i could n't tell for sure , but it did seem like he relaxed a little bit . 
 i turned to look out the window . 
 living with my aunt and uncle had its smothering moments , but i was glad to have somewhere to go . 
 they loved me as one of their own , and i was very thankful for that . 
 i got back to thinking about what dr. schwartz had said . 
 was i thinking about hunter the wrong way ? 
 i wished i knew what he was dealing with , but he 'd refused to tell me . 
 whatever it was , it was in the past now . 
 i let out a deep breath . 
 `` what 's for dinner ? '' 
 i asked my uncle . 
 `` not sure what your aunt is cooking , '' he said . 
 `` probably wo n't be ready for a while though . 
 she just got home . 
 joel and billy had something after school and she was helping out . '' 
 he seemed to think for a moment . 
 `` if you 're hungry we can stop for something on the way home . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no , that 's okay . 
 i do n't want to fill up before dinner . '' 
 `` are you sure ? 
 you have n't been eating much lately . '' 
 his words made my stomach sink and i grimaced . 
 my poor aunt and uncle were obsessively worried about me . 
 `` yes , i 'm sure , '' i said . 
 `` eating aunt caroline 's home cooking will make me feel better than stuffing my face with fast food . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` you 're right . 
 just trying to make sure you do n't feel like we 're starving you , that 's all . '' 
 i laughed . 
 my aunt was constantly pushing food on me . 
 anything so long as it was rich and smelled good . 
 i just had n't been hungry since i 'd gotten back from studsen . 
 `` not sure how i could ever think that . '' 
 my uncle smiled . 
 `` looks like talking to dr. schwartz really did help . 
 this is the most lively i 've seen you since you came back . '' 
 i pursed my lips . 
 `` yeah , maybe . 
 i still have a lot to figure out . '' 
 he seemed to consider this . 
 `` okay . 
 well , your aunt and i just want the best for you . 
 if there 's anything we can do to help , we will . '' 
 it was my turn to nod . 
 this was n't the first time we 'd had this talk . 
 `` okay . 
 thank you . 
 i 'll let you guys know if there 's anything you can do . 
 right now i think i just need a little space to think . '' 
 `` okay . 
 if there 's anything else , do n't hesitate . '' 
 i turned and looked out the window at the passing houses , each one mostly like the last . 
 the roads were still wet , but it looked like the rain had at least stopped . 
 in fact , the sun was even beginning to peek out . 
 i was pretty sure we were getting close to the perkins house . 
 or home , i still could n't decide . 
 i did n't really have a place that felt like home at that moment . 
 how long was i going to be living in eltingville with my aunt and uncle ? 
 it was wonderful to be able to come back here when i was having a hard time , but i could n't stay forever . 
 at some point i had to become a self-sustaining adult with a life of my own , even if i never totally got over what happened to my parents . 
 this was a rut i needed to get out of , and part of getting out was going to be cutting myself free of everything unresolved that had happened in the last few months . 
 there was no point in having yet more baggage dragging me down . 
 maybe talking to hunter one more time would be for the best . 
 i took a deep breath , my heart racing already at the prospect . 
 `` actually there is one thing . 
 i should probably get a new phone soon , so i do n't completely lose touch with the friends i made at school . '' 
 `` good idea , '' my uncle said quickly . 
 `` maybe we can go to the store after dinner tonight . 
 if not tonight , tomorrow . 
 do n't want to keep you from your friends . '' 
 `` sounds great , '' i said , leaning back in my chair . 
 `` thanks so much . '' 
 a chill ran through my body . 
 was it too late to work stuff out with hunter ? 
 probably , but i could at least make sure he was okay . 
 there might even be a chance to find out what had happened the last couple weeks . 
 maybe i could call him the next day . 
 or that weekend . 
 soon , anyway . 
 we turned onto the street the perkins lived on . 
 i was feeling pretty hungry , actually . 
 maybe i would have a tiny snack before dinner . 
 just some chips or something . 
 nothing big . 
 i did n't know what the perkins family usually had for snacks . 
 `` wonder whose car that is , '' my uncle said . 
 i snapped out of my dreams of salty goodness and looked out the window . 
 there was a beat-up old car the size of a small boat parked in front of the perkins house . 
 my stomach churned with dread . 
 i knew who it was before we even pulled up . 
 he was standing at the front door talking with aunt caroline , his head down . 
 from the expression on my aunt 's face , the conversation looked serious . 
 it could only be one person . 
 chapter three healthy i opened the door and got out of the car shakily . 
 hunter turned around . 
 my insides dropped in freefall . 
 i blinked , and an image of the last time i saw him flashed through my mind . 
 he looked better now , but a bandage stretched across the bridge of his nose and there were multiple cuts in various stages of healing on his face . 
 the skin around his left eye was a deep shade of purple . 
 under the weight of all the emotion , i had trouble standing up . 
 i leaned against the door of the car to stay upright . 
 what should i say ? 
 i wanted to run into his arms and bury my face in his chest and flee the scene all at the same time . 
 how did he find me ? 
 why was he here ? 
 `` hunter ... '' his name caught in my throat and came out half-mumbled . 
 i tried again to say it more clearly but found i could n't keep my voice steady . 
 i did n't want to burst into tears . 
 not now . 
 not yet . 
 his glimmering eyes met mine , a boyish smile tinged with sadness crinkling his face . 
 `` hey , '' he said quietly . 
 i bit my lip , casting my eyes downward . 
 uncle stewart cleared his throat uncomfortably . 
 `` looks like you kids have a lot to talk about . 
 i 'll be inside with your aunt . '' 
 he gave a curt nod to hunter before walking into the house . 
 i watched uncle stewart leaving with a mixed feeling of relief and dread . 
 aunt caroline gave me a smile and encouraging nod . 
 hunter and i would be alone . 
 we were finally getting a chance to talk . 
 before i left studsen , i thought that this was what i wanted , but now that the moment was here , i wanted desperately to run away . 
 i swallowed and took a shuddering breath . 
 lips trembling , i tried again . 
 `` hunter , i - '' it felt like my throat was swollen , and i just could n't get the rest of the words out . 
 warm tears welled in my eyes , streaking down my face . 
 hunter took a few long strides and was suddenly in front of me , enveloping me in his scent . 
 his arms wrapped around me tightly and held me to his body . 
 the familiarity of being in his embrace drove spikes of pain and regret through my heart . 
 i pushed him away gently after a moment and searched his eyes . 
 hunter brought the back of his hand up to my face , tenderly smearing away the wetness . 
 `` i 'm sorry for this , '' he said , his voice choked with emotion . 
 `` i 'm sorry i made you so upset . 
 please give me a chance . 
 i-i know i do n't deserve it . '' 
 words started tumbling out of my mouth , tripping over each other . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i slurred , the tears falling faster . 
 `` i 'm so sorry ... i wanted to stay and talk and i went to your place and then i waited but - '' he held on to me tighter and i buried my face into his soft hoodie again . 
 `` i never meant to leave you like that after your fight , '' i continued . 
 `` i failed all my classes and i was confused and i did n't know what to do but you were n't there and then gary said ... '' hunter held me close , rocking me slightly , not saying anything . 
 my tears dampened the fabric of his hoodie , spreading to form a large wet spot . 
 i could feel the warmth of his body seeping through his clothing , enveloping me . 
 his voice rumbled softly through his chest , like low thunder . 
 `` it was n't your fault . 
 i shoulda been there for you , i shoulda told you what was going on but ... i just - '' he sighed and shook his head . 
 i held onto him for a moment longer and then looked up into his face . 
 his eyes were bright , even though his face was battered . 
 `` can we walk a bit ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i nodded , sniffling and still recovering from the shock of seeing him . 
 the pulse pounding through my ears was almost deafening . 
 there were so many questions running through my head , so much i did n't understand . 
 why had he come out of the hospital with ada ? 
 had he been hurt ? 
 how come he did n't tell me ? 
 why had hunter been fighting the day i left studsen ? 
 was it because of the breakup letter i left him ? 
 if it was , then why was he being so sweet to me now ? 
 hunter grabbed my hand and we walked down the path behind aunt caroline 's house , which led to a light wooded area . 
 the sensation of his skin against mine jolted through me and almost led to another fresh round of tears . 
 touching him was a painful reminder of what we had lost , but i did n't want to pull my hand away . 
 we continued walking slowly in silence for a while until we were deeper into the woods . 
 the mid-afternoon sunlight streamed through the trees , making patterns on the ground . 
 the leaves on the trees were budding fresh for springtime , and there was a chill in the air . 
 it almost reminded me of the area around lake teewee where i had first met hunter . 
 he looked over at me and smiled sadly . 
 his lips parted as if to say something , but he shook his head and looked away . 
 it was stupid , but my eyes immediately flicked to his lips , wanting to feel them on mine again . 
 i blinked away the stinging in my eyes . 
 it broke my heart to have him treat me so well after how things between us had ended . 
 i wanted him to yell at me , to blame me , to hate me . 
 at least that would have been easier to understand . 
 we finally stopped at a clearing . 
 hunter let go of my hand and sat down on a small rock . 
 i sat down on the larger one opposite him . 
 our knees were only inches apart , and the slight warmth of his legs against mine made me anxious . 
 `` gary said you came to the fight , '' he said . 
 `` i guess you saw everything , huh ? '' 
 thinking about the fight was painful . 
 images of hunter 's broken body falling to the mat flashed through my mind . 
 i closed my eyes and sucked in a deep breath , refusing to let myself cry . 
 `` i saw the end of it . 
 why did you take that fight last minute ? 
 gary said it was my fault . '' 
 a tortured mix of emotions contorted his face . 
 `` no , it was my fault . 
 i thought i 'd lost you and needed to take out my anger . 
 i thought i could take the guy and did n't really care if i could n't . 
 i wanted to try . 
 needed to . '' 
 my vision blurred as fresh tears came to my eyes . 
 i blinked them away . 
 `` i 'm sorry i left , hunter , but i-i just could n't stay in studsen anymore . '' 
 `` i do n't blame you for leaving the way you did . 
 after the dumbass way i handled things , i do n't blame you at all . '' 
 i did n't say anything . 
 maybe he did n't blame me , but i was at least partially responsible . 
 i let out a deep breath and the air fogged lightly in front of me . 
 hunter did n't say anything , but i did n't know what else to say either . 
 my fingers tingled with anxiety . 
 i knew he did n't drive to indiana to take a walk with me . 
 we sat in silence , listening to the sporadic chirping of birds . 
 after a while he exhaled sharply and shifted on the rock he was perched on . 
 `` listen lorrie , that day when you saw ada and i coming outta the hospital , i was n't trying to avoid you . '' 
 i looked away from him , remembering the frustration i had felt that day . 
 `` i waited at your place for hours , hunter . '' 
 when i turned back to him , his face looked pained . 
 `` i went to look for you and i could n't find you , so i freaked out , '' he said , his eyes searching mine . 
 `` then i went over to gary 's to talk about what to do , and we ended up getting wasted . '' 
 i shook my head in disbelief . 
 it was so stupid . 
 i was waiting in his apartment for him and he was out looking for me everywhere else . 
 then , rather than come home , he got drunk with his friend . 
 `` okay , fine , but why were you in the hospital with ada in the first place ? 
 did something happen to you ? 
 are you-are you okay ? '' 
 `` huh ? 
 yeah , i 'm fine . '' 
 hunter 's grey eyes darted to me and then away . 
 his shoulders were tense as he took a deep breath and bent over to pick up a thin twig from the ground . 
 `` i mean ... well , no . 
 not exactly . '' 
 my throat thickened . 
 not exactly ? 
 what did that mean ? 
 hunter played with the twig , drawing lines in the soft peat , still avoiding eye contact . 
 i waited patiently , watching him , while my mind raced through thousands of improbable scenarios . 
 hunter snapped the twig in his hand . 
 `` lorrie , i have ms. multiple sclerosis . 
 it 's a disease ... it 's not curable , but it can be treated , only ... '' he trailed off , a pained grimace on his face . 
 ice gripped my stomach and my head felt like it was about to float away . 
 i watched him carefully , waiting for him to say more . 
 my hands involuntarily rose to my mouth . 
 ms ? 
 multiple sclerosis ? 
 hunter had n't changed his posture , but suddenly he looked different . 
 i always took comfort in the size of his body , feeling safe in his presence . 
 now i saw the worry etched on his face , the tired slump in his shoulders and the pain in his eyes . 
 tattoos and muscles . 
 tim . 
 `` the hammer . '' 
 an ms patient . 
 sharp spikes of pain lanced through my chest and i felt my heart breaking for him . 
 this was n't fair . 
 hunter did n't deserve this . 
 `` i had no idea , '' i choked out , hot tears springing uncontrollably from my eyes . 
 `` hey , do n't cry lorrie . 
 i 'm the one who 's dying , '' he said , a lopsided smile trembling on his lips . 
 typical hunter . 
 even now , he had to tell his stupid jokes . 
 `` that 's not funny , '' i shot at him . 
 the smile faded from his face , leaving only the sadness in his eyes . 
 `` sorry , '' he mumbled . 
 `` bad joke . '' 
 other than the injuries from his fight , he looked mostly in good health , but how long would it last ? 
 i did n't know much , but i was pretty sure multiple sclerosis could be debilitating . 
 it was one of those diseases like parkinson 's that you really did n't want to have . 
 when did he find out ? 
 why had n't he told me earlier ? 
 `` that day you ran into us outside the hospital , i had just gotten discharged . 
 i had a flare-up , but i 'm fine now . '' 
 it was another revelation that felt like a slap to the face . 
 that was why he had been in the hospital . 
 waves of guilt washed over me . 
 hunter had been hospitalized while i was trying to recover from the shock of receiving marco 's letter . 
 i had been upset at hunter because he was n't there for me , when in reality , he was struggling with something worse . 
 i swallowed thickly , feeling nauseated . 
 `` when did you get diagnosed ? '' 
 i asked , wiping the tears that kept falling from my face . 
 `` sophomore year . '' 
 `` and ada knows about it ? '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` yeah , we were dating when i found out . '' 
 a fresh pang of pain clutched around my heart . 
 he had n't trusted me enough to tell me , so much that he went to his ex for help . 
 who else knew about it ? 
 was i the only one in the dark ? 
 is that why everyone else seemed to know what was going on except for me ? 
 `` who else knows ? '' 
 `` just gary . '' 
 i pursed my lips . 
 so gary had been hiding it from me too . 
 `` why did n't you call me ? 
 i would have gone to the hospital with you ! '' 
 `` i was afraid - '' he paused to take several deep breaths and then started over , `` this disease has taken away everything from me and when i thought there was nothing left for it to take ... '' the muscles in his jaw tightened and then relaxed . 
 `` i met you . '' 
 he took my hand and squeezed it . 
 `` i saw that you were dealing with so much pain , so i wanted to be your rock . 
 i did n't want you to pity me and just see me as some sick dying patient ! '' 
 heavy puffs of his warm breath rose from him . 
 his eyes were full and glistening with emotion . 
 `` i would n't have ... '' i started to say that i would n't have looked at him that way , but my voice trailed off when i realized that was a lie . 
 just moments ago when he had told me about his condition , that was exactly how i had started to see him . 
 when i was at school , a lot of people tiptoed around me like i was going to have a breakdown any moment . 
 hunter was different . 
 he had treated me like i was still a real person , not a pity case . 
 maybe i was still struggling with how i was coming to terms with hunter 's condition , but i was determined to see through it to the real man underneath . 
 `` hunter , i understand why you were worried , but you did n't even give me a chance . 
 i told you all of my secrets . 
 why did you keep this from me ? 
 i never would have even left studsen if i knew ! '' 
 my heart pounded in helpless fury at the stupid things we did and could never take back . 
 i was angry at hunter and i was angry at myself . 
 he shook his head vigorously . 
 `` i wanted to help you with your pain , not add my problems to yours . 
 that 's why you had to leave studsen , is n't it ? 
 because something happened ? 
 i woulda never forgave myself if i was the only reason you stayed . '' 
 `` but why ? 
 i thought we were supposed to be a team . 
 we were supposed to save each other ! '' 
 i stomped my foot , shaking up some of the dirt on the ground . 
 hunter held his other hand to the side of my face and leaned in until our foreheads were touching . 
 his gray eyes were soft liquid pools i wanted to drown in . 
 `` we can still save each other . 
 just give us a chance . '' 
 i let out a choked sob , unable to stand looking at his hopeful expression . 
 his breath blew softly against my face as his chest rose and fell . 
 hunter was dealing with a horrible disease without a cure , and i was still no closer to moving on from how my parents died . 
 i knew i loved him . 
 i just did n't know if our love was something that could work with everything else in our lives . 
 `` how can we save each other if you wo n't even ask for help when you need it ? '' 
 i asked weakly . 
 he shook his head desperately . 
 `` you do n't know how sorry i am , lorrie , '' he said . 
 he looked up to the sky and took a deep breath . 
 `` what we had was something special , and i ruined it . 
 i know i shoulda told you sooner . 
 knew it then too , i think . '' 
 no . 
 hunter was n't the only one who ruined it . 
 i was responsible too . 
 i tried to be normal and have a normal life , but i messed it up . 
 even before everything fell apart , i knew that what was happening between us would lead to disaster . 
 and now that i knew about hunter 's condition , would i even be strong enough to help him deal with it ? 
 gary 's voice broke into my thoughts . 
 you 're no good for each other . 
 i turned my head away from hunter and he let his hand drop . 
 `` that 's not the only problem . 
 i care about you , and i want you to be okay , but when we were together ... maybe everything was n't as perfect as you thought it was . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 he asked , concern furrowing his brow . 
 i pulled my hand away from him . 
 `` we stayed in your apartment for days just so we could have more sex ! 
 how was that healthy ? 
 we were hiding from reality ! '' 
 `` how many people have had to deal with the things we 're going through ? '' 
 he shot back . 
 `` do n't you think we deserved a little break ? '' 
 `` not like that ! 
 a little break could become a permanent vacation for us . 
 everyone else around us saw it , but we were so deep into each other that we did n't see what was happening . '' 
 his voice rose . 
 `` who did you hear that from ? 
 was it ada ? 
 i swear to god , if she 's trying to f ** k with you -- '' i slapped my hands against my thighs in anger . 
 `` no ! 
 stop it ! 
 this is n't about ada or anybody else ! 
 it 's about us . 
 do n't you see ? 
 we could have avoided this mess . '' 
 he stared at me for several seconds , breathing hard . 
 `` yeah , i know , '' he said finally . 
 his eyes moved from my face back to the gray sky . 
 `` i f ** ked it up , but i 'm trying to make it right . '' 
 i thought about what had happened after i 'd received marco 's letter . 
 `` no , it 's not just you . 
 it 's me too . 
 we 're like two people drowning . 
 we were n't careful and got our limbs tangled together and then we both sank to the bottom ! '' 
 `` lorrie , it 's not like that -- '' `` yes it is ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 `` look at what happened to us . 
 you took a fight and got beaten up right after you came out of the hospital . '' 
 `` it was n't your fault , '' hunter continued to protest . 
 `` it was my fault ! 
 and it was your fault too ! 
 it was our fault ! '' 
 my breaths were coming quickly now , almost panting . 
 it looked like my words were slowly sinking in and i could tell he was trying to think about it . 
 i tried to steady myself . 
 `` it 's not that i do n't care about you , or that i do n't want to be with you . 
 i just do n't know if we can make it work without hurting each other . '' 
 he sighed and ran his hands through his hair , making it messier . 
 `` fine , maybe it was our fault . 
 we got a little too intense . 
 but you know what lorrie ? 
 i 've never felt anything like being with you . 
 i know you feel the same way too . 
 that 's got ta be something right ? '' 
 his looked at me , his eyes expectant and challenging , but i did n't know how to face him . 
 i looked down at my shoes , trying to put into words how i felt . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said , sighing deeply . 
 nothing made sense . 
 i was drained and exhausted and i did n't want to argue anymore . 
 when i woke up that morning , i thought i would never see hunter again . 
 now , he was here in front of me , had a horrible illness , and wanted to work things out . 
 my temples were pounding and i could barely even think straight . 
 he took my hand in his . 
 `` please , lorrie . 
 we can do this . '' 
 i massaged my forehead , but it did nothing to ease the pounding pain . 
 i did n't know if what hunter wanted was possible or not , but we could n't just keep pushing each other away . 
 if i 'd learned anything the past couple months , it was that hunter and i could n't be just friends . 
 keeping each other at arm 's length would only lead to more pain . 
 still , how could we build something healthy together ? 
 hunter was still looking at me , his face open and hopeful . 
 dr. schwartz thought that we might be good for each other , but our first try at a relationship had ended in disaster . 
 still , i did n't doubt that he loved me . 
 he would n't have come all the way out here if he did n't . 
 now that he had confided his secret to me , i could n't just turn my back on him . 
 not when he needed me most . 
 how could i give up on hunter when he refused to give up on us ? 
 i did n't know if i was strong enough to help him carry his burdens , but i had to try . 
 i looked away into the woods for a few moments , trying to think of what to say . 
 i wanted to give hunter a chance , but i needed to make sure he understood that we could n't do it the same way again this time . 
 `` i do n't want to use each other to hide from our problems , '' i said finally . 
 `` i do n't want to keep hiding and running anymore . '' 
 i watched him carefully for his reaction . 
 `` we wo n't , '' he said . 
 `` we 'll face them together . '' 
 his eyes were open and eager , but i was n't sure if he really understood what i meant . 
 `` if we 're going to save each other , you ca n't look at me like i 'm always the one who needs rescuing , '' i said . 
 `` that 's -- '' `` lorrie , i -- '' i had to get it out now , while i still could . 
 `` no ! 
 please let me finish . 
 the reason i left studsen was n't because of you , but if you told me the truth , none of this would 've happened . '' 
 hunter swallowed , his adam 's apple bobbing up and down . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 no more secrets . 
 i promise . '' 
 i stared into his eyes and my heart melted for him . 
 dealing with his ms had to be so hard . 
 constantly worrying about his health . 
 the fear that he might be stuck in a hospital bed for the rest of his life ... or worse . 
 it would have been so easy for him to never see me again after how i ended things , but he decided to drive hours to come here to try to work things out . 
 `` okay , '' i said finally . 
 his face brightened and he threw his arms around my shoulders , hugging me against his massive body . 
 i leaned into him for a moment before pulling back to look into his eyes . 
 `` we have to go slow this time , though . 
 we have a lot of things to think about . 
 all of this ... all of this is so much for me . 
 i thought i 'd never see you again , and now you 're here . '' 
 my pulse started to speed up . 
 `` if we go too fast and do n't think about how to make this healthy , we 'll make a mess of things , and this time i just know that it 'll be worse . '' 
 he nodded slowly , squeezing my hand tighter . 
 `` we 'll go slow , lorrie . '' 
 i hoped that he had the self-control to do what i asked , because i did n't know if i had it . 
 his lips were just a few inches away , but i closed my eyes , grateful that he just wanted to hug me for now . 
 we held onto each other for a few minutes and my headache slowly faded to a dull throb . 
 when i felt like i was back on earth again , the concerns of the wider world started to come back . 
 `` what are you doing about your classes ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` i can miss a few classes . 
 you 're more important than that . '' 
 i frowned . 
 hunter was pretty smart , but i did n't like that he was skipping classes . 
 i decided to leave that up to him for now . 
 still though , i wanted to make sure we were clear . 
 `` you ca n't hurt yourself for me hunter . 
 are you going to be okay , you know , after being in the hospital ? '' 
 `` yeah , i 'm fully recovered now . 
 i even brought my prescriptions , so if i got ta stay a little longer , i 'll be fine here . 
 there 's motel a few miles away . 
 i 'll just crash there for the night . '' 
 i nodded and we sat there for a moment , holding each other . 
 `` listen , '' he said , `` i know you 've got a lot to think about , but can i see you tomorrow ? '' 
 it had been a long day . 
 having some time to think about it and talk after a good night 's sleep sounded like a positive step to me . 
 i put my head on his shoulder . 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'd like that . '' 
 letting out a deep breath that i had n't realized that i 'd been holding , i wiped my eyes with the sleeve of my shirt . 
 we sat in silence for another few minutes . 
 dr. schwartz had been right about hunter . 
 it was n't over for us yet . 
 after a while i realized it was starting to get dark . 
 how long had we been out here ? 
 the last time i had been in these woods for too long , aunt caroline had called the police because she thought i 'd disappeared . 
 that definitely did n't need to happen again . 
 `` let 's head back to the house , '' i said , standing up and dusting my pants off . 
 `` i do n't want my aunt to worry about us . '' 
 hunter did n't say much as we walked back to the house so i gave him his space . 
 he seemed thoughtful , which comforted me . 
 if we were going to make it , we needed to be on the same page . 
 the world had thrown us into the deep end , and we were both just trying to keep our heads above water . 
 he had rescued me from drowning once , before he even knew me . 
 now that all of our secrets were in the open , was it even possible for us to save each other ? 
 even though i was terrified of the fallout if we failed , i was happy we still had a chance . 
 chapter four awkward we returned to the driveway by the same path we had walked into the woods , the dim light fading fast in the sky . 
 when we got to the front of the house where hunter 's car was parked , he turned to me . 
 `` hey , do n't be mad , but i have something to show you . '' 
 he went to the back of the the beat-up blue car and beckoned me over . 
 i followed him , curious . 
 then he pointed into the dirty windows of the backseat . 
 i shrugged and peered in , not knowing what to expect . 
 the thin layer of dust on the window made it hard to see anything-especially in the low light-but then i spotted it . 
 in the backseat was a large cardboard box covered in a blue blanket made of thick wool . 
 a tiny fuzzy tail poked out from underneath . 
 `` oh my god ! 
 why did you bring them all the way here ? '' 
 he shrugged boyishly . 
 `` dunno . 
 i figured you might wan na see your babies . '' 
 `` were they okay on the drive over ? '' 
 i asked , a little worried that the kittens had spent hours in the car . 
 `` yeah , no problems at all . 
 they mostly just slept . '' 
 i shook my head , but even in my exhausted state i had trouble keeping a smile from my face . 
 the little tail poking out wiggled a bit and then disappeared under the blanket . 
 `` why did n't you just leave them in studsen and have gary take care of them ? '' 
 `` gary 's been pretty busy with his frat , and besides , i figured they 're our responsibility . 
 do n't worry , i made sure they were comfortable during the ride . '' 
 judging from the fact that the six little monsters were all asleep at the moment , they must 've been just fine . 
 the front door to the house opened and a splash of light illuminated us . 
 aunt caroline stood in the driveway . 
 `` dinner 's ready ! '' 
 she called . 
 `` hunter , why do n't you come in and join us ? '' 
 my spine straightened . 
 i 'd been ready to say goodbye to hunter and regroup on my own . 
 we 'd just started to work things out , and i did n't relish the prospect of an awkward family dinner before we could spend more time talking alone . 
 plus , uncle stewart could be pretty conservative . 
 i was n't sure how open he would be to anyone dropping in on the family , never mind someone who looked like hunter . 
 hunter turned quickly to her and stood up straighter himself . 
 `` hi ms. perkins , '' he said . 
 `` lorrie and i just finished talking . 
 i 'm sorry i kept her so late . '' 
 aunt caroline brushed it off . 
 `` oh do n't worry about it ! 
 now come inside , so i can fill you up . '' 
 i opened my mouth to protest , but decided against it . 
 spending more time with hunter would be good , and if my aunt wanted to invite him , she had to figure uncle stewart sharing a dinner table with hunter would n't be too awkward . 
 hunter seemed to consider , then his face screwed up into a sheepish grin . 
 `` well , the thing is , the kittens are actually in the car , and i did n't want to bring them in and mess up your place . '' 
 after he said that , it was pretty much a done deal . 
 aunt caroline practically squealed . 
 `` you brought the kittens ? 
 bring them in ! 
 i 'm sure the boys would love playing with them . '' 
 when my aunt first invited him to dinner i thought she was just being polite , but now i did n't know what was going on . 
 she was being very insistent . 
 hunter looked to me , the question in his eyes . 
 i smiled and nodded . 
 `` thank you , ms. perkins , '' he said , opening the back door of his car to pick up the box of kittens . 
 my aunt smiled at me as i walked in after hunter , but i could already feel tightness building up between my shoulder blades . 
 she was definitely up to something . 
 i just did n't know what that was . 
 all i could do was hope for the best . 
 we were seated in the kitchen because the dining room was being redone . 
 it made things pretty cramped with six people , but we managed . 
 hunter and i had brought the kittens in from the car . 
 now they were in a box in the corner of the room . 
 most of them were sleeping , but taylor and rampage-the two usual troublemakers-were out of their box and exploring their newest environment . 
 this could not have been more distracting for my cousins . 
 they were already antsy , being nine and eleven , but the introduction of the kittens took their usual energy to a new level . 
 the high-pitched screams that resulted did nothing to help my nerves . 
 hunter , for his part , seemed to be handling everything without missing a beat . 
 he was joking around with my cousins and generally being as charming as i 'd ever seen him . 
 maybe more so . 
 he had n't struck me as much of the kids type , but apparently , i was wrong . 
 we sat down to an aunt caroline specialty : pork chops and a crunchy sweet potato casserole with a side of green beans . 
 hunter 's eyes got big as she set the plates down in the center of the table . 
 `` wow , looks like you guys eat well , '' he said as everyone got situated . 
 my uncle smiled from his place at the head of the table to my left . 
 `` caroline is quite the cook . '' 
 aunt caroline took her seat at the other end of the table and we began passing around the food . 
 i went first and passed to my uncle . 
 `` well i 'm thankful to have a family of good eaters , '' my aunt said . 
 `` hunter , you 're a good eater , right ? '' 
 hunter tore his eyes from the food being passed around and faced my aunt . 
 `` yup . 
 i hope i 'm not being a burden here . 
 you probably were n't expecting company . '' 
 aunt caroline shook her head and served hunter 's plate before hers . 
 it was a big helping . 
 `` oh do n't worry about that . 
 there 's plenty of food to go around and we 're happy to have you . '' 
 she was in the middle of finally serving herself when her head snapped to her right . 
 `` joel ! 
 no feeding the kittens people food ! 
 it 'll make them sick . '' 
 i had no idea how she saw that . 
 she seemed to have eyes in the back of her head . 
 joel , the guilty party , looked suitably ashamed of himself and went back to picking at the food on his plate with his eyes down . 
 i started eating . 
 the food was delicious , and the more i ate the more i realized how hungry i was . 
 uncle stewart looked undisturbed by the episode . 
 his attention was focused on hunter . 
 uncle stewart eyed him carefully , apparently sizing him up . 
 `` where did you get the kittens , hunter ? '' 
 there was a pause as hunter chewed his food . 
 `` rescued them , '' he said once he had swallowed . 
 `` they were in a box on the side of the road . 
 i was running to the gym when i saw the box and decided i had to save them . 
 lorrie was a huge help from the start , actually . '' 
 my uncle nodded with a small smile on his face , seemingly amused by that answer . 
 i could n't get a read on his opinion of hunter . 
 `` good for you . 
 did they do that to your face ? '' 
 i cringed and put my fork down harder than i meant to , causing it to clink loudly against the plate . 
 this was exactly what i was worried about . 
 how were we going to explain that hunter got injured in a cage fight ? 
 my eyes shot back and forth as i prayed nobody had noticed my clumsiness . 
 they had n't , or at least they were n't showing it . 
 aunt caroline and uncle stewart were focused on hunter , and the boys were busy with their food . 
 i panicked , trying to come up with an excuse to give my uncle for hunter 's injuries , but i was too exhausted from the day to come up with anything good . 
 hunter paused a second , then pointed to his face and laughed . 
 `` what , this ? 
 no , the kittens are n't that vicious yet . 
 i fell down the stairs in front of my apartment , actually . 
 trying to carry a coffee table inside . 
 stupid . '' 
 my eyes flew over to my uncle . 
 he winced theatrically . 
 `` did the table survive ? '' 
 hunter met his gaze without flinching . 
 `` it was still in the box . 
 got it at an ikea . 
 so yeah , it was fine . 
 a lot better than i was . '' 
 `` you look like you go to the gym quite a bit , '' my aunt said , changing the subject . 
 hunter looked a little uncomfortable for a moment but smiled eventually . 
 `` yeah , i like to work out . '' 
 `` do you play any sports ? '' 
 billy asked . 
 i held my breath . 
 it was doubtful that uncle stewart would think of getting knocked out in a cage surrounded by drunken spectators as a sport . 
 `` i used to wrestle in high school , '' hunter answered . 
 `` do you play any sports ? '' 
 `` baseball and soccer , '' he said , nodding sagely . 
 `` my mom wo n't let me play football . 
 she says the players hurt their heads too much . '' 
 hunter 's eyes shot quickly to me before going back to billy . 
 `` well , it is a dangerous game , '' he said diplomatically . 
 `` yes it is , '' my aunt said . 
 there was agreement all around and we went back to our food . 
 we all ate in silence for a couple minutes . 
 the food tasted good , but my mind was elsewhere . 
 i could n't figure out why aunt caroline and uncle stewart were questioning hunter as much as they were . 
 it was n't quite unfriendly , but something seemed forced . 
 suddenly i heard the sink come on , followed by the high-pitched sound of one of the kittens yowling . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 but hunter was already out of his seat and rolling up his sleeves to go to the sink . 
 aunt caroline followed close behind . 
 hunter reached in and pulled out a soaking wet taylor , who looked very displeased at what had just happened . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said to my aunt and uncle . 
 `` do you have a towel or anything i can use to dry her off ? '' 
 the boys had gotten up for a better look at the unhappy kitty , who was squirming in hunter 's arms . 
 they were delighted at the excitement . 
 aunt caroline handed hunter a dish towel with an amused look on her face . 
 `` okay boys , excitement 's over . 
 back to dinner . '' 
 `` how did she turn on the faucet ? '' 
 hunter asked as he dried taylor off tenderly . 
 `` it 's one of those new sinks where you just have to touch the spout and it turns on or off , '' i answered , finally realizing what had happened . 
 `` she must have touched it on somehow . '' 
 `` we just got it installed , '' my aunt added , taking her place back at the table . 
 `` it 's amazing for when you 're cooking . 
 not so much for cats , i guess . '' 
 everyone laughed , including uncle stewart . 
 it felt good to laugh at something silly . 
 i was starting to feel more normal again . 
 after the laughter died down , uncle stewart gestured at hunter 's arms as hunter stood drying taylor . 
 `` i see you have some tattoos . '' 
 i swallowed nervously . 
 uncle stewart continued . 
 `` caroline got a tattoo . 
 to each their own , of course , but i have to say i do n't really get it . 
 you have those things forever , you know . '' 
 his tone did n't seem quite hostile , but it still put me on edge . 
 hunter shrugged . 
 `` i guess i see it as self-expression . 
 if i wake up in twenty years and hate them , i guess i got ta deal with it then . '' 
 hearing hunter talk about the future gave me a sick feeling in my stomach . 
 would he be around in twenty years ? 
 would he be disabled if he was ? 
 no . 
 i could n't think like that . 
 treating hunter like he was a patient just waiting to die was exactly what he was afraid of . 
 i had to be stronger than that for him . 
 plus , i had no idea if it was even true . 
 maybe he 'd be fine for years . 
 `` thank you , hunter , '' aunt caroline said . 
 `` stewart has been asking me about my tattoo every other day since i got it . '' 
 i exhaled , relieved my aunt had come to hunter 's rescue . 
 `` that 's not quite true , '' uncle stewart said . 
 `` i just do n't understand what point you 're making by getting a tattoo . '' 
 aunt caroline shook her head . 
 `` i swear you 're taking this thing as a call for help , '' she said with a laugh . 
 my uncle turned to me . 
 `` lorrie , what do you think ? '' 
 i looked furtively around the table and took a quick breath . 
 `` i think if the most hunter and aunt caroline have to worry about in twenty years is their tattoos , they 're in pretty good shape . '' 
 sweat prickled across my skin . 
 i had to keep reminding myself that nothing really bad was happening . 
 i was just being nervous and assuming things that were n't necessarily true . 
 hunter and i had n't really had a chance to talk too much about his condition . 
 i made a mental note to ask him more questions about it as soon as we were able to get some alone time . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i guess i 'm on an island here . 
 boys , no tattoos while you live under my roof . 
 understand ? '' 
 i cracked a smile as the two looked wide-eyed at their father . 
 they had n't been paying attention to the conversation . 
 the spectacle of the kittens-and especially of hunter drying off taylor-was too much to resist . 
 `` i think you 'll have to remind them , '' i said . 
 he shook his head and we went back to finishing dinner , which by this point was getting lukewarm . 
 i was finally starting to relax . 
 whatever motives uncle stewart and aunt caroline had , hunter seemed to be handling this well . 
 he came back to the table after finishing with taylor and began eating his dinner quickly . 
 `` so are you staying around town , hunter ? '' 
 uncle stewart asked . 
 `` i was planning on getting a motel around here , actually . 
 me and lorrie are gon na hang out some more before i head back to studsen . '' 
 my uncle nodded . 
 `` there 's no need to do that . 
 we have room for you here and caroline and i do n't mind having you stay . '' 
 i was pretty sure my jaw had just dropped , but i did n't even have time to check before my aunt chimed in . 
 `` i think it 's going to break the boys ' hearts if you leave without letting them play with those kittens just a little more . '' 
 hunter looked back and forth between them , as surprised as i was . 
 `` oh no , i ca n't do that . 
 i really do n't want to be a burden , especially with the kittens . '' 
 `` nonsense , '' my aunt said . 
 `` i love cats , and none of us are allergic . 
 i 'm sure those little darlings will be no trouble at all . 
 they 've already gotten so much bigger ! '' 
 hunter opened his mouth to respond , but uncle stewart spoke first . 
 `` you good with tools ? '' 
 hunter 's mouth closed quickly and then he answered . 
 `` pretty good , yeah . 
 i used to help out with some repairs at my gym . '' 
 `` well , how about you stay with us a few days and help us redo the dining room ? 
 it 's been a slow project and it would help us out a lot . 
 i 've been so busy with work and caroline has to take care of the boys . 
 besides , it does n't make sense for you to waste money at a motel when we 've got plenty of space here . '' 
 hunter looked back and forth . 
 both my aunt and uncle were gazing at him expectantly . 
 i was too stunned to speak . 
 he looked to me briefly , but i just shrugged . 
 `` uh sure , i guess , '' he said finally . 
 `` that sounds great . 
 thank you very much . '' 
 `` perfect , '' uncle stewart said . 
 he smiled and went back to his food . 
 i was so confused . 
 why were my aunt and uncle seemingly doing their best to keep hunter in the house as long as possible ? 
 it was so unlike them , especially my uncle . 
 we all finished up eating and then helped clean up the kitchen . 
 i tried to catch my aunt 's eye to see if she could fill me in on why she and my uncle were so eager to have hunter stay with us , but it was no use . 
 after dinner it was family time , and i could n't get her alone . 
 i 'd have to wait . 
 the rest of the evening flew by in a blur . 
 it was strange seeing hunter in the perkins house after everything that had happened the past few weeks . 
 he looked like he was totally comfortable , and spent most of the evening playing with joel , billy , and the kittens . 
 my aunt and uncle seemed happy to have him . 
 i sat on the couch and tried my best to hide my confusion and process everything that had happened today . 
 when bones came up to me and meowed at my feet , i picked him up and snuggled him to my face . 
 i was glad hunter had brought the kittens . 
 they were a fuzzy reminder of our happiest times . 
 finally , it was time for bed . 
 aunt caroline cleared out the guest bedroom of most of its junk and changed the sheets so hunter could sleep there . 
 everyone said their goodnights-my cousins spent a long time with the kittens-and went to bed . 
 from the moment i said goodnight to hunter , all i could think about was how i wanted to curl up with him and fall asleep in his arms again . 
 i knew we could n't though . 
 i had n't even told him about getting marco 's letter yet and i still had n't fully wrapped my head around his condition . 
 i did n't know if it was going to be easier or more difficult to work things out with hunter staying with us , but i was starting to feel a lot better than i had this morning . 
 chapter five a new morning i could n't breathe . 
 my chest spasmed in pain as i tried to inhale . 
 my limbs were slow and heavy . 
 wet . 
 i was underwater . 
 my left ear itched . 
 the algae green waters churned around me , bubbles blocking my view . 
 something rough and strong circled around my waist , clutching around me and making me feel safe . 
 he was going to save me . 
 i kicked and flailed my arms , reaching up to my savior . 
 to air . 
 to life . 
 but every movement of my limbs just made me sink deeper into the darkness . 
 a fuzzy warmth rubbed against my nose . 
 i sank deeper . 
 the darkness stretched out into eternity away from me . 
 i floated along for some time before a face came into view . 
 it was too dark and i could n't make out the features , but somehow , i knew it was my dad . 
 i blinked and tried to see him more clearly , but i still could n't picture him . 
 he was too out of focus . 
 his mouth was flapping . 
 it looked like he wanted to say something to me , but i could n't hear it . 
 reaching forward , i tried to swim towards his voice , but it faded away . 
 when i turned , another face appeared suddenly in front of me . 
 the eyes were wide and crazed , lolling around in the sockets , his grin frozen on his face . 
 marco . 
 i could taste bile rising at the back of my throat . 
 panic seized my chest and i let out a wordless scream . 
 i woke up in a sweaty tangle of sheets . 
 i 'm okay . 
 a high-pitched meow came from the left side of my bed , and i cracked my eyes open to take a look . 
 the brown fur and heart-shaped spot on its back immediately told me it was taylor . 
 i 'm okay , marco is n't here . 
 groaning , i pushed myself up against the headboard as taylor climbed over the mountain of sheets and into my lap . 
 i 'm okay , marco 's in prison far away . 
 he ca n't hurt me anymore . 
 i thought about dr. schwartz 's advice regarding marco . 
 should i write him a letter to ask why he killed my mom ? 
 what would he say ? 
 would he really tell me just because i asked ? 
 is that all i needed to banish him from my dreams ? 
 i shook my head and tried to focus on the present . 
 i could deal with that later . 
 right now i had an adorable kitten who wanted some attention . 
 of course it had to be taylor waking me up . 
 she was such a trouble-maker . 
 i was glad she had woken me up , though . 
 this time . 
 i rubbed her back gently , while she kneaded the sheets on my lap , trying to find a comfortable spot . 
 her gentle purring helped to slow down the erratic beating of my heart . 
 i sucked in a few deep breaths to calm myself down and get marco 's face out of my mind . 
 i tried to recall my father 's face , but all i saw was the fuzzy , out-of-focus image from my dream . 
 when i turned to the clock i saw that it was eight . 
 yesterday , i had slept in until one in the afternoon before going to see dr. schwartz . 
 so much had happened in the span of a day ; i was actually feeling a lot better . 
 i did n't know if it was because of the therapy session , or the fact that hunter and i had finally had a chance to talk , but i liked it . 
 whatever the reason , i was n't about to let a stupid dream ruin my mood . 
 i reassured myself that i knew what my father 's face looked like . 
 he 'd always had dark curly hair that fell across his forehead . 
 sometimes his hair would get into his eyes and he 'd brush it away with a wave of his hand . 
 were his eyes black or dark brown ? 
 no , no they were definitely black . 
 damnit , the dream was bothering me more than it should . 
 i took a shower and threw on a pair of sweatpants and an old sweater before heading downstairs to the kitchen . 
 on my way there , i passed by rampage and frida chasing each other in the hallway . 
 the savory aroma of bacon reached my nose before i even got to the kitchen , and my stomach rumbled loudly . 
 aunt caroline must have made breakfast already . 
 i smiled at the thought of my aunt 's delicious , calorie-laden breakfasts . 
 they would be the perfect way to get my mind off of the dream . 
 when i got to the kitchen i was surprised to see that it was not my aunt , but hunter at the stove . 
 he was wearing a white t-shirt , his biceps bulging tightly against the sleeves . 
 his cute butt filled up the jeans he was wearing . 
 i smiled to myself guiltily . 
 i guess i could still enjoy that part of hunter . 
 aunt caroline was sitting at the kitchen table , sipping a cup of coffee . 
 she beamed at me when she saw me , her eyes twinkling . 
 `` good morning , lorrie . 
 hunter just made us and the boys breakfast . 
 how are you feeling ? '' 
 hunter turned around and gave me a quick smile . 
 it was still so surreal to see him standing in aunt caroline 's kitchen . 
 a concerned look flashed across his face for a second and he turned back to the stove . 
 it seemed like we both wanted a chance to talk alone soon . 
 `` i 'm okay , '' i said . 
 `` i see the kittens have taken no time to get adjusted to the house . '' 
 aunt caroline let out a hearty laugh , `` you have no idea . 
 your uncle was quite surprised to find a fuzzball next to his face this morning ! 
 which one is it , the one with the spot on his back ? '' 
 i smiled with her . 
 `` that must 've been taylor , she woke me up too . 
 did uncle stewart go off to work already ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` mmhm , just a few minutes ago . '' 
 hunter put a plate in front of me , with scrambled eggs and slices of bacon . 
 my stomach grumbled its approval loudly . 
 `` breakfast 's served , '' he said , with a small wink just for me . 
 then he turned to my aunt . 
 `` would you like some more food , ms. perkins ? '' 
 she waved him off , patting her stomach for emphasis . 
 `` i 'm way too full . 
 please , have the rest yourself . '' 
 hunter shrugged and plated himself a mountain of food . 
 i could n't help but smile when i noticed what he was wearing over his t-shirt . 
 i had n't noticed it earlier when his back was turned , but now it was hard not to laugh at his tattooed arms poking out of aunt caroline 's frilly apron . 
 i raised an eyebrow at him . 
 hunter joined us at the table and looked at me confused for a second before his eyes lit up in realization . 
 `` oh yeah , your aunt insisted that i wear it . 
 she did n't want me messing up my clothes . '' 
 i shook my head slowly in disbelief . 
 it was quite the amusing image . 
 my aunt chimed in . 
 `` hunter even drove out this morning to get some eggs when we ran out . 
 is n't he the sweetest thing ? '' 
 i looked to hunter , only to see his cheeks stuffed full of food . 
 he chewed and gulped it all down first . 
 `` aw , it 's no big deal , mrs. perkins . 
 you 're letting me stay here , it 's the least i could do . '' 
 he was certainly making a good impression on my aunt . 
 that gave me one less thing to worry about . 
 hopefully he was doing the same with uncle stewart . 
 hunter seemed to want to talk , but he did n't say anything with my aunt there . 
 we ate in silence for a while , as aunt caroline sat there sipping her coffee at the table with us . 
 a little while later , the phone rang . 
 aunt caroline put her mug down and walked over to the other side of the kitchen . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 she said and then paused . 
 `` oh of course ! 
 yes , she 's right here ! '' 
 my aunt turned to me . 
 `` it 's daniela , she wants to talk to you . '' 
 daniela and i had n't spoken since a couple of days after i got to my aunt 's place . 
 i had filled her in on the whole fiasco with hunter 's fight , but she did n't know that hunter had come all the way to indiana to try to patch things up with me . 
 i had just barely picked up the phone when daniela voice came through loud and clear . 
 `` oh my god , lorrie . 
 did he show ? 
 is he there right now ? '' 
 i winced and held the phone an inch away from my ear . 
 `` what ? 
 who ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` who ?! 
 are you kidding me ? 
 who else ? 
 hunter ! '' 
 i looked at him , hoping that he could n't hear daniela 's voice from across the kitchen , but he was chatting with my aunt . 
 `` yeah , he 's here . 
 why am i starting to get the impression that i 'm always the last person to get the full story ? '' 
 `` two days ago he came to find me . 
 at first i was ready to kick his ass for you , but then he kept saying how sorry he was and how he wanted to fix things up . 
 he seemed sincere , so i gave him your aunt 's address . 
 he said he was going to surprise you and made me promise to not call you until today . '' 
 another piece of the puzzle clicked into place . 
 so that 's how hunter had found me . 
 i looked over at him again . 
 i was happy to see that he had finally taken the apron off , folded it neatly , and placed it on an empty seat . 
 `` lorrie , do n't leave me hanging ! 
 should i have kicked him to the curb ? 
 he was practically delirious when he came to me and i thought you said you tried to talk to him but could n't and -- '' i sighed . 
 `` it 's fine . '' 
 `` are you okay ? 
 did i make a mistake telling him where you are ? 
 because i swear , if that guy hurts you again ... '' i looked over at my aunt and hunter . 
 they were still deep in conversation . 
 `` i 'm feeling better daniela , a lot better . 
 everything is n't perfect yet , but we 're working things out . 
 um ... can i talk to you later ? 
 i 'll tell you everything , i promise . '' 
 i did n't exactly want to be airing all of this dirty laundry with aunt caroline and hunter sitting right there in the kitchen with me . 
 `` okay , '' she said . 
 `` pinky swear . '' 
 i nodded , even though i knew she could n't see me . 
 `` pinky swear . 
 thanks for checking up on me . '' 
 `` bye girl , take care of yourself . '' 
 when i rejoined hunter and my aunt at the table , they were talking about tattoos . 
 hunter 's plate of food was completely empty already , and i could n't help but smile to myself . 
 aunt caroline was right : he could eat . 
 i worked at my own breakfast slowly and zoned out while they talked . 
 after we were done , hunter grabbed both of our plates and washed them in the sink . 
 `` ms. perkins , i 'm gon na go work on the dining room floor if that 's alright , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll chat with you and lorrie later . '' 
 he looked at me as he said my name . 
 yes , that would be nice . 
 there was still a lot for us to talk about , but it would have to wait . 
 `` of course dear , '' my aunt replied . 
 `` thanks for cleaning up . '' 
 he left for his home improvement duties , leaving me and my aunt at the kitchen table . 
 even if i had to wait to continue my talk with hunter , i was finally alone with my aunt . 
 maybe i could finally get some answers from her at least . 
 `` aunt caroline , '' i started , `` i 'm starting to wonder why you and uncle stewart are being so nice to hunter . '' 
 she looked at me innocently . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` come on , why did you invite him to stay over with us ? 
 it 's not that i do n't like it but i just do n't get it . '' 
 my aunt squinted and smiled bemusedly to herself . 
 `` lorrie , i remember how everything was going between you and hunter when you were still at arrowhart . 
 with you taking another leave from school and everything , your uncle and i think it would be good for you if you have something stable in your life . '' 
 i looked at her but did n't say anything . 
 stable ? 
 me and hunter ? 
 `` we want you to be happy lorrie , '' she added . 
 `` whatever it takes . '' 
 i guess it did make me feel better to have hunter around , even with everything that had happened between us . 
 he could have just stayed in a motel and visited me , but maybe it was better this way . 
 my aunt and uncle must 've been really worried about me if they were willing to go to such lengths for my happiness . 
 aunt caroline might have liked having hunter around , but i had my doubts about how uncle stewart felt about it . 
 my eyes wandered to the wall next to the kitchen table . 
 it was covered in photos of the perkins family . 
 the two boys opening up christmas presents . 
 my aunt and uncle on their wedding day , smiling and happy . 
 there was even a picture of me when i was just a baby , sitting in front of a coloring book . 
 there were no pictures of my dad , though . 
 `` why do n't you have any pictures of my dad up ? '' 
 i asked . 
 my aunt froze mid-sip for a split second , but continued to drink from her mug . 
 i shifted in my seat , suddenly uncomfortable . 
 though we had talked about my mother 's death , aunt caroline and i almost never spoke about my dad 's suicide . 
 she was quietly staring into her cup so i did n't say anything . 
 maybe i should n't have brought it up . 
 `` no reason , really , '' she said . 
 `` we took the pictures down when we were redoing the kitchen and i guess i must 've forgotten to put those back up . '' 
 it seemed like a strange reason , but i did n't want to keep talking about it . 
 what would my dad have thought ? 
 would he be sad that we had forgotten him ? 
 even though i knew it was stupid , i was a little worried that i might forget what his face looked like . 
 my dream had scared me , however silly that seemed . 
 `` can i see them ? '' 
 she frowned for a split second before answering . 
 `` of course . 
 they 're all in that room at back of the basement with the rest of your father 's stuff . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i said . 
 `` i think i 'll go find them . '' 
 i got up from the table . 
 aunt caroline looked thoughtful , but just nodded . 
 i was n't sure what i was looking for , and maybe it was a bad idea to open old wounds , but then again , did n't i tell hunter that we could n't keep running from our problems ? 
 now was as good of a time to face the past as any . 
 chapter six memories i walked downstairs , flicked on the lights , and surveyed my surroundings . 
 my aunt and uncle treated the basement mostly as a place for storage , and it showed . 
 cardboard boxes lined much of the space against the walls , and my cousins toys were scattered everywhere . 
 keeping my eyes on the ground , i weaved my way around hot wheels and legos to the back room . 
 i wanted to see my dad 's face again . 
 i walked through the room 's door and flicked on the lights . 
 it was even more crowded than the rest of the basement . 
 the room was small and contained nothing but boxes of my dad 's things . 
 an l-shaped path to the back right corner from where the door was hugging the left wall was the only thing that made the room somewhat navigable . 
 i took a deep breath and pulled the lid off the box closest to my feet . 
 sitting on top of some binders were several drawings i had made as a child . 
 i put the lid down , picked up the delicate stack of yellowing paper and began flipping through . 
 each of them was a colored pencil drawing of three people-a mommy , a daddy , and a little girl-in various settings . 
 several were in front of a house , one was in a park , another was on a beach . 
 one of them even had a dog , which was a wish i 'd had as a kid that had never been fulfilled . 
 they were all drawn by a happy little girl from a happy family . 
 as i stood there , flipping through some of my earliest art work , i began to shake . 
 that little girl was gone . 
 i was never going to feel the things i had felt when i was making those drawings ever again . 
 the security and innocence i had felt in those days had been taken from me . 
 tears formed in my eyes and beaded down my cheeks . 
 i wiped them away with my sleeve and put the drawings back into their box so i could keep looking for pictures of my dad . 
 after sifting through several boxes i finally came to one with pictures in the back corner of the room . 
 i shakily picked up a thick stack and began to flip through them . 
 the first few were pictures of my aunt and uncle , but then i saw it . 
 my eyes fell on an image of a college-aged man wearing a mustard-colored button down shirt and tan chinos . 
 his dark , curly hair sat on his head youthfully , and he was clean-shaven . 
 it was my father smiling happily for the camera , though i could barely recognize his boyish face . 
 the picture had been taken well before i was born . 
 my lips turned briefly up then down , and i looked around the room , waiting for tears to come . 
 to my surprise , they did n't . 
 it was just like when i read his suicide letter . 
 i felt like i should cry because that 's what people did , but when it came to my dad i just could n't . 
 after a while , i returned to the picture . 
 there he was , just as alive as i was now . 
 just as young . 
 now he was gone , and worse , he had taken his own life . 
 i thought of his letter again . 
 i just ca n't , lorrie . 
 i bit my lip hard , but still no tears came . 
 with a deep breath , i flipped to the next picture and felt a wave of nausea . 
 it was a picture of my family not very different from the colored pencil drawings i had seen earlier . 
 my parents had taken me to lincoln park in chicago . 
 lake michigan was in the background , and standing in front of it was my dad , a little older now and with shorter hair , his arm around my mom . 
 then there was me-standing not even up to my dad 's waist-with a giant stick of pink cotton candy and a toothy smile . 
 we all looked happy , but my parents would get divorced ten years later , and then everything else would happen . 
 why ? 
 why had marco killed my mom ? 
 why did all of this have to happen ? 
 tears finally came . 
 first some large beads in my eyes , then one quiet sob followed another as i stood there feeling stupid for coming down to the basement and doing this to myself . 
 i wiped my eyes with my sleeve and looked at the picture again . 
 my mom-her chestnut hair in a perfect nineties perm-looked a lot like i did now . 
 minus the perm , of course . 
 i tried to imagine having a child in the next few years and could n't do it . 
 it was hard to picture my future at all . 
 a noise came from outside the room , and then i heard footsteps . 
 i quickly rubbed my eyes , hoping to get rid of as much evidence of crying as possible , and held my breath . 
 it was hunter . 
 he stopped in the doorway and seemed to evaluate what was going on . 
 we locked eyes . 
 `` there you are , '' he said . 
 `` i looked all over the house . '' 
 my vision began blurring again with fresh tears and he made his way through the room 's path until he was next to me . 
 i held the photographs to my chest and buried my face in his hoodie . 
 he put his arms around me and held me close . 
 we stood embraced together in silence . 
 being close to his warmth felt reassuring and i was glad that he was here with me . 
 after i 'd finally composed myself , i pulled away and faced him . 
 he waited patiently for me to speak . 
 i took a deep breath and wiped my eyes once more . 
 `` i came down here to look for pictures of my dad , '' i said , my voice mostly steady . 
 hunter motioned toward the pictures in my hand . 
 `` did you find any ? '' 
 as i began to answer a sob seized my chest and choked the words away from my throat . 
 my vision went blurry again . 
 i held the picture of my family in the park for him to see . 
 he put a hand on my shoulder and i leaned into him , trying to stop my tears . 
 just when i thought i was calming down , a fresh wave of emotion overtook me . 
 i tried hard to steady myself . 
 hunter pulled me closer into his chest and held the hand containing my family picture up for a better view . 
 `` wow , '' he said . 
 `` is that you ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` and my parents , '' i added weakly . 
 `` back when they were together . 
 they got married young , then got divorced when i was a freshman in high school . '' 
 then they were taken from me for no reason at all . 
 i whimpered softly and i buried my face into hunter again . 
 he ran his hand through my hair and held me , saying nothing . 
 after a few seconds i calmed down . 
 `` do you remember when this was taken ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i think so , but i 'm not sure if i really remember it or just remember remembering it . 
 we were at a park in chicago , where i grew up . 
 i guess it 's been so long that it seems like a story now . '' 
 he squeezed my shoulder . 
 `` i think that makes sense . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said . 
 `` everything just feels not real right now . 
 with all the stuff that 's happened the last couple weeks , i mean . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 lorrie , i ca n't tell you how sorry i am about the way - '' `` it 's not that ! '' 
 i interrupted , more loudly than i had meant to . 
 hunter stopped cold as though i had hit him , but said nothing . 
 i took a deep breath and gathered myself . 
 the frustration that had been simmering since i got marco 's letter was getting the better of me . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i just meant that it 's not just the stuff that 's happened between us that makes everything feel strange right now . '' 
 he stayed silent and looked at me expectantly . 
 my stomach churned as i thought about the letter marco sent me . 
 having to talk about it made me so angry . 
 `` i mean , the reason i left really was n't you , '' i said , trying to keep my voice steady this time . 
 `` something else happened . '' 
 i looked at the picture of my parents while hunter stayed quiet . 
 `` i got a letter from my stepfather , '' i said firmly . 
 my heart thumped rapidly in my ears . 
 hunter took a minute to process what i 'd just said , then his eyes widened . 
 `` wait , you mean ... '' i nodded and then broke down , hugging his torso with both arms until i left another wet spot on his sweatshirt wet with my tears . 
 he brought me in closer . 
 `` shit . 
 i 'm sorry , lorrie . 
 i shoulda been there for you when that happened . '' 
 i shook my head , pulled away , and took a deep breath . 
 `` it 's okay , you had a pretty good reason to be missing . 
 i should have called you when i got the letter rather than a few days later . '' 
 his face slowly hardened . 
 `` what kinda sick bastard is this guy , anyway ? 
 why did he send you the letter ? 
 how did he send it ? '' 
 `` i do n't know how it got through , but the letter just asked for me to write him back . 
 he even had the nerve to ask for forgiveness and tell me he loved me . '' 
 `` did you write him back ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i just went kind of numb after i got that letter . 
 the whole thing 's a blur . '' 
 i considered whether to talk to him about my therapist 's suggestion to write him back , but i had n't even decided myself . 
 `` and that 's when you had your exams and stuff , right ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 he hugged me again . 
 `` i 'm so sorry lorrie . 
 i shoulda been there for you . 
 i coulda helped you . '' 
 `` it 's okay . 
 we both could have done things differently . 
 i should 've reached out for help sooner . '' 
 hunter frowned and then took my free hand in his . 
 `` lorrie , you 're never gon na have to reach very far because i 'm gon na be right there by your side . 
 if i have to save you from a freezing lake , i 'll jump in . 
 if i have to follow you to the ends of the earth , i 'll find a way . 
 if i have to crawl on the ground to be by your side , i 'll crawl to you until i 'm next to you . 
 there 's nothing that will stop me from being there for you , lorrie . 
 not my ms , not anything . '' 
 the intensity with which he held my hand and said the words he said startled me . 
 when i looked up into his gray eyes i not only knew he meant it , but that i wanted him to mean it . 
 desperately . 
 `` hunter , '' i whispered , tears emerging from my eyes and trailing down my face . 
 we stood chest to chest . 
 he took his hand from mine and touched my face lightly , wiping away my tears . 
 his touch set my body aflame . 
 my breaths shortened as i froze in my place . 
 his hand came under my chin and tipped my head up toward his . 
 he touched his lips to mine , tentatively at first then firmly , his warm mouth sealing against my lips with a desire so strong it made me tremble . 
 i hugged my arms tighter around him , pressing my body against his as our tongues played softly . 
 it was over before i was ready . 
 one of my hands went from his back up to grip his short hair . 
 i tried to pull him back down toward me , but he resisted . 
 `` lorrie , '' he moaned . 
 `` you said we ca n't go too fast . '' 
 my eyebrows shot up and my eyes opened wide . 
 `` you do n't want to kiss me ? '' 
 `` of course i want to kiss you , i just do n't want to mess things up between us again . '' 
 part of me wondered if he had a point , but when i looked into his eyes i realized this was just where i wanted to be . 
 i loved kissing him , and there was nothing wrong with it . 
 if hunter had n't come all this way to find me , i 'd probably still be totally lost right now . 
 `` hun , i really appreciate you listening to what i said yesterday . 
 but i do n't think it 's going to hurt if you kiss me again , okay ? '' 
 he paused a second , then his hands flew down to my butt and he hoisted me up quickly , his mouth crashing against mine . 
 i gasped and then smiled against his lips , kissing him back . 
 this was more like we were . 
 this was okay . 
 this time i was the one to break off the kiss , though i was still smiling . 
 `` worried ? '' 
 he made a show of considering my question . 
 `` not really . '' 
 he started leaning back in for another kiss . 
 `` lorrie ? '' 
 my aunt called . 
 it sounded like she was downstairs . 
 i tapped hunter 's shoulders and he put me down hurriedly . 
 we both straightened our clothes and i flattened out the pictures still in my hand as best i could . 
 she appeared in the doorway a few seconds later . 
 `` oh , there you are hunter . 
 are you two alright ? '' 
 `` i was just showing hunter some pictures of my dad , '' i said quickly . 
 her lips made a thin line and she nodded . 
 `` okay . 
 well , do n't stay too long . '' 
 `` we were just coming up , '' hunter said . 
 `` plenty of work to do today . '' 
 aunt caroline smiled and then turned to go back upstairs without a word . 
 hunter gave my shoulder a quick squeeze and we made eye contact . 
 his look was apologetic . 
 i shrugged and nodded my understanding as he walked around the boxes in the room and out the door . 
 when i was alone again , i looked down at the picture in my hand , the feeling of hunter 's lips still fresh on my own . 
 my dad was gone , but that did n't mean i had to forget him . 
 i decided to continue flipping through the pictures of him in my room . 
 stack in hand , i left the storage area and followed hunter and my aunt upstairs . 
 chapter seven moving on when i came upstairs i found aunt caroline at the kitchen table writing out a list of groceries she had to get for the week . 
 judging by the noise , hunter was already back at work in the dining room . 
 she looked up from her list as i came into the room . 
 `` so did you find some pictures of your father ? '' 
 i stood for a moment and processed her question before flipping to the first picture i found of my dad and handing it to her . 
 she took it hesitantly , looked at it , and put her hand to her mouth . 
 `` oh my goodness , his hair ! 
 bill had such beautiful hair when he was young . '' 
 i did n't know what to do , so i did nothing . 
 how long had those pictures been down there ? 
 `` that is such a nice picture . 
 what are you going to do with it ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i just wanted to bring it to my room for now , i guess . '' 
 she tore her eyes away from the photo in her hand . 
 `` okay . 
 what are your plans for the day ? '' 
 `` for now i was just going to keep flipping through these in my room . 
 it would be nice to have some pictures of him upstairs . 
 maybe i could go get some frames later at target or something . '' 
 she winced , but quickly got her expression back to neutral and handed me the picture . 
 i took it from her and went up to my room , thinking about her reaction to my idea of getting some pictures of my dad in the house . 
 once i was in my room , i plopped onto my bed , lay on my back on top of the off-white comforter , and began sifting through the pictures . 
 they did n't seem to be in any chronological order . 
 i was in many of them , but there were also several with my dad 's cousins and other people i only remember seeing a handful of times at family reunions . 
 all in all , i 'd grabbed about twenty pictures . 
 the picture that stuck out to me was toward the very back . 
 it was a shot of my mom and dad on a tropical beach . 
 they both looked like they might still be in college . 
 the picture had definitely been taken before i was born . 
 seeing the way my parents were lovingly embraced made me think of my relationship with hunter . 
 kissing him again had been a high and i definitely felt lucky that he had come after me . 
 there was no doubt in my mind we needed each other . 
 still , there was a lot for us to overcome . 
 for one , i was worried that this felt too much like a honeymoon period between us and too little like reality . 
 i had no idea what was going on in my life . 
 i could n't stay at my aunt and uncle 's house forever . 
 then there was hunter . 
 anytime i thought about his future , it was hard not to jump to his ms. no matter how brave he was about it , it was still scary . 
 i had almost no idea what it even was . 
 all i knew was that it had something to do with his nerves or his brain and that it was bad and incurable . 
 even beyond his disease , i was n't sure he had any more idea what he was doing with his life than i did . 
 plus , i was still dealing with what happened to my parents . 
 marco 's letter had removed the scab from an awful wound . 
 i was trying to move on from their deaths and make some headway into figuring out my future , but every setback made it that much harder . 
 maybe my therapist was right and i should write him . 
 the more i thought about it , the more plausible it sounded . 
 what was the worst that could happen ? 
 if i got some answers , maybe it would be easier for hunter and i to build a healthy relationship together . 
 i could be free from the past . 
 i decided to go for it . 
 since i 'd thrown away the letter marco wrote me , i had to look up where to address my letter back to him on the cook county penal system website . 
 that done , i found a piece of paper and a pen , went to my desk , and scratched something out . 
 marco , i have been doing my best to recover . 
 one thing has continued to bother me , and you could help with that . 
 why did you kill my mother ? 
 it would help me greatly if i could understand the reason it happened , and maybe it would help you too . 
 sincerely , lorrie i looked over the letter again . 
 it asked the question without being too intimate . 
 it definitely did n't make it look like i 'd forgiven him , but it was something . 
 kind of like a business letter or something . 
 i did n't have high hopes , but there was a chance he would read it and have some remorse . 
 i put it into its envelope and sealed it in . 
 after aunt caroline 's reaction to marco 's letter , i decided not to talk to her about sending it . 
 i could sneak a stamp at some point and put it in the mail . 
 once i was done , i put the envelope into a notebook and left it on my desk . 
 after hopping back on my bed , i began to flip through the pictures again . 
 my aunt came to my door and knocked twenty minutes later . 
 `` can i come in ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i sat up straighter in bed , glancing briefly at my desk . 
 the envelope was well hidden . 
 `` sure . '' 
 she walked into the room and took a seat at the foot of my bed . 
 `` did you find any other good pictures ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i picked up the stack and began flipping through them again . 
 i came to a photo of me with my aunt , uncle , and dad taken at a family gathering . 
 both me and my aunt had our hair up with a scrunchie . 
 `` yeah , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm not so sure the scrunchie was a good look though . '' 
 i handed her the picture with a smile . 
 she took it and laughed to herself . 
 `` those things really were terrible . 
 god , look at us all . 
 so young . 
 i need to show this to your uncle . '' 
 i nodded , and we sat in silence . 
 finally , i got the nerve to ask the question that had been on my mind all morning . 
 `` so what 's the real reason you do n't have any pictures of my dad up ? '' 
 she pursed her lips and looked away for a second . 
 her face was set in stone by the time she looked back . 
 `` when your father ... when bill did what he did , i was angry . 
 i could n't believe he would leave his family behind like that . 
 it 's just ... not what people do . '' 
 i had to bite my tongue , but i kept silent . 
 she looked back at the picture . 
 `` as a family , you have to stay together . 
 through anything . 
 even if it 's terrible , like what happened with your poor mother . 
 everyone needs to be an anchor for everyone else . '' 
 a tear fell from her eye , but she continued talking with a steady voice . 
 `` anyway , i 'm glad you brought the pictures up . 
 even if he did what he did , he 's still a part of the family , and we ca n't abandon him or his memory . 
 he does n't deserve that . '' 
 she paused a moment and pressed her lips together . 
 `` when i think about it , i wish i had done more to reach out to him . 
 he was always an obsessively focused person . 
 in the end i guess it killed him-and it was bad for his marriage , of course-but he did accomplish an awful lot . '' 
 tears began threatening to come from my eyes , but i fought them back as well as i could . 
 i did n't want my aunt to stop talking , even if the mention of my parents ' marriage made me upset . 
 `` he was always focused on something , '' she said with a sigh . 
 she looked back at the picture again . 
 `` maybe something positive to focus on would help you move on too . '' 
 `` yeah , maybe , '' i said , not completely convinced . 
 she smiled . 
 `` i 'm going to go downstairs and start on lunch . 
 that boy hunter eats like a horse . 
 will you be coming down ? '' 
 `` yeah , i 'll be down in a minute . '' 
 she nodded and walked out . 
 i watched her go and thought about what she 'd said . 
 i threw the covers off and swung my feet around to get out of bed . 
 everyone in a family needed to be an anchor for everyone else . 
 had my family been like that ? 
 probably not . 
 but the perkins family was welcoming me in and they were family too . 
 maybe i was n't pulling my weight yet , but i could work on it . 
 what about hunter ? 
 i had felt like he was my anchor , but after the last few weeks maybe i needed to be more careful about that . 
 he needed me to be his anchor as much as i needed him . 
 we had certainly made progress , but we were n't fully there yet . 
 i looked at my desk , where i had hidden the letter to marco . 
 maybe if i could get some answers about why everything had happened , i could be a better anchor for hunter too . 
 chapter eight help i snuck a stamp from the kitchen drawer my aunt kept them in and sent the letter off the next morning . 
 before i was ready , it was saturday evening . 
 hunter had spent most of the past two days working on the dining room . 
 even though we had n't talked alone since he 'd found me in the basement , his presence in the house was comforting . 
 i helped my aunt with the dishes after dinner while hunter read to the kids in the living room . 
 from the sound of it , there was little actual reading being done , and a whole lot of chasing the kittens . 
 `` sounds like the boys are having fun , '' i said . 
 my aunt let out a hearty laugh . 
 `` having hunter around is like having an older brother for them to play with . 
 they have n't had this much fun since i can remember . '' 
 i giggled . 
 hunter was just like a big boy , in his own way . 
 it was n't surprising my cousins got along with him so well . 
 after a few minutes of raucous laughter in the living room , the noise in the living room died down . 
 aunt caroline raised an eyebrow at me . 
 `` do you hear that ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 they 've finally quieted down . '' 
 `` that 's the sound of two boys about to raise some trouble . 
 i 'm going to go check in on them , can you finish up for me ? '' 
 i nodded and started stacking the plates into the drying rack . 
 hopefully my cousins were n't getting into too much trouble . 
 as i was drying my hands , hunter walked into the kitchen . 
 i smiled at him when he came in , noticing his messy hair . 
 one of the kittens had probably been sitting on his head just seconds before . 
 `` hey , '' he said . 
 `` hey yourself . 
 thanks for playing with joel and billy . 
 i think they really look up to you . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` i 'm hardly somebody they should look up to . '' 
 `` i do n't know about that , '' i said , frowning . 
 `` what 's going on in there , anyway ? 
 aunt caroline thought you boys were getting into trouble . '' 
 `` ah , nothing . 
 we finished the book . 
 or i did , anyway . 
 right now i think they 're trying to coax frida out of her hiding spot . '' 
 `` maybe we can help , '' i said . 
 i started to walk towards the living room , but stopped when hunter did n't follow me . 
 his eyes darted to me for a moment before he looked aside . 
 `` what ? 
 oh , uh ... yeah . '' 
 i felt my muscles go tense . 
 something was up . 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 are the kittens okay ? '' 
 `` yeah , yeah . 
 nothing like that . 
 can we - '' he stopped and tried again . 
 `` can we talk ? '' 
 `` of course ! '' 
 i answered , a little more cheerfully than i intended . 
 he was acting weird and it was making me nervous . 
 `` let 's go to the guest room , '' he said . 
 he grabbed my hand and led me down the hall . 
 my pulse pounded in my ears . 
 what did he want to tell me that he did n't want anyone else overhearing ? 
 after i stepped through , he locked the guest room door , his shoulders hunched over and tense . 
 his face was grim and he did n't say anything . 
 i did n't know why , but my eyes were starting to sting . 
 the past few days with hunter had been wonderful , but i knew it could n't last forever . 
 did he need to go back to studsen ? 
 he could n't just skip all of his classes , no matter how smart he was . 
 even so , i was n't quite ready for him to leave yet . 
 hunter cleared his throat , breaking into my thoughts . 
 `` uh ... so , i know we did n't talk about this a lot , but ... '' `` what is it ? 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 i asked , my chest tight with anxiety . 
 `` my ms ... '' my heart raced . 
 `` oh my god . 
 is it getting worse ? 
 i thought - '' `` no ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 i flinched at his tone and took a step back . 
 i had n't expected such a strong reaction from him . 
 he shook his head slowly . 
 `` no , '' he said , more softly this time . 
 `` it 's not like that . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 `` it 's not ? 
 you 're okay ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 first i felt relieved , but then i noticed the look on hunter 's face . 
 his eyes were downcast and he shook his head . 
 `` listen , i ca n't stand you thinking that i 'm gon na die any second . 
 that kills me . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i just ... '' i knew hunter was right . 
 even though it was too late , i wished i could take my words back . 
 why was he always able to be so strong for me but i kept messing it up ? 
 he was trying to tell me something important , and the only thing i could think about was my own irrational fear . 
 i was treating him the same way everyone else did when they found about about his ms. i had hurt him . 
 `` it 's okay , '' he said , letting out a heavy sigh . 
 i swallowed the lump in my throat . 
 i felt like i owed him an explanation . 
 `` i know how important this is to you , but this is just all so new to me . 
 i 'm - i 'm scared . '' 
 his gray eyes searched my face with an intense focus . 
 then he nodded , his jaw working slowly . 
 `` i know you 're trying . 
 do n't be scared . 
 sometimes when you 're in a fight being afraid of getting hit is worse than the hit itself . '' 
 i nodded , my lips trembling . 
 he grabbed my shoulders and held me to him tightly . 
 i rested my face on his shoulder , inhaling his scent . 
 just being close to him was making me calmer . 
 whatever hunter wanted to tell me , i was ready for it . 
 there was no reason to be afraid . 
 after a few more moments of taking deep , shuddering breaths , i felt more composed again and pulled away . 
 `` what did you want to tell me ? '' 
 i asked , wiping the moisture from my eyes . 
 hunter walked over to the small gym bag he had brought . 
 he pulled out a small black pouch and sat down on the bed with a deep breath . 
 his fists clenched and released . 
 `` can we sit down ? '' 
 i followed him over to the bed , not taking my eyes off of the pouch . 
 what was in it that would make him react this way ? 
 i put my arm around his shoulders and felt his muscles knotted and tight . 
 his back rose and fell with his breathing . 
 we sat there for a few moments . 
 i waited for him to get ready for whatever he was about to tell me , my pulse pounding in my ears . 
 `` i wan na show you something , '' he said finally . 
 i nodded , trying to keep my mind clear . 
 hunter unzipped the pouch and opened it on his leg . 
 there was a syringe and a small vial of amber liquid . 
 the curved glass and cruel metal of the syringe made it look dangerous . 
 i held my breath . 
 thousands of questions popped through the haze of my mind and threatened to spill out of my mouth , but i was determined not to mess it up again . 
 whatever this was about , hunter had chosen to share it with me . 
 the least i could do was be patient and let him take it at his own pace . 
 `` lorrie , this is my ... '' his voice cracked . 
 i took his hand in mine , squeezing his calloused fingers in encouragement . 
 his eyes darted around my face . 
 he sucked in a deep breath before continuing . 
 `` this is my ms treatment . 
 i got ta inject it every two weeks . 
 tonight 's the night . '' 
 i stared at the syringe kit in his pouch for a while , trying to steady my breathing . 
 i could tell that he was studying my reaction carefully so i tried to keep my face neutral , but my heart was in my throat . 
 even after he had told me about his condition , it did n't feel real to me . 
 hunter still seemed like he was mostly fine , except for the injuries he got from the fight . 
 but now , with his treatment right in front of me , it was suddenly very , very real . 
 hunter cleared his throat . 
 `` usually , i get the shots at the health center on campus , but i got ta do them myself tonight . '' 
 i could n't think of what to say . 
 i knew that he was showing me this for a reason , but i did n't want to say something stupid like i had earlier . 
 even though i could feel his body 's warmth , the silence between us expanded until it felt like we were miles apart . 
 `` is - '' `` lor - '' we both started talking at once , and then stopped . 
 neither of us said anything for a few seconds , lost in our own thoughts . 
 hunter spoke first . 
 `` sorry , you go first . '' 
 i took a deep breath so it would n't feel like i was suffocating . 
 if i did n't understand much about hunter 's condition , maybe the best thing to do was to just ask him about it . 
 `` will it make you better ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` it just prevents the episodes from getting worse . '' 
 it was a stupid question and i kicked myself mentally for even asking it . 
 he had said that there was no cure . 
 i pointed to the pouch . 
 `` does it hurt ? 
 i mean , you know , the needle . '' 
 his eyebrows furrowed as he considered it for a second . 
 `` not as much as being in a fight , '' he said . 
 then his hand gripped tighter around mine . 
 `` but afterwards , i feel weak . '' 
 i gave his hand a little squeeze back and looked down into my lap . 
 i did n't want him to see the tears starting to well up in my eyes . 
 my heart was breaking for him . 
 he had to take a shot that made him feel weaker to keep his condition from getting worse . 
 a helpless fury rose in my chest . 
 this was n't fair . 
 none of this was fair . 
 `` it 's kinda one of the side effects , '' he added after some time . 
 his gray eyes were big and soft , and i wanted to say so many things to him , but i did n't know how to say it , so i just held his hand and leaned my head on his shoulder . 
 `` i wanted to show you , '' he mumbled , his voice low . 
 `` see if ... i dunno . 
 i guess to see if you wanted to help . '' 
 `` of course , '' i answered quickly . 
 `` of course i 'll help you . 
 just teach me how . '' 
 i hoped he could n't hear the shakiness in my voice . 
 a sad smile broke across his face , and his eyes crinkled . 
 i wanted to hug him and tell him that he would n't have to deal with this alone again , but my throat was too choked up with nerves . 
 `` i 'll fill up the syringe myself , then i 'll need your help , '' he said . 
 i gave him an encouraging nod and hunter uncapped the syringe and stuck it into the rubber seal on top of the vial , drawing out the liquid . 
 he flipped the tip of the needle up and tapped the syringe lightly , before squirting a little bit of the amber fluid out of the top . 
 i watched his actions closely . 
 if hunter and i were going to have a future together , how many times would i have to help him with his injection ? 
 twenty ? 
 a hundred ? 
 i had to pay attention . 
 he was showing me the reality of his life and i could n't mess this up . 
 the gravity of the situation was heavy and suffocating , but i knew i had to do this . 
 `` can you open up one of those alcohol pads ? '' 
 he asked , pointing to the the shiny foil packets . 
 i pulled out one of the packets and tried to rip it open . 
 the packaging seemed to be designed to be difficult . 
 even after i twisted the damn square every which way it would n't tear . 
 the harder i tried , the more slippery it got in my clammy hands . 
 every failed attempt was making my hands shake harder . 
 `` damnit , '' i threw it on the bed , frustrated . 
 hunter watched me but did n't make a comment , he just reached into the black bag to give me a new foil packet . 
 i sucked in air through my teeth , then wiped my sweaty hands on my jeans before taking the shiny square from him . 
 i was n't going to give up . 
 this time , it tore open with ease . 
 the sharp smell of rubbing alcohol greeted my nose . 
 hunter unbuckled his belt with one hand and slid his pants halfway to his knees . 
 an image of aunt caroline walking in on us flashed through my mind before i burned it out with a vengeance . 
 i had to focus on hunter right now . 
 `` just rub the pad on my left thigh , '' he said , pointing to an area on his leg . 
 `` right here is fine . '' 
 i swabbed his skin at the spot he was pointing to , the alcohol evaporating quickly from my fingers and making them cold . 
 `` here , '' he said after i threw the pad out . 
 he held the syringe between two fingers and offered it to to me . 
 i paused to take several deep breaths before accepting it from him . 
 the syringe felt heavier than it looked , like it was made of stone . 
 sweat beaded on my brow , making my head itchy and uncomfortable . 
 i tried to hold the needle upright , but my hand was shaking furiously . 
 `` lorrie , can you do this ? '' 
 `` i do n't want to mess up , '' i croaked . 
 `` i do n't want to hurt you . '' 
 he gave my shoulder a light squeeze . 
 `` you wo n't . 
 i trust you . '' 
 i looked into his soft gray eyes , blinking away the stinging in my own . 
 this was n't about me , this was about hunter . 
 he was showing me that he could trust me with his pain . 
 if i did n't do this , it would hurt him more than anything else i could possibly do . 
 i had to be brave . 
 i could n't let him down . 
 `` inject it right where you swabbed me . 
 it needs to hit the muscle , then you just push the plunger in . '' 
 i nodded , swallowing a few times but unable to get rid of the tightness in my throat . 
 my heart raced . 
 i can do this . 
 it felt like i could n't breathe . 
 i was near the edge of panic , but i was n't going to let emotions get to better of me . 
 hunter trusts me . 
 closing my eyes i forced myself to take a large lungful of air . 
 i can be strong for him . 
 in one quick movement , i stuck the needle into his thigh and pressed my thumb down on the plunger , pushing the liquid into him . 
 we both let out a sigh . 
 we had done it . 
 together . 
 after my hand stopped feeling shaky , i plucked the syringe out and handed it to him . 
 he capped the tip of the needle and put it back into the pouch . 
 a small droplet of blood dotted the point where the needle went into his thigh and hunter smeared it away with his thumb . 
 i took deep shuddering breaths , feeling a numb tingling in my fingers . 
 hunter put his pants back on , and then sat down on the bed again . 
 he reached a hand to the back of my neck , pulling my face in until our foreheads were together . 
 `` thank you , '' he said , eyes closed and breathing slowly . 
 `` thanks for letting me help , '' i whispered back . 
 hunter looked directly at me , an intense expression on his face . 
 we held each other for a few moments , taking deep breaths and trying to gather ourselves again . 
 it felt like we had passed another milestone today . 
 i knew that hunter did n't really need me to help with his injection . 
 he could have easily done it himself . 
 what he 'd done was choose to let me see the pain he was dealing with . 
 everyone saw the tattoos and muscles , but hunter had shown me something deeper today . 
 he was n't a mountain of meat that could take any abuse thrown at him in a cage . 
 he was real . 
 he had hopes and dreams and a heart bigger than that of anyone i 'd ever met . 
 i had broken that heart once , but he still came to find me . 
 now , he was n't hiding his problems from me anymore and we were finally starting to face them together . 
 it was terrifying , but i knew that i was at least strong enough to not run away . 
 the mess we had made of things while we were at studsen seemed like it was so long ago . 
 i studied his face closely . 
 many of the bruises he had from the fight were already starting the turn yellow . 
 `` how are your injuries feeling ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` they 're healing . 
 i think i 'll be fine . '' 
 i threw my arms around hunter and pecked him quickly on the lips . 
 his eyes brightened and shot up , a slow smile spreading across his face . 
 `` what was that for ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , just because , '' i said , smiling back . 
 he gave me a hug and i sank into him , putting my head on his chest . 
 i could hear his heart beating right next to my ear . 
 i briefly thought about telling him about the letter that i had written back to marco , but then decided against it . 
 i did n't want to ruin this moment with talk about my mother 's murderer . 
 hunter and i just held each other , basking in the moment . 
 i wanted this to last forever . 
 `` how long can you stay ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you ca n't just skip all your classes . '' 
 he paused a moment before answering . 
 `` well , thing is ... after i got knocked out at that fight , i applied for a leave of absence . 
 arrowhart was cool about it , since they know about my ms and all . '' 
 my mind raced , processing the fact that hunter had dropped the semester . 
 he had n't dropped out entirely , but still , this was a big deal . 
 `` but i thought you were so close to graduating , '' i said . 
 `` i could n't focus on school with you gone and i needed some time to recover anyway . 
 do n't worry about me graduating , i only have a few credits left . 
 i can probably just take them online when i need to . '' 
 i frowned but did n't say anything . 
 hunter had been doing pretty well in school , or at least a lot better than me . 
 if he thought he had it under control , then it was probably fine . 
 `` what are you planning on doing in the meantime ? '' 
 `` i just want to stay close to you right now . 
 at some point , i was thinking of moving to a motel or something , i do n't want to impose on your aunt and uncle . 
 i 've got some money left over from my fights so it 's cool . '' 
 my heart danced with joy . 
 i gave hunter a big wet kiss on the lips . 
 we still had a lot of things to deal with but at least we 'd have some time to figure them out . 
 chapter nine fun and games hunter had told me he was usually weak after his treatment , but the next day he seemed pretty normal . 
 a little tired , maybe , but nowhere near as bad as i feared . 
 the whole family spent most of the day lounging around the house . 
 the only exception was when i went with my uncle to get a new phone . 
 hunter stayed behind to rest . 
 when we got back , he seemed animated and generally much more like himself , so much so that he volunteered to help with dishes after dinner . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 i asked , once my aunt and uncle were out of earshot . 
 the boys had already left to go play . 
 `` good , '' he answered . 
 i waited for more , but he did n't offer anything else . 
 shrugging , i turned to get another dish from the counter and found one of the kittens on the counter , pawing at the food on a plate . 
 i cried out in surprise and hunter snapped his head around . 
 `` bones ! '' 
 he said sternly . 
 `` get down ! '' 
 bones froze for a second , then scurried away . 
 shaking my head , i went back to the dishes . 
 after a little while , i noticed hunter watching me . 
 `` is something wrong ? '' 
 i asked , turning to him . 
 he stuck his lower lip out and shook his head . 
 `` nope . 
 was just looking to see if i think you might wan na go out tonight . 
 i 'm starting to think you 're getting a little stir-crazy . '' 
 i bit my lip and thought about it . 
 he was kind of right . 
 the trip with my uncle to the mall had been the only time i 'd been out other than therapy since i 'd come back from studsen . 
 still , though , how would my aunt and uncle feel about us going out ? 
 they said they wanted whatever was best for my happiness , but i did n't want to disrespect them . 
 `` we could go out , '' i said tentatively . 
 `` but i do n't think we should go anywhere that involves drinking . 
 beyond the problems with driving drunk , i do n't think my aunt and uncle would like it . '' 
 `` no problem , '' hunter said . 
 `` i have something in mind i think you 'll like . '' 
 i thought about asking him if he was sure he was up for it , but stopped myself . 
 that would make him feel like i was treating him as a patient . 
 he could be responsible for his own limits . 
 `` okay , '' i said . 
 `` where is it ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` it 's a surprise . '' 
 i pursed my lips , but the look on his face brought a grin to my face . 
 `` sounds good . '' 
 we finished up the dishes , told my aunt and uncle we were going out-they asked us not to be out too late-and soon we were in hunter 's car , on the way to his surprise destination . 
 a smile played on my lips as we got close . 
 i knew my way around eltingville well enough to know where we were headed . 
 hunter noticed my expression . 
 `` have you guessed where we 're going ? '' 
 `` you 're taking me to the carnival ! '' 
 i said happily . 
 he laughed . 
 `` i guess it was ambitious to try to surprise you in a town you know better than i do . '' 
 `` no , it 's perfect . 
 thank you for thinking of this . '' 
 we pulled into the parking lot a minute later . 
 `` you 're gon na love this next bit . 
 close your eyes . '' 
 i obeyed , still excited with the prospect of the carnival . 
 hunter reached noisily behind him to the back seat , retrieved what he had been looking for , and then sat forward again . 
 `` alright , '' he said . 
 `` open your eyes . '' 
 when i saw what it was , i squealed in delight . 
 he had brought the bag of art supplies i had left at school . 
 a sketchbook and several pens were contained inside . 
 he even brought the portfolio i had been working on for the art competition . 
 `` how did you get these ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` daniela helped me out . 
 i asked her if there was anything important you might 've left behind and she gave me this . '' 
 i could n't believe she had managed to keep the secret from me . 
 a stupid grin on my face , i scooped up the bag into my lap . 
 `` thank you so much ! '' 
 i said . 
 `` this was really thoughtful . '' 
 i leaned over and gave him a quick kiss . 
 he smiled and looked generally satisfied with himself . 
 `` glad you 're happy with them . 
 you know , you can still mail in your portfolio to enter the competition . '' 
 `` but i 'm not on campus anymore . '' 
 `` you 're on leave right ? 
 if you can still submit it , i think you should give it a shot . '' 
 maybe that would be good . 
 aunt caroline had suggested that focusing on something would help me recover . 
 this could be just what i needed . 
 `` yeah . 
 i think i might do that . '' 
 i smiled at hunter . 
 he was so encouraging . 
 `` alright , ready to go ? 
 we got ta find you some things to draw . '' 
 i nodded happily . 
 we got out of the car and went into the carnival , my art supplies in hand . 
 unlike when hunter had taken me to the abandoned amusement park , this carnival was brightly lit and full of life . 
 the place was n't overcrowded , but it definitely seemed like the most popular attraction in town . 
 most of the people there were either high school students or couples like us . 
 the mix of screams , music , and loud conversation made it very noisy . 
 we walked around the grounds hand in hand , playing a few games and eating sweets . 
 i was on the lookout for something fun to sketch . 
 a familiar voice came from my right . 
 `` i hope you are recovering well . '' 
 i stopped in my tracks and turned , a chill running down my spine . 
 marco . 
 but he was nowhere to be seen . 
 i sucked in deep breaths and turned back to hunter , who looked at me worriedly . 
 `` you alright ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i did n't want to bring our evening down by talking about marco . 
 it was n't a big deal anyway , it was probably just because this was the first time i 'd been out of the house in a while . 
 i looked around the area for something to talk about so we could change the subject . 
 when i saw a game that measured the player 's strength punching a bag , i had just the ticket . 
 i motioned to the game with my free hand as we walked near it . 
 `` think you can win top prize on that game ? '' 
 i asked , trying to keep my voice steady . 
 hunter flashed me a suspicious look , but his expression changed when he saw what i was talking about . 
 `` come on . 
 i 'll break the game . '' 
 `` wow , '' i said , grateful for my quick thinking . 
 `` you sound confident . '' 
 `` i am , '' hunter said with a smirk as we walked over to the tent . 
 a crowd of high schoolers were gathered around watching the biggest guy in their group take his shot at the game . 
 after some encouragement from his friends , he wound up and took a big , wild swing . 
 the bag shot back with a loud thwack and a digital score appeared on the board . 
 `` seventy-two hundred ! '' 
 the operator boomed . 
 `` ya need ten thousand to get bernie . 
 wan na try again ? '' 
 i looked around the booth to see who `` bernie '' was and found the answer in a pile of giant stuffed st. bernard dogs . 
 they were easily four feet long and super cute . 
 maybe i never had a pet dog when i was younger , but a stuffed one would make me happy now . 
 `` if you 're so confident , then i want one of those dogs , '' i said , pointing at the prizes . 
 hunter looked over at me and flashed a grin . 
 `` no problem , babe . '' 
 the operator , a balding man with a thin , gray mustache and black wireframe glasses that sat a little too low on his nose , was already scanning for his next customer . 
 he knew before the high schoolers had even left that they were n't going to use any more of their tickets on this game . 
 `` does the little lady want to try her punching power ? '' 
 he asked , as the previous group was still meandering away . 
 his voice was scratchy , which made me think he was a smoker . 
 i looked to hunter , who spoke up . 
 `` i do . '' 
 the operator looked at the prizes behind him quickly then gave hunter a gap-toothed smile . 
 `` alrighty , son . 
 that 'll be one ticket . '' 
 hunter handed over the ticket and then quickly removed his sweatshirt . 
 his back and shoulders bulged against the thin white t-shirt he wore underneath . 
 his natural scent washed over me in a quick wave , causing my skin to flush . 
 the operator 's eyebrows shot up when he saw hunter getting prepared . 
 `` making sure you 're unimpeded , i see . 
 do you work out ? '' 
 hunter smiled in the way he did when people were patronizing him . 
 `` just tell me when to punch the bag . '' 
 `` step right up . 
 whenever you 're ready . '' 
 hunter wound up and hit the bag with a ferocious straight right hand . 
 whereas the previous puncher had taken a wild , looping swing , hunter 's motion was tight and efficient . 
 the bag smacked hard against the machine with a sound between a car backfiring and a gunshot . 
 some people walking by stopped in their tracks to see what was going on . 
 a low whistle emerged from the operator 's lips . 
 `` twenty-seven thousand , two-hundred , '' he said , almost to himself . 
 hunter looked satisfied with himself . 
 `` let 's have the dog , please . '' 
 the operator picked up one of the bernies and handed it to him , still stunned . 
 `` highest score i ever seen on that thing . 
 that was some nice form . 
 you box ? '' 
 hunter handed me the stuffed dog and turned back to the operator . 
 `` kinda . '' 
 the operator nodded . 
 `` well , you should keep it sharp . 
 i dunno if you 're from ` round here , but there 's a gym in town where you could get some work on . 
 clint might even give you some work if you wan na train some youngins '' `` gotcha . 
 maybe i 'll check it out . 
 thanks for the tip . '' 
 `` my pleasure . 
 hope you enjoy that dog little lady . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i said , giving the dog a big hug . 
 hunter smiled and put his arm around me as we walked away , his sweatshirt over his other shoulder . 
 people walking by stared at the giant stuffed dog in my arms . 
 it made me feel like a celebrity . 
 `` when did you start boxing , anyway ? '' 
 i asked , after we 'd been walking for a little while . 
 hunter squeezed my shoulder a little bit . 
 `` i boxed and wrestled in high school , but i did n't get into mma in college until after i got kicked out of air force rotc . '' 
 of course . 
 that 's why he had an air force shirt , and his place was so neat . 
 `` is rotc why you studied physics ? '' 
 `` yeah , it 's a good major if you wan na get into the air force . 
 shows you 're disciplined , and having that kind of knowledge is useful for all sorts of stuff in the military . '' 
 `` why did you get kicked out ? '' 
 `` it was 'cause of my ms. air force policy . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said quietly . 
 `` it was something i 'd been working for since i was in high school . 
 i just wanted to get up in a plane and fly away from all the bullshit , but whatever . 
 it 's over now . '' 
 he looked down and kicked a rock out of the way . 
 it must 've been difficult for him , to have his dreams dashed , just because of some disease that he could n't control . 
 `` it 's never a bad thing to chase your dreams , '' i said . 
 trying to distract him , i decided to bring up something that had been on my mind lately . 
 `` i wish i had some idea of what i want in the future . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` no big deal , you got a lot of time to figure it out . '' 
 `` i think it might help me move on if i figured it out sooner rather than later . '' 
 `` what about art ? '' 
 he asked , pointing to the sketchbook in my arms . 
 i thought about it for a second . 
 he did have a point . 
 art was something i was naturally drawn to . 
 `` yeah , maybe . 
 i 'm thinking about it . 
 i do n't think i was doing super well at arrowhart anyway . 
 none of those classes were very interesting . 
 i know daniela really liked her psych classes , but i never got into any of them . '' 
 `` maybe you can go to art school or something . '' 
 i nodded , staring into the distance . 
 it seemed scary , but maybe it was something i could look into . 
 `` if i had a ton of money , i 'd pay for your drawings , '' he said , his eyes crinkling with his smile . 
 i smiled and hugged him close , giving him a kiss on the cheek . 
 i could tell he was still a little bothered about our talk about the air force . 
 we came to the food court and took a seat at a free table . 
 hunter went to go get some food while i sat my new stuffed animal next to me and got out my drawing supplies . 
 maybe i could draw him something to try and bring his spirits up . 
 i looked around to see if there was anything good to sketch , before deciding on what i wanted . 
 working quickly , i began a sketch of hunter at the punching game , adding plenty of my own twists . 
 by the time he came back with our treats , i was already well on the way to finishing up . 
 i hid it with my hand as he approached . 
 `` whatcha working on ? '' 
 he asked , putting the plate with a funnel cake in front of me . 
 `` do n't look , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm almost done . '' 
 he chuckled and looked away . 
 `` alright . 
 do n't let your snack get cold , though . '' 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 a minute later , i picked up the sweet pastry-which was still warm-and turned my sketchbook so hunter could see my handiwork . 
 he took one look at it and laughed . 
 `` is that me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yup . 
 i did take some artistic liberties ... '' `` is that why i 'm wearing a cape with a hammer on it ? '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` yeah . 
 i mean , technically , it 's a drawing of your alter-ego the hammer as you rescue bernie from the clutches of the evil carnival man . '' 
 he pointed at the depiction of bernie . 
 `` why is bernie wearing a cape too ? '' 
 `` bernie is your sidekick . 
 he 's gon na be there to protect you . '' 
 he stared at the drawing for a second longer before looking up . 
 `` and where are you ? '' 
 he asked , locking eyes with me . 
 his expression sent a warm surge through my body . 
 `` waiting for you in your bed so i can polish your hammer after a hard day of saving the world , '' i said mischievously . 
 his mouth opened slightly and he licked his lips , then looked away . 
 `` we should probably head back after this , do n't you think ? '' 
 i took a giant bite of powdery sugar goodness . 
 `` sounds good to me . '' 
 fifteen minutes later we were in hunter 's car driving back home . 
 bernie was riding in the back seat with my art stuff . 
 `` that was fun , '' i said , staring out the passenger window . 
 `` i love my aunt and uncle , but getting out and away from them for a bit was nice . '' 
 `` yeah it was fun . 
 i like your aunt and uncle though . 
 seeing a functional family is kinda a new experience for me . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i asked , before i could think better of it . 
 `` my parents are deadbeats , '' hunter said simply . 
 `` best case , they ignored me . 
 worst case , they wanted to get me involved by beating up their dealer or something . 
 it was kinda a lose-lose . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry i brought it up . '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' he said as we passed by the perkins house . 
 `` it just makes me wonder if i could ever have a happy family . 
 like putting myself in your uncle 's shoes is hard . 
 i kinda wonder if i could do that because i do n't really have any role models for it . '' 
 `` well you do n't have to worry about that for a while . 
 speaking of my uncle , you missed their house . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 he looked at me with a wicked grin and drove for a couple minutes more before pulling over in a secluded area under some trees at the end of a cul de sac . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i asked , an edgy heat rising in my core as i anticipated the answer . 
 `` what do you want to do ? '' 
 he replied . 
 his eyes on me , he unbuckled his seatbelt and ran his fingers through my hair . 
 his touch sent a charge through me , and i began to breathe unsteadily . 
 had it really only been a few weeks ? 
 `` hunter , i ... '' i trailed off . 
 hunter pulled his hand away , though he kept his gaze on mine . 
 `` if you do n't want to or you are n't ready , i understand . 
 i just thought - '' i grabbed the hand he 'd pulled away and brought it back . 
 `` do you have a condom ? '' 
 i whispered , my heart beating in my ears . 
 a smile cracked across his face as he dug into his pocket and held up a gold foil package with black letters . 
 i bit my lip and turned to get out of the car . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` back seat . '' 
 i opened the door and stepped out . 
 the doors clicked unlocked , then he got out of the car , turned around and opened the back door . 
 he looked at me over the car . 
 `` get in , '' he said . 
 i opened the back door , got in , and closed it . 
 he followed , and we were together in the back seat , sitting like we were expecting the driver to get in any moment . 
 with bernie in the corner . 
 hunter grabbed the stuffed animal he had won behind its head and shoved him to the front seat . 
 `` i do n't think bernie wants to see this . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` it kind of smells like kittens back here . '' 
 hunter shrugged , then brought his hand behind my head and kissed me warmly on the lips . 
 the heat of his mouth was a pleasurable contrast to the cool spring evening . 
 our tongues tangled deliciously . 
 this time there was no holding back . 
 gradually , hunter got onto his knees on the seat and rocked me onto my back , my legs on either side of him . 
 his hand still cradled my head , keeping it from hitting the door . 
 his free hand came around my back and i felt the familiar sensation of his fingers on my bra clasp . 
 `` you 're sure this is okay ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i do n't wan na go too fast . '' 
 i grabbed his c ** k through his jeans , and its responsiveness to my touch caused a shiver of excited energy to pass through me . 
 every hair on my body stood on end . 
 he was hard and getting harder . 
 `` yes , '' i whispered breathlessly . 
 he unclasped my bra and brought me to sitting up to remove my shirt . 
 the air was cold against my suddenly naked skin . 
 he seemed to read my mind and removed his sweatshirt and then his undershirt . 
 i felt the warmth of his body heat even before he pressed me close to him . 
 he put his sweatshirt behind me for use as a pillow and eased me back down . 
 the mix of his sweat and natural scent that i had gotten a brief hint of earlier now hung in the air , and it drove me crazy with need for him . 
 `` hurry up , '' i urged . 
 he obliged , rocking back taking off my shoes and socks first , then my jeans and finally my underwear . 
 i pulled the arms of his sweatshirt around my chest to keep warm . 
 each article of my clothing was deposited into a pile on the driver side of the car . 
 his clothes quickly followed into a similar pile on the passenger side , by my head . 
 he took off his underwear last . 
 my first glimpse of his c ** k since he 'd come to get me made me wet with desire . 
 i did n't want or need any more foreplay . 
 he needed to be inside me . 
 now . 
 `` where 's that condom ? '' 
 i moaned , looking from his thick c ** k to his face . 
 `` i want you inside me . '' 
 as i heard him tearing open the wrapper , i closed my eyes and leaned my head back into his hoodie . 
 my skin was flushed and sensitive to every bit of sensation . 
 i had n't realized until that moment how much i had been waiting for this moment . 
 the head of his c ** k pushed against the folds of my sex and paused there briefly , positioning . 
 then he pushed inside me and i felt myself hug tightly around him . 
 `` fuck , '' he groaned , easing his hips into me until i had taken him to the hilt . 
 `` you feel so amazing . '' 
 `` hunter , '' i breathed , throwing my arms around his neck and digging my nails in . 
 he rocked back and then began to ram himself in and out of me , pounding me as if he were putting every bit of energy he could into this one act . 
 pleasure rippled through me from my core to my fingers and toes . 
 my hands went from around his neck to pawing at his hard chest . 
 every second dripped with ecstasy . 
 i felt a body-shattering orgasm slowly building . 
 hunter managed to find another gear , and his increased urgency told me he was close too . 
 i cupped his taut ass with both hands as he pumped into me . 
 my entire body clenched in anticipation of my climax . 
 `` lorrie , '' he moaned into my ear . 
 my back arched and came together , my body tightening and then releasing in a rush that made me temporarily unaware of the world around me . 
 every inch of me soaked in the sensation of my bliss . 
 hunter 's skin erupted in goosebumps as he came . 
 even through the condom , i could feel the warmth of his cum . 
 he collapsed against me , spent . 
 `` wow , '' i said , running my hand through his hair . 
 we held each other for a few minutes . 
 finally , he pulled himself up and then out of me before removing and neatly tying off the end of the condom . 
 he reached to the front of the car and put it in a cup holder . 
 i made a mental note to be sure we threw that away as soon as possible . 
 he came back and hugged me close to him for a quick post-sex cuddle . 
 `` this is perfect , '' i sighed . 
 `` i do n't want you to have to leave . '' 
 he touched his fingers to my nape . 
 `` i talked to your aunt about that , actually . 
 or tried to , anyway . '' 
 my spine stiffened . 
 `` what ? 
 when ? 
 and when were you planning to tell me about this ? '' 
 he furrowed his brows . 
 `` tonight . 
 i 'm telling you right now . 
 and i talked to her while you and your uncle were out getting a phone . '' 
 `` okay , sorry . 
 what did she say ? '' 
 `` i said i tried to talk to her . 
 she was having none of it and insisted that she and uncle stewart had talked and would be absolutely furious if i moved into a motel . 
 they want me to stay and keep working on the dining room and she was n't going to discuss the matter anymore . '' 
 my eyebrows shot up , and if it was possible my stomach was feeling even more fuzzy than before . 
 `` so you 're not leaving anytime soon ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` at least not for a while , the dining room is going to take some time . 
 maybe a few weeks at least . '' 
 i hugged him with a big grin on my face . 
 after we felt like we were composed enough , we got dressed and went back to the house . 
 i could n't be any happier . 
 chapter ten perfect the next day hunter and i went on a date to an old movie theater in town and watched a zombie movie from the seventies . 
 it was cheesy enough that the whole theater alternated between laughs and some actual thrills , and we both had a great time . 
 `` old movie theaters are so much fun , '' i said as we walked in the front door . 
 `` yup , '' he said . 
 `` and i did n't even flinch when the zombies came . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` i was watching you , babe . 
 your eyes were closed . '' 
 his face fell . 
 `` come on , it was just that one time . 
 i 'm getting better ! '' 
 i threw my arms around him and gave him a quick kiss on the lips . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i still think you 're a sexy , brave man , even if you are a wimp when we watch scary movies . '' 
 he smiled and went to go hang up his jacket . 
 i pulled my phone out of my jeans pocket and checked it for the first time since we had gone into the movie . 
 i was surprised to see a call from daniela . 
 wondering what was up , i went to my room to call her back . 
 i found the missed call on my phone and put the phone to my ear . 
 she answered after two rings . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 she said brightly . 
 `` hi . 
 sorry i missed your call . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 `` not too much , '' she said . 
 `` just , you know , checking in to get the juice about hunter . '' 
 my heart sank . 
 i 'd forgotten to call her the previous night . 
 `` oh , yeah , sorry . 
 i was going to call you , '' i said . 
 `` things have just been so busy . '' 
 `` it 's okay , just spill . 
 how has it been ? '' 
 i gave her a pretty detailed blow-by-blow of the last couple days , including thanking her for giving hunter my art supplies . 
 still , i did n't tell her anything about hunter 's ms , it was n't my secret to share . 
 she listened patiently and waited until i was done to talk . 
 `` well i 'm really glad it sounds like you guys are going strong again . '' 
 were we going strong ? 
 i guess we were . 
 things sure had changed quickly . 
 `` yeah . 
 i do n't know how it 's going to work out long-term but we 're trying . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you two will make it if you really want to . '' 
 i swallowed and listened to my heart pound in my ears . 
 `` i hope so ... '' there was silence for a minute . 
 thankfully , daniela changed the subject . 
 `` well ... the other reason i was calling was to tell you i 'm not going to be able to make it to your aunt 's place for spring break . 
 i 'm really sorry , but i just ca n't make it work with the flights now . 
 i 'm actually doing an alternative spring break in haiti now . 
 i promise i 'll make it up to you somehow . '' 
 my heart skipped a beat . 
 i was sad daniela was n't going to come , but of course she had her own life to live . 
 `` oh , that 's okay . 
 i know life can get crazy , and this sounds like a great opportunity . 
 it 's really great that you 're going on an asb . 
 what are you doing in haiti ? '' 
 `` we 're building houses in the area that got hit by the earthquake . 
 i think it 's the same place sean penn has been doing stuff . 
 maybe we 'll meet him . '' 
 i knew that tone . 
 `` hang on a second . 
 who 's ` we ' in this case ? '' 
 i asked , a smile creeping on my face . 
 `` is there something you are n't telling me about ? 
 or , you know , someone ? '' 
 she answered so quickly i could barely understand her . 
 `` his name is kyle and he 's pre-med and he 's so smart and so gorgeous and i really hope you can meet him ! 
 he wants to be a psychiatrist . '' 
 i laughed . 
 it felt good that daniela had n't changed . 
 `` i hope so too . 
 maybe over the summer . 
 how long have you guys been seeing each other ? '' 
 `` we hooked up last week but things have been going super well and i already feel like we 're in love . '' 
 i rolled my eyes , but hoped for the best . 
 `` well , it sounds promising . 
 i 'll have to facebook stalk him when i get a minute . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 anyway , i 'm really sorry i ca n't come . 
 i 'll make it up to you somehow , i promise . '' 
 `` really , it 's okay . 
 i 'm glad you 're doing this asb thing . 
 it sounds like it 'll be fun . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i stared at the room 's light blue walls and thought about when i was going to see daniela again . 
 `` so if you 're not coming for spring break , do you know what you 're going to be doing this summer ? 
 we really need to find a way to meet up . '' 
 `` not yet . 
 waiting to hear back on some internships but if there are n't any openings i might just stay in studsen and see if i can pick something up . 
 i 'll definitely let you know when i figure things out , and we can find some way to meet up . '' 
 `` what 's kyle doing ? '' 
 i asked mischievously . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe we 'll talk about it tonight . '' 
 i knew this tone too . 
 `` you 're seeing him tonight ? 
 what are you two doing ? '' 
 `` hanging out . 
 here , actually . 
 we 're going to watch the dark knight rises . '' 
 my face grew hot and i said nothing . 
 that night with hunter in my dorm room felt like forever ago , even if it had only been a month . 
 daniela laughed . 
 `` you inspired me . 
 i 've ... got some things in mind for him . 
 anyway , i have to go . 
 he 's coming over in an hour and i still have to get ready . '' 
 `` okay , '' i said , my face still warm . 
 `` have fun tonight , and if i do n't talk to you , have fun in haiti . 
 be safe . '' 
 `` oh , we 'll be safe . 
 kyle might have some doubts tonight , but we 'll be safe . '' 
 my eyebrows shot up . 
 `` wow . 
 okay . 
 well , i hope you do n't scare him off . '' 
 `` handcuffs and body chocolate , lorrie ! 
 he will never see that movie the same way . 
 see ya ! '' 
 i giggled and hung up . 
 to her credit , she was probably right . 
 if i knew daniela , she was going to make sure kyle would n't forget the night his dark knight rose while he was watching the movie . 
 it was good to talk to her and hear she was doing well . 
 even though we were probably never going to live together again , she was still my closest girlfriend . 
 i needed to make a better effort to maintain that friendship . 
 having friends like her made me feel more connected to the real world and not get so trapped in my head . 
 still smiling , i walked back to the living room where the family was gathered . 
 hunter was seated on one couch , while my aunt and uncle were on the other . 
 the boys were on the carpet playing with the kittens , as usual . 
 `` where did you go ? '' 
 hunter asked . 
 `` and what are you smiling about ? '' 
 i did my best to wipe the smile off my face as both my cousins turned to look at me . 
 `` oh , nothing . 
 just daniela up to her usual . '' 
 `` how 's she doing ? '' 
 i sat down on the couch next to him . 
 `` good . 
 she 's going to haiti on an alternative spring break to build houses for earthquake victims . '' 
 `` that 's commendable , '' my uncle said . 
 `` yeah , '' i said , laughing softly . 
 `` i think she 's really going because there 's a guy she started seeing who 's going . '' 
 `` ah , '' he said . 
 `` well that 's still nice , '' my aunt said diplomatically . 
 `` dad , where 's haiti ? '' 
 joel asked . 
 `` next to the dominican republic , '' my uncle answered . 
 `` where 's that ? '' 
 my uncle smirked . 
 he enjoyed these little teaching moments with his sons . 
 `` they 're both on the same island . 
 kind of close to florida , i guess . '' 
 that was the magic word . 
 `` florida ! 
 dad , when are we going to disney world again ? '' 
 `` yeah ! '' 
 his brother joined in . 
 `` when are we going to disney world ? 
 i wan na ride on the big kid rides ! '' 
 hunter and i laughed as the boys upped the pressure to go disney world . 
 the night passed in much the same vein . 
 it was amazing how much better i felt than i had a week before . 
 i did n't know what the future held , but for now , everything was perfect . 
 chapter eleven secrets the next morning we ate breakfast together . 
 after , i did some drawing while hunter worked on the dining room . 
 it felt good to be doing something positive after i had been barely able to get out of bed the previous week . 
 waking up then had been agony . 
 now , i was looking forward to what i was going to do with my day . 
 before i knew it , the sound of little feet scurrying through the house came from downstairs , followed by my aunt calling for the boys to stop running . 
 i looked at the clock . 
 it was already three-fifteen . 
 the kids had just gotten home from school . 
 i put some last touches on a sketch i 'd been doing of a real life bernie working as a ski-rescue dog and headed downstairs to the living room . 
 when i got there , i found the boys already horsing around with hunter as he `` taught them some wrestling moves '' while a couple of the kittens alternately watched and scurried out of the way . 
 aunt caroline was slicing apples in the kitchen for an afterschool snack . 
 `` do n't be too rough with him , you two , '' i said with a smirk . 
 they could combine all their muscle any way they wanted , there was no way they were moving hunter an inch . 
 that did n't stop it from being fun to try , though . 
 hunter was on all fours , with joel on his back and billy trying to take out one of his arms . 
 the boys squealed with delight when hunter stood up , joel still on hunter 's back with his arms around his neck and billy being lifted off the ground as he clung to hunter 's bicep . 
 `` megatron ! '' 
 billy yelled . 
 i was n't sure if billy thought hunter was megatron or he was megatron . 
 deciding hunter had things under control either way , i went to the kitchen to see if i could help aunt caroline with the boys ' snacks . 
 she had her nose in the pantry when i walked in . 
 `` hi aunt caroline , '' i said cheerfully . 
 she poked her head over her shoulder . 
 `` oh , hello dear . 
 i did n't hear you come in the kitchen . 
 have a good day ? 
 you hardly came down from your room . '' 
 `` yeah , i got a lot of drawing done . 
 can i help you with the snacks ? '' 
 she straightened her back and turned to me . 
 `` that would be lovely , '' she said . 
 `` i do n't know why , but i ca n't seem to find the peanut butter . 
 if you could find it and get some into a dish for the boys ' apple slices , that would be super . 
 i 'm going to go put in a load of laundry . '' 
 she went to the laundry room and i resumed the search for the peanut butter . 
 it ended up being behind some chicken noodle soup cans in the back of the pantry . 
 i took it out , globbed some peanut butter into a dish with a spoon , and set that in the middle of the plate of apple slices . 
 finally , i picked up the plate and brought it into the living room where the boys were still wrestling with hunter . 
 `` snack time , '' i said brightly . 
 the boys scampered over , with hunter close behind . 
 everyone took a slice and chowed down . 
 `` i do n't remember the last time i had apple slices with peanut butter , '' hunter said . 
 `` not sure i 've ever had it , to be honest . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 joel said . 
 `` our mom makes them for us all the time ! '' 
 hunter shrugged and chewed his snack in silence . 
 a buzzing came from my back pocket . 
 it took me a while to realize what it was . 
 i was still getting used to having a phone again . 
 i pulled it out and looked at the screen . 
 it was a chicago area code-which i knew from growing up there-but i did n't recognize the number . 
 my lips pursed , i hit answer and put the phone to my ear . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` is hunter there ? '' 
 the voice on the other line asked . 
 it was a woman and she sounded vaguely familiar , but i could n't quite place it . 
 `` who is this ? '' 
 i asked , putting the plate down on a coffee table . 
 hunter looked at me questioningly as i walked out of the room for some privacy , stopping at the foot of the stairs . 
 `` he 's there , is n't he ? 
 i knew it . '' 
 that tone of voice was familiar . 
 finally i recognized it . 
 `` is this ada ? '' 
 there was a brief silence on the other line . 
 i was right . 
 `` yeah , '' she said . 
 `` you need to put hunter on the phone right now . '' 
 her tone was irritating . 
 who the hell did she think she was to call me and start giving me orders ? 
 `` how did you get my number ? 
 why are you calling ? '' 
 she sighed loudly , then continued in a condescending tone . 
 `` hunter might die if he does n't get a test he skipped out on . '' 
 my stomach dropped and i felt my pulse pounding in my ears . 
 what the f ** k ? 
 was she lying ? 
 why would she lie about something like this ? '' 
 ... i 'm trying to get him to take it . 
 are you f ** king listening ? 
 is he there ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked , my voice shaky . 
 `` a test ? '' 
 `` at the hospital , yes . 
 i was there with him after he got knocked out . 
 the doctor told him he had to take this test at the end of the week to make sure his ms did n't start to get worse . 
 they said worst-case scenario , he could die . 
 like maybe in a few months . '' 
 `` how do you know he did n't take it ? '' 
 `` is he there or not ? '' 
 i closed my eyes . 
 `` yes , he 's here . '' 
 `` good , i knew he 'd go chasing you after you ditched him again , '' she said , speaking quickly . 
 the pattern on the wallpaper was starting to look like it was moving , and my breath came in short bursts . 
 `` i was worried he would drop everything and go after you . 
 looks like i was right . 
 i tried texting him but he did n't respond . 
 classic hunter , avoiding a test like this . 
 he has multiple sclerosis by the way . 
 i do n't know if he 's told you yet . '' 
 i bit my lip , trying to steady myself . 
 ada 's petty insults were n't worth getting upset over , but how could hunter have hidden this from me ? 
 why was he skipping out on this test ? 
 it sounded like it could be something serious . 
 despite her obnoxious tone , even ada would n't lie about something like this . 
 `` i also tried calling him and left messages , because , you know , i really wanted to talk to him and was worried that he had just disappeared . 
 well , that and i 'm not an emo , callous bitch . '' 
 that was enough . 
 maybe ada really did care about hunter 's well-being but i did n't deserve her bullshit . 
 i opened my mouth to say something back , but closed it and took a deep breath to steady myself . 
 arguing with ada was n't worth my breath . 
 `` he did tell me he has ms , '' i said , my voice steady . 
 `` is there anything else i should ask him about , or will he know what i mean when i ask him about the test ? '' 
 `` put him on the phone . '' 
 i shook my head even though she was n't there . 
 `` if he wants to talk to you , he has his own phone . '' 
 she let out a frustrated sigh . 
 `` i need to talk to hunter . 
 do n't be jealous that i 'm the only one who can convince him to stop being a f ** king baby . '' 
 ada could insult me all she wanted , but hearing her talk about hunter like that , when he was the one who had to deal with so much , made me furious . 
 `` i 'd reach through this phone and slap you right now , but that would be child abuse . 
 anything else ? '' 
 `` put him on the phone you stupid f ** king whore ! '' 
 `` thank you for calling , '' i said sweetly . 
 `` goodbye . '' 
 i held the phone away from my face but i could still hear ada yelling profanities at me over it . 
 then i hung up . 
 chapter twelve talk i looked at my phone and contemplated what to do next , putting ada out of my mind . 
 i had to focus hunter right now . 
 my face felt hot . 
 why would n't he take this test ? 
 how could he hide it from me ? 
 if ada had n't called , i would have never known about it . 
 it was hard to believe . 
 after we 'd had that heart to heart , and he 'd told me he would n't hide anything like that from me again , here we were . 
 again . 
 the more i thought about it , the angrier i got . 
 i shook my head and walked back into the living room , feeling hunter 's gaze on me as i came in and sat on the couch . 
 he searched my face , but i did my best to wipe any expression away , burying my frustration . 
 `` did you guys finish the apple slices ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i was looking at hunter , but it was billy who answered . 
 `` there 's still a couple left , '' he said . 
 peanut butter clung to the edges of his mouth . 
 `` do you want some ? '' 
 i shook my head in answer as my aunt came into the room . 
 `` how are my boys doing ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` good , '' they answered , nearly in unison . 
 `` billy , come here and let me wipe your mouth . '' 
 `` mommm , '' he cried . 
 but he stomped over obediently . 
 i looked at hunter and felt a jolt as we locked eyes , then looked away quickly . 
 even though i wanted to yell my voice hoarse at him , i knew it was n't the right thing to do . 
 why had hunter not taken the test ? 
 was it because he was so concerned about my well-being that he could n't stay in studsen ? 
 no , that did n't seem right . 
 after the first night he came here , he had plenty of time . 
 even with him working on the dining room for aunt caroline , he would have had time to slip out to go to a clinic in indiana if he had wanted to . 
 no , it had to be something else . 
 i sat on the couch , my emotions in turmoil as i tried to figure it out . 
 it was only when i thought back to the night he let me help him with his treatment shot that i realized what it was . 
 my heart clutched in pain at the realization . 
 he must be scared . 
 it was hard for me to imagine how scary it was to deal with something like ms , but i knew it must 've been terrifying . 
 i knew that sometimes things were so hard to deal with you did n't deal with them well . 
 avoiding the test was not the right thing to do , but i knew what it felt like to be so paralyzed that you could n't even think straight . 
 i also knew that ada 's approach of yelling at him would never work . 
 the fact hunter would n't respond to ada 's messages was evidence of that . 
 i took a deep breath and chanced a look at him again . 
 his head turned simultaneously , and his raised eyebrows showed he was concerned by the conversation i 'd just had . 
 `` do you want to go for a walk ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 the boys-joel from his position on the floor and billy still being attended to by his mother-snapped their heads over toward me with enthusiastic looks . 
 `` yeah , let 's go for a walk ! '' 
 joel cried . 
 i grimaced and looked at my aunt , who had already seemed to catch my drift . 
 `` we can go for a walk later , '' she said . 
 `` let 's go and clean our rooms first . '' 
 their faces fell . 
 `` but mom ! 
 we just cleaned them ! '' 
 `` then we can tidy up . 
 come on , let 's go and leave hunter and lorrie alone . '' 
 they left , the boys grumbling the whole way up the stairs . 
 when the living room was empty , i asked again . 
 `` so , do you want to go for a walk ? '' 
 still looking at me carefully , he shrugged and grabbed his black hoodie from the floor . 
 `` sure . '' 
 i stood up and went to the closet to get my coat . 
 he followed close behind . 
 we said nothing else before walking out the front door . 
 my stomach quivered nervously as i contemplated the conversation we were about to have . 
 i broke the silence once we were outside . 
 `` want to go out back to the spot we talked last time ? '' 
 `` talk ? '' 
 hunter asked , his jaw tense . 
 `` i thought we were just walking ? '' 
 i cringed . 
 `` we can do both . '' 
 he looked down at the ground and said nothing . 
 my chest tight , i led the way nervously around the house and toward the path through the woods . 
 after a moment of walking on the woodchip covered path , i could n't take it anymore . 
 i pressed my lips together and tried to steady myself , then said the words i 'd been rehearsing in my head . 
 `` hunter , i really care about you , and i appreciate how you 've been working on building a healthy relationship together with me . 
 it means a lot . '' 
 he thrust his hands into his the pockets of his hoodie and waited a beat to make sure i was finished . 
 `` i really care about you too , '' he said . 
 he kicked the wet ground and sent a stone skidding along the dirt . 
 `` who called ? '' 
 i took one more deep , anxious breath . 
 `` ada . '' 
 his eyes opened wide and his mouth opened then shut quickly . 
 it was hard to tell if he was mad , shocked , or both . 
 `` why does she have your number ? '' 
 i said nothing , but my vision blurred with unexpected tears . 
 not wanting him to see them , i turned my face away . 
 `` and what the f ** k is she doing trying to mess with us ? 
 what did she say , anyway ? 
 was she a bitch ? '' 
 after wiping my eyes , i steadied myself and looked at him , my heart in my throat . 
 `` hunter , you know what she said . '' 
 `` she 's always been jealous , ever since she and i broke up . '' 
 `` why did you skip out on the test ? '' 
 i asked . 
 my hands were shaking . 
 he stopped walking . 
 his eyes moved furtively back and forth like a caged animal as he looked at me nervously . 
 finally , he seemed ready to snap . 
 he turned and whipped his leg viciously to kick a tree along the side of the forest path with his boot . 
 then he wound up and punched the tree 's trunk , sending a large chunk of bark flying . 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 he growled , the sound coming from the back of his throat . 
 his outburst was n't loud , but it carried the intensity of a gunshot . 
 tears flooded my eyes and adrenaline surged through my veins . 
 i backed away . 
 `` hunter stop , '' i choked out . 
 `` you 're scaring me . '' 
 he turned to me , fists in a ball with his right hand bleeding . 
 his eyes looked out of focus for a moment , then his expression melted and his shoulders slumped , defeated . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said , breathing hard . 
 `` you know you do n't have to be scared of me . 
 i 'd never hurt you . '' 
 he took a step toward me , then seemed to think better of it and stayed put , his eyes on the ground . 
 we stood in the path , still fifty yards from where i had intended to have this conversation . 
 some robins sang and filled the painful silence . 
 my heart pounded in my ears as i waited for his answer . 
 when he looked at me , i thought his eyes might be glistening , but i was n't sure . 
 `` if someone could tell you the exact day you were gon na to die , would you want to know ? '' 
 shards of pain splintered in my chest . 
 `` i mean from natural causes , '' he added . 
 `` like , if they could tell you when your body is gon na just stop working . 
 would you rather know , or find out when it happens ? '' 
 my breath caught in my throat as i thought about `` natural causes . '' 
 my stomach felt like a rock . 
 he seemed to be waiting for my answer , but when he saw that i had none , he continued . 
 `` i can tell you what i think . 
 i would n't wan na know . 
 actually , i do n't wan na know , 'cause i do n't have to pretend whether this is a real question . 
 i 'm pretty sure even though i have ms , i can still make that decision . '' 
 the hair on the back of my neck was on end . 
 i ran through his question again and again nervously in my mind . 
 `` of course this is your decision , '' i said unsteadily , though i looked him in the eye , `` i just wish we could have talked about it . '' 
 `` what is there to talk about ? '' 
 `` i mean , you have n't even taken the test yet . 
 maybe it wo n't be as bad as you think . '' 
 he scoffed . 
 `` what ? 
 like they 'll scan me and then suddenly i 'll be magically cured ? 
 i know better than that . '' 
 `` no , but you ca n't just imagine the worst case scenario either . 
 you have to stay positive . '' 
 a sick smile crept over his lips , like he had his own personal joke about what i 'd said . 
 `` okay . 
 hey , i 'm positive ! '' 
 the smile left , and the look that replaced it was painfully earnest . 
 `` why are you mocking me ? '' 
 i asked , feeling slightly hurt . 
 `` positivity is really important for dealing with this kind of thing . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i just do n't see the point of getting the test done if there 's only going to be bad news . '' 
 `` there must be a reason the doctors wanted you to do it . 
 is it possible that they can treat you better if they knew what was going on ? '' 
 he paused for a second , and then looked down to the ground , kicking a rock out of his way . 
 `` i-i do n't know . 
 maybe . '' 
 `` if they can , then i think you should give them a chance to help you . '' 
 he took a couple deep breaths . 
 it looked like he was trying hard to hold himself together . 
 tears flowed freely down my cheeks . 
 watching him struggle with this broke my heart . 
 `` you know i 'm committed to us whatever you decide . 
 i 'm just hoping you 'll let me help when you have to face this stuff . '' 
 `` and if-if things get bad ? 
 will you still be there ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 of course i 'll still be there . 
 i - '' i swallowed , my mouth thick . 
 `` i 'm terrified and i 'm still trying to adjust to it , but i 'll be there for you . '' 
 he shook his head and ran his hands through his hair . 
 `` even if it gets really bad ? 
 even if you have to deal with another early death ? '' 
 his words stabbed me to the core . 
 he had always been there for me , i could hardly even think about what i would do without him by my side without sobbing , but i looked away for a moment and tried to keep it together . 
 `` i 'd cry , '' i said , turning back to look him right in the face . 
 `` i 'd be devastated . 
 but i 'm not running away anymore . 
 no matter what happens , we can face it together . 
 no matter what . 
 i promise . '' 
 hunter looked away , staring intently at nothing in particular . 
 i knew he was considering my words so i did n't interrupt him , i just let him think . 
 however it made me feel , he had to make the decision for himself . 
 i could be there for him , but this was about him , not me , i knew i could n't make this choice for him . 
 finally , he let out a long shuddering sigh . 
 he turned back to me , and walked toward me for an embrace . 
 i hesitated for a moment , then brought my own arms wide and wrapped them around him , burying my face in his strong chest and letting out a single sob . 
 he held me , his hands on my back , and we just stood there . 
 he took a deep breath . 
 `` i 'm gon na call and make an appointment for that scan . 
 will you go with me ? '' 
 i nodded , inadvertently wiping my tears on his sweatshirt . 
 my face felt raw from all the crying in the brisk weather . 
 `` of course . '' 
 i pulled back and craned my neck up to kiss him . 
 he seemed to have the same idea , and brought his lips down on mine . 
 finally we simply held each other and listened to the world around us . 
 everything was still . 
 everything continued on . 
 chapter thirteen a different kind of reading hunter 's appointment was scheduled for one p.m. that friday . 
 thursday passed in a blur of anxious anticipation and awkward attempts to pretend everything was fine . 
 and then it was friday . 
 the entire day my stomach fluttered so much i thought it wanted to permanently leave my body . 
 hunter had n't eaten anything that day because of his scan but i was n't eating out of sheer nerves . 
 we decided to volunteer to get groceries so we would n't have to tell my aunt and uncle about hunter 's condition . 
 we were standing in the kitchen shortly after the kids had gone off to school , and hunter took the lead on convincing my aunt . 
 it did n't take much . 
 `` oh , that 's very sweet of you hunter , '' she said . 
 `` if you 're sure , i can give you the list in just a minute . '' 
 `` thanks for letting me help out , '' he replied , a big smile on his face . 
 i stood mute beside him and tried to emulate his expression . 
 `` no , thank you , '' she said . 
 she left to go get her purse , which contained the list . 
 i exhaled as she left . 
 every day until we got the results was going to be nerve-wracking . 
 an hour later we were on the road . 
 hunter had made an appointment at an imaging center near town , about thirty-five minutes from where my aunt and uncle lived . 
 the scan results were going to be read by a specialist on the other side of town who we were going to see the next week . 
 i watched his hands as he drove and saw he was clutching the steering wheel white-knuckled . 
 even if he was trying not to show it , he was nervous . 
 we drove in silence for ten minutes before i tried to break the ice . 
 `` you were perfect with my aunt , '' i said , cracking my best fake smile . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` she 's really nice to me . '' 
 `` i think she can see you put in an effort with her and she 's trying to return the favor . '' 
 `` i guess that 's true . 
 do you know where we 're going ? '' 
 i looked at my phone , which had the directions to the center . 
 `` yeah , you still have another couple miles before we have to turn . '' 
 he nodded , and we drove without conversation for the rest of the trip . 
 i could n't come up with anything to say that did n't feel awkward , so i said nothing . 
 soon we were walking into the imaging center . 
 the waiting room was maybe a quarter full with a lot of worried looking people sitting nervously . 
 it had white walls with health posters plastered periodically and black chairs . 
 hunter signed in and we sat down , chatting idly and looking at the old magazines on a nearby coffee table . 
 his name was called and he followed the technician back to the mri machine . 
 i took a deep breath and played on my phone while i waited for him to be done . 
 he had said it took twenty to thirty minutes to do the test , so i had a while . 
 i wracked my brain for things i could do for him between taking the test and getting the results , but still nothing came . 
 before i knew it , he was back . 
 `` ready to go ? '' 
 he asked . 
 the tension that had been in his body before seemed to have disappeared . 
 i narrowed my eyes and then caught myself and opened them wide . 
 if he was relaxed , that was a good thing . 
 `` yeah , of course . 
 let 's go . '' 
 we got into the car and headed for town to buy groceries . 
 `` so how was it ? '' 
 i asked , once we 'd been gotten to the main road . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` fine . 
 the test itself is really no big deal . 
 you just lie still in a machine for a while . '' 
 `` did the technician tell you anything ? '' 
 `` nah . 
 just asked if i 'd done it before . 
 i said yeah and that was about it . '' 
 i nodded and we were silent again . 
 his attitude was making me worried . 
 it was true that the really scary part was going to come when we got the results , but it seemed to me like he was pretending the whole thing did n't even exist . 
 there was n't much i could do , though . 
 i did n't want to stress him out if it seemed like he was handling it . 
 after a moment , i turned on the radio and found the local pop music station . 
 we sat and listened to the music without saying much . 
 soon we came to the town center of eltingville . 
 it only consisted of a few square blocks , but there were some clothing stores and coffee shops scattered along the sidewalks , along with a few bars , restaurants , and a small town square where there were free concerts in the summer . 
 none of the buildings were more than a couple stories , but it was a nice little town . 
 as we drove through the downtown area to get to the other side where the grocery store was , i pulled my aunt 's grocery list out of my purse and shut off the radio . 
 `` wow , you really need to buy a lot of groceries to feed a family , '' i said , looking down the list . 
 `` yeah , '' hunter said absently . 
 he seemed to have his eye on something and began slowing down . 
 i looked around . 
 `` the grocery store is another couple blocks . '' 
 but he was already pulling over and getting ready to parallel park . 
 `` i know , '' he said as he put the car in reverse . 
 i looked around , confused at why he was parking . 
 ` you know they have a lot , '' i said , imagining the two of us lugging groceries a couple blocks back to the car . 
 he pulled forward to adjust and said nothing . 
 it had been a very smooth parking job . 
 `` come on , let 's go . '' 
 he opened his car door . 
 i stayed put . 
 `` go where ? 
 i told you , they have a lot . 
 why are we parked here ? '' 
 `` i wan na get our fortunes told . '' 
 he motioned with his chin and my eyes followed . 
 sure enough , a fresh , crisp paper sign was hung in a window on the second floor of the building advertising fortune telling and massage services . 
 just above that was a sign that said open . 
 skeptical , i opened the door and stepped onto the sidewalk . 
 did he really want to get his fortune told ? 
 now ? 
 it seemed kind of morbid , considering the possibilities from the test he had just taken . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` of course i 'm sure . 
 i pulled over and parked , did n't i ? 
 why would n't i be sure ? '' 
 i paused a second in panic and then shrugged , hoping he could n't read my mind . 
 `` it 's kind of a weird mix , is n't it ? 
 massages and fortune telling ? '' 
 `` i 'll just tell them i want my fortune told and that 's it . '' 
 `` okay , whatever . '' 
 he walked around the front of the car , then held the door to the building for me . 
 i walked inside and he followed closely after . 
 the smell of incense assaulted our nostrils before we were halfway up the stairs . 
 by the time we got to the fortune teller 's suite , i was already feeling light-headed . 
 the glass door to the suite was locked , but there was a sign telling visitors to hit the button to the right of the door to be let in . 
 `` you sure you want to do this ? '' 
 i asked , my finger hovering over the button . 
 hunter nodded from his place on the top step . 
 `` yeah , i 'm sure . 
 now let 's get some f ** kin ' fortunes read ! '' 
 he laughed . 
 i shook my head , uncertain what to think about hunter 's sudden enthusiasm for fortune telling . 
 when i pressed the button , a high-pitched bell sounded from inside . 
 a woman came to the door . 
 whatever i 'd been expecting , it was n't this . 
 she was maybe thirty years old , if that , with long , wavy brown hair and pale skin . 
 her black drawstring pants were loose-fitting and paired with a white tanktop and a green zip-up hoodie . 
 i was surprised to see she was n't wearing any shoes . 
 she did n't wear any makeup either , though her natural face was still pretty . 
 in general she reminded me of the `` hippie chicks '' at arrowhart . 
 she opened the door . 
 `` come in , '' she said , her voice a high squeak . 
 a fresh , pungent wave of incense and scented candles greeted hunter and i as we trotted in . 
 i leaned next to him as our fortune teller was closing the door . 
 `` i think all these smells are going to make me high , '' i whispered . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` do n't think you 'll be alone . 
 i 'm pretty sure i spell pot . '' 
 i giggled and we looked around . 
 a candle burned on every available surface . 
 across from us , a collection of well-loved books stocked a shelf leaned against the wall . 
 i did n't recognize any of the titles . 
 in fact , i was n't even sure all of them were in english . 
 the wall was littered with posters containing strange symbols and seemingly symbolic drawings in pen and ink . 
 i recognized one of them as a particularly complicated celtic knot , but that was it . 
 this definitely did n't feel like eltingville . 
 hunter seemed to be similarly transfixed . 
 i turned to him to make a comment , but he was too engrossed with our surroundings to get his attention . 
 i heard the door close and the fortune teller scurry behind us . 
 `` can i get you guys anything ? 
 tea ? '' 
 we shook our heads . 
 to our right was an old , oak circular table with four cushioned chairs around it . 
 the fortune teller came around it to stand in front of us , putting her hand on hunter 's arm for balance as she did so . 
 i raised an eyebrow but did n't say anything . 
 instead i looked at her eyes . 
 hunter was right , they were totally bloodshot . 
 the girl was stoned . 
 `` awesome . 
 hi guys , i 'm trinity . 
 what can i do for you today ? 
 massage ? '' 
 my head snapped over to hunter , who opened and closed his mouth once before answering . 
 part of me just wanted to get out of here . 
 trinity was n't exactly filling me with confidence . 
 `` we were hoping to have our fortunes read , '' he said uncertainly . 
 she nodded and looked to me , a big smile on her face . 
 i kept my expression blank and deferred to hunter . 
 `` okay , '' she said . 
 `` great . 
 have either of you had a reading before ? '' 
 i shook my head and she turned to hunter . 
 he did likewise . 
 `` cool . 
 i 'm sure you 'll enjoy the experience . 
 how about a tarot reading ? 
 is that good ? '' 
 i vaguely knew what tarot was , but hunter was running this show so i again deferred to him . 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 `` is that the thing with the cards ? '' 
 trinity nodded helpfully . 
 `` yeah , '' he said with a shrug . 
 `` that sounds great . '' 
 she smiled and quoted us her price , which was charged in half-hour increments . 
 hunter seemed satisfied , and told me he was paying . 
 the three of us sat down and got situated , with hunter and i at one end of the table and trinity on the other . 
 `` so how long have you been doing this ? '' 
 i asked , still dubious at her age and demeanor . 
 trinity shuffled the deck of cards . 
 `` like since i was born . 
 my aunt did fortune telling here for a long time . 
 she taught me growing up . 
 i added the massage thing since i went to school for that and i 've been here for a couple years . '' 
 `` wow , '' hunter said . 
 `` so you 've been doing this a long time . '' 
 trinity laughed and gave him a beaming smile . 
 `` i mean i 'm only thirty-one , so it 's not that long ! '' 
 wait , was she flirting with him ? 
 she cut the cards into three piles . 
 `` so who am i doing a reading for ? '' 
 her eyes were still fixed on hunter , who shifted in his chair . 
 `` can you do one for both of us ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i mean we can do whatever you want . '' 
 i flashed hunter a scowl . 
 she was definitely flirting with him , but he was too fixated on trinity 's shuffling . 
 `` typically it 's better to do one person at a time though , '' she said . 
 he seemed to be considering this when i stepped in . 
 `` hunter , why do n't you get one first since you really wanted to do this ? 
 if you want i can get one after . '' 
 he bit his lip for a moment but then nodded . 
 `` yeah , let 's do that . '' 
 trinity cocked her head to one side and smiled , `` awesome , '' she said , putting the deck back into one pile . 
 `` let 's do this . '' 
 she dealt the cards into groups of two , three , and two . 
 when she was done , she put the deck down and studied the cards in silence . 
 trying to get trinity 's flirting with hunter out of my mind , i joined him in studying the cards . 
 or at least i looked at them . 
 i had never seen cards like this in my life . 
 some of them had numbers and some of them did n't . 
 there was one upside down in the left group of two and one upside down in the group of three . 
 that was about all i could tell . 
 i sat back and waited for trinity to tell us what these things supposedly meant . 
 when i looked at hunter , he was doing the same . 
 `` mmhmm , '' she murmured , breaking the silence . 
 `` fire , air , and a drop of water . '' 
 hunter blinked . 
 `` what ? 
 what does that mean ? '' 
 i felt the same . 
 what was she talking about ? 
 she shook her head slightly and pointed to the pair of cards on our left . 
 `` this is your past . '' 
 she moved her finger to the middle . 
 `` this is your present . '' 
 finally , she pointed to the other pair . 
 `` and this is your future . '' 
 her voice was an octave lower than it had been a moment before . 
 i supposed this was her fortune telling voice . 
 hunter and i both looked at the cards anew , then back at her . 
 for a moment i felt stupid , but then i figured there was no reason to know this stuff anyway . 
 trinity continued . 
 `` the cards tell me something that began recently has you feeling trapped and burdened . '' 
 that could mean anything , but maybe it could be applicable . 
 confused , i looked up from the cards and found trinity staring at me intently . 
 more specifically , my boobs . 
 she looked up and made eye contact , holding it for a second and smiling before i looked away . 
 i turned to hunter to see if he had just witnessed what happened , but he was too engrossed in his cards . 
 i looked at him as she moved to the three cards in the middle signifying his present . 
 his expression showed legitimate interest . 
 why was he suddenly so into fortune telling ? 
 and how could be unaware of what was going on with trinity ? 
 `` we 're missing air here , '' trinity mused , as if she had n't just been staring at me . 
 `` and a messenger has come . '' 
 she pointed to a card depicting a knight with a golden cup . 
 hunter pursed his lips and looked at me . 
 `` are you a messenger ? '' 
 he asked skeptically . 
 i shrugged as they both fixed their gaze on me . 
 `` i have no idea . 
 i guess maybe ? '' 
 `` it 's basically a message of judgment , '' trinity said , pointing to another card . 
 my brows shot up along with hunter 's . 
 this was getting more bewildering by the minute . 
 `` i have no idea . '' 
 she pointed to the other card in the group of three and pursed her lips , then gave hunter a small smile . 
 `` things are about to change , i think . 
 let 's see what your result will be . '' 
 i stared at the card she had been pointing to . 
 it was a picture of a guy dancing with a coin in either hand and a really big hat . 
 how that meant change , i did n't know . 
 shaking my head again , i watched her study the pair of cards for hunter 's future . 
 she did n't point to anything this time . 
 instead , she looked hunter in the eye . 
 `` you will find abundance in the darkness . '' 
 hunter nodded and looked at me , then back at her . 
 his expression was one of bemusement . 
 `` can you , uh , explain that ? '' 
 she shook her head , her expression somber . 
 `` it 's what the cards say . '' 
 `` but that does n't make any sense ! 
 am i going to like , stumble into some treasure while i 'm lost in the woods or something ? '' 
 she shrugged , a smile threatening to creep over her face . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 his palms were up on the table . 
 `` who the hell finds treasure anymore ? 
 maybe i should go find a time machine and be a pirate ? 
 i mean i 'm not opposed if you have access to a time machine . '' 
 he turned to me . 
 `` lorrie , do you wan na be a pirate ? '' 
 it was hard not to giggle at hunter 's outburst . 
 he could be such a goofball . 
 i looked over at trinity to see if she was offended , but it seemed like she was amused if anything . 
 she raised her eyebrows at me and cocked her head slightly . 
 i turned away . 
 `` it sounds like a pretty positive future to me , '' i said diplomatically . 
 `` and yes , if you want me to be a pirate with you , i think that sounds lovely . 
 should we get out of here ? '' 
 he let out a long breath and then smiled at me . 
 `` no way , it 's your turn ! 
 if you get the pirate fortune too , we 're going on a time machine hunt . 
 or at least buying lotto tickets . '' 
 `` i do n't think we have time , '' i tried , making a show of looking at the clock and at trinity . 
 hunter was n't getting my drift . 
 `` come on lorrie ! 
 i 'm gon na be a pirate ! 
 life 's awesome ! '' 
 the grin on his face was so big i would have thought he was drunk if i did n't know better . 
 was that why he had wanted to come here ? 
 did he just want some laughs ? 
 `` i can do a simple three card reading for you , '' trinity cooed , bringing the energy of the room back from hunter 's frenzy . 
 `` it 'll only take a minute . '' 
 i sighed and look to hunter , hoping he would get the message . 
 my attempts to communicate nonverbally were futile . 
 `` do it lorrie . 
 three cards ! '' 
 `` okay , '' i said grudgingly . 
 `` but i 'm blaming you if it 's bad . '' 
 his face screwed up into a goofy grin and he shrugged . 
 `` deal . 
 i also want credit when it 's awesome , though . '' 
 trinity smiled at the two of us and shuffled the deck . 
 she cut it the same as she had before , then dealt the three cards out . 
 `` this reading 's easier , '' she said . 
 `` the first card is the past , the second the present , the third the future . '' 
 my vision narrowed as i fixated on the third card . 
 it was a picture of a hanged man . 
 a chill jolted up my spine . 
 hunter seemed to notice it too and looked at me sheepishly . 
 `` mmm , an all water reading , '' trinity said , scanning the cards . 
 `` very interesting . '' 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i was curious despite myself . 
 her heavy-lidded eyes pierced through me as she considered how to answer . 
 `` you 're moving , but things are staying the same . '' 
 i nodded slowly , pretending to understand . 
 hunter had his lips pursed tight . 
 trinity 's finger moved to my past . 
 `` the ace is reversed . 
 maybe you felt stable but later found you were n't ? '' 
 the hair on my neck stood on end as i thought about my family and marco . 
 an uneasy sensation began to take hold of me . 
 hunter took a look at me and put his hand on my shoulder . 
 she seemed to not notice my reaction and moved to the middle card . 
 `` it looks like you 've been nostalgic lately . 
 maybe somebody passed away a while ago ? '' 
 her glance moved from the cards to my face . 
 `` aw hey , there 's no need to get freaked out . 
 this spread 's totally fine . '' 
 i shook my head and tried to stop taking this stuff so seriously . 
 it was all coincidence . 
 `` but that card is the hanged man , '' i said , feeling silly even as i uttered the words . 
 she shrugged . 
 `` yeah , but tarot wise that 's more like breaking free most of the time . '' 
 `` so is someone important in her life going to die ? '' 
 hunter asked . 
 `` i mean it could be that too , '' trinity said , turning to hunter . 
 she bit her lip and eyed him suggestively . 
 `` but i think we all know which hung man is in her future , am i right ? '' 
 blood rushed to my face . 
 `` we should go , '' i said , grabbing hunter 's arm . 
 trinity 's bare foot eased down my inner calf , causing me to scootch back my chair . 
 `` you guys sure you do n't wan na stay ? '' 
 she asked , smiling at me . '' 
 i do massages too . 
 even couples . '' 
 i stood up , shaking my head . 
 `` we 're good . '' 
 she cocked her head and pouted . 
 `` you sure ? 
 why do n't you stay anyway ? 
 i 've got a bottle of vodka in back , and i love company . '' 
 i tried to physically pull hunter out of his chair . 
 this time he got the drift . 
 `` thanks trinity , '' he said , pulling out some cash quickly to pay for our half-hour . 
 `` you guys sure you do n't even wan na smoke a bowl ? '' 
 the fresh air felt like a return to reality . 
 `` let 's never go to a fortune teller again , '' i said . 
 `` that was really weird . '' 
 `` i dunno , '' he answered with a laugh . 
 `` i thought that was pretty entertaining . 
 maybe not what i was expecting , but pretty cool . '' 
 i slapped him on the arm . 
 `` hunter , she was hitting on us the whole time ! '' 
 `` really ? 
 i mean at the end yeah - '' `` good lord you 're thick . '' 
 he pursed his lips , trying to avoid smiling . 
 `` that 's kinda what she said ... '' i looked at him , wanting to stay mad , but laughed . 
 it was good to see hunter in a good mood after his test , even if he had dragged me to a bizarre tarot card reading . 
 `` why did you want to come here , anyway ? '' 
 he shrugged and started walking to the car . 
 `` i dunno . 
 partly trying to loosen up , i guess . 
 i figured with all the worries about my test results , we got ta show ourselves that we 're not afraid of the future . '' 
 hunter was right , maybe this was the best way to deal with it . 
 worrying ourselves to death was n't helping anyone . 
 we arrived at the car and got in . 
 `` okay , '' i said , buckling my seatbelt . 
 `` i guess that makes sense . '' 
 `` speaking of our futures , i thought our fortunes looked pretty good . 
 i mean , i 'm gon na find treasure . '' 
 i scoffed . 
 `` you did n't get the hanged man card ! '' 
 `` but she said that was breaking free , right ? 
 or something . 
 honestly the whole thing was kinda confusing . 
 but treasure ! '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said , putting on my seat belt . 
 `` i think i had some brain cells die in there with all the candles and incense . '' 
 he shrugged and started up the car . 
 `` alright , so you do n't like fortune tellers . 
 shit 's not real anyway . 
 sorry you did n't have a good time . '' 
 i reached over and gave his arm a squeeze . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said . 
 `` i appreciate the effort to do something fun . '' 
 he nodded and , with a lurch from his seriously ancient car , we were off . 
 i spent the rest of the day thinking about how i could keep hunter 's spirits up for the next few days . 
 he was trying hard to stay upbeat , but i was worried that the test was bothering him more than he let on . 
 still , even if his bravado failed , maybe it was better to face it head on rather than hide from it . 
 would i be able to face my own issues head on like he had ? 
 was sending marco a letter enough of a step in the right direction ? 
 i still had n't told hunter about it , but i made a note to myself to get his thoughts on it as soon as i had a chance . 
 chapter fourteen stolen moments we were in a wood-paneled room with one small window behind the desk . 
 i sat at the front of the wooden desk covered with papers and looked at my interrogator . 
 he was an unfriendly man with a rising hairline trying to act kind and understanding . 
 it did n't suit him . 
 he leaned forward on his desk . 
 `` alright , just so we 're clear : you have no recollection of any events between your mother and mr. peralta that would suggest a possible rift growing between the two ? '' 
 `` that 's correct , '' i said , just as my attorney had taught me to respond . 
 if i said `` yes '' or `` no , '' that could be taken the wrong way . 
 `` no screaming matches , nothing like that ? '' 
 `` that 's correct . '' 
 he put his glasses down and rubbed his eyes for the hundredth time . 
 it was like he was trying to show me his frustration . 
 `` no drinking ? 
 drugs ? '' 
 `` right . '' 
 `` even your mom ? '' 
 he asked , putting his glasses back on . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` she pretty much quit drinking after she left my dad . '' 
 he nodded , then got out of his chair and came around his desk . 
 i scooted my chair back as he took a seat on the desk 's edge , his pants uncomfortably close to my face . 
 `` listen honey , we need a motive , and you 're our best shot . 
 you 've got to give me something , okay ? 
 there had to be some reason this guy killed your mom . '' 
 i turned my face away , partly to get away from the prosecutor 's crotch in my face , partly to hide my tears . 
 when i turned back , his face had changed . 
 it was marco . 
 he reached out for my neck to strangle me . 
 to kill me . 
 just like he 'd killed my mom . 
 i screamed even as his fingers dug into my neck , cutting off my air . 
 time passed , his fingers dug further in , and i kept on screaming . 
 i woke up with a jolt . 
 i had fallen asleep with my laptop next to me , open to the website of an art school . 
 my heart still pounding , i sat up on the couch . 
 this obsession with marco 's motives was getting worse . 
 i hoped i would get a letter back from him soon . 
 sitting up , i rubbed my eyes and looked around me . 
 it was already sunday afternoon and the midafternoon sunlight streamed in through the curtains . 
 the details of the dream were starting to fade away but my heart still beat quickly in my chest . 
 it did n't help my nerves that we would be getting hunter 's test results in only a few days aunt caroline and uncle stewart had taken my cousins off to a baseball camp . 
 i had stayed in the living room to browse some art schools while hunter continued his work in the dining room . 
 some of the schools looked amazing , but the idea of moving and attending one was pretty daunting . 
 there were a few that were n't even in the united states . 
 after looking at them for too long , i must 've dozed off . 
 there was no point in obsessing over that now anyway , we still did n't even know what hunter 's condition was going to be . 
 the noise coming from hunter 's work in the dining room stopped , and a moment later he was beside the couch . 
 `` hey , let 's get outta here , '' he said . 
 he dried his hands with a paper towel as he talked . 
 `` i wan na show you something . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i asked , a little uneasy . 
 the last time he 'd wanted to show me something , it had been his ms treatment . 
 maybe i was just stressed out because we were still waiting on hunter 's test results . 
 the dream had n't helped my nerves either . 
 `` do n't worry , it 's something good . 
 come on , it 's crazy warm out . '' 
 he motioned toward the door . 
 it would certainly help me forget about that horrible nightmare and the little smile on his face intrigued me . 
 plus , it would be a shame to stay in the house all day . 
 hunter was probably worried about his test results too , and staying in all day while i moped around about my dream would n't do anyone any good . 
 i rubbed my eyes , and yawned . 
 `` just let me get changed real quick , okay ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` yeah sure , but hurry up . '' 
 `` okay , '' i said with a laugh . 
 `` where are we going ? 
 since i 'm getting dressed . '' 
 `` you can wear whatever , '' he replied . 
 then he seemed to think better of it . 
 `` actually , you probably want shoes you can walk in . '' 
 i nodded and walked upstairs . 
 after a few minutes deliberation , i decided on a sundress . 
 might as well celebrate the first warm day of the year . 
 thanking myself for shaving my legs in the shower the previous night , i got dressed and bounced downstairs wearing a comfy pair of flats . 
 hunter was waiting for me by the door . 
 after making sure i was ready , he led the way to his beat up car out front . 
 he had the directions to where we were going on his phone , but when i asked to be navigator he said no . 
 `` so ... are you going to tell me where we 're going ? '' 
 i asked once we were on the road . 
 `` it 's a surprise , '' he replied , shooting me a sly grin . 
 i shrugged and sat back in my seat . 
 the last time he 'd surprised me , it had been the carnival . 
 whatever this was , it was probably good . 
 i felt bad that hunter had to take charge of cheering himself up , but to this point he had seemed to have his mood under control and i did n't want to make him feel like i pitied him . 
 i knew he hated that . 
 we rolled down the windows and let the cool spring breeze draft through the car . 
 hunter drove through the flat roads of indiana until we were on the freeway . 
 whatever he had in mind , we definitely were n't going to the fortune teller this time . 
 i was starting to feel better too . 
 the fresh air helped me get my mind off of that nightmare . 
 `` hey hunter ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` thanks for suggesting this . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` we have n't even gotten there yet . 
 you have no idea where we 're going . '' 
 `` yeah , but just leaving the house is helping me relax . 
 i had a really awful nightmare while i was napping on the couch . '' 
 `` oh , what about ? '' 
 `` my stepfather 's trial . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i took a deep breath to steady myself . 
 it seemed like so long ago , but talking about it now was still difficult . 
 even so , i wanted to tell hunter . 
 i knew it did n't help to keep it inside . 
 `` it was kind of a flashback of when they were questioning me about my mom and marco 's relationship . 
 one of the hardest things about what happened was that nobody ever figured out why marco did it . 
 it 's really been bothering me a lot lately . '' 
 hunter nodded , his eyes were on the road , but i could tell from his expression that he was listening . 
 i continued . 
 `` i mean , maybe it would have made sense if he was into drugs or fought a lot with my mom or something , but none of that ever happened . 
 they always seemed happy together . 
 it just never made sense . 
 the prosecutors pushed me and pushed me . 
 they were sure i 'd remember something if they kept going through it , but i did n't . 
 i 've kept thinking about it even after the trial . 
 nothing . '' 
 `` shit , that sounds really hard . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i think that 's what made it so difficult for me to face what happened . '' 
 `` do you think you 'll ever find out the reason ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , but i wrote him a letter back asking him . '' 
 `` you did ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 dr. schwartz thought it might be good for me , so i did it last week . 
 i do n't know if he 'll reply , but maybe i can get some answers . '' 
 `` i hope you can get the answers you want too . '' 
 i nodded and turned to look out the window at the trees passing by . 
 he brought us out here to lighten the mood and here i was talking about depressing things again . 
 i turned back to hunter and smiled at him , patting his knee . 
 `` anyway , let 's not ruin the sunny weather . '' 
 hunter smiled back and put his hand over mine reassuringly . 
 we sat in silence for a while , each lost in our own thoughts and enjoying the scenery passing by . 
 i could n't help myself . 
 the wind blowing through my hair made me drowsy and before long i closed my eyes and drifted off . 
 this time , it was a dreamless sleep . 
 i woke up almost an hour later . 
 as i rubbed the grit out of my eyes , we whizzed by a sign at the side of the road that read `` indiana dunes national park . '' 
 i had come here once when i was really young , but i did n't remember much . 
 what had caused hunter to want to take this long trip ? 
 i stretched out , feeling in a playful mood . 
 `` jeez , you drove us a long way . '' 
 `` hey snorrie , you woke up just in time , '' he said , a big dopey smile on his face . 
 `` why the day trip ? 
 you know we did n't have to come this far if you just wanted some alone time . '' 
 `` well , you 've only got a few more days before you got ta submit your portfolio , so i figured you might want some better drawing subjects than the inside of your aunt 's place and bernie . '' 
 `` did you - ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' he said , reading my mind . 
 `` i got your supplies from your room . 
 they 're in the back seat . '' 
 i beamed at him . 
 the sun was shining bright and we were already turning onto a dirt road . 
 to either side of the car were vast plains of grass and wildflowers . 
 i watched the scenery go by , getting more excited by the minute . 
 he was right . 
 this would be a perfect place to get some drawing done and really get my mind off my nightmare . 
 after some more driving , we were pretty far off of the main road and hunter parked the car in a little patch of gravel . 
 `` this look good ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i surveyed the surrounding landscape . 
 we were surrounded as far as the eye could see by rolling dunes and trees . 
 it was perfect . 
 `` yep , '' i said . 
 `` this is just what i needed . 
 thank you so much . '' 
 we got out of the car . 
 hunter got a blanket from the back seat and i carried my art supplies . 
 we walked a few minutes until we were away from the car and got set up . 
 hunter spread the blanket out and plopped down . 
 i unslung my bag of art supplies and did the same . 
 while he laid down and stared at the sky , i got my sketchbook out and began scanning our surroundings for the perfect subject . 
 hunter propped himself up on his elbow and watched me as i made the first tentative lines of a horizon . 
 `` looks like you 're settled , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm gon na go look for another spot for you to sketch . '' 
 i smiled up at him as he stood up and dusted himself off . 
 `` okay . '' 
 with a wave , he turned and headed off . 
 i watched him go for a moment , then went back to my sketch . 
 suddenly i had an idea . 
 i looked up and watched hunter as he scanned the woods looking for a way in . 
 the way he was framed against a particularly large dune in the background under the cloud dotted sky was just perfect . 
 i tore out the page i was working on and began to quickly sketch the scene before he made it too far . 
 the details could be fleshed out once i had the basics down , but i wanted to capture this moment as best i could . 
 the basics came together just as he seemed to spot an opening and charged up the hill into a forest of trees . 
 smiling to myself , i started work on the details . 
 i 'd been working for around forty minutes when he came back into sight . 
 by the time he got back to the blanket , i was just finishing up inking my sketch . 
 he looked over my shoulder . 
 `` is that me ? '' 
 `` yep . 
 i was watching you go when i realized i had the perfect subject . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` well , i found you another one . 
 there 's a really cool spot about fifteen minutes walk from here . 
 you game ? '' 
 i put my drawing away carefully . 
 `` you bet , '' i said happily . 
 it took us a few minutes to pack up , then we were off . 
 we walked across the field and then took a turn up into the trees . 
 after winding around a makeshift path through the trees , we came to a hill . 
 `` the spot 's just up ahead , '' he said . 
 i wanted to ask him how he had found this place but he was already walking up the hill . 
 hunter got to the top first and flexed his biceps with his chin in the air like he had just won a bodybuilding competition . 
 i reached him a minute later , a little sweaty . 
 `` hey , i did n't realize we were raci - '' i trailed off when i saw the view , my mouth dropping in awe . 
 lake michigan shimmered bright and blue beyond the small white sand beach . 
 the calm blue waters stretched out farther than the eye could see . 
 thick green leaves framed the view from the row of trees that lined the hill . 
 other than the two of us , there was no one else in sight . 
 a fresh breeze blew my hair across my face , carrying with it the smell of grass and wildflowers , cooling the sweat on my brow . 
 i turned to hunter and tiptoed up to kiss him on the cheek . 
 `` wow . 
 this is beautiful . 
 how did you find this place ? '' 
 he grinned and spread out the blanket . 
 `` good old-fashioned exploration . 
 come on , you get to it . 
 i think it 's my turn for a nap . '' 
 `` okay , let 's lay that under a tree , so at least we can lean on something . '' 
 hunter nodded and followed me as we walked along the crest of the hill until we found the perfect spot . 
 he spread the blanket against a nice thick oak tree and sat down at the base . 
 i took a spot next to him , gazing out across the lake . 
 after i had taken my supplies out of my bag , hunter rested his head on my shoulder so he could nap . 
 i started sketching the horizon where the lake met the sky but was distracted when hunter kept nuzzling at my neck . 
 so much for napping . 
 i ran my fingers through his hair while he left soft kisses on my skin . 
 when i looked at him again his hair was sticking in a few different directions like a bale of hay . 
 there were even some eraser shavings in his hair . 
 i could n't help but laugh . 
 `` what are you laughing at ? '' 
 `` you look silly . 
 i do n't know if i can keep calling you gunther handsome with that hair . '' 
 `` hey , you made it that way . 
 besides , true beauty comes from within . '' 
 he nodded sagely . 
 `` wow , '' i said , rolling my eyes . 
 `` you 're so insightful . '' 
 `` i 'll show you insightful . '' 
 he leaned in and pressed his lips against mine . 
 i hesitated for a moment , then melted into him , overcome by my desire for the wetness of his mouth . 
 the drawing pad fell to the side , but i did n't care . 
 even though my aunt and uncle gave us our space , we had n't had a chance to kiss like this since our night at the carnival . 
 we finally broke apart , my chest heaving and breathless . 
 hunter was staring at me intently , a simmering heat in his eyes . 
 our lips crashed together again , and a shiver of pleasure ran up my spine . 
 he smelled liked spring and i could already feel the stirring of heat in my core . 
 hunter 's rough hands slid up the loose sundress i was wearing . 
 when his thumb rubbed light circles on my thigh , my insides clenched . 
 i pulled his face to me , needily . 
 i wanted to taste him right now . 
 i reached towards his body , smiling into the kiss when my hands finally found what they were looking for . 
 hunter grinned too when i rubbed my fingers lightly up the smooth skin of his tight abs and up to his hard chest . 
 he breathed deeply , his chest moving up and down . 
 `` look what i brought . '' 
 hunter reached into his pocket and pulled out a condom . 
 i slapped him playfully on the chest . 
 `` what made you think you were going to get lucky today ? 
 just because you took me to this great spot ? '' 
 `` yeah , i figured once i proved to you how good i am at finding just the right spot , there 's no way you 'd turn me down . '' 
 he gave me a saucy wink before burying his face into the side of my neck and leaving a fiery kiss there . 
 my face heated , i checked around us to make sure the coast was still clear . 
 i 'd never done this with anyone somewhere so public . 
 there did n't seem to be anybody in sight , but i was still nervous . 
 `` what if someone sees us ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 hunter stopped kissing my neck and looked around , `` well they 're gon na have to watch on the sidelines , i know you 're not interested in threesomes . '' 
 `` no ! 
 you know what i mean . '' 
 `` i 've been walking around the whole area for the past hour and have n't seen a soul . 
 i 'm pretty sure we 'll be fine . '' 
 i pursed my lips . 
 maybe i was making too big a deal out of this . 
 he was right . 
 i had n't seen anyone out and about either . 
 `` besides , we 'll probably hear them coming before they see us anyway . '' 
 chewing on my lip , i ran my fingers down his chest . 
 what the hell ? 
 why not be a little risky today ? 
 he was eyeing me carefully . 
 `` so do you want me to find the perfect spot or what ? '' 
 i giggled . 
 `` alright , but only if you stop telling those corny jokes . '' 
 he mimed zipping his lips shut and tossing away the key . 
 then he started leaving a trail of hot kisses down my body through the light fabric of my dress . 
 i gasped at the sudden shift in his mood and my heart pounded in anticipation . 
 his kisses went lower and lower , each one a promise of what he would do to me with his mouth . 
 finally , his tongue brushed the inside of my thigh . 
 a small whimper escaped my mouth . 
 hunter gently spread my legs apart and pulled my panties down around my ankles . 
 the breeze lifted my dress a little , making me feel exposed and edgy , but it all disappeared when hunter kissed me between my thighs , teasing my sex . 
 i squirmed as the pleasure rose in waves , and grabbed a handful of his hair , raising my hips up to meet his hot mouth . 
 he worked long strokes up and down my swollen lips until i was a shuddering mess , before switching to quick circular flicks on my clit . 
 an orgasm built in my core until i was near the edge of madness . 
 he held me there , hovering between tension and release . 
 the hot softness of his tongue pressed against my wetness until i lost track of time . 
 then his touch was suddenly gone . 
 i moaned his name , and became aware of the quiet outside of the distant crashing of the waves . 
 i opened my eyes to see why he he had stopped . 
 hunter stared at me with a possessive gaze , unbuckling his belt . 
 he ripped open the condom wrapper with his teeth while one hand stroked his cock . 
 in quick efficient movements he sheathed himself while i admired his rigid length . 
 i bit my lip , anticipating the moment that he would enter me . 
 hunter rubbed my clit with his cock , teasing me . 
 i pushed myself towards him . 
 `` you 're so wet , '' he whispered , breathless . 
 i nodded , unable to say anything else , but letting him know with my eyes what i wanted . 
 hunter leaned his massive body above me and slid his c ** k into me , inch by inch . 
 i clutched at his back in helpless pleasure as my sex slicked pu ** y stretched around his girth . 
 he moved in and out of me slowly several times . 
 then he picked up the pace , thrusting himself feverishly into me , as waves of bliss washed over my body . 
 i squeezed his firm hips between my thighs , holding on for the ride , getting closer and closer to release . 
 i came . 
 my spasms forced me to grind my pu ** y against him even faster , overloading me with ecstatic sensation . 
 hunter grunted , a primal rumbling from low in his chest , as he shuddered and then lay still . 
 the warmth of his se ** n spilling into the condom inside me turned me on so much , i almost came again . 
 we held each other , sweaty and breathless . 
 then he picked off a strand of hair from my face and kissed me . 
 i had never felt so deeply satisfied . 
 a little while later , when i came back to my senses , i looked quickly around us in a brief moment of panic . 
 but hunter had been right . 
 we were safe . 
 there was no one was in sight . 
 he rolled off of me and leaned his head on my chest , still panting lightly . 
 we caught our breaths under the tree for a while , listening to the soft chirping of crickets and the rustling of the water on the beach below . 
 we did n't say anything else to each other , but we did n't need to . 
 chapter fifteen strong the next day we dropped by the post office so i could send off my portfolio to the art competition . 
 hunter even brought a kazoo he borrowed from joel , which he blew loudly when i dropped the package into the bin . 
 it was silly , but it helped keep our minds off of hunter 's looming test results . 
 despite our mini celebration , the rest of the day was tense . 
 we both knew that we would get his results the following day , for better or for worse . 
 before we were ready the next day came and it was time to find out the test results . 
 we told aunt caroline we were going to the mall and left the house in the afternoon . 
 hunter had seemed pretty nonchalant on the drive over , but now that we were at the clinic , he seemed more nervous . 
 one of the lights in the waiting room flickered on and off , buzzing like there was a bug flying around inside of it . 
 i looked at the bright teal colored chair i was sitting in . 
 there were rows of them arranged around the waiting room . 
 the room was mostly empty except for a middle aged man sitting in a wheelchair and an older lady next to him . 
 they were having a heated whisper conversation . 
 hunter was at the front desk , giving them his information . 
 when he came back , his lips were a tight thin line . 
 he sat down without a word . 
 even though he seemed like he was healthy for the past few days , we both knew that did n't mean anything . 
 he was fighting something that was unseen but very real . 
 any second it could knock him down without warning . 
 i could feel the panic starting to rise in my chest but i fought it down with a fury . 
 `` hey , it 's going to be okay , '' i said . 
 i patted his hand gently . 
 he looked straight ahead , his jaw clenched . 
 `` yeah . 
 i know . '' 
 i did n't know exactly what was running through his head but i could guess . 
 whatever the results were , i needed to let him know that i would be there for him . 
 i reached an arm around his hunched over shoulders and leaned my head against him . 
 maybe i could give him some small amount of comfort . 
 he took shallow breaths , gripping the arms of the chair tightly . 
 `` do you want some water ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` nah . '' 
 i watched his profile carefully . 
 hunter looked around the room , not volunteering anything else . 
 his sharp gray eyes darted to the man in the wheelchair . 
 the whispering between the lady and the man on the other side of the room got louder . '' 
 - just why it had to happen to me ? '' 
 the man had his head in his hands . 
 the lady was patting his back gently , making soothing noises . 
 hunter stared at them , his face grim . 
 maybe it would help if i could distract him . 
 `` hey , '' i said as cheerfully as i could . 
 `` do you remember that night when we first met ? '' 
 he pulled his eyes away from the conversation across to the room , but he was n't giving me his full attention . 
 `` hm ? 
 you mean at the lake ? '' 
 `` no , not the lake . 
 i guess that is when we first met , but i was thinking about the night at the bearded squirrel and then afterwards when we went to that broken down amusement park . '' 
 hunter 's eyes wandered across the room when the whispers broke into our conversation . '' 
 - how shitty my life is now . 
 i used to play football in high school for chrissakes . 
 first team all county . 
 we were state champs . 
 i thought i 'd get to play ball with my kids one day . 
 now i ca n't walk . '' 
 `` hey hunter ? '' 
 i stroked his arm soothingly . 
 he was shifting around in his seat , an uneasy grimace on his face . 
 `` yeah . 
 mmhm . 
 the amusement park . '' 
 `` remember how we threw the rocks at the old booth game and it fell down ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i smiled ostentatiously for him . 
 it had been a fun night , and i wanted him to remember it . 
 hopefully that would get hunter to think about happier times instead of the results looming over us . 
 `` what about it ? '' 
 `` well , i 'm happy you won bernie for me at the carnival last week . 
 i 'm glad we finally got a chance to play some real -- '' '' - ca n't provide for them . 
 we 're up shit creek in debt . 
 last week they took my car . 
 they 're coming for the house next . 
 disability ai n't comin ' close to makin ' the payments . '' 
 i looked over across the room , feeling a little uneasy myself . 
 the man had started sobbing quietly into his hands . 
 when i turned back to hunter , the muscles on his neck were tense and he was breathing heavily . 
 i tried to get him to meet my eyes but he was fixated on the scene across the room . 
 `` talk to me , '' i pleaded . 
 `` please . '' '' 
 - used to look up to me . 
 i had a job . 
 construction . 
 now i ca n't even walk , forget about working . 
 i 'm a burden on them . 
 now with this damn ms i 'm useless . 
 what have i got to live for ? '' 
 hunter bolted upright , almost knocking over the chair . 
 then he turned on his heel , his body a tight rod of tension , and stormed out . 
 i sat stunned . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 i yelled , but he was already through the doors . 
 i shot up to my feet and followed . 
 when i got outside he was in the parking lot , pacing back and forth . 
 i sprinted to him , heart pounding and reached for his wrist . 
 his forearm was a tight bundle of muscle , but he did n't pull away . 
 hunter stopped pacing and shook his head . 
 i paused to catch my breath , but i did n't let go of his arm . 
 his entire body was trembling . 
 `` sorry , '' he said . 
 `` i just ca n't listen to that guy anymore . '' 
 `` it 's going to be okay , '' i said , panting . 
 `` no , it 's not , '' he said . 
 he pointed angrily at the doors of the clinic . 
 `` did you see him ? 
 hear how miserable he was ? 
 that could be me in a year ! '' 
 `` it wo n't be like that . '' 
 `` can you promise me that ? '' 
 `` i ... '' i knew i could n't do that . 
 no one could promise that , but i had to believe that it would be okay . 
 i tried again . 
 `` no matter what happens , i 'll be there with you . 
 we can deal with it together . 
 you know that ! '' 
 `` what if we ca n't ? '' 
 frustration clenched in my chest . 
 what was he talking about ? 
 i thought we had worked this out . 
 why was he talking this way now ? 
 the words poured out of his mouth . 
 `` even with you by my side maybe i ca n't deal with it . 
 maybe i 'm not the guy you think i am . 
 maybe i wo n't be able to handle finding out that i 'm gon na end up being crippled or worthless or dead in a few months . 
 maybe i 'm just too weak ... '' he looked away from me , his face red . 
 a knife sliced through my heart , making every breath difficult to take . 
 was he just saying those things because he was scared or did he really mean them ? 
 hearing those words come from his mouth hurt more than anything he could have said at that moment . 
 a bubbling fury rose in my chest , ready to explode . 
 `` stop it ! '' 
 i yelled , stomping my foot . 
 `` how can you even say those things ? 
 if it was n't for you , i 'd probably be at the bottom of a lake right now . '' 
 my vision was starting to get blurry and my face wet , but i did n't care . 
 if people passing through the parking lot wanted to watch me cry , so be it . 
 hunter did n't say anything , his fists working at his side . 
 i hit him on the chest as tears beaded and fell down my face , trying to drive every word into his heart . 
 `` if it was n't for you , i 'd still be numb and empty because of what happened to my parents . 
 you were the only one could drag me out . '' 
 he grabbed at my hands to stop me from hitting him . 
 `` lorrie , stop ... '' i wrenched my hands away . 
 i was n't done yet . 
 `` if it was n't for you , i 'd still be hiding in bed , afraid of the world , afraid of everything . 
 every time i fell , it was your strength that picked me up off the floor so do n't you dare say you 're weak . 
 you 're the strongest person i 've ever met ! '' 
 my lungs felt like they were about to burst . 
 i angrily wiped my eyes and shook the tears off of the back of my hand . 
 pursing my lips , i stared at him defiantly , daring him to challenge what i had said . 
 hunter stared right back at me , his chest heaving . 
 at first i thought he was going to argue with me , but the intensity in his eyes faded away into sorrow . 
 i knew that he 'd been fighting this battle for a long time before i came into his life and i knew that it was n't easy for him . 
 i also knew that he was a lot stronger than he gave himself credit for . 
 maybe no one had ever told him that , maybe he just needed to hear it from me , but i knew that he had it in him . 
 i took a few deep breaths to steady myself . 
 then i continued more softly . 
 `` i know this is your choice to make , but if finding out the results of this test will help the doctors treat you better , then i think you should go back in there . 
 whatever happens , i know you 're strong enough to face it . '' 
 hunter puffed up his cheeks and blew out a long breath . 
 `` you still think i 'm strong ? '' 
 he asked , `` even after you 've seen how scared i am ? '' 
 `` there 's nothing wrong with being scared . 
 i 'm scared too . 
 maybe i 'm even more scared than you , but someone i love once told me that when you 're in a fight being afraid of getting hit is worse than the hit itself . '' 
 he shook his head in disbelief and ran a hand through his hair . 
 then he turned to look at me again before lifting his face to the sky and sucking in a deep breath through his teeth . 
 when he exhaled , it was like all the tension had left his body . 
 hunter wrapped his arms around me . 
 i let myself sink into him for a moment , before i threw my arms around him too and hugged him close to me . 
 we had to face this battle together . 
 when we finally untangled ourselves from each other , a small smile cracked on his lips and he met my eyes sheepishly . 
 `` i got ta be careful what i say around you , '' he said . 
 `` else you 're gon na use it against me someday . '' 
 i choked out a laughed , still sniffling and slapped his arm lightly . 
 hunter smiled and looked down at the asphalt , lost in his thoughts for a few moments . 
 after a while , he looked at me , his eyes sharp and clear . 
 `` thanks for not letting me do something stupid again . 
 i know it 's been difficult for you . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 that 's what we 're here for right ? 
 to save each other from doing stupid things ? 
 you 've saved me a few times already , so i guess it 's my turn now . '' 
 he nodded slowly , a thoughtful expression on his face . 
 `` let 's go back inside . 
 they 're probably gon na call me in soon . '' 
 when we got back inside the clinic we each spent a few minutes in the bathroom , cleaning ourselves up . 
 hunter and i sat down after we 'd straightened ourselves out . 
 we waited for his name to be called . 
 the old lady and the guy in the wheelchair were gone ; they must 've been called inside already . 
 a few minutes later a doctor cracked the door open . 
 `` hunter jensen ? '' 
 i squeezed hunter 's hand and we got up and walked over to the doctor together . 
 the doctor had to be at least sixty . 
 his hair was completely white , and his thick black rectangular glasses covered his wrinkled eyes . 
 we followed him to the back . 
 the room was like any other doctor 's room , with posters of veins and nerves up on the walls . 
 the beige exam table had seen better days . 
 its cushioning looked lumpy and uneven and the wood laminate on its base was chipped . 
 hunter eyed it with a distaste and sat down in one of the waiting chairs . 
 i sat down next to him . 
 `` hello hunter , '' the doctor said . 
 `` i 'm dr. miller and i 'll be interpreting your mri results today . '' 
 he gave us a small smile , then pressed a button on the wall behind the counter . 
 the light box hummed on . 
 apparently dr. miller was n't one for small talk . 
 hunter did n't say anything , but he did nod . 
 i watched him carefully to see if he was still okay , but i could n't read his expression . 
 i thought i was ready and his mini freakout from earlier had distracted me from my own emotions , but now i was feeling the full weight of what was about to happen . 
 when dr. miller produced an extra large manila envelope , i did n't feel prepared . 
 `` i 've received the scans back from the test center and had a chance to read them , '' he started . 
 he pulled out the films and began put them onto the light box . 
 hunter fixated on the images , as if he was trying to interpret them himself . 
 `` now , your primary care doctor over in illinois sent me your records . 
 the notes said that you sustained physical trauma to the head recently from ` cage-fighting . ' 
 is that correct ? '' 
 dr. miller raised an eyebrow at hunter . 
 i held my breath . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 hunter replied , tearing his eyes away from the mri scans . 
 `` well , i 'll cut to the chase . 
 your doctor was worried about extremely rapid progression of your ms symptoms as a result of the physical trauma you suffered , but the good news is we 've avoided the worst case scenario . '' 
 we both let out a breath and i gave hunter 's hand a small squeeze . 
 we were going to be okay . 
 dr. miller cleared his throat and continued , pointing to a few spots on the mri film . 
 `` however , it does appear you have some new lesions on your spinal cord and brain since your last scan . '' 
 the hairs on the nape of my neck rose and my palms grew sweaty . 
 what ? 
 i thought we had avoided the worst case scenario . 
 `` so what does that mean ? '' 
 hunter asked , frowning . 
 `` well , even though we 've avoided the worst case scenario , these lesions are worrying , and could make your next flare-up a lot worse . '' 
 `` how much worse ? '' 
 hunter asked . 
 `` i ca n't say . 
 but i would strongly advise you to refrain from continuing to fight . 
 sustaining lesions like this is not good for your long-term prognosis with this disease . '' 
 i looked to hunter 's face , but his brows were furrowed and he did n't seem to register my concern . 
 dr. miller 's words echoed in my mind , but i was only slowly starting to understand what he meant . 
 hunter was okay for now , but his next episode could be a lot worse if he did n't stop fighting ? 
 hunter squinted at the scans on the lightbox . 
 `` so if i stop fighting , will it prevent another attack ? '' 
 `` it would certainly help a great deal , but there are no guarantees . 
 ms is an autoimmune disease . 
 your body is attacking itself and it 's very unpredictable . '' 
 hunter clammed up and looked down at the linoleum tiles on the floor . 
 i could tell he was tense . 
 he looked the same as when he stormed out of the clinic earlier . 
 i stroked his hand gently , trying to provide whatever comfort i could . 
 even if hunter did everything he could to be healthy , his ms could still knock him down at any moment . 
 it made any preventative action he took seem trivial . 
 i was starting to understand why he felt so helpless . 
 `` is that all ? '' 
 hunter grunted . 
 i could tell he was upset , but i did n't know how to make it better . 
 `` yes , that 's all we can tell from the mri . 
 treatment-wise , we do n't need to make adjustments . 
 have you been continuing with your injections regimen ? '' 
 hunter nodded . 
 `` other than that , make sure you stay healthy and call the clinic immediately if you notice any new symptoms . 
 do you have any other questions ? '' 
 `` nah , thanks doc . '' 
 hunter stood up and i followed his lead . 
 dr. miller walked us out to the waiting area in front while hunter seemed deep in thought . 
 after the doctor parted ways with us and hunter had completed his post-visit paperwork at the front desk , i followed him outside in silence . 
 it seemed like we had avoided the worst case scenario , but there was still a terrifying cloud hanging over our head . 
 beyond that , we had n't even started talking about hunter 's fighting . 
 would he be willing to give that up to stay healthy ? 
 i did n't know , but what i did know was that it was a sensitive topic . 
 when we got to hunter 's car we both sat down inside without a word . 
 hunter stared out the windshield without putting his key into the ignition . 
 i thought about what to say to him , opening and closing my mouth several times . 
 what could i even say though ? 
 hunter saved me by speaking first . 
 `` fighting was the one thing that made me feel alive , '' he said , still looking out the front of the windshield . 
 i reached over and put a hand on his thigh to let him know that i was listening . 
 his fighting was clearly a sensitive topic for him . 
 `` after i got kicked out of rotc , i was f ** king lost . 
 i 'd been working at it for so long that when i realized it was over , i was outta control . 
 fighting gave me something to focus on . '' 
 he turned to me , his eyes shining and intense . 
 `` it was like a drug . 
 i had boxed and wrestled a lot in high school , so it was like returning home for me . 
 it was something i knew , something i had control over when everything else in my life was so f ** king outta control . '' 
 listening to him talk like that made hot tears bead in my eyes . 
 i knew how he felt . 
 i knew what it was like to feel weak and helpless and lost . 
 when you 're in that situation , the only thing you could do was look for something to hang onto so you would n't drown . 
 `` yeah , i guess drawing is like that for me , '' i whispered . 
 hunter might have found something he could control in fighting but i did n't know if i could watch him step into the cage again after what dr. miller had said . 
 even if it was the only thing that made him feel alive , how could i stand by and watch him slowly kill himself ? 
 i took a deep breath . 
 i had to tell him how i felt . 
 `` i do n't know if - '' i started , my voice cracking . 
 he shook his head , `` i knew it was stupid , fighting with my condition , but i could n't stop . 
 i did n't even know how to stop . '' 
 he reached over and smeared my tears off with his thumb . 
 `` lorrie , i 'm done with all of that bullshit , '' he said . 
 `` wh-what ? '' 
 i mumbled . 
 `` first i thought i needed the air force . 
 then when that was over , i thought i needed the fighting . 
 but none of that shit matters . 
 the only thing i need is you . 
 i know i got ta face my disease the right way , not just for me , but for us . 
 i ca n't keep doing it the f ** ked-up stupid way i was doing it before . '' 
 i watched him in disbelief . 
 `` do you really mean that ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i love you . 
 i know how much it would hurt you if something awful happens because i 'm being a dumbass . '' 
 hunter leaned over and kissed me , his lips warm and comforting against mine . 
 we finally pulled apart . 
 `` i love you too , '' i said after , holding back tears . 
 seeing the way hunter was handling this made my heart swell with pride . 
 i was right about him . 
 he was the strongest person i had ever met . 
 chapter sixteen clint the next day , hunter seemed in a better mood and it was contagious . 
 even though some of what dr. miller had said was worrying , it was pretty good news overall , especially considering how much worse it could have been . 
 hunter spent the morning working on the dining room . 
 it seemed like his new healthier attitude towards his condition was giving him new energy . 
 i even felt excited about my session with dr. schwartz scheduled for the next day . 
 i could n't wait to tell her about everything that had happened since our last talk . 
 in the afternoon , he invited me to go check out the gym the operator at the carnival had recommended . 
 i accepted , hoping he was going to keep his word about not fighting , and soon we were in his car and on our way . 
 soon , we were driving into the town center . 
 i turned to hunter . 
 `` no more detours to get our fortunes told , okay ? '' 
 `` you do n't wan na check in with our friend trinity ? '' 
 he asked , smirking . 
 i shook my head until my hair was in my eyes . 
 `` fine . 
 not sure we 'd have time anyway . 
 this gym is only open for another couple hours . '' 
 `` okay . 
 did you call to let them know you were coming ? 
 what 's your plan with this anyway ? '' 
 hunter laughed . 
 `` i called , yeah . 
 the guy on the phone was pretty short with me , though . 
 he seemed cool with me coming in but definitely was n't promising anything . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i guess that makes sense . 
 so what are you thinking you 're going to do there ? '' 
 `` i dunno . 
 just wan na check it out i guess . 
 get a feel for the place . 
 i do n't wan na fight like i was before or anything , but maybe it would be a good spot to work out . 
 or maybe i can work there . 
 got ta find some way to start paying for myself sooner or later . '' 
 `` fair enough , '' i said . 
 i was skeptical of anything coming from this , but hunter taking steps toward a plan for a long-term future was promising enough for me . 
 a few minutes later , hunter pulled over and parked in front of a sign that read `` clint 's gym . '' 
 the place looked like it had n't changed since the nineties . 
 `` so you think you talked to clint ? '' 
 i asked after we 'd gotten out of the car . 
 hunter looked up at the sign . 
 `` i 'm guessing . 
 guy had the voice of someone who yells a lot . '' 
 `` maybe you 'll be yelling a lot too when you start coaching , '' i said . 
 i had n't been sure how serious i was , but hunter took me at my word . 
 `` yeah , maybe . '' 
 he seemed to be lost in thought as we walked to the entrance , so i kept my mouth shut . 
 we got to the glass door , opened it , and went inside . 
 my first impression centered on how rundown the place was . 
 the second was that it reminded me a lot of hunter 's gym in studsen . 
 bigg 's had some more recent music , maybe , and there seemed to be more wrestling , but that was about it . 
 the two places were pretty close . 
 hunter began surveying our surroundings the instant we were inside . 
 seemingly in a trance , he made his way past the unoccupied front desk and to the entrance to the gym area , where the sound of leather hitting leather could be heard . 
 when we walked in , the pungent smell of disinfectant practically punched me in the face . 
 how on earth were they using so much of the stuff ? 
 i looked around and saw a bucket in the corner . 
 holy cow . 
 hunter seemed unfazed by the smell or anything else . 
 his eyes scanned the room , taking in all the activities being performed . 
 there were almost a dozen people in all working out in various stations . 
 to our right we found a series of small and big punching bags being hit by fighters of various sizes . 
 to our left were a couple of mats . 
 one of them was in use , and the two wrestlers seemed to be drilling a move where one of them would try to grab the other guys legs and the other guy tried to stop him from getting a good grip . 
 `` what are they doing over there ? '' 
 i asked hunter . 
 hunter looked over briefly . 
 `` takedown defense , '' he answered , before screwing up his face in skepticism . 
 `` kinda . '' 
 i watched as the guy attempting the takedown was successful and nodded . 
 logical enough name . 
 when i turned to ask hunter what he meant by `` kinda , '' i saw he had turned his attention to the room 's centerpiece . 
 it was the sparring ring . 
 the thing looked even older than the one in bigg 's . 
 its ropes were fraying on the far side especially , the wood along the side was chipped , and it even looked like the floor was slightly uneven . 
 nevertheless , two fighters-who looked to be about sixteen-were in the ring with helmets , fighting each other under the instruction of a third man . 
 i did n't need to be told the third man was clint . 
 he wore a pressed , crisp maroon polo and had his nearly white hair cropped close to his head . 
 his tall , thin frame bounced around the mat like that of a young man , and his voice barked instructions with startling intensity . 
 if i had to guess , i would say he was in his late sixties , if only because i could n't imagine him being any older given how spry he was . 
 one of the boxers appeared to make him so irritated he pulled him aside and stepped in his place , showing him the correct footwork . 
 he threw some practice punches on the other fighter and had the other fighter throw some punches back to demonstrate the technique . 
 `` son , you can throw 'em faster , '' he barked . 
 `` you wo n't hit me . '' 
 the other fighter obliged , though clint was right . 
 he was n't getting touched . 
 `` alright , '' he bellowed in his raspy voice . 
 `` again . '' 
 he backed up and watched them . 
 after another couple of minutes of sparring , he finally acknowledged us . 
 `` you the guy on the phone ? '' 
 he called , keeping his back to us . 
 i looked to hunter , who had been observing carefully . 
 `` yeah , '' he answered . 
 clint turned to us now for a moment , looking over his shoulder . 
 `` i 'll be with you in a minute . '' 
 hunter nodded but said nothing , since clint had already turned back to the action in the ring . 
 he appeared to be a man of few words . 
 the fighters took a break a few minutes later , and clint got down from the ring to greet us . 
 after introductions and some handshakes , he got right to business . 
 `` so what can i do for you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 hunter pursed his lips for a moment , then shrugged . 
 `` well , i just wanted to check the place out and see if there was anything i might be able to help with . '' 
 `` did you now ? '' 
 clint asked , his eyebrows raised and a small smirk on his face . 
 `` find anything ? 
 been meanin ' to get that ring painted up ... '' his tone was skeptical bordering on humorous , but hunter soldiered on . 
 i had always admired his ability to let it roll off his back when someone was n't taking him seriously . 
 `` i was actually just watching those two kids wrestle , '' he replied . 
 the smirk left clint 's face and was replaced by his previous seriousness . 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` i think i could probably help them out . '' 
 clint squinted . 
 `` you mean coach them ? '' 
 hunter nodded . 
 `` yeah . 
 their technique has a lot of holes , and i figure with the way the fight game 's going these days you 're going to have a lot of kids who wan na do mma . 
 if you wan na do mixed martial arts , you better have good wrestling or someone is gon na take you down and kick your ass . 
 does n't matter how good your boxing is if you 're on your back . '' 
 `` i 've seen some of this cage fighting stuff , '' clint said , definitely interested now . 
 `` you know all that , then ? '' 
 hunter smiled . 
 `` yeah , i know it . '' 
 `` how do i know you know it ? '' 
 i pursed my lips . 
 was hunter going to have to fight again ? 
 `` got anyone here you think could wrestle me ? '' 
 hunter asked . 
 the air left my lungs . 
 it looked like he would . 
 `` right now ? '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 clint shrugged and looked around . 
 `` what do you weigh ? '' 
 `` about two-ten . '' 
 `` alright . 
 only guy i have is yevgeny , but he 's probably closer to two-fifty and knows his wrestling . 
 if you really want to , have at it . '' 
 my eyebrows shot up . 
 did he say two-fifty ? 
 that was like nfl football player big . 
 i grabbed hunter 's arm to tell him i did n't think this was a good idea , but i was too late . 
 `` yeah , '' hunter said . 
 `` let 's do it . '' 
 my stomach dropped . 
 we all went over to one of the free wrestling mats , then clint went to go get yevgeny from where he was working on a punching bag . 
 the boxers working around the gym got wind of what was going on and gathered round the mat before yevgeny had even arrived . 
 yevgeny finally came , followed closely by clint . 
 yevgeny was a college-aged guy about the same age as me and hunter , and enormous . 
 he was n't anywhere near as ripped as hunter was , but he was bigger . 
 the white undershirt he wore was at least a double xl and it still fit tight around his arms . 
 his short hair sat atop a thick brow , and his expression signaled nothing but confidence . 
 hunter had taken off his sweatshirt and was now wearing an undershirt and jeans . 
 he seemed to be sizing yevgeny up , undisturbed by what he saw . 
 `` hunter , '' i whispered , grabbing his arm . 
 `` do you think think this is a good idea ? '' 
 he patted my hand and gently freed himself from my grasp . 
 `` yeah , it 'll be fine . 
 it 's just a friendly spar and it 's wrestling so they 're not gon na hit me . 
 i meant what i said when i told you i 'm serious about taking care of myself . 
 we wo n't get too rough . '' 
 i hesitated , but i did n't say anything else . 
 it did n't make me happy , but i could n't set limits for hunter . 
 i had to let him make his own choices . 
 with a final smile back at me , hunter stepped onto the mat and waited for yevgeny to do the same . 
 yevgeny stepped on with a wry smile on his face . 
 on clint 's signal , the two men crashed together . 
 i watched hunter 's arms as they flexed , straining against his larger opponent . 
 even in his jeans , his butt looked amazing while he was bent down trying to get under yevgeny 's center of gravity . 
 it all happened in an instant . 
 hunter stood up straight , pulling yevgeny toward him quickly . 
 then he swiveled his hips around and turned , his back bulging as he brought yevgeny forward until he tripped on hunter 's trail leg and fell down to the mat on his back . 
 yevgeny 's eyes bulged in surprise as hunter came crashing down on top of him for the pin . 
 i did n't know much about wrestling , but that looked impressive . 
 the room went silent as the gym 's fighters watched their best get put on his back . 
 clint 's voice thundered through the quiet and brought everyone back to reality . 
 `` very nice , '' he cried . 
 `` again ! '' 
 i watched with lips pursed as hunter and yevgeny got up to wrestle again . 
 the two men came together at clint 's signal , and grappled back and forth for a while , but eventually hunter was able to pull the same move . 
 this time there was some appreciate murmuring from the fighters around the ring . 
 `` alright , '' clint said . 
 `` one more time . 
 yevgeny , are you gon na let him keep doing the same move on you ? '' 
 yevgeny 's face was red with a combination of embarrassment and exertion . 
 he was scowling when the two men came together for a third time . 
 i held my breath as i watched the now familiar grappling , hoping hunter could pull off the same move . 
 he seemed to really want this job with clint and coaching would definitely be a more productive use of his fighting skills than the mma he had been doing before . 
 this time , when hunter stood up yevgeny did n't go with him . 
 instead he seemed to disengage from hunter 's grasp and come at hunter in a more controlled manner . 
 hunter had the answer , though , as he faked briefly in one direction and then spun around to yevgeny 's back , wrapping both arms around his waist . 
 the larger man looked confused for a moment . 
 hunter grunted and bent his knees before leaning back and picking yevgeny up off the ground with a loud cry . 
 the two came down to the mat with a thud , hunter on top . 
 the impact was so forceful i felt the floor shake . 
 `` holy shit ! '' 
 one of the fighters gathered round the mat yelled . 
 clint whistled . 
 `` that 's all i need to see . 
 son , you want a job , let me know . '' 
 my heart leapt . 
 i watched hunter 's expression on the mat . 
 he looked as happy as i had ever seen him . 
 we spent another hour at the gym and hunter gave a few more tips to some of the guys . 
 i watched from the sidelines , enjoying my view of him working up a sweat . 
 hunter was still in a great mood on the drive home . 
 as i sat in the car looking out the window , i finally understood why he had held onto fighting as long as he had . 
 he loved it , and he was very good at it . 
 i was just glad that coaching could be a step toward him finding a productive use for that passion . 
 chapter seventeen progress the next day , i found myself in the waiting room outside of dr. schwartz ' office . 
 it had been two weeks since our last session . 
 so much had happened . 
 i wondered what she would make of it . 
 dr. schwartz interrupted my thoughts when she came into the waiting area . 
 she waved at me and i got up , following her through the heavy mahogany doors to her inner office . 
 even though i could n't quite place it , something felt different . 
 the light coming through the window shades was brighter and the clock on her desk did n't seem nearly as menacing as it had before . 
 we settled down , me on the tan couch and dr. schwartz beside her desk . 
 she looked at me , her face neutral , waiting for me to begin . 
 i settled back into the couch and thought about how to start . 
 the last time i had spoken to dr. schwartz , i had barely been able to get out of bed . 
 my relationship with hunter was in shambles and it seemed like we were both doomed to be lost forever . 
 now things were different . 
 `` i do n't even know where to start ... '' i said , trailing off . 
 how could i even begin to tell dr. schwartz everything that had happened since the last time i was here ? 
 i felt like a completely different person . 
 it was probably best to start with the most important change . 
 `` hunter and i had a chance to talk . '' 
 she raised an eyebrow and wrote on her pad . 
 `` what did you talk about ? '' 
 for the next few minutes , i gave her a rundown of hunter showing up at my aunt 's place and how we agreed to work things out . 
 i told her about hunter 's ms , how he promised to stop hiding things from me and his test results . 
 when i was done , she finished up writing some notes on her pad and looked at me over her glasses . 
 `` so it appears you 're recovering well . '' 
 that phrase . 
 again . 
 i shuddered as i went back to the first letter i 'd received from marco when i was still at arrowhart . 
 my therapist seemed to notice my reaction . 
 `` is something wrong ? '' 
 `` that phrase , '' i said , shaking my head . 
 `` marco used it in the letter he sent me at arrowhart . '' 
 `` what phrase ? '' '' ' 
 i hope you 're recovering well , ' '' i quoted . 
 `` for some reason that stuck with me . 
 like of course i 'm not . 
 how could i be ? 
 what does that even mean ? '' 
 dr. schwartz wrote furiously on her pad . 
 `` this phrase , '' she started . 
 `` does it occur to you in other places ? 
 dreams , maybe ? '' 
 i considered this for a moment . 
 `` i guess i notice when people say it ... but it has n't been showing up in any of my nightmares , no . '' 
 her eyebrows arched up . 
 `` nightmares ? '' 
 `` dreams . 
 i do n't know . '' 
 `` does marco appear in these dreams ? '' 
 i pursed my lips . 
 `` sometimes . '' 
 `` and how does he appear ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 usually he just pops up out of nowhere . '' 
 i said , looking around the room instead of at her . 
 `` what does he do ? '' 
 i shook my head slowly . 
 `` he attacks me . 
 tries to hurt me . '' 
 `` are you afraid of him hurting you ? '' 
 `` in the dream ? 
 yeah , definitely . 
 in real life ? 
 no . 
 i know he 's in a maximum security prison . 
 he 's not getting out of that . '' 
 she clicked her pen a few times . 
 `` do you have any theories about why marco has shown up in your dreams ? 
 did you ever write him a letter ? '' 
 `` i did , actually . 
 write him , i mean . 
 i do n't know why he would show up in my dreams so much lately . 
 i guess it 's just been bothering me , wondering why he did it . '' 
 `` did you ask him ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she noted this on her pad and then sat silent , listening for me to speak again . 
 eventually i continued on . 
 `` i hope he answers . 
 it feels like that 's the missing piece for me to recover . 
 finding out why . '' 
 i fell silent and waited for her to be the one to talk next . 
 as far as i was concerned , i 'd said all i needed to . 
 it took a while , but eventually she relented . 
 `` how do you feel about the way you 've handled the death of your parents since the last time we met ? '' 
 that was n't what i 'd been expecting . 
 `` i do n't know , pretty good i guess . 
 i think sending that letter to marco was a good idea . 
 thank you for the suggestion . '' 
 i 'd expected her to smile at that , but she kept her face neutral . 
 `` you 're welcome . 
 what are you expecting from that letter ? '' 
 `` an answer , i hope . '' 
 `` and if you do n't get the answer you 're hoping for ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` back to the drawing board . 
 i do n't know yet how i 'm going to recover if i do n't know why it happened . 
 honestly i 'm not sure i can . 
 it 's just such a mystery . '' 
 she nodded and wrote some more before putting her pen down . 
 `` what does recovery mean to you , lorrie ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` earlier we talked about how marco used that word and how it 's stuck with you . '' 
 `` right , '' i said , squinting as i tried to understand what she was getting at . 
 `` so what does that word mean to you ? 
 it might seem obvious but i just want to know what you think . '' 
 it felt like she was trying to trick me . 
 i fell back deeper into the couch and considered what she was asking . 
 i 'd been told since my mom died that i was supposed to be trying to recover . 
 now she was asking me what that meant ? 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said carefully . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 `` it 's not about what i think , and i 'm not trying to confuse you here . 
 let 's just talk through this . 
 what does recovery mean ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` get back to normal ? '' 
 `` good , '' she said , nodding . 
 `` how much do you think you have recovered to this point ? 
 based on that criteria . '' 
 even though i opened my mouth to answer , i had nothing . 
 after a moment during which i felt stupid , i closed it and thought about what to say . 
 how could i even answer that question ? 
 was my life back to normal ? 
 definitely not . 
 normal people did n't have nightmares about their mother 's murderer . 
 but how close was i , even ? 
 the more i thought about it , the more muddled my mind became . 
 everything had changed with hunter , basically . 
 our relationship was going pretty well , but it could n't exactly be called `` normal . '' 
 he was such a unique person dealing with his own issues , and i had n't fully gotten over mine either . 
 maybe there was no normal for us . 
 maybe ... `` i can tell you 're having trouble with that one , '' dr. schwartz said , interrupting my musing . 
 `` but that 's fine . 
 it 's a very complex issue . 
 i 'd like you to think about that over the coming weeks and we can talk about it more at our next session . '' 
 she stood up and held out her hand for a handshake . 
 i rose and took it unsteadily . 
 this was n't normal for her . 
 for once , she was even smiling . 
 `` i think that you 're making terrific progress , '' she said . 
 `` whether it 's toward recovery or something else , it seems the future is certainly looking up for you lorrie . 
 i want you to know that i 'm proud of the work you 've done toward building your future . 
 it 's very brave . '' 
 it was a little surprising that she seemed so positive now , after the things she had said before . 
 i looked to her with my eyebrow raised , but she kept smiling as she showed me to the door . 
 there was no harm in it , i figured . 
 if she thought i was making progress , even it was n't toward something in particular , that was good enough for me . 
 maybe i even agreed with her . 
 chapter eighteen an invitation i woke up at my desk from an impromptu nap feeling like i was missing something . 
 it was friday , and i 'd been working on a picture for hunter in my room after an early lunch . 
 i had only intended to rest my eyes , but i 'd definitely been out for a while , and while i could n't remember my dream i had a feeling it had been intense . 
 even though my therapy session with dr. schwartz the previous day had raised some questions , overall i was feeling quite good today . 
 maybe she was right , i just had to reflect on what happened with marco and my parents and i would get close to recovering . 
 still groggy , i sat back in my chair and tried to get my bearings . 
 i looked down at the desk . 
 a half-finished sketch of hunter captaining a boat lay in the spot my head had been a moment earlier . 
 the kittens were scattered around the boat and some of them even wearing silly sailor hats . 
 it was an amusing picture . 
 when i was done , i was pretty sure hunter would get a kick out of it . 
 i looked at the clock while stifling a yawn . 
 already almost three o'clock . 
 wow , time had flown . 
 as i stood up , i glanced out the window and saw the mailman leaving . 
 perfect timing . 
 since i had submitted my portfolio , i had been making a point of checking the mail every day in case there was news about my entry . 
 hoping this might be the day , i rushed down the stairs and out the front door . 
 a large white envelope was waiting for me in the mailbox . 
 i pulled it out and saw it had my name on it . 
 the envelope was from the illinois arts council . 
 i had n't been this excited by a piece of mail since my acceptance to arrowhart . 
 leaving the rest of the mail in the box for the time being , i tore the envelope open and pulled out the letter . 
 dear lorrie , congratulations ! 
 you have been invited to exhibit at the illinois arts council 's convention for undergraduate students at arrowhart college . 
 i stopped reading there and yelled out in triumph . 
 this was it ! 
 i had made it to the next round . 
 excited to explore the rest of the envelope 's contents , i gathered up all the mail and ran back inside the perkins house . 
 i opened the door and rushed to the living room . 
 hunter was working in the dining room , but my aunt was nowhere to be seen . 
 uncle stewart was at work and the kids were at school . 
 `` i got invited to exhibit ! '' 
 i yelled , jumping up and down . 
 bones and frida came out from some corner to see what all the commotion was about . 
 i took a seat on the couch , threw the rest of the mail on the coffee table , and began to read my letter from the illinois arts council again . 
 i was being invited to exhibit a week from this upcoming saturday . 
 in order to win the award , i had to exhibit . 
 the council would pay for hotel accommodations for the weekend . 
 as a finalist , i needed to be prepared to talk for ten minutes about my portfolio for the judges . 
 taking a deep breath , i scanned to the end of the page and then put the letter aside to flip through the glossy brochure that had been included . 
 there was a long list of art schools that would be represented at the convention . 
 this could be a huge opportunity to network with a lot of great places . 
 my mind spun as i thought about the best way to take advantage of the chance to meet all these people . 
 `` what was all that yelling about ? '' 
 hunter asked , wiping his hands as he came in from the dining room . 
 `` i 'm a finalist ! '' 
 i said excitedly . 
 i grabbed the letter and stood up from the couch to show him . 
 it took him a second to register before his gray eyes brightened . 
 `` for the art competition ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i nodded happily . 
 `` oh wow lorrie , that 's awesome ! '' 
 he took my letter in one hand and hugged me close to him with his other . 
 i threw both arms around his torso and gave him a big squeeze . 
 `` wow , this thing 's coming up . 
 i 'll have to make plans to go with you . 
 i 've never been to an art exhibition , but it 's probably cool , right ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i 've never been to one either , but probably . '' 
 `` it 's totally going to be one of those places where people are all like ' i do say , richard , what a marvelous piece , ' '' hunter said , slipping into a ridiculous posh english accent . 
 he lowered his voice . '' 
 ` too right , too right my boy . 
 simply splendid . 
 such emotive brush strokes . ' '' 
 i giggled . 
 `` wow , you know so much about art . '' 
 he shrugged sheepishly and handed the letter back . 
 `` i dunno , i 'm guessing they would probably talk about brush strokes for paintings . 
 right ? '' 
 `` sure , '' i said with a laugh . 
 just then my aunt came up from the basement . 
 `` what 's all this fuss about ? '' 
 she asked , coming into the room . 
 `` i got invited to exhibit at arrowhart next week for the art contest i submitted to . '' 
 i said quickly . 
 her face broke out in a big smile . 
 `` oh my goodness ! 
 that 's amazing ! '' 
 she took her turn with the letter and then began to flip through the brochure . 
 `` lorrie there are a lot of art schools there . 
 do you think these are places you might want to apply ? '' 
 i looked at hunter quickly before answering . 
 `` yeah . 
 i mean maybe . 
 it 's definitely worth checking out . '' 
 there was silence as my aunt continued to flip through the brochure . 
 my heart pounded in my chest . 
 this was so exciting , and yet my aunt 's question had made the reality of going away for art school more real . 
 would hunter come ? 
 if not , could we make a long-distance relationship work ? 
 i bit my lip before smiling at him . 
 he smiled back . 
 we could cross that bridge when we got there . 
 it was a long way off . 
 chapter nineteen new beginnings we made a lot of plans in the week leading up to the art convention . 
 aunt caroline and uncle stewart were going to come up to studsen with me to attend my exhibit . 
 hunter had just about finished his work on the dining room and started looking for short term apartments near the perkins house . 
 he 'd decided that since he would be staying in eltingville with me at least for a few more months , he wanted to move out and get a place of his own . 
 even though my aunt tried to convince him to stay longer , we were pretty excited about looking around for a new place for him . 
 plus , hunter having his own place would free up opportunities for fun activities we could engage in without having to worry about whose house we were in . 
 we had just found a fully furnished place that he liked a few blocks from the main highway and made an appointment to sign the lease the next morning . 
 when we pulled into the driveway after seeing the apartment , joel and billy were chasing each other in the grass out front . 
 `` you 're back ! '' 
 billy yelled , running toward us . 
 hunter nodded and waved at them . 
 `` are you taking the kittens with you when you move out ? '' 
 joel asked , catching up to his older brother . 
 hunter picked joel up and pretended to wrestle him , tousling his hair . 
 `` yeah buddy , i think i will . 
 the place is cool with pets , and i think the little guys have imposed on your mom and dad for long enough . '' 
 `` awww ... '' joel and billy said , almost in unison . 
 `` do n't worry , i 'll bring them by to visit when i come see lorrie . '' 
 `` yay ! '' 
 the boys sang . 
 billy latched onto hunter 's leg and tried to climb him like a tree . 
 i shook my head smiling . 
 those boys sure had their priorities straight . 
 hunter stayed behind to play with them while i headed into the house . 
 i was still smiling when i ran into my aunt in the kitchen . 
 she turned around from stirring the large pot on the stove when i came in . 
 `` oh , there you are . 
 here , have a little snack . 
 dinner will be ready in an hour . '' 
 i opened my mouth to protest , but then the smell of chicken noodle soup reached my nose . 
 grabbing a small metal spoon from the drawer , i sat down and decided not to argue . 
 aunt caroline started cutting vegetables while i drank the soup . 
 i watched her work . 
 she was in a good mood , humming to herself . 
 `` so , how was the apartment hunt today ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` pretty good , i think hunter found one that he liked . '' 
 `` you know he can stay as long as he wants , right ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i told him that , but i think he 'll feel better about living on his own somewhere . '' 
 `` well , you know the boys will be heartbroken with him and the kittens gone . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` i 'm sure he 'll be around often enough that the boys wo n't mind . '' 
 `` hey now , it 's not just the kids . 
 i 'll miss having him around to run errands , get groceries and cook breakfast for us too . '' 
 `` come on , aunt caroline , it wo n't be that bad . 
 i 'll help you do those things . '' 
 `` okay , if you say so . 
 i 'll hold you to that , '' she said . 
 she turned and winked at me before wiping her hands on the kitchen towel and leaning back against the counter . 
 `` are you excited about the convention tomorrow ? '' 
 `` yeah ! 
 i 'm definitely excited . 
 a little nervous i guess . '' 
 `` that 's normal , dear . 
 when i was in college i nearly fainted in the middle of my final presentation for my public speaking class ! '' 
 i laughed . 
 it was weird to think of a college aged aunt caroline . 
 i pictured her hair in a scrunchie like i 'd seen in the photo of her with my dad . 
 `` wow . 
 i definitely hope nothing like that happens . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you 'll handle it better than i did . 
 the most important thing is meeting all the representatives from these art schools . 
 i imagine that will be more one-on-one than a giant crowd . '' 
 i considered this . 
 `` yeah , though it would definitely be cool to win . 
 i guess at this point it 's already more than i could have hoped for , getting to meet people from these art schools and have a chance to have my work judged at a high level . 
 i 'm just going to try and enjoy it . '' 
 `` i think that 's a very good attitude , dear . '' 
 my aunt hummed cheerfully . 
 when she noticed that my bowl was empty , she tutted . 
 `` here i am talking your ear off and you must be starving . 
 would you like - '' billy came in the front door . 
 `` mom ! '' 
 something was wrong . 
 my aunt 's eyes went wide and she dropped the ladle in her hand before bolting for the door . 
 i followed right behind her , my heart in my mouth . 
 billy waited just long enough for us to get to the door before running into the yard . 
 when we got outside , it took a while to even understand what had happened . 
 billy came to a stop a few feet away from hunter , who was on the ground . 
 joel was holding onto hunter 's hand , trying to drag him up . 
 `` i 'm okay . 
 i 'm okay , '' hunter said . 
 his words seemed fuzzy and indistinct and his eyes were unfocused . 
 my stomach sank . 
 i felt like i was going to be sick . 
 `` what 's going on here ? '' 
 aunt caroline asked . 
 joel let go of his hand and answered . 
 `` hunter fell . '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' hunter said . 
 `` just a little scraped up . '' 
 he showed us his arm . 
 an angry red rash covered a few inches of skin on his wrist . 
 i looked at the frightened expressions on joel and billy 's faces . 
 this was n't just a fall . 
 something was n't right . 
 my pulse pounded in my ears and the hair at the back of my neck stood up . 
 hunter looked like a drunk man stumbling when he tried to stand up . 
 he got up on one knee but when he tried to stand it buckled and he went down . 
 i ran to him , taking his hand . 
 even though i was trying to slow my breathing , my breath came in quick bursts . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i asked , as calmly as i could . 
 his eyes were wide and panicked but he continued trying to stand up . 
 `` shit . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` hunter , it 's okay . 
 stay down for a minute . 
 tell me what 's wrong . '' 
 `` i 'm okay . 
 i 'm okay . 
 just help me get up . '' 
 i eased myself under his armpit and strained to help him up . 
 it was no use . 
 his legs folded awkwardly under him and he was way too heavy to lift by myself . 
 i collapsed under him , panting . 
 a thin sheen of sweat covered his forehead . 
 he gulped for air like a fish out of water . 
 the doctor had said hunter 's next ms attack could be a lot worse . 
 was this it ? 
 from the look on hunter 's face , i could tell he was thinking the exact same thing . 
 i was on the edge of panic , my throat dry and thick . 
 whatever i felt at that moment , i needed to get myself under control . 
 i turned to my aunt . 
 her eyes were wide with concern . 
 `` i think we need to call an ambulance , '' i said , trying to keep my voice from shaking . 
 `` no ! '' 
 hunter said . 
 `` no . 
 it 's fine . 
 i just need to get to the hospital . 
 i 'm so sorry ms. perkins . '' 
 his face was red . 
 he kept trying to get up but he could n't . 
 watching him struggle sent hot spikes of pain searing through my heart . 
 he was just as frightened as i was , maybe even more so . 
 my aunt looked at me for a second , her face full of questions , but thankfully she did n't ask any . 
 she jumped into action right away . 
 `` i 'll call stewart and have him meet us at the hospital . 
 boys , get in the van . '' 
 joel and billy marched dutifully to the family 's minivan , climbing into the backseat . 
 even though the situation looked bad , they had complete faith that their mother had things under control . 
 once she was sure the boys had followed directions , my aunt turned to me . 
 `` come on , help me move him . '' 
 i nodded numbly and put hunter 's arm around me again . 
 aunt caroline took his other arm . 
 even with the two of us , hunter was very heavy . 
 we half carried , half dragged him to the van . 
 his legs dangled below him , unable to bear any weight . 
 eventually we got him into the middle row and put a seat belt around him . 
 i sat in the middle row with him , while my aunt hurried around to the driver 's seat and started the car . 
 soon we were on our way . 
 hunter leaned back against the seat mumbling . 
 his eyes looked sunken and feverish , but he was awake . 
 aunt caroline called my uncle as she made her way out of the subdivision . 
 i watched hunter to see if there were any changes in his condition , but he was barely lucid . 
 more than anything , he looked exhausted . 
 his normally bright face had a gray pall to it as he lay there trying to keep his head up . 
 after a while , he started to nod off . 
 we were on the highway before i spoke . 
 `` hunter has ms ... '' i managed to choke out . 
 `` i 'm sorry we did n't tell you this earlier . '' 
 i blinked , trying to hold back the tears in my eyes . 
 i knew that if i let myself feel the seriousness of this situation and start crying , i would n't be able to stop . 
 `` i 'm sorry dear , that sounds terrible , '' my aunt replied . 
 `` does this happen often ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said , a loud sob escaping from my lips . 
 `` at least , i do n't think so . 
 definitely not this bad . '' 
 now that i had said it out loud , i could n't hold it in anymore . 
 the tears streamed endlessly down my face . 
 aunt caroline stared at the road and nodded . 
 i turned to look at hunter again . 
 he had fallen asleep and his chest was rising and falling slowly . 
 for now , all the worries of the world had faded away . 
 but what would he think once he woke up ? 
 chapter twenty wake the heart rate monitor beeped quietly , its eerie blue glow illuminating the room . 
 i did n't know how much time had passed . 
 reaching into my pocket , i pulled out my phone . 
 it had been fourteen hours since hunter was admitted . 
 the sun was probably coming up soon . 
 aunt caroline and uncle stewart had gone back home with the boys hours ago . 
 there was no point in them being here anyway . 
 hunter was stable and my cousins needed to sleep . 
 they were going to come back to check on us in the morning . 
 hunter 's chest rose and fell , his eyes darting around under his eyelids . 
 whatever he was dreaming about , i hoped it was good , because sooner or later he 'd have to wake up to this nightmare . 
 i let out a long sigh and rubbed my eyes . 
 they were completely dry ; i could n't cry anymore . 
 i was totally drained . 
 i heard shuffling on the bed and i bolted upright . 
 hunter was shifting around , his eyelids fluttering open . 
 `` lorrie ? '' 
 i scrambled to my feet and stood next to his bed . 
 `` yes , i 'm here . '' 
 his eyes were unfocused . 
 he rubbed them with his hands , and for a second , i was worried about the iv on his arm falling out , but it stayed put . 
 `` where ... '' he started , before trailing off and looking around . 
 his eyes fell on the needle in his arm . 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 i stepped back , shocked by his sudden outburst . 
 adrenaline rushed through my veins . 
 `` shit . 
 i 'm sorry lorrie . 
 i 'm just ... f ** k. '' his eyes were becoming more clear and focused , but so was the pain on his face . 
 i reached for his hand , gripping it tight . 
 `` how long was i out for ? '' 
 `` maybe fifteen hours . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said , his face red . 
 `` i did n't want to make things difficult for your aunt and uncle . '' 
 `` you do n't need to apologize . 
 they 're going to come back in the morning to see how you 're doing . '' 
 `` shit , i got ta move out . 
 we were supposed to sign that lease today . 
 for that apartment . '' 
 `` what ? 
 you do n't need to worry about that right now . 
 we 'll find a different place . 
 just worry about getting better . '' 
 `` your aunt and uncle have let me stay in the house for so long already , i got ta move out soon . '' 
 `` hunter , stop it . 
 you have to focus on getting better first . '' 
 `` i -- '' he stopped when he saw the look on my face . 
 i was n't going to argue with him on this one . 
 `` stop it . '' 
 he took a deep breath . 
 `` okay fine . 
 can you get me some water ? '' 
 i handed him a bottle of water from the nightstand . 
 he twisted the cap open and took a long deep gulp . 
 for a while , we sat in silence . 
 a knock came at the door . 
 it was followed by a doctor in a white coat coming into the room . 
 `` oh good '' she said . 
 `` you 're awake . 
 hunter , i 'm dr. gallagher . 
 how are you feeling ? '' 
 hunter eyed the doctor with cautiously . 
 `` alright . 
 little groggy . '' 
 dr. gallagher picked up the clipboard by hunter 's bed and looked through it , leafing through the pages . 
 `` good , '' she said . 
 `` everything appears to be stable . 
 how are your legs feeling ? '' 
 `` i dunno , a little weak i guess , but i can feel them . '' 
 she nodded and lifted the sheets so that hunter 's legs were exposed . 
 `` i 'm going to do a sensation test . 
 just tell me when you can feel me touching your legs okay ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 dr. gallagher pulled out a cotton ball from the metal cart at the side of the room and started touching it to different spots on hunter 's legs . 
 he seemed to notice most of the times the cotton touched him . 
 that was a good thing , right ? 
 then she moved on to poking him at various spots on his leg with a pin . 
 he seemed to notice most of those as well , but when she asked him to lift his legs or wiggle his toes , he could barely muster any movement at all . 
 sweat beaded on his brow with the effort and i could tell he was getting upset . 
 after she was done , she started writing notes on her clipboard while hunter and i watched . 
 hunter 's face got progressively darker , as we waited for dr. gallagher to finish taking her notes . 
 `` well ? 
 what is it ? '' 
 hunter demanded when it looked like he could n't wait any longer . 
 `` i 'm sorry mr. jensen . 
 you had an exacerbation of your ms , which seems to have affected the nerves to your lower extremities . 
 the good news is your sensory nerves still have roughly seventy percent functionality . '' 
 `` so how come i ca n't move my legs ? '' 
 hunter pointed angrily toward his lower half , taking shallow breaths . 
 `` your motor nerves , the ones that control your muscles , seem to be the most negatively affected . 
 that 's the biggest factor in reducing your mobility at the moment . '' 
 hunter 's jaw clenched , his hands making fists by his side . 
 i tried to meet his eyes , but he was staring off into the distance . 
 my stomach dropped . 
 this could n't be happening . 
 just yesterday he was fine and everything was going so well . 
 i looked at hunter but he just kept shaking his head like he was dazed . 
 why was this happening to him ? 
 he stopped fighting like the doctor told him too , so why had this happened now ? 
 `` for how long ? '' 
 i asked . 
 dr. gallagher gave me a sympathetic look and then turned to hunter . 
 `` it depends . 
 along with the motor nerves healing , there are issues with muscle degeneration since you 'll be in a wheelchair for a while . 
 physical therapy can certainly help . 
 with some patients pt is enough to restore full mobility in as little as six months . 
 other patients may never recover their mobility again . '' 
 my heart sank . 
 `` the hospital can provide you with a wheelchair and we can refer you to a counselor to help you adjust to the ... changes . 
 you 'll come back for a checkup in two weeks and if it 's appropriate we 'll get you started on a physical therapy regimen . '' 
 hunter started rocking back and forth , not making eye contact with either of us . 
 watching him like this was too much . 
 i hugged his head close to my chest , kissing him on the forehead , and holding him to me . 
 i wanted to cry but i bit back my sobs . 
 if i let myself cry now , i would n't be able to stop . 
 when the doctor left , hunter continued staring off into space and rocking himself . 
 i held him and did n't say a word . 
 what could i even say ? 
 after a few minutes , he finally stopped , seeming to snap out of it suddenly . 
 `` shit . 
 what day is it ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 i think it 's saturday ? '' 
 i looked at him , confused . 
 his face sank . 
 `` damnit . 
 your convention is today . '' 
 with everything that had happened , i had completely forgotten about it . 
 he was right . 
 the day of the convention had come . 
 we had both been looking forward to going to it , but it did n't matter now . 
 `` oh yeah , i guess i ca n't make it , '' `` no , what are you talking about ? '' 
 he said , speaking quickly , his words tripping over themselves . 
 `` you can still make it if you leave now . 
 when does it start ? 
 like two ? 
 it 's only seven in the morning right now . '' 
 `` i do n't care about the art convention , hunter . 
 i want to be here with you . '' 
 `` you worked so hard for it . 
 you ca n't miss your chance to exhibit . '' 
 `` hunter , i 'm not leaving you to go to some art convention . 
 how is that even a question ? '' 
 it was irritating that he was so concerned about my stupid art convention when the doctor just told him that he might not be able to walk . 
 `` it 's fine , you heard the doctor , i 'm stable now . '' 
 he looked anything but fine . 
 `` why do you want me to leave so badly ? '' 
 i asked , a little hurt . 
 my face felt heated . 
 `` it 's such a big opportunity . 
 they 'll have all the art schools there recruiting and stuff . '' 
 hunter pointed in the direction he must 've assumed studsen was going to be . 
 `` i would have never won that competition if it was n't for you , i probably would n't even have entered it . 
 so stop talking , i 've already decided . 
 i 'm not going without you . '' 
 blood rushed to my ears and i felt a stinging in my eyes . 
 hunter let out a sigh , shaking his head . 
 `` you said you thought you were gon na drag us down , but now i see that it 's me , '' he said , his voice low . 
 `` do n't say that . 
 you know that 's not true . 
 we talked about this before , i know you 're strong enough for this . '' 
 `` it 's different now . 
 it 's not just some far off thing that might happen to me , now it 's f ** king real . '' 
 he pounded the hospital bed with his fist . 
 `` i ca n't f ** king walk , lorrie ! '' 
 his words echoed in the room . 
 hunter grimaced , trying to hold a brave face , his eyes glistening . 
 my heart was breaking into pieces but i did n't know what to say to make him feel better . 
 he continued before i could say anything . 
 `` just leave me here . 
 you need to go to the convention . 
 whatever happens to me , you ca n't give up your future for me . '' 
 `` you are my future ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 my lips trembled as warm wet streaks fell down my face . 
 hunter 's eyes went wide and then he looked down into his lap . 
 i sobbed , my entire body shaking with emotion . 
 as i cried , rage boiled in my chest . 
 this is n't fair . 
 we were so close to our happy ending . 
 hunter did n't deserve this . 
 he deserved so much more . 
 i did n't know if i could give it to him , but it did n't matter . 
 hunter needed me now more than anything and i was n't going to let him push me away . 
 even if it hurt me . 
 even if it broke me . 
 he sucked in a lungful of air and ran his hands through his hair . 
 i let myself cry , sobs coursing through my body . 
 hunter did n't say anything , his face somber . 
 after i cried myself out , i took a few deep shuddering breaths to steady myself . 
 then i looked into his soft gray eyes and started with a shaky voice . 
 `` hunter , you 're right . 
 it is different now . 
 things have changed . '' 
 his eyes widened in surprise . 
 `` but you have n't changed and i have n't changed . 
 the way we feel about each other has n't changed either . 
 i promised to be by your side no matter what and i 'm not leaving now . 
 i love you , hunter . '' 
 we sat there in silence , while my words hung in the air between us . 
 he had been there for me , through so many things . 
 he had absorbed so much of my pain and helped me heal , and now it was my turn to help him . 
 i knew that i was n't over my own issues yet , but i could n't let them distract me from hunter . 
 he needed one hundred percent of me right now . 
 it was terrifying , and i could hardly even think about what our future together would be like now , but i was n't going give up . 
 hunter never gave up on me , even when i pushed him away , even when i hurt him . 
 i was n't going to give up on him either . 
 finally hunter nodded slowly and let out a long breath . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said , reaching for my hands and holding them to his lips . 
 `` i love you too . 
 i 'm so lucky to have you . '' 
 `` no , i 'm the lucky one , '' i choked out . 
 `` just do n't ever try to get rid of me like that again , okay ? '' 
 his gray eyes looked to me with piercing intensity and he squeezed my hand tightly . 
 `` i wo n't . 
 i promise . '' 
 i stared deep into his eyes , hoping that we would be brave enough to face the challenges to come . 
 chapter twenty-one changes i was in a hospital room . 
 the white walls and searing bright lights stretched away into the distance . 
 hunter lay in the one bed at the center of the room and i sat in a chair maybe ten feet away from it . 
 wicked looking surgical instruments lay on a cart nearby . 
 what 's going on ? 
 other than the chair , the hospital bed and the surgical cart , there was no other furniture in the room . 
 something was n't right . 
 i did n't remember hunter 's hospital room being nearly this large . 
 and why were there surgical instruments out ? 
 hunter was n't going into surgery . 
 i stood up from the chair and walked over to the bed . 
 he was lying on his side , his back turned to me , his torso rising and falling slowly . 
 probably asleep . 
 then i looked down to where his legs were . 
 blood seeped through the sheets , spreading rapidly until it soaked through the entire bottom of the bed . 
 in a panic , i reached for the sheets and pulled them off . 
 his legs were gone . 
 two bloody stumps were all that remained . 
 i opened my mouth to scream but nothing came out . 
 hunter was stirring . 
 he turned around slowly , but his face looked different . 
 icy chills shot through my veins from head to toe . 
 that 's not hunter . 
 marco 's face stared at me , his eyes wide and crazed . 
 i stumbled backward and fell . 
 then his mouth opened to speak . 
 `` i hope you 're recovering well . '' 
 my eyes sprang open . 
 i sucked in lungfuls of air , trying to steady my breathing . 
 my heart pounded against my ribcage and a slick layer of sweat covered my forehead . 
 i was still in a hospital room , but this one was normal sized and dimly lit . 
 hunter lay a few feet away from me , sleeping soundly . 
 his eyes were closed and peaceful . 
 this was definitely hunter . 
 his legs were fully intact , and one foot stuck out from under the sheet . 
 my face was hot and i felt ashamed of myself . 
 why did i even need to check ? 
 i was like a kid scared of the dark . 
 tears blurred my eyes and i wiped them away . 
 the collar of my shirt was soaked with sweat , and my skin felt clammy . 
 i hope you 're recovering well . 
 i shivered . 
 the hospital 's filtered air was too cold . 
 it was okay . 
 hunter was going to be okay . 
 we would be okay . 
 i repeated it to myself like a mantra . 
 except that he could n't walk . 
 clenching my jaw , i tried to prevent my lips from trembling even though i knew no one was watching me . 
 hunter might wake up at any second , and i did n't want him to see me crying . 
 was n't i the one who wanted to be by his side to help him through this ? 
 somehow i doubted that it would help him if he saw me in the middle of a panic attack . 
 it had already been a few days since hunter had been admitted to the hospital . 
 a number of other doctors had come and gone . 
 they seemed to confirm what dr. gallagher had said about hunter 's legs . 
 he might be able to walk again , but only after extensive physical therapy . 
 in any case , there was no guarantee . 
 the reality of the situation was starting to sink in for me , and the nightmares came along for the ride . 
 it seemed like every time i closed my eyes , some horrific vision greeted me , usually involving marco in some way . 
 the change in hunter 's condition seemed to have intensified my trauma over what happened to my parents at the worst possible moment . 
 i knew i needed to be there for hunter , but the nightmares were making it hard . 
 other than his legs , hunter was recovering well from the flare-up . 
 they were trying to switch him to a different treatment . 
 he 'd still have to do injections , but it was a different drug . 
 the good news was that despite the scary flare-up , the doctors said hunter 's disease was not progressing as aggressively as they had feared . 
 all in all , the news was n't terrible . 
 but it still did n't help me shake the horrible feeling at the bottom of my gut . 
 i had promised hunter that i would be there for him , but as the days wore on , and the nightmares ate at me , the more i wondered if i would be able to live up to that promise . 
 my fingers dug into the arms of the chair i was sitting in , making it a little slippery . 
 hunter 's chest rose and fell peacefully . 
 his attitude seemed pretty good the past few days , cheerful even . 
 when the doctors had offered him a reference to counseling services , he had insisted that he was okay with his situation and just wanted to get better . 
 i did n't know if he was just pretending to be cheerful , or if he was just in denial about the seriousness of the situation . 
 if he really was in denial , i was terrified of what might happen when he finally realized that even in the best case scenario , he would n't be able to walk for several months . 
 footsteps interrupted my thoughts and a nurse came into the room . 
 hunter stirred at the noise and opened his eyes sleepily , rubbing them and stretching his arms out . 
 the nurse looked at me curiously , before turning to hunter . 
 `` good to see you 're resting , i 've got the discharge papers here and the wheelchair is right outside in the hallway . 
 you can sign the paperwork , and whenever you 're ready you can head out on your way . '' 
 hunter pushed himself upright in the bed , a big sleepy grin stretching across his face . 
 `` sweet , let 's get going . 
 snorrie , you ready ? '' 
 i nodded and but i could n't bring myself to smile back . 
 we had been looking forward to hunter being discharged today , but right now , i needed some time to compose myself . 
 `` yeah , '' i said , my voice cracked and i cleared my throat . 
 `` just give me a second , i 'm going to clean up a bit . '' 
 the nurse handed the clipboard to hunter , while i walked out of the room . 
 she did n't take her eyes off of me . 
 did i really look that bad ? 
 in the hallway , i walked by the wheelchair that was meant for hunter . 
 the leather padding was old and cracked , but the chrome frame and plastic handles still gleamed like new . 
 my eyes stung at the thought of hunter in that chair . 
 he was cheerful now , but would he still feel the same when he left the hospital ? 
 i clenched my hands until i felt nail marks in my palms . 
 then i headed down the hall to the restrooms . 
 when i got to the ladies room and looked in the mirror , i could hardly recognize myself . 
 my face was sunken and gray , my eyes bloodshot . 
 how were we going to make this work ? 
 how could i possibly be strong enough for him when i was like this ? 
 i could feel the tears welling up in my eyes , but i bit them back . 
 you need to be strong for hunter . 
 you 're his anchor now . 
 the faucet squeaked when i turned it on and i splashed cold water on my face . 
 he needed me . 
 i could n't let him down . 
 and that was that . 
 a little less than an hour later , hunter had finished all the paperwork and we went out the building 's revolving door . 
 he was still in a good mood and insisted on wheeling himself rather than letting me push him . 
 i kept a fake smile on my face and let him do it , he seemed to have it under control . 
 we stopped at the car , and i opened the passenger side door for him . 
 `` thanks , '' he said . 
 he flashed me a warm smile after hoisting himself into the front seat . 
 i folded up his wheelchair to put it in the back . 
 `` no problemo , '' i said , trying to keep my tone light . 
 even though i had to fake my cheerful tone , it did make me feel a little less depressed . 
 once we were strapped in , we headed onto the freeway . 
 we had the window down and the weather was starting to get a lot warmer . 
 the breeze was making me feel better and i guess hunter 's positive mood was rubbing off on me too . 
 maybe it also helped that my nightmare about marco was fading away . 
 `` you know , i was thinking , '' hunter said , turning to me . 
 `` uh-oh , '' i managed to tease in a playful tone . 
 he laughed before continuing , `` i think it 's time for me to get a job . '' 
 `` a job ? 
 now ? '' 
 `` i dunno , i guess it would be nice to have something to do outside the house . 
 the dining room just needs a layer of paint and then it 's done . '' 
 `` okay , what did you have in mind ? '' 
 `` maybe i could still go work for clint , you know , at the gym ? '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` do n't worry , not like i 'm gon na do anything crazy like spar or anything . 
 i can do some coaching on the sidelines or whatever , maybe even just man the reception desk . 
 i looked over at his face , his eyes were round and excited . 
 `` yeah , maybe that would be good for you . '' 
 even though i was n't sure if what he wanted was possible , it was nice to see that he was getting excited about something . 
 it gave me some hope that things would turn out okay . 
 by the time we got back to the house , hunter still seemed pretty cheerful . 
 we stopped the car and i went to the back to take out the wheelchair . 
 after i unfolded it , i put it next to the passenger side of the car and opened the door . 
 hunter tried to lift himself into it by grabbing onto the arms but it would start rolling away whenever he put his weight on it . 
 `` here , i can help you with that , '' i said , stepping closer to hold it still for him . 
 `` no , i got it , '' he said . 
 he waved me away . 
 something in his tone made me stop . 
 i wanted to help him but i knew that he did n't want me to treat him like he could n't do anything himself . 
 after a few more tries , he was finally able to get himself onto the chair , but i could see the sharp line in his jaw . 
 `` come on , let 's go inside . '' 
 it was annoying that he refused to let me help , but i did n't say anything . 
 before we even got to the front door , the boys zoomed outside . 
 they must 've been watching from the window . 
 they cheered about hunter getting back from the hospital and he humored them for a bit . 
 at least my cousins did n't treat him any differently even though he was in a wheelchair . 
 uncle stewart followed them out , his tie still on , a can of soda in his hand . 
 `` welcome back . '' 
 hunter gave a curt nod . 
 `` thank you , sir . '' 
 his jaw was tight again , and it was clear that he did n't want to say anything else . 
 my uncle grimaced awkwardly and shifted on his feet . 
 we stood there for a moment , just watching each other , while joel and billy poked at the wheelchair . 
 my aunt was probably too busy cooking to notice that we had come back . 
 hunter looked down at his legs , before clearing his throat . 
 `` thanks for letting me stay at your house longer . 
 i really appreciate it . '' 
 `` no problem at all , caroline and i are happy to have you around , '' my uncle said . 
 then we were back to awkward silence again . 
 `` should we go inside ? '' 
 i asked , uncomfortable . 
 `` yeah , '' hunter said . 
 he rolled himself up to the front of the house , his wheelchair coming to a stop at the steps . 
 he tried to get over the bottom step a few times , but it was clear that he was n't going to be able to get over it , much less the next three steps leading up to the door . 
 he sat there , his face scrunched up . 
 i walked over tentatively . 
 i did n't want him to get upset like he had earlier when i tried to help him out of the car , but this time , there was no way he was getting into the house if we just left him there . 
 `` hey , can we help you with that ? '' 
 i asked , trying to keep my voice as normal as possible . 
 hunter stared at me intensely before his eyes darted to the steps and then my uncle . 
 `` um , yeah , '' he said , running his hand through his hair , and gritting his teeth . 
 i walked towards him and uncle stewart joined me after setting his soda down . 
 hunter 's brows were furrowed . 
 my uncle and i tried to find a good spot to grab the chair by , while hunter stared ahead , not making eye contact with either of us . 
 finally we grabbed the wheels and lifted hunter together . 
 he just held onto our shoulders with his arms and grimaced . 
 even though uncle stewart and i were the ones out of breath , hunter 's face was beet red . 
 he mumbled a thanks to us before he rolled himself inside . 
 i wanted to talk to him , but he was already gone . 
 my uncle went back for his soda , so i headed inside to find hunter . 
 i guessed he had gone straight to the guest room and i was right . 
 hunter had already moved himself to the bed by the time i got there . 
 he sat with his legs hanging off the side , his shoulders slumped forward , his lips tight in a thin line . 
 whatever good cheer he had left the hospital with was now long gone and he made no effort to disguise it . 
 seeing the pain in his eyes made my heart ache and i took a deep breath so i would n't cry . 
 it felt like it was so long ago that hunter had told me that he would save us both . 
 now , he was the one who needed saving , but i did n't know how to do it . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i asked , regretting those words as soon as they came out of my mouth . 
 he laid down on the bed , and lifted his legs up with his hands . 
 then he rolled over and turned away from me . 
 i bit my lip . 
 i hated myself for asking such a dumb question but i did n't know what else to say . 
 `` nothing . 
 i 'm gon na get some rest . 
 i think the move from the hospital wore me out . '' 
 `` okay , '' i whispered . 
 i turned to leave but stopped at the door . 
 even though i wanted to add something else , all i could think about was the tortured expression on his face . 
 i needed more time to figure out the best way to help him . 
 chapter twenty-two help the next couple days passed by in a blur . 
 my nightmares about marco intensified and-on top of it all-he was starting to take up a lot of my conscious thoughts as well . 
 i could n't help but think that if he wrote back , with a reason for why he killed my mother , the nightmares would finally stop . 
 i needed to focus on being there for hunter , but marco 's intrusions into my thoughts were making it difficult . 
 i did my best to put a cheerful face on , but inside i was tied in knots . 
 seeing hunter in a wheelchair was hard . 
 seeing how much he was struggling to adjust to it was even more painful . 
 he tried to hide it , but when he thought i was n't watching i kept catching him staring off into space . 
 every day we fought to find normal , but the life we 'd hoped for seemed to be slipping further and further away . 
 late wednesday morning , i came up with an idea that i hoped would make hunter feel better about his situation . 
 he had said he wanted a job at clint 's gym , so maybe it would cheer him up if i took him there . 
 obviously he would n't be able to do the same activities he had done the last time we went , but he could still at least be around the fighters and maybe offer some tips on technique . 
 more than anything , it would get him out of the house . 
 plus , doing something tangible for him would make me feel better about whether i was being as supportive as i needed to be . 
 when i came downstairs i went to the living room , where i assumed he would be . 
 the couch was empty . 
 that was strange . 
 i quickly checked the downstairs bathroom but saw that was empty as well . 
 nervous , i walked toward hunter 's room , hoping desperately there was n't something else wrong with him . 
 maybe he was getting worse . 
 as i made my way to his door i heard a sound in the dining room . 
 brows furrowed , i changed course to see what was going on . 
 i entered the room to see hunter sitting in his chair and using the gripper tool my uncle had bought for him to try to get a paint tray down from the top of a ladder . 
 uncle stewart had just come home with the gripper the previous day . 
 `` hunter , what are you doing ? '' 
 he looked over at me briefly before going back to his attempt to grip the paint tray . 
 there was already a can of paint and a roller on the floor next to him . 
 `` i 'm gon na get some paint on these walls . '' 
 `` hunter , you do n't have to do this . 
 i 'm sure my aunt and uncle understand - '' he shook his head before i was finished . 
 `` i want to do it , lorrie . '' 
 i bit my lip , but said nothing . 
 if he thought he could do this , i knew it would n't help to argue with him . 
 `` okay , '' i said , trying to make myself sound as cheerful as possible . 
 `` let me get that tray for you . '' 
 i took a couple steps toward the ladder . 
 `` no ! '' 
 hunter boomed . 
 my heart pounded in my chest and my cheeks felt heated . 
 why was he being so difficult ? 
 he looked at me briefly and shook his head . 
 `` i can do this . 
 i need practice with this thing if i 'm going to be stuck in a wheelchair for a while . '' 
 i stood on my heels and watched him struggle to get the tray . 
 the lip he was trying to grab the ladder by by was pretty small , and since he was at an angle to begin with he had to get it exactly right if it was going to grip properly . 
 as he struggled with the gripper , his wheelchair slipped forward . 
 he lunged dramatically to maintain his balance . 
 the gripper caught the top of the ladder , tipping it . 
 the ladder fell with a loud crash . 
 i took a few steps toward hunter 's side , but stopped when i saw his expression . 
 he was okay , but i had never seen someone more frustrated in my life . 
 his eyes were scrunched up and his jaw was set in a combination of anguish and rage . 
 he shook for a moment , but did n't even yell . 
 he stared at the ladder and i stared at him for several seconds , neither of us making a move . 
 then i stepped tentatively toward the ladder . 
 `` do n't touch it , '' hunter rasped . 
 `` i got this . '' 
 `` let me help , '' i offered , bending towards the ladder . 
 `` i said do n't touch it ! '' 
 i froze , then straightened up and turned to face him . 
 my heart beat loudly in my ears . 
 a tense silence hung in the air , and i did n't want to be the one to break it . 
 hunter saved me from having to . 
 `` please leave , '' he said through his teeth . 
 `` i can handle this . 
 sorry for the noise . '' 
 i took a deep breath , trying to stop myself from screaming . 
 `` hunter , what 's your problem ? 
 i 'm trying to help . '' 
 `` i know , '' he said through gritted teeth . 
 `` you 've been trying to help ever since i got back from the hospital . '' 
 `` then why wo n't you let me help ? 
 i care about you . '' 
 he threw his hands up . 
 `` if you care about me , then leave me the hell alone . 
 i can do this stuff for myself . '' 
 i bit my tongue as i watched him wheel over to the ladder and put it upright . 
 it took him a while , but he was so strong he did end up getting it by himself . 
 after he was done he turned to me . 
 `` i 'm gon na paint now , '' he said . 
 he picked up the can and a screwdriver to pry it open . 
 i pursed my lips , then decided to tell him what my plan had been . 
 `` if you want to do that , then fine , but i came down here to offer to take you to clint 's . 
 i thought you might want to get out of the house or something . '' 
 hunter stopped what he was doing and looked at me , clearly thinking about it . 
 `` if we 're going to go , we kind of have to go now , '' i added . 
 `` i told my aunt i 'd help with dinner later . '' 
 he thought some more , then put the paint can down and left the screwdriver on top of that . 
 `` alright , let 's go . '' 
 we stood there in silence for a moment . 
 finally , i walked out of the room to get my jacket and keys , my lips pressed tightly together as i did my best to avoid another argument . 
 hunter followed closely . 
 soon , we were out the door . 
 neither of us spoke much the whole ride . 
 hunter turned the radio on almost as soon as he got himself situated , and we listened to the music rather than continue the discussion we 'd started in the house . 
 for my part , i did n't even know what i could say . 
 eventually i caught myself daydreaming about what marco 's response to my letter might be . 
 i shook my head , angry that i was letting him creep in again , and soon we were in front of clint 's gym . 
 when we got there , i helped hunter out of the car and told him i 'd be back in a couple hours . 
 then i drove back home , thinking about everything that had happened to us . 
 we 'd almost been there . 
 almost happy . 
 hunter was going to get an apartment in eltingville and we had everything figured out . 
 now we were back to the drawing board . 
 after parking his car in front of my aunt 's house , i walked inside and was greeted by rampage . 
 i went to pick him up , but he scurried away to hunter 's room . 
 sighing to myself , i followed him in . 
 he had managed to hide by the time i walked into the room . 
 my guess was he had hidden underneath the bed . 
 as i got down onto my knees to look , something caught my eye . 
 hunter 's gym bag was at the foot of the bed with his clothes folded neatly inside . 
 on top of the clothes was a little black pouch . 
 his ms treatment . 
 the burden he carried with him everywhere he went . 
 my breathing quickened . 
 i stood up unsteadily and plopped onto his bed , arranging myself so i was face down in his pillows . 
 they still smelled like him . 
 memories of all the different times we had spent together washed over me . 
 would the memories we made going forward be as good ? 
 how many more would there be ? 
 tears sprang to my eyes . 
 of course they would as good . 
 i just had to figure out how to help us navigate us past this rough patch . 
 hunter 's ms was in a bad spot , but that did n't mean i had to start acting like he was going to die any minute . 
 the more i thought about it , the angrier i got with myself . 
 hunter was the one with ms. it was him that was stuck in a wheelchair . 
 i had to be the one who was strong and made this relationship work . 
 he was already doing everything he could . 
 he had enough on his plate . 
 i shook my head in frustration , tears still streaming down my face . 
 why could n't i just focus on him ? 
 even in the car earlier that day , i had drifted off thinking about marco right after we 'd had a fight . 
 i was n't even sure the fight was over . 
 no matter how hard i tried , i could n't keep myself from crying . 
 anger crept up inside me anew . 
 here i was , sobbing into hunter 's pillows , leaving them wet and messy . 
 hunter was trying to deal with being in a wheelchair and i was a sobbing mess . 
 how could i help him ? 
 how was i going to help myself ? 
 i grabbed a pillow and pulled it tight to my face so i could scream into it . 
 why was i falling to pieces when hunter needed me most ? 
 why ? 
 why ? 
 why ? 
 i turned onto my back and stared at the ceiling numbly . 
 this was just another step . 
 i had to figure out how to get past this mess . 
 i had to be stronger for hunter . 
 chapter twenty-three front desk hunter i rolled into clint 's gym in a shitty mood . 
 adjusting to the wheelchair had been more of a pain in the ass than i expected . 
 it had only been a few days but i already hated being in this f ** king chair . 
 i could barely do anything for myself , which made me feel more and more like a burden on the people around me . 
 i was f ** king things up again . 
 lorrie just wanted a healthy relationship , but it was hard to see a way to do that now . 
 we 'd almost had it , but now with my ms it was ruined . 
 lorrie had worked her ass off for that art competition and she could 've f ** king won . 
 because of me , she could n't go . 
 how many other sacrifices was she going to have to make ? 
 i knew she wanted to stay with me , but every time i thought about it , the more i realized how much she was giving up . 
 my ms was totally unpredictable . 
 it was impossible to make plans for the future when we did n't know when the next attack would strike . 
 i wracked my brain endlessly for a solution , but nothing had come yet and i was n't hopeful anything was coming . 
 shaking my head , i rolled past the front desk . 
 there was no point thinking about it anymore for now . 
 the desk was unoccupied again . 
 i wondered if there were any days it was actually manned full-time . 
 it was clearly still in use based on the papers and stuff , so someone came in at some point . 
 just not either of the times i 'd been around . 
 maybe clint had his coffee there in the morning . 
 the more i thought about it , the more it made sense it was just him that used the desk in the early morning . 
 it was hard to imagine anyone putting up with clint long-term . 
 or him putting up with anyone , for that matter . 
 i passed the desk and went into the gym . 
 guys were hitting the bag on the right and wrestling on the left , just like last time . 
 two were fighting in the ring , but to my surprise clint was n't there . 
 i swiveled my head around . 
 he was nowhere in sight . 
 after wheeling myself closer , i stopped in front of the boxing ring and watched the two fighters spar . 
 they were both hispanic kids , fifteen or so by my guess . 
 both were pretty skinny . 
 compared to the wrestling i 'd seen before , these kids looked to have pretty good technique . 
 the defensive skill of one of them in particular was sharp . 
 as i watched him duck and weave around his opponent 's punches , i wondered if i would ever get to do that again . 
 `` i see you got some new wheels , '' a voice said from behind me . 
 it was clint . 
 i turned around as quickly as i could . 
 `` yeah , '' i said with a shrug . 
 i tried to think of some joke to make about it , but i had nothing . 
 his blue eyes bore no trace of any pity . 
 by the look of it , my newfound condition surprised him about as much as his alarm in the morning . 
 `` you down long-term ? 
 i do n't see a cast or anything . '' 
 i looked down at my legs as if to confirm there was no cast . 
 `` yeah . 
 i mean , hard to say . '' 
 i took a deep breath . 
 clint waited patiently , seemingly with no place to go at all . 
 might as well tell him . 
 could n't pretend there was nothing wrong with me at this point . 
 `` i have ms , '' i said steadily . 
 `` multiple sclerosis . '' 
 i watched for his reaction but he simply waited for me to continue , the corners of his eyes wrinkled in polite attention . 
 `` normally i just have to manage it , but i had a flare-up , '' i continued . 
 `` this was the worst one i 've had . 
 is the worst one , i guess . 
 so i 'm stuck like this , for a while at least . 
 hard to say how long it will last . '' 
 clint nodded and thrust his hands into his jean pockets . 
 `` you doin ' therapy or anything ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` not yet . 
 got ta go back to the doctor in a couple weeks . 
 if my tests are good , they 'll let me start doing therapy . '' 
 clint shook his head . 
 `` hell of a disease , son . 
 best of luck to you . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i replied . 
 `` i was wondering if you 'd still let me come in and do some coaching . '' 
 clint shrugged and looked me in the eye . 
 `` if you can . 
 ca n't promise i 'll pay ya if you ca n't do it , but i 'm happy to give you a shot . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i appreciate the chance . '' 
 `` you 're welcome . 
 where 's that nice girl you had with you last time ? 
 i 'm guessing you do n't have your car set up to drive yourself yet . '' 
 `` she dropped me off , '' i said , my smile disappearing from my face . 
 `` i 'm actually staying with her family at the moment . 
 long story . '' 
 his eyebrows shot up . 
 `` you 're lucky to have that kind of support . 
 i 'll tell ya , a partner in life is the greatest blessing in the world . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i knew i should have more to say about lorrie than that , but i could n't muster anything else . 
 i turned and watched the kids wrestling against the wall . 
 even though they were n't very good , they could all probably beat me right now with my useless legs . 
 i wondered when i would get my strength back to be able to take them again . 
 maybe i never would . 
 clint broke into my thoughts . 
 `` son , i know that look , and i do n't like it . 
 i 'm gon na give you some advice : cut out the bullshit . '' 
 blood rushed hot to my face . 
 i shook my head . 
 why was he talking like he knew me ? 
 `` what look ? 
 i do n't - '' `` shut up and just listen . 
 every second you spend wishing you were n't in that chair is one you could spend living the life you have , and that should start with taking care of your relationships with the people that love you . '' 
 `` who said i was n't taking care of those relationships ? '' 
 i asked , my pulse pounding . 
 `` i did . 
 call it an old man 's intuition . 
 you gon na tell me i 'm wrong ? '' 
 i opened my mouth then shut it , too stunned to come up with a rebuttal . 
 he seized on my silence . 
 `` listen , son , i know you 're in a rough spot right now and i 'm trying to help you . 
 take care of things on the homefront before you go picking any new fights . 
 which in this case i 'm guessing is whatever it takes to get yourself upright again . '' 
 `` thanks for the advice , '' i said , my tone clipped . 
 i did n't need a lecture from clint . 
 he paused and looked away for a second before turning his steely gaze back on me . 
 `` i buried my wife last year . 
 married her right before i went to ` nam . 
 she waited for me the whole time . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i can tell you for a fact that you 're blessed to have someone in your life . 
 greatest fortune a person can have . 
 cherish every day of it . '' 
 my jaw tensed . 
 `` i 'll do my best . '' 
 he looked down at his shoes for a moment before bringing his head up again , his lips tight . 
 `` we all spend half our life getting up , son . 
 once we 're stood straight , we have a look around , enjoy the view , and if we 're lucky we die peacefully . 
 it 's a lot easier to stand up with someone by your side , and the view 's a lot better . 
 you do n't wan na get to my age and wish you had done better by the people you love . 
 trust me . '' 
 i felt like i should say something , but he 'd worked up a head of steam . 
 `` every day , '' he said , pounding his fist from emphasis . 
 `` if you have someone to come home to who loves you , life will be happy . 
 if you do n't , good luck figuring it out . 
 it might be possible , but i 'm sixty-eight years old and i do n't have a god damn clue how to do it . '' 
 i started to respond , but something in his tone made me stop . 
 his words rattled around in my head while i tried to figure out why it bothered me so much . 
 he bit his lip for a moment . 
 `` give me a call when you 're feeling up to coaching , '' he said , his voice shaking slightly . 
 `` i got ta go teach these kids how to avoid getting their asses kicked , but you can stay as long as you like . '' 
 with that , he turned and walked to the ring . 
 i sat there , shaken and confused as i watched him get in and start coaching . 
 why was i so affected by the old man 's speech ? 
 i 'd been pissed off when he was giving it and now i could n't get it out of my head . 
 i was still thinking about what clint had said when lorrie texted about an hour later to tell me she was out front . 
 before i left the gym , i passed by the desk in the building 's entrance . 
 to the right of the computer monitor perched on the desk was a picture of clint and a woman with long brown hair . 
 they were at a party and smiling wide . 
 she must 've been his wife . 
 was she the one who used to sit here at the front desk ? 
 i glanced at the photo again . 
 the two of them looked so happy and in love . 
 it was sad to think about the short time the people in that picture had left together . 
 chapter twenty-four distraction lorrie eventually , i got out of his bed and cleaned myself up in the bathroom . 
 even though i did my best , my eyes still looked puffy . 
 soon it was time to pick hunter up at the gym . 
 after finishing up with changing his pillowcase , i left , still spinning my wheels on how i could get past my obsession with marco . 
 the best i could think of was to ask my therapist about it the next time i saw her . 
 for now i was an empty , exhausted husk . 
 i arrived at the gym and sent hunter a text to let him know i was outside . 
 a few minutes later he came out the front entrance . 
 we exchanged short greetings and then i helped him into the car in silence . 
 once we were situated , i backed the car out and headed for home . 
 `` hey , thanks for taking me , '' he said , once we were on our way . 
 i pursed my lips and nodded absently . 
 at least he was in a better mood . 
 my mind wandered to the letter i 'd sent marco . 
 maybe i should n't have been as cold . 
 maybe i should have pretended to forgive him , and then coaxed it out of him once i 'd built up some trust . 
 would i have been able to do that ? 
 maybe i could send him another one . 
 i wished i could track whether he 'd received the one i sent . 
 we came to a red light . 
 hunter looked at me curiously , his face concerned . 
 `` were you crying ? '' 
 he asked . 
 my jaw clenched . 
 `` what makes you think that ? '' 
 `` your eyes are puffy . '' 
 i glanced up at the rear view mirror . 
 he was right . 
 no point in lying about it now . 
 `` oh . 
 well , yeah i did cry a little bit . 
 just being emotional . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 he looked skeptical , but said nothing . 
 we continued driving . 
 i was glad we were n't continuing our fight from before . 
 at this point , i was n't sure i could take it . 
 i drifted to thinking about writing another letter to marco . 
 maybe i could call the prison to see if the first one had been received . 
 if i ever had to write another one , i was definitely paying for tracking information . '' 
 ... said some stuff and i got to thinking . '' 
 hunter was talking to me . 
 `` hm ? '' 
 i asked , trying to pay attention . 
 `` i said , clint and i got to talking . '' 
 `` oh , what did you talk about ? '' 
 my voice felt distant , even to myself . 
 i did my best to push marco from my mind and focus on hunter . 
 why was i trying to put my emotional stability in the hands of a murderer ? 
 what good could possibly come from that ? 
 on the other hand , i clearly could n't move on without some sort of closure . 
 i had to find out why marco did it so that things would start making sense again . 
 would i ever find out or was i going to be trapped by this forever ? '' 
 ... really care about you . 
 i do n't want to look back on my life wishing i had treated you differently . '' 
 hunter was staring at me . 
 he shook his head in frustration and let out a heavy sigh . 
 `` lorrie , are you even listening ? 
 i 'm trying to apologize here . '' 
 i rubbed my eyes . 
 `` sorry , yes . 
 i 'm listening . 
 thank you for apologizing . 
 i care about you too . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` what 's going on with you ? 
 why were you crying ? '' 
 we were already half-way home and i barely remembered leaving the parking lot . 
 my mind felt like it was trapped inside a cloud . 
 i needed to snap out of it , fast . 
 `` it 's nothing , hunter . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 no matter how it happened , i had to get this obsession with marco 's motive for killing my mom out of my mind . 
 it was popping up more and more and it had to stop if i was going to be able to give my relationship with hunter the attention it needed . 
 `` why do you feel like you ca n't tell me ? '' 
 hunter was worried about me , but i did n't want to talk about it . 
 i doubted that talking about marco would help get him out of my mind , but it would definitely give hunter something more to worry about . 
 `` i told you it 's nothing . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` lorrie , look , i f ** king hate being in this chair and i know it 's hard on you too . 
 i 'm just trying to take it one day at a time . 
 sometimes i 'm gon na f ** k things up , but can you be patient with me ? 
 i promise you , i 'm gon na work my ass off to get outta this chair as soon as i can . '' 
 hunter looked at me , his gray eyes focused and intense . 
 `` it 's okay , it is n't your fault . '' 
 `` like hell it is n't . 
 i 'm sorry i was being a dick earlier . '' 
 `` no really , i just ... nevermind . 
 let 's talk about it later . '' 
 he studied me suspiciously for a moment , but he did n't say anything . 
 when he realized that i had nothing else to add he sighed heavily and turned away to look out the window . 
 somehow , i 'd managed to make things worse . 
 hunter was doing everything he could to make this work while i kept messing things up . 
 i scrambled for some way to save it , but everything i thought of sounded dumb . 
 i had nothing . 
 i bit my lip and glanced over at him before returning my eyes to the road . 
 even though we were sitting only inches from each other , it felt like we could n't be further apart . 
 chapter twenty-five answers it was awkward between me and hunter for the next few days . 
 every night , i 'd have nightmares , and every day i would walk around in a fog . 
 aunt caroline and uncle stewart seemed to notice the shift in our moods but gave us our space . 
 i felt trapped in my own head . 
 even when i tried to focus on helping hunter , my mind continued to drift back to thinking about marco and my letter . 
 i was thinking about asking my therapist for an emergency appointment . 
 thursday afternoon rolled around . 
 the two of us sat together in the living room , but neither of us felt like talking much . 
 aunt caroline had left earlier in the afternoon to run some errands . 
 she 'd be coming back later after she picked the kids up from school . 
 uncle stewart was still at work . 
 hunter sat on the living room couch , watching tv . 
 i sat beside him , a sketchpad open on my lap . 
 after an hour , it was still blank . 
 staring at an empty page was n't going to help me . 
 i sucked in a deep breath and decided to check the mail , just like i had every day that week . 
 `` i 'm going to go see if the mailman came , '' i said , standing up . 
 hunter opened his mouth as if to say something , then he seemed to think better of it and just nodded . 
 i turned and left . 
 this was how it had been with us lately . 
 on pins and needles . 
 i walked out the front of the house to the curb , opening the mailbox . 
 there was a large stack of envelopes inside and i pulled them all out . 
 coupons . 
 coupons . 
 more coupons . 
 clothing catalog . 
 something forwarded to me from arrowhart . 
 when i tore the envelope open , there was another envelope inside . 
 cook county penal system . 
 i froze in place , shivers running down my spine . 
 my eyes scanned and rescanned the words as my chest pounded , blood rushing to my ears . 
 marco had written me back . 
 finally . 
 my mind raced . 
 was this it ? 
 was today the day i got some answers . 
 after all my suffering , had i just needed to ask ? 
 i tore the letter open and started to read : dear lorrie , i am very happy that you have written back . 
 i want to to talk to you very much . 
 i hope that one day we can understand each other . 
 i know you have a lot of questions and i will answer them , but you must come visit on may 11th . 
 i will only tell you , nobody else . 
 i am truly sorry . 
 it must be on may 11th . 
 i spend a lot of time thinking about what i did and i only wish to find forgiveness now . 
 please find it in your heart to visit . 
 it will help both of us move on to the next step . 
 my pn is # 276-2596 . 
 i put you on my guest list so the guards let you in . 
 with much love , marco my heart sank . 
 the date he gave me was the next day . 
 it must 've taken the letter a while to get to me . 
 i was so close to getting the answers i needed , but he had to throw in one more step . 
 still , though . 
 the prospect of seeing him again face to face was scary , but if that was what i needed to do to get closure ... why had it come now , when things could n't be worse for hunter and me ? 
 was this a sign ? 
 was this the way out ? 
 i walked back to the house on autopilot , clutching the letter in one hand and the rest of the mail in the other . 
 when i came inside i tossed the mail on the counter and stood there , rereading marco 's letter . 
 `` lorrie , '' hunter said . 
 `` hey , lorrie . 
 is something wrong ? '' 
 i shook the fog away and saw him sitting in his wheelchair next to me . 
 his brows were furrowed in concern . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 his eyes darted to my hand . 
 `` you walked into the house like a zombie . 
 did n't even hear me when i called your name . 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 marco 's letter was still clutched tightly between my fingers , a little clammy with my sweat . 
 i took a deep breath and tried to come back down to reality . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm okay . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 hunter asked , looking at the letter with suspicion . 
 even though i had been hiding the fact that my nightmares about marco had been getting worse , it did n't make sense to hide it anymore when the end of our problems was so close . 
 i held up the envelope . 
 `` do you remember the letter i wrote to marco ? 
 well , he just wrote me back . '' 
 `` what did he say ? '' 
 he asked , his eyes widening . 
 i did n't feel like explaining everything , so i just handed the letter over . 
 `` read it . '' 
 he frowned and scanned it over quickly . 
 when he was done , he cleared his throat . 
 `` i do n't think you should go . '' 
 my face felt flushed . 
 his response was n't what i was expecting . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked , louder than i meant to . 
 `` what if i want to go ? '' 
 `` something about it just does n't feel right , '' he said , shaking his head . 
 he had softened his tone , but i could tell he felt pretty strongly about this . 
 i did n't say anything . 
 this was the lifeline i had been looking for and now hunter did n't want me to go . 
 a million things ran through my mind as i thought about how to explain to him how important this was for me . 
 hunter sighed . 
 `` if he really wanted to give you some answers , why could n't he write them in the letter ? 
 also , why did he choose a specific date ? 
 i dunno . 
 something seems off . '' 
 i heard the words he was saying , but they did n't sink in . 
 all i could think about was the nightmares stopping . 
 i could finally have some answers . 
 an answer . 
 that was worth the risk to me . 
 `` i have to know , '' i said . 
 `` it 's been driving me crazy , especially lately . 
 i 've been having all these dreams at night , and i 've been daydreaming about it during the day , and i can barely think about anything else . 
 if there 's any chance he will give me an answer , i have to try . '' 
 he grimaced . 
 `` i dunno lorrie , i really do n't wan na see you get hurt again by this guy . 
 he kinda seems like a psycho . '' 
 `` i have to try ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 `` i just have to ! 
 if it works , i 'll be free from this . 
 i have n't been there for you recently as much as i 'd like to be , and it 's because i have n't moved on from what happened to me yet . 
 do n't you see ? 
 once i get the answers from marco , i can finally just concentrate on us . 
 on you . 
 and why did the letter come now ? 
 just when we need answers the most ? 
 it 's a sign ... '' i babbled on while hunter reached his arm around my waist and hugged me tight to him . 
 i started to push him away , but then stopped . 
 it felt good to be in his arms . 
 `` lorrie , shh ... sh ... it 's okay . 
 it 's okay . 
 just do n't rush into it . 
 it 's tomorrow right ? 
 just sleep on it and you can decide in the morning . '' 
 i 'd gotten myself so worked up i was shaking . 
 `` okay , '' i said , trying to stay calm , but my mind was already racing ahead . 
 the end to all of our troubles was close . 
 i could feel it . 
 chapter twenty-six toss and turn the rest of the day drifted by at a snail 's pace . 
 i did n't tell anyone other than hunter about the letter . 
 i had n't even decided what to do yet and i just knew that if aunt caroline found out , she would freak out . 
 even though i managed to pretend to be normal the entire day , my mind kept weaving its way back to the letter . 
 was he really going to tell me if i went ? 
 what would he do if i left him waiting ? 
 hunter kept trying to catch my eye at dinner , but i avoided him and focused on my food the whole time . 
 my aunt and uncle were continuing to try and give me space , so my silence did n't get commented on . 
 the general feeling in the house was a mixture of awkwardness and tension . 
 even the kittens seemed to be staying out of sight . 
 dinner gave way to innocuous family time with the tv on and billy and joel horsing around , blissfully ignorant of any reason things should be any different than they were . 
 finally , everyone got ready for bed . 
 i said goodnight thinking i would probably want to go to the prison the next day . 
 even if i was going to leave the final decision for when i woke up , that was how i was leaning . 
 i changed into pajamas , turned off the lights , and got under my covers . 
 and tossed . 
 and turned . 
 and failed to even begin to drift off . 
 i lay on my back and stared at the ceiling , feeling my heart race . 
 adrenaline surged through my veins like i was running for my life , but all i was doing was trying to lie still . 
 visions of hunter 's expression as he tried to catch my eye at dinner ran through my mind . 
 he looked worried . 
 we 'd been on pins and needles since we 'd gotten back from the hospital , and it was n't getting better . 
 it was n't our fault . 
 we were both trying hard , hunter especially . 
 life was just awkward at the moment because we both had things outside of our relationship that were really weighing on us . 
 hunter 's problems were way more immediate than mine and they were n't going anywhere . 
 if i could just shed my obsession with marco , i could focus more completely on hunter . 
 i turned over onto my side and buried my face in my pillow . 
 tears emerged from my eyes and wet the pillowcase before they even had a chance to roll down my cheeks . 
 frustration welled up in my chest . 
 i breathed in and out heavily , trying to calm down . 
 what choice did i have ? 
 i had to take a chance on getting rid of this voice in my head asking why . 
 why ? 
 why ? 
 when i rolled onto my back , i felt wide awake . 
 dawn was cracking through my window . 
 maybe i 'd managed to sleep for a while , or maybe it was adrenaline , but i was full of energy . 
 i sat up in bed . 
 whatever sleep i 'd gotten was all i was going to get . 
 i shrugged my covers off , stood up , and flicked the lights on . 
 before i knew it , i was getting ready to go . 
 it was time to face this . 
 i thought about whether to tell hunter i was leaving . 
 he would probably want to come with me for support , but i was n't sure i really wanted him with me . 
 hunter would be as sweet and as supportive as anyone could ask , but for this i really just wanted some space . 
 this was between me and marco . 
 i settled on writing a note and leaving it on the kitchen counter . 
 unless there was some crazy delay , i would be back by lunch . 
 it would be just like i 'd slept in . 
 our problems would be over by that afternoon . 
 once the note was written , i headed out . 
 chapter twenty-seven what 's mine to know the sky was overcast as i drove to the prison . 
 there were a lot of people on the road , especially for a friday . 
 sitting in the stop and go traffic gave me time to think . 
 that was the last thing i needed . 
 i had n't seen marco since the trial , at least not in real life . 
 my dreams had been haunted . 
 now that nightmare was going to be made into a reality , and i did n't know if i was ready . 
 at this point , though i did n't have a choice . 
 i needed to understand why my mom had died . 
 if this could get me that , then i would put up with anything . 
 traffic finally cleared as i got past an interchange and began the final trek toward the exit for the prison . 
 i caught myself grinding my teeth and opened my mouth wide , trying to get some of the tension out . 
 it was no use . 
 as soon as i closed my mouth , there i was , grinding again . 
 eventually i stuck my tongue in between my front teeth to try and stop my jaw clenching . 
 that helped . 
 i thought again about hunter . 
 he might be a little mad when he realized what had happened , but at the end of the day this was between me and marco . 
 a glance at the clock told me it was just a few minutes before seven-thirty . 
 i would probably get back before ten-thirty . 
 at worst he was going to miss me for an hour or two . 
 that was n't the end of the world , hunter would get over it . 
 this was just something that i needed to do . 
 when hunter had come to rescue me after the mess we had left in studsen , i thought that all we needed to build a future together was to face our problems . 
 we had made a lot of a progress , but clearly there was still something i had n't gotten over . 
 going to see marco would fix that . 
 i 'd be able to move on , and then i could go back to helping hunter face his ms. he needed me and i needed to get over this one last thing . 
 he was counting on me , i could n't let him down . 
 finally , the exit came and i got off . 
 the road to the prison was littered with signs to beware of hitchhikers . 
 before i 'd even thought about it , i locked my doors . 
 the land was flat and treeless with nothing but fields in every direction . 
 after checking in at the gate and weaving my way to the correct lot , i parked my car . 
 this was it . 
 trying to steady myself , i emptied my purse of everything except my two forms of id-my license and my arrowhart id-and the note with marco 's id number on it . 
 i double-checked everything , then put my purse under the passenger front seat and stared out the windshield . 
 visiting hours started at seven-thirty , meaning i could go in whenever i was ready . 
 i watched a small family filter in and steadied myself to do the same . 
 i thought for the millionth time about what he was going to say . 
 why had he done it ? 
 what did my mom ever do to him ? 
 the questions had eaten away at my dad until he 'd been driven crazy . 
 i did n't want the same thing to happen to me . 
 i opened the car door and tried to get out before realizing i had left my seatbelt on . 
 my chest feeling slightly bruised from the sudden jerk of the belt across my chest , i sat back , undid my seatbelt , and got out of my car . 
 the parking lot was poorly maintained . 
 weeds sprouted from cracks in the asphalt . 
 i caught motion from the corner of my eye and nearly jumped . 
 when i noticed what it was , i shook my head . 
 it was just a cat . 
 its black fur shimmered in the early morning light . 
 for a split second i had the bizarre thought that it was the same one i saw around lake teewee before i fell in . 
 taking a deep breath , i shook the idle thoughts out of my head and walked across the parking lot to the visitor 's entrance . 
 i was actually doing this . 
 my heart thumped against my light jacket as i worked to steady my nerves and opened the door . 
 even though i had arrived only ten minutes after the beginning of visiting hours , there was already a line of a dozen people waiting to check in . 
 i got in the back and waited , my shoulders tense . 
 the drab beige walls and brown linoleum floor were n't unexpected , but the decor was depressing all the same . 
 all but one of the people in line were women . 
 several of them had brought small children . 
 everyone there was very excited about their visit . 
 the emotion in their voices as they shared the pain of having a loved one incarcerated made me feel awkward . 
 then one of them spoke to me . 
 `` is this your first time ? '' 
 the woman asked . 
 she had dark hair and wore a lot of makeup , but her eyes were kind . 
 by my guess she was in her thirties . 
 i nodded , unable to say anything more . 
 `` it 's not so bad . 
 they 'll check you in and pat you down , then bring you into a separate room . 
 you can even give your man a little kiss and a hug if you want . 
 it ai n't like the movies with glass separating you or nothin ' . '' 
 my stomach felt queasy . 
 i knew she was trying to help , but what she said only made me more uncomfortable . 
 there was no glass ? 
 i was going to have to sit in the same room with marco and not even have a pane of glass to separate us ? 
 she cocked her head and looked concerned for a moment . 
 `` he 's not in segregation or anything is he ? '' 
 my throat felt dry and shut tight . 
 i shook my head and dug through my reserve of willpower to try and be polite . 
 i attempted a response but the words just would n't come out . 
 my knees shook , and i steadied myself against the wall . 
 something oily and slimy crawled in the pit of my stomach and i wanted to throw up . 
 i thanked myself for not eating anything that morning . 
 she put her hand on my shoulder . 
 `` oh gosh , you 're shaking . 
 i 'm sorry if i made things worse . 
 good luck with your visit . '' 
 with a pat on my shoulder , she turned and went back to waiting in line . 
 chills ran up my sternum and down my spine . 
 i 'd already been on a knife 's edge , but this was nearly enough to tip me over . 
 the line moved faster than i expected and suddenly i was up next . 
 i dug through my pockets as the woman at the visitors desk waved me over . 
 she was heavy-set with short dark brown hair and wore brown wireframe glasses . 
 to her credit , when she spoke it was obvious she was making an attempt to be cheerful . 
 `` first time ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i nodded . 
 `` okay , i 'm going to need you to fill out this form and give it back to me with two forms of id . 
 you can just cut in line when you 're done . 
 pens are over there . '' 
 i thanked her and took the form over to a nearby table . 
 when i got there , i wiped the sweat away from my forehead and tried to focus on filling out the paperwork . 
 the form mostly consisted of questions about my identity , the identity of the person i was going to visit , and whether i 'd ever committed a crime or been to jail . 
 since i was clean on that front , it took very little time to complete . 
 after double-checking marco 's prisoner number at the top against the note i 'd brought with me , i went back to the visitor 's desk and handed my id over with the form . 
 the attendant took it with a smile and entered the information from the form into the computer . 
 i watched her work , keeping one eye nervously on the women who had gone to the next stage where they were patted down by a female prison officer before they were allowed into the visiting area . 
 every second was bringing me closer to seeing the man who had destroyed my life . 
 i knew he had the answers i needed . 
 i just had to get through this and i would start to understand things again . 
 i 'd be able to start over anew with hunter . 
 we would be happy again . 
 `` ms. burnham ? '' 
 the woman at the visitor 's desk was speaking to me . 
 shaking my head , i gave her my full attention . 
 she pursed her lips . 
 the previous friendly demeanor looked somehow strained . 
 `` you 're here to see mr. peralta , correct ? '' 
 i cleared my throat . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she pursed her lips and turned away . 
 `` okay . 
 one moment please . '' 
 i shifted awkwardly as she got on the phone and began speaking into the receiver . 
 what was all this about ? 
 was marco in segregation or something after all ? 
 after a couple minutes , she nodded and hung up . 
 she put two fingers in her mouth and whistled for another guard 's attention . 
 his head turned and he came over quickly . 
 he was a heavily muscled , dark-haired man with beady eyes and a buzz cut . 
 `` daryl , '' she said , `` can you take this young lady to cr one please ? '' 
 daryl nodded , apparently not needing any more clarification about his orders . 
 `` follow me , '' he said . 
 as i followed him , my scalp began to prickle down to the nape of my neck . 
 why were they taking me somewhere different than everyone else has gone ? 
 was daryl going to pat me down ? 
 a female had patted all the other women down , which i would definitely prefer . 
 i did n't want to be felt up by some strange guy . 
 we got to the room . 
 daryl turned the knob and opened the door , stepping back to hold it for me . 
 i held my breath and stepped in . 
 once i was in the room , he flipped the lights on for me , closed the door , and walked away . 
 i could hear my pulse throbbing dimly in my ears . 
 what is going on ? 
 i stood there , not knowing what to do as i listened to his retreating footsteps . 
 the room had concrete walls that had been painted a creamy off-white and contained a single table with two chairs on one side and one chair on the other . 
 the table was woodgrain laminate , the chairs black plastic . 
 i took a seat on the side with two chairs , figuring the other side had to be the one for the inmates . 
 it was n't until i was seated that i realized how small the room was . 
 the table was maybe eight feet in length and four feet wide . 
 it took up the majority of the room . 
 there was n't much more space than was needed to scoot back your chair and get around the table . 
 marco and i would be in close quarters . 
 i thought about where the prison guard would stand while marco and i were talking . 
 the palms of my hands felt moist with sweat . 
 i wiped them against my jeans . 
 without any windows , i began to feel a little claustrophobic . 
 there was n't even anything on the walls . 
 this room was just a concrete box . 
 my heart pounded against my ribcage . 
 i looked down at the table legs . 
 they were bolted into the ground . 
 i nodded to myself and looked at the door , but i did n't hear anyone coming . 
 i supposed it took a while to go and get the inmate . 
 there was nothing to do but wait . 
 and wait . 
 as i scanned the walls i noticed a clock above the door that nearly touched the ceiling . 
 once i 'd become aware of the ticking noise , i could n't get it out of my head . 
 i took a deep breath and tried to settle myself down . 
 the clock ticked . 
 my breaths became more shallow . 
 i caught myself clenching my jaw . 
 my tongue went between my teeth . 
 i bit down . 
 my hands were shaking and i could n't steady them . 
 i tried to tell myself that it would be okay . 
 this would all be over soon , i 'd get my answers and be on my way . 
 footsteps came down the hall . 
 i closed my eyes and tried to slow down my breathing , but my throat felt like it was closing off . 
 the world began to spin like a top . 
 the door opened . 
 i jumped even though i 'd been expecting it . 
 a man in a cheap-looking charcoal suit came in and closed the door . 
 he had wavy , black hair that was going gray at the temples and brown eyes . 
 i could n't read his expression and a jolt of panic surged through me . 
 `` lorrie burnham ? '' 
 he asked . 
 his voice was raspy , like he smoked cigarettes by the pack every day . 
 i nodded , and he sat down . 
 `` lorrie , i 'm michael rizzo with the prison bureau . 
 i understand you are the stepdaughter of marco peralta . 
 is that correct ? '' 
 a shiver ran up my spine when i heard marco 's full name coming from someone else . 
 `` yes , '' i answered shakily . 
 he nodded and clasped his hands together in what seemed to me to be a nervous gesture . 
 my chest tightened until i was afraid i would need to lie down . 
 `` your stepfather was found hanging in his cell earlier this morning . '' 
 the room spun around me and my stomach felt like it was in freefall . 
 `` marco ? '' 
 `` marco peralta , yes . 
 i 'm sorry for your loss . '' 
 his words came from far away . 
 `` but how ? '' 
 i asked , trembling . 
 his hand came up to his mouth for a moment as if covering his expression . 
 `` for what it 's worth , when they found him , he had a smile on his face . '' 
 i stood up , my legs unsteady . 
 the news finally hit me , a dull throbbing pain starting in my gut . 
 panic seared through my chest and tears stung my vision . 
 there would be no answers . 
 i would n't be able to confront marco and find out the reason everything had happened . 
 there was nothing . 
 my heart hammered in my chest and i could n't breathe . 
 sweat beaded on my back and i felt droplets slide down my spine , sending shivers through me . 
 michael shot up to his feet and made his way to the door . 
 `` you can stay here , '' he said quickly . 
 `` i understand this has come as quite a shock . '' 
 `` no , '' i said , barely able to muster a whisper . 
 `` please let me go . '' 
 the room was too small and i could n't stand another moment trapped in here . 
 `` you 're sure ? '' 
 i came to the door and stared at it , barely aware of his presence in the room . 
 at some point , the door opened and i was led back out to the visitors area . 
 i shuffled along in a daze , hoping that i could make it out of the prison before i broke down . 
 he was gone . 
 when he had taken his life in that cell , he had locked the explanation for why he killed my mother away forever . 
 i was buried under the rock he 'd left , and i would never be free . 
 chapter twenty-eight storm i walked out into the parking lot , a hollow pain throbbing in my chest . 
 rain had begun to fall from the sky while i was inside and the day had somehow gotten even darker . 
 water quickly soaked through my clothes as i trudged to my car , but i barely felt it . 
 i was lost . 
 marco was gone . 
 i was never going to know what had happened to my mom . 
 he had trapped me in a world that made no sense . 
 just like he did to my dad . 
 hunter had been right . 
 marco had wanted to torture me one last time . 
 in fact , he 'd been willing to take his own life to do it . 
 my heart felt like it was being sliced open bit by agonizing bit . 
 tears welled warm at my eyes and mixed in with the rain pelting my face from the sky . 
 the parking lot seemed to go on forever . 
 my shoes sloshed through puddle after puddle . 
 i was wading through quicksand , unable to make any progress . 
 my hair stuck to my head like a threadbare blanket soaked through . 
 why did i even come ? 
 i was stupid . 
 so stupid . 
 how could i really think something good was going to come from this ? 
 i 'd thought this would be the last piece to get away from my tragedy and focus on helping hunter with his condition , but now i had only made things worse and felt more lost than ever . 
 hunter still could n't walk and i was spiraling downward again . 
 i felt beaten and exhausted . 
 our happy ending had been doomed from the start . 
 i used the back of my hand to brush my hair out of my face , but it fell back down after a few steps . 
 sighing , i trudged along , keeping my head down so i could see . 
 a black cat scurried from the sidewalk where i walked . 
 what was it doing out in the rain ? 
 i watched numbly as it scampered for cover under a parked ford explorer , also in black . 
 with my next step , my foot caught a crack in the sidewalk . 
 i tumbled over , unable to catch myself before i came crashing down onto my hands and knees . 
 the impact hurt worse than i expected it to . 
 i stayed there in shock for several seconds before rolling into a seated position . 
 my hands were scraped up , and my knees were going to be bruised . 
 i sat and let the rain fall on me , gathering up the strength to stand . 
 a voice came dimly over the smack of the rain on the pavement . 
 `` lorrie ! '' 
 barely lifting my head up , i wiped the water from my face and squinted . 
 a wheelchair-bound figure approached through the rain . 
 hunter . 
 i looked away , my lips trembling . 
 why had he come ? 
 i was ashamed for him to see me like this . 
 hunter had warned me not to do this and i ignored him . 
 he was the person who was dealing with a real burden and yet here he was , coming to save me after i 'd hurt myself like a child . 
 hunter practically skidded to a stop , he had been wheeling himself so fast . 
 he was soaked . 
 his black t-shirt already clung tight to the skin of his torso , making his abs visible through the fabric as he breathed in and out . 
 `` lorrie , '' he gasped , breathing hard . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 i sat there , mute , and a sob swelled up in my chest . 
 everything came crashing down on me as i tried to put into words what had happened . 
 my body convulsed as the sob broke free . 
 `` do you want to go back to the car ? 
 your uncle drove . 
 he 's waiting in the parking lot . 
 come on , we got ta get out of the rain . '' 
 hunter was almost shouting so that i could hear him over the roaring of the rain , but his words barely registered . 
 i continued to cry . 
 every time i got my breath , i tried to tell him what had happened , but the words caught in my throat and were swallowed by another sob before i got the chance . 
 drops of rain splashed against my face as i tried to speak . 
 hunter bent down and took my hand carefully in his , seemingly waiting for me to calm down . 
 it took a few minutes . 
 we were both soaked , but he did n't even seem to notice the rain . 
 finally i was able to choke something out . 
 `` killed himself , '' i said , before another sob took hold of me . 
 `` marco ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 he put his other hand over mine , his face grim . 
 we stayed there for a few moments in silence . 
 it felt like an eternity and yet like no time at all . 
 the world around us passed by in a blur . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' he said . 
 i bit my lip , trying to steady myself and finally having a little success . 
 `` no , i 'm sorry , '' i sobbed . 
 `` what ? 
 what do you mean ? '' 
 the rain pounded down against my hair , matting it to my head . 
 i wiped a thick strand away from my face and tried to tell him what i meant , but a fresh sob swelled in my throat and choked the words away . 
 `` lorrie , come on . 
 stand up . 
 let 's get out of the rain and dry off . 
 i 'm here to support you . '' 
 hunter pulled my arm up , trying to get me to stand but i could n't get up . 
 the world felt less than real . 
 he finally managed to get me to lean on his legs , and i rested on them . 
 `` it 's never going to be over , '' i finally choked out . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` we 'll get through it . 
 come on , let 's get out of the rain . '' 
 but i could n't move . 
 the full weight of everything that marco had done was falling in place and i was buried under . 
 `` he did it on purpose , '' i murmured . 
 `` why ? 
 he knew i 'd come and he knew this would hurt me the worst way he could . '' 
 hunter squeezed my hand tighter . 
 `` i do n't know lorrie . 
 i wish i did . '' 
 `` now he 's won . 
 he killed my mom , that killed my dad , and now ... '' i trailed off . 
 tears streamed endlessly down my face and sobs shuddered through me . 
 when i 'd sucked in a few breaths , i tried again . 
 `` it 's not like this was some accident . 
 he had it out for my family . 
 for me . 
 why ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , but we got ta move on . 
 we ca n't stay here . '' 
 did n't he understand ? 
 i 'd already tried to move on and ignore it . 
 that had n't worked . 
 now i 'd tried to confront it head-on , and that had n't worked either . 
 what was left ? 
 nothing . 
 i was stuck with being haunted and there was no way out . 
 the rain picked up , coming down in sheets against the pavement and on the cars nearby . 
 it made a deafening amount of noise . 
 `` lorrie , are you hearing me ? 
 stand up and let 's go . 
 we 've got the rest of our lives to live . '' 
 i began to cry more , the tears forming salty rivers down my face . 
 his words were making it to my ears but i could n't absorb them . 
 i buried my face in hunter 's lap . 
 he treated me far better than i deserved , even when he was going through so much . 
 his jeans were soaked and only made my face more wet . 
 i bawled into his legs , wishing everything would go away . 
 he let me cry and did n't say anything for a while . 
 after i 'd cried myself out , i wiped away my tears until there was only rain water left on my face . 
 i was numb and empty . 
 there was nothing left inside me . 
 then his voice got low and took on an edge i 'd never heard in it before . 
 `` i 'm sorry you did n't get the answers you wanted today , '' he said . 
 `` sometimes , things happen to us that we never understand and we worry we 'll never get back to normal . 
 but there is no normal , lorrie . 
 all we can do is move past the pain and hope that we have someone to stand next to us . '' 
 he stared into the distance , and then shook his head . 
 `` i 'm never gon na understand why i have this disease and i 'm never gon na know what the future holds for me . 
 for a long time i was scared of that . 
 but i 'm not scared anymore . 
 you know why ? '' 
 i sniffled , but did n't say anything . 
 `` because of you . '' 
 i turned away , trembling . 
 why did he think it was because of me ? 
 i could barely keep myself together . 
 `` look at me lorrie , '' he said , putting his hand on my cheek . 
 his gray eyes glimmered . 
 `` yes . 
 it 's because i love you . 
 i love you so much that it hurts . 
 we 're going to be together for ... for as long as we can . 
 i wo n't say forever , because none of us have forever . 
 but i want to be with you right now . 
 and right now . 
 and right now . '' 
 he brushed some of my hair that had fallen over my face behind my ear . 
 `` the only thing i want is to live in every moment i have with you standing by my side . 
 wherever you go , i wan na be there with you . '' 
 i half-heartedly tried to pull myself up by grabbing the arms of his wheelchair , but slipped back down and fell hard on my butt . 
 i shook my head . 
 marco had won . 
 i would never know why my mom had been killed . 
 i would keep being haunted . 
 nothing was going to change . 
 `` i do n't know - '' i mumbled , shaking . 
 `` i do n't know if i have anywhere to go from here . '' 
 his face locked into intense focus as he stared into my eyes , his own gray irises aflame . 
 he leaned his forehead against mine , his breaths coming in short bursts . 
 `` yes you do , '' he said , his voice rising with every word . 
 `` yes you do , because you have me , okay ? 
 you have me ! '' 
 with a growl , he leaned forward and put his hands under my armpits . 
 he pulled me up toward him until i was on my knees and my head was on his chest . 
 then he brought his hands down to the armrests of his wheelchair . 
 his legs flexed to stand up and i gasped , draping my hands reflexively around his back . 
 he grit his teeth , shaking with effort , and began to rise . 
 his face locked into an intense grimace as he slowly straightened his legs . 
 seeing him struggle shocked me into action . 
 i could n't let him lift both of us up . 
 even though my legs still felt weak and my knees hurt , i stood upright . 
 together , we came to our feet , his head eventually rising above mine . 
 i buried my face into his chest and his chin came to its familiar spot atop my head . 
 for a moment , we held each other . 
 then suddenly , his knees buckled . 
 my arms shot out to steady him . 
 i pulled him to me until we were leaning against each other . 
 he swayed slightly and i could tell by his breathing that he was struggling hard to stay up . 
 when he shifted more of his weight onto me , i stiffened my legs in response and leaned more into him . 
 he was heavy , but together we were able to keep him upright . 
 we held each other . 
 i sobbed into his wet jacket , my heart swelling with hope . 
 hunter was standing . 
 i frantically pulled his mouth to mine . 
 our lips crashed together , the heated wetness of our tongues burning away the cold around us . 
 this close to him , i could still smell his scent . 
 it reminded me of the sweatshirt i stole from him on the wet , cold morning that we had met so long ago . 
 when we broke away , hunter was still looking straight at me . 
 `` you have me , '' he said between heavy breaths . 
 `` as long as you have me , you 'll have somewhere to go . '' 
 hunter had been right . 
 we could save each other . 
 we already had . 
 `` and you have me , '' i said , showering his face with kisses . 
 `` i love you , hunter . 
 i love you . 
 i love you . 
 i love you . '' 
 when i was done , i rested my cheek against his face , as his warm hand rubbed my back . 
 we leaned on each other as the rain storm roared around us . 
 chapter twenty-nine closure i stood on dirt road running through the middle of the cemetery with flowers in my hand . 
 the sun was poking through the clouds after a brief summer rainstorm . 
 the ground smelled like freshly turned earth . 
 birds had come out to begin singing again after the brief interruption . 
 the world was full of life . 
 it took a while for me to find the spot , but in the end i remembered where it was . 
 i stood before it solemnly and bowed my head . 
 `` hi guys , '' i said quietly . 
 `` it 's been a while . '' 
 my eyes shot back and forth between the headstones of my parents . 
 they had bought these plots next to each other before they divorced , and with the sudden nature of their deaths that never got changed . 
 i thought it was fitting . 
 even though they could n't be next to each other in life , at least they lay beside each other in death . 
 i wished yet again they had never gotten divorced . 
 shuddering , i took a deep breath . 
 `` i 'm okay , '' i told them . 
 `` i want you guys to know that . 
 life has been really hard without you , but i 'm okay . '' 
 a hand rested on my shoulder . 
 i turned to hunter , who was standing by my side , even if he needed crutches . 
 it had been three months since his last ms attack , and he had exceeded all expectations in physical therapy . 
 the doctors were confident he would be walking without crutches again . 
 maybe even in the next few weeks . 
 i turned to him and he smiled , giving my shoulder a tight squeeze . 
 i smiled back at him before turning back to my parents ' graves . 
 `` for the longest time i was trying to recover . 
 trying to get back to normal . 
 but that 's never going to happen for me , really . 
 what happened to you guys is just part of my life now . 
 it took me a long time , but i realized i can still be happy . '' 
 tears began to fall from my face , but i was n't ashamed of them . 
 some things were worth crying about . 
 i paused to dab at my eyes with my sleeve . 
 `` i miss both of you guys so much . 
 if you were alive , i know we could find happiness in our own way . 
 even after the divorce . 
 we would have made it work . 
 i know it . '' 
 i pressed my lips together and wiped my eyes again . 
 `` but you 're not here . 
 so i 'm finally finding another way to be happy , like i know you would have wanted . 
 even when you got divorced , i never doubted you both loved me and wanted me to have the best . 
 and i found him . '' 
 i put my hand over the hand hunter had on my shoulder and smiled at him . 
 `` i know both of you would like him , '' i said . 
 when i thought of my father 's expression if he were to ever meet hunter , a laugh bubbled up in my chest . 
 he had always been so hyper-focused and business-like . 
 i knew he would come around on hunter , but his first impression probably would n't have been the best . 
 `` even you , daddy . '' 
 i chanced a glance over at hunter . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` i 'll take care of her , '' he said solemnly . 
 he readjusted his crutches and put an arm around me . 
 leaning into him , i turned back to the headstones . 
 `` i love you both . 
 i hope wherever you are , you 're at peace . '' 
 i put my head down for a moment of silence . 
 hunter followed suit , and we stood there together , paying our respects to my parents . 
 so much had happened since my father took his life . 
 since i 'd met hunter . 
 since i 'd left arrowhart . 
 my life had turned on its head more times than i could count , but i 'd pulled through . 
 it was mostly because i 'd had hunter by my side . 
 after a moment of silence , i kissed him on the cheek . 
 `` thanks for coming here with me . 
 let 's get back to the car . '' 
 we walked , or swung on crutches , or whatever , back to the car . 
 side by side . 
 epilogue hunter 's head popped up from under the water . 
 he was just a small dot out on the blue waves of the pacific ocean . 
 his long muscular arms started to beat against the water as he swam back towards the shore . 
 hunter had started walking without his crutches over a year earlier . 
 even though he was done with pt , he still worked on his legs regularly at the gym , and they were already almost back to normal strength . 
 we were both incredibly grateful that his disability had only been temporary . 
 his legs had healed remarkably quickly , the doctors said that it was a combination of his overall health and positive outlook . 
 i leaned back my towel , the heat of the hot sand seeping through it , and let the sounds of the beach wash over me . 
 seagulls screeching in the distance . 
 children chasing each other around sand castles . 
 the soft lapping of the waves against the shore . 
 when i looked back at the shore again , hunter was already out of the water and walking up the beach in his red trunks . 
 his ripped body glistened with droplets of water , from his huge shoulders to his chiseled chest . 
 it made his sexy tattoos stand out even more . 
 even though i could n't help but notice other women staring at him , he only had eyes for me . 
 he gave me a little wink and i grinned back . 
 i had my art history book closed next to me . 
 when we were getting ready to come down to the beach , i had made plans to study , but i had n't even cracked it open since we 'd gotten here . 
 it would be okay , i only had half a semester left before graduation anyway . 
 i was closing out the end of my final semester at the ucla arts and design program . 
 i had to take a lot of extra classes since i had n't taken many art classes at arrowhart , but some of my credits transferred so i did n't need to stay for the full four years . 
 a shadow blocked out the sun and i looked up to see hunter 's grinning face , his wet hair draped across his face . 
 `` hey snorrie , do n't tell me you 're going to just keep sitting in the sand . 
 you have n't swam at all today ! '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 i asked , feeling playful . 
 `` are you going to make it worth my while if we get in the water ? '' 
 hunter raised an eyebrow and lowered himself over me , leaving a soft , tender kiss on my lips . 
 i could smell his scent even underneath the salty water . 
 `` maybe , you 'll just have to come and find out , '' he breathed into my ear . 
 i giggled as his breath tickled the side of my face . 
 `` okay , let 's go , '' i agreed . 
 i got up , taking his hand as i rose . 
 we walked slowly down the beach towards the water . 
 i smiled at the attention we were getting . 
 even though hunter was n't fighting anymore , he still stayed in very good shape . 
 on top of that , he was a lot more tan . 
 i guess i was too . 
 hunter was coaching at a popular mma gym downtown . 
 he had been able to use his experience working for clint to get the job . 
 sometimes i went to see him , and he always had a smile for me when i came in . 
 the progression of hunter ' ms had been managed pretty well too . 
 he was really taking good care of himself , watching his diet and stress levels , and being prompt with his treatment regimen . 
 hunter slapped me playfully on the butt . 
 i tiptoed up and gave him a kiss on the cheek . 
 `` aw , thanks . 
 what was that for ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 just because . '' 
 he kissed me on the cheek in return and i grinned so hard my face hurt . 
 looking up at the sun beaming down on us , i hoped that daniela was having as good of a time as i was . 
 she had gone off to join the peace corps with kyle . 
 now they were both serving their two years in peru before kyle went off to med school and she went to get her ph.d. in psychology . 
 i did n't talk to aunt caroline nearly as much as i used to , but i still checked in from time to time . 
 bones and frida were fully grown now and getting into all sorts of mischief . 
 my cousins had been really happy that they were able to keep two of the cats . 
 as for the rest of the litter , we gave iceman to gary -- who had since apologized to me for some of things he 'd said at hunter 's last fight . 
 it was harder to be forgiving towards ada , but even i realized that she did care about hunter , in her own way . 
 she did seem to be a lot friendlier to me after we gave georgia to her . 
 maybe cute kittens were the solution to many of life 's problems . 
 and then there was taylor and rampage . 
 they were at home in the small one bedroom apartment i shared with hunter . 
 hopefully they were only scratching at their new cat castle , and not the furniture . 
 the four of us made our own weird little family . 
 cool water lapped at my toes , and i realized that we had reached the shore . 
 `` tag , you 're it , '' hunter said , tapping me on the shoulder and sticking his tongue out at me . 
 then he ran into the water all the while doing his best impression of a maniacal evil genius laugh . 
 i laughed and chased after him . 
 when the water was too deep to keep running , i started swimming after him , taking long slow strokes . 
 the temperature of the water was just perfect and it felt refreshing against my skin . 
 when hunter finally slowed down , i was able to reach him . 
 we both tread water about fifty feet away from the shore . 
 i stared into his gray eyes and gave him my best bedroom stare . 
 he gave me a goofy grin , and i brought my face closer to his . 
 leaning in , i left him a sensual wet kiss on the lips . 
 `` now you 're it , '' i whispered into his ear . 
 then i ducked my head under and dove deeper into the water , letting air slowly out my nose . 
 when i could n't hold my breath any longer , i took a few strokes back up towards the light and broke through the surface . 
