 prologue ' i do n't even know why i bothered picking up . 
 yeah , maybe i 'll talk to you about it eventually , after you stop acting like such an ass . ' 
 i stood at the top of the stairs with a heavy box of textbooks balanced in my arms . 
 sara released a frustrated groan , so i assumed she 'd hung up . 
 i made some noise as i neared the door so she 'd know i was coming and could hold her temperament in check . 
 she 'd told me about her decision to end things with jared , and i 'd listened . 
 but i was basically incapable of offering any guidance . 
 sara did n't confide in me too much lately , afraid something would upset me . 
 it was n't that i was that fragile . 
 i just refused to talk about ... anything . 
 ` is that it ? ' 
 sara asked , her smile brighter than usual , overcompensating for the annoyance that still lingered in her eyes . 
 ` you can tell me , you know , ' i offered , trying to be the friend that she needed right now . 
 ` no , i ca n't , ' she said , redirecting her attention to the boxes stacked all over the room . ' 
 i do n't have much space to work with . 
 this room is tiny . ' 
 i let her avoid the topic , since that was what she preferred . ' 
 i do n't need anything . 
 really . 
 no need to bother . ' ' 
 i thought you 'd say that , ' sara replied with a small smile . 
 ` that 's why i only brought one thing to decorate your room . ' 
 she reached for a purse so big it could honestly be called a duffle bag , and pulled out a frame . 
 flipping it around , she held it up under her chin with a beaming smile . 
 it was a picture of us at her house , in front of the large bay window overlooking the front yard in the background . 
 anna , her mother , had taken it during the summer i 'd lived with them . 
 from the gleam in our eyes it was apparent we were on the verge of laughing . 
 ` omigod , ' sara said with a shocked seriousness . 
 i tightened my eyes in confusion . 
 ` is that a smile i see on your face , emma thomas ? 
 i was wondering if i 'd ever see one again . ' 
 i ignored her , straightening my lips , and turned towards the built-in desk in the corner of the small bedroom . 
 ` perfect . ' 
 sara set the photo on the dresser , admiring it . 
 i pulled out the textbooks and tucked them on the shelf under the desk . 
 ` okay , let 's unpack you . 
 i 'm so happy you 're out of the dorms now . 
 and i 've always loved meg ... and serena , even though she wo n't let me do a makeover . 
 i 'll work on it . 
 but what 's up with peyton ? ' 
 ` she 's harmless , ' i said , breaking down an empty cardboard box . ' 
 i guess every house needs drama , ' sara noted , laying a stack of folded shirts in an open drawer . 
 ` and as long as peyton 's the only drama in this house , i can live with that . ' 
 ` that 's what i was thinking , ' i replied , hanging clothes in the minuscule closet . 
 sara plopped a black boot box on the bed . 
 ` should we keep the boots in the box or set them in the closet ? ' 
 she began to slide the cover off , but my hand slammed it shut . 
 she jumped and looked up at me in alarm . 
 ` they 're not boots . ' 
 i could hear the edge in my voice . 
 sara 's mouth opened in surprise as she took in my intense expression . 
 ` o-kay . 
 where do you want it ? ' ' 
 i do n't care . 
 i 'd actually rather not know , ' i answered . 
 ` i 'm getting something to drink . 
 do you want anything ? ' 
 ` water , ' sara requested , her voice quiet . 
 when i returned with the two bottles of water a few minutes later , sara was making the bed , and the box was gone . 
 setting my shoes on the bottom of the closet floor was the final touch . 
 there was a benefit to not owning much . 
 i sat on the rolling chair at the desk while sara lay on her stomach on the bed , scattering the display of decorative pillows she 'd just masterfully assembled . 
 i knew i 'd stuff them on the top shelf of my closet after she left . 
 ` you know i ended it because i ca n't do the distance thing , right ? ' 
 sara asked . 
 i spun the chair around , surprised she 'd decided to open up . ' 
 i know it 's hard for you . 
 it always has been , ' i replied . 
 she 'd had the same challenge in high school when we were in connecticut and jared was attending cornell in new york . 
 but she made it work by visiting him practically every weekend for the last part of our senior year . 
 ` i 'll be in france ; there 's no way i could do that to us , ' she continued . 
 ` it does n't seem fair to make him wait . ' 
 ` but would you want him seeing anyone else while you 're gone ? 
 because that 's basically what you 're giving him permission to do . 
 and then what happens when you get back ? ' 
 sara was quiet , resting her chin on her hands with her eyes focused on the floor . ' 
 i just do n't want to know about it . 
 and if i meet someone in paris , he does n't need to know about that either . 
 because in the end , i know we 're supposed to be together . 
 but i 'm not sure either one of us is ready to admit that . ' 
 i still did n't understand her logic , but i was n't about to challenge her . 
 she sat up suddenly , not allowing me the chance to say anything in return . 
 ` so , do you think ... since i 'm going to be gone ... that i can let meg know a little about you ? 
 not everything , just enough so she 'll be here for you while i ca n't be . 
 i hate the thought of being so far away without someone - ' ` looking out for me , ' i finished . 
 ` yeah , ' she replied , smiling gently . ' 
 i do n't want you to be alone . 
 you have a tendency to shut yourself off for days at a time . 
 it 's not good . 
 i 'll still call you every day , of course . 
 but i hate not being close ... in case you ... ' sara looked down , unable to finish the sentence . 
 ` sara , i 'm not going to do anything , ' i promised feebly . 
 ` you do n't have to worry about me . ' 
 ` yeah . 
 it does n't mean i wo n't . ' 
 1 pandora 's box ` bonne annee ! ' 
 sara shouted through the phone . 
 music and voices exploded around her , making it difficult to hear her clearly . 
 it could also have been that she was calling from paris , and the reception was n't the best . 
 ` happy new year to you too , ' i replied loudly . 
 ` although it 's still last year here for another nine hours . ' 
 ` well , i 'm telling you next year is looking pretty frickin ' fabulous from where i 'm standing ! 
 this party is insane . 
 designer drunks , ' she giggled , her own sobriety in question . 
 ` and i designed my own dress just for tonight . ' 
 ` i 'm sure it 's impressive . 
 i wish i could see it . ' 
 i wondered if we really needed to keep yelling to be heard , but she did n't retreat to anywhere quieter . 
 i sucked it up because i wanted to hear her voice , even in her current giggly mood . 
 i had n't heard it enough since she 'd started the exchange programme in france in the fall . 
 she 'd spent last summer and every break during our freshman year in california with me . 
 knowing i was going to see her every few months almost made life bearable . 
 so far , my sophomore year sucked . 
 if it were n't for my room-mates , i would n't do anything outside of soccer and school . 
 ` you 're not going to lock yourself in your room like you did last new year 's eve , are you ? ' 
 ` the door wo n't be locked , but i am staying in my room , ' i confirmed . 
 ` where 's jean-luc ? ' 
 ` getting us a bottle of champagne . 
 i 'm sending you a picture of my dress as soon as we hang up . ' 
 ` hey , em - ' meg poked her head in my room , then noticed i was on the phone . 
 ` sorry . 
 is that sara ? ' 
 i nodded . 
 ` hi , sara ! ' 
 meg screamed . 
 ` hi , meg ! ' 
 sara screamed in return . 
 ` umm , i think she heard you , ' i told sara , wiggling a finger in my ringing ear , ` but now i ca n't . ' 
 meg smiled . 
 ` well , i have to go , ' sara yelled above a roar of laughter . 
 ` my man and champagne have arrived . 
 i 'll call you tomorrow . 
 love you , em ! ' 
 ` bye , sara , ' i replied . 
 god , i missed her . 
 i was n't sure if she realized how much . 
 it was n't like i told her . 
 but i did . 
 i missed her ... a lot . 
 ` it sounds like she 's having an incredible new year , ' meg remarked , sitting down on my bed . ' 
 i could hear the party all the way across the room . ' 
 ` what time are you leaving ? ' 
 i asked , knowing she was meeting up with some friends in san francisco to celebrate . 
 ` in an hour . 
 we 're all supposed to go out for dinner before the party . ' 
 my phone chimed , and an image of sara filled my screen . 
 she looked stunning , of course , in a shimmery dark green sleeveless dress that had a twenties flapper-girl flair , her shoulders dramatically exposed before it swept up into a high collar . 
 her wavy red hair was twisted back at the nape of her neck . 
 she was puckering her shiny red lips , her eyes smouldering as jean-luc kissed her on the cheek while clutching a bottle of champagne . 
 i shared the picture with meg . 
 ` sexy . 
 did she design that dress ? ' 
 ` yup , ' i replied . 
 ` that 's incredible . ' 
 ` agreed . ' 
 i placed the phone on my desk next to my laptop as meg asked , ` do you mind if i borrow your black boots ? ' 
 ` go for it . ' 
 i turned back towards my screen to continue downloading the required reading for the next quarter . 
 ` they 're in the box under my bed . ' 
 ` you can still change your mind and come with me , ' meg offered . 
 i could hear the box sliding along the carpet . 
 ` thanks , but i 'm all set , ' i told her . 
 ` i 'm not really a new year 's fan . ' 
 i tried to keep my tone flat , not allowing the reasons why to reflect in my voice . 
 the last time i 'd celebrated , the year had held promises of happiness and a future i wanted to be a part of . 
 now , it was just another page torn from the calendar . 
 'em , i 'm begging you one more time . 
 please , please , please go with me tonight , ' peyton grovelled from my doorframe . ' 
 i really do n't want to go with brook . 
 you never go out with me and it 's new year 's . 
 make an exception this one time ! ' 
 i spun around in my chair to decline for the thousandth time . 
 before i could utter a word , her eyes lit up , with her attention direction towards meg . 
 ` ooh , what 's that ? ' 
 i followed her inquisitive expression as she walked into the room . 
 meg had just removed the cover to the box that was set on my bed . 
 the wrong box . 
 a vapour of memories and unfathomable heartache was released into the room as the box opened . 
 i could n't breathe . 
 meg ripped the white t-shirt with the blue handprints out of peyton 's hands as she held it up . 
 ` stop it , peyton ! ' 
 meg scolded . 
 i remained paralysed as she flaunted my past in front of me . 
 still not doing a very good job fading . 
 his voice flitted through my head , sending a chill down my back . ' 
 i love this , ' peyton admired , shaking out my pink sweater . 
 ` can i have it ? ' 
 ` no ! 
 knock it off , peyton ! ' 
 meg snatched the sweater and placed it back into the box . 
 ` sorry , em . ' 
 a rush of painful emotion coursed through me , forcing me to feel more than i had in the past year and a half . 
 i could n't utter a sound . 
 it was as if i were being flayed , every nerve exposed . 
 before meg could slide the cover back over my past , peyton removed a jewellery box . 
 you ca n't have it . 
 please , i 'll pay you . 
 but you ca n't take that from me . 
 desperation echoed through me , and the memory of cold hard eyes triggered a flash of panic , releasing me from my silent torture . 
 i sprang from the seat and grabbed the blue box from peyton 's hand . 
 my sudden movement forced her to take a step back . 
 i threw it in the box and slammed the cover back on . 
 my heart was beating so fast my hands were shaking . 
 i gripped the edge of the cover , waiting for the pain to subside . 
 but it was too late . 
 the simple act of opening that box had unleashed the wrath of guilt and despair i 'd hidden within my darkest depths , and now it was n't going to be confined by a lid . 
 ` sorry , em , ' peyton whispered . 
 i did n't turn around . 
 i slid the box under my bed and took a deep breath . 
 my heart singed around the edges like a burning piece of paper , the flames slowly creeping towards the centre . 
 i closed my eyes and tried to extinguish it , but could n't . 
 ` i 'm going for a run , ' i murmured , barely audible . 
 ` okay , ' meg responded cautiously . 
 afraid of what she might see in my eyes , i did n't dare look at her as she ushered peyton out of the room . 
 ` i 'll see you when you get back . ' 
 i threw on running gear and was out the front door within minutes . 
 with my ipod blaring music in my ears , i began to run . 
 picking up the pace until my thighs burned , i cut down side streets until i reached the park . 
 i stumbled to a stop , unable to fight back the onslaught of emotion . 
 i clenched my trembling hands into tight fists and released a guttural cry , until i feared i 'd collapse . 
 without looking around to see whose attention i 'd drawn , i took off into a sprint again . 
 by the time i returned home , my face was dripping with a mixture of tears and sweat . 
 the exhaustion from the run had helped ease most of the fire , but i could n't extinguish it all , as much as i tried . 
 my insides still burned . 
 i considered what i could do to push the torment back into the dark and return to my numb state . 
 i could n't do it on my own . 
 i needed help . 
 i was desperate . 
 ` peyton ! ' 
 i called out from the bottom of the stairs . 
 she turned down the music in her room and poked her head out . 
 ` hey , em . 
 what 's up ? ' 
 ` i 'll go with you . ' 
 i heaved , still trying to catch my breath . 
 ` what ? ' 
 she asked , unsure that she 'd heard me correctly . 
 ` i 'll go to the party with you , ' i repeated more clearly , my breath beginning to even out . 
 ` yes ! ' 
 she exclaimed . ' 
 i have the perfect tank top for you to wear too ! ' 
 ` great , ' i grumbled , heading towards the kitchen to get a drink of water . 
 ` you have no idea how happy i am that you changed your mind , ' peyton chirped when we stepped out of her red mustang at the end of the car-lined street . 
 even from here , the music carried down the block . 
 ` no problem , ' i replied absently . 
 i needed to be distracted from the voices that were suddenly whipping around in my thoughts . 
 i needed to find my way back to being numb . 
 ` you can not wear that sweatshirt , ' peyton scolded before i could shut the car door . 
 ` but it 's cold out , ' i argued . 
 ` not where we 're going . 
 it 's only a short walk to the house . 
 come on , em . 
 suck it up . ' 
 i reluctantly removed the sweatshirt to reveal the glittery silver tank top beneath and shivered as i tossed it into the car . 
 ` much better , ' peyton admired with a vibrant smile , joining me on the sidewalk and sliding her arm through mine . 
 ` let 's go party ! ' 
 peyton strode alongside me in her strapless red dress , her golden blonde hair lying in a glossy sheet down her back . 
 her greenish-blue eyes were lit with excitement as she escorted me towards the music that grew louder with each passing house . 
 i was surprised the police had n't shown up yet . 
 but when i looked around , i realized it was surrounded by college housing . 
 most of the residents were probably away for winter break or at the party . 
 we approached the side of a beige house with a large white tent in the back yard . 
 a couple of guys were handing out tiaras and top hats as we passed through the entrance . 
 peyton slid a tiara on her head and i took a top hat . 
 a guy ladled red liquid out of a trash can and set the cup on a table in front of us . 
 peyton 's eyes widened when i took the cup . 
 ` you know that has alcohol in it , right ? ' 
 ` yes , i do , ' i replied casually , taking a sip . 
 it was ... sweet . 
 it reminded me of an overly sugared fruit punch . 
 this was n't going to be as difficult as i thought . 
 why had my mother opted for the dreadful taste of straight vodka when this was an option ? 
 ` but you do n't drink , ' peyton countered in obvious shock . 
 ` new year , trying new things , ' i explained dismissively , holding up my cup . 
 she grinned and tapped it . 
 ` to trying new things ! ' 
 as peyton took a sip , i opted to drain the contents of my cup , needing the effects to kick in sooner rather than later . 
 after all , it was the reason i was here . 
 'em ! ' 
 peyton scolded . ' 
 i know it does n't taste like it , but there 's a lot of alcohol in there . 
 you may want to pace yourself . ' 
 i shrugged and grabbed another before we entered the tent crammed with bodies . 
 we made our way to the stage where a band was performing , drowning out any possibility of a conversation - which was fine by me . 
 ` hey ! ' 
 peyton hollered , recognizing a tall guy with wavy brown hair dressed in typical college plaid . 
 ` i 've been waiting for you , ' plaid guy replied . ' 
 i told you i was coming , ' she returned playfully . 
 she turned towards me and said , ` tom , this is emma , the room-mate you have n't met yet . ' 
 ` wow , ' tom said . ' 
 i ca n't believe you 're actually here . ' 
 i feigned a smile , wondering what peyton had told him about me . 
 i could only guess . 
 ` and this is cole , ' tom said , directing my attention to a blond guy with broad shoulders standing next to him . 
 ` hi , ' cole responded with a nod and slight smile . 
 peyton elbowed me . 
 i ignored her and barely nodded in return , taking a sip out of my cup instead . 
 insistent , peyton grabbed tom 's arm and said , ' i need another drink . ' 
 tom eyed her full cup in confusion , but let peyton drag him away . 
 i glared at her as she smirked back at me . 
 ` having a good time ? ' 
 cole yelled over the screeching coming from the stage . 
 he did n't appear concerned about the forced pairing . 
 i cupped my ear to indicate i could n't hear him . 
 instead of repeating the question , he bent down and said , ' i was beginning to wonder if you were real . 
 i kept hearing about you , but i 've never actually seen you out . ' 
 i leaned back , not wanting to encourage him to get so close , and began scanning the crowd around us . 
 ` do n't say much , huh ? ' 
 i shook my head and took another large gulp of my drink to drown the inferno still burning beneath the surface . 
 why had i thought coming to this party was a good idea ? 
 you 're amazing . 
 what did i do ? 
 just you , everything about you - you 're amazing , my back straightened , the clarity of the voices invading my head . 
 images of the last new year 's party i 'd attended threatened to surface , and i swallowed them down with another sip . 
 ` are you going to say anything at all ? ' 
 cole asked , pulling me out of the painful remembrance of being wrapped in evan 's arms while watching fireworks explode overhead . 
 ` huh ? ' 
 i finally looked up at him . 
 ` what would you like me to say ? ' 
 i challenged . 
 ` well , that was a start , ' he taunted , not fazed by my rudeness . 
 ` you go to stanford ? ' 
 i nodded my head , then caught myself when he accusingly widened his eyes . 
 ` yes , ' i stressed . 
 ` and you ? ' 
 ` yeah , i 'm a junior , ' he answered . 
 ` sophomore , ' i responded , pointing to myself . 
 i pre-empted the next predictable question : ` pre-medical . ' 
 he appeared impressed . 
 ` business . ' 
 i nodded in return . 
 ` do you play soccer with peyton ? ' 
 i sighed , and took another gulp , not loving the mundane exchange . 
 ` yup . 
 are you on a team ? ' 
 ` no . 
 i played lacrosse in high school , but nothing here . ' 
 i did n't come to the party for small talk or to get to know someone new . 
 i needed to get away from this guy . 
 and i really did n't care what he thought of me . 
 i swallowed the last mouthful of the drink . ' 
 i need another , ' i announced . 
 ` i 'll see you around . ' 
 i turned and walked away before he could respond , dodging through the crowd in search of the drink table . 
 the band stopped to take a break , and a dj started , igniting a movement of dancing energy towards the small stage . 
 i was still feeling too much . 
 i 'd never drunk more than a couple of sips before , so i did n't know how long it would be before it took effect . 
 i also had no idea how it would feel when it finally did . 
 my mother turned to alcohol to numb her pain , and even though i swore that i 'd never drink , there was only so much a person could endure before breaking that promise . 
 and i did n't want to be in pain any more . 
 i squeezed through the crowd towards the far side of the tent , where a table was lined with filled cups . 
 ` need a drink ? ' 
 a voice asked close to my ear . 
 i turned to find a guy with a thin , muscular frame , a mop of black hair , and a dark line of facial hair down the centre of his chin . 
 from the tattoo behind his ear that crept down his neck and the few guys with similar attire of t-shirts and ripped jeans , i deduced that he was with the band . 
 ` are you talking to me ? ' 
 ` yeah , ' he replied with a cocky grin . 
 ` i 'm gev . 
 i noticed your empty cup and thought i could help you out . ' 
 ` well , you do n't have a cup at all , so maybe i should be helping you out . ' 
 he laughed , but i left him and kept walking towards the table . 
 when i turned back i had two cups in my hands . 
 he stopped short and smiled when i offered him one . ' 
 i like your name . 
 it 's different . ' 
 ` i 'm attached to it , ' he said with a quick raise of his brows , making me roll my eyes with a low laugh . 
 ` are you going up again ? ' 
 i asked , nodding towards the stage , deciding i might as well talk to someone , and he seemed interesting enough . 
 at least he was n't predictable . 
 ` nope . 
 we 're done for the night . 
 and now i have some catching up to do . ' 
 he downed the cup with several large gulps . 
 i looked on , amused , and handed him another , which he accepted with a flashy smile . 
 ` what 's your name ? ' 
 he asked , moving away from the crowd forming in front of the table . 
 'em ma . ' 
 ` how are you feeling ? ' 
 a minute ago i would have answered , on fire . 
 but now i realized the fire was gone . 
 in its place was a dull hum . 
 a swirling calm ran through me , casting a veil of numbness over my senses . 
 ` calm , ' i answered with a deep breath , relieved that the jacked-up kool-aid had finally kicked in . 
 he laughed at my answer . 
 ` i 've never heard that one before . ' 
 ` you 've never met me before . ' 
 ` true . 
 but i like that - i mean that you say what you 're thinking . 
 no bullshit . 
 that 's cool . ' 
 i shrugged . 
 ` well , here 's to no bullshit , ' gev raised his cup , and i tapped it with mine before we both took several large gulps . 
 ` do you go to - ' ` no bullshit , ' i cut him off . 
 ` okay , ' he said , considering my request . 
 ` what colour underwear do you have on ? ' 
 i was caught off guard by his forwardness . ' 
 i ca n't remember . ' 
 i pulled my jeans by the belt loop to take a look . 
 ` purple . ' 
 ` nice . ' 
 he nodded in approval . 
 ` and you ? ' 
 i asked , liking this ` no bullshit ' conversation . 
 it was more interesting than talking about majors and sports teams . 
 gev was more daring , unbuttoning his jeans to show the top of his boxer briefs . 
 ` black . ' ' 
 i can see that . ' 
 i pursed my lips to keep from smiling . 
 i tipped my cup back and finished it , embracing the haze that continued to creep in . 
 gev 's hand slid along my back as he leaned in to ask , ` who are you kissing at midnight ? ' 
 ` how much time do i have ? ' 
 i enquired , not that it made a difference . 
 he looked at his watch and answered , ` an hour . ' ' 
 i guess whomever i 'm closest to . ' 
 ` then i 'd better stay next to you , ' he replied with an arching brow . 
 'em ma ! ' 
 peyton exclaimed . 
 i turned towards her voice and squinted to focus as she neared me . 
 ` where 's cole ? ' ' 
 i do n't know , ' i replied when i finally recognized her beside me . 
 she looked from me to gev and scrunched her eyes in confusion . 
 ` come over here , ' she demanded , grabbing my arm and dragging me away from him . 
 i stumbled after her , not prepared for the sudden movement . 
 ` who is that ? ' 
 ` gev . 
 he 's with the band , ' i answered and waved back at him . 
 he raised his cup in return . 
 ` what happened to cole ? 
 he 's hot . ' 
 ` he 's boring , ' i huffed . 
 ` gev 's much more interesting . ' 
 ` how many drinks have you had ? ' 
 ` three . ' 
 i grinned proudly at my accomplishment . 
 ` and i 'm numb . ' 
 ` three ?! 
 em , we 've only been here an hour ! 
 you ca n't drink anything else , or you 'll be on the ground before midnight . 
 and i do n't think gev 's a good fit for you . ' 
 ` so ? ' 
 i was n't looking for a ` good fit ' . 
 i was just looking for someone interesting to talk to , or drink with . 
 but i did n't want to waste my words trying to explain that to her . 
 ` omigod . 
 you 're already drunk . ' 
 i considered her accusation and smiled widely . 
 i was numb from head to toe , except my lips felt tingly . 
 i did n't mind being drunk . 
 it was n't what i 'd expected , but it was n't bad . 
 ` okay , ' i answered , accepting her assessment as true . 
 ` i 'm going to find gev now . ' 
 i was done with the lecture . 
 she was n't being fun . 
 i turned , and the quick motion made everything blur past me . 
 i remained still for a moment to allow the world to settle back in place before searching for his dark hair among the faces . 
 ` fine . 
 i 'll find you at midnight , ' she called after me . 
 i felt a hand grab my arm , and i turned my heavy head to find his dark blue eyes . 
 ` still next to you , ' he declared , clasping my hand . 
 ` tell me something interesting , ' i requested , taking the cup he offered me . ' 
 i think you are the most interesting person i 've met in a long time , ' he responded . 
 he slipped his hand around my waist and leaned in to say , ` dance with me . ' 
 i was about to open my mouth to explain that i did n't dance , but the next thing i knew , we were squeezed in among the sweaty bodies and his hand was pressed against the small of my back , pulling me against him . 
 i flopped my arms around his neck to steady myself and let him do all the dancing . 
 he even danced for me , swaying my h * ps along with his . 
 time moved fast , and the next thing i knew , i was yelling along with everyone else as this year ticked away into the next . 
 ` happy new year ! ' 
 we all chimed in unison . 
 gev turned me around and made certain he was the one closest to me . 
 i allowed his wet lips to slide along mine , followed by the force of his tongue . 
 my head buzzed louder when i closed my eyes , propping myself against him . 
 he pulled me closer , making me stumble slightly . 
 gev gripped me tighter and continued to kiss me aggressively . 
 i did n't stop him . 
 i kept thinking about how strange it felt . 
 i could n't feel my lips , or maybe i could n't feel his lips . 
 either way , it did n't seem like we were really kissing , and i was more focused on this than the fact that i was kissing at all . 
 ` wan na get out of here ? ' 
 gev offered , his breath tickling my neck . ' 
 i live a few houses down , and we have a hot tub . ' 
 a hot tub sounded good . 
 besides , i wanted to sit down . 
 my legs were n't doing a good job holding me up . 
 ` sure , ' i replied , and he led me through the heat of the crowd and into the cool night . 
 it must have warmed up after we 'd arrived because i did n't need my sweatshirt any more . 
 he kept a hold of my hand and led me down the sidewalk . 
 i could 've sworn he said he lived a few houses down , but i felt like i saw a million sidewalk cracks before we were finally in his back yard . 
 but then i did n't remember seeing his front yard . 
 maybe his house really was close by . 
 either way , we were here and i could n't wait to sit down . 
 gev uncovered a hot tub tucked next to a fence . 
 as he turned on the jets , i studied it , trying to figure out how i was supposed to lift my leg over the side . 
 it seemed so ... tall . 
 gev stripped down to the black boxer briefs i 'd gotten a sneak peek of earlier . 
 i followed his lead , dropping my jeans and tank top on the ground . 
 i discovered i did n't have any shoes on , and i could n't remember where i 'd put them . ' 
 i love purple , ' he declared , pulling me towards him and nuzzling his face into my neck . 
 he was distracting me from solving the hot-tub dilemma . 
 i was about to push him away when i finally spotted the stairs . 
 i smiled proudly . 
 he led me to the hot tub , and i slipped in , breathing a sigh of relief now that i was finally off my feet . 
 i closed my eyes and leaned my head back . 
 everything started to spin . 
 i could feel gev 's hands on me and his mouth on my shoulder . 
 i opened my eyes and he was right there , eager for more kissing . 
 i tilted my head towards him and connected with his greedy lips . 
 i still could n't feel them , but i could n't feel anything any more , so i did n't care . 
 caught up in the kissing and the hot swirling water , everything suddenly ceased to exist . 
 my head mimicked the motion of the water , and the steamy air closed in around me . 
 gev was there again , pushing up against me . 
 i was too distracted to participate , trying to keep the world from spinning out from under me . 
 that 's when i felt the tightness in the back of my throat and knew i had to get out . 
 i pushed past him and staggered down the stairs , just in time to find the bushes and release the red contents of my stomach . 
 the world spun faster , knocking me to my knees before i heaved again . 
 ` are you okay ? ' 
 gev asked from behind me . 
 i shook my head , giving in one more time . 
 i took a deep breath of cold air and pushed myself up to stand , leaning against the fence to steady myself . ' 
 i need to lie down , ' i told him , not even knowing where he was . 
 he grabbed my hand , and i stumbled after him . 
 everything flashed by in a blur . 
 i concentrated on keeping my feet under me as i tried to keep up with him . 
 we were in a house ; then i saw a door . 
 the door opened , and a light revealed a bathroom . 
 ` i 'll get you shorts and a t-shirt to put on , ' he said and disappeared . 
 i gripped the edge of the sink and closed my eyes , trying to find centre . 
 the scales of calm had tipped to swirling chaos . 
 and i had an awful taste in my mouth . 
 i opened the cabinet above the sink and grabbed the toothpaste . 
 squeezing it along my finger , i scrubbed my tongue before rinsing my mouth with water . 
 folded clothes appeared in front of me . 
 i removed my wet bra and underwear and slid them on . 
 the warm , dry t-shirt smelled good as i slid it over my head . 
 then gev 's hand found mine again , and i trailed after him into a dark room . 
 gev stood before me in a pair of shorts . 
 i leaned against him for balance , my hands pressed against his bare skin . 
 he took this as an invitation and bent down to taste the toothpaste on my lips . 
 his hands gripped my hips , and he kissed me hard . 
 the numbness that i had so desperately wanted to possess me kept me from caring when his hands groped my back under the t-shirt . 
 i did n't care when he thrust his tongue into my mouth . 
 i did n't care when he ground his hardened body against me and groaned in my ear . 
 and i did n't care when he slipped the t-shirt over my head and let me fall back onto his bed . 
 2 no do-overs my head splintered into a thousand pieces as i slowly opened my eyes . 
 i placed my hand against it to keep it steady while i propped myself up on my elbow . 
 where was i ? 
 the slightest movement intensified the lightning storm inside my skull . 
 glancing around the musty room , i tried to remember what i 'd done and why i was here . 
 there was someone lying next to me . 
 i noted the dark hair on the unmoving form under the blue plaid comforter . 
 i tried harder to recall last night , but was only met with flashing images of the party - and a guy . 
 it must have been this guy . 
 i looked under the comforter . 
 i did n't have any clothes on . 
 my stomach churned as i sank back onto the flat pillow . 
 i looked over at the nightstand and saw a torn package . 
 i was about to be sick . 
 what had i done ?! 
 i lifted the blanket and examined his lean , nak * d body beneath it . 
 a winding tattoo along his back finished behind his ear . 
 who was this guy ? 
 i knew he 'd told me his name , and i searched through my broken memory to find it . 
 gev . 
 that was it . 
 all i wanted was to leave and never see him again . 
 but i did n't know where my clothes were . 
 flinching in agony , i crawled along the bed , trying not to disturb gev , who was breathing heavily with his mouth open . 
 it did n't look like anything would wake him . 
 i found a t-shirt and shorts on the floor and slipped them on . 
 moving gingerly , to keep a fit of axes from slicing through my head , i glanced around the small room . 
 the full-size bed took up most of it . 
 the walls were papered with rock posters , and clothes hung out of the half-open drawers of an abused bureau . 
 i opened the door leading to a small hallway , peeking out to listen . 
 a hum of voices carried from a television , but otherwise it was quiet . 
 passing the bathroom , i suddenly stopped - recognizing my purple bra and underwear hanging on the doorknob . 
 unable to remember removing them , i sighed and shoved them under my arm before continuing down the hall . 
 a sprawled figure lay on the couch with the remote in his hand and a bag of chips spilled on the floor next to him as the morning news programme aired on the television screen . 
 i crept past him , flinching as the screen door squeaked and i entered the frigid morning air . 
 the grass was coated with dew , chilling my bare feet as i stepped across the back lawn . 
 my clothes caught my eye , lying next to a hot tub . 
 i pulled my phone out of my jeans pocket before flinging them and the tank top over my arm . 
 hugging my body to quell a shiver , i listened to it ring as i walked towards the sidewalk . 
 sitting on the edge of the front lawn , as if waiting for me , were my shoes . 
 i blew out an exasperated breath as i hung them from my fingers and kept walking . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 peyton rasped , still half asleep . ' 
 i lost you . 
 where are you ? ' ' 
 i do n't know , ' i whispered , though my voice still sounded loud in the predawn quiet of the sleeping neighbourhood . 
 i began to notice clear plastic cups strewn along my path . ' 
 i think i 'm near the party . 
 where are you ? ' 
 ` on the couch , ' she muttered . 
 she groaned and continued with , ` let me find my shoes and i 'll meet you outside . ' 
 i spotted peyton 's red dress several houses down and continued to move slowly in her direction . 
 ` hey , ' i croaked when i finally reached her . 
 ` hey , ' she uttered in return . 
 she plopped a top hat on my head and slid her tiara in place before wrapping her arm around mine . 
 with her head on my shoulder , we trudged towards her mustang , which felt about a million miles away . 
 i carefully lowered myself onto the passenger seat , trying not to jostle the few brain cells i had left while peyton positioned herself on the driver 's side . 
 she slid on her oversized sunglasses and sighed in relief - even though it was barely light enough to see without headlights . 
 when we arrived home we crept silently up the stairs and closed our bedroom doors behind us . 
 i stripped out of the t-shirt and shorts , not wanting them touching my skin a second longer , and tossed them in the trash before slipping on a pair of boxers and a tank top . 
 i pulled the covers over my head and passed out . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 peyton beckoned softly . 
 i was jarred slightly when she sat down next to me . 
 ` are you alive ? ' 
 ` no , ' i grumbled from under my blankets . ' 
 i was hoping for death . ' 
 i pulled the blankets tighter around my head . 
 ` drinking sucks . ' 
 peyton chuckled . 
 ` the way you drank does . 
 it 's almost noon . 
 let 's get breakfast . 
 it will make you feel better . ' ' 
 i do n't believe you , ' i griped without moving . ' 
 i think a decapitation is the only thing that will make me feel better . ' 
 ` grease is a hangover miracle cure , ' she promised . 
 i peeked out from under the blankets . 
 peyton 's hair was a tangled mess , and her puffy eyes were smeared with mascara . 
 i could only imagine what i looked like . 
 glancing in the mirror above my dresser , i ran my fingers over the nest that was once my hair and wiped the black streaks under my bloodshot eyes . 
 my mouth was pasty with the lingering taste of something putrid . 
 ` let me take a shower first , ' i conceded . 
 peyton stood up and headed towards the door . ' 
 i need one too . 
 i 'll meet you downstairs when we 're done . ' 
 i grabbed random clothes from my drawers and faltered blindly towards the bathroom , unable to open my eyes beyond a squint . 
 i turned on the water until it was almost scalding and stood under the cleansing streams . 
 the night was slowly coming back to me as the water pelted my skin , turning it red . 
 you 're f ** king disgusting . 
 carol 's hateful voice rang through my head . 
 with my eyes clenched tight , i forced her away and scrubbed harder . 
 i tried to scour away the feel of his hands on my body and the taste of his tongue in my mouth . 
 when i turned off the water , i was still repulsed with myself . 
 after dressing in jeans and an oversized grey hoodie , i tucked my hair under a baseball hat and found peyton slumped on the couch . 
 she stood up , and just as we turned towards the door , meg walked in . 
 she looked tired , but not near death like we did . 
 her eyes flipped from peyton to me , and then back to peyton . 
 ` you got her drunk , ' meg accused . 
 ` she did that all on her own , ' peyton countered . 
 ` we 're getting breakfast . 
 wan na come ? ' 
 i lowered my head in avoidance . 
 i could still feel meg looking at me when she answered , ` sure . ' 
 ` good . ' 
 peyton held up her keys . 
 ` then you can drive . ' 
 a line awaited us when we pulled into the parking lot of the local breakfast spot . 
 the busy restaurant was occupied by a mosaic of pale faces , trying to piece together their new year . 
 thankfully , the line progressed quickly , and we slid into a booth fifteen minutes later . 
 meg studied me from across the booth and shook her head . ' 
 i ca n't believe you drank . 
 i mean , you never drink . 
 what happened ? ' 
 i shrugged and mumbled , ` pandora . ' 
 as meg 's eyes dipped in sympathy , i redirected my attention out the window . 
 ` what does music have to do with getting drunk ? ' 
 peyton questioned , not understanding my reference . 
 ` do you mean the musician you hooked up with last night ? 
 were you trying to be cryptic or something ? ' 
 ` wait . 
 you slept with someone ?! ' 
 meg 's voice rose , drawing the attention of a couple of guys walking by . 
 i sunk into the booth , pulling my hat over my eyes when i heard them chuckle . 
 ` meg ! ' 
 peyton said sternly . 
 ` why do n't you just announce it to the whole diner ? ' 
 ` sorry , ' meg grimaced . 
 ` but i - ' ' i do n't want to talk about it , ' i interrupted firmly . 
 they both opened their mouths , and then closed them again . 
 our food arrived , thankfully , allowing us something to do other than dwell on my drunken indiscretion . 
 ` where did you end up , peyton ? ' 
 meg interrogated . 
 ` on tom 's couch , ' she stated . 
 ` alone . 
 he disappeared around three , and i could n't find emma , so i fell asleep on his couch . ' 
 meg filled us in on her night as we ate our bacon and egg sandwiches - it was n't nearly as eventful . 
 and , as it turns out , grease really does have miraculous effects . 
 at least my body felt one step closer to rejoining the human race when we left the diner . 
 my phone rang as we reached the front steps . 
 i knew what was about to happen , and i was n't ready . 
 i took a deep breath and answered the phone anyway . 
 ` hi , sara . ' 
 ` happy new year ! ' 
 she bellowed . 
 i winced and pulled the phone away from my ear . 
 ` not so loud , ' i begged . 
 ` uh , okay , ' she replied in confusion . 
 ` wait . 
 did you go out last night ? ' 
 ` yeah , ' i answered softly . 
 ` but i 'm not talking about it . ' 
 sara was quiet for a moment . 
 ` does meg know ? ' 
 i sat down on the couch and rested the back of my head against the cushion . 
 ` yes . ' 
 ` can i ask her about it ? ' 
 she requested cautiously . 
 i paused and swallowed hard . 
 ` as long as you promise we 'll never have to talk about it . ' 
 i could hear her thinking on the other end of the phone . ' 
 i promise . ' 
 she hung up on me , and within thirty seconds meg 's phone rang . 
 she shot a glance at me from the other end of the couch . 
 ` sara wants to know what happened to me last night , and i told her i was n't talking about it . ' 
 ` but i can tell her , right ? ' 
 she confirmed . 
 ` not in front of me . ' 
 meg stood and began to climb the stairs as she answered her phone . 
 ` hi , sara . ' 
 ` i 'm coming with you , ' peyton called after her , taking two steps at a time . 
 she was obviously feeling better . 
 i chased two aspirin with a vitaminwater and remained on the couch , watching movies all afternoon . 
 i slunk away to my room in the early evening , leaving the girls with some horror movie that i really had no interest in . 
 sleep and i had taken way too long to finally find each other , and i did n't want to jeopardize that with a movie . 
 someone knocked lightly on my door . 
 ` come in , ' i answered . 
 meg poked her head in . 
 ` hey . ' 
 she sat at the end of my bed . 
 ` still feel like shit ? ' 
 ` tell me it goes away , ' i begged , my eyes closed . 
 ` you 'll be better tomorrow , ' she assured me . 
 ` peyton told me how much you had to drink , or what she saw you drink anyway . ' 
 i remained silent . 
 then she finally said it . ' 
 i know you do n't want to talk about it , and we wo n't . 
 i promise to never bring it up again . 
 but before you drown in shame , know that everyone makes mistakes . 
 and as far as i 'm concerned , ev - ' ` do n't , ' i shot out before she could finish his name . 
 ` sorry , ' she said , biting her lip . ' 
 i meant that it did n't count . 
 it was a mistake , and it does n't count . ' 
 i 'd never told meg about my life in weslyn . 
 i did n't explain why i almost never went out or why i refused to drink - or had , before last night . 
 but i let sara tell her when she came to visit after i 'd moved into the house this past summer . 
 she never mentioned what sara had told her , but it helped her understand why i kept everyone at a distance . 
 i trusted meg . 
 i 'd met her on the first day of soccer conditioning during our freshman year . 
 she 'd flown in from pennsylvania , so we were both transplants . 
 meg accepted my withdrawn demeanour , and instinctively felt the urge to look out for me . 
 this reminded me of sara , and we bonded instantly . 
 over the season , we found peyton gravitating towards us . 
 truth be told , peyton gravitated towards everyone . 
 she was in your face and refused to be ignored . 
 people either hated her or loved her , and she could n't care less either way . 
 i think her brazen attitude is what made me like having her around . 
 and then there was serena . 
 she was from california , as was peyton , and she was currently spending winter break with her family . 
 but when she was with us , she completed our mismatched quad perfectly . 
 serena was genuinely the kindest person i 'd ever met , but it was laced with a straightforward attitude that would tell a priest where to go if he crossed her . 
 i responded to her cutting-edge goth lifestyle with equal measures of intrigue and respect . 
 as much as i was grateful for peyton 's and serena 's patience with me and acceptance of who i was -lrb- although peyton did have moments of being a little too ... well , peyton -rrb- , it was meg who i trusted with the truth about a past that we 'd never actually talked about . 
 meg became my voice of reason , vying to keep me sane . 
 when i was tiptoeing along the edge , meg was there to make sure i did n't fall over . 
 so when she told me that my one-night stand could be erased , i wanted to accept her assurance and swallow it whole , letting it salve the guilt like an antacid . 
 but i knew there was no use in trying - everything had begun to crumble the moment she opened that box . 
 my shameful encounter was just one more destructive choice i 'd made that could n't be undone . 
 3 new year , new experiences classes for the next quarter began the following week , allowing me to continue into the new year consumed with books , lectures and studying . 
 everything seemed back to how it had always been . 
 but it really was n't the same , and i knew it . 
 meg and i drove to school together . 
 since we were both angling for acceptance into the school of medicine , we shared several classes , but while she was gearing towards the hospitals , i was seeking refuge in the labs . 
 peyton flitted through the house as usual , not knocking when she entered the bathroom or bedrooms . 
 she was n't bothered by what she could be potentially walking in on - except with serena , the only one of us with a boyfriend . 
 serena had little tolerance for peyton 's invasion of privacy - not to mention that peyton annoyed the hell out of her . 
 ` okay , listen . ' 
 peyton approached me while i was in the kitchen making a sandwich before heading to the soccer field with meg . ' 
 i know the party a few weeks ago was a bit of a disaster , but i think you should go out with me again . 
 i promise to keep a better eye on you and help you gauge your level of drunkenness . ' 
 i laughed at her absurd proposal . 
 ` peyton , the drinking was a one-time thing . 
 i 'm all set , thanks . ' 
 'em , ' she implored passionately , ` you had one bad night . 
 it does n't mean that you should give up your entire social life . 
 we 're in college . 
 this is the time when we discover who we are ... and flirt with our tolerance for alcohol . 
 i swear to you , there is a way to have a few drinks and not end up in some random guy 's bed . ' 
 i whipped around and threw a piece of bread at her . 
 ` shut the f ** k up , peyton . ' 
 she deflected the bread to the floor . 
 ` sorry . 
 really , that was stupid . 
 i 'm sorry , ' she grovelled . ' 
 i should n't have said that . ' 
 before she walked away , she begged , ` will you at least think about it ? ' 
 ` fine , ' i responded impatiently , just wanting her to stop . 
 ` i 'll think about it . ' 
 ` great ! 
 there 's a party this saturday , ' she chirped , and whipped around before i could object . 
 ` you 're going to that party at college green ? ' 
 meg questioned as she rounded the corner , a soccer ball tucked under her arm . 
 ` i 'm not - ' ` you 're going too , right ? ' 
 peyton interjected before i could finish . ' 
 i guess so . ' 
 meg shrugged , then looked to me . 
 ` do n't worry . 
 we 'll have fun . ' 
 i blew out a defeated breath . 
 ` okay , ' i caved . 
 peyton produced a triumphant smile , and proceeded to bang on serena 's door . 
 ` what ?! ' 
 serena hollered from the other side . 
 ` are you going to the party with us on saturday ? 
 emma 's coming too . ' 
 serena poked her head out and raised her eyebrows in my direction . 
 ` you are ? ' ' 
 i guess so . ' 
 ` okay . 
 i 'll go , ' she replied and slammed her door in peyton 's face . 
 ` please tell me that 's not what you 're wearing . ' 
 peyton scowled at my worn jeans and faded concert t-shirt over a long-sleeved shirt . 
 ` you want me to go ? ' 
 she huffed before returning to the bathroom to finish her make-up while i went downstairs . 
 when i reached the bottom step , serena walked through the front door with a paper bag in her arms , wearing form-fitting black pants , a black tank top under a cropped leather jacket , and black combat boots . 
 her short black pixie hair flipped out stylishly around her powder-white face . 
 dramatic liner framed her large brown eyes . 
 serena 's look was more than a style : it was a statement . 
 she returned from the kitchen with a beer in each hand and offered one to meg , who was leaning over the coffee table , painting her nails . 
 ` i 'm driving , ' meg told her with a shake of her head . 
 serena eyed me and held out the bottle . 
 ` umm , i can drive , ' i offered . 
 ` that 's okay , ' meg said . ' 
 i do n't mind . 
 go ahead if you want to drink . 
 you 're going with us , not just peyton , so we 'll watch out for you . ' 
 ` hey ! ' 
 peyton shouted down the stairs in offence . 
 i contemplated the bottle in serena 's hand carefully . 
 the first time i drank had nothing to do with the alcohol . 
 and i never wanted to be that drunk again ... ever . 
 ` okay , ' i agreed , taking the bottle . 
 meg flipped her eyes to me in surprise . 
 but she went back to painting , trying to appear unfazed by my decision . 
 serena acted like we drank together all the time . 
 but then again , serena was pretty accepting of just about everyone and everything , taking all that came her way without blinking . 
 i 'd yet to witness anything that surprised her . 
 i took a sip and grimaced . 
 yeah , i did n't like beer . 
 ` this tastes horrible . ' 
 serena grinned . 
 ` it 's an acquired taste . ' 
 ` why would anyone want to acquire a taste for something that tastes like ass ? ' 
 i scrunched my nose in disgust . 
 serena laughed . 
 ` i 'll make you a drink , ' she said before disappearing into the kitchen . 
 ` i 'll drink your beer , ' peyton declared , appearing at the bottom of the stairs . 
 her shiny golden hair hung down her back , not a single strand out of place . 
 she was very mindful of her appearance , intently assembling herself from her shiny pink lips to her polished toes . 
 she 'd never let anyone other than us see her less than picture-perfect . 
 just thinking about what she had to go through to keep this up exhausted me . 
 ` you 'll drink anything , ' meg teased , twisting the top on the polish . ' 
 i think you 've probably tried just about everything there is . ' 
 ` funny , ' peyton sneered , tipping the bottle back into her mouth . 
 ` here , try this . ' 
 serena handed me a glass with red liquid in it . 
 my stomach instinctively clenched . 
 noticing my cringe , she assured me , ` it 's cranberry and vodka . 
 i made it pretty weak too . ' 
 i accepted the drink and took a sip . 
 it tasted mostly of cranberry with a hint of something else . 
 ` thanks . ' 
 while meg finished getting ready in the upstairs bathroom , we sat in the living room - drinking . 
 something i quite honestly never thought i 'd ever do . 
 was i supposed to keep holding the glass , or set it on the coffee table ? 
 i watched serena and opted to hold it . 
 i took a sip , not wanting to drink too fast . 
 i knew i was being paranoid ; i just needed to relax already . 
 ` so , where 's james tonight ? ' 
 i asked serena , needing to distract myself from internally freaking out . 
 ` he 's working , ' serena replied , finishing her beer and getting up . 
 ` peyton , you ready for another ? ' 
 james was a bouncer at one of the clubs that showcased local rock talent . 
 with his shaved head , his broad frame and the tattoo on the back of his skull , he fit the persona . 
 on the other hand , he was a dedicated student at stanford , pursuing an education degree . 
 the thought of james reshaping the minds of adolescents always made me smile . 
 ` sure , ' peyton called . 
 i 'd barely finished half the glass , and they were already on their second . 
 maybe i was drinking too slow . 
 or maybe i just needed to get a grip and stop obsessing . 
 ` there 's a great show coming up in a few weeks , ' serena informed me . 
 she handed peyton another beer . 
 serena was my direct line to the best shows in the area . 
 i was thankful to have a room-mate who understood my need for fast beats and heavy guitar . 
 meg and peyton did n't appreciate the genre , preferring head-bopping or hip-swaying music , although i 'd recently taken meg to a few shows , with encouraging results . 
 ` let me know when , and i 'll check if i have tests or anything due . ' 
 i took another sip . 
 'em , you spent all break reading the upcoming assignments for the next month , ' she accused . 
 ` you 'll be fine regardless . 
 it wo n't be a late night . ' 
 ` ready to go ? ' 
 meg announced , bounding down the stairs with her spiralling auburn curls bouncing around her . 
 we finished off our drinks and followed her out the door . 
 it was obvious when we 'd arrived at the party , because there was nowhere to park . 
 after circling the block a few times , we were finally able to creep into a spot as another car pulled away . 
 we followed a small group of people through a gated archway into a courtyard . 
 meg nudged me playfully . 
 ` there 's a pool . ' 
 ` you would n't , ' peyton threatened . 
 ` relax , peyton , ' meg snapped . 
 ` we would n't do that here . ' 
 i smirked . 
 two floors of apartments wrapped around an inner courtyard . 
 people were mingling on the balconies and throughout the central area . 
 a half dozen apartment doors were open to grant access and a sound system was set up in the open space , blaring the most recent hip hop music . 
 ` we need drinks ! ' 
 peyton announced , raising her hands in the air and moving her h * ps to the beat . 
 we followed her form-fitting green sweater through the crowd . 
 she turned heads as she wiggled by , but she was too focused on her mission to take notice . 
 we continued up the stairs and into the closest open door . 
 ` wait here , ' she instructed . 
 ` i 'll get us something . ' 
 i did n't think we could squeeze in any further if we tried ; the room was packed . 
 peyton reappeared , her fingers dipped into small plastic cups of jell-o . 
 she handed one to each of us . 
 i looked down at the cup , trying to figure out how to eat it without a spoon . 
 squeezing the edges , i tried to slurp it . 
 ` do n't chew . 
 just swallow . ' 
 meg laughed as i licked at pieces of jell-o still clinging to my lips . 
 ` always excellent advice , ' peyton giggled . 
 meg grimaced . 
 ` eew . 
 we 're only talking about jell-o , peyton ! ' 
 it took me a moment to figure out what the hell they were talking about , and i scowled in revulsion when i figured it out . 
 peyton took note of my delayed reaction . 
 ` oh , emma . 
 are you sure you had sex with that guy from the band ? 
 'cause i swear you 're a virgin . ' 
 ` let me get another round so you can try again , ' meg offered , dragging peyton with her . 
 when they returned , i took two little cups and awaited instructions . 
 ` swipe your finger around the edge to loosen it and then pop it in your mouth . ' 
 peyton demonstrated with ease . 
 i made another attempt and got most of it in my mouth . 
 my jell-o shot ineptitude made meg laugh . 
 but i did better with the next one . 
 ` now you let it settle and wait for the tickle before you drink anything else , ' serena explained . ' 
 a tickle ? ' 
 peyton questioned serena with her brows raised . 
 ` serena , you are so weird . ' 
 ` whatever , ' serena said , turning away . 
 ` tom ! ' 
 peyton suddenly hollered across the courtyard to the opposite balcony . 
 to my surprise , he heard her and waved . 
 she grabbed my wrist , causing me to stumble after her , though she did n't seem to notice , or care , as she forced our way through the crowd . 
 ` we 'll wait right here , ' meg called out behind us . ' 
 i was hoping you were going to be here , ' peyton exclaimed when she reached tom , giving him a hug . 
 ` you 'd know if you 'd actually call each other , ' i mumbled under my breath . 
 tom and peyton had a strange relationship . 
 i kept hearing about him and how they 'd meet up at parties . 
 she was obviously interested in him . 
 but we did n't think they 'd even exchanged phone numbers yet . 
 we were all confused by it . 
 ` hey . ' 
 i looked up to find cole standing in front of me . 
 gritting my teeth , i forced a smile , suddenly realizing why peyton had been so adamant about bringing me along . 
 ` wow , two parties . 
 i 'm impressed , ' cole taunted . 
 ` parties are n't my thing , ' i countered in annoyance . 
 ` obviously , ' he stated . 
 ` otherwise i would have seen you before . ' 
 ` true , ' i admitted with a slight nod . 
 ` well , it 's a new year , so i 'm trying new things . ' 
 ` what 's next on your list ? ' 
 cole enquired , his clear blue eyes focused on me . 
 i avoided his gaze and studied the crowd around us . 
 ` umm ... stage diving , ' i answered without thinking . 
 i really did n't have a ` new things ' list . 
 i was making it up as i went . 
 but now that i 'd said it , i actually wanted to try it . 
 ` nice . 
 you 'll have to let me know when so i can witness that . ' 
 ` we 'll see , ' i answered , not wanting to commit to seeing him again , no matter what he looked like . 
 when he turned his head in the other direction , i slipped away . 
 i heard peyton call my name , but i ignored her . 
 when i squeezed my way to where we 'd left serena and meg , they were nowhere to be found . 
 i scanned the crowd and spotted them by the pool , then ducked into an apartment and grabbed something grape-flavoured and bubbly . 
 i could barely feel the tickle , so i figured i was still safe . 
 meg saw me at the top of the stairs and waved . 
 i nodded and followed the line down the steps . 
 when i reached the bottom , an arm swept around my waist and pulled me to the side . 
 ` hey , gorgeous , ' gev murmured in my ear , kissing my neck . ' 
 i was hoping i 'd see you again . ' 
 ` uh , hi , ' i stuttered , my entire body stiffening at his touch . 
 i looked around in a panic , but i could n't locate meg or serena . 
 then meg 's spirals came into view , and i connected with her . 
 her eyes flipped from me to gev , and she pushed through faster , not caring that she was pissing people off . 
 ` so , how are you ? ' 
 i asked , my voice cracking slightly . 
 ` sober , ' he complained . 
 ` i 'm going up to get a drink . 
 wan na come ? ' 
 'em ma ! ' 
 meg exclaimed , her bright smile not entirely masking the concern flashing in her eyes . 
 ` there you are . 
 we thought we lost you . ' 
 she noticed gev 's arm around my waist and the tightness in my shoulders as he squeezed me against him . 
 ` hi . 
 i 'm meg , and this is serena . ' 
 serena just nodded and did n't even bother faking a smile . 
 ` gev , ' he responded . 
 ` guess i 'll find you later , ' he said , kissing my cheek before disappearing up the stairs . 
 i tried to smile while swallowing the sour taste of disgust that rose in the back of my throat . 
 ` are you okay ? ' 
 meg asked , taking me by the hand and leading me away . 
 ` yeah , i 'm fine , ' i responded meekly , taking large gulps of the purple stuff from the cup in my other hand . 
 ` he 's awesome-looking , ' serena noted from beside me . 
 ` too bad he 's a complete dick . ' 
 i laughed , almost spitting out my drink . 
 meg smiled . 
 ` we wo n't let him near you , ' she promised , stopping near the pool . 
 ` hey ! ' 
 peyton exclaimed dramatically when she found us a few minutes later . 
 'em , why 'd you take off like that again ? 
 seriously , i think you should give cole a chance . ' 
 ` he 's not my type . ' 
 ` wait , are you talking about the guy you 've been trying to set her up with for like forever ? ' 
 meg clarified . 
 ` uh , i just met him at the new year 's party , ' i countered . 
 ` but i 've been wanting you to meet him for way longer . ' 
 peyton sighed . ' 
 i need an in with tom , and they 're never apart , so i figured you 'd be a good fit for cole . ' 
 ` you obviously do n't know me very well . ' 
 ` come on , ' peyton said , sulking . 
 ` cole is everyone 's type . ' 
 she eyed serena in contemplation and corrected with , ` well ... except for serena . 
 he 's lacking the freak factor . ' 
 ` fuck you , peyton , ' serena bit back . 
 meg laughed at their banter . 
 they were always throwing snide comments back and forth . 
 i sometimes wondered if they liked each other at all . 
 ` seriously , em , ' peyton continued . 
 ` he 's gorgeous . 
 he 's intelligent . 
 he 's a surfer . ' ' 
 i do n't go for the surfer type . 
 just drop it - okay ? ' 
 i felt a sudden twist in my chest and swallowed the last of the alcoholic grape soda to be rid of it . 
 ` um , i could use another drink . 
 anyone else ? ' 
 ` i 'll go with you , ' serena offered , leading me towards another apartment . 
 ` she 's just being selfish as usual , ' she consoled . 
 ` do n't let her force you . ' 
 ` i 'm fine , ' i said quietly . 
 i waited for serena on the balcony while she got our drinks . 
 i kept scanning the crowd around me , fearful of running into gev again . 
 she returned a few minutes later and handed me a red plastic cup . 
 ` jack and coke , ' serena explained . 
 i took a sip , and my stomach lit up . 
 ` whoa . ' 
 i shivered . 
 ` that 's strong . ' 
 ` sorry . ' 
 serena grimaced . ' 
 i did n't make it . 
 do you hate it ? ' 
 ` it 's not my favourite , ' i admitted as my mouth filled with saliva , ` but i 'll drink it . ' 
 we noticed peyton and meg dancing in a crowd by the pool . 
 ` great , ' serena grumbled and directed me to stand on the outskirts where it was less crowded . 
 i leaned against the rough exterior of the building , under the overhang of the balcony , slowly sipping the jack with a touch of coke . 
 the tickle was turning into a slightly dizzying haze . 
 ` someday we 'll go to a party where there 'll be music we can dance to , ' serena promised . 
 ` this music is shit . ' 
 i laughed . 
 two guys came up behind meg and peyton , pressing up against them and putting their hands on the girls ' hips . 
 peyton turned around with a flirtatious smile and swung her arms around the guy 's neck . 
 meg scooted away from the other guy , and he eventually got the message and disappeared into the crowd . 
 i grinned in amusement . 
 ` i 'm getting another drink , ' serena announced . 
 ` will you be okay here , or do you want to come with me ? ' 
 the party was now at capacity , and i did n't want to fight through the crowd . 
 ` i 'll wait . ' 
 ` do n't go anywhere , ' serena stressed . 
 i nodded and took another sip . 
 she glanced back a few times on her way up the stairs , making me roll my eyes . ' 
 i found you , ' gev announced , appearing in front of me out of nowhere . 
 he leaned in and pressed his lips to mine . 
 i froze , not returning the kiss . 
 he pulled back , confused . 
 ` are you mad at me ? ' 
 ` uh , no , ' i responded , not expecting the question . 
 ` is it because i passed out on you last time ? ' 
 he continued . 
 ` you know , before we could have sex . 
 i promise not to drink that much tonight . ' 
 my breath stilled , and i stared at him . 
 we did n't have sex . 
 oh . 
 dear . 
 god . 
 we did n't have sex ! 
 ` no , that 's not it , ' i said , feeling my shoulders ease up . ' 
 i just think you got the wrong impression . ' 
 ` ah . ' 
 gev nodded in understanding . 
 ` you 're not that into me . ' 
 ` i 'm not into anyone , ' i stressed , not wanting it to sound so harsh . 
 ` do n't take it personally . ' 
 ` not a problem . ' 
 he shrugged . 
 he really did n't take it personally - he honestly did n't seem to care at all . 
 ` well , have fun , and if you ever need to relieve some of that tension , find me . ' 
 ` uh , will do , ' i responded flatly , watching him walk away . 
 ` oh shit , em , ' serena groaned . 
 ` i 'm sorry ! 
 i totally forgot about fuckhead . 
 what happened ? ' 
 ` we did n't have sex , ' i told her . 
 ` well ... obviously , ' she replied . ' 
 i mean you 're in the middle of a party . ' 
 then she examined me . 
 ` oh ! 
 you meant ... before ? ' 
 i nodded . 
 i 'd held on to the guilt so tightly , i was having difficulty letting it go . 
 but i could n't deny i felt a hell of a lot lighter learning it had never happened . 
 or maybe the jack was starting to kick in . 
 i spotted meg still dancing along the pool 's edge and smirked . 
 ` watch this , ' i said to serena , dropping the empty cup on the concrete and shimmying my way towards meg . 
 her back was towards me as i glided up behind her . 
 just as i was within reach , she turned towards me and smiled . 
 then she saw the devilish gleam in my eyes and her mouth opened in surprise as i pushed her over the edge of the pool . 
 just as i let out a triumphant laugh , she grabbed my wrist and we both crashed through the water 's surface . 
 ` this makes us even , ' meg sputtered , blowing water from her lips and grabbing the pool 's edge . 
 ` for now , ' i jeered . 
 everyone was looking at us , some in amusement , others in annoyance . 
 when we dragged our wet bodies from the pool , we discovered peyton glaring at us with her arms crossed . 
 ` let 's go , ' she snapped . 
 ` they 're kicking us out . ' 
 ` why ? ' 
 meg laughed in confusion . 
 ` because we were in the pool ? ' 
 peyton released an exasperated sigh and stormed off towards the gate . ' 
 i guess the building manager does n't care about the parties , ' serena explained with a smile , ` but he does n't want to put any extra effort into cleaning the pool , so no one 's allowed in during the parties . ' 
 the crowd parted to let us pass , staring and snickering . 
 when we made it to the sidewalk , we heard the announcement , ` no one is allowed in the pool ! 
 if anyone else goes in , the party 's over . ' 
 meg and i started laughing . 
 ` well , you definitely made an impression , ' serena said , laughing alongside us . ' 
 i ca n't believe you did that , ' peyton scolded . 
 ` you promised ! ' 
 ` meg promised , ' i countered . 
 ` do n't worry , we wo n't get your car wet . 
 do you still have the trash bags in your trunk ? ' 
 ` of course , ' peyton said , annoyed . ' 
 i still ca n't believe you got us kicked out . ' 
 as we were peeling off our wet jeans and socks to place them in the trash bag , serena announced , ` so , good news ! 
 emma never slept with the sleazebag ! ' 
 ` what ?! ' 
 meg and peyton shot out in unison . 
 ` he passed out before it happened , ' i explained , averting my eyes . ' 
 i do n't understand , ' peyton said , shaking her head . 
 ` how did you not know ? ' 
 i looked at her without understanding what she was asking . ' 
 i mean , could n't you feel that you did n't ? ' 
 she sighed . 
 ` wow , em . 
 you 're seriously clueless . ' 
 ` peyton ! ' 
 meg reprimanded as we entered the car . 
 ` i 've only had sex once , ' i defended . ' 
 i had no idea i was supposed to be sore every time . ' 
 this made them all laugh . 
 ` not ... sore , ' serena tried to explain . 
 ` but you definitely can tell when someone has trespassed . ' 
 ` serena ! ' 
 meg said , her mouth dropped open . 
 ` that sounds so ... awful . ' ' 
 i get it , ' i stated quietly , not wanting to reflect upon my first time any more than i wanted to think about what i 'd almost done with gev . 
 ` oh , by the way , em - i gave cole your number , ' peyton announced . 
 everyone in the car was suddenly quiet . 
 ` what the fuck , peyton ! ' 
 4 blind leap as my hands searched blindly under the bed for the shoe i 'd been frantically trying to find , i caught a glimpse of a photo half hidden beneath my nightstand . 
 i remained on my knees , staring at his face , unable to touch it . 
 i 'd taken this picture . 
 we were in the woods behind his house . 
 i 'd stolen his camera away from him and started to snap pictures of him . 
 he 'd always been the one behind the camera , so he was a reluctant subject . 
 he chased after me , trying to get the camera back . 
 the image was a black and white photo of his hand reaching for the camera . 
 but i could see his eyes behind his outstretched fingers . 
 they were grey and translucent on the paper ; there was a shine to them , reflecting light . 
 he was smiling . 
 i did n't have to see the rest of his face to know that . 
 i love that picture . 
 my heart squeezed tight as his voice whispered to me , reminding me of just how much i missed him . 
 i had n't allowed myself to feel anything since i 'd left him in that house . 
 but now i was barraged with more emotion than i could handle . 
 and i was finding it impossible to breathe . 
 'em ma , you ready to ... ' serena 's voice faded away . 
 i forced myself to exhale , to find the strength to look away from the image . 
 ` yeah . ' 
 my voice cracked as i stood on unsteady legs . 
 ` i 'm ready . ' 
 serena studied my face when i turned towards her . 
 her eyes flicked to the picture on the floor , but she did n't say anything . 
 i pushed out another breath and stilled the quake of my hands by clenching them into tight fists . 
 shoving my foot in my shoe , i tied the laces hastily and said with a forced smile , ` let 's go . ' 
 the black hole of emptiness that had protected me all of this time refused to shroud me in its shadows like i needed it to . 
 i could n't shut everything off any more . 
 the contemplative look in serena 's eyes disappeared with a blink . 
 her face lit up with a wide smile . 
 ` okay , c'mon ! ' 
 when we arrived at the club , there was already a line of eager fans forming along the sidewalk . 
 ` hey , guy , ' serena greeted the bouncer with bright eyes . 
 he stood without expression in front of the entrance , his muscles heaving beneath a shirt that looked like it was about to burst . 
 he was primed for ass-kicking . 
 ` serena , ' he acknowledged and stepped to the side to allow us to enter . 
 there were groans behind us as we slipped though the front doors . 
 serena liked to arrive early to watch the last-minute bustling as the club prepared for the show . 
 she also wanted to see james before he had to take his post in front of the stage . 
 he found us at our usual spot , seated on the crushed velvet couch on the second level . 
 he sat between us and leaned into the crook of serena 's arm after he kissed her hello . 
 ` james , will you let emma stage dive tonight ? ' 
 serena asked , stroking his smooth-shaven head affectionately . 
 ` you really want to stage dive ? ' 
 he asked me with a sceptical crooked grin . 
 ` girls usually get groped when they do that . 
 it 's not pretty . 
 and then i may have to f ** k the douchebags up . ' 
 ` maybe not then , ' i replied . 
 desperate to try anything that would allow me to breathe again , i had n't considered the groping part of stage diving . 
 i figured adrenaline was a better choice than alcohol . 
 if i could n't be numb , i could at least get my heart pumping to temporarily dull the pain . 
 but having strangers fondle me did n't sound very appealing . 
 i slumped back into the couch . 
 ` what if she falls backwards ? ' 
 serena suggested . 
 i jerked my head up at this option . 
 ` you can try . 
 not many people do that because they ca n't see who 's going to catch them , and it 's a trust issue . 
 your ass will definitely be grabbed no matter what . 
 why do n't you crowd-surf so you do n't have to fall ? ' 
 i considered it , but knew that would n't be the same . ' 
 i need to fall , ' i explained . 
 ` and i can live with the ass-grabbing . ' 
 james wrinkled his forehead in confusion . 
 ` why do you want to do it ? ' 
 ` because i ca n't breathe , ' i stated flatly . 
 their eyes steadied on me . 
 james released a laugh , shaking his head . ' 
 i do n't get you . 
 is that why you do n't go out with guys , because you 're - ' ` james ! ' 
 serena scolded , smacking the back of his head with the palm of her hand . ' 
 i did n't mean it like that , ' he said defensively . 
 ` she 's just ... different , that 's all . 
 it 's not a bad thing . ' 
 he turned towards me . 
 ` you know i think you 're cool . 
 but i still do n't get you . ' 
 serena eyes tightened at his honesty . 
 ` it 's okay , ' i replied , unaffected . ' 
 i do n't get me either . ' 
 james grinned . 
 ` they 're about to let in the masses , ' he reported , his hand covering his earpiece so he could hear better . ' 
 i need to go . 
 i 'll see you after the show . ' 
 he kissed serena and walked off towards his post . 
 ` are you really going to fall backwards off the stage ? ' 
 serena questioned , her dark eyes scanning mine . 
 i looked away . 
 ` yeah . ' 
 my heart skipped a beat at the thought of it , countering the pain for a split second . 
 i needed to do this , to feel something , anything else . 
 ` maybe we should do a few shots , ' she suggested . 
 ` that way if you hit the floor you wo n't feel it . ' 
 she left and approached the bar along the side wall , talked to the girls attending it for a few minutes , and returned with two brimming shot glasses rimmed with sugar and two lemon wedges . 
 i had n't planned on drinking . 
 but in order to get up on that stage - ` to breathing ! ' 
 serena raised her shot glass to mine . 
 my chest tightened with her words . 
 i clicked her glass and threw back the shot , swallowing it as i 'd seen done so many times in my life . 
 i coughed in protest , and my body shuddered . 
 the lemon did a little to cut the distinct vodka bite . 
 my stomach ignited as the alcohol seeped into its walls . 
 ` did n't love that , ' i admitted , puckering my lips at the sourness of the lemon . 
 ` it gets easier , ' she promised , smiling softly . 
 i had a feeling she was n't talking about the shot . 
 ` let 's find a good spot in front of the stage before it gets too crowded . ' 
 she leapt up from the couch and pulled me after her . 
 serena fed me a few more shots as we listened to the opening act . 
 i kept thinking i was fine , that the alcohol was n't really taking effect . 
 but i honestly could n't tell . 
 the headliner took the stage , and the crowd squeezed in around us . 
 we jumped to each song , rocking our heads and pumping our fists in the air . 
 serena appeared with another shot . 
 i was so lost in the music , i had n't even noticed she 'd disappeared . 
 ` this is it , em ! ' 
 she yelled as she held up the shot . 
 ` it 's now or never ! ' 
 we tossed the liquid back easily - i seemed to have acquired a taste for it . 
 serena shouted encouragement as i walked towards james . 
 without a hint of emotion , he nodded his head slightly , letting me know the stage was all mine . 
 my heart thrust to life , and my body buzzed with nerves . 
 he murmured , ` good luck ' , just before i hopped onto the platform . 
 i shuffled to the centre of the stage and saw a few people pointing at me out of the corner of my eye . 
 another bouncer from the opposite side started moving towards me , and i knew i did n't have much time . 
 if i was going to do this , i had to do it fast . 
 my breath quickened . 
 i could feel the adrenaline pump through me until everything else was gone , and it was all i could feel . 
 i turned my back to the audience , hoping they had their arms outstretched behind me . 
 the lead singer continued belting out the lyrics . 
 i glanced at him as his eyes twitched curiously . 
 i grinned at him ever so slightly ... and i fell back . 
 my stomach opened up , and i let out an excited yell . 
 hands gripped , jostled and guided me across the crowd . 
 music bellowed around me . 
 people hollered beneath me as i passed over them . 
 the lights flew by in a blur of colour . 
 i rode along the turbulent sea of hands until i was gently lowered to my feet . 
 i stood in the spot for a moment , orienting myself as faces flashed before me . 
 the crowd rocked in unison , their energy gliding over my skin like a hot breeze . 
 i thrust my arm in the air , bellowing out the lyrics while jumping with the crowd . 
 serena burst through the bodies and screamed , ` that was so f ** king awesome ! ' 
 we leapt side by side until we were drenched in sweat , and there was no more music to keep us on our feet . 
 we collapsed on our couch as everyone filed out . 
 i had a permanent smile on my face , and all that pulsed through me was elation . 
 the room swirled , and images shifted before my eyes . 
 i blinked heavily , having a hard time holding my head steady . 
 ` i 'm going to find james and get us some water , ' serena told me . 
 i think i nodded . 
 if i did n't , i meant to . 
 a moment later , the couch jostled beside me . 
 i flopped my head to the side and found a lean guy with tightly trimmed deep auburn hair and a chin capped with a buzz of whiskers . 
 i smiled . 
 or maybe i had n't stopped . 
 ` hi , ' he said , throwing his arm along the couch above my head . 
 ` i 'm aiden . ' 
 ` hey , aiden , ' i greeted loudly . 
 ` i 'm emma . ' 
 'em ma , you should n't be sitting here all by yourself . 
 you need to come to a party with me and my friends . ' ' 
 i do ? ' 
 i laughed . 
 ` yes , you do , ' he confirmed with a charming smile . 
 ` i 'm waiting for my friend , ' i explained . ' 
 i do n't know where she is . ' 
 i could n't remember where serena had disappeared to . 
 the fog in my head was too thick to recall her words . 
 ` but then we 'll go ... with you ... to the party . ' 
 i smiled again - or i continued to . 
 ` you 're cute , ' he said , scooting in a little closer . 
 ` you 're not so bad yourself , ' my mouth said . 
 he leaned over and thanked my mouth with a kiss , and i let him . 
 i realized again that i could n't feel his lips . 
 or maybe it was my lips i could n't feel . 
 i really needed to figure that out . 
 i realized i was drunk . 
 and i was okay with that too . 
 'em ma ! ' 
 aiden pulled back . 
 i was confused by his retreat , and when i opened my eyes , serena was standing in front of me . 
 she looked mad . 
 why was she mad ? 
 ` serena ! ' 
 i yelled enthusiastically . 
 ` there you are ! 
 this is aiden . 
 we 're going to a party with him . ' 
 ` hi , ' he said . 
 ` uh , no we 're not , ' she snipped . 
 wow . 
 she was really mad . 
 ` get lost , aiden . ' 
 aiden pushed up from the couch . 
 ` see you later , emma . ' 
 and then he disappeared . 
 ` where 's he going ? ' 
 i asked in confusion . 
 ` who cares , ' serena muttered . 
 ` let 's go home , emma . ' 
 ` are you mad at me , serena ? ' 
 i asked , my smile lost . 
 ` no , em , ' she sighed . ' 
 i just screwed up and fed you too many shots . 
 you 're drunk , and you need to go to bed . ' 
 ` yeah , i 'm tired . ' 
 i felt dizzy on the ride home , so i kept my eyes shut , but everything kept spinning . 
 i pressed my head against the window , begging for it to stop . 
 and then we did . 
 'em , we 're home , ' serena announced . 
 ` huh ? ' 
 i tried to lift my head , but it was so heavy . 
 i blinked my eyes open as serena appeared next to me by the open door . 
 i stumbled to the front porch , leaning into her . 
 my feet were clumsy , almost as bad as my head . 
 ` help me , ' serena said . 
 ` i 'm trying , ' i muttered . 
 ` how did this happen ? ' 
 meg asked . 
 her arm slid around me . 
 ` my fault , ' serena said . 
 i followed the stairs up to my room , but i was n't sure if my legs were moving . 
 ` there you go , em , ' meg said as i felt the pillow cradle my head . ' 
 i fell off the stage , ' i told meg , my tongue lazy and uncooperative . 
 ` you did what ? ' 
 ` she did a backwards stage dive , ' serena clarified . 
 my eyes would n't stay open , so i could n't see meg 's reaction . 
 there was a tornado in my brain that kept the room spinning beneath my lids . 
 i groaned and flopped my arm over my eyes to try to keep myself pinned down . 
 ` just get some sleep , ' meg said , pulling a blanket over me . 
 when i woke the next day , my head was trying to split itself in half . 
 serena was overly apologetic , claiming she 'd been so nervous about my stage dive that she thought she was helping take the edge off with the shots . 
 i could n't connect the logic of how getting me drunk helped her nerves , but the knife plunged into my head distracted me from arguing the point . 
 i vowed to never drink again ... again . 
 5 not boring i felt a presence hovering above me as i bent over my anatomy book with music blasting in my ears . 
 i raised my head to find cole standing across the communal table . 
 i eyed him curiously , not expecting to see him standing across from me after i 'd ditched him ... twice . 
 i removed my earbuds without a word and looked at him in expectation . 
 ` how 's the list of new things coming along ? ' 
 he whispered . 
 ` that was an impressive stage dive at the grove a couple of weeks ago . ' 
 ` you were there ? ' 
 i was n't certain i liked that he 'd witnessed the next thing on my list . 
 the list that had n't existed before i 'd met him . ' 
 i did n't figure you for the type to like that kind of music . ' 
 ` i 'm pretty open to anything , ' he answered casually . 
 ` ca n't always judge by appearances . ' 
 it was true . 
 i had judged him the moment i saw him . 
 ` i 'm surprised you 're talking to me . ' 
 ` me too , ' he replied . ' 
 i did n't call you for a reason after peyton gave me your number . 
 a guy can only get blown off so many times before taking a hint . ' 
 ` so , why are you talking to me now ? ' 
 ` maybe a part of me is convinced you 're not a total bitch , ' he answered , his eyes crinkling wryly . 
 ` just most of me . ' 
 my mouth quirked slightly . 
 ` well , i 'll let you get back to studying . 
 i think my time 's about up . ' 
 he adjusted the strap of his backpack on his shoulder and turned to leave . 
 ` what 's that supposed to mean ? ' 
 ` before you walk away - it 's usually about now . ' 
 he gave me a crooked smile . 
 ` nice , ' i smirked . 
 cole strode away without another comment , or a goodbye . 
 i found myself following the untucked white t-shirt that hugged the contours of his muscular back until he was out of sight . 
 i shook off the distraction , replaced the earbuds and dived back into studying the ventricles of the heart without giving him another thought . 
 mostly . 
 i was packing up my laptop to head to the library and finish typing my sociology paper when my phone rang . 
 i noted the california listing on the screen and was prepared for a wrong number . 
 ` hi . 
 it 's cole . ' 
 my lips twitched in amusement . ' 
 i thought you were n't going to use my number , ' i teased . ' 
 i decided to take a chance , ' he responded . 
 ` not sure why , but i 'm calling you anyway . ' 
 i released an offended laugh . 
 ` well , maybe i should let you go then . ' 
 ` wait , ' he said quickly . 
 ` do n't hang up . ' 
 ` i 'm not much of a phone talker . 
 and i 'm on my way to the library . ' 
 ` it 's saturday night . ' 
 he sounded confused . 
 ` why are n't you going out ? ' 
 ` despite my resolution to try new things , i really do n't party much , ' i told him . 
 ` you just happened to be at every party and show i went to this year . ' 
 ` lucky me , ' he replied , making me scrunch my forehead and wonder why i had n't hung up on him yet . 
 ` meet me out . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 i was stunned by the directness of his statement , like he was telling me versus asking . 
 ` did you not hear the part about going to the library ? ' 
 ` meet me on your way , ' he proposed . 
 ` fifteen minutes , that 's it . ' 
 i drew in a deep breath while considering his request . 
 ` okay . ' 
 ` you 're not going to blow me off , are you ? ' 
 he asked bluntly . 
 i stifled a laugh . 
 ` no , i wo n't blow you off . ' 
 ` i 'm at joe 's . ' 
 he hung up . 
 the abruptness of it left me staring at the call ended time flashing on my screen . 
 why had i agreed to this ? 
 glancing at my image in the mirror , i shrugged , not bothering to make an effort before slipping my canvas flip-flops on my feet . 
 i really was n't concerned if this guy saw me without make-up and wearing a holey t-shirt and cargo pants . 
 i zipped up my hoodie before heading towards the stairs . 
 peyton peeked out of her room , her hair in hot curlers . 
 ` where are you going ? ' 
 ` to joe 's , then the library , ' i answered without looking back as i tromped down the stairs . 
 ` why are you going to joe 's ? ' 
 ` to meet cole , ' i hollered back , before closing the door behind me . 
 it was past the dinner rush when i entered the sports bar , and way too early for the college drinkers . 
 various sizes of flat-screen tvs suspended at every angle broadcasted different athletic events to the virtually empty room . 
 cole was poised on a stool at the bar , watching a college basketball game on the large screen . 
 i sat down next him without a word , my eyes on the tv . 
 ` wow , you 're here , ' he gawked , shifting towards me . 
 ` fifteen minutes , ' i reminded him , inspiring the return of that crooked grin . 
 ` fair enough . ' 
 he took a sip of the beer he had clasped between his hands , and i remained quiet , watching the game . 
 ` oh , you 're still going to make me do all the talking , huh ? ' 
 he noted with a chuckle . 
 ` i 'll talk . 
 but you 'll probably be disappointed , because i do n't have a lot to reveal . ' 
 ` if you 're too boring , i just wo n't call you again . ' 
 one side of his mouth curled up when i raised my eyebrows in offence . 
 ` i 'm anything but boring , ' i retorted , focused on his clear blue eyes . ' 
 i had a feeling , ' he murmured , not breaking the connection . 
 i redirected my gaze back to the game , even though i had no idea who was playing and could n't concentrate enough to figure out who was winning . 
 i fidgeted on the stool and tried to contain the impulse to get up and walk out the door , knowing it was what i should do . 
 ` so , have you thought about the next new thing to add to your list ? ' 
 ` um ... ' i cast my eyes towards the ceiling in thought and said the first thing that came into my head . 
 ` skinny-dipping . ' 
 granted , i 'd never had the desire to strip out of my clothes and swim before , but i had n't done it yet - so i blurted it without considering whether i would . 
 ` you do n't have anything small on your list , do you ? 
 it 's all or nothing ? ' 
 all in , huh ? 
 a hot spear shot through my chest as his words echoed a voice from my past . 
 ` that 's the point , ' i responded calmly , despite the tension along my back . 
 cole chuckled with a small shake of his head . 
 evidently he found me entertaining . 
 ` as long as you do n't go skinny-dipping at a party - that would be a little too much . ' 
 ` that 's not my style . ' 
 ` but jumping in the pool completely clothed is ? ' ' 
 i was n't supposed to get pulled in , ' i explained . 
 ` but i had a little too much to drink , and i was n't fast enough when she grabbed me . ' 
 ` so , you were pushing your room-mate in ? ' 
 he clarified . 
 i nodded . 
 he laughed . 
 ` you 're crazy . ' 
 ` yeah , i think am . ' 
 cole held the amused expression on his face for a moment longer , and then he noticed that i was n't joking . 
 his eyebrows pulled together . 
 ` you 're serious ? ' 
 i shrugged in admission . 
 i stood from my stool . 
 this seemed like the best time to make my exit - he was way too intrigued . 
 cole looked at his watch . 
 ` uh , we still have six minutes . ' 
 ` not any more , ' i replied and headed towards the door with a committed stride . 
 i thought i heard him let out an exasperated breath , or it could 've been the air in my lungs that i 'd been holding in since i sat down . 
 i should n't have come here to begin with . 
 i 'd hoped i could convince him that i was n't worth his time . 
 not even fifteen minutes of it . 
 ` you promised fifteen minutes , ' he declared , jogging up next to me on the sidewalk . 
 ` wow , you 're either the most stubbornly determined person i 've ever met , or you love the abuse . 
 because i know it 's not my charming personality . ' 
 the corner of his mouth lifted . ' 
 i think it 's morbid curiosity , because no , you 're not all that pleasant to be around . ' 
 i sighed in exasperation . ' 
 i do n't understand you . ' 
 ` what do you want to know ? ' 
 he offered , seeming sincere . 
 ` i 'll tell you anything . ' 
 i quickened my pace towards my car . 
 ` walk with me , ' he suggested . 
 ` for ' - he glanced at his watch - ` another four and a half minutes . ' 
 ` fine . 
 i 'll feed into your twisted curiosity and give you your four minutes , ' i said sharply . 
 ` tell me something about you worth knowing . ' 
 ` worth knowing ? 
 wow , that 's pressure , ' he pondered . 
 as i glanced at my watch he blurted out : ' i surf . ' 
 ` and that was more predictable than the sun rising every day , ' i scoffed . 
 ` is there anything you do that most of the state does n't ? ' 
 ` well , i 'm not exactly adrenaline-driven like you , ' he countered . ' 
 i do n't live my life in quest of the next adventure ; sorry to disappoint . ' 
 he should have been pissed off . 
 he should have turned around and told me to f ** k off . 
 but he did n't . 
 he was seriously considering my question . 
 he stopped along the sidewalk , next to a house with an ill-fated garden . 
 ` umm ... okay . ' 
 he paused in contemplation . ' 
 i listen to silence . ' 
 with this , he started walking again . 
 i stared after him . 
 at first i thought he was antagonizing me with his cryptic response , but then it struck me that he was serious . 
 i caught up with him . 
 ` i 'm pretty good at it too . 
 it might have something to do with having four sisters and never getting a word in . 
 i became a sort of expert at listening to what no one said . 
 i could tell when my older sister was fighting with her boyfriend , or when my younger sister was mad at my mother , or when my youngest sister was frustrated when she could n't run as fast as she wanted to in track . 
 i knew my parents were getting a divorce way before it happened , even though my sisters swear they had no idea . ' 
 cole stopped and turned to face me . ' 
 i listen to silence . 
 and you - ' his mouth pulled into a smirk - ` you have a lot to say . 
 although i have n't quite figured out what it is yet . ' 
 my brow creased as i stared back into the depths of his eyes . 
 i did n't have anything to say . 
 i did n't want to be this puzzle he was trying to solve , or listen to . 
 ` time 's up , ' i announced , starting back towards my car . 
 something stirred inside me , something i was n't comfortable with . 
 cole jogged to catch up . ' 
 i think we should hang out again , ' he concluded as he followed me down the sidewalk . 
 ` you do ? 
 why ? 
 was n't this disastrous enough ? ' 
 he just laughed in response . ' 
 i promise not to delve into what makes your silence so loud , if you promise not to walk out on me . ' 
 i should have said no . 
 i should have kept walking and let him go on with his life , without my interference . 
 but i did n't . 
 i crossed my arms and released an impatient breath . 
 ` fine . 
 let 's see how interesting you really are . ' 
 he shook his head with a wry grin before replying . 
 ` you 're not going to pressure me into coming up with something crazy to do . 
 we 'll just hang out - plain and simple . ' ' 
 i will limit my expectations , ' i goaded . 
 he ignored my remark and said , ' i wo n't be around much , since i have a big paper due next week . 
 but how about after ? ' 
 ` maybe i 'll see you at the library . 
 i pretty much live there . ' 
 i stopped walking , and he eyed me curiously . 
 ` uh , i can make it to my car from here . ' 
 ` right . 
 time 's up . ' 
 he turned in the opposite direction and walked away without saying goodbye ... again . 
 cole did n't say anything when he pulled the chair away from the table and sat across from me in the library the next night . 
 i looked over the top of my laptop as he began pulling books out of his backpack , then returned my attention to the screen and kept typing . 
 he did n't acknowledge me in any way , just concentrated on his work . 
 this continued throughout the week . 
 each night i 'd sit at the same table , and he 'd sit across from me . 
 i would n't have known he was there at all except that his hair was so shockingly blond that it would catch my eye as he bent over his books , taking notes . 
 we did n't talk , or attempt conversation . 
 when he was done , he 'd close up his books and leave without saying a word - it was a little strange , but i dismissed it easily enough . 
 ` do you want to get something to eat ? ' 
 he whispered across to me on friday . 
 i was calculating a statistics problem and erasing - a lot . 
 i hated statistics . 
 shocked to hear his voice , i glanced up into translucent blue eyes that awaited my answer . 
 ` are you hungry ? 
 i 'm getting something to eat , and was asking if you 'd like to come along . ' 
 ` i 'm not quite done . 
 i need to stay a little longer . ' 
 i bent over my notebook and figured he 'd walk away like he usually did . 
 ` how about tomorrow ? ' 
 he persisted . 
 i raised my eyes inquisitively , wary of his motives . ' 
 i do n't date . ' ' 
 i was n't asking you on a date , ' he clarified , his neck turning slightly red . ' 
 i was just asking you to get something to eat - you need to eat , right ? ' 
 ` that i do . ' 
 i deliberated . 
 ` but no , i do n't want to get something to eat with you tomorrow . ' 
 ` are you trying to be cruel , or is it just me ? ' 
 ` it 's just you . ' 
 i continued to work out the math equation in front of me . 
 when he remained silent , i looked up to find him watching me intently . 
 his eyes narrowed in on me for a silent moment , as if trying to read whether i was sincerely messing with him . 
 then he stood up to walk away . 
 i let out a breath and said , ` fine . 
 i 'll meet you at the alley at seven tomorrow night ... for food . ' 
 ` yeah , just food . ' 
 his annoying crooked smile now flustered me because i had no idea what it meant . 
 i found myself looking after him as he walked around the corner . 
 i could n't be cruel enough to make him stay away , but i was certain that he should . 
 i bowed my head and returned to the misery of my assignment . 
 6 a thousand words my ears picked up the musical chime coming from my nightstand before my brain could understand what it was hearing . 
 i hit the snooze button , but the notes continued . 
 i squinted an eye open to peer at the clock . 
 it was after three in the morning . 
 the chiming stopped , and i fell back into my pillow . 
 my phone started ringing again , insistent that i pick it up . 
 i groaned and grappled with the device , pulling it in front of my face . 
 ` sara ? ' 
 i grumbled , my voice still lost in the world of sleep . 
 'em ma ! ' 
 she sobbed , her voice broken and full of pain . 
 i bolted upright . 
 ` sara , what is it ? ' 
 i demanded urgently , sitting in the dark of my room with my heart pounding . 
 i tried to remain patient as i heard her strain to catch her breath . 
 ` sara , please tell me . ' 
 ` he 's engaged ! ' 
 she screamed in piercing agony . 
 my entire body stilled . 
 a moment passed , and all i could hear were her deafening cries . 
 ` who 's engaged ? ' 
 i whispered , knowing the answer . 
 ` jared , ' she whimpered . 
 she collapsed into something that muffled her cries . 
 i waited until she finally said , ' i saw it ... in the times ... ' and then there was nothing . 
 ` sara ? ' 
 my phone displayed the lost connection message . 
 ` shit . ' 
 i dialled her back , only to hear the blaring of a busy signal . 
 frustrated and still confused , i pushed my blankets back , flipping on the bedside lamp . 
 i tried to call her back again , but was blocked by the same bleeping signal . 
 i scrambled to my desk and booted up my laptop . 
 i searched ` mathews ' and ` new york times ' and was directed to a link . 
 the page opened to the engagement section of the times , featuring a large black-and-white photo of jared and a girl . 
 i stared at the screen in disbelief . 
 it was n't a professionally posed engagement photo . 
 they were surrounded by formally dressed people at some kind of function . 
 the photographer captured an image of them walking hand in hand . 
 jared was grinning slightly , while the girl next to him was simply glowing , with a vibrant , open-mouthed laugh . 
 her dark eyes twinkled , even in the colourless image . 
 her brown hair was swept up into a loose style , with elegant wisps framing her undeniably stunning face . 
 she held a hand up , as if to cover her laugh , and there it was ... the ring . 
 a huge square diamond on her left hand . 
 i could n't focus on the words announcing their engagement . 
 i did n't care when they were getting married . 
 i did n't even care what her name was . 
 sara 's heart was being torn out of her chest in another country , without me there to console her . 
 i called back again , and just as the phone started to ring , my eyes shifted . 
 and i saw evan . 
 he was in the background , within the crowd of partygoers . 
 most of his face was cut from the picture , though with the distinct structure of his jaw and the sharp lines of his mouth , there was no denying it was him . 
 i did , however , have a full view of the girl draped around his left arm . 
 it was hard to forget the detestably smug grin of catherine jacobs , the same girl who 'd practically thrown herself at him at the dinner we 'd attended years ago at her parents ' house . 
 she looked very comfortable on his arm , like she thought she belonged there . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 sara answered . 
 ` are you there ? ' 
 but i could barely hear her . 
 my insides had fallen into a bottomless pit , and my throat had closed up . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 i dropped the phone and rushed to the bathroom , crashing the door against the wall , just in time to reach the toilet before expelling the contents of my stomach . 
 i broke out into a cold sweat , gripping the rim of the seat tightly as my entire body convulsed . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 meg 's soothing voice came from the open door of the bathroom . 
 ` are you okay ? ' 
 then i heard her say , ` she 's here , sara . 
 but she 's sick . ' 
 ` no , ' i coughed , shaking my head . 
 ` no , i 'm here . ' 
 i dropped the tissue that i 'd used to wipe my mouth into the toilet before closing the lid and flushing it . 
 i flopped onto the floor with my back against the wall , my muscles trembling as if i were sitting outside in the middle of a snowstorm . 
 ` let me talk to her . ' 
 i reached out my unsteady hand . 
 meg studied me for a moment , then stepped into the small bathroom and handed me her phone . 
 she did n't leave when i put it to my ear , opting to sit on the edge of the bathtub . 
 ` sara ? ' 
 i rasped , my throat raw . 
 ` i 'm so sorry . ' 
 i ran the back of my hand across my upper lip , clearing the ledge of sweat . 
 i could n't stop shaking . 
 my shirt was damp , and my hair was plastered to my face like i 'd just woken up from a nightmare . 
 but i was very much awake . 
 ` you saw , ' she whispered knowingly . 
 ` yeah , ' i returned quietly . ' 
 i wish i were there , with you . ' 
 ` me too , ' she whimpered . 
 my eyes blurred . 
 hot tears streaked down my cold , clammy skin . 
 ` but i 'm here . 
 i 'm not going anywhere . 
 just close your eyes , and it will be like i 'm right there next to you . 
 we 're facing each other , and i 'm holding your hand . 
 i 'm there , sara . ' ' 
 i do n't understand , ' she cried . ' 
 i do n't understand why he did n't tell me . 
 why did i have to see it in the f ** king newspaper ? ' 
 she released a scream full of anger and pain . 
 i remained silent . 
 ` he knew i 'd see it . 
 he knew how much it would kill me . ' 
 her voice cracked , and she broke into heart-crushing sobs . 
 i closed my eyes , and tears continued to cascade down my face . 
 i 'd almost forgotten meg was in the bathroom with me until i felt her hand in mine . 
 i laid my head on her shoulder and listened to sara cry . 
 my back ached from holding in my own sobs . 
 but i could n't do that to her . 
 she needed me . 
 i had to push away my pain so there was room enough for hers . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 she whispered . 
 ` i 'm still here , ' i answered softly . ' 
 i just do n't know what to say . ' 
 ` you do n't have to say anything , ' she replied , sniffling . 
 ` stay on the phone with me , okay ? ' 
 ` for as long as you need me , ' i promised . 
 'em ma , ' meg beckoned to me , pulling back my thin veil of sleep . 
 i blinked my eyes and realized i still had the phone to my ear , but it was quiet on the other end . 
 i sat up from meg 's lap and stretched . 
 my neck felt contorted and cramped . 
 ` sorry , ' i muttered . 
 ` it 's okay . ' 
 meg stretched her hands over her head and yawned . ' 
 i fell asleep too . ' 
 ` what time is it ? ' 
 i asked , slowly pushing myself off the bathroom floor . 
 ` almost seven , ' she groaned , standing too . 
 i handed back her phone . 
 ` i 'm going to bed . 
 em , will you be okay ? ' 
 i blinked at her through bleary , bloodshot eyes . 
 ` i 'm fine , ' i answered automatically , not giving myself a second to consider otherwise . 
 but i knew i was n't . 
 the acrid reminder still burned the back of my throat . 
 after dragging my feet to the bedroom , i picked up my phone from the floor and sent sara a text to call me whenever she needed . 
 then i climbed into my bed , pulled the blanket over me , and shut everything out until i was forced to face it again . 
 i picked up the phone on the first ring a couple of hours later . 
 before i could ask how she was , she hollered , ` he keeps calling me ! 
 what the fuck ?! ' 
 ` did you talk to him ? ' 
 i asked cautiously , struck by the venom in her tone . 
 ` hell no ! 
 he ca n't call me the day the announcement hits the papers and expect me to listen to an explanation . 
 fuck that ! 
 i 'm so pissed off , emma . 
 so , so pissed ! ' ' 
 i can hear that , ' i noted sympathetically . 
 ` and i understand . ' 
 she continued as if i had n't spoken . 
 i knew there were n't any words to console her . 
 she just needed me to listen , and that 's what i did , as helpless as that made me feel . 
 ` she 's some f ** king socialite from new york . 
 i do n't even think she went to college . 
 how pathetic is that ? 
 what the f ** k can he possibly see in her ? 
 i mean , she is , i guess , attractive or whatever , but what the hell ? 
 she has a jewellery line that she puts her name on and claims to be a designer . 
 yeah , right . 
 i ca n't f ** king believe that 's who he 's marrying ! 
 what the - ' her voice broke off , indicating she was receiving another call . 
 ` do you need to get that ? ' 
 i offered gently . 
 she hesitated . 
 ` omigod ! 
 he 's f ** king calling again . 
 i need to block his calls and emails , so i got ta go . 
 i 'll call you later . ' 
 and then she was gone . 
 her raging fit , coupled with my role as the mute bystander , left me exhausted . 
 i wanted her to feel better . 
 to go back to the exuberant , energetic person i loved like a sister . 
 sara was stronger than i was , so i had hope that she 'd recover from this . 
 but wanting something did n't always make it happen . 
 every choice had a consequence . 
 i 'd earned every aching beat that pounded in my chest . 
 emma ! 
 the sound of him calling me , lying battered and abandoned on the floor of my mother 's house , echoed within me . 
 i was the only one to blame for my desolation . 
 i looked down at my hands and flexed them . 
 they still trembled ever so slightly . 
 i closed my eyes , and the tears were there waiting , dammed by my lids . 
 i clenched my teeth and breathed in quick bursts , demanding the numbness to return . 
 'em , we 're going for a run , ' serena announced , poking her head in the door . 
 i opened my glassy eyes . 
 without reacting to my tortured expression , she calmly directed me , ` get dressed and come with us . ' 
 i did n't argue , knowing the run would be more therapeutic than sleep . 
 meg was in the hall , tying her running shoes , when i exited my room . 
 ` hey , ' she greeted with a comforting smile . 
 ` get any sleep ? ' 
 ` some , ' i responded . 
 she did n't mention the picture from the times , which was no longer on my computer screen . 
 i knew she 'd closed it . 
 just like i knew that either she or serena had picked up the photo that was missing from under my nightstand . 
 i was n't oblivious to their protective gestures , even if we never talked about them . 
 ` how 's sara ? ' 
 she asked . 
 ` lethal . 
 jared better hope he never bumps into her . ' 
 meg smiled , probably picturing sara in all her vengeance . 
 ` ready ? ' 
 peyton bounced out of her room , her blonde hair swinging in a ponytail . 
 ` yeah , ' meg and i answered in unison , following her as she hopped down the stairs . 
 serena and meg were quiet during our run . 
 i wondered if meg had told serena what happened , but i was n't about to ask . 
 peyton remained oblivious to the strained silence . 
 she proceeded to recap the fraternity party she 'd attended the night before , with detailed descriptions of how each room was decorated in a different book theme , with corresponding drinks . ' 
 i think i drank every book . ' 
 she laughed . ' 
 i mean drink . ' 
 ` shocking , ' serena scoffed . 
 peyton ignored her . 
 ` when are you going out with cole ? ' 
 peyton interrogated , jogging faster to catch up with my pace . 
 ` what ? ' 
 her voice was droning in my head like a rhythmic buzz . 
 ` what 's going on between you two ? 
 i never got to ask you , what happened when you met him at joe 's ? ' 
 ` umm ... nothing really , ' i said evasively . 
 ` it was ... nothing . ' 
 ` are you going to see him again ? ' 
 she pushed . ' 
 i ... uh ... ' i could n't form a sentence , forget about a thought . 
 i was concentrating on not collapsing and bursting into flames right there on the sidewalk . 
 ` are you ever going out with tom ? ' 
 meg intercepted . ' 
 i mean , you two have been flirting for forever . 
 does he even have your phone number ? ' 
 ` yes , ' peyton snapped . 
 ` he has my phone number . 
 we 're just ... taking our time . ' 
 i lengthened my stride and left them behind , pushing myself around the next corner until i was sprinting , needing to extinguish the inferno before it consumed the limited air i had left . 
 serena remained right behind me , her face set and determined . 
 this only drove me to push harder towards the house , now in sight . 
 my thighs screamed and my lungs burned . 
 i let up and slowed to a walk after passing our front steps . 
 serena was hunched over with her hands on her thighs , sweat dripping down her flushed face . 
 ` fuck , em , ' she panted . 
 ` that was intense . ' 
 i continued to walk around , taking long breaths , waiting for my heart rate to come down and the calm to take over . 
 i closed my lids ; the flames still danced beneath them , relentless , leaving me out of breath . 
 ` serena ? ' 
 i said , frantic for relief . 
 ` yeah ? ' 
 she sat on the bottom step with her elbows propped on the step behind her . 
 ` will you do something with me ? ' 
 she stood up . 
 ` anything . ' 
 ` will you go with me to get a tattoo ? ' 
 ` today ? ' 
 she asked , her eyes scrunching ever so slightly to inspect the smooth expression on my face . 
 ` yeah , ' i replied calmly . 
 i knew what i asked her was drastic , but i figured if anyone would understand , she would . 
 ` definitely . ' 
 she smiled brightly . ' 
 i would love to be there for your first tattoo . 
 maybe i 'll add one to my collection . ' 
 ` thanks . ' 
 after we 'd showered and changed , serena and i left for the tattoo parlour without saying anything to peyton or meg . 
 ` what are you going to get ? ' 
 she asked , the excitement dancing in her dark eyes . 
 her enthusiasm to be a part of this was exactly why i needed her to go with me . 
 i pulled the paper out of my pocket and handed her a drawing i 'd created about a year ago , when i was still fighting with the nightmares . 
 i had n't sketched it with thoughts of having it permanently inked on my body , but it seemed appropriate . 
 ` wow , ' she admired . 
 ` you drew this ? ' 
 i nodded . ' 
 i did n't know you could draw . 
 this is amazing , em . 
 but with all that delicate script , it 's going to take a while . 
 spider would be the best to do this . 
 where are you going to get it ? ' 
 ` here . ' 
 i gestured to my left side , above my hip . 
 she cringed . 
 ` that 's going to hurt like hell . ' 
 that 's what i was hoping . 
 i never made it to the alley to meet cole . 
 i probably should have called him , but i did n't . 
 and he did n't call me either . 
 7 worlds collide ` how are you feeling today ? ' 
 i asked sara a week after our meltdown . 
 when sara ended her relationship with jared the summer before she left for paris , i knew she 'd never expected him to move on , at least not like this . 
 ` fuck him . 
 he and his little skank can go to hell . 
 i do n't care any more . ' 
 ` um , okay . ' 
 i 'd spoken to sara every day since she 'd discovered the announcement . 
 she 'd explored every range of emotion during that time , and this bitterness was the closest she was going to come to acceptance . 
 i knew she did n't want to talk about it . 
 i could respect that . 
 ` so jean-luc and i are going to italy next week for break , ' sara revealed excitedly , as if we 'd previously been discussing the weather . 
 ` oh , okay , ' i responded , adjusting to the sudden change of conversation . 
 ` his friends have a place right on the water in this small village in southern italy , ' she continued . ' 
 i ca n't wait . 
 i need to get away from the city for a while . 
 does n't your quarter end in a couple of weeks ? 
 what are you doing during the break ? ' 
 ` uh , nothing . ' 
 ` are the girls going away ? ' 
 sara enquired . 
 ` yeah , i think so , ' i tried to recall . 
 ` serena 's going to florida with her sister . 
 meg just started dating some guy a few weeks ago , and he 's taking her to tahoe . 
 and i 'm not sure what peyton 's doing , but she 's going somewhere . ' 
 ` so , you 'll be by yourself ? ' 
 she confirmed . 
 ` yeah . ' 
 ` are you going to be okay ? ' 
 i knew she worried about me . 
 and i knew she and meg talked about me more than they led me to believe . 
 ` i 'll be fine , ' i responded without conviction . 
 the week of final exams for winter quarter , peyton let herself into my room and plopped down on my bed to announce , ` you 're going with me to santa barbara during break . ' 
 ` excuse me ? ' 
 i spun around in my chair . 
 ` why am i going with you to santa barbara ? ' 
 ` because i do n't want to stay in my aunt and uncle 's place alone , and you do n't have plans , so you 're coming with me . ' 
 ` you 're not asking me ? ' 
 i clarified , recognizing that it had all been discussed and decided . 
 ` nope . 
 we 're leaving after your last exam on thursday . ' 
 with that , peyton bounced off my bed and left my room . 
 i stared after her with a baffled look on my face . 
 this had to be sara 's doing . 
 ` have so much fun ! ' 
 meg gave me a hug before i ducked into the car . 
 ` and do n't let peyton drive you crazy , ' serena added with a taunting grin . 
 ` screw you , serena , ' peyton shot back , her voice overly sweet but laced with a bite . 
 ` do n't scare the little old ladies in florida , ' she sang before rolling up the window . 
 her smile beamed when serena flipped her off . 
 ` you two kill me , ' i laughed with a shake of my head . 
 ` whatever , ' peyton stated , driving away . 
 i plugged in my iphone and started scrolling through my music selection , finally settling on a playlist that i considered a compromise . 
 peyton and i preferred music at opposite ends of the spectrum . 
 she did n't complain , so i assumed she approved . ' 
 i know this is n't the wildest spring-break spot , but i 'm hoping we can find some decent parties , ' she said as she pulled onto the highway . 
 ` especially if it 's too cold to lay out on the beach . ' 
 ` i 'm sure you 'll find something to do . ' 
 ` no ... we will find something to do . 
 do n't think you 're getting out of partying that easily . ' 
 i saw it coming . 
 i knew she was going to expect me to go out with her . 
 i sighed . 
 a moment later , i asked , ` how do you do it ? ' 
 ` do what ? ' 
 she responded , obviously having no idea what was in my head . 
 ` party like you do , play soccer and still maintain your grades . 
 i mean , you 're pre-law . 
 you have to be doing well . ' 
 peyton chuckled . 
 'em ma , just because you do n't see me study , does n't mean i do n't . 
 you 're usually at the library anyway . 
 i do n't have a perfect grade point like you , but i have no doubt i 'll get into law school . 
 and it 's called balance . 
 ever heard of it ? ' ' 
 i may have heard of it . ' 
 ` seriously , em , i would die if i did n't let off some steam during the weekends . 
 i mean , soccer is what i do to help me stay focused , and we do n't get to go out ever during the season . 
 school is a necessity to get what i want in life . 
 so when i actually have free time , i want to have fun . 
 you do n't have to get wasted and be ridiculous . 
 this is college . 
 i know i keep saying that to you . 
 but when else will we get away with this ? 
 it 's the only time in our lives we are n't judged for f ** king up . 
 it 's expected . ' ' 
 i think i have the f ** king-up part perfected . ' 
 peyton laughed . 
 ` give me a chance , and i 'll show you a side to college life you have n't seen yet . 
 i know there 's a part of you that 's actually fun . ' 
 ` wow , ' i replied , feigning offence . 
 ` i 've always wondered why we 're friends . ' 
 ` because you can actually be pretty entertaining when you are n't being miserable . ' 
 ` that was rhetorical , peyton . 
 but thanks . ' 
 i shook my head at her unfiltered honesty . 
 a moment later i conceded , ` fine . 
 you have a week . ' 
 i should have felt anxious agreeing to be a pawn in peyton 's ` balanced ' world . 
 she was more dedicated to it than sara had been . 
 but then again , that was in high school , and sara had limitations called parents . 
 so maybe it was time i had some fun . 
 i did n't want to be miserable any more . 
 ` we 're going to a party tomorrow night , ' peyton declared the next morning , before i 'd even had a chance to have breakfast . 
 ` wow . 
 that was fast , ' i noted , searching the cabinets for a cereal bowl . 
 ` tom told me about this party that 's happening down the street from him , ' she continued . ' 
 i guess these guys throw the best parties , and the family 's loaded , so sometimes hundreds of people show up . ' 
 ` tom ? ' 
 i questioned . ' 
 i did n't know he was going to be here . ' 
 ` he got here his morning , ' she answered casually , ignoring the edge to my voice . 
 ` we 're going to dinner tonight . 
 it 's our first official date . ' 
 i ground my teeth , trying not to show i was bothered by this revelation . 
 ` where is he staying ? ' 
 ` in santa barbara , ' she answered , pulling a box of cereal out of the cabinet . 
 ` when the fog burns off , i want to get some sun . 
 i do n't care if it 's a little cold . 
 i can not go back to school without any colour . ' 
 we were staying in carpinteria , a beachfront town about fifteen minutes south of santa barbara . 
 peyton 's aunt and uncle had a quaint three-bedroom house two blocks from the state beach . 
 ` whatever . ' 
 being agitated with peyton was pointless , and too exhausting . 
 i now knew that tom was her motive for being here . 
 i 'd been dragged along as an obligation , but i was n't about to be the third wheel . 
 i 'd much rather sit around , look at the ocean and read for a week . 
 and that 's exactly what i did when peyton left for her date later that night . 
 we 'd braved the chilly temperatures on the beach for the afternoon and surprisingly walked away with pink cheeks and tan lines . 
 peyton was dedicated to sun worshipping , while i was fidgety , needing to get up and walk around every once in a while . 
 staying still for too long made the voices in my head restless , and that was the last thing i needed this week . 
 i received a text from peyton around midnight . 
 going to spend tonight at tom 's . 
 see you tomorrow ! 
 they 'd been flirting for forever , so i was n't surprised they 'd hit it off on the ` first date ' . 
 but i was surprised that she was already moving in . 
 i had a feeling that was the last i was going to see of her for a while . 
 at beach w tom . 
 see you at party later . 
 use my car . 
 wear a dress ! 
 was the text i woke up to . 
 i do n't own a dress ! 
 i responded . 
 i have plenty . 
 wear what you want . 
 you will be at this party or i will find you !! 
 it looked like i was going to the party after all , but ... i was not wearing a dress . 
 peyton texted me the address and then disappeared for the day . 
 i flipped through her closet , only to find form-fitting or barely-covering-my-butt dresses . 
 since i 'd vowed to try to have a good time , i decided to drive to santa barbara to search the local shops for something that i could actually wear . 
 i inspected the reflection of the girl in the full-length mirror . 
 the white capris with the colourful embroidered halter top were fun and summery , even though it was not technically summer . 
 the outfit highlighted the colour i 'd picked up the past two days on the beach . 
 i liked it . 
 liner accented the almond shape of my eyes , which were dusted with a soft neutral shimmer . 
 i applied a layer of gloss on my lips and grinned at the feminine girl in the mirror . 
 a complete contrast to the one who typically wore t-shirts and jeans and refused to mess with make-up . 
 pleased with myself , i grabbed my light blue cardigan , scooped up the keys to the mustang and headed out the door . 
 i 'd spent the entire day mentally preparing for this . 
 these people did n't know me . 
 i could be a fun , outgoing girl , and maybe even talk to people . 
 i could fake it for just one night . 
 what did i have to lose ? 
 i parked along the car-lined street and looked at myself one more time in the mirror above the visor . 
 i connected with the brown eyes looking back at me . 
 ` okay , em . 
 you can do this . 
 you 're going to have a good time . 
 deep breath . ' 
 i flipped up the visor and inhaled , filling my lungs , and then exhaled quickly . 
 i got out of the car and started walking towards the music with the droves of other partygoers , shifting my shoulders back , trying to appear confident - like i did this all the time . 
 on the inside my heart was pounding frantically and i was afraid i might start sweating . 
 as i neared the door , a group of girls stood in front of me on the sidewalk . 
 i slipped in behind them , smiling like whatever they were saying was funny . 
 they gawked at the large home . 
 but i was unfazed by its grandeur , having seen similar houses where i grew up in connecticut . 
 there was way too much giggling within this group of girls . 
 i was n't that good at faking it . 
 so i headed downstairs while they continued into the open great room , their necks twisted awkwardly to take in the epic scale of the space . 
 i followed the hallway past several closed doors until i entered a game room . 
 it had the essentials all wealthy families seemed to have - pool table , foosball , large flat-screen suspended on the wall with an assortment of gaming equipment beneath . 
 i went out the sliding glass doors and stepped out onto a patio that was crowded with even more people . 
 upbeat music echoed from speakers set around the pool , tiki torches blazed along the perimeter and i caught a glimpse of a bar on the other side of the patio . 
 i eyed the plastic-cup-carrying multitude of scantily dressed girls - skin on display despite the chilly night - trying to locate peyton among the blondes . 
 but this was california , so that was a daunting task . 
 i pulled out my phone to text her but could n't send ; the estate , carved into the hills with the ocean in the distance below , apparently had made my cell signal sketchy . 
 instead of searching for the right spot to send the text , i headed towards the bar in hope of spotting peyton . 
 a guy in a multicoloured tropical shirt stood behind it . 
 he paused a second after handing a beer bottle to the guy in front of me . 
 i stepped up to the bar and looked behind me , confused by the recognition that flashed across his face . 
 when i turned back towards him , he produced a charming smile and asked , ` what can i get you ? ' 
 ` vodka with something , ' i requested . 
 not expert enough to know what i liked , i decided to fall back on my mother 's liquor of choice . ' 
 i can do that . ' 
 he began scooping ice from a bucket . 
 ` who do you know here ? ' 
 ` no one , ' i answered , fidgeting awkwardly . 
 he kept looking at me with this ridiculous grin , like he knew an inside joke that i was n't privy to . 
 ` i 'm supposed to meet a friend , but i have n't seen her yet . ' 
 ` well , i 'm brent , ' he stated , holding out his hand for me to shake . 
 ` this is my friend 's place . 
 i 'm staying here with him and a few other guys for the weekend . ' 
 he handed me the drink . 
 ` i 'm emma . 
 and now i know you . 
 so if anyone asks , i 'll tell them that you and i are friends . ' 
 ` we are friends , ' he replied adamantly , as if this was a known truth . 
 i wrinkled my brow at his peculiar answer . ' 
 i think i 'm going to go find my other friend , ' i told him , glancing around the pool . 
 i took a sip of the clear bubbly drink with a lime floating in it . 
 it did n't taste bad . 
 i turned back towards brent and asked , ` what am i drinking ? ' 
 ` vodka soda . 
 i kept it simple , ' he answered while preparing a drink for a girl leaning against the bar . ' 
 i did n't figure you for the supersweet girly-drink kind of girl . ' 
 ` good call , ' i noted with a small laugh . ' 
 i will talk to you later . 
 i 'm not at the bar all night . 
 we need to catch up , since i have n't seen you in ... ever , ' he stated with a gleaming smile . 
 i nodded and could n't help but smile in return before walking towards the stairs . 
 'em ma ! ' 
 i heard my name above the noise as i was midway up the steps . 
 i tried to turn around , but was forced to keep moving up , caught in the line of people going into the house . 
 i looked over the railing and spotted peyton waving frantically below . 
 ` i 'll come up ! ' 
 i moved to the corner of the large upper deck to wait for her . 
 ` how long have you been here ? ' 
 she asked when she finally made it to the top of the stairs . 
 ` not long , ' i told her . 
 ` this party is pretty huge . ' 
 the crowd continued to grow around the pool , and inside it was packed with people dancing . ' 
 i know , right ? ' 
 she responded . 
 ` you look amazing . ' 
 i smiled uncomfortably . 
 ` but ... that 's not a dress . ' ' 
 i do n't wear dresses , ' i told her . 
 ` where 's tom ? ' 
 ` getting us drinks . ' 
 she nodded towards the bar on the patio , but it was difficult to spot him from the aerial view . 
 however , she seemed to know exactly where he was . 
 her gaze lingered and her lips drew up dreamily . ' 
 i take it you had a great date . ' 
 ` you have no idea , ' she gushed . 
 then she waved , and i saw him nod his head in our direction . 
 tom handed peyton a drink when he joined us and slid his arm around her shoulder . 
 peyton nestled into him , her arm snug around his waist . 
 i tried to act casual , but the amorous energy they were emitting was making me uncomfortable . 
 ` so ... tom , i heard you 're staying in santa barbara , ' i finally said , feeling like i should say something to distract from the awkwardness . 
 his eyes twitched slightly , and he looked down at peyton . 
 i heard her mumble , ' i did n't tell her . ' 
 i stared at peyton , silently demanding her to spill whatever she was keeping from me . 
 ` yeah , ' tom answered hesitantly . 
 ` the place is right down the street from here . 
 the house is n't very big , but it 's right on the beach . 
 it 's pretty sweet . ' 
 ` great , ' i forced , still watching peyton , who refused to look at me . 
 then i heard , ` you 've got to be f ** king kidding me . ' 
 i looked past tom , and there stood cole , staring at me in disbelief . 
 shit . 
 i could n't speak . 
 my eyes shifted from cole to peyton , who still refused to look at me . 
 i downed the last gulp in my cup and announced , ' i think i need another drink , ' quickly slipping into the house . 
 after navigating my way through gyrating h * ps and flinging hair , i arrived at a bar on the far side of the cleared-out living room . 
 the bartender at this bar wore a blue tropical shirt . 
 his brown hair was full of dreads and pulled back into a low ponytail . 
 he scanned me casually , and his mouth tightened into a subtle smile . 
 i was beginning to wonder if i had something stuck to my face . 
 ` can i get you a drink ? ' 
 he offered . 
 i requested the same concoction that brent had prepared ; then he asked the question of the night : ` who do you know here ? ' 
 ` brent , ' i answered automatically . 
 ` really ? ' 
 he handed me the drink . 
 ` yeah , we 're friends , ' i continued , the side of my mouth quirking up slightly . 
 ` you do look familiar , ' he noted with a deliberating nod . 
 i thought he was playing along , but he really looked like he knew me , which threw me off . 
 ` what 's your name ? ' 
 ` ren , ' he told me , continuing to examine me , probably mentally rolling through the list of brent 's friends , searching for my face . 
 ` you do know me , do n't you ? ' 
 i teased , hoping to confuse him more . ' 
 i do actually , ' he said sincerely . 
 before he could continue , an overly excited group of girls approached the bar , demanding shots . 
 i slipped out of the way , through the crowd and onto the deck . 
 i considered avoiding cole all night , but knew the universe was just too cruel and we were going to keep bumping into each other if i tried to stay away . 
 so i thought if i approached him , he 'd leave and i could resume faking my good time . 
 i stood next to him as he leaned against the railing , looking out at the ocean in the distance . 
 he refused to acknowledge me , but he did n't leave either . ' 
 i have n't gone skinny-dipping yet , ' i announced , leaning my forearms against the rail next to him . 
 ` you 'd better get to it , ' he snapped , still not looking at me . 
 ` the year 's slipping away . ' 
 he gripped the cup tightly in his hand , as if he was about to crush it . 
 i considered walking away . 
 and i probably should have . 
 but i did n't . 
 ` it 's not even april , ' i contradicted . 
 he shrugged . 
 we stood in silence for a moment . 
 i sipped my drink and waited . 
 and then ... ` what the hell , emma ! 
 why are you even talking to me ? 
 you obviously do n't give a shit . 
 so why do n't you go torture someone else and make them feel like a jackass . ' 
 his angry rush of words startled me , and i swallowed each one whole , letting them sink like rocks in my stomach . 
 i deserved every one of them . 
 so i accepted his ire without blinking . 
 ` do you want a drink ? ' 
 i offered . 
 ` the bartender by the pool is a friend of mine . 
 he makes a mean vodka soda . ' 
 cole stared at me in disbelief . ' 
 i do n't understand you . ' 
 he shook his head , still staring . 
 after a moment of silence he caved . 
 ` yeah . 
 i 'll get a drink . 
 god knows i 'm going to need one with you around . ' 
 ` i 'll take that as a twisted compliment . ' 
 i smirked and led the way down the stairs . 
 the bar by the pool had a new guy attending it . 
 he had dirty blond hair that was neatly trimmed , combed forward and stylishly pushed up in the front . 
 he was sporting a red hawaiian shirt , evidently this was the dress code for the guys staying at the house . 
 when i approached , his eyes narrowed in recognition . 
 i was beginning to get a little freaked out . 
 ` hi , ' he said cautiously . 
 ` you 're emma , right ? ' 
 ` yeah , ' i replied , assuming that brent had said something to him when he took over the bar . 
 ` and you are ? ' 
 ` nate . ' 
 he raised his eyebrows in expectation . 
 he was waiting for me to react , but i had no idea what i was supposed to be reacting to . 
 i held up my hands , at a complete loss . 
 ` wait . 
 are you guys messing with me ? ' 
 i accused , concluding i must be the victim of an inside joke . 
 ` did brent tell you and ren to give me a hard time or something ? ' 
 ` no , ' nate said , appearing confused . 
 ` you do n't know who i am ? 
 but you 're emma thomas , right ? ' 
 the fact that he knew my last name alarmed me . 
 ` yeah , i am . 
 why ? 
 should i know you ? ' 
 i asked , studying his face more closely . 
 i glanced over at cole , who was observing the exchange curiously . 
 nate did n't seem to care that there was a line of thirsty people piling up behind me . 
 ` no way ! ' 
 a guy with shaggy blond hair approached . 
 nate gave him a warning glare , but he did n't pay any attention . 
 he was too focused on me . 
 now i was beyond freaked out . 
 i did n't like this game any more . 
 'em ma ! 
 you really are here ! ' 
 i remained still , glancing from this guy to nate and back again . 
 ` come on , tj , ' nate implored . 
 ` do n't do it , man . 
 leave it alone . ' 
 ` what 's going on ? ' 
 i demanded quietly . 
 i could sense cole behind me , but he did n't say a word . 
 ` you 're emma thomas ? 
 evan 's emma ? ' 
 tj laughed in disbelief . 
 i could n't speak . 
 i flipped my eyes towards nate , who grimaced in apology . 
 ` he was just here over his break , ' tj chuckled , not understanding what was happening in front of him . 
 ` seriously , he left last weekend . 
 that is so crazy . ' 
 these were his friends . 
 his california friends he went to school with when he lived in san francisco . 
 the friends he went on trips with during breaks . 
 i ran my eyes over nate 's face , allowing it to all click into place . 
 and this was nate . 
 his best friend . 
 and this was the place where he 'd planned to take me when he wanted to leave together our junior year . 
 my knees felt like they were going to buckle . 
 i grabbed the edge of the bar for support . 
 ` can i have a shot ? ' 
 i choked . 
 tj started helping the other patrons , who were becoming irritated . 
 i was in the way of their good time . 
 ` sure , ' nate replied , watching me carefully , like i might combust in front of his eyes . 
 ` what do you want ? ' 
 ` it does n't matter , ' i answered , having difficulty breathing . 
 i tried to hold it together so nate would n't see what was erupting on the inside . 
 ` and can you fill this up again - vodka and soda ? ' 
 ` okay , ' he agreed , nodding slowly . 
 he searched the bottles in front of him . 
 ` uh , looks like i 'm out of soda . ' 
 ` just vodka works , ' i muttered , trying to swallow . 
 he handed me a plastic shot glass filled with a clear liquor and placed a lime on a napkin . 
 the smell of it made my mouth salivate . 
 ` what 's this ? ' 
 ` tequila , ' he answered slowly , like he was surprised i did n't know . 
 i swallowed the liquor and bit into the lime , with a shudder . 
 ` thanks . ' 
 i took the cup and walked away , my knees quaking beneath me . 
 i knew cole and nate were watching me . 
 i started hyperventilating now that my back was to them . 
 but no matter how quickly i drew in air , i was suffocating . 
 i feared that i would n't be able to gain control over the burning pain , and i could n't lose it here . 
 i needed to calm the f ** k down . 
 fast . 
 i pushed my way up the stairs and into the house , bumping into people dancing , annoying everyone in my path until i arrived at the second bar . 
 ` hi , brent , ' i greeted . 
 he produced a dazzling smile . 
 'em ma , my friend ! 
 how are you doing ? ' 
 ` great , ' i answered . 
 ` can i have a shot ? 
 actually , would you like to do one with me ? ' 
 ` sure , ' he accepted emphatically . 
 ` what did you have in mind ? ' 
 ` your call . ' 
 i tried to maintain a smile . 
 wanting to keep up my casual appearance , i took a sip of my drink , but was unable to hide the tremor that sloshed the vodka around as i raised the cup to my mouth . 
 brent selected tequila as nate had done , and poured us each a shot . 
 he raised the plastic shot glass and toasted , ` to friendship . ' 
 i swallowed it down without hesitation , sinking my teeth into the lime immediately afterwards to contain the cringing . 
 ` how about one more ? ' 
 he raised his eyebrows at my request , then shrugged . 
 ` sure . 
 why not ? ' 
 this time , i raised my cup and toasted , ` to yesterday . ' 
 his eyes flickered in confusion , but he did n't ask . 
 i would n't have explained if he had . 
 i tried to suppress the shudder as the tequila passed down my throat . 
 ` thanks , brent . 
 i 'll talk to you later . ' 
 ` wait , ' he called after me . 
 but i kept walking like i did n't hear him . 
 cole was standing on the deck with a drink in each hand . 
 he offered one of the cups to me without saying anything . 
 we stood on the deck , watching the people below for a few songs . 
 ` are you going to be all right ? ' 
 he finally asked . 
 i shook my head . 
 he continued to stand by me in silence , glancing at me every so often without a word . 
 i concentrated on breathing , dumping the contents of the cup he 'd given to me into the one i already had . 
 i took slow sips and waited . 
 and then my head began to swirl , and the numbness settled in over the winding fire . 
 i closed my eyes , inviting the induced calm . 
 'em ma ! ' 
 peyton called to me , making me spin around , which was not such a good idea . 
 i steadied myself with a hand on the railing . 
 she eyed cole next to me and grinned widely , probably figuring we were talking again . 
 which technically was n't true . 
 ` peyton ! ' 
 i hollered in return and grappled her into a hug . 
 ` are you drunk ? ' 
 peyton accused in shock . ' 
 i hope so , ' i responded , breathing deep through my nose , savouring the hum of nothingness . 
 ` did you do this ? ' 
 peyton asked cole . 
 ` nope . ' 
 he shook his head , holding up his hands in defence . 
 ` well , do n't do anything stupid , ' peyton advised . 
 ` we 're getting another drink . 
 come find me . ' 
 and just like that , she disappeared . 
 ` where are you going ? ' 
 cole called after her , but she was already lost in the crowd . 
 ` you do n't need to babysit me . ' 
 i looked up at him . ' 
 i think i need another drink anyway . ' 
 i looked down at my cup , which was still half full . 
 ` really , ' cole challenged . 
 ` yup . ' 
 i put the cup to my lips and drained the rest . 
 ` see ? ' 
 i tipped it towards him . 
 cole took a step to follow me as i started towards the inside bar . 
 i turned to tell him not to come with me , but my ankle faltered slightly . 
 i still was n't used to heels , even if they were wedges . 
 ` stupid shoes . ' 
 i bent down to try to unstrap them , but stumbled . 
 ` need help ? ' 
 he offered . 
 before i could answer , he squatted in front of me and unbuckled the sandals . 
 i stepped out of them , relieved to have my feet flat on the ground . 
 he stood up with the sandals swinging from his fingers . 
 he looked so tall , all of a sudden . 
 ` wow , ' i gawked . 
 ` you grew . ' 
 ` or you shrunk , ' he replied with a crooked grin . 
 ` let 's go . ' 
 he nodded towards the house . 
 i turned and examined the obstacle course between the deck and the bar across the room . 
 there was a lot of movement with the dancing and arms swaying - it was going to take a lot of concentration . 
 i took a deep breath in preparation . 
 cole grabbed my hand , and i looked up at him in surprise . 
 ` you look like you could use some help . ' 
 ` yes , that i do . 
 i definitely need help . ' 
 cole escorted me through the obstacles without incident , and i emerged on the other side unscathed . 
 i considered raising my arms in victory , but he still had my hand , and i did n't think he would join me . 
 'em ma ! ' 
 tj hollered joyously when he spotted me . 
 ` tj ! ' 
 i returned enthusiastically . 
 his expression changed , and he appeared perplexed . 
 ` are you leaving ? ' 
 without my realizing it , cole had directed us towards the front door . 
 ` see you later , tj , ' cole said to him , opening the door for me to pass through . 
 ` we 're leaving ? ' 
 i questioned in confusion , as tj said , ` later , cole . ' 
 that 's when i picked up on it . 
 ` wait . 
 you know them ? ' 
 ` yes . 
 and yes , ' cole responded patiently as we continued along the walkway to the street . 
 ` my dad has a house down the road . ' 
 ` you 've got to be kidding me , ' i griped , frustration pushing through the calm . 
 why was this happening to me ? 
 this had to be a sick and twisted joke . 
 ` of course you know them ! 
 of course i had to come to this party . 
 you probably know him too , right ? ' 
 ` you mean - ' he opened his mouth to say his name and stopped when i cut him down with my glare . 
 ` i 've met him . ' 
 i screamed up at the sky , ` fuck you , karma ! ' 
 but i could n't yell and walk at the same time , so i stopped . 
 cole looked on in baffled amusement . 
 ` fucking stupid karma , ' i grumbled under my breath with my arms crossed . 
 ` you 're seriously pissed off ? ' 
 he chuckled . 
 ` shut up , cole , ' i snapped . 
 ` fucking karma . ' 
 ` you 'd better stop telling karma off , or she 's going to kick your ass . ' 
 he laughed . 
 ` oh , she can bring it . 
 come on ! ' 
 i screamed at the stars . 
 ` give me everything you 've got ! ' 
 the corner of cole 's lip rose . 
 ` okay , champ . 
 calm down . ' 
 i suddenly felt drained . 
 with my shoulders curved forward , i sat down on the side of the street . 
 ` what are you doing ? ' 
 cole enquired , towering over me . 
 ` i 'm tired , ' i moaned , drawing up my knees and plopping my head down on my folded arms . 
 ` come on , ' cole encouraged , offering me his hand . 
 ` we 're almost there . 
 and then you can pass out . ' 
 i took his hand , and he lifted me from the ground . 
 my footing faltered , and i grabbed on to his arm . 
 i continued walking with my head slumped against him , holding myself up with his arm . 
 i was so tired ... and dizzy . 
 the ground would n't stay still , and it was messing with me . 
 i bit my lip , concentrating . 
 then i realized i could n't feel my lip , which made me think of kissing . 
 ` cole ? ' 
 ` yes , emma . ' 
 ` will you kiss me ? ' 
 ` uh , no , ' he responded bluntly . 
 ` but i want to know if you can feel my lips , ' i urged impatiently . 
 ` still , no . 
 i 'm not kissing you . ' 
 ` why ? ' 
 i sulked . 
 there was silence for a minute . 
 then he said , ` because i 'm not even sure i like you . ' 
 ` good reason , ' i noted sleepily . 
 ` but you do n't have to like me . 
 you just have to kiss me . 
 i ca n't feel my lips . ' 
 ` stop biting them , ' he instructed . 
 i blinked heavily and noticed we were walking towards a house . 
 ` cole ? ' 
 ` yes , emma . ' 
 ` i 'm sorry i 'm a bitch . ' 
 he took out a key and unlocked the door . 
 i was having a hard time holding my body upright . 
 ` and i 'm sorry you do n't like me . ' 
 he opened the door . 
 ` there 's a spare - ' but i was already moving towards the couch that i 'd zoned in on when he 'd opened the door . 
 i fell on it with a heavy sigh and let the world spin me to sleep . 
 8 capturing the silence i moaned as the sound of metal clanging reverberated through my head . 
 ` sorry , ' i heard a male voice say . 
 fuck ! 
 i squeezed my eyes shut and ran my hands along my h * ps - exhaling with relief when i felt fabric . 
 peeking out from under my lashes , my face pressed against a pillow , i noted a blue fuzzy blanket laid over me . 
 beyond the foot of the couch was an open kitchen , and him , with his back to me . 
 the taste of tequila still lingered in my mouth - probably seeping through my pores as well . 
 i pushed myself up to sit , expecting pain , but it did n't come . 
 instead a swirl rocked me . 
 i blinked , trying to focus . 
 the stark white room forced me to squint against the intense brightness . 
 ` hey , ' cole greeted me , busy with something in the kitchen . 
 ` hungover ? ' 
 ` no , ' i rasped , running my fingers through my hair , feeling one side all pushed up . 
 i attempted to smooth it down and tuck it behind my ear . ' 
 i think i 'm still drunk . ' 
 cole chuckled . ' 
 i would n't doubt it . 
 i 'm making pancakes , if you want some . ' 
 i looked around the small open space , with its wall of shelves filled with books , pictures , boxes and ocean paraphernalia . 
 there was an oversized beige chair , complementing the couch i had awoken on . 
 behind the couch was a square wooden table with a couple of chairs . 
 the kitchen was separated by a peninsula that had three wooden stools pushed against it . 
 i stood up and shuffled over to the sliding glass doors to admire the ocean view , then opened the door and walked out onto the wooden deck . 
 the clouds hung low over the water , casting gloom over the barely visible islands that lay in the distance . 
 wrapping my arms across my chest , i braced myself against the chill of the breeze . 
 i closed my eyes and breathed in the damp air , settling the dizziness . 
 cole stepped out and stood beside me , placing his hands on the railing , watching the seagulls flying across the water before landing on the beach , scouring for food . 
 ` crappy day , ' he observed , glancing at me . 
 i turned towards him , blinking lazily through the clouds in my head . 
 ` feels like me , ' i groaned , earning a grin . 
 he went back inside while i continued to stare out at the dark water . 
 there was something inviting about the rhythmic surf intermingling with the grey sky . 
 i wanted to float along its surface , breathe in the mist . 
 when i looked back into the house and saw that cole was preoccupied with cooking , i crept down the steps , easing over the rocks that were smooth and cool under my bare feet , until i reached the coarse sandy beach . 
 the bordering houses were dark and seemingly unoccupied . 
 i stared out at the water , and my heart convulsed . 
 i took one more glance at the house without seeing a sign of cole . 
 releasing a settling breath , i slipped out of my capris and peeled off my top , dropping them on the sand along with my bra and underwear . 
 before i could change my mind , i waded into the frigid water until it pushed up against my thighs and dived beneath an oncoming wave . 
 i broke the surface , gasping at the freezing cold water . 
 a wave crested above my head , and i ducked under it , re-emerging on the other side . 
 all around me the fog was thick , blending the surrounding houses into the shadows . 
 i lay back on the rolling surface and kicked my feet , pushing further away from shore . 
 my thoughts were quiet as the water lapped around my ears , dissolving the world around me . 
 the buzz in my head was replaced with a calming hush . 
 nothing mattered . 
 some rational part of me knew i needed to get back before the water sucked me under - but i stayed on the surface a little longer , not wanting to give up the stillness . 
 i tried to imagine what it would be like to let it swallow me up , and surrender to the silence forever . 
 with a quivering inhale , i slipped under the water . 
 a wave captured me and pushed me to shore . 
 i broke through the surface and inhaled the cool air , filling my lungs . 
 i continued to glide towards shore with the waves , until my knees scraped along the sand . 
 ` are you insane ? ' 
 peyton scolded , standing on the beach , holding a towel in her hands . 
 ` your lips are purple , and you 're nak * d . 
 what the hell are you thinking ? ' 
 i glanced around before i stood up , making sure it was just the two of us . 
 ` right now ? ' 
 i paused . 
 ` nothing . ' 
 then i smirked , which irritated her more . 
 i took the oversized beach towel from her and wrapped it around my shivering body . 
 even with the towel , my muscles were rigid , aching with cold . 
 peyton picked up my clothes when we approached them . ' 
 i brought your bag , so you can put something dry and warm on , ' she explained . 
 ` you brought my bag ? ' 
 i looked over at her , and she averted her eyes . ' 
 i was hoping you could stay here and let tom and i have some time alone for a day or two , ' she replied sheepishly . 
 i raised my eyebrows . 
 ` cole does n't mind , despite how strange you 're being . ' 
 ` he thinks i 'm being strange ? ' 
 i enquired curiously . 
 ` no , but i do . 
 he just said that you were trying `` something new '' and handed me a towel . ' 
 i laughed . 
 before we entered the house , peyton stopped me to make certain i had covered everything i needed to cover , since tom was sitting on the couch . 
 i rolled my eyes , and brushed past her into the house . 
 ` your bag is in the bedroom on the right , ' peyton informed me . 
 tom asked , ` how 's the water ? ' 
 as i passed behind the couch . 
 ` shut up , tom , ' peyton snapped . 
 cole was leaning against the counter , watching me . 
 i glanced at him , and my mouth shaped into a subtle grin as i entered the bedroom and shut the door . 
 i stayed under the shower 's hot stream until i finally defrosted . 
 my grogginess had dissolved in the waves . 
 i took a deep breath , satisfied with the invigorating clarity the experience had unleashed . 
 when i walked into the kitchen , dressed and with dry hair , i could feel my skin glowing . 
 ` hungry ? ' 
 cole asked as i seated myself at the island . 
 ` starving . ' 
 he set a huge plate of pancakes in front of me . 
 i looked around the small space and realized we were alone . 
 ` where 's peyton and tom ? ' 
 ` they went back to her place , ' he answered , washing a bowl in the sink . 
 ` was it everything you expected ? ' 
 cole glanced back with a gleam in his eye . 
 i swallowed a mouthful of pancakes . 
 ` what 's that ? ' 
 ` skinny-dipping . ' 
 i shifted uncomfortably on the stool . 
 ` it was better , ' i replied softly . 
 i heard him release a breathy laugh without turning around . 
 cole selected some music and disappeared into his room to shower . 
 the fog had thickened outside . 
 i was suddenly very aware that i was going to be spending the entire day with cole in this house ... alone . 
 i looked around and realized there was n't a television , so i considered shutting myself in the spare bedroom to read all day . 
 that 's when i noticed the boxes of puzzles stacked on one of the shelves . 
 i 'd never done a puzzle before , and i was intrigued by the thought . 
 it seemed like a thousand pieces would be distracting enough . 
 i would n't have to think about anything other than finding the right ones to fit together . 
 i chose a box with a scenic mountainscape and sat down , pulling the coffee table until it was flush against the couch and spreading the pieces out before me . 
 cole emerged from his room smelling like a cool breeze , his wet blond hair swept back , like he 'd just run his fingers through it to style it . 
 i shifted my eyes down when he caught me looking at him and continued flipping the pieces picture-side up . ' 
 i have n't done a puzzle in years , ' cole said , standing beside me and picking up the box cover . 
 ` i 've never done one , ' i admitted without looking at him . 
 ` really ? ' 
 he sounded surprised . 
 ` want help ? 
 or do you feel like putting together a thousand pieces all by yourself ? ' 
 ` you can help if you want . ' 
 cole settled in on the cushion next to me with his legs crossed . 
 he began separating the edge pieces from the middle pieces . 
 when he leaned forward , his knee brushed my thigh , sending a shiver along my skin . 
 suddenly i was n't sure if this was such a good idea . 
 ` you okay ? ' 
 cole asked , noticing my stiffened posture . 
 ` uh , yeah . ' 
 i choked , coughing to clear my throat . 
 ` want something to drink ? ' 
 he stood on the cushion and jumped over the back of the couch , so he would n't disturb the coffee table . 
 ` sure , ' i replied , taking the opportunity to shift further away from his side . 
 ` whatever you have is fine . ' 
 ` coke ? ' 
 he offered . 
 i nodded without looking , concentrating on sorting through the pieces . 
 with the fog veiling the ocean , we spent the afternoon shrouded in silence except for the music filling the room . 
 we slid pieces around the table , working in unison without an utterance of communication . 
 i was very aware of his every move . 
 heat floated off him when he reached across the space between us , his long , slender fingers connecting pieces , pausing to press the edge of one against his full lips as his eyes narrowed in contemplation , searching for its placement . 
 the skin along my arm hummed when he 'd brush against it , reaching around and over my hands as we shuffled through the pieces . 
 ` hungry ? ' 
 his voice broke the stillness , making me jump . 
 ` uh , yeah , i could eat . ' 
 i raised my arms over my head . 
 my back was stiff from being hunched over for hours . 
 cole eased the table away and stood , stretching as well . 
 his shirt crept up to reveal a hint of the defined muscle beneath . 
 i caught myself and turned my head . 
 i had done so well avoiding him , convincing myself i was n't interested in him , that i could n't be interested in him . 
 but here i was , trapped in this house with him , and i was about ready to pass out from trying to control my involuntary responses . 
 i needed to call peyton and get the hell out of here . 
 ` okay ? ' 
 cole asked , pulling me from my escape plan . 
 ` huh ? ' 
 i shot my head up , not certain what he 'd said . ' 
 i asked if mexican was okay ? ' 
 he paused to study me . 
 ` are you sure you 're all right ? 
 are you hungover or something ? ' 
 ` no , i guess i 'm just a little dazed from staring at the puzzle all afternoon . 
 sorry . 
 mexican 's great . ' 
 i went into the spare-bedroom bathroom to splash cold water over my face and give myself a moment to pull it together . 
 then i found my phone and sent peyton a text . 
 ca n't stay here . 
 come get me . 
 she responded shortly after . 
 why ? 
 are you fighting ? 
 no come on , emma . 
 one night . 
 please !!!! i glared at her response and clenched my teeth in frustration . 
 one night . 
 that 's it . 
 come get me in morning . 
 thanks !! 
 appeared on my screen . 
 i sat down on the bed , running my fingers through my hair . 
 maybe i should go to bed early . 
 like right after we returned from dinner . 
 which brought on a new onslaught of dread . 
 what the hell was i going to talk to him about during dinner ? 
 ` ready ? ' 
 cole called from the living room . 
 i blew out a deep breath . 
 ` yup . ' 
 ` so ... you have four sisters , right ? ' 
 i asked after we 'd placed our orders , hoping this would let him know that i was open to conversation . 
 there was no way i could sit across from him in silence while we ate . 
 ` yeah , ' he confirmed . 
 he was quiet a minute , and then realized i was waiting for him to continue . 
 he appeared ... relieved . 
 ` missy is the oldest . 
 she 's twenty-seven . 
 then kara is twenty-five . 
 liv is twenty , and zoe is sixteen . 
 yup , five girls , plus my dad and me - it was very ... dramatic . 
 ` but everyone 's all over the place now . 
 zoe 's with my mom in seattle . 
 liv goes to florida state . 
 kara 's in oakland . 
 missy 's in dc , and my dad 's in san diego . ' 
 ` all over the place , ' i confirmed . 
 he nodded . 
 i prepared myself for questions about my family . 
 ` who 's your closest friend ? ' 
 not what i was expecting . 
 ` sara , ' i answered easily . 
 ` she 's in paris right now as part of an exchange programme with parsons in new york . 
 but she 's like an extension of me , more important than a vital organ . ' 
 ` wow . 
 that 's close , ' he noted with a rise of his eyebrows . 
 ` does she ever make it out to california ? ' 
 ` every break , except now that she 's so far away . 
 but she 'll be here in may for the summer . ' 
 he continued to describe his family , painting their charms and quirks so vividly that i could almost picture his sisters in my head . 
 and i talked about sara in so much detail that i could almost hear her voice . 
 i missed her . 
 ` so liv decided one day that she would be a vegetarian , ' cole shared on the drive home , ` except when we went to her favourite restaurants . 
 and since my dad does n't cook , we ate out all the time , so every restaurant became her favourite , and essentially she is n't a vegetarian . 
 but if you ever meet her , she 'll say she 's a vegetarian , and she 'll give me crap for being insensitive if i do n't mention it . ' 
 i laughed , thinking i would like this girl if i ever did meet her . 
 we 'd spent two hours at the restaurant , talking . 
 i eyed the door of the house warily , my nerves twisting - because i actually liked talking to cole . 
 and worse than that , i liked him . 
 and that could n't happen . 
 i wondered why he never asked me about my family . 
 or about my behaviour at the party the night before . 
 but i felt like i owed him some sort of an explanation , especially since he had escorted my drunk ass home . 
 ` i 'm sorry about last night , ' i blurted out as he set his keys on the kitchen table . ' 
 i was - ' ` coping , ' he finished for me . 
 i laughed softly at his choice of verb . 
 ` you do n't have to explain . 
 i kind of figured it out . ' 
 ` oh , so you were listening , ' i teased , recalling his self-proclaimed talent . ' 
 i was , ' he confirmed without embarrassment . 
 ` and yeah . 
 i got it . 
 no worries . ' ' 
 i should probably fine-tune my coping skills and not resort to shots . ' 
 ` that 'd probably be in your best interest . ' 
 he chuckled . 
 ` well ... thanks again for putting up with me , ' i replied seriously , meeting his translucent blue eyes . 
 ` you were n't that bad , ' he responded , not looking away . 
 lingering a little too long . 
 ` um , ' i said suddenly , breaking the connection and forcing a stretch . 
 ` dreary days make me tired . 
 i think i 'll go to bed early and read until i fall asleep . ' 
 ` okay , ' cole said with a slight shrug . 
 as i was opening the bedroom door , i heard , 'em ma ? ' 
 i turned towards him hesitantly . 
 ` i 've decided that you 're okay . ' 
 my mouth quirked at his teasing tone . 
 ` so you do n't think i 'm a bitch ? ' 
 he smiled wider , his eyes lighting up . ' 
 i did n't say that . ' 
 ` nice , ' i jeered . 
 ` goodnight , emma . ' 
 i bit my lip with a small smile . 
 ` goodnight , cole . ' 
 9 feeling again i rose late the next morning . 
 it had taken me most of the night to fall asleep . 
 all i could think about was cole sleeping in the room across from me , and , well ... that was all i could think about . 
 i took my time showering and getting ready , hoping peyton would arrive any minute . 
 i packed my things so i 'd be ready to just grab them and go . 
 cole was on the couch when i finally opened the bedroom door . 
 he was engrossed in the puzzle , which was only about a third complete . 
 ` good morning , ' he said without turning my way . 
 ` i 'm addicted to this stupid puzzle . 
 are you hungry ? ' ' 
 i can get something , ' i told him . 
 ` you keep at it . 
 do you have cereal ? ' 
 ` yeah . 
 but i have eggs and english muffins , if you 'd prefer . ' ' 
 i do n't cook . ' 
 i opened the cabinets in search of a breakfast i was adept at preparing . 
 cole was quiet . 
 eerily quiet . 
 i turned towards him and found that he was watching me with a curious look on his face . 
 ` you do n't cook ? ' 
 ` no . ' 
 ` huh . 
 that 's not what i expected . ' 
 he turned and went back to working on the puzzle . 
 why did this small fact continue to surprise most people who knew me ? 
 dismissing it , i poured the flakes into a bowl and doused them with milk . 
 i sat on the arm of the couch , eating and examining the pieces . 
 every so often , i 'd notice a fit and lean over to put it in place . 
 ` you can sit down , you know , ' cole encouraged . 
 ` uh , i think peyton will be here soon , ' i stated awkwardly , walking to the kitchen to set the bowl in the dishwasher . 
 ` no , she wo n't , ' cole countered . 
 ` what do you mean ? ' 
 ` she and tom went to catalina for the day . ' 
 panic began to rise in my stomach . 
 that meant i was staying here ... with cole ... again . 
 ` come help me , ' he begged . 
 when he noticed the pallor of my stunned face , his eyes tightened . 
 ` she did n't tell you ? ' 
 i shook my head . 
 ` if you do n't want to hang out , that 's totally fine , ' he said in a rush , trying to sound unaffected . ' 
 i mean , i was planning to go surfing in a bit anyway . ' 
 ` i 'm sorry . ' 
 i felt horrid for not hiding my reaction . ' 
 i just had expectations , that 's all . ' 
 ` i 'm not sure what that means , but i 'm not insulted . ' 
 he smiled and turned his attention back to the puzzle . 
 i took a breath and tried to relax . 
 approaching the sliding glass door , i strangled my hands , trying to decide what to do . 
 i looked out at the hazy skies and knew it was too chilly to be comfortable sitting outside , at least not until the clouds burned off and the sun cut through . 
 i climbed over the arm of the couch and crossed my legs beneath me , leaning as far away from cole as possible . 
 ` what 's next on your list ? ' 
 he enquired , pressing the edge of a puzzle piece against his lower lip . 
 and for that moment , i could n't focus on anything else . 
 he turned his head towards me , and i tore my eyes away from his lips to meet his gaze . 
 his eyebrows rose in expectation . ' 
 i do n't ... ' i faltered . ' 
 i do n't know . 
 how about you come up with something for me ? ' 
 and that was n't the best thing to say either . 
 ` what do you mean ? 
 i thought there was a list . 
 you know , like a bucket list for the new year ? ' 
 ` not really , ' i confessed . 
 ` when you ask me , i just say the first thing that comes to mind . 
 i never wanted to do those things until you made me say them . 
 and then i actually wanted to do them . 
 so i figure you can pick the next thing . 
 it 's your fault i have the list to begin with , and you seem to always witness whatever it is anyway . ' 
 cole inspected me , uncertain if i was serious . 
 then he began laughing . 
 and he kept laughing . 
 ` stop , ' i demanded , trying to be upset as i shoved his shoulder . 
 but the more he laughed , the more difficult it was to stay annoyed , and my lips eventually curled up . 
 ` okay ! 
 do n't choose . 
 i do n't need to add to my stupid list anyway . ' 
 ` what qualifies ? ' 
 he finally asked after he 'd gained control again . 
 ` huh ? ' 
 ` what 's worthy of the list ? 
 what 's the criteria ? ' 
 he specified . 
 ` well ... ' i contemplated carefully for a moment . 
 ` it has to be something that gets my blood pumping , my adrenaline surging . ' 
 ` that 's a given , ' he goaded . 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 ` it should be something that 's all-consuming and makes me forget everything else . 
 strips me of every thought and whisks away the pain . ' 
 ` pain ? ' ' 
 i mean , uh ... ' i cringed , silently cursing myself for being so honest , ` anything that 's bothering me . 
 you know , if i 'm having a bad day and just need to forget about things . 
 something that makes everything go away . 
 make sense ? ' ' 
 i get it . ' 
 cole 's eyes flickered across my face , like he wanted to ask me something , but he held it in . ' 
 i think i can come up with something . 
 give me time to think about it ? ' 
 ` sure , ' i shrugged , freaking out on the inside . 
 we continued to work on the puzzle for another hour . 
 but this time , cole brought up music , and the conversation flowed from there . 
 i soon discovered we had more in common that i 'd initially surmised . 
 ` are n't you supposed to go surfing ? ' 
 i asked , noticing the sun had finally burned away the cloud cover . ' 
 i can go tomorrow , ' he answered casually . 
 ` i 'll hang out with you today . ' 
 i stared at the puzzle without moving a single muscle . 
 i did n't want him to hang out with me today , because i very much wanted him to hang out with me today . 
 ` and why do you look like you 're about to throw up ? ' 
 ` i , uh ... ' i stuttered . 
 ` um ... ' i really wanted to jump off the couch and leave . 
 but i did n't have a car , and i did n't have anywhere to go . 
 ` i , um ... ' ` it 's okay , ' he assured me with an amused shake of his head . 
 ` if you prefer to be by yourself , just say it . 
 i felt bad leaving you alone , since peyton wo n't be back until tonight . 
 but i have friends i can visit . ' 
 ` sorry . 
 i 'm being stupid . 
 i guess i have n't figured out how to act around you yet . ' 
 ` you honestly say the strangest things . 
 no wonder i ca n't read you , ' he said with a low chuckle . 
 ` just be yourself , emma . 
 relax . 
 i 'm not going to hurt you . ' 
 but i may hurt you . 
 peyton would be back tonight . 
 how much damage could i do in one day ? 
 he barely liked me , so i could ignore the pull i was feeling towards him for a day . 
 just one day . 
 ` okay , ' i conceded with a breath . 
 ` what did you have in mind ? ' 
 he jumped off the couch . 
 ` let 's go to the zoo . ' 
 ` the zoo ? ' 
 i questioned with my brows pulled together . 
 ` i 'm not the skydiving , drag-racing kind of guy , emma . 
 i told you that . 
 let 's go to the zoo . ' 
 we returned to the house hours later , full of french fries and ice cream . 
 ` that was n't so bad , right ? ' 
 cole prodded , tossing his keys on the table . 
 ` no , ' i laughed . ' 
 i never thought i 'd feed a giraffe , so thank you . ' 
 there was a pause , and cole grinned at me with that ridiculous lopsided grin of his . 
 with those lips that made me want to ... ' i think i 'll go for a run . ' 
 i needed time to detox from being around cole all day . 
 my skin was still humming from the number of times he 'd inadvertently brushed his arm against mine as we strolled along the paved path . 
 and of course it had to be one of the prettiest zoos ever , making the urge to hold his hand that much more intense . 
 my head was spinning , along with my moral compass . 
 i needed to get away from him . 
 ` i 'll throw something on the grill , ' he announced . 
 ` we 'll eat when you get back . ' 
 i disappeared down the beach , leaving him on the deck , heating up the grill . 
 i had n't let anyone close to me since i 'd moved to california . 
 even my room-mates did n't really know me . 
 my freshman year i 'd basically been a recluse - shutting out everyone and disconnected from any emotion . 
 this year , i 'd struggled to maintain control , and i 'd lost it several times already . 
 this all happened to coincide with the night cole had entered my life . 
 and now ... i was feeling again . 
 way too much . 
 and i was afraid . 
 so very afraid of what might happen next if i was n't able to tuck everything back into the darkness , where it belonged . 
 we 're just as bad as they are , with our lies and deceit . 
 we destroy people 's lives . 
 i dug deeper into the sand and forced myself forward , needing to silence the voices that reminded me of every reason i was n't worthy of letting anyone get close to me . 
 my own voice among them . 
 i fought for the control that continued to evade me with each pant , but even as i stumbled to a stop , i knew i could n't outrun who i really was . 
 ` you really push yourself , ' cole noted as i stood below the deck , breathing heavily . 
 i looked up with a start . 
 ` i 'm cooking chicken . 
 thought we could make sandwiches . 
 is that okay ? ' 
 ` sure , ' i responded , trying to recover . 
 i trod up the steps and pushed my sandy sneakers off on the deck . 
 continuing into the spare bedroom to shower , i hoped to rinse away the emotions that were twisting inside me . 
 we sat on the deck with our attention on the ocean . 
 not talking . 
 and it occurred to me how much of our time together had been spent that way . 
 cole did n't ask me about myself . 
 he just allowed me to tell him whatever i wanted . 
 he was comfortable in this silence . 
 i was not . 
 sitting next to him without the distraction of a conversation made me all too aware of everything about him . 
 the quiet contemplation that reflected in his tranquil eyes as he looked out at the sea . 
 his relaxed posture , leaning back into the chair with his feet resting on the lower railing of the deck . 
 the effortless strength his body exuded . 
 there was an energy between us , wrapped in silence , that communicated in a way i had never experienced before . 
 we returned to the couch after we ate , hovering over the puzzle , which was beginning to resemble the mountain scene on the box cover , with wisps of clouds stretched against blue skies . 
 ` there is something addictive about this . ' 
 i joined another cluster of pieces together . ' 
 i do n't get it , but i ca n't quit . 
 maybe it 's the challenge . 
 needing to see it completed , no matter how tedious . ' 
 ` maybe it 's because once you put all the pieces together , you end up with something beautiful . ' 
 a light shiver trailed along my back when i found his soothing blue eyes soaking me in . ' 
 i think i 've figured out what your next thing should be , ' he said softly , capturing me in his gaze . 
 ` you have ? ' 
 i whispered . 
 ` something that will make your heart beat fast , ' he murmured . 
 ` something that will make you forget everything else around you . 
 i could be wrong , but i think i know what that is . ' 
 ` yeah ? ' 
 i said softly , my pulse erratic . 
 the air between us had stilled , and he was inches away . 
 i remained focused on the intense hue of his eyes , unable to move until i felt the tickle of his breath on my face . 
 i closed my eyes , and his lips pressed softly , ever so gently , against my mouth . 
 everything ceased to exist except the tenderness of his kiss and the slow movement of his full lower lip over mine . 
 i was n't breathing . 
 i was n't thinking . 
 i was filled with a tingling current that sent a rush through my body . 
 when he pulled away , i kept my eyes closed , enraptured . 
 my lids slowly rose , and he was waiting for me , the corner of his mouth raised teasingly . 
 i exhaled and melted against the couch . 
 ` that was list-worthy . ' 
 my voice sounded fragile . 
 the tingling buzz gradually dissipating . 
 ` i 'm going to have a hard time coming up with something after that . ' 
 cole laughed . 
 when i went to bed that night , i lay awake for a long time . 
 i ca n't do this - the words repeated over and over in my head , the panic building with each moment of inaction . 
 i sat up and stared at the door . 
 running my fingers through my hair , i bit at my lip in contemplation . 
 i needed to go . 
 to leave here . 
 to get away from him ... and that kiss . 
 that kiss that ignited a craving i did n't know how to suppress . 
 a craving to feel . 
 to fill the bottomless void that had splintered open when i left weslyn . 
 i yearned to feel something ... anything . 
 even if it was wrong . 
 i crawled out of the bed and decided i 'd ask cole to drive me to peyton 's . 
 she and tom were getting back late from catalina , but they must be home by now . 
 i did n't care that it was the middle of the night . 
 it was only a fifteen-minute drive . 
 i dressed and dropped my bag in the living room before approaching his door , staring at it for a full minute , my chest heaving dramatically as i summoned the courage to knock . 
 i raised my hand and rapped lightly . 
 ` cole ? ' 
 i called to him . 
 if he did n't answer , then i 'd just turn around and go back to my room . 
 i was a wreck with nerves , waiting in front of his door . 
 what the hell was i thinking ? 
 ` yeah , ' he answered , ` you can come in . ' 
 i swallowed hard and opened the door . 
 ` you awake ? ' 
 this was the dumbest thing i could have said , since he had just answered me . 
 ` what 's wrong ? ' 
 he questioned . 
 i could barely make out his silhouette , propped up on his elbow in the bed . 
 i did n't move any closer than the two steps i 'd taken into his room . 
 ` ca n't sleep , ' i explained feebly , pulling at the hem of my t-shirt . 
 ` and , um ... ' the one sentence that i 'd repeated over and over in my head , i need to leave , never escaped my mouth . 
 he inspected me silently for a moment . 
 ` come lie down , emma . ' 
 my eyes widened . 
 ` you can stay on top of the blankets , ' he suggested . 
 ` we 'll talk , and maybe you can fall asleep . ' 
 ` okay , ' i rasped , cautiously moving closer to his bed . 
 it smelled of his crisp , fresh scent . 
 cole shifted over to allow me plenty of room . 
 ignoring my protesting conscience , i smoothed the blankets and settled down on top . 
 the sheet was draped across his waist , allowing a full view of the contours of this broad chest as he rolled on his side to face me . 
 i opted to lie on my back and stare at the ceiling , so i could form sentences while we spoke . 
 i was afraid i 'd lose my nerve if i was looking at him . 
 he did n't say anything for a moment , and then whispered , ` or we do n't have to talk . ' 
 i knew he was waiting for me to begin the conversation . 
 after all , i was the one who 'd knocked on his door . 
 ` sorry , ' i muttered . 
 ` i 'm confused . ' 
 ` confused ? ' 
 ` cole , i do n't want you to like me , ' i confessed in a single breath . 
 he did n't respond . 
 i suddenly felt very vulnerable . 
 turning towards him , i saw that he was waiting for me to explain . 
 the intensity flickering in his eyes forced me to look away . 
 ` i 'm ... i 'm afraid , ' i breathed , clenching my jaw at the honesty i 'd just expelled . 
 ` that i 'll hurt you ? ' 
 he asked , his voice low and soothing . 
 ` that i 'll hurt you , ' i responded . 
 ` i 'm f ** ked up . 
 i 'm so f ** ked up . 
 i ca n't ... i ca n't date you . 
 i ca n't let you in . 
 i ca n't get close . 
 and - ' 'em ma , ' he interrupted . 
 ` it 's okay . ' 
 i shifted on my side , feeling the need to see his face as my body trembled . 
 ` you do n't understand , ' i continued desperately , clutching my arms against my chest . ' 
 i should n't be here . 
 it 's taking everything i have not to walk out that door . 
 that 's all i 've thought about since we 've met , that i need to leave you alone . 
 because that 's ... that 's what i should do . ' 
 i tensed against the tightening pain in my chest . 
 ` i 'm a horrible person . ' ' 
 i doubt that , ' he whispered in return . 
 ` but if you need to walk away , then go ahead . 
 emma , i 'm not asking for anything . 
 i like what this is . 
 there 're no expectations . 
 so , if you can ... just for this week , i 'd like it if you did n't walk away . ' 
 i wanted to touch him . 
 to run my hand along his strong , square jaw . 
 to nuzzle my face into his neck and become intoxicated by his scent . 
 to allow him to wrap his arms around me so my skin could come alive with the buzz that his touch incited . 
 but i did n't . 
 i remained contained and rigid on my side , unable to look away from him . 
 ` what do you think ? 
 will you stay , emma ? ' 
 he whispered , reaching over and running the back of his hand along my cheek so gently . 
 i closed my eyes , and my entire body shivered . 
 ` i 'll stay , ' i responded , barely audible . 
 i lay beside him , absorbing the energy between us . 
 10 predictable i knew i should open my eyes . 
 i could feel the light shining in from the other side of my eyelids . 
 but i was so comfortable under the warmth of the blanket , in my restful place , with him next to me , waiting . 
 i squinted at him , lying across from me . 
 he did n't say anything . 
 he just lay there watching me with a hint of a smile . 
 his skin was luminous with the light peering in through the large glass door behind him , the ever-present subtle flush of colour across his prominent cheekbones . 
 i wanted to press the palm of my hand against the ruddiness , expecting to feel heat - but i resisted . 
 i was still on top of the comforter , but i 'd been covered with the blue blanket from the couch . 
 and he was still under the blankets , without a shirt on . 
 ` can i ask you one thing ? ' 
 his minty breath floated to my nose . 
 i shook my head , clamping my mouth shut . 
 ` you need to brush your teeth first ? ' 
 i nodded . 
 he laughed . 
 ` bathroom is right there . ' 
 i considered getting my toothbrush from my bag in the living room , but after a moment of deliberation i opted to stay in his room . 
 i used my finger to brush my teeth , then returned to the bed , nestling under the blanket . 
 cole continued to wait patiently . 
 ` go ahead , ' i encouraged , resting my head on the pillow . 
 ` why did you stand me up that night ? ' 
 i paused a moment . 
 it seemed so long ago . ' 
 i got a tattoo . ' 
 it was as close to the truth as i could get . 
 ` and it could n't have waited until the next day ? ' 
 ` no . ' 
 he focused on my eyes , reading me , and nodded in acceptance . 
 ` can i see it ? ' 
 i slid my shirt up to reveal the image along my side . 
 cole studied it intently . 
 his fingers traced the crescent , over the resting eyes and along the peaceful masculine profile . 
 his touch left a tingling trail . 
 my breath quivered . 
 ` what does it mean ? ' 
 ` there was a time i needed to be reminded , ' i explained . 
 ` it looks like it must 've hurt , ' he said without taking his eyes off it , trying to decipher the script that ran along its edges . 
 ` not enough , ' i murmured breathily . 
 ` you say the strangest things . ' 
 he said it almost admiringly , resting his hand on my bare skin . 
 i shrugged shyly . 
 ` will you do something predictable with me today ? ' 
 the heat from his hand coursed under my skin . 
 my body hummed . 
 anything . 
 but i knew the real answer to his question . 
 ` yes , i 'll go surfing with you . ' 
 he laughed , sitting up in the bed , taking the electric charge with him when he removed his hand from my waist - leaving me dark and empty once again . 
 i barely made it into the water that day . 
 cole spent most of the time showing me techniques on the sand before he would allow me to take a board in the ocean . 
 when we finally did get in the water , it was all about how to lie and sit on the board , along with instructions on how to paddle at the right time to catch the wave . 
 he would n't let me even attempt to stand at all that day . 
 but the ` predictable ' piqued my interest , so i agreed to do it again the following day . 
 when peyton called me that night to arrange a time to pick me up , i shut myself in the spare bedroom and told her that she could spend the week with tom . 
 i played it off like i was doing her a huge favour . 
 i tried to sound bored and disinterested when she asked how cole and i were getting along . 
 i knew it was n't the right decision . 
 but i was n't able to walk away . 
 not yet . 
 cole would teach me to surf in the calmer waves for a few hours each morning , and i 'd insist afterwards that he go where he usually surfed so he could get some riding in . 
 by the third day , i was able to pop up and keep my balance for ... not very long . 
 we 'd spend the afternoons working on the puzzle , reading or i 'd go for a run . 
 then each night , i 'd lie next to him on top of the blanket . 
 before he 'd close his eyes , he 'd rest his hand on my side , over my tattoo , like he could hold my words in his hand . 
 every so often , he 'd trace the outline of it with his fingers , branding me with the charge of his touch . 
 the sparks it created flickered light back into the darkness . 
 i did all i could to hold on to the tingling after he 'd pulled his hand away . 
 once he was in the depths of sleep , i 'd slip away to the spare room . 
 i never woke next to him after that first night . 
 it was my way of staving off the guilt . 
 too bad it did n't work . 
 i should have walked away . 
 cole never questioned my retreat each night . 
 and he did n't attempt to kiss me again . 
 ` you were pretty good today . ' 
 we were pulling into the driveway after spending most of the day in the water . 
 ` do n't be so hard on yourself ; it takes a lot of practice . ' ' 
 i see how much more intense it can be when i watch you and the other guys . 
 and i just want to be there already . ' 
 ` patience , ' he advised . 
 ` or do you know what that is ? ' 
 ` oh , you 're hilarious , ' i said , making him laugh . 
 'em ma ! ' 
 peyton called , when i stepped out of the car . 
 i turned to watch her approach from the walkway , with tom a step behind . 
 ` where 'd you guys go ? 
 we stopped by earlier , but you were n't here . ' 
 ` surfing . ' 
 ` you 're teaching her how to surf ? ' 
 tom asked . 
 cole nodded , unstrapping the boards from the roof of his suv . 
 i noted peyton 's bronzed skin . 
 she was determined to return from break with a tan - despite the cool weather . 
 ` we wanted to see if you were up for going out tonight , since it 's our last night here . 
 there 's a party on a private beach near my place . ' 
 ` sure . ' 
 i shrugged indifferently . 
 tom glanced over at cole , who nodded in acceptance . 
 they followed us into the house . 
 ` so , you 've been surfing and ... putting together a puzzle , ' tom observed in bewilderment , sitting down in the chair . 
 ` sounds exciting . ' 
 ` i 'm going to shower , ' i announced . 
 peyton followed me into the spare bedroom . 
 ` so ... you two are getting along really well , ' she sang , a knowing smile creeping across her face . 
 ` it 's not what you think , ' i huffed , pulling clothes from my duffle bag . 
 ` then what is it ? ' 
 ` we get along , ' i responded flatly . 
 ` i 'm sure you do , ' she said with a gleam . 
 i rolled my eyes and entered the bathroom , shutting out peyton and her obnoxious smile . 
 the party was crowded , loud and a shock to my system after the quiet week i 'd had . 
 after i 'd been bumped into one too many times , cole looked to me and asked , ` wan na go for a walk ? ' 
 ` yes , ' i answered without hesitation . 
 we followed the edge of the surf away from the rowdiness and loud music . 
 this was it . 
 our last night . 
 and neither of us had the nerve to talk about it . 
 cole 's arm brushed against mine , and i shivered . 
 i could 've sworn i saw a spark . 
 he stopped suddenly , like he 'd felt it too . 
 ` wan na sit ? ' 
 he proposed . 
 i could only nod . 
 sitting there in the stillness , i allowed my shoulders to relax . 
 silence enveloped us in a comforting embrace . 
 ` do you ever get the urge to get in your car and just keep driving ? ' 
 i asked , focused on the water shimmering in the light of the moon . 
 ` how would you know when to stop ? ' 
 cole challenged , sitting next to me so our arms barely touched . ' 
 i guess when you find something worth stopping for , ' i answered , acutely aware of the heat swirling between our skin . ' 
 i wonder how far you 'd travel before that happened , ' cole pondered . 
 then asked , ` why do you do the things on your list , especially since you do n't really have one ? ' 
 i smiled lightly before giving serious consideration to his question . 
 ` so that i know i 'm alive . ' 
 ` you 're the most alive person i 've ever met , ' he replied softly . 
 i turned my head up to find that he was intently focused on me . 
 the flickering of the dim light in his eyes drew me in . 
 the charged hum between us intensified , and my chest rose with an exaggerated breath , drawing it in . 
 ` why have n't you kissed me again ? ' 
 i whispered , wanting him to lean a little closer . 
 ` i 'm afraid to kiss you , ' he confessed , his words floating through the air in the hush . 
 ` i 'm afraid that if i kiss you , i wo n't want to stop . 
 i can feel you tense every time we touch , and i do n't want to do anything that will make you walk away from me . 
 i 'm afraid when we get back to school , this will all be over . 
 i know we 're both avoiding talking about it . 
 the same reason we have n't finished that puzzle that should 've been completed three days ago . 
 because then it 'll be over . 
 are you ready for that ? ' 
 i tried to inhale , but nothing moved . 
 i uttered not a sound . 
 i could only stare into his eyes , pleading with me to say something . 
 ` what are you doing over here ? ' 
 peyton exclaimed . 
 the beers she 'd consumed had amped up her boisterous volume . 
 cole and i practically jumped , before turning in her direction . 
 ` oooh , was i interrupting something ? ' 
 she held her finger to her mouth like she was telling herself to be quiet . 
 too late . 
 we drove home in silence the next morning , the tension intensifying with each mile . 
 our week had to come to an end . 
 but i still could n't bring myself to say it . 
 i could feel cole glancing at me every so often . 
 doing the right thing was going to be so difficult . 
 as we drove through town , the looming clouds opened up . 
 i rolled down the window and stuck out my arm to feel the warm spring raindrops upon my skin . 
 i breathed in the scent of the moisture in the air , mixed with fresh-cut grass and earthy blooms . 
 when cole stopped at a red light less than a mile from my house , i opened my door to step into the rain . 
 i wo n't destroy your life too . 
 my parting words echoing in my head carried me across the street to the sidewalk , not looking back . 
 the rain intensified , saturating my shirt instantly . 
 i took off my shoes and walked in the fast running water , letting the coolness wash over my toes , cascade down my hair and drip from my chin . 
 i was a few blocks from the house when i heard thumping footsteps splashing in the water behind me . 
 i turned to find cole stopped a short distance from me , breathing heavily . 
 my mouth curved faintly at the sight of his shirt clinging to the curves of his chest , the water darkening his blond hair . 
 he approached me with an unasked question in his eyes . 
 i watched the water drip down his nose and over his beautiful full lips . 
 i knew what i should do . 
 but with him so close , looking down at me intensely , i wanted more than anything to allow the spark he contained to possess me and fill up the chasm that had left me so empty all this time . 
 i was craving the warmth of his touch . 
 the rush of our connection . 
 regardless of whether i deserved it or not . 
 regardless of whether he was wrong for me . 
 i could n't resist it any longer . 
 i stepped closer , covering the flush of his cheeks with my hands to feel their heat , and pressed my lips firmly against his , until it almost hurt . 
 cole gripped my waist and pulled me into him , sealing the space between us . 
 i secured my arms around his neck . 
 as our lips slid over each other 's , i was overwhelmed by the electric current coursing through me . 
 desire poured into the shadows , and i did n't let anything else matter . 
 not the voice that told me this was wrong . 
 not the guilt . 
 not the warning that crashed through my head . 
 i pushed it all away and let the desperate craving overtake me . 
 panting , i pushed away and grabbed his hand , pulling him after me as i ran the remaining distance to the house . 
 i stopped in front of the door and turned back to him , kissing him with such want , my entire body pulsed . 
 his mouth was still finding mine as i opened the door . 
 he blindly shut the door behind him , concentrating on me , touching me . 
 i broke away to rush up the stairs , cole in pursuit . 
 my shirt was over my head before i opened the door to my room . 
 cole removed his while shutting the door behind him , then thrust me against it . 
 i let my shoes slide from my fingertips as he ran his lips along my slick neck , teasing with his tongue , forcing a low , breathy moan from my throat . 
 he slipped a hand around my back to unfasten my bra . 
 our wet bodies slid together as our mouths found one another over and over again , unable to get enough . 
 cole kicked off his shoes while i ran my tongue along his neck . 
 his strong hands braced my face , and he bent down to kiss me . 
 i parted my mouth as his tongue slipped in , teasing my bottom lip . 
 his hands ran down my sides to my h * ps and inside the waist of my jeans as i forced the zipper down . 
 cole peeled them off my legs , and i kicked them aside . 
 i stood before him , exposed . 
 in a quick motion , he lifted me , and i wrapped my legs around him , my back colliding against the door with a gasping grunt . 
 cole carried me to the bed , gently laying me on my back . 
 his eyes danced over the length of my body , and i bit my lip , waiting as he searched his pockets before letting his shorts drop to the floor . 
 he returned to me after he tore off the wrapper . 
 pulling me up by my hips , he pressed his knees against the edge of the bed . 
 i inhaled deeply as we connected , clutching his hand as he lowered himself over me . 
 i gripped the tense muscles along his back as he moved into me , exploring me deeper . 
 the charge intensified , possessing my senses . 
 it became all that i could feel , all that i needed , as it streamed through every inch of my body . 
 the emptiness was swept away , and i would give anything not to be devoured by it again . 
 my entire body quivered with his escalation . 
 my legs tightened , and i moaned in release . 
 the air was lost to me with a swirling rush , and i liquefied into nothing in a single breath . 
 he gave in with the slightest audible groan , tensing until every inch of him became rigid and then folding onto me . 
 we lay in our breathless embrace , still entwined . 
 cole raised his head to look at me . 
 the ruddiness of his cheeks had spread down his neck . 
 i ran my hand along it . 
 ` so ... you like the rain ? ' 
 he enquired with a gleam in his eye . 
 i laughed , not expecting those to be the first words out of his mouth since we 'd left santa barbara . 
 ` yes , do n't you ? ' 
 i asked , brushing my lips along his jaw , my pulse still thrumming . 
 ` no , ' he replied with a chuckle . ' 
 i think i love the rain . ' 
 he gave me the softest kiss before laying his head on my chest . 
 ` i 'm not ready for this to be over yet , emma . ' 
 'em , ' peyton bellowed , interrupting my response , ` are you home ? ' 
 i heard the doorknob jiggle . 
 i froze beneath cole , and he raised his head in alarm . 
 ` do n't you dare ! ' 
 serena hollered from the bottom of the stairs . 
 cole and i stared at each other , waiting . 
 ` what ? ' 
 peyton replied in surprise . 
 ` she 's not alone . ' 
 11 what are you afraid of ? 
 ` are you looking forward to the float trip this weekend ? ' 
 sara asked from my computer screen , her smile vibrant and her eyes twinkling with the excitement i was lacking . 
 ` did n't you say it was supposed to be pretty huge ? ' 
 ` that 's what i 've been told , ' i answered with a slight nod . ' 
 i guess students from stanford and some other colleges take over a campground for the weekend . 
 it 's exclusive , by invitation only . 
 i do n't know how they figure out who gets invited , but , yeah , it 's going to be ... huge . ' 
 ` what 's wrong ? ' 
 sara asked , picking up on my dread . 
 ` you 're not freaked by the crowd , are you ? 
 i thought you were over that . 
 wait ... is it cole ? ' 
 her questions flew at me without pause . 
 ` nothing 's wrong . ' 
 but i could feel my throat constrict just saying it . 
 ` you ca n't lie to me , emma . 
 i can always tell when you 're lying , even when you think you 're getting away with it . 
 it is cole , is n't it ? ' 
 i looked away from the screen , pressing my lips together . 
 'em , things have been going so well for the past two months , ' sara continued soothingly . 
 ` it 's okay to be happy . 
 it 's okay if you move on . 
 you do n't - ' before she could continue with her reassurances , i interrupted with , ` we 're supposed to sleep in a tent . ' 
 i reluctantly returned my focus to the screen . 
 sara was still and silent . ' 
 i ca n't sleep in a tent , sara , ' i continued , my voice edged with panic . 
 ` that night with ... ' i could n't go there . 
 i could n't think about it . 
 it was the last time i 'd been truly happy . ' 
 i just ... i ca n't sleep in a tent with cole . ' ' 
 i know . ' 
 sara 's eyes shone with understanding . 
 ` then do n't sleep in a tent . 
 tell cole you want to sleep in his suv . 
 you can fold down the back and put a blow-up mattress in it . 
 it works , i 've done it before . ' 
 a devious smile spread on her face as she reminisced . 
 ` really , sara ? 
 i did n't need to know that ! ' 
 ` what ? 
 it 's not like you do n't get nak * d with cole every chance you get ! ' 
 she snapped back teasingly . ' 
 i knew i should never have told you . ' 
 ` it 's the only way it 's real , ' she responded , reminding me of the oath i 'd given her in high school , that it did n't really happen unless i told her . 
 i wished that were true ; so much of my past would 've been erased . ' 
 i like this . 
 that you 're dating again ... and having crazy bunny sex ! ' 
 ` we 're not dating , ' i stressed , ` and we 're not always ... i mean , we surf too . ' 
 i could n't finish , because in fact that 's how cole and i spent most of our time together . 
 we were either studying in our comfortable silence , surfing or having ` crazy bunny sex ' . 
 i sighed . 
 ` whatever . 
 you keep saying you 're not , but it 's okay if you are , ' sara said emphatically . 
 ` you can move on , em . 
 i like him . 
 do n't give up on him . ' 
 my entire body tensed , and i stared back as her mouth dropped in realization . 
 ` i 'm so sorry . 
 i should n't have said it like that . ' 
 the last time sara had said that same exact thing to me , we were sitting in her driveway , and she was convincing me to give evan a chance . 
 ` so , you 'll be here next friday , right ? ' 
 i was trying to recover , but my chest remained tight . 
 ` yeah , ' sara responded , watching me carefully . ' 
 i fly back to connecticut on monday and to see the fam before i spend the summer with you in cali . 
 i can not wait to be there ! ' 
 i tried to smile , but could n't . ' 
 i ca n't wait for you to be here either . 
 i do n't have to take classes this quarter , so i 'm all yours . ' 
 ` so f ** king fantastic ! ' 
 sara exclaimed , her natural jubilance returning . ' 
 i should get going , ' i told her . ' 
 i need to pack . ' 
 ` this weekend will be good for you , i just know it . 
 call me when you get back . ' ' 
 i will , ' i replied , forcing a smile , ` bye , sara . ' ' 
 i love you , em ! ' 
 sara proclaimed before the screen clicked off . 
 i sat in the chair and stared at it for a moment before pushing away from the desk . 
 ` but , how about you stay the night ? 
 it 's supposed to be pretty nice tonight . 
 we can sleep outside . ' 
 ` like camping ? ' 
 ` that 's a better idea . 
 i think i have a tent in the garage . 
 we can sleep in the back yard , or we can go to the meadow . 
 the sky will look incredible out there , away from the lights . 
 what do you think ? ' 
 'em ma ! 
 cole 's here ! ' 
 peyton yelled . 
 her voice startled me out of my memory . 
 i scanned the sky , focused on collecting myself . 
 i blinked the tears back and took a deep breath . 
 ` she 's where ? ' 
 i heard him ask . 
 before i could make an attempt to move , he was scrambling up on the roof . 
 i lifted my head to search for him . 
 ` what are you doing ? ' 
 i ran my finger along the corner of my eye , struggling to tuck the emotion away . 
 ` uh , besides trying not to fall off and kill myself ? ' 
 cole scooted next to me , his breathing slightly laboured . ' 
 i came up here to find you . ' ' 
 i was going to come down . ' 
 ` well , i 'm here now , so let me catch my breath . ' 
 eyeing the distance to the ground , he shifted back and bent his knees to rest his arms over them , trying to appear casual , but his back remained tense . 
 ` why are you up here ? ' 
 he asked . 
 then he noticed my amused expression . 
 ` oh , you think it 's funny that i 'm hating this right now , do n't you ? ' 
 ` yes , ' i teased with a low laugh . 
 ` lie down next to me . ' 
 cole lowered himself so his body lined up against mine . 
 my senses heightened even with this slight touch . 
 he gazed up at the dark sky with his hands behind his head . 
 ` it 's quiet , ' he observed after a moment . 
 ` exactly . ' 
 ` so , it 's not about the height ? 
 it 's the silence ? ' 
 ` yes . ' 
 unfortunately i could n't find it . 
 i shivered as i forced evan 's voice out of my thoughts . 
 we let the quiet surround us and soak into our skin with the coolness of the evening breeze . 
 lying next to cole stirred thoughts of the conversation i 'd had with sara earlier . 
 what the hell was i doing ? 
 i 'd struggled for the past two months to end this . 
 but every time i tried , the thrilling sensation he provoked would overwhelm me into submission , leaving me weak and unable to quit him . 
 ` why do you want to stay with me , cole ? ' 
 i whispered , focusing on the blinking lights of a passing plane . 
 ` other than the fact that i 'm extremely attracted to you ? ' 
 he taunted . 
 i elbowed him . 
 ` ow , ' he said , laughing . 
 ` i 'm serious . ' ' 
 i know you are . ' 
 he collected himself , then continued . 
 ` so you want to know why i want to be around , knowing that on any day you could just walk away ? ' 
 ` well ... yeah , ' i responded , surprised by his candour . ' 
 i guess i just wake up each day hoping that it is n't the day you decide to walk , ' he answered . 
 ` i 'm not an overly emotional person . 
 i do n't talk about my feelings , and you accept that . 
 we do n't have to speak at all and it 's comfortable . 
 most girls need to know what i 'm thinking , feeling , wanting ... constantly . 
 you do n't . ' 
 ` but i 'm so messed up , ' i argued , knowing too well the destruction i was capable of . 
 ` you keep saying that . 
 but i do n't really see you that way . 
 yes , you 're a little reckless . 
 you do these extreme things every once in a while just for the rush . 
 i do n't get it , but i 'll go with it . 
 it 's not like you 're expecting me to join you or anything . 
 i do n't know enough about you or your life to say you 're f ** ked up . 
 and if you ever want to tell me , then i 'll listen . 
 because , as much as i do n't talk , i can listen . 
 whenever you 're ready , i will hear you out . 
 but i like being with you . 
 does that answer your question ? ' 
 ` but whatever this is , i ca n't give you more , ' i warned . 
 ` we are n't dating . 
 we 're just ... ' ` hanging out , ' cole finished lightly . 
 i propped myself up on my elbow and grinned down at him . 
 cole 's eyes flickered across my face . 
 he added with a devious smile , ` and since i am very attracted to you , sometimes we can hang out ... nak * d. ' i opened my mouth in feigned offence , but before i could say anything , he pulled me down and captured my words with his soft lips . 
 and just like that , i surrendered to him and the questioning thoughts disappeared . 
 i positioned myself so i was leaning against his sculpted chest , and his mouth started moving faster . 
 i clutched his shirt in my fist , overtaken again by the charge rushing through my body . 
 cole tilted my head up and caressed my neck with his lips , tasting my skin . 
 i released a moan . 
 he started to turn me onto my back , but then suddenly stopped . 
 when i opened my eyes , cole wore a panicked look on his face , suddenly aware of where he was . 
 i bit my lip to keep from laughing . 
 ` we 're on the roof , ' he announced , more to himself than to me . 
 he noticed i was trying not to laugh . 
 ` you would have loved to have sex up here , would n't you ? 
 we 're on the frickin ' roof , emma ! ' 
 i started laughing , unable to contain it any longer . 
 ` come on , ' he urged with an exasperated sigh , scooting across the shingles towards meg 's window . 
 i followed him , still laughing . 
 cole did n't question me when i asked to sleep in his suv instead of the tent . 
 in the end it provided more privacy - privacy that we took advantage of the first night we arrived at the campground . 
 the campground was as crazy as i 'd expected . 
 there were camps for each college , stanford 's being the biggest . 
 from what i 'd learned , a group of friends from our university started this trip years ago , and it had gotten progressively bigger each year since . 
 the size had been capped in recent years to keep up the exclusivity , but there were now participants from usc , ucla and berkeley , blatantly displaying their school pride with jackets and sweatshirts , banners strung between trees , and even chairs and tents staking claim to their university . 
 the next morning i peeked out the suv 's window and observed groggy faces making their way to the bathrooms with dishevelled hair and pained , squinty eyes . 
 as cole slept i pulled the sleeping bag up to my nose and snuggled into my pillow , staring up at the trees around us . 
 you 're beautiful . 
 my heart seized as the memory invaded . 
 i closed my eyes to quiet his voice . 
 to force away the feel of his fingers brushing my cheek and the intensity of his steel-blue eyes looking into me . 
 i love you . 
 my lip quivered . 
 ` what 's that ? ' 
 cole groaned from behind me , his voice heavy with sleep . 
 i froze , cursing myself for letting the words slip from my mouth . 
 cole rolled over and slid his arm around my waist , pulling me into him with his face pressed against my hair . 
 ` good morning , ' he murmured . 
 my body eased as the warmth of his skin caressed me , his touch a soothing sedation . 
 ` good morning , ' i replied , squirming back so i could feel the firmness of his body . 
 cole slid his hand over my hip , slipping my sweatpants down . 
 i kicked them off , my breath erratic . 
 i ground back against him , his hot breath in my ear . 
 he moved into me , causing me to gasp in pleasure . 
 being this close to him , filled the emptiness that had corroded my insides over the past two years . 
 i needed him . 
 i needed him in a way that probably was n't healthy for either of us . 
 he was my fix . 
 even if he could never fix me . 
 his grip on my hip tightened . 
 as his muscles contracted , cole pushed deeper with a grunting breath . 
 my erratic pulse was replicated by my breath as a moan escaped . 
 i gripped his hand as i tensed around him . 
 my body shuddered . 
 he held himself against me , squeezing my hand , the tension in his muscles slowly releasing . 
 i could feel his heart beating against my back . 
 ` it is a good morning , ' he finally said . 
 i let out a light laugh . 
 we emerged from the suv a few minutes later , greeted by the crisp air and ... beer cans strewn across the ground . 
 remnants of the previous night 's bonfire still swirled in the brisk morning breeze . 
 after returning from the bathrooms , prepared for the day , we met up with peyton , tom , meg and the guy she 'd been dating , luke . 
 ` you two slept in , ' meg remarked . 
 then she flashed me a knowing grin when she noticed the lingering flush along cole 's neck . 
 my face flamed as i looked away , aware that she 'd already heard way too much through our shared wall at the house . 
 ` ready to go ? ' 
 peyton asked perkily as tom dumped ice into a cooler full of beers . 
 ` the shuttle is picking us up in ten minutes . ' 
 cole adjusted the backpack that contained our beach towels and other essentials for our canoe . 
 ` all set , ' he answered for the both of us . 
 he slipped his hand in mine and i stiffened . 
 his grip released instantly , and he started walking ahead of me without any other reaction . 
 i grimaced guiltily . 
 we were n't affectionate in public . 
 we did n't hold hands , or ... well , any couple things . 
 we were n't dating , as i continuously reminded everyone . 
 last night was the first time we 'd spent the night together since santa barbara ... for a reason . 
 and now , i was afraid this might get complicated , even after our talk on the roof . 
 i picked up my pace and caught up with him , walking close enough so our arms brushed . 
 ` want me to steer ? ' 
 i offered teasingly . 
 ` yeah , so we end up in the rocks ? ' 
 cole responded , his expression easing into a smile . 
 ` i 'll steer . 
 you just sit up front and ... i do n't know . 
 do n't fall out . ' 
 ` funny , ' i jeered . 
 ` i 'll only fall out if you tip us . ' 
 cole laughed and nudged me gently . 
 i smiled , relieved to be rid of the awkwardness . 
 we were floating down the river within a half hour . 
 the splashing , hollering , laughing and music blaring from random canoes contrasted with the natural beauty surrounding us . 
 i tilted my face up to the sun to absorb the warmth , feeling peaceful , despite the distractions all around me . 
 i was startled when water sprinkled across my face . 
 i opened my eyes to find a water fight ensuing between two canoes . 
 ` want a beer ? ' 
 cole offered , flipping open the lid of the cooler that sat on the floor of our canoe . ' 
 i still do n't like beer , ' i told him . ' 
 i should 've packed something else , i guess . 
 i 'm fine with water or soda . ' 
 he pulled out a bottle of water and handed it to me . 
 the temperature began to rise and i took off my t-shirt , revealing a colourful plaid string bikini . 
 i heard cole choke on his beer . 
 ` what ? ' 
 i demanded , turning quickly to face him , suddenly fearing he 'd seen the trace of the faded scars along my back . 
 i knew they were faint , resembling flesh-toned scratches , but i was still all too aware of them . 
 ` i , uh ... ' cole faltered . ' 
 i do n't remember that bathing suit . ' 
 his cheeks grew red as his lips curled up . 
 i laughed . ' 
 i take it you like it . ' ' 
 i do , ' he confirmed . 
 ` kinda wishing we were back in the suv right about now . ' 
 before i could respond , tom hollered , ` cole ! 
 let 's go to that spot we found last year to have lunch . ' 
 ` sure , ' cole yelled back , following peyton and tom 's canoe . 
 meg and luke trailed behind ours . 
 we steered around a narrow bend that was virtually concealed by arching tree branches . 
 the canoe traversed several winding curves before the water opened up into a large pool surrounded by jagged cliffs of rust-coloured rock . 
 it was like we 'd entered a cave with its roof blown off . 
 the walls pressed in around the crystal water where people were wading and floating , while others sat up on broken slabs along a makeshift beach , drinking and eating . 
 we stepped out of the canoe into chilled water that sent a rush of goosebumps over my skin . 
 a holler cut through the air . 
 i turned quickly just as a body plunged into the water with a huge splash , making the girls around him squeal from the cold spray . 
 i looked back to the top of the ledge , where a line of people awaited a turn . 
 my heartbeat sped up its pace at just the thought of jumping . 
 ` are you coming ? ' 
 cole called to me . 
 i pulled my attention away from the cliff . 
 ` huh ? 
 yeah , i 'll be right there . ' 
 cole continued wading through the water carrying the cooler . 
 i glanced up at the cliff again , and a charge thrummed under my skin . 
 what is it that keeps you up at night ? 
 what is the source of all of your nightmares ? 
 what are you afraid of ? 
 i could hear jonathan 's voice as if he were standing right next to me . 
 i squeezed my hand into a fist to ward him off as i continued to stare at the cliff . 
 'em ma ! ' 
 peyton hollered . 
 i turned my head with a jerk . 
 she and meg were standing on a slanted slab , calling to me . 
 ` what are you doing out there ? 
 come eat ! ' 
 i made my way to them and climbed up on a chunk of rock . 
 the guys popped open cans of beer while meg handed out sandwiches . 
 peyton searched through her iphone for music to blare through the small portable speaker . 
 a conversation started about the trip thus far and the ridiculousness witnessed along the way . 
 the buzz of voices faded as my attention drifted back to the cliff . 
 jump , emma . 
 my heart skipped a beat . 
 emma , you 're either going to jump , or i 'm going to push you . 
 ` i 'll be right back , ' i murmured . 
 not caring whether they heard me or not , i stepped across the broken slabs of rock towards the path that led to the cliff . 
 as i neared the yelling and laughter , i noticed that the path continued around a bend . 
 i could n't see the destination from this vantage point , but it wound up , and so did i . 
 the path crumbled beneath my feet , causing my steps to falter several times , until it unveiled a narrow ledge jutting out over the water . 
 i cautiously stepped closer to its edge and was overcome with a rush of dizziness when i looked down . 
 there was only the crisp blue beneath me . 
 the water 's surface appeared smooth , reflective as glass , the light from the sun bouncing off it . 
 my quickened pulse made my hands shake as i inched closer , working up the courage to take the devastating step . 
 emma , what are you afraid of ? 
 12 over the edge i feared that if i turned around , jonathan would be there , awaiting an answer . 
 i closed my eyes and inhaled , calming my racing heartbeat . 
 when i opened them again , the jitters were gone and the vertigo had dissipated . 
 i took in the coppery stone wall across from me . 
 i craned my neck over the edge again . 
 ` what are you afraid of , emma ? ' 
 i asked in a murmur , repeating jonathan 's words from that day on the cliff . 
 nothing . 
 i knew ... i was n't afraid . 
 i was carved out and scraped clean , a shell of my former self standing upon the ledge . 
 there was only something to fear if i had something to lose . 
 and i had nothing . 
 my head was quiet . 
 i stared down at the water that was inviting me to take the last step over the edge . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 cole 's voice broke through the silence . 
 rocks scattered along the path with his approach . 
 i knew i was running out of time . 
 i glanced back over my shoulder as cole came into view . 
 his eyes widened in shock . 
 'em ma , what are you doing ? ' 
 i turned away . 
 everything blurred beneath me as the tears filled my eyes . 
 'em ma , what the hell are you doing ?! ' 
 cole demanded again in a panic behind me . 
 ` you ca n't jump ! 
 you 'll kill yourself from this height . ' 
 i did n't look back . 
 i took that final step and disappeared over the edge . 
 instantly swallowed up by the rushing wind i plummeted towards the water . 
 my entire body rippled with adrenaline . 
 my stomach opened up as the gust of air hugged me tight , stealing my breath . 
 nothing mattered in those few seconds . 
 not jonathan . 
 not evan . 
 not cole . 
 not even me . 
 everything was lost , and i surrendered to the stillness that overtook me . 
 the moment of peace ended abruptly as my feet slammed through the water . 
 my insides ricocheted violently on impact . 
 the velocity of the fall forced me down until i collided with the rocks lining the bottom . 
 horrific pain shot through my leg as it grated against the unforgiving surface . 
 i restrained a scream . 
 kicking off the rocks , i propelled myself towards the light . 
 my lungs burned for air as i fought for the surface with each desperate kick . 
 an enticing whisper told me to stop . 
 to stop fighting . 
 to stop trying . 
 to just ... i gasped and coughed as i broke through the water . 
 it took me a moment to orient myself as i sucked in bursts of air . 
 i looked back up to the top of the jagged rock from which i 'd just taunted death . 
 cole was hovering over the edge , but i could n't see his expression from this distance . 
 the scraped skin below my knee shrieked as i trod water , drawing my attention away from cole 's face . 
 i was afraid to find out how bad it was . 
 when i glanced back up , cole had disappeared . 
 i could hear laughing and hollering around the other side of the cliff . 
 i gritted my teeth as i kicked towards the boats , coming into view of the other swimmers . 
 meg and peyton were still on the rock , soaking in the sun . 
 when i neared the boat , i heard cole plummeting into the water to reach me . 
 ` holy shit , emma ! 
 i ca n't believe you jumped . 
 are you okay ? ' 
 he demanded , water splashing around him . 
 all he had to do was look at me . 
 ` you 're hurt . 
 where ? ' ' 
 i scraped my leg , ' i murmured , shrinking away , holding the edge of the canoe . 
 ` i 'll be fine . 
 can we go back to the camp ? ' 
 cole did n't answer me right away . 
 ` yeah , ' he finally replied . 
 turning towards the beach , he shouted , ` we 're taking off . 
 we 'll see you back at the camp . ' 
 meg 's forehead scrunched in confusion . 
 before she could question us , peyton yelled back , ` okay . 
 see you there . ' 
 i gingerly lifted myself into the canoe . 
 my entire body was starting to ache from the impact . 
 i wrapped my leg with a towel before cole could see the gouge below my knee , but i could n't prevent the blood from trailing along the bottom of the boat as he paddled out of the cove . 
 ` let me see it , emma , ' he requested sternly . 
 ` let me see how bad it is . ' 
 hesitating for a moment , i slowly turned towards him and unwrapped the towel . 
 he sucked in through his teeth . 
 ` shit . 
 you cut it up pretty bad . ' 
 i quickly wrapped the towel back around my leg , clenching my teeth against the stinging burn . 
 cole did n't speak to me as we paddled past canoes full of drunken , laughing students . 
 when we finally arrived at the load-out , my leg was pulsing , and blood had seeped through the towel . 
 cole helped me out of the canoe , and i limped over the rocks to the van , where he lifted me in . 
 ` there 's a first-aid station at the campground , ' the driver announced , eyeing the bloody towel . ' 
 i can drop you off there if you want . ' 
 ` thanks , ' cole said , responding for me . 
 we continued in tense silence until we arrived back at the stanford camp , my leg thoroughly cleaned , bandaged and throbbing profusely . 
 'em ma , ' cole demanded , the uncharacteristic strain of emotion in his voice making me raise my head . 
 ` do you even know how f ** ked up that was ?! 
 you could 've seriously hurt yourself , or even died . 
 i ca n't believe ... ' he ran his hands through his hair and backed away . 
 he shook his head in angered disbelief . ' 
 i do n't understand you . ' 
 i remained silent . 
 cole tightened his jaw , running his hands through his hair again . ' 
 i need to clear my head . ' 
 he turned away from me and walked off down the gravel road . 
 i watched after him as laughter poured out of a van that pulled up to unload . 
 he deserved an explanation . 
 but i did n't have one that would satisfy him . 
 or one i understood myself . 
 i closed my eyes and sank back into a folding chair . 
 somewhere behind me a couple of guys were talking in the obnoxiously loud voices specially reserved for drunk college guys . 
 ` hey , dude , thanks for hitting me up last night . 
 that party was sick ! ' 
 ` were you at reeves 's party last weekend ? ' 
 a second guy asked . 
 ` jonathan 's ? ' 
 my eyes shot open . 
 ` yeah , that was the best party i 've ever been to . 
 what school did he graduate from again ? ' 
 ` architecture , i think . 
 he was a grad student , though . ' 
 my heart slammed against my chest . 
 i twisted around to see who was talking . 
 several guys were sitting at the picnic tables , stuffing their mouths with burgers . 
 ` whatever it was , he must 've landed some killer job in new york or something because that party must have cost him a ton , ' the guy in the grey t-shirt contributed . 
 i bent over with my elbows pressing against my thighs , trying to calm my frantic pulse . 
 there was no way it was him . 
 but when i turned back and saw the usc hat , i knew - do n't wait for me . 
 i do n't want you to be there for me , not ever . 
 stay out of my life . 
 my caustic words turned my stomach . 
 i had n't thought about him since that night i 'd driven him from my life . 
 until today . 
 now , with just the mention of his name , every thought of him i 'd pushed away came rushing back . 
 we trust each other with secrets no one else knows . 
 i covered my face with trembling hands . 
 i kept his secrets as my own , despite the weight they had on my conscience . 
 i 'd never told anyone what he 'd confessed to me that night . 
 and i 'd tried to shut it out , to forget the horror he 'd inflicted on so many lives . 
 but that was impossible . 
 ` when did he say he was leaving ? ' 
 i stilled , listening closely . ' 
 i do n't know - either today or tomorrow , i think . ' 
 ` back to new york ? 
 ` yeah , i guess he 's from there or something . ' 
 giving in to an impulse , i stood up and approached the table . 
 ` hey , ' i said at the end of the table . 
 ` were you guys talking about jonathan reeves ? ' 
 the guy in the grey t-shirt produced a half smile and said , ` yeah . 
 you know him ? ' ' 
 i do , ' i responded . ' 
 i was n't able to make the party last weekend . 
 but i wanted to say goodbye before he left . 
 except i ca n't find the email he sent . 
 do you still have it ? ' 
 the guy with the hat pulled out his phone . 
 ` yeah , i have it right here . 
 want me to forward it to you ? ' 
 ` that 'd be great . ' 
 i smiled faintly . 
 he handed me his phone , and i typed in my address and sent it . 
 ` thanks . ' 
 ` can i email you sometime ? ' 
 he asked with a wink . 
 i cringed . 
 ` uh , i did n't come here alone , ' i told him with an apologetic shrug , quickly backing away . 
 ` thanks for the info . ' 
 i continued across the stanford site and sat in another chair at the far end , away from the guys . 
 i pulled out my phone and went to my email , opening the forwarded invitation . 
 the invite announced a graduation/going-away party . 
 it was pretty straightforward - a date , time and location ... and a phone number . 
 i stared at the number displayed on my screen . 
 my world had been crumbling around me every day since that box was opened five months ago . 
 there was n't anyone who could understand the feeling of being consumed by a darkness that i did n't have the strength to fight . 
 no one would be able to comprehend the overwhelming feeling of hopelessness that was slowly unravelling the threads of my soul . 
 except for jonathan . 
 he was the only one who 'd ever understood . 
 which was why i 'd never told anyone about what he 'd done , because i understood . 
 we 'd both done terrible things in our lives , and we would always be bonded by our destruction . 
 i feel like i can tell you things ... things that i usually keep to myself . 
 most people do n't understand . 
 i inhaled as his voice echoed through my head . 
 my chest tore open , knowing how i had betrayed that trust . 
 i 'd taken his fears and insecurities and sliced him open with them . 
 i knew why he 'd never sought me out while we were both living in california . 
 i 'd made certain of it . 
 no one could ever love you . 
 i shuddered in disgust at the resonance of my own voice . 
 i 'd chosen this desolation when i 'd betrayed them both that night . 
 now i was being given a chance to make things right . 
 and if jonathan could n't forgive me , then no one would . 
 i anxiously flipped the phone over in my hands in contemplation . 
 every time i got up the nerve to dial his number , i 'd see his face , beaten and defeated , and erase it . 
 he probably hated me for what i 'd said . 
 but if there was a chance he did n't , i needed to find out . 
 hi . 
 it 's emma . 
 wondering how you are ? 
 i hit send , and i felt like i might be sick . 
 after a few minutes of barely breathing , my phone vibrated . 
 emma ? 
 wow . 
 never expected to hear from you . 
 i exhaled in a rush . 
 the sight of his response made my shoulders ease up . 
 ca n't say it was easy to text . 
 but i was thinking about you . 
 i bit at my lip as i waited . 
 i think about you all the time . 
 thought about finding you , but did n't . 
 thought you never wanted to see me again . 
 a shudder ran through me . 
 before i could respond , he followed up with another text . 
 so much has happened over the years . 
 i 've had time to think . 
 make some decisions . 
 when he did n't continue , i asked , what kind of decisions ? 
 i need to make amends . 
 so it means a lot to hear from you . 
 wish i could hear your voice , but ca n't talk now . 
 i typed , why ca n't you talk ? 
 i was tempted to call him . 
 my heartbeat picked up at just the thought of his voice on the other end . 
 leaving soon . 
 just know that i 'm sorry . 
 i never meant to hurt you . 
 his words had a finality that made my insides writhe . 
 where are you going ? 
 i suddenly feared there was more to this trip to new york than a career opportunity . 
 to make things right . 
 owe it to my family . 
 it 's time . 
 done destroying people 's lives . 
 i stared at the screen in alarm . 
 was he about to do something that would ruin his life ... and mine ? 
 i pressed the call-button and tried to control my frantic breaths as i waited for him to pick up . 
 after several rings , i got his voicemail . 
 please talk to me . 
 what are you planning to do ? 
 i typed quickly , my fingers fumbling with the letters . 
 sorry emma . 
 it 's too late . 
 need to go . 
 please forgive me . 
 i called again , and this time it went straight to voicemail . 
 jonathan . 
 what are you going to do ? 
 i could n't sit still . 
 i began pacing , waiting for his response . 
 my stomach twisted in on itself while i stared at the blank screen . 
 he never responded . 
 i walked to the suv , where i found cole sifting through his bag in the back . 
 still upset with me , he did n't look up when i approached . ' 
 i need to leave , ' i told him . ' 
 i have to go , and i need to borrow your car . 
 please . ' 
 i did n't even try to hide the panic in my voice . 
 ` what 's going on ? ' 
 cole demanded , examining my distraught face . 
 i looked down and paused a moment . 
 ` you 'll get your car back , i promise . 
 there 's something that i have to do , and it 's important . 
 i just ... please trust me , cole . ' 
 he stood before me , studying my face as i shifted , unable to hide my desperation . 
 ` take it . ' 
 he removed the keys from his pocket and dumped them in my hand . 
 i opened my mouth to thank him , but he turned away from me , zipped up his bag and slammed the back shut . 
 ` thanks , ' i whispered , knowing he could n't hear me . 
 i climbed into the driver 's seat of the suv and drove away , gripping the steering wheel tight to keep my hands from quaking . 
 i glanced in the side mirror to find cole watching me , his hands clasped behind his head . 
 i had to look away as the guilt spread like acid in my stomach . 
 i sped through the campground , leaving a cloud of dust behind me , determined to find jonathan . 
 13 too late 'em ma , where the hell are you ? 
 meg called and said you took off yesterday , but no one knows where you went . 
 i 'm about to board a plane and you have me completely freaked out . 
 i 'd better have a voicemail from you waiting when i land or i 'm going to lose it . ' 
 just thinking about what i should tell sara made my chest hurt . 
 instead , i called and said , ` i 'm fine . 
 i 'm at the house . 
 hope you had a good flight and call me when you can . ' 
 simple . 
 factual . 
 but avoiding the truth . 
 feeling like my insides were filled with cement , i climbed out of the suv and walked towards the house . 
 i had been up all night and i was too tired to get my bags from the trunk . 
 when i got closer , i found cole waiting for me on the front step . 
 evidently he 'd received my text letting him know he could pick up his suv any time after eleven . 
 i kept my eyes on the sidewalk , not wanting to face him until i had to . 
 standing in front of the stairs , i slowly raised my head . 
 his face was smooth and emotionless . 
 his blue eyes scanned my limp face . ' 
 i owe you an oil change , ' i said flatly , holding out the keys and dropping them in his outstretched hand . 
 ` where 'd you go ? ' 
 he asked , his voice carefully neutral . 
 ` to try to fix things with a friend , ' i answered , focused on the fading paint on the bottom of the stoop . 
 ` did you fix things ? ' 
 ` no , ' i whispered , swallowing the failure in the back of my throat . ' 
 i was too late . ' 
 my lip quivered , and i closed my eyes to keep the tears from escaping . 
 but they fell along my cheeks anyway . 
 i could 've blamed my emotional vulnerability on exhaustion , but that was n't true . 
 i hurt , much deeper than the tears rolling down my face . 
 ` i 'm sorry , ' cole offered with sincerity . 
 he rose from his perch and stepped towards me , wrapping me in his arms . 
 i could only nod , afraid to open my mouth because i did n't want to let out all that was trapped behind it . 
 my failure to find jonathan , to stop him and to make things right before he disappeared , crushed me . 
 he had n't responded to a single message i 'd left , begging him to call me . 
 the final voicemail message i 'd left at five o'clock this morning , before i drove back home , still echoed through my head . 
 ` it 's me again . 
 this is my last message . 
 i 've been up all night driving , and thinking about what happened that night . 
 and i wish i could take it back , every word i said . 
 because i was wrong . 
 i wish i could 've told you in person , but i do n't know where you are . 
 please do n't leave . 
 call me . ' 
 jonathan was gone . 
 staring into the window of his abandoned apartment , seeing that it had been completely cleared out , hit me harder than i was prepared for . 
 i wanted to see him . 
 i missed him . 
 i missed talking to him , missed the way he could make me laugh at the times i needed it most . 
 i missed our late nights , both of us unable to sleep and making fun of infomercials in the early hours of the morning . 
 wanting more than anything to hear his voice one more time on the other end of the phone , waiting for me to call him ... no matter what time or for what reason . 
 now he was no longer waiting . 
 i screwed up . 
 i screwed up so bad . 
 the acrid guilt ate at me with each mile i drove . 
 but i was too late . 
 i always realized the truth too late . 
 cole stroked my hair as the tears continued to cascade down my cheeks , soaking into his shirt . 
 ` i 'm sorry i left like that yesterday . ' 
 my voice was muffled against his chest . ' 
 i was panicked , and i did n't know how to explain ... ' ` it 's okay , ' he murmured in my ear . 
 ` i 'm sorry i got so angry . 
 i just ... i do n't want anything to happen to you . 
 and you scared me when you jumped . 
 you did n't even think twice , you were just ... gone . ' 
 i lifted my head and peered up at him . 
 his eyes were heavy with concern . 
 i ran my hand along the coarse blond stubble lining his jaw . 
 cole brushed the tears from my cheek with his thumb . ' 
 i do n't like seeing you so sad . ' 
 his words tugged at my heart . 
 then he lowered his mouth to mine and kissed me ever so gently , the brush of his lips igniting the charge between us . 
 i gripped the back of his neck and pressed my lips against his so hard it almost hurt . 
 i needed to feel him , to taste him , for his hands to touch me so i could release the ache - even if just for a little while . 
 cole pulled me against him , answering my silent plea with a heavy breath of want , gripping me so tightly i could feel his heart beat . 
 he clutched my hand and led me into the house and up the stairs without pause . 
 shutting the door behind us and securing the lock , he turned towards me and ran his fingers into my hair , overwhelming me with a kiss that shot through my entire system with a shocking jolt . 
 his muscles tightened along his back as i ran my hands up under his shirt , digging my fingers into his flesh . 
 he pulled his shirt over his head and continued kissing me - my mouth , my neck , my shoulder after stripping off my shirt - like he could kiss away the pain , wanting to make me whole . 
 i knew that even if he kissed me every second for the rest of my life , i would still be broken . 
 but i did n't want him to stop . 
 i devoured him as if he were a drug , desperate to push away the sadness . 
 the taste of him , the cool scent of his skin , the heat of his flesh pressed against mine , fed the addiction and filled the void for the moment . 
 we lay on our stomachs under the covers , our faces pressed against the pillows , looking at each other . 
 i leaned over and kissed his jaw . 
 ` why do you put up with me ? ' 
 i questioned , my voice slightly above a whisper . 
 ` maybe i like being tortured , ' he responded playfully . 
 i laughed . ' 
 i like making you laugh . ' 
 his mouth formed that adorable tilted smile . 
 ` it 's not easy , but it 's worth the effort . 
 and i like getting you nak * d. ' he leaned in and kissed me , running his warm hand along my back . ' 
 i did n't like what happened the last two days . 
 i really thought ... we were over . ' 
 he pulled away so he could look me in the eye . 
 ` is that what you want ? 
 to be over ? ' 
 i shook my head ever so slightly . 
 it was n't the answer i should have given , but it was the truth . 
 ` but i ca n't let you in , and that 's not fair to you . ' 
 ` let me decide that . ' 
 i released a resigned breath . 
 ` promise me one thing . ' 
 ` what 's that ? ' 
 ` that you 'll leave , that you 'll walk away when i 'm too much . 
 before i hurt you . 
 i do n't want to hurt you , but i 'm not strong enough to give you up . ' ' 
 i wo n't let you hurt me , emma . 
 i swear . ' 
 he held me captive in the depths of his blue eyes , before leaning in and pressing against my lips . 
 cole rested his head back down on the pillow . 
 i watched him close his eyes and eventually drift to sleep . 
 as i watched cole beside me i found my thoughts drifting towards jonathan . 
 no one could ever love you . 
 i squeezed my eyes shut against the hate that had spewed from my mouth . 
 he was n't going to call me back , and i did n't blame him . 
 my search for redemption was futile . 
 words could n't be unspoken , and the damage they did was irreparable . 
 i knew that better than most . 
 but there was something more that kept me from falling asleep . 
 jonathan was planning to do something he could never undo - i needed to find him . 
 i had to go to new york . 
 if that 's where he was , then that 's where i needed to be . 
 i was roused by the sound of my phone vibrating . 
 lifting my heavy head , i peered at the clock . 
 it was after four in the morning . 
 i was about to roll back under the protection of cole 's arm when panic set in . 
 jonathan . 
 the phone fell silent . 
 i slipped out of the bed and knelt on the floor , frantically searching the clothes abandoned on the floor in the dark . 
 i slid a t-shirt that smelled of cole over my bare skin and located my shorts just as my phone started up again . 
 seated next to the bed , i held it up and paused at the sight of the mckinleys ' number on my screen . 
 i sighed , bracing for a lecture on the other end of the phone , assuming sara had arrived home and called me as soon as it was daylight , not caring about the three-hour time difference . 
 but just as i said , ` hello , ' it struck me that it was n't possible for sara to be home yet , and dread crashed into my stomach like a large stone thrown from a cliff . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 anna confirmed . 
 'em ma , honey , it 's anna . ' 
 i could n't breathe . 
 ` hi , anna , ' i managed to choke out . 
 her voice was alarmingly distraught , even in the few words she 'd said . 
 'em ma , something awful has happened , ' anna continued , her voice cracking . 
 ` it 's your mother . ' 
 she paused . 
 ` she took her life late last night . ' 
 i was in the dark , deep in a hole that chilled me to the bone . 
 i could n't see . 
 i could n't hear . 
 i could n't feel anything except the cold . 
 i clutched my knees to my chest and began rocking my trembling body . 
 'em ma ? 
 are you there ? ' 
 her voice was a distant buzz in my ear . 
 ` honey , can you say something ? ' 
 ` she 's dead , ' i muttered , my voice sounding foreign , like it was coming from outside of my body . 
 ` yes . 
 i 'm so sorry . ' 
 anna 's voice wavered . 
 ` we 're going to get you home as soon as we can . 
 i 'm making arrangements now , okay ? ' 
 her voice disappeared , and i was isolated in the dark again , unable to hear her . 
 i lowered the phone and braced myself against the frigidness that enveloped me . 
 i hate her , sara , i hate her so much ... i wish she were dead . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 meg broke through the voices . 
 i squinted up at her in confusion . 
 the room was so bright with the overhead light , it felt like i was staring into the sun . 
 'em ma , can you hear me ? ' 
 she knelt down next to me , slowly coming into focus . 
 alarmed , i glanced around and noticed that there were more people in my room . 
 peyton was sitting on the bed , and serena was on the floor on the other side of me , holding my hand . 
 i glanced up and saw cole , watching me from within the open doorway . 
 luke and james were in the hall , talking softly . 
 my eyes flicked from face to face in confusion . 
 then i remembered . 
 the air was expelled from my lungs as if my chest had been punctured . 
 ` did i wake you ? ' 
 i questioned , focusing on meg 's sorrowful green eyes . 
 ` no , you did n't wake us , ' she assured me . 
 ` sara 's mom called me . 
 emma , i 'm so sorry . ' 
 she wrapped her arms around my shoulders as serena squeezed my hand . 
 i patted her on the back gently , trying to console her . 
 i was still in the dark , unable to connect with what was happening . 
 so i let her hold me for as long as she needed . 
 ` i 'll see you when i get back . ' 
 i hugged meg and serena at the kerb of the airport drop-off . 
 then i turned to face cole . 
 he examined me as if i were made of glass that was slowly cracking , fearing i 'd shatter with the slightest pressure . 
 ` i 'll see you in santa barbara before you know it . ' ' 
 i wish you 'd let me go with you , ' he said , lightly running his thumb along my cheek . ' 
 i know , ' i responded in a hush . 
 ` but i do n't even want to go back . 
 i have to . 
 besides , you have to get ready for finals , and you ca n't miss classes . 
 it 's better this way . 
 sara will be there , so i 'll be fine . ' 
 ` will you call me ? ' 
 i nodded . 
 he leaned in and brushed my lips with his . 
 i left them behind me , my face masked with a faint smile of assurance , trying to make them feel as if i were more held together than i was . 
 then i turned towards the entrance , walking through the electric doors , and panic swept through my stomach like a turbulent storm . 
 i concentrated on breathing as i rolled through security , half expecting to be pulled aside for suspicious behaviour as beads of sweat spread across my forehead . 
 i sat in a chair facing the runway , uncertain how i was going to force myself onto the plane to fly to the one place in the world i 'd never intended to return . 
 i had n't set one foot in weslyn since the day i 'd fled two years ago , and i was on the verge of sprinting back out of the terminal to keep it that way when my phone rang . 
 ` hi , ' i answered faintly . 
 ` how are you doing ? ' 
 sara asked . 
 ` really ? ' 
 ` yeah , i know . 
 stupid question . 
 i 'll be picking you up from the airport . 
 i 'll help you get through this . ' 
 ` thanks , ' i said , wanting it to be over already . 
 i 'd kept myself busy contacting my professors to explain why i would n't be in classes this week and arranging to make up the final exams later in the summer . 
 i had n't stopped for a moment to think of anything - not until i stepped through the airport door , and the reality of what was happening became unavoidable . 
 ` sara , i 'm not staying in weslyn . ' 
 ` what ? 
 what do you mean ? 
 my parents are expecting you to stay at our house . ' ' 
 i ca n't . ' 
 my voice was strained . 
 ` there 's a motel along the highway , right outside town . 
 i 'll stay there . 
 i really ... ca n't . ' 
 ` okay , ' sara soothed patiently . 
 ` just concentrate on getting on the plane . 
 we 'll figure the rest out when i see you . ' 
 the airline representative announced that they were about to start boarding . ' 
 i have to go , ' i told her . 
 ` i 'll see you later . ' 
 ` i 'll be here , ' sara assured me . 
 i boarded the plane and tucked my carry-on in the bin above before taking the window seat , excusing myself past two middle-aged men dressed in business suits . 
 i gazed blindly out the window as my breath shot out in short bursts . 
 ` do n't like flying ? ' 
 the man next to me asked , eyeing my hands twisting around each other in my lap . 
 ` it 's more about the landing , ' i murmured honestly . ' 
 i fly all of the time , ' he assured me . 
 ` there 's nothing to worry about . ' 
 i nodded , trying to push my lips into a smile , but failed to look anything other than terrified . 
 i closed my eyes and clenched my hands into fists , willing myself to calm down . 
 i was on the verge of a full-on panic attack . 
 ` you could use a drink , ' he observed with a slight chuckle . 
 ` too bad i 'm only nineteen . ' 
 he eyed me like i was losing my mind . 
 which was n't far from the truth . 
 ` if you 're going to be like this the entire flight , i 'll buy you a drink . ' 
 ` sure , ' i responded , desperate to be rid of the anxiety . 
 once we were in flight , the two men each ordered a vodka and soda while i requested a water . 
 i was surprised when they both handed me their drinks . 
 i guess i was n't the best flight companion . 
 ` thanks , ' i responded , reaching for my wallet to pay them back . 
 the man beside me held up his hand , ` do n't worry about it . ' 
 i sucked the drinks down with a frantic thirst and returned them to the gentlemen 's tray tables with the ice barely melted . 
 they chuckled , and about an hour later , when i was still gripping the arm of the seat like i expected the plane to go down any minute , two more drinks were set in front of me . 
 ` miss , ' i heard through the fog in my head . 
 ` miss , we 've landed . ' 
 a hand gently touched my shoulder . 
 i peeled my face off the window and looked around in confusion . 
 it took me a few blinks to recognize where i was . 
 ` shit . ' 
 i sighed , making the flight attendant with the bright yellow hair raise her eyebrows in surprise . 
 ` uh , thanks . ' 
 i unbuckled and tried to concentrate on getting out of the seat without falling over , the vodka still dancing in my head . 
 thankfully the plane was practically empty , so i did n't have to fight with passengers to get my luggage . 
 i pulled it down from the overhead compartment and nearly knocked myself out when it hit the top of my head . 
 ` can i help you with that ? ' 
 a male attendant offered , eyeing me nervously . 
 ` no , i got it , ' i insisted , flushing with embarrassment . 
 ` thanks . ' 
 i took a deep breath and rolled the suitcase after me , trying to convey some semblance of sobriety . 
 i continued up the jetway towards the terminal , pausing once because i was convinced my knees were going to buckle and i 'd fall on my face . 
 the buzz in my head was fading , and the panic was forcing itself to the surface . 
 if i was going to make it through this airport without collapsing , then i needed a little help . 
 14 just like your mother my phone vibrated in my hand as soon as i switched it off airplane mode , just as i 'd anticipated it would . 
 ` hi , ' i said , closing my eyes and leaning my head back against the wall . 
 ` where are you ? ' 
 sara asked , her voice steady but with a hint of unease . 
 ` umm ... ' i paused , swallowing the lump in my throat . ' 
 i do n't know . 
 outside a bar . ' 
 ` you were drinking ? ' 
 i remained quiet , waiting for the vodka to coat my insides with its numbing potency . 
 ` i 'm sorry , ' i whispered , biting my lip , which refused to stop quivering . ' 
 i ca n't do this , sara . 
 i ... ca n't ... ' ` it 's okay . 
 i 'm here . 
 just tell me where you are . ' 
 ` uh ... still in the terminal , ' i looked around , ignoring the glances shot in my direction . 
 ` follow the signs to baggage claim . 
 i 'm here , ' she instructed , her voice calm and soothing . 
 ` okay , ' i choked , grabbing the handle of my suitcase and standing up from the bench . 
 i paused for a moment to steady myself . 
 my feet haphazardly carried me towards the rolling sidewalk . 
 i realized i still had the phone against my face . 
 ` sara ? ' 
 ` yeah , i 'm still here , ' sara responded . 
 ` are you coming ? ' 
 ` yeah , ' i breathed , closing my eyes . 
 my insides tightened , and i feared i was going to collapse as i leaned against the railing that moved me along the conveyor . ' 
 i ... ca n't ... ' ` yes , you can , ' she encouraged me . 
 ` i 'm going to get you through this . ' 
 ` fuck , ' i uttered , stumbling off the end of the moving sidewalk . 
 i stood off to the side to collect myself and let other gawking passengers pass me . 
 ` i 'll be right there . ' 
 sara was at the bottom of the escalator , impatiently awaiting my arrival . 
 as soon as i stepped onto the carpet , she pulled me in to her . 
 i squeezed my eyes shut , determined not to cry . 
 ` i 've missed you so much , ' she murmured in my ear , holding me firmly to keep me upright . 
 i wavered on my feet when she let go . 
 she looked me up and down . 
 ` you look like shit . ' 
 i released a broken laugh . ' 
 i feel worse . 
 actually ... ' i hesitated , thinking . 
 ` i 'm starting not to feel anything right about now . ' 
 ` oh , emma . ' 
 she shook her head , looking concerned , ' i leave you for a few months , and you become a lush . 
 what am i going to do with you ? ' 
 she grabbed my hand and my suitcase , dragging us both towards the exit . 
 ` you need to sober up , or at least act sober , because we 're meeting my mom right now . ' 
 ` shit , really ? ' 
 i groaned . ' 
 i did n't know ... i 'm sorry . ' 
 ` it 's okay . ' 
 she sighed . 
 ` but let 's try not to self-medicate with alcohol for the next few days , all right ? ' 
 i did n't promise anything , but continued to let her lead me towards her car . 
 being by sara 's side , in combination with the drunken swirl that was overtaking me , eased my nerves ... momentarily . 
 the hour drive was n't long enough . 
 it was n't long enough to sober up . 
 it was n't long enough to prepare myself for the reason i 'd returned to weslyn . 
 we pulled into the small parking lot alongside the light blue victorian house . 
 it looked so warm and inviting from the outside , but on the inside i knew it was filled with death . 
 i shivered . 
 ` we wo n't be long , ' sara assured me , pulling me away from staring at the sign - ` lionel 's funeral home ' - posted on the lawn . 
 ` come on , em . 
 my mom is waiting . 
 charles is with her too , to help with the details . ' 
 i could n't really say what happened after that . 
 i swear i blacked out , because the next thing i knew , we were back in the car . 
 ` told you it would be quick , ' sara said , buckling her seatbelt . 
 ` yeah , ' i inhaled , feeling like it was the first breath i 'd taken since we 'd pulled up . ' 
 i just need to stop by the house to pick up my bag , ' sara explained as we pulled away . 
 ` what ? 
 no ! ' 
 i exclaimed a little too loudly . 
 ` what 's wrong ? ' 
 sara questioned in alarm . ' 
 i ca n't go any further into weslyn , ' i said passionately . 
 i was grateful that they 'd hidden the funeral home along the borders of the town , so the residents could remain blissfully ignorant of the pain in their back yards . 
 ` please , sara , take me to the motel . ' 
 sara was quiet a moment and finally said , ` okay . 
 i 'll drop you off and then come back to get my things . ' 
 ` thank you , ' i said , relieved . 
 i pressed my head against the glass and watched the trees blur by . 
 the numbness was subsiding , and exhaustion settled in . 
 ` maybe i 'll lie down for a while . ' 
 ` that 's not a bad idea . ' 
 minutes later , it was like we 'd crossed an invisible line and were instantly transported into a world of billboards and neon lights , with the roar of traffic flying by on the highway overhead . 
 sara pulled into the broken-asphalt parking lot . 
 ` this is where we 're staying ? ' 
 sara asked . 
 it was obvious she was skeeved out by the place . 
 admittedly , it was n't much to look at . 
 the blue paint was faded and chipping , and the numbers on some of the doors had been replaced with numbers that did n't match . 
 there was a pool with a chain-link fence around it . 
 the water was an unnatural hue of green that reminded me of a sci-fi movie where alien eggs incubated at the bottom of a pool . 
 ` are you sure this is what you want to do ? ' 
 i knew it was her way of begging me to change my mind . 
 ` you do n't have to stay , ' i told her , opening the door . 
 ` yeah , i do , ' she replied , her voice resigned . 
 ` i 'll check us in if you want to grab your bag out of the trunk . ' 
 after she returned , i followed sara up cement stairs with a rickety metal railing and allowed her to open the door to room 212 , with the second two slightly askew . 
 the room smelled of chemicals , stale cigarettes and ... age , like it 'd been festering for too long within its decaying walls . 
 sara yanked back the thick dark blue curtains to let in the sun . 
 it did n't really matter ; the room still felt dark . 
 it shrank away from the light in permanent shadow . 
 i did n't mind . 
 i felt an instant connection with its darkness , preferring it to the bright may sunlight outside . 
 i sat on the bed furthest from the window and removed my shoes , contemplating lying down to recover from the fog that floated through my head . 
 ` i 'll be back in a little while , ' sara promised , standing by the door , inspecting me . 
 ` i 'll bring back food too . ' 
 she hesitated , conflicted about leaving me alone . 
 ` i 'll be fine , ' i said , providing the assurance she needed to walk out the door . 
 she smiled faintly and left . 
 i stared at the closed beige-metal door . 
 emma , i 'm so sorry . 
 i blinked away the feel of anna 's arms around me and the image of her red teary eyes . 
 you look so thin . 
 i squeezed my eyes shut tighter , fending off the voices . 
 fragments of my time at the funeral home were surfacing now that i was sobering . 
 rubbing the grogginess from my eyes , i pushed off the bed , walked over to the large window and looked down at the pool with the plastic lawn chairs scattered around it . 
 we picked out pictures to display tomorrow . 
 do you want to look through them to tell us what you think ? 
 your mother requested to be cremated ... which urn would you prefer ? 
 i shuddered and wrapped my arms tight around my chest , shaking my head violently , not wanting to hear them , to see the shiny boxes and the ornate vases . 
 where would your mother have preferred to have her tombstone ? 
 ` stop ! ' 
 i yelled , clutching the sides of my head . 
 ` shut up ! ' 
 i slammed my hand against the glass , and it shook under my palm . 
 a small shack across the street drew my attention - faded cardboard signs propped up in the windows advertised beer and liquor . 
 i breathed in heavily through my nostrils with my teeth clenched , trying to hold it together . 
 but i knew it would n't be long before i lost it completely . 
 i eyed the liquor store again . 
 a place like that probably would n't card , but i did n't want to risk it . 
 i needed a sure thing . 
 i scanned the parking lot , and settled on a figure by the pool . 
 a guy in a white tank top and faded jeans sat on a sagging chair , smoking a cigarette , wearing oversized headphones . 
 he looked like he was easily over twenty-one . 
 i took in a breath , committed to silencing the noise . 
 grabbing my tote bag with my wallet and room key inside , i did n't bother covering my bare feet . 
 he did n't seem the type to pass judgement . 
 if anything , approaching him barefoot might win me some points . 
 with that in mind , i clipped my bangs back , shook my fingers through my hair and stripped off my light sweater to reveal a fitted tank top beneath . 
 i flipped a strap so it dangled off my shoulder and allowed desperation to provide the courage i needed to walk down the rough stairs towards the pool . 
 it did n't take him long to notice me , and he was n't subtle about it either as he scanned every inch of my body , sliding the headphones around his neck . 
 i contained the shudder as he molested me with his eyes . 
 ` hey , ' i smiled flirtatiously . 
 ` what are you up to ? ' 
 ` not much , ' he responded , running a grease-stained hand through his mop of sandy blond hair . 
 ` you ? ' 
 ` my friends and i are throwing a party in our room later , ' i explained , trying to sound as flighty as i could , ` but i ca n't buy . 
 i was wondering if you could help me out ? 
 you can invite your friends over too if you want . ' 
 ` oh , yeah . ' 
 he grinned , licking his lower lip . 
 i swallowed the bile rising in the back of my throat . ' 
 i suppose i could help you out . 
 what do you want ? ' 
 ` vodka , ' i said , almost too quickly . 
 i grimaced , hoping he had n't picked up on the desperation in my voice . 
 i dug in my wallet and produced a handful of twenties from the cash charles stanley had provided me earlier while we were at the funeral parlour . 
 ` nice , ' he said admiringly . 
 ` you want the good stuff ? ' 
 i shrugged indifferently as he took the bills , his fingers sliding along mine in the exchange . 
 i fought the urge to pull away . 
 ` do you want anything to mix it with ? ' 
 ` uh , not really , ' i responded , knowing i needed it as potent as i could get it if i were going to survive the next couple of days . 
 ` how about a couple of limes ? ' 
 ` sure thing , sweet cheeks . ' 
 he winked . 
 ` i 'm kevin by the way . ' 
 ` well , thanks a lot for helping a girl out , kevin , ' i responded , trying my best to flutter my eyes - as pathetic as it felt . 
 ` i 'll be right back , ' he assured me , swatting me on the ass as he passed . 
 i released a small yelp that made him laugh . 
 in his absence , i filled a bag of ice and found a couple of wrapped plastic cups . 
 i returned to the pool just as he strutted across the parking lot with a paper bag teetering on his arm . 
 ` here you go . ' 
 he presented me with two bottles of vodka . ' 
 i bought one for me too . ' 
 ` that 's fine , ' i responded , unscrewing the top and letting the clear liquid flow over the ice cubes , almost sighing as i gulped down half the cup . 
 my stomach ignited upon contact , sending a shiver through me with a rush of saliva in the back of my throat . 
 kevin lowered himself onto the lawn chair on the other side of the plastic table , grabbed a cup and scooped ice out of the bag , an unlit cigarette dangling from his mouth . 
 he started talking . 
 i had no idea what he was saying . 
 i just nodded and stared at the green water , sipping the chilled vodka , waiting for the numbness - impatiently filling the cup two or three more times . 
 near my father . 
 she 'd want her headstone in the same place as my father 's . 
 i crushed my teeth together , fighting against the persistent buzz of voices penetrating the numb barrier . 
 i swallowed down the rest of the vodka and dumped more on top of the cubes of ice . 
 it would be nice for you to share some moments you had with your mother . 
 i was at the edge of the pool , staring into its murky green depths . 
 my body was numb , but the voices kept talking . 
 they would n't stop . 
 i slowly shook my head , needing to be rid of them . 
 i closed my eyes and took a step . 
 the water was cool , and the chlorine burned my nose as the water rushed in around me . 
 i pulled my knees up into me and sank to the bottom , my feet thumping against the rough concrete . 
 i kept my eyes closed . 
 and finally , there was ... silence . 
 i hugged my knees tighter against me and absorbed the quiet . 
 i released small bursts of air through my nose . 
 after a time my lungs began to burn , but i did n't move . 
 i let the cool water keep me captive . 
 the panic never set in , like in my dreams . 
 i 'd drowned many times in my sleep . 
 i was always so afraid , frantic to breathe . 
 but here ... there was calm . 
 inviting me to stay . 
 i ignored the need to inhale and the growing pressure in my chest . 
 the water murmured around me . 
 i opened my eyes and listened . 
 it sounded like ... yelling . 
 i jerked my head up and saw two figures looming over the edge of the pool , sara 's red hair hanging above the water . 
 i pushed hard off the pool 's hard bottom and inhaled deeply as i broke through , swallowing water with the air . 
 i began choking on the chemically tainted water , coughing until i thought i might vomit . 
 my breath eventually evened out as i clutched the side of the pool . 
 that 's when the yelling cut through , as if i 'd just released the mute button . 
 ` holy shit , emma ! ' 
 sara bellowed . 
 her shoes were kicked off , like she was about to jump in . 
 ` what the hell were you doing down there ?! ' 
 ` she 's a f ** king psycho , is what she is ! ' 
 kevin shouted behind her . 
 ` she looked like a f ** king zombie who just kept walking into the water . 
 your friend 's a wack job , sister . ' 
 ` shut up ! ' 
 sara yelled over her shoulder as i pulled myself up to sit on the edge of the pool . 
 ` just get the f ** k away from us ! ' 
 ` you do n't have to tell me twice , ' he said . 
 ` fucking psycho . ' 
 he continued rambling as he walked across the parking lot with the paper bag in his hand . 
 ` are you okay ? ' 
 sara asked as i coughed again , spitting up water . 
 i nodded . 
 sara sighed heavily . 
 'em ma , that was messed up . ' 
 she helped me to my feet , shaking her head . 
 sara waited by the pool 's gate as i collected my tote bag . 
 i was about to grab the nearly empty bottle of vodka when she demanded , ` leave it . ' 
 i released my grip and silently followed her into the motel room . 
 puddles of water trailed from my wet jeans as i walked through the motel room and into the bathroom . 
 i stripped off the sopping clothes and stood under the blast of hot water in the shower until it turned cold . 
 i still could n't feel a thing . 
 no emotion . 
 no sensation . 
 no thoughts . 
 and the voices were vanquished . 
 i fumbled for a towel to wrap around my head and another to cover my body . 
 the scratchy white material barely covered me . 
 sara sat at the small round table on a stained fabric-covered chair . 
 she raised her head when i emerged from the fog-filled bathroom , clouds of vapour billowing out after me . 
 i avoided eye contact as the room swirled around me . 
 my feet were finding it difficult to hold me up . 
 i plopped down on the edge of the bed and pressed my palms against my eyes . ' 
 i know you do n't want to be here , ' sara said quietly , fighting her emotions . ' 
 i can only imagine how hard this is for you . 
 but , emma , you 're not alone . 
 and you have to realize that you have people who care about you . 
 who want to help you . ' 
 i blinked heavily and raised my eyes to focus on her . 
 ` you ca n't keep pushing everyone away . ' 
 she stood up from the chair , her body tense . 
 ` you ca n't keep doing this , because one of these days , you 'll wake up and have no one . ' 
 i squinted my eyes up towards her , her words echoing in my head . 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` i 'm not going to let you , ' sara 's passionate plea took on strength with each word . ' 
 i wo n't let you push me away too . ' 
 when i still did n't react , she pressed her lips together , and her eyes watered . 
 ` do you hear what i 'm saying ?! 
 emma , look at me ! ' 
 i lolled my head to the side , having difficulty balancing it on my shoulders . 
 ` goddammit , em ! ' 
 she cried , shaking her head . 
 her jaw tensed , and her fingers curled into fists . 
 ` i 'm not going to let you do this to yourself ! 
 no matter what . 
 i wo n't let you end up like your mother ! ' 
 i froze . 
 my eyes steadied on her . 
 sara 's face paled when she realized what she 'd just said . 
 ` get out . ' 
 'em ma , i 'm sorry , ' she cried . ' 
 i did n't mean that . ' 
 ` get out ! ' 
 i screamed , making her jump . 
 sara brushed away a tear and nodded slightly . 
 taking the room key and her purse , she moved towards the door . 
 she gave me a sorrowful glance before closing it behind her . 
 my whole body quivered . 
 i fell onto my side on the bed and folded the stale white sheets around me . 
 i stared at the wall as the room swirled around me . 
 everything inside remained quiet . 
 eventually , i closed my eyes and succumbed to the nothingness . 
 15 different i stood in the corner of the main parlour in the funeral home , withdrawing from the mourners swarming around me . 
 a shimmer of light caught my eye across the room . 
 i stared out at the soft blue sky and wisps of clouds as they drifted past the small rectangular window at the top of the wall . 
 the clouds appeared so white against the pristine sky , floating as if carried along a river . 
 a bird fluttered across the scene occasionally , making me wish i was soaring alongside it - away from the whispers , the consoling words , the hands that jostled me and arms that clutched me to unfamiliar bodies . 
 i needed to escape the sorrowful faces and teary eyes . 
 did you hear she hanged herself ? 
 i blinked , my blissful retreat interrupted . 
 i scanned the room filled with faces . 
 faces that would n't stop watching me . 
 'em ma , i am so sorry . ' 
 a slender older female stood before me , startling me . 
 i pressed my lips into a tight appreciative smile . 
 she hugged me . 
 i stiffened against her . ' 
 i worked with rachel , and she was always so happy . 
 i 'm going to miss her . ' 
 i nodded absently . 
 ` thank you . ' 
 tied the rope around the banister and jumped . 
 broke her neck instantly . 
 my eyes jumped from face to face , looking for the source of the whispering . 
 pain catapulted through my head with the movement , repercussions from the poolside vodka . 
 my vision blurred slightly . 
 i raised my hand to my head , convinced i was hearing things . 
 'em ma , have you eaten ? ' 
 ` huh ? ' 
 i jolted to attention . 
 it was the first time i 'd heard sara 's voice all day . 
 we had n't spoken since she returned to the motel room sometime in the night . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 sara inspected me carefully . 
 ` what 's wrong ? ' 
 ` um ... nothing . ' 
 i tried to breathe evenly . ' 
 i think ... i think i need a break . ' 
 ` you should eat something , ' she encouraged . 
 ` my mom 's fixing you a plate in the kitchen . ' 
 i nodded absently , my eyes still twitching from face to face . 
 i felt like i was losing it . 
 my head was in so much pain , i could have heard anything and not understood a word . 
 i tried to slip through the bodies , but was stopped with hugs and words of condolence along the way . 
 i 'd perfected ` thank you ' so much so that it slipped from my mouth automatically , without truly hearing the sentiment that prompted it . 
 you 've never thought about anyone other than yourself my entire life ! 
 you 're not a mother , you never have been ! 
 they did n't know the truth about the woman they were mourning . 
 i knew too well , and seeing the captured seconds of happiness displayed around the room was enough to put me over the edge . 
 i slipped into the kitchen at the end of the hall unnoticed . 
 i found a tall glass and filled it with ice before retreating back into the hallway and easing open the door to the office i 'd been in yesterday . 
 behind the large desk was a closet , and in that closet was my tote bag , which contained the only thing that could cure my headache and erase all of these people from existence . 
 i unscrewed the bottle and tipped the vodka into the glass , taking a few sips with a shudder . 
 with a small tin of altoids in my pocket , i left the room clutching the glass firmly , slinking back to my corner and setting it behind me within reach . 
 i remained there , staring out the window , uttering ` thank you ' to the droves of people gathered to pay tribute to the woman who had never been my mother . 
 i did n't want to be here . 
 i probably did n't want to be here any more than she did . 
 but i was n't here for rachel walace . 
 i manoeuvred through the crowd when we entered the funeral home filled with pictures and flowers . 
 i did n't give the images a second glance , trying to blend in , to stay out of her sight until i was ready . 
 i was n't convinced that would be any time soon . 
 ` she 's in the other room . ' 
 i looked down to find the kind face of ms mier in front of me . 
 ` hi , ms mier . 
 it 's nice to see you . ' 
 i smiled warmly at the woman who had always taken the time to understand , and often understood more than we realized . 
 ` it 's nice to see you too , evan . 
 i wish it were under better circumstances . 
 i hope you 're doing well at yale . ' 
 she patted my arm , and just before she passed me , she said quietly , ` she 's in the far corner in the other room . 
 you should talk to her . ' 
 ` thank you , ' i replied , nodding appreciatively . 
 i did want to talk to her . 
 i 'd been waiting for two years to talk to her . 
 but i knew this was n't the place to do it . 
 ` evan - ' sara confronted me with a stern look on her face . 
 ` what are you - ' she released a heavy breath . ' 
 i know you had to be here . 
 really , i do . 
 but she should n't see you . ' 
 i was expecting this reaction , but it did n't mean i liked it . 
 ` hi , sara , ' i responded . 
 ` can i do anything to help ? ' 
 she sighed . 
 ` no , we 're okay . 
 but , evan , just know that ... she 's different , ' she murmured before disappearing into the crowd . 
 i looked after her , struck by her words . 
 i continued down the hall that ended at the kitchen and allowed entry into the grand parlour . 
 i scanned the room , filled with familiar faces from high school , and others i did n't recognize . 
 searching for her - needing to see her , whether i was ready or not . 
 'em ma , dear . ' 
 her voice stilled my breath . ' 
 i am so sorry for your loss . ' 
 i stared right into the vibrant blue eyes of vivian mathews , unable to speak . 
 she ran her cool , thin hand down the side of my face . 
 ` you are such a strong young woman . 
 i wish you did n't have to go through this . ' 
 i shifted my gaze , before she saw that my ` strength ' was barely holding me up . 
 ` i 'm sorry about your mother , emma , ' jared 's deep voice offered in condolence . 
 the need to escape seized me . 
 i nodded slightly . 
 vivian wrapped me gingerly in her arms and said soothingly in my ear , ` if you ever need anything , i am here for you . ' 
 my hands shook as i feebly returned her embrace . 
 and then they were gone , lost in the crowd . 
 i looked around for them , certain that if they were here , so was he . 
 i turned towards the glass set in the corner and took several large gulps to ease my nerves . 
 i was n't ready . 
 i did n't think i 'd ever be ready to see evan again , but it did n't stop me from looking around the room , searching for his steel-blue eyes . 
 then i saw her . 
 at the same moment she saw me . 
 her light brown eyes froze as if she 'd been ensnared . 
 the hints of the california sun suited her , but she looked drained and fragile in her dark dress . 
 she 'd cut her hair so it rested against her jaw , her bangs sweeping along her brow . 
 she was thinner , the roundness of her face replaced by slender angles and jutting cheekbones . 
 i almost could 've convinced myself it was n't her , but then i saw the blush rise to her cheeks , and i felt my mouth turn up slightly . 
 she was still breathtakingly beautiful . 
 except for the vacancy in her eyes . 
 ` evan , i ca n't believe you 're here . ' 
 i pulled my eyes away from emma . 
 ` hi , jill . 
 how 've you been ? ' 
 i fought every desire to ignore the insensitive girl , and smiled politely in her direction . 
 i stole a glance back to where emma had been . 
 but she was gone . 
 ` have you spoken to analise lately ? ' 
 she pried , never one to respect personal boundaries . 
 ` not in a while , no , ' i responded , looking around for an escape . 
 ` she would die if she knew you were here , ' jill continued to harp . 
 ` have you seen emma ? 
 i swear she 's hungover . ' 
 ` her mother just died , jill , ' i said sternly , trying to conceal my anger . ' 
 i still do n't understand why you 're here , ' she repeated . ' 
 i mean , after what she did to you ... omigod . ' 
 i refused to react to her comment . 
 ` it was good seeing you again , jill . 
 but i 'm going to see if mrs mckinley needs my help . ' 
 i pushed further into the room , peering over and around the mourners , but emma had disappeared . ' 
 i thought you were n't going to talk to her , ' jared said , coming up beside me . 
 ` i 'm not , ' i replied guiltily . ' 
 i was looking for you . ' 
 ` yeah , right , ' he scoffed . 
 then his attention was drawn towards the red hair that weaved through the crowd . 
 ` are you going to talk to her ? ' 
 he glared in response . 
 ` what the hell do i say ? 
 besides , this is n't exactly the best place to talk . ' 
 i knew exactly what he meant . 
 his eyes continued to follow her . 
 as if sensing him , sara looked up and they made eye contact . 
 jared looked at her dumbly . 
 i nudged him to pursue her , but she whipped herself around and strode aggressively in the opposite direction . 
 ` that went well , ' i said sardonically . 
 ` shut up , ' he muttered . 
 'em ma was looking for you . 
 as soon as she saw mom and me , she looked for you . 
 so what are you going to do ? ' ' 
 i do n't know yet , ' i admitted , still searching the faces for the girl who had broken my heart . 
 once i saw vivian i knew he 'd be here . 
 i shook my head and paced the office . 
 i could n't go back out there . 
 not until i knew evan was gone . 
 i felt like my heart was going to pound out of my chest . 
 i looked down at the silver box i 'd tucked under my arm on my way out of the room . 
 ` what the hell is he doing here ? ' 
 i asked the object . 
 the panic continued to build ; i could n't calm down . 
 i could hear people talking on the other side of the door , and recognized the funeral director 's dreary tone . 
 not wanting to explain why i was in his office holding my mother 's ashes , i rushed to the closet behind his desk and hid inside . 
 i held my breath , waiting for the voices in the office to disappear . 
 when the light clicked off and the door closed behind them , i exhaled and rested against the wall . 
 i reached above my head and found a string . 
 an exposed bulb illuminated the long , narrow closet . 
 my jacket , along with sara , anna and carl 's , hung on the metal pipe secured into each side of the wall . 
 at the far end was a stack of brown-metal folding chairs . 
 my feet bumped the tote bag on the floor . ' 
 i might as well , ' i murmured . ' 
 i mean , it is your memorial . ' 
 i slid down the wall and kicked off my shoes . 
 the glass i 'd emptied in the parlour had taken the edge off . 
 but it was n't enough . 
 i unscrewed the bottle . 
 ` cheers , mom . ' 
 i tapped the metal box with the bottle before taking a large swig and embraced the swirl that rocked through my head . 
 i stared at the shiny silver container , taking a few more gulps of the numbing elixir . 
 ` did you really hang yourself ? ' 
 i paused as if she 'd really answer . 
 ` why ? 
 why would you do that ? 
 were you really that unhappy ? ' 
 i released a heavy breath and rested my arm on the top of the box . 
 ` well ... i hope you got what you wanted . 
 i hope the pain 's gone . ' 
 ` sara , ' i interrupted her while she was speaking with some parents i only recognized by sight . 
 ` do you have a minute ? ' 
 sara excused herself and approached me . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 ` have you seen emma ? ' 
 sara stopped to think . 
 ` umm ... not in a while , actually . 
 she was supposed to go in the kitchen to get something to eat . 
 but that was like a half hour ago . ' 
 ` where do you think she is ? ' 
 sara avoided my eyes , which made me even more concerned . 
 ` sara , do you think she 's okay ? ' 
 sara could n't look at me . 
 instead she started scanning the thinning crowd . 
 ` i 'll look in the kitchen , ' she told me . 
 ` let me know if you see her . ' 
 sara was more concerned than i was anticipating . 
 i did n't know why , but i knew we needed to find emma before anyone else did . 
 ` cole ! ' 
 i exclaimed loudly when he answered the phone , my voice echoing in the enclosed space . 
 ` oops , that was loud . 
 shhh ! ' 
 i pressed my finger over my lips . 
 'em ma ? 
 what 's going on ? 
 where 's sara ? ' 
 he did n't sound too happy to hear from me . 
 i wondered if he was still mad at me . ' 
 i do n't know , ' i answered simply . 
 ` she 's out there somewhere . 
 cole , are you still mad at me ? ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 he sounded confused . 
 ` no . 
 but right now i 'm worried about you . 
 where are you ? ' 
 ` in a closet . 
 with my mom . 
 we 're drinking . ' 
 cole was silent for a moment . 
 ` umm ... what did you say ? ' 
 i started laughing . 
 ` that did sound funny , huh ? ' 
 'em ma , where 's sara ? ' 
 ` do you not want to talk to me ? ' 
 i asked in confusion . 
 ` why do you want to talk to sara ? ' 
 ` i 'm kind of going crazy , because i 'm in california , and i have no idea what you 're going through right now . 
 and the fact that you 've locked yourself in a closet to drink does n't sound good . ' 
 ` omigod , is the door locked ? ' 
 i asked in a rush . 
 i reached up and turned the handle and cracked the door slightly . 
 ` it 's not locked . ' 
 i laughed . 
 'em ma . ' 
 cole sighed . ' 
 i can be there tomorrow . ' 
 ` no ! ' 
 i shouted back , then said firmly , ' i do n't want you here . 
 you do n't belong here . 
 i do n't belong here . 
 i 'm stuck . 
 i 'm stuck in yesterday , and you 're tomorrow . 
 and i 'll see you in two more tomorrows . 
 okay ? ' ' 
 i have no idea what you just said . ' 
 i leaned my head against the wall with the phone pressed against my face and the nearly depleted bottle between my legs . 
 ` cole . ' 
 ` yes , emma ? ' 
 i closed my eyes , and i could n't open them again . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 i heard him through the fog , but i could n't find him . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 'em ma ? ' 
 sara whispered into the office . 
 light seeped out under the closet door . 
 ` shit . ' 
 i followed her into the room , shutting the door behind us before flipping on the light . 
 i was suddenly concerned about what we were going to find behind that door . 
 sara opened it and then shook her head . 
 ` you 've got to be kidding me . ' 
 i stood behind her , and it took me a moment to interpret what i was seeing . 
 emma lay slumped against the wall with what was left of a bottle of vodka spilled on the floor next to her and a cell phone in her hand . 
 ` is she drunk ? ' 
 i asked in shocked disbelief . ' 
 i told you she was different . ' 
 sara leaned over and pushed the hair out of emma 's face , tucking it behind her ear . 
 she removed the cell phone from her hand and listened . 
 i could only watch ; i was having a hard time coming to grips with this image . 
 my brow furrowed with the roll of anger rippling through me . 
 ` hello ? ' 
 her eyes widened in surprise when she heard a voice on the other end . 
 ` cole . 
 hey . 
 yeah , i found her . ' 
 she listened . 
 ` she 's ... passed out . 
 but i 'm going to take her back to the motel now , and i 'll have her call you in the morning . ' 
 she hung up the phone and tossed it in the blue striped bag that was on the floor . 
 ` shit , ' sara muttered again , inspecting emma 's limp body . 
 ` how the hell am i going to get her out of here without my mother seeing this ? ' 
 ` did you just say you were staying in a motel ? ' 
 i asked . 
 ` why are n't you staying at your house ? ' 
 ` because emma wants nothing to do with weslyn . ' 
 sara 's answer made perfect sense , but it still felt like someone had punched me in the gut . 
 ` she had a hard enough time being here , obviously . ' 
 she waved her hands over her . 
 ` she 's not staying at a motel , especially that dive along the highway , if that 's the one you 're talking about . ' 
 sara flashed her eyes up at me in frustration . 
 ` do you have a better plan ? 
 because i ca n't let my mother know she did this . 
 she 'd lose it . ' 
 ` she can stay at my house . ' 
 i said it before i 'd really given it much thought . 
 ` she can stay in the guest room . ' 
 ` no . 
 way , ' sara retorted firmly . 
 ` that is the worst idea ever . ' 
 ` if you want my help getting her out of here , then she 's staying at my house . ' 
 ` evan , why would you want that ? ' 
 i did n't say anything . 
 but after seeing emma like this , i knew there was more going on than i understood . 
 i was already about to split open with the questions that i 'd been left with two years ago , and this was more than i could handle . 
 sara did n't push for the answer that i did n't have . 
 she kept shaking her head , at a loss for a better plan . 
 ` then i 'm staying too , ' sara insisted . 
 ` fine . 
 you can stay in the other guest room . ' 
 ` and you know she 's going to be beyond pissed off when she wakes up , ' she warned me . ' 
 i think where she wakes up will be the least of her worries . ' 
 i nodded towards the passed-out girl on the closet floor , unable to connect her to the girl i used to know . 
 it seemed impossible they were the same person . 
 ` pull my car around to the back , ' i instructed . 
 ` come in and get us when the path through the kitchen is clear . 
 i think most people have left by now anyway . ' 
 sara stared at me , the disapproval heavy on her face . 
 ` one night , evan . 
 that 's it . ' 
 i shrugged . 
 ` fine . 
 you 'll have to convince her to stay with you tomorrow , because that motel 's not an option . ' 
 sara reached out and took the keys from my hand . 
 she walked forward a few steps , then hesitated , turning back to take the silver box with her . 
 i leaned against the doorframe , listening to the deep breaths pass through emma 's full lips . 
 i was n't prepared for any of this . 
 'em ma , what happened ? ' 
 i pulled out my phone to check the time , waiting for sara to return , and stared at the unconscious girl on the floor with a disgruntled breath . 
 ` we 're all set , ' sara declared . 
 i turned away from the unrecognizable figure . 
 sara picked up the shoes and retrieved the bag from the closet . 
 i knelt down next to emma , sliding an arm beneath her thighs and wrapping the other around her ribs . 
 her body fell into me , her arm dangling by her side . 
 i stood , the movement not stirring her at all . 
 sara tucked the skirt of her dress in between my arm and her legs before leading me out the door . 
 i could feel her breath against my neck and my shoulders tightened , not comfortable having her this close to me . 
 i swallowed against the tension in my jaw and followed sara quickly through the kitchen into the cool spring night . 
 i set her on the passenger seat , and sara closed the door . 
 ` i 'm going to the motel to get our bags . 
 i wo n't be long . ' 
 i shook my head with a half grin , knowing she did n't want emma to wake up without her there . 
 i sat in the driver 's seat and looked over at her again . 
 the pale light of the night softened the lines of her face , reminding me of the girl i once knew . 
 she could have easily been just sleeping , hiding her haunted eyes under her lids . 
 watching her peaceful face , something roused inside me , and i knew i was in trouble . 
 16 yesterday ` could use a little help here , ' i hollered through the screen door . 
 i heard loud footsteps approaching from inside the house . 
 ` what the hell ? ' 
 jared exclaimed . 
 ` just open the frickin ' door , jared . ' 
 he propped the door open and let me pass . 
 ` what happened ? ' 
 he asked , following me through the kitchen . 
 ` vodka happened , ' i grumbled . 
 ` we found her passed out in a closet . ' 
 ` holy shit . ' 
 jared gawked , remaining a step behind me as i climbed the stairs . 
 ` and you thought bringing her here was the best idea ? ' 
 ` it 's only one night . ' 
 i waited for jared to open the door , but he just stood there and stared at me . 
 ` come on . 
 open the door . ' 
 he shook his head in disapproval . ' 
 i ca n't believe you 're carrying emma into our house ... passed out . ' 
 jared pushed the door open and followed me into the room , flipping on the lights . 
 ` you sound like sara , ' i mumbled , then added , ` who is staying here too . ' 
 i grinned , awaiting his reaction . 
 ` what ? ' 
 jared 's eyes stretched wide . 
 ` evan , are you f ** king serious ?! ' 
 ` fold down the bedding , ' i instructed with a light chuckle . 
 ` now you 'll get the chance to talk to her . ' 
 i gently laid emma on the crisp white sheet . 
 ` this is n't exactly how i 'd prepared to talk to her . ' 
 emma 's black skirt spread on the bed , and i noticed the large bandage below her right knee . 
 blotches of blood were seeping through . 
 i remained standing above her , scanning her body for other injuries with a knot in my stomach . 
 ` and you kidnapping emma was n't the best way for you to talk to her , ' jared snapped . 
 i leaned over and brushed the hair from her cheek , then eased the covers over her unmoving body . ' 
 i did n't kidnap her , ' i countered , facing my brother . 
 he led the way out of the room . 
 i glanced back at her one more time before turning off the light and shutting the door behind us . 
 ` yeah , because i 'm sure if she had a choice , this is exactly where she 'd want to wake up , ' jared scoffed . ' 
 i could n't let her sleep in that sleazy motel on the outside of town . 
 it 's not exactly the safest place to stay . ' 
 jared laughed at me . ' 
 i think she 'd prefer it . ' 
 ` shut up , jared . ' 
 ` evan ? 
 did i hear you ? ' 
 my mother called to us from below the landing . 
 she must have been in her office when we 'd arrived . 
 ` he brought emma here , ' jared blurted . 
 i whipped my head towards him and glowered . 
 i would have shoved him if our mother was n't watching . 
 ` evan , could you please come downstairs ? ' 
 she requested quietly , but with a seriousness to her tone that made my back straighten . 
 jared shot me a now-you 're - going-to-get-it look . 
 i swore under my breath as i passed him . 
 i followed my mother into the kitchen . 
 she might have only come up to my chest , but she had a way of reverting me back to a five-year-old boy with a single glance . 
 ` have a seat , ' she encouraged , standing before the kitchen counter . 
 i settled on a stool and set my hands on my thighs , preparing for whatever disapproving lecture she was about to unleash . 
 ` why is emma here ? ' 
 she studied my face carefully . 
 i knew the only way through this was to be honest . 
 ` sara and i found her passed out in a closet . 
 i could n't leave her there . 
 and sara did n't want to upset her mother . 
 so i brought her here . ' 
 my mother nodded thoughtfully . 
 ` and what 's going to happen tomorrow when she wakes up ? ' 
 i swallowed and shrugged . 
 my mother shook her head . 
 ` evan , it 's important that you realize what you 've started . 
 this one decision is now going to force you to make a succession of harder decisions . ' ' 
 i do n't understand . ' 
 ` you had to intervene when you saw her like this . 
 i understand that . 
 but what 's going to happen when it 's time for her to board the plane back to california ? 
 are you going to be able to let her go , not knowing what will happen to her ? 
 you need to think this through . ' 
 i nodded slightly , weighing her words . 
 ` you have a decision to make . 
 and this time ... it 's yours to make . 
 i wo n't stand in your way . ' 
 a tap at the door drew my mother 's attention . 
 i jumped up from the stool . 
 ` it 's sara . ' 
 i pushed the door open for her , and sara came in , wheeling two suitcases behind her , with a garment bag draped over her arm and a large canvas bag hanging from the other shoulder . 
 i took the bags from her and set them on a dining-room chair . 
 ` sara , love , ' my mother greeted her with a warm smile . ' 
 i understand you 'll be staying with us this evening . ' 
 she rested her hands on sara 's shoulders and leaned in to kiss her cheek . ' 
 i hope you do n't mind . ' 
 sara smiled at my mother , flashing me a dagger-driven glare out of the corner of her eye . 
 ` not at all . 
 you are always welcome here , ' my mother assured her . 
 she then turned towards me , her sharp blue eyes connecting with mine in warning . 
 ` evan and jared will get you anything you need . ' 
 as if on cue , jared appeared in the doorway . 
 ` if you would excuse me , it 's getting late , and i 'm going to my room . ' 
 my mother approached me , and i leaned over to kiss her on the cheek . 
 ` there 's not just your life to consider , ' she whispered in my ear before leaving , patting jared on the cheek as she passed him . 
 when she was out of sight , sara snapped impatiently , ` where is she ? 
 i want to see her . ' 
 ` she 's upstairs , ' i informed her . 
 she stormed past me , not giving jared a second glance as she whisked by him . 
 i followed her with a sigh . 
 ` get the bags , ' i told jared , who shot me a look , but continued into the kitchen to retrieve the girls ' luggage . 
 ` what happened to her leg , sara ? ' 
 i asked before sara could open the door . 
 sara paused . 
 i could tell she wanted to tell me , but she fought with what to say . 
 she ended up just shaking her head dismissively and opening the door . 
 without turning on the light , she sat down on the edge of the bed next to her best friend . 
 i watched from the doorway as she ran her hand over emma 's short brown hair soothingly . 
 that 's when emma stirred and rolled over . 
 i remained perfectly still as she squinted her eyes up at sara . 
 ` hey . ' 
 ` hey , ' sara said in return , smiling gently down at me . 
 ` how are you feeling ? ' ' 
 i think i 'm drunk , ' i slurred , blinking the sleep out of my eyes , trying to focus , but the vodka was making it difficult . ' 
 i think you are too , ' sara nodded . 
 ` not a good day for you , huh ? ' 
 ` not a good life . ' 
 i chuckled humourlessly . 
 i pulled the sheets up to my nose and inhaled . 
 they smelled so good . 
 so ... clean . 
 i sat up in a panic . 
 the dark room started to fall into shape around me . 
 i looked down at the white bedspread with the pink flowers . 
 ` oh hell no ! ' 
 i yelled . 
 ` sara , what the f ** k am i doing here ?! ' 
 ` relax , em . ' 
 sara tried to calm me , setting her hands on my shoulders to settle me back into the bed . 
 ` it 's just one night . ' 
 ` oh , no , no , no , ' i repeated , shaking my head . 
 the room started to spin , and i could n't hold my head up any longer . 
 i collapsed back against the pillow . 
 that 's when i saw his silhouette at the door . 
 ` i 'm not supposed to be here , ' i cried . 
 ` i 'm not supposed to be in yesterday . ' ' 
 i know , ' sara whispered gently , smoothing my hair behind my ear . 
 ` it 'll be okay . 
 i 'm right down the hall if you need me . ' 
 i fought to keep my eyes open , to insist that she take me away . 
 but i could n't think . 
 i needed to stop the spinning . 
 i shut my eyes . 
 sara sat by emma 's side for a moment longer to make certain she was truly asleep . 
 then she whipped around and stared at me angrily . 
 i ducked back into the hall . 
 sara closed the door behind her and turned towards me . ' 
 i told you this was a horrible idea . ' 
 she ran her hands over her face , suddenly looking exhausted . 
 ` why did i let you talk me into this ? 
 this is the last thing she needs . ' 
 ` the last thing she needs ? 
 what the hell happened to her , sara ?! 
 how could you let her drink ?! ' 
 i spat fiercely . 
 ` what ? 
 i know you 've taken the last two years out on me , but do n't you dare blame me for this ! 
 if you brought her here to get back at her in some way , then we 'll leave ! 
 i wo n't let you f ** k her up any more than she already is , evan ! ' 
 i bowed my head . 
 ` i 'm sorry . 
 i should n't have said that . ' 
 i inhaled deeply , trying to calm the anger that kept my muscles straining . 
 ` and i 'm not doing this to hurt her . ' 
 sara released a tense breath . 
 ` has she talked to you about it ? ' 
 i asked cautiously . 
 ` rachel 's suicide ? ' 
 ` does she ever say anything ? ' 
 sara countered with an exasperated sigh . 
 ` and we have n't told her the details yet . 
 she was n't exactly ... with it when i picked her up from the airport yesterday . ' 
 ` so this drinking thing is n't new ? ' 
 i enquired , studying sara 's blue eyes as she avoided mine , seeing more than she was saying . 
 ` do you think she has a problem ? ' ' 
 a drinking problem ? ' 
 sara shrugged . 
 ` evan , emma has a life problem . ' 
 she shook her head and started to turn away . ' 
 i should n't be talking to you about this anyway . ' 
 ` why not ? ' 
 i challenged her . 
 ` why ca n't i know ? 
 do n't i deserve at least that much ? 
 tell me what happened to her , sara ! ' 
 sara looked back over her shoulder , her sad eyes brimming with tears . 
 ` she 's just ... broken . ' 
 her voice cracked . 
 ` and i 'm not sure how to help her . ' 
 she turned away with her shoulders slumped forward , disappearing behind the guest-room door . 
 i remained standing in the hall , looking after her , allowing everything she 'd just said to echo through my head . 
 my fists clenched , i fought the pain and anger coursing through me . 
 i turned towards emma 's door and set my hands on either side of the door , bowing my head . ' 
 i do n't understand . 
 why 'd you leave with him , emma ? ' 
 i whispered , then walked towards my room at the end of the hall . 
 i lay on my bed most of the night with my hands folded behind my head , staring at the dark ceiling , trying to decide what i was going to do when the sun pushed us all into a new day . 
 i squinted my eyes open . 
 the room was still dark . 
 i considered closing them again , but i had to go to the bathroom . 
 i groaned and pushed the thick blankets back . 
 i was in evan 's house . 
 in the guest room with the flowers . 
 shit . 
 i groaned again and eased out of the bed . 
 my feet pressed against the cool wooden floor . 
 i knew exactly where the bathroom was without having to turn on the light , although my legs were n't very steady with the vodka still pumping through my system . 
 when i came back out , i stared at the bed . 
 how 's your knee ? 
 you did not come in here to ask me about my knee . 
 i could practically feel his hand slide across my leg . 
 there was no way i was getting back in that bed . 
 i crept along the floorboards and eased the door open , peeking out into the hall . 
 it was dark and quiet . 
 i paused in front of his door . 
 my heart convulsed at the sight of it . ' 
 i should n't be here . ' 
 i muttered as i continued past it and down the spiral staircase . 
 the stairs creaked on the other side of my door . 
 i sat up and listened . 
 she was awake . 
 i slid off my bed , careful not to make any sound . 
 i thought i heard her talking , but it was so faint i could have imagined it . 
 opening the door slightly , i saw her shadow disappear below the landing , down the hall . 
 i followed her . 
 the familiar scents of the mathews home filled my senses , and my heart betrayed me with a flutter . 
 i needed out of this house . 
 now . 
 i entered the kitchen and unlocked the door that led out onto the back porch . 
 the breeze rustled the tall blades of grass that stretched across the back yard to the woods . 
 as soon as i turned towards the steps , my vision filled with the magnificence of the large oak tree . 
 and there , rocking from its branch , was the swing . 
 my throat tightened as a small gasp escaped . 
 i blinked back the tears and let the damp grass brush against my bare feet , drawn to the tree . 
 i ran my hand along the coarse bark and searched up through the branches that danced above my head , the light wind rushing through them . 
 ` i 've always loved this tree , ' i heard myself say aloud , comforted by its touch . 
 i 've always loved that tree , i thought to myself as i watched her run her fingers around the trunk . 
 her eyes lifted to take it all in . 
 she had always connected with that tree too , making it the perfect location for the swing i 'd made for her . 
 the swing that i 'd hoped would keep her coming back here . 
 back to me . 
 i held my breath when i saw her grab each rope in her hand and lift herself onto the unsteady board . 
 for a moment , in the reflective light of the moon , i thought i saw her smile . 
 i fought the urge to go out there , to talk to her . 
 despite the joy that radiated from her as she pumped her legs , i had to remember that she did n't want to be here . 
 that her expression would change if she saw me . 
 so i remained on the sun porch , watching as she flew higher into the branches . 
 i breathed in the crisp night air , the crickets chirping in the field while i savoured the rocking rhythm , increasing my acceleration and height . 
 my hair blew into my face and quickly swept back as i continued my ascent . 
 i closed my eyes and leaned back , straightening my arms and dipping my head so it dared the ground to touch it . 
 a flitter catapulted through my stomach . 
 my cheeks pushed up into a smile . 
 she continued to glide in the shadows of the oak tree , leaning back so far it looked like she was going to tip over . 
 the wind billowed the skirt of her dress as she extended her legs in front of her . 
 i grinned at the familiar sight . 
 a warm shiver running through me . 
 i leaned against the open door of the sunroom , crossing my arms . 
 this was the girl i knew . 
 this was the girl i 'd loved . 
 and although i did n't know what had happened to her , i knew i had to find out . 
 17 not the same the sun was blinding me when i woke on the wicker chaise . 
 i needed a minute to figure out where i was , but as soon as i did , i jumped up . 
 emma ! 
 i pushed the door open and walked quickly to the other side of the patio , past the pool and through the wooden gate . 
 i stopped . 
 she was curled in the grass under the oak tree . 
 her skin aglow in the golden light filtering through the trees . 
 her skirt spread around her with her legs tucked under it , and her hands were folded under her cheek . 
 she took my breath away . 
 i tensed , not wanting to start looking at her the way i once had . 
 she was n't the same girl . 
 and i was n't the same either . 
 i walked over to her . 
 i could n't leave her out here on the damp grass . 
 i crouched down and gently lifted her into my arms . 
 she groaned slightly , but did n't wake as i took her back to the guest room and placed her on the bed . 
 i did n't linger to watch her sleep . 
 i knew i had to prepare myself for her reaction when she finally awoke - sober and ... unpredictable . 
 i was back in the bed . 
 my body ached with the slightest movement . 
 i was convinced i 'd slept on rocks . 
 i groaned and ran a hand over my face . 
 my phone buzzed . 
 i searched blindly for it , reaching over the edge of the bed into the tote below . 
 ` hello ? ' 
 i grumbled . 
 ` how are you feeling ? ' 
 cole asked from the other end . 
 ` shoot me now , ' i croaked , flopping my arm over my eyes . 
 ` is n't it super early for you ? ' ' 
 i knew you 'd be heading to the church soon , ' he explained . ' 
 i wanted to check on you . 
 do you remember talking to me yesterday ? ' 
 i could n't think . 
 nothing penetrated through the shards of pain splintering through my head . 
 ` did i say anything stupid ? ' 
 cole laughed lightly . 
 ` i 'll pick you and sara up at the santa barbara airport tomorrow . 
 the girls packed your things for you and they 'll meet us there tomorrow night . 
 call me later if you can . ' 
 ` okay , ' i responded in a rasp , not really following along . 
 ` tomorrow . ' 
 i dropped the phone in my tote , afraid to move from my sprawled position on the bed . 
 then a rush of saliva filled my mouth , and my stomach turned . 
 i fought to get on my feet and stumbled to the bathroom in time to heave into the toilet , collapsing onto my shaking knees . 
 i rested my head against the cool porcelain , keeping my eyes closed to prevent the dim light from stabbing through my pupils and into my shrieking brain . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 sara called to me from the other room . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 i heard the bathroom door creak open . 
 ` oh god , emma . ' 
 i heard her gasp , but i could n't raise my head to look at her . 
 ` we have to get you ready . ' 
 ` just let me lie here and die , ' i pleaded . 
 another swirl of nausea rushed through me with a chilling sweat , and i leaned my head over as my stomach convulsed . 
 sara was beside me , running her cool hand along my damp forehead . 
 the guest-room door was slightly ajar . 
 ` sara ? ' 
 i knocked lightly , hearing sara 's voice in the distance . 
 ` the car 's here to take you to the church . ' 
 ` we 're in here , ' sara called to me . 
 i continued into the room cautiously , not certain what i was about to walk in on . 
 ` shit . ' 
 the word escaped unfiltered when i saw sara cross-legged on the bathroom floor with a ghostly pale emma lying on her lap . 
 ` can she get up ? ' 
 ` shh , ' emma pleaded , wincing . 
 ` not so loud . ' 
 i exhaled and said quietly , ` sara , what do you want to do ? 
 you 're supposed to be at the church in forty minutes . ' ' 
 i know , ' sara said with a pained face . 
 ` umm ... let me get her in the shower . 
 can you call my mother and tell her we need a little more time ? ' 
 ` sure , ' i replied , taking in the scene one more time before walking out of the room . 
 i shut the door , gripping the handle tightly . 
 ` come on , emma . 
 let 's try to get up , ' sara coaxed gently , moving slowly to her knees . 
 i forced my body to follow her , my hands shaking as i grabbed the edge of the bathtub . 
 sara helped slip off my dress and removed the bandage from my leg as i settled into the bathtub , too weak to provide any assistance . 
 ` my head hurts so bad . ' 
 ` when was the last time you ate anything ? ' 
 sara questioned , easing my bra from my shoulders . 
 i shrugged , because i honestly did n't recall eating a single thing since i 'd boarded the plane in california . 
 the warm water startled me as sara ran the shower head over my body . 
 ` here . ' 
 she handed me a bar of soap . 
 i flipped it in my hands before blindly pushing the lather over my skin . ' 
 i called your mother , ' evan hollered from the other room . 
 ` she said to call her when you 're on your way . 
 i 'll see you at the church . ' 
 ` evan , ' sara called to him , abandoning me in the tub with the shower head dangling , spraying my legs . ' 
 i realize you have no reason to do this , but i need your help , ' sara said in a rush , sadness dulling her usually bright eyes . 
 ` what do you need ? ' 
 i asked , controlling my tone . 
 ` we need to get her into the church , and i 'm not convinced she can do it on her own , or that i can by myself . 
 will you stay ? 
 will you help me ? ' 
 i nodded , unable to form words . 
 my jaw tightened , realizing emma was in a far worse condition than i could have imagined . 
 i finally said , ` i 'll be in the hall . 
 let me know when you need me . ' 
 ` do you think you could find something for her headache , and maybe something to eat ? 
 she has n't eaten in a couple of days . ' 
 sara 's voice sounded so fragile . 
 i nodded again and left the room . 
 as i shut the door , i was blindsided by the anger that had been building since we 'd found her on the closet floor . 
 i was n't even sure who i was angry with , but i could n't deny that from the moment i saw her , everything had felt wrong . 
 i went down the stairs into the kitchen , to find jared helping my mother into her jacket . 
 i stopped short and tried to ease my clenched fists open . 
 ` analise , what are you doing here ? ' 
 i asked , eyeing the petite girl standing in the doorway . 
 she looked up at me with big , sad eyes . ' 
 i came here for you . ' 
 her eyes flipped towards my mother , not wanting to have this discussion in front of her . 
 ` is everything okay upstairs ? ' 
 my mother 's voice was calm , but her brow quirked , letting me know she was very aware of the predicament i was in . 
 ` yes , ' i answered carefully . 
 ` it 's under control . ' 
 ` well , jared and i need to make a stop on our way to the church . 
 we 'll see you there ? ' 
 she leaned towards me so i could bend down to receive a kiss on the cheek . ' 
 i wo n't be long , ' i told her , glancing again in analise 's direction , trying to maintain my composure . 
 jared kept his eyes to the ground as he and my mother left the house . 
 i could only imagine the thoughts passing through his head . 
 i turned to analise . 
 ` i 'm still not sure why you 're here - today , especially . ' 
 ` i 'm sorry i was n't at the wake last night , ' she said softly , taking a step towards me . 
 she raised her hand as if to touch me , but lowered it again when she noticed my shoulders pull back . ' 
 i did n't expect you to go . ' 
 ` really ? 
 i never even considered not going . ' 
 she lowered her eyes , the realization of what that statement meant not sitting well . ' 
 i thought ... i thought you did n't want anything to do with her ? ' 
 i did n't say anything . 
 that had been the truth , once . 
 and analise knew that better than anyone . 
 it was hurt and anger wrapped in confusion that had me repeatedly saying that i was over emma . 
 that i did n't care if i ever saw her again . 
 but ... right around the time my mother started letting me travel again , allowing me to be within hours of emma without her knowing it - those thoughts started to change . 
 ` analise , really , what do you want ? ' 
 she lifted her head in surprise at my tone . 
 ` we have n't even spoken since last summer . 
 i do n't understand why you 're here other than the fact that you know emma 's in weslyn . ' 
 analise 's eyes glistened as her lower lip jutted out slightly . ' 
 i did n't want you to get hurt again . 
 i was worried about you , and thought ... i thought you might need a friend . 
 because i still care about you , evan . 
 and i was hoping to be that friend for you , like i used to be . ' 
 i suddenly felt guilty for my impatient tone . 
 i believed she did have my well-being in mind , but that did n't mean i wanted her here . ' 
 i do n't think we can be friends again , analise . 
 not after what happened . 
 i 'm sorry . ' 
 she nodded , trying to hold back tears . 
 ` she 's going to destroy you , evan . ' 
 she turned from me and fled out the kitchen door . 
 evan appeared in the doorway with a coconut water in one hand , and a bottle of aspirin and a muffin in the other . 
 he paused when he saw me sitting on the bed while sara zipped up the boots that hid my skinned leg . 
 i was afraid they would hurt the raw skin , but the compression actually made it feel better . 
 i watched him as he placed the items on the bedside table . 
 he did n't look at me . 
 if my face was any reflection of how i felt , then i must 've looked worse than death . 
 ` ready ? ' 
 he asked sara . 
 sara stood up to inspect me , like i was an inanimate object . ' 
 i think so . 
 i do n't know what to do about your eyes , em . 
 they 're so puffy and bloodshot . ' 
 she contemplated for a moment . 
 then she reached for her purse and removed an oversized pair of black sunglasses . 
 ` here , keep these on . ' 
 i slid them on my face and instantly felt relief from the pain-inciting glare . 
 sara handed me two pills , which i washed down with the coconut water . 
 she held out the muffin , but i shook my head with a grimace , feeling my stomach roll just at the thought of eating it . 
 ` you 're going to have to eat eventually , ' sara said sternly . ' 
 i ca n't . ' 
 i cringed , swallowing the nausea back down . 
 ` can you stand ? ' 
 sara asked . 
 i nodded , rising to my feet gingerly , holding on to her arm . 
 evan made a move in our direction when i faltered , but stopped when i regained my balance . 
 he led the way out of the room as i held sara 's arm . 
 as much as i tried not to , i could n't stop looking at him . 
 a part of me was convinced he was n't real . 
 he looked the same , except maybe a little more ... built . 
 but , essentially , perfectly the same . 
 composed and mature in a three-piece suit that fit his tall frame in a way that belonged on the cover of gq . 
 maybe that 's what was going on . 
 i was sitting on a plane , reading gq , and this was all a dream . 
 then the flash of pain brought me crashing back to reality . 
 i was here , in weslyn - to bury my mother . 
 my knees buckled , and i fell to the floor . 
 sara screamed out , and evan rushed back up the stairs , sliding his arm behind me to prop me up . 
 ` are you okay ? ' 
 sara asked her . 
 emma 's body felt limp and frail , leaning into my arm . 
 ` yeah , ' she muttered , sitting up . ' 
 i just got dizzy all of a sudden . 
 i 'm sorry . ' 
 'em ma , you 're scaring me , ' sara stated , offering her hand . 
 ` are you sure you 're okay ? ' 
 emma nodded slightly . 
 she kept looking up at me , but with those large black glasses covering her eyes , i did n't have any idea what she was thinking . 
 i slid her arm through mine for added support as she grabbed sara 's arm again , and we managed to get her down the stairs . 
 if the only thing she 'd consumed in two days was vodka , then she was probably dehydrated , and her blood sugar was way off . 
 how the hell were we going to make it through an entire church service without her passing out ? 
 'em ma , do you think you could at least drink that coconut water before we get to the church ? ' 
 it was the first thing he 'd said to me since i 'd arrived . 
 i nodded slightly , trying to keep my heart beating normally as i felt his arm tucked under mine . 
 i did n't want to be this close to him , to touch him , to smell the sweet clean scent that rolled off him and made me even more lightheaded . 
 but i also knew that my body was shutting down , rebelling against the abuse i 'd subjected it to the last couple of days , and i would n't be able to stand up if evan let go of me . 
 the town car pulled up in front of the picturesque white church with its steeple and stained-glass windows . 
 the funeral director approached the car when the door opened . 
 every muscle in my body refused to budge so i could enter the historic new england church to witness the sermon memorializing my mother . 
 panic held me captive in the confines of the car . 
 sara climbed back in the car and grabbed my hand . 
 ` are you going to be sick ? ' 
 i shook my head . 
 evan leaned into the car . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 sara asked gently . 
 ` she 's dead . ' 
 my voice quivered . 
 i gripped the sunglasses with my hands , pressing them into my eyes , trying to hold back the tears . 
 ` oh my god , oh my god , oh my god . 
 she 's dead . ' 
 the lump in my throat grew , and i thought i was going to choke on it . 
 i closed my eyes to keep the tears trapped . 
 sara squeezed my hand . 
 i inhaled deeply through my nose and released the air through my mouth to force it away . 
 the panic began to fade . 
 ` i 'm okay , ' i told sara , encouraging her to get back out of the car . 
 ` you can get through this , ' sara assured me , taking my hand again when i emerged from the car . 
 ` i 'll be right next to you the entire time . ' 
 i could only nod . 
 evan offered me his arm again , and i slid mine through and held on tight . 
 it was the first time i 'd seen her react to her mother 's death - and i could n't do anything about it . 
 i just stood beside her and helped her up the stairs to where mr and mrs mckinley awaited us . 
 anna hugged emma and whispered into her ear before leading the way into the church . 
 emma 's grip tightened , and i could feel the panic rippling off her as we stepped over the threshold . 
 instinctively , i covered her hand with mine and concentrated on each step she took , wanting to be her strength as her own continued to slip away . 
 i slid in beside her in the first pew , with sara on her other side . 
 sara 's parents sat at the end . 
 emma leaned away from me , releasing her hold of my arm and leaning into sara , resting her head on sara 's shoulder . 
 i bowed my head in realization of who i was not to her in this moment of need . 
 the sermon began , and the murmuring stopped . 
 i did n't look over at her as the reverend offered a prayer and strangers said kind words about a woman who had n't earned them . 
 the reverend returned to the pulpit and said , ` at this time , i 'd like to invite rachel 's daughter , emma , up to say a few words . ' 
 i froze and turned my head towards sara , whose mouth hung agape as she stared at me in shock . 
 emma slowly rose and made her way to the stairs that led to the pulpit . 
 ` oh no , ' sara murmured beside me . 
 ` do you know what she 's going to say ? ' 
 i asked , unable to breathe properly . 
 ` i 'm afraid to find out , ' sara whispered , not taking her eyes off emma . 
 my hands shook as i positioned myself behind the black-draped pulpit . 
 i glanced in sara 's direction and was suddenly rocked by the memory of her impassioned plea . 
 she hurt you , emma , over and over again . 
 you can let her go now . 
 do n't let her hurt you any more . 
 i redirected my attention out at the drawn faces awaiting my words . 
 words that i had n't prepared . 
 so i decided that in this moment i would be ... honest . ' 
 i do n't want to be here . ' 
 my voice came out strained and barely audible . 
 ` none of us should be here . ' 
 i cleared my throat and again looked towards sara , whose large unblinking eyes followed my every movement as she gripped the pew in front of her . 
 she ca n't keep hurting you and using you like an emotional punching bag . 
 how many times do you have to forgive her before she destroys you ? ' 
 i would n't be able to begin to list the ways my mother has shaped me . 
 i am the person i am because of her , and i awaken each day reminded of how she has contributed to my existence . 
 i blame her - ' i paused , clearing my throat again as i gnashed my teeth together - ` early departure on an unforgiving fate . 
 tragedy was too familiar to us both . 
 it claimed my father many years ago . 
 she lived so much of her life in pain . 
 a pain that i witnessed helplessly for years . 
 in the end she could n't live with it , and did n't know how to let it go . 
 maybe now she will find the peace she spent so much of my life searching for , now that she is finally with him . ' 
 this is about you . 
 it 's always been about you - what you want , how you feel , who you want to be with . 
 why do you keep obsessing over a man who never loved you ? 
 i pried my hands open from their frozen grasp of the pulpit . 
 my entire body shook as i walked down the steps towards the aisle . 
 the mckinleys rose to allow me access to the pew , but i lowered my head and kept walking . 
 ` where 's she going ? ' 
 sara whispered in a panic . ' 
 i do n't know , ' i responded , looking after her along with everyone else in the church as she headed towards the large double doors at end of the aisle , and pushed them open . 
 they sealed shut behind her . 
 ` go down the side aisle , ' i instructed sara . 
 there was a stir in the pews as the mourners whispered in speculation . 
 i followed sara down the dark carpet towards the back of the church as the reverend 's authoritative tone redirected the attention back to the pulpit , where he began reciting scripture . 
 we pushed through the heavy wooden doors , out to the stone steps . 
 the sun seemed impossibly bright after the gloominess of the church . 
 i shielded my eyes to look for emma . 
 the town car was gone . 
 18 still here i eased open the door and gently closed it behind me . 
 she continued to stare out the large window , her legs drawn in to her , sitting on the window 's ledge . 
 i bumped into a stool , not paying attention to anything but her . 
 emma turned towards me , her eyes reflective and full of a sorrow that tore at my heart . 
 ` you 're not supposed to be here , ' she said , her voice coated in pain . 
 ` it 's not you who 's supposed to find me . ' 
 the bite in her tone kept me from moving forward . 
 ` but i 'm the only one who knows you 'd be here . ' 
 emma closed her eyes , and i could see the muscle in her jaw flex as she fought to contain the emotions bubbling to the surface . 
 i wanted to tell her to let them out . 
 to stop fighting it . ' 
 i know why you needed to leave , ' i told her . 
 she began shaking her head , like she could force it all away . ' 
 i wo n't cry for her , ' she croaked . ' 
 i wo n't cry for her . ' 
 she swallowed hard . 
 ` she does n't deserve my tears . 
 she did this . 
 she chose this . 
 she does n't get to make me cry for her . ' 
 her entire frame recoiled in pain and anger , quivering to fend off the unwanted sorrow . 
 i stepped closer , fighting every instinct to hold her , to comfort her . 
 instead , i remained out of reach . 
 that 's not why i was there . 
 emma became still , burying her face in her knees . 
 she lifted her head with her eyes closed , breathing in the scents that floated through the art room . 
 i waited for her to open her eyes , to find that i was still here . 
 ` are you here to drive me to sara 's ? ' 
 she asked , her voice calm , her eyes blank . 
 i nodded , startled by the transformation . ' 
 i sent the town car back to the church to pick up sara . ' 
 ` okay . ' 
 she exhaled . 
 ` let 's go . ' 
 i rushed through the front door without looking at a single face that crowded the first floor . 
 i gripped the white paper bag in my hand and hurried up the stairs . 
 ` you stopped for burgers ? ' 
 i heard sara snap at evan . 
 ` what ? 
 she has n't eaten in two days . 
 so , yes , we stopped for burgers . ' 
 his voice faded as i climbed . 
 i collapsed on the white leather couch in sara 's entertainment room , rummaging through the bag for the burger and scooping a few fries from the bottom that i had n't eaten in the car . 
 i could n't recall ever being this hungry . 
 ` feeling any better ? ' 
 sara asked as she reached the top of the stairs . 
 i nodded , my mouth full of the greasy burger that i could 've sworn was the best thing i 'd ever tasted . 
 i wiped the ketchup from my lip and took a sip of the soda . 
 ` i 'm sorry , ' i told sara as she sat down next to me . 
 ` for what ? ' 
 she asked , like she had no idea what i was talking about . 
 ` are you serious ? ' 
 i scoffed . 
 ` i 've been a selfish lunatic the past two days . 
 and you 've had to drag my sorry ass around the entire time , taking care of me every minute . 
 i 'm so sorry that i 'm an awful friend . ' 
 sara shook her head , nudging my shoulder with hers . 
 ` you needed me . 
 and i was there for you . 
 it 's that simple . 
 but i 'd prefer it if you did n't drink ... ever again . ' 
 i laughed lightly . ' 
 i will never touch vodka again , that 's for sure . ' 
 ` me neither . ' 
 sara smirked . 
 ` and i 'm sorry about ... you know ... ' she eyed me cautiously , having a hard time finishing . 
 ` about what i said at the hotel ... and staying at evan 's . ' 
 ` we do n't need to talk about it , ' i told her , taking another bite of the burger , unable to stop wondering where he was . 
 whether he 'd stayed and was downstairs , or if he 'd already driven home . 
 ` thanks . 
 i really appreciate you helping me out , ' i said before hanging up . 
 i turned to find jared behind me . 
 ` who was that ? ' 
 he enquired , eyeing the untouched plate of food anna had handed to me when i arrived . 
 ` are you going to eat that ? ' 
 ` go for it , ' i encouraged him . 
 ` i 'm surprised you 're here . ' 
 i diverted the conversation from his initial question . 
 ` what is that supposed to mean ? ' 
 he asked , sitting down at the glass-topped table on the enclosed porch , stuffing his face with garlic bread . 
 ` that you 're in sara 's house , ' i clarified . 
 ` that 's ... bold of you . 
 to show your face here . ' ' 
 i think her dad was about to slam the door when he saw me . ' 
 i laughed . 
 ` what , do you think you 're going to earn points by sticking around and helping them clean up ? ' 
 ` i 'm not going to push it , ' he said , working on the lasagne slice . 
 ` so ... do you mind driving me to the airport tomorrow ? ' 
 i crumpled up the paper bag and rested my head back against the couch . 
 ` there you are , ' i heard anna say from the landing . 
 i turned my head to find her walking towards us . 
 ` sara , could you give us a minute , please ? ' 
 my stomach swirled uncomfortably at her request . 
 ` i 'll be downstairs , ' sara told me , letting her mother take her place on the couch . 
 ` come here , emma . ' 
 anna invited me to lean against her , her arm spread wide . 
 my heart twisted as i leaned in to her , allowing her to wrap her arm around me . 
 i inhaled her elegant floral scent and closed my eyes as she ran her fingers through my short hair . 
 ` you 've had a hard time the last couple of days , and i 'm so sorry . ' 
 i swallowed , unable to form words . 
 ` we 'll take care of you , ' she murmured into the top of my head , kissing me gently . ' 
 i think you should talk to someone about what 's going on inside of you , though . 
 i can only imagine what you must be feeling . ' 
 i remained silent , not at all tempted to explore the explosive range of emotions shredding my insides . ' 
 i worry about you all the time , ' she continued . ' 
 i do n't know how to make you feel safe . 
 and as a mother , that 's all i ever want for you and sara . 
 for you to feel safe and loved . ' ' 
 i do , ' i whispered . ' 
 i always do when i 'm in your house . ' ' 
 i wish you could feel the same when you leave it . ' 
 we sat in silence for a moment longer , my head resting against her chest , listening to her heart . 
 her thin arms held me with a strength that did make me feel safe and loved within them . 
 ` can i ask you something ? ' 
 i said in a hushed tone . 
 ` of course , ' she encouraged me . 
 ` did she ... did she really hang herself ? ' 
 i closed my eyes , bracing for her answer . 
 ` yes , she did , ' anna answered , gentle but firm . 
 ` where ? ' 
 ` at the house on decatur street . ' 
 air rushed from my lungs . 
 ` from the banister ? ' 
 ` yes . ' 
 my chest felt tight , like there was n't any room left to breathe . 
 like i was suffocating in pain . 
 ` did she suffer ? ' 
 ` no , ' i heard anna whisper , her voice breaking . 
 i pulled back to look at her , and tears trailed down her face . 
 ` why ? ' 
 i asked , my eyes stinging with each blink . 
 anna 's just shook her head . ' 
 i do n't know . 
 she did n't leave a note . 
 but even if she had , i do n't know if she 'd ever be able to truly explain why she chose to end her life . 
 i 'm so sorry , emma . ' 
 ` thank you , ' i replied , my chin quivering . 
 witnessing anna 's pain was almost too much to bear . 
 ` you were always so good to her ... through everything . 
 and thank you for everything you 've done the past week . 
 i know i have n't been much help , and i 'm sorry . ' 
 ` do not apologize , ' anna insisted , wiping her cheeks and blowing out of her pursed lips . 
 ` carl and i care about you . 
 and we 'll help you through this . ' 
 ` thank you , ' i repeated . 
 ` do you have to go back to california tomorrow ? ' 
 i nodded . ' 
 i know , ' she responded with a saddened understanding . 
 ` but will you consider speaking to someone , like i asked ? ' 
 i nodded again , knowing that i would n't . ' 
 i appreciate everything you did today , ' sara said to me as she sat down beside me on the large wraparound sectional in the mckinleys ' entertainment room . ' 
 i know it was hard for you too . ' 
 i sat quietly for a moment . 
 ` yeah , it was n't easy , ' i answered carefully . 
 ` so will you do one thing for me in return ? ' 
 ` what 's that ? ' 
 she asked , her eyes narrowing suspiciously . 
 ` let jared and i drive you two to the airport tomorrow . ' 
 sara stared at me , trying to figure out if there was a hidden agenda behind my request . 
 of course there was . 
 ` why ? ' 
 she asked suspiciously . ' 
 i just want to make sure she 's okay before she leaves again . ' 
 it was a fairly honest answer . ' 
 i guess , ' she answered hesitantly . 
 ` but emma and i sit in the back ... alone . ' 
 i was trying hard not to smile . 
 ` that 's fine . ' 
 ` what are you doing here ? ' 
 i heard carl practically growl at the bottom of the stairs . 
 i trotted down the last flight and stumbled over a couple of steps when evan came into view . 
 his eyes drifted up towards me , at first in alarm , but when he saw that i 'd caught myself from falling , his lips spread into that heart-stopping grin - the one he 'd greeted me with at the bottom of these stairs more times than i could count . 
 ` hey , ' he said , his eyes flicking away as i continued to gawk at him . 
 ` what 's going on ? ' 
 i asked , my attention diverted to carl , who looked just as surprised as i was to find jared and evan in his doorway . 
 ` our bags are in the sitting room , ' sara announced as she hopped down the stairs , ignoring my scrunched eyes and her father 's questioning expression . 
 ` oh , i forgot to tell you , dad . 
 you do n't need to drive us to the airport . ' ' 
 i can see that , ' he responded , still wary . 
 ` are you sure ? ' 
 ` yeah , it 's fine , ' sara said lightly , kissing her dad on the cheek with a smile . 
 then i heard her lean in and tell him , ` it 's just a ride to the airport . ' 
 he kissed her back , then redirected his attention to jared , his eyes narrowed in warning . 
 jared smiled uncomfortably and rushed past him to retrieve our bags . 
 ` what the frig are you thinking ? ' 
 i murmured to her as she slung her carry-on tote over her shoulder . 
 ` it 's a ride , emma . 
 do n't worry . 
 it wo n't even be an hour . ' 
 she smiled assuredly , but my insides curled into knots , knowing something was up . 
 i slipped by evan , and followed sara out the front door after hugging anna and carl goodbye . 
 the colour had returned to her face , and although any expression in her eyes was still elusive , she looked ... beautiful . 
 i had a hard time keeping the smile off my face when she practically fell down the stairs upon seeing me . 
 it was one thing to convince myself i was over her and needed to move on , but it was another thing when she was standing right in front of me . 
 the drive to the airport was quiet , so i selected music to fill the silence . 
 i noticed sara watching emma out of the corner of her eye when i turned towards jared . 
 sara was worried . 
 there was something i did n't know , something sara was n't telling me . 
 was i really ready for this ... even if i ended up hurting worse in the end ? 
 but then again , i did n't think that was possible . 
 my eyes kept drifting to the back of his neck , tracing his neatly trimmed hairline . 
 he 'd shift slightly and steal glances at sara , and i 'd catch a glimpse of his perfectly chiselled profile , with his long slender nose , angled cheekbone and defined brow . 
 my heart would convulse , and i 'd quickly look away to keep the heat from rising in my cheeks . 
 i could survive this for one hour ... maybe . 
 when we pulled up along the kerb at the airport , jared and evan got out to help remove our bags . 
 that 's when i saw the other bags stacked in the trunk . 
 ` are you kidding me ?! ' 
 i practically yelled at sara , convinced that she was in on this . 
 she stared back at me just as confused . 
 we both turned towards evan , glaring at him accusingly . ' 
 i told you this was a bad idea , ' jared murmured . 
 ` you seem to be batting a thousand with those lately . ' 
 ` shut up , jared , ' evan said under his breath , before shrugging towards sara and i. ` what ? 
 i 'm spending the summer with nate in santa barbara . ' 
 sara 's mouth dropped open . 
 ` are you serious ? ' 
 ` what 's the big deal ? ' 
 he questioned , feigning innocence . 
 ` you 're going back to palo alto , right ? ' 
 i knew he was n't being completely honest . 
 he was a terrible liar . 
 sara huffed and grabbed her bags . 
 ` come on , emma . ' 
 ` this ca n't be happening , ' i said to her , rolling my suitcase after her . 
 ` do n't worry , ' she assured me , ` it 's going to be okay . ' 
 ` smooth , ' jared teased , shutting the trunk as the girls stormed off . 
 ` could you have been any more obvious ? ' 
 ` well ... they 'd find out eventually , would n't they ? ' 
 ` do you have any idea what you 're getting yourself into ? ' 
 he asked , shaking his head . 
 ` not really , ' i confessed , even after spending the entire night convincing myself i was doing the right thing . 
 ` but i never do when it comes to her . 
 so why should that change ? ' 
 jared sighed . 
 ` i 'll be there in a couple of weeks . 
 did you tell nate you were arriving early ? ' 
 ` yeah , i talked to him last night . 
 no one will be at the house , but i know where the key is , so it 's not an issue . ' 
 ` good luck , ' jared offered , leaning in for a quick embrace and smack on the back . 
 he looked at me again before getting in his volvo with a short laugh and shake of his head . 
 i did n't try to find the girls . 
 i knew we 'd be on the same planes together all the way to santa barbara . 
 i 'd made sure of it after i saw their itinerary hanging on the mckinleys ' refrigerator . 
 what i did n't know was where they were staying while in santa barbara ... or who else would be there . 
 ` nate 's house is down the street from cole 's , ' i told sara , my nerves wreaking havoc . 
 i thought i was about to be sick all over again . 
 ` what ?! ' 
 sara exclaimed , drawing the attention of the passengers seated around us . 
 ` why did n't i know this until now ? 
 and how do you know this ?! ' 
 ` uh ... i ended up at a party at nate 's over spring break , the week i spent with cole . 
 he kind of got me through a night of tequila when i found out i was at evan 's best friend 's house . ' 
 ` holy fuck ! ' 
 sara gaped . 
 ` i 'm trying to get over the fact that this is the first time i 'm hearing this . 
 but ... holy fuck . 
 so ... cole knows nate ? ' 
 ` cole knows evan , ' i admitted , staring out the window . 
 ` no . 
 way ! ' 
 she gasped . 
 'em ma , this - ' ` is going to be the worst summer of my life , ' i finished , thumping my head against the glass . 
 ` we do n't have to stay , ' sara suggested . 
 ` maybe we head back to palo alto when cole goes back for the summer quarter in a couple of weeks . ' 
 i sighed , disappointed that i might not have the quiet summer alone with sara i 'd hoped for . 
 ` maybe . ' 
 ` we 'll get through it , ' she assured me . 
 i did n't really believe her . 
 when we rolled to a stop on the landing strip at the small airport , the passengers started to stand and grab their bags . 
 sara and emma were seated a few rows ahead of me , so they were off the plane before i was . 
 i adjusted my backpack on my shoulder as i walked across the pavement towards the canopied baggage claim . 
 i breathed in the warm air . 
 i 'd missed california . 
 sara 's hair was hard to miss . 
 i caught sight of the girls just as i heard , ` hey , emma . ' 
 i stopped short , nearly making the guy behind me run right into me . 
 emma approached him , and he leaned in to kiss her . 
 ` oh , fuck . ' 
 i stopped breathing for all of a minute , then eventually found the strength to keep moving towards the baggage area , unable to avoid them in the small space . 
 ` evan ? ' 
 i looked over and cole was eyeing me curiously . ' 
 i did n't know you were coming back too . ' 
 ` hey , cole , ' i responded , trying to keep my voice even and pleasant . 
 ` yeah , i 'm spending the summer at nate 's . ' 
 i looked from him to emma , who would n't meet my eyes , and said , ' i did n't realize you and emma knew each other . ' 
 cole 's brows twitched , starting to put this entire scene together . 
 ` yeah , ' he said , picking up her bag . 
 ` we do . 
 uh , you need a ride ? ' 
 ` what ?! ' 
 emma blurted , her cheeks crimson . 
 ` he 's staying right down the street . 
 so ... do you need a ride ? ' 
 ` sure , ' i responded , surprised by his nonchalant demeanour . 
 i glanced at sara and thought she was about to fall over . 
 cole slipped his arm around emma 's shoulder , and she jerked her head up in surprise . 
 this was about to be the worst summer of my life . 
 19 give me a reason i slammed the car door and yanked my bags from the back , practically knocking myself over . 
 i stormed to the front door and turned the handle . 
 it was locked . 
 of course it was locked ! 
 i tapped my foot impatiently and waited for cole , who was taking his frickin ' time walking over from the car . 
 i stared at the door . 
 i did n't look at cole , who had betrayed me again during the drive by inviting evan over for burgers . 
 i did n't look at evan , who accepted without hesitation . 
 and i did n't look at sara , who could n't seem to keep her mouth from dropping open every time the guys spoke to each other , like they were great friends and could n't wait to catch up . 
 i just stared at the door and waited for it to open . 
 when cole finally unlocked it , i cut him off and rolled my suitcase into the spare room . 
 sara scooted after me . 
 ` umm ... are we sharing this room ? ' 
 she asked , examining the full-size bed and flipping her eyes back towards me in confusion . 
 ` uh ... ' i fumbled . 
 'em ma . ' 
 cole poked his head into the room . 
 ` you can put your stuff in my room . ' 
 my breathing faltered . 
 i nodded and rolled my suitcase back into the open living room . 
 ` want a beer ? ' 
 cole asked evan . 
 ` sure , ' evan responded casually , looking around , running his fingers along the puzzles on the bookshelf . 
 unable to stand seeing him touch the boxes , i tucked my suitcase by the kitchen table and continued out onto the deck , turning a chair around to sit facing the water with my arms crossed . 
 ` hey , ' sara said cautiously , sliding the glass door closed behind her . 
 ` i 'm sorry this ... sucks . ' 
 ` that 's an understatement , ' i said between clenched teeth . 
 ` why is he here ? 
 why could n't he have stayed away ... ' i clamped my eyes closed . 
 ` this ca n't be happening . ' 
 my world was so far off balance , i could barely stand upright . 
 sara leaned against the railing in front of me , sliding over so i could still stare at the waves rushing towards shore . 
 ` why did you automatically go into the guest room with your things ? ' 
 she asked . 
 i looked up at her in surprise . 
 ` i , uh , that 's where i stayed before , ' i explained . 
 ` we do n't ... sleep together . 
 sara , we 're not dating . 
 you know that . ' 
 ` right . ' 
 she nodded . 
 ` it did n't look that way to me at the airport . ' 
 i did n't really even remember what had happened between cole and me at the airport . 
 i 'd been way too consumed by the awareness that evan was somewhere behind me . 
 ` maybe you should - ' sara stopped . 
 her head jerked to attention . ' 
 i should what ? ' 
 i asked in confusion . 
 that 's when i heard , ` so why were n't you at the funeral ? ' 
 i practically choked . 
 ` she did n't want me there , ' cole explained , still remaining much more relaxed than seemed reasonable . ' 
 i wanted to be there , but i respected her wishes . 
 so i stayed here . ' 
 i nodded . 
 ` and i take it you were there ? ' 
 he asked , raising his eyebrows slightly . ' 
 i was , ' i answered . 
 i had n't let emma 's wishes keep me from attending . 
 ` and she was a mess , ' cole concluded , like he expected as much . 
 ` that 's one way of putting it . ' 
 i nodded carefully , wondering exactly where this conversation was headed . 
 ` they 're talking about me , ' i sputtered in disbelief . 
 ` why are they talking about me ? 
 do n't they know i can hear them ? ' 
 ` shh . ' 
 sara hushed me , listening intently . 
 ` is that why you came back with her ? ' 
 cole asked evan . 
 i could n't move . 
 every cell in my body anticipated evan 's response . ' 
 i had plans to spend the summer here , ' i told him , evading the entire truth . ' 
 i just thought i 'd come a little early , that 's all . ' 
 ` really ? ' 
 cole returned sceptically . 
 ` look , i know you have a history with emma . 
 i get it . 
 she was a mess at the funeral , and you 're worried about her . 
 it makes sense . 
 and i also know you did n't realize i 'd be here for her either . 
 but i am , so you do n't need to be . ' 
 i took a swig from the beer bottle and glanced out at sara and emma on the deck . 
 i caught sara 's eye , and she dropped her gaze quickly , appearing to be in conversation with emma . 
 ` shit , ' sara muttered . 
 ` evan just caught me listening . ' ' 
 i ca n't believe we are listening to this . 
 i mean , this should n't be happening . 
 he should n't be here . 
 they should not be talking about me . 
 shit . 
 do n't they know i can hear them ? ' 
 i squeezed my fists , my pulse racing . 
 ` i 'm not going to interfere , ' i said , turning towards cole . ' 
 i just ... was hoping to ... get closure . 
 things did n't exactly end well between us . ' ' 
 i figured as much , ' cole said with a shrug . 
 ` she told you ? ' 
 i looked at him curiously , wondering exactly how much cole knew about emma and her life in weslyn . 
 i could n't figure out how close they were ; their body language was all over the place . 
 but i had n't come here prepared for her to be involved with anyone . 
 ` not exactly . ' 
 he laughed lightly . 
 ` let 's just say i figured it out . ' 
 he paused . 
 ` so , does she want you here ? ' 
 i hesitated , knowing that i could make things difficult if i said the wrong thing . ' 
 i never asked her , ' i replied honestly . 
 ` we did n't have an opportunity to talk when she was in weslyn . ' 
 ` then maybe you should ask her , ' cole advised , his forehead creasing in warning . 
 ` and if she does n't want you here , you need to leave her alone . ' 
 'em ma , where are you going ? ' 
 i heard sara yell from the deck . 
 i immediately headed towards the glass door . 
 ` do n't they know i can hear them ?! ' 
 i screamed , stomping down the stairs and practically tripping over the rocks in my haste to escape their conversation . 
 'em ma ! ' 
 my feet pressed defiantly into the sand , leaving a dent in the firm surface with each forceful step . 
 'em ma , wait ! ' 
 my heart beat frantically . 
 i shook my head . 
 ` please , emma ! ' 
 i whipped around , the wind blowing my hair in my face . 
 ` leave me alone , evan ! ' 
 ` come on , emma . 
 please . 
 stop , ' he pleaded , jogging to catch up . 
 ` you 're not supposed to be here ! ' 
 i yelled at him , my eyes filling with tears . 
 i stopped . 
 a tear escaped and rolled down her cheek . 
 she was so tense , she was practically shaking . 
 ` i 'm sorry i did n't tell you i was coming , ' i said . ' 
 i should have . ' 
 ` you should be back in connecticut ! ' 
 she yelled at me . 
 ` you should n't be here at all ! 
 just go back ! 
 just ... go away . ' 
 her voice faltered as the strain of emotion broke through . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 her words were difficult to swallow . ' 
 i ca n't , ' i said , my voice almost lost in the wind gusting off the water . 
 ` not yet . ' 
 ` you 're supposed to hate me ! ' 
 i could n't stop the tears from flowing or my body from shaking . 
 ` why do n't you hate me , evan ?! ' 
 my lip quivered . 
 he appeared ... crushed by my explosive words . 
 evan 's chest caved slightly , and his eyes twitched in pain . 
 hate you ? 
 he mouthed . 
 i collapsed to the sand and stared at the ocean with my knees hugged to my chest , my face slick with tears . 
 ` why would you ever think i could hate you ? ' 
 he asked so quietly i could barely hear him . 
 evan lowered himself beside me . 
 i could feel him looking at me , but i could n't bring myself to face him . 
 she kept her teary eyes fixated on the water . 
 'em ma , i could never hate you . 
 i 've told you that before , and it 's still true . ' 
 her expectation that i could made me feel like she 'd just punched a hole through my chest . 
 ` but i need closure , so i can move on . ' 
 emma turned her head towards me . 
 a tortured expression flashed across her face . 
 ` it 'd be easier to hate me . ' 
 i scanned her eyes , and the pain held within them cut me open . 
 she looked away , knowing i 'd seen too much . 
 she had always been protective of her emotions , keeping them locked up . 
 but her eyes always told the truth . 
 my jaw clenched . 
 she was n't who i hated . 
 but i had n't exactly forgiven her for leaving me that night ... with jonathan . 
 ` give me one reason why i should hate you , ' i asked her , not truly expecting an answer . 
 her face became smooth and her eyes sharp when she said , ` how was your birthday , evan ? ' 
 his eyes flinched . 
 i knew i had hit a nerve as i 'd intended . 
 he had to know . 
 he had to understand why he should hate me . 
 and i needed to remind him , as difficult as it was to watch his face flicker with the remembrance . 
 but i was n't expecting his expression to change and the cocky grin to emerge when he said , ` it sucked actually . 
 yeah , you kinda ruined those for me . ' 
 my brow knitted in confusion . 
 why was n't he angry ? 
 evan laughed with a shake of his head . 
 ` well ... you ruined chocolate for me too . ' 
 ` chocolate ? ' 
 he was n't reacting the way i expected . 
 but then again , he never did . 
 ` the house , it smelled of chocolate that night , ' he reminded me . 
 ` so ... i ca n't eat chocolate . ' 
 ` that sucks , ' i said , redirecting my gaze back to the water , wiping my wet cheeks with the palms of my hands . 
 ` you have no idea . ' 
 his voice was sarcastic . 
 ` as much as you 'd like me to hate you , i ca n't . 
 and i 'm not here to ask for you back either . ' 
 emma 's shoulders tensed . 
 i had n't expected this to bother her . 
 especially after she 'd just begged for me to hate her . 
 i thought she 'd be relieved . 
 ` will you let me try to forgive you ? ' 
 i asked her . ' 
 i think it 's easier to hate me , ' she stated firmly . 
 ` it 's easier than you think . ' 
 she believed it . 
 it reflected in the confidence in her voice . 
 and that disturbed me . 
 ` let 's make a deal , ' i offered , wanting the answers i came here to get . 
 emma shook her head . 
 ` wait , hear me out . ' 
 ` fine . 
 go ahead . ' 
 she swiped her tear-streaked face , and looked to me with a sigh . 
 i grinned . 
 ` nate and the guys arrive in two weeks . 
 so let 's say you have two weeks to convince me to hate you . 
 but you have to talk to me . 
 answer my questions . 
 all of them . 
 let me try to forgive you . ' 
 ` all of them ? ' 
 i asked cautiously , my heart skipping a beat just considering the questions he could ask . 
 ` yes , ' evan confirmed . 
 ` and you have to tell me the truth . 
 in the end , i 'll either hate you , like you insist i should , or i 'll have the closure i came here for . ' 
 i was quiet , looking into his eyes , questioning if he was truly serious . 
 he held the slightest smirk on his face , challenging me , which only baffled me more . 
 ` why is this so important to you ? ' 
 i asked . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 i looked up with a start , not realizing i 'd been staring into evan 's eyes , waiting for him to say ... whatever he was going to say . 
 cole 's approach broke me free from his gaze , and i took in a deep breath to rid myself of the shivers that trailed down my neck . 
 ` everything okay ? ' 
 cole asked , inspecting our faces . 
 ` yeah , ' evan answered for both of us , standing up and brushing the sand from his jeans . 
 i offered a tight smile . 
 evan turned towards me . 
 ` so ... i 'll see you tomorrow ? ' 
 i knew this was his way of asking if i agreed to his proposal . 
 even though i still did n't understand why , i shrugged in agreement . 
 ` see you tomorrow . ' 
 i watched him walk away till my attention was redirected abruptly by cole , who sat down next to me , blocking my view . 
 ` are you sure you 're okay ? ' 
 cole asked , taking my hand in his . 
 my back tensed at the gesture . 
 walking away was more difficult than i 'd imagined . 
 and it sucked that i 'd left her there with cole . 
 but she 'd agreed to tell me the truth . 
 i could finally find out what happened . 
 why she chose jonathan . 
 why she trusted him when she could n't trust me . 
 i bit back the anger i could feel rising at just the thought of him , wishing he 'd never set foot in her life . 
 i was about to venture into the unknown . 
 but that 's what life with emma had always been . 
 the truth might be more than i could handle , but i knew it would change everything . 
 i walked up the steps to the deck and slid the glass door open , stopping short . 
 i had n't anticipated a room full of girls . 
 ` where 's emma ? ' 
 sara asked , sitting on the chair across from me . 
 i thumbed back towards the beach , meeting one set of eyes after another . 
 ` hi , i 'm serena , ' the girl with powder-white skin and dark-lined eyes said cheerily . 
 she jumped up from the stool and offered me her hand . 
 her frail , thin hand got lost in mine as she stared up at me with a broad smile . 
 ` nice to meet you , ' i said , still having no idea who she was . 
 ` these are emma 's room-mates , ' sara explained , reading my confused expression . 
 ` oh , ' i said , still thrown . 
 i 'd always pictured emma living by herself , for some reason . 
 ` i 'm meg . ' 
 the girl with the curly auburn hair and cautious green eyes waved from the couch , clearly not as thrilled to see me as serena . 
 the petite blonde just glared at me . 
 ` that 's peyton . ' 
 serena leaned towards me . 
 ` she does n't like you very much . ' 
 my mouth opened in shock at the honesty . 
 ` shut up , serena , ' peyton snapped , obviously overhearing her . 
 ` o-kay , ' i said slowly , not exactly comfortable with the judging eyes . ' 
 i think i 'm going to go now . ' 
 ` i 'll drive you , ' serena offered in a rush . 
 ` peyton , give me your keys . ' 
 peyton rolled her eyes , but tossed the keys to serena anyway . 
 ` i 'll see you later , sara , ' i said , uncertain why i was a little afraid to get in the car with serena . 
 sara nodded . 
 i picked up my things and followed the girl dressed all in black out the front door . 
 ` so you went to the funeral , ' serena said , hopping in the red mustang parked on the street . 
 her voice was upbeat and friendly , not at all reflective of the goth persona i 'd expected . 
 ` yes , i did , ' i answered cautiously , very aware this was more than just a polite offer to drop me off . 
 ` and she was a disaster , right ? ' 
 serena sounded like she already knew the answer . 
 i nodded , eyeing her apprehensively . 
 ` we should 've gone . 
 i told the girls we should have gone , even though emma told us not to . ' ' 
 i do n't really know if that would 've helped , if that makes you feel any better . ' 
 ` but still . 
 we should 've been there . ' 
 she appeared upset by this . 
 nate really did n't live far from cole . 
 i was actually surprised at how close the houses were . 
 i could have easily walked . 
 serena pulled the car to the kerb and turned towards me . 
 ` i 'm glad you went . 
 i 'm glad you were there for her . 
 thank you . ' 
 i nodded in acceptance , still wary of her friendliness . 
 ` thanks for the ride . ' 
 i removed my bags from the back seat and started to walk towards the large beach house . 
 ` evan , ' serena called to me . 
 i turned around . 
 ` we 're going to fix her . ' 
 a bright smile full of certainty spread across her face before she spun the car around and headed in the opposite direction . 
 i watched her drive off , and a smile crept onto my face too . 
 20 guilt trip ` good morning , ' cole murmured with his head against the pillow . 
 he was alert and waiting for me . 
 i groaned , still half asleep . ' 
 i was a jerk yesterday , ' he confessed , running his eyes along my face in concern . 
 ` i 'm sorry . ' 
 cole had n't touched me when i crawled into bed last night , after the girls had left and sara had gone to her room . 
 but i knew he was n't asleep either as he lay with his back to me . 
 i went to say something , and then clamped my mouth shut with a grimace . 
 cole chuckled . 
 ` go do your bathroom thing and come back here . ' 
 i slid out of the bed and emerged a few minutes later , a little nervous to hear what he was about to say . 
 ` so , ' i started us off , ` last night was beyond awkward . ' ' 
 i guess i was ... jealous , ' he admitted . ' 
 i wanted to be there in connecticut , but you asked me not to . 
 and ... he was there . 
 i 'm not the jealous type ... and i hated how i was last night . 
 so , i 'm sorry . ' 
 i could feel his discomfort . 
 it was n't what he did , expressing himself . 
 i smiled and set my hand on the red of his cheek . 
 he closed his eyes to my touch , absorbing the charge . 
 i felt it running along my arm , speeding up my pulse . 
 it soothed me , momentarily erasing the torment i 'd been through in the past few days . 
 i needed it ... him ... to help me forget . 
 i scooted closer , and he slid his hands along my waist . ' 
 i did n't want you there , ' i whispered , leaning closer to his lips . ' 
 i wanted you here , for when i got back . ' 
 i ran my tongue over his lower lip , and he inhaled quickly . 
 cole 's grip on my waist tightened as i ran my hands over the definition of his chest , tucking my nose into his neck and brushing my lips along his pulse . 
 ` do n't be jealous . ' 
 i continued to whisper . 
 ` there 's nothing to be jealous of . 
 please do n't be like you were last night again . 
 i did n't like it . ' ' 
 i know , ' he said breathily into my hair , running his warm hands up my back , peeling my t-shirt off . 
 ` i 'm not that guy . ' 
 ` no , you 're not , ' i said with a slight gasp as his tongue trailed down my neck . 
 he pushed the shorts over my hips , and i kicked them to the end of the bed . 
 his mouth made its way towards mine , consuming me . 
 suddenly i could n't get enough of him , pushing my hands through his hair , and kissing him fervently . 
 i could feel his boxers slip away , and i pushed him onto his back . 
 a moan escaped as i slid my leg over the top of him . 
 his hands caressed my body , making me arch my back as i lowered myself on top of him , inhaling quickly at the intensity . 
 'em ma , ' he gasped in pleasure as i worked into a slow rhythm . 
 i closed my eyes and gripped his thighs behind me as he guided me with his hands on my hips . 
 my entire body was on fire with a tingling heat . 
 i could feel it spread through me , igniting my flesh . 
 every fibre taut . 
 cole sat up , and i wrapped my legs around him , our rhythm slower and deeper . 
 i opened my mouth to gasp as he slipped his tongue in , capturing my breath . 
 my body tensed around him , and he held me tighter . 
 my back arched , peeling me away as he ran his lips down my chest . 
 i groaned loudly and he grunted beneath me , his fingers pressing into my back . 
 i waited for his body to ease before sliding back down to the bed , my head on his chest . 
 ` good morning , ' i said with a contented sigh . 
 cole laughed . 
 ` spend the day with me ? ' 
 he requested , running his hands along my bare back . 
 ` what did you have in mind ? ' 
 i asked , though i knew the answer . 
 i was anxious to talk to her . 
 i waited as long as i possibly could , but there was only so much xbox i could play . 
 i walked over to the small white house down the hill and followed the walkway , pausing at the door , hoping cole would n't be the one to answer it . 
 i knocked , and a few seconds later it swung open . 
 ` hi , ' the girl with the auburn hair said to me . 
 i ran through the names introduced to me last night and came up with ... ` meg ? 
 right ? ' 
 i gave her a small smile , trying to put her at ease , since she continued to look at me like she did n't trust me . 
 ` yeah , ' she said , not making any move to invite me in . 
 'em ma 's not here . ' 
 ` evan ! ' 
 sara hollered from the other side of the room . 
 ` we 're sitting on the beach . 
 come on in . ' 
 meg stepped back to allow me access with a tight-lipped smile . 
 'em ma 's not here , but you can hang out with us if you want , ' sara offered , a beach towel slung over her arm and a magazine in her hand . 
 i could hear the music coming from the deck as she continued out . 
 i wanted to ask where emma was and when she 'd be back . 
 but i knew who she was with , since all of the girls were here . 
 now i was n't sure i wanted to be here when they got back . 
 ` she 's with cole , ' a chilled voice spoke behind me . 
 i turned to find peyton glaring at me with a malicious smirk . 
 she was n't exactly hiding the fact that she did n't like me , despite not even knowing me . 
 i could only assume she had some connection with cole and did n't want me around to screw things up between him and emma . ' 
 i figured . ' 
 i nodded , trying to appear unaffected by her hostility . 
 ` since , you know ... they 're dating . ' 
 ` they 're not dating , ' serena 's voice chirped behind me . 
 i turned to find her with an umbrella in her hand and dressed in a black bikini that reminded me of those classic movies emma liked to watch . 
 her skin was so shockingly white , she almost glowed . 
 ` shut up , serena , ' peyton snapped . 
 ` they 're together , and that 's all that matters . ' 
 serena shook her head in annoyance . 
 ` will you help me set up this umbrella ? ' 
 she did n't wait for my reply , but handed me the umbrella and strutted out onto the deck . 
 i remained still for a moment , trying to process what had just happened . 
 ` you should n't be here , ' peyton grumbled , walking by me and out the sliding glass door . 
 wow , i mouthed , thinking xbox sounded pretty good about now . 
 ` evan , are you coming ? ' 
 sara called to me from outside . 
 i glanced towards the couch , where meg sat quietly , pretending to read her book . 
 i did n't think i could feel any more unwanted . 
 ` yeah , ' i hollered in return , heading towards the beach with the umbrella in my hand . 
 i followed the girls to the spot they 'd picked for their beach chairs and towels . 
 i angled the umbrella and shoved it in as deep as i could into the packed sand , casting a shadow over serena to protect her ghostly skin . 
 they were all set up and ready for an afternoon of sun - or shade - worshipping , and the thought of sprawling on a towel next to them was n't exactly appealing , considering the mixed hostility . ' 
 i think i 'll go for a run , ' i announced , not intending to come back . 
 ` really ? ' 
 sara asked , but when she looked up at me , she understood and nodded . 
 i had just taken off down the beach when i heard , ` evan , wait ! ' 
 i slowed to a stop and turned to find serena approaching with a quick stride . 
 ` what are you doing tonight ? ' 
 ` have fun with the girls , ' cole said , leaning down and kissing me while sara waited for me at the door . 
 ` thanks , ' i returned with a smile , my legs feeling the fatigue of surfing all day . 
 but it was exactly what i 'd needed , to be out in the water wrapped in silence , the rush of the waves the only sound . 
 ` i 'll see you when we get back . ' 
 ` i 'm meeting some friends , so i may not be here . 
 but i 'll leave the key under the mat . ' 
 he kissed me again , pulling me in to him before releasing me with a dizzying rush . 
 ` see you tonight . ' 
 disoriented from the kiss , i stumbled out the door where sara stood on the walkway . 
 ` ready ? ' 
 she asked with a grin . 
 ` yeah , ' i said , trying to breathe normally . 
 ` this is going to be fun . ' 
 she smiled . 
 ` we need fun . ' 
 ` yes , we do . ' 
 serena sat in her vintage light blue beetle with the top rolled back . 
 ` where are peyton and meg ? ' 
 i asked , sliding in the back while sara held the seat forward for me . 
 ` still in carpinteria . 
 they 're meeting us there , ' serena explained . 
 when she did n't take the turn that brought us towards the highway , i knew something was up . 
 and when we pulled up in front of the house , i sighed . 
 ` who lives here ? ' 
 sara asked . 
 ` this place is incredible . ' 
 ` nate , ' i mumbled , just as evan opened the door . 
 i approached the car with a jacket in my hand , smiling when i saw the girls . 
 but the smile disappeared when i saw emma 's face . 
 she did n't know i was coming . 
 ` hey , ' i said , looking from serena 's bright welcoming expression to sara 's confused face and emma 's avoiding glance . 
 ` uh , you did n't tell them you invited me , huh , serena ? ' 
 ` oh . ' 
 serena feigned forgetfulness . ' 
 i guess i forgot . 
 but since you 're here , you might as well come . 
 get in the car . ' 
 i raised my eyebrow at her demand and looked to emma for permission . 
 she tentatively lifted her eyes and shrugged . 
 sara got out of the car and whispered , ` be careful , evan . ' 
 she slid in the back , leaving the front seat vacant . 
 i hesitated , heeding her warning , connecting with her for a second to read the seriousness reflected in her eyes . 
 i sat in the front seat as serena blared a punk song on the radio . 
 i recognized the song , and automatically looked back at emma , who refused to look at me . 
 of course the band that evan and i had seen together had to be playing on the radio . 
 i shook my head with a humourless laugh . 
 he tried to push the grin from his face after he turned around to catch my reaction , but he could n't . 
 it was easier not to look at him . 
 ` are you going to be okay ... with him here ? ' 
 sara leaned in to ask me as the car picked up speed after merging onto the highway . 
 ` sure . ' 
 i shrugged . ' 
 i mean , i promised him two weeks , right ? ' 
 ` but you do n't have to do it if you do n't want , ' sara assured me . 
 ` you 've been through a lot this week . 
 you do n't have to let him drag you through this guilt trip too . ' ' 
 i know , ' i responded , appreciating her protectiveness . 
 i glanced at him as he rested his elbow on the edge of the open window , listening to serena talk about a band that was coming to the area soon that she was dying to see . 
 his eyes shifted in my direction , and my cheeks warmed . 
 i quickly looked away as his signature amused grin spread across his face once again . 
 i pressed my hand against my cheeks , not having felt their warmth in so long . 
 it was as surprising as it was annoying . 
 i could n't keep myself from grinning as the blush crept across her skin . 
 i knew it frustrated her when it happened too , which made it that much more enjoyable to watch . 
 i returned my attention to serena , who 'd caught me watching emma . 
 i laughed awkwardly as her smile grew . 
 i did n't know how serena planned to ` fix ' emma , but i knew she had expectations that i 'd help her . 
 i was afraid i was going to disappoint her , especially since i was barely held together myself . 
 serena pulled in to a parking spot and i walked alongside her towards a large waterfront restaurant while sara and emma trailed behind us , far enough away so that they would n't be overheard . ' 
 i thought we were going to carpinteria for the movie in the park ? ' 
 i asked , slightly alarmed to be walking towards a restaurant . 
 ` yeah , uh , the girls wanted to drink , ' sara explained . ' 
 i forgot to tell you . 
 but i wo n't drink ... so , you know , that you 're not the only one . ' 
 ` sara - ' i turned towards her , my voice careful . ' 
 i do n't have a drinking problem . 
 i 'm not going to have anything tonight , but i do n't want you to worry about me . 
 i 've been stupid , no doubt . 
 but it was n't the alcohol . 
 it was me . 
 and i promise never to use it to cope with the shit i ca n't handle again . ' 
 sara inspected my face thoughtfully . 
 ` you know it still scares me ... you drinking . ' 
 ` because of my mother , ' i confirmed . ' 
 i know . ' 
 ` but you 're not her , ' sara added quickly . 
 'em ma , you 're not . 
 and i should have never said that to you in the motel . 
 i was ... angry , and scared . 
 i 'd never seen you like that before . ' 
 we were standing on the walkway as people brushed past us . 
 i lowered my head and nodded , not really wanting to be caught up in this intense conversation in such an open place . 
 i 'd actually have preferred not to be having this conversation at all . 
 ` sorry , ' sara said , realizing the same thing . 
 ` let 's go inside . ' 
 she thrust her arm through mine and said , ` we 're supposed to be having fun . ' 
 she revived her vibrant smile and nudged me with her shoulder , leading me into the bustling restaurant . 
 we spotted the girls ... and evan at a table on the deck . 
 from peyton 's sour expression i assumed they did n't know evan would be here either . 
 this was completely serena 's doing . 
 i glanced at her curiously , trying to figure out what she was plotting . 
 she looked up at me with an infectious smile , and i shook my head warily . 
 her meddling had the potential to make everything worse , despite her obviously good intentions . 
 after dinner the server came over and set two molten chocolate desserts on the table . 
 the girls practically melted in happiness as they dipped their spoons in . 
 i started laughing at the inappropriate noises they made while they ate . 
 then i caught evan 's drawn expression . 
 he looked like he was about to be ill . 
 i really had ruined chocolate for him . 
 i bit my lip . 
 i knew i should feel awful , but his tortured expression was almost comical . 
 he looked up just as a small laugh escaped . 
 his eyes widened in surprise , and he pushed his chair away from the table and disappeared towards the side of the deck . 
 ` shit , ' i grumbled , immediately following after him . 
 ` i 'm sorry , ' emma said softly , leaning against the railing next to me . 
 ` that was n't funny , i know . 
 but ... you should have seen your face . ' 
 ` really ? 
 thanks a lot , emma . ' 
 ` see . 
 another reason you should hate me . 
 i 'm cruel . 
 very cruel . ' 
 ` yeah . ' 
 i sighed . 
 her choice of words made me realize we had n't had our talk today . 
 so i turned towards her and smirked . 
 she looked at me suspiciously . 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` while you 're here , you might as well give me another reason . ' 
 ` now ? ' 
 alarmed , she observed the crowded restaurant . 
 ` it does n't have to be something that dark , ' i encouraged . 
 ` just give me something . 
 why should i hate you , emma ? ' 
 i watched her caramel-coloured eyes flicker in contemplation . 
 she looked back towards the girls , who were laughing and oblivious . 
 i waited patiently , bracing myself for what she could potentially say , because i knew she was going to tell me something . 
 ` jonathan kissed me , ' she blurted , holding her breath as she awaited my reaction . 
 ` twice . ' 
 i opened my mouth to speak , but the beating in my chest stuttered and i could n't find a single word to say . 
 she did n't take her eyes off me . 
 it was like she was preparing for me to be angry with her . 
 ` did you ... cheat on me ? ' 
 i asked , my voice caught in my throat . 
 she kept her eyes locked on mine and shook her head very slightly . 
 ` but i never told you about the kiss , ' she murmured , her eyes challenging . 
 ` hate me , evan . ' 
 i gripped the wood railing , sickened by the thought of him touching her in any way . 
 i shook my head to rid myself of the image . 
 she waited , her eyes flicking across mine . 
 she had expected more of a reaction . 
 i knew it . 
 and i was n't going to give it to her , regardless of what was going on , on the inside . 
 ` my turn , ' i said , trying to relax my tensed jaw . 
 ` did you leave with him that night ? ' 
 she looked up at me curiously . 
 ` no . 
 i did n't . 
 i destroyed him . ' 
 i was completely unprepared for her answer . 
 she averted her eyes , which were laden with sadness . 
 it was difficult to talk about jonathan , and think about what he 'd done to us . 
 but if i was going to be able to move on , i needed to understand what had happened between them . 
 'em ma ! ' 
 i turned towards cole 's voice , and then he saw who i was with , ` oh , and evan . ' 
 his cheeks were deep red as he made his way over to us , bumping the back of a few chairs along the way . 
 he sized evan up and stated , ` you 're not a girl . ' 
 ` not that i 'm aware of , ' evan returned mockingly . ' 
 i thought this was a girls ' night . ' 
 cole turned towards me , dropping his arm around my shoulder and pulling me towards him . 
 ` cole - ' i glared up at him , my voice thick with warning , not caring for his flare of jealousy . 
 ` oh , right , ' he remembered impatiently , removing his arm . 
 ` i 'm going to eat chocolate , ' evan announced sharply , then strode away from us . 
 ` what was that about ? ' 
 i shot at cole . ' 
 i thought we talked about this . ' 
 ` we did , ' he stated , leaning in to kiss me . 
 his sloppy kiss tasted like a whisky bottle . 
 ` does n't mean i like him here . ' 
 i sighed . 
 ` you 're drunk . ' 
 ` it does happen . ' 
 he smiled , blinking lazily . 
 emma leaned away from him when he tried to kiss her again , taking her phone from her pocket . 
 he was trying to apologize , but she ignored him as she sent a text , obviously annoyed . 
 ` wan na shot ? ' 
 serena asked , sitting down next to me with two shot glasses in her hands . 
 ` sure , ' i answered , picking one up and tapping her glass before swallowing down the bourbon with a wince . 
 ` thanks . ' 
 i looked over at emma and cole again . 
 she took a step away from him as he reached for her . 
 he was obviously drunk . 
 and she was ... ` serena , what did you mean when you said that they were n't dating ? ' 
 serena followed my gaze to emma and cole . 
 a devilish smile crept over her face before she leaned in to explain . 
 21 twelve days i watched cole lean towards her as she examined her phone again . 
 he said something in her ear , and she smacked his arm with a laugh . 
 completely different from how they were last night at the restaurant . 
 i stood inside the house , a beer bottle in my hand , as they leaned against the railing next to each other on the deck , their backs to me . 
 i continued to study them . 
 he half smiled at her , and she shook her head , laughing in disapproval . 
 if they were n't dating , and he was n't asking for anything more from her , then what were they doing together ? 
 ` they have lots of sex , ' a snarky voice said in my ear . 
 i turned my head to find peyton . 
 ` thanks for inviting us over , evan . 
 this is a great house , even if it is n't yours , ' she said with a false sweetness . 
 i nodded , still speechless by what she 'd said . 
 ` you were trying to figure out why they 're together , right ? 
 i saw you watching them , ' peyton explained , grinning snidely . 
 ` they have sex all the time . 
 they ca n't seem to keep their clothes on when they 're near each other . 
 i know ... it sounds shallow , but that 's what it is . 
 but do n't think he 'll be that easy to get rid of . 
 he cares for her . 
 and eventually , she 's going to let him . 
 so leave her alone , evan . ' 
 ` you 're friends with him , ' i concluded , studying the small blonde with eyes like daggers . 
 ` he 's my boyfriend 's best friend , ' she clarified . 
 ` ah . ' 
 i was beginning to understand . 
 ` and you do n't like me . ' 
 ` you hurt her . ' 
 her eyes tightened into slits . 
 if she could have punched me , i 'm pretty sure she would have . 
 ` what are you talking about ? 
 i 've barely spoken to her the past two days . ' 
 ` she was hurting because of you before you got here , ' she snapped . 
 ` and , no , i do n't like you . ' 
 she strode off towards the deck , grabbing a beer along the way . 
 ` at least you 're honest , ' i muttered , knowing i was out of earshot . 
 ` and she left me , by the way . ' 
 ` peyton 's a bitch . ' 
 serena approached from behind me . 
 ` do n't let her get to you . ' 
 i laughed , turning around to find her standing at the top of the stairs that led to the lowest level of the house . ' 
 i thought you were friends . ' 
 ` with her ? ' 
 she laughed like it was absurd . 
 ` she drives me f ** king crazy . 
 i 'm friends with meg and emma . 
 i tolerate peyton , and just barely . 
 come play foosball with me . ' 
 she turned around and skipped down the stairs . 
 i chuckled with baffled a shake of my head , and followed . 
 ` you play foosball ? ' 
 i asked sceptically , setting my beer on the edge of the foosball table . 
 ` no , ' she said , straight-faced . ' 
 i did n't think so , ' i replied with a laugh , before dropping the ball on the white line . ' 
 i love this house , ' sara sighed , dangling her feet in the pool . 
 ` ca n't we stay here instead ? ' 
 ` sara ! ' 
 i scowled , looking around to see if cole had overheard . 
 he was still inside , getting a drink . ' 
 i know , ' she droned , ` i 'm grateful cole 's letting us stay at his house , but this place is so awesome . ' 
 ` it is , ' i agreed , admiring the large patio that encircled the pool , which included a professional outdoor kitchen . 
 the house itself was three storeys , with a ground floor leading out to the patio and an entertainment room that rivalled sara 's . 
 it was difficult to wrap my head around the fact that this was a vacation home . 
 no wonder the guys had a ton of parties here . 
 although the last one i 'd attended was a bit of a disaster for me . 
 ` can we please hang out here all the time ? ' 
 sara sulked . 
 ` nice , ' i shot back . 
 ` we can walk right out onto the beach where we 're staying . 
 there 's no pleasing you , huh ? ' ' 
 i know . 
 i 'm spoiled , ' she admitted . 
 ` how 're the two weeks going ? ' 
 she eyed me cautiously , swirling her feet in the water . 
 ` hey , ladies , ' peyton said from behind us before i could answer . 
 ` come sit , peyton , ' sara said to her . 
 peyton kicked off her sandals and sat next to me , lowering her feet in the water . 
 ` are you coming back in two weeks too ? ' ' 
 i ca n't . 
 i start my internship tomorrow . ' 
 peyton focused on me and said , ` but i have nothing to worry about , right ? ' 
 i scrunched my eyes in confusion . 
 ` fuck ! ' 
 we turned our heads as serena screamed from the rec room . 
 meg was leaning against the doorframe , watching . 
 ` serena plays foosball ? ' 
 sara questioned , sounding surprised . 
 ` not from the sound of it , ' i responded . 
 my heart skipped a beat , hearing evan 's laughter coming from the same room . 
 then i caught sight of cole coming down the deck steps , and i turned my attention away . ' 
 i suck ! ' 
 serena pouted , spinning the handle in a humorous tantrum . 
 ` you 're not that great , ' i agreed . 
 ` hey ! ' 
 ` what ? 
 you just admitted you sucked . ' ' 
 i think i need another beer , ' serena sulked . 
 ` meg , what time are we leaving ? ' 
 ` probably in the next thirty minutes or so , ' meg answered , lingering in the doorway . 
 ` but i can drive if you want to get another beer . ' 
 this offer brought an instant smile to serena 's face , and she scampered upstairs . 
 meg sauntered into the room , her arms crossed . 
 i waited for her to say something , but she did n't . 
 instead , she twirled one of the bars of the foosball table , still not looking at me . 
 ` do you not like me either ? ' 
 i asked . 
 meg appeared surprised by my directness . 
 ` you seem ... nice . 
 i 'm just ... protective of emma . ' 
 ` that seems to be the theme around here . ' 
 i leaned back against the arm of the leather couch and took a swig of my beer . 
 ` it 's good , though , that you all care so much about her . ' 
 ` what happens after two weeks , evan ? ' 
 she demanded . 
 her turn to get right to the point . 
 i stopped before taking another sip , lowering the beer bottle from my mouth . 
 ` you know ? ' 
 ` sara told me , ' meg explained , sliding her hands into the back pockets of her jeans . 
 ` you and sara are friends ? ' 
 i confirmed , trying to figure out how they were all connected , and who confided in who . 
 ` yeah , we talk , ' she explained . 
 i nodded in understanding . 
 so , she was sara when sara was in new york ... or paris . 
 the only way sara could truly know what was going on with emma was to have someone looking out for her on this end . 
 it was n't like emma was going to volunteer the information , at least not the information that really mattered to sara . 
 but , why was everyone so ... afraid ? 
 ` why does emma need you all to protect her ? ' 
 i questioned . 
 ` what 's going on with her ? ' 
 meg 's shoulders pulled back as she examined me closely . 
 then she looked away and twirled another foosball knob . 
 ` meg , i 'm not here to make things worse . 
 i just want to understand what happened . 
 why she left like she did . ' ' 
 i really do n't hate you , evan , ' meg said , completely sidestepping my question . 
 ` we 're leaving tonight to visit our families for a couple of weeks before summer quarter starts . 
 we 'll be back when your two weeks are up . 
 just do n't leave her any worse than you found her ... please . ' 
 i was completely thrown by her statement . 
 i was n't expecting this , to find emma so ... fragile . 
 i knew she had a distorted way of looking at the world and her place in it . 
 she always had - no thanks to the women who made it their mission to destroy her . 
 but she was strong underneath it all , capable of doing anything - if she 'd just realize it . 
 so sara was watching her vigilantly , peyton basically threatened me , meg asked me to be careful and serena was on a crusade to save her - it did n't add up to the girl who i believed in . 
 that girl was once full of life and confidence , even if she had a hard time seeing it herself . 
 i had always known it was there . 
 it was what had attracted me to her in the first place . 
 and now ... i could n't see it . 
 i was starting to wonder who the girl was that had landed in california over two years ago , and who she 'd left behind in weslyn . 
 everyone began to leave about a half hour later . 
 the girls were driving back to palo alto before heading to see their families . 
 sara , cole and emma were about to leave for the house when i asked emma , ` will you go for a walk with me ? ' 
 i looked at cole , who waited for me to answer , his eyes hardening when he looked back towards evan . 
 ` come on , cole , ' sara said , intervening and grabbing his arm . 
 ` walk me home . ' 
 i followed evan to a set of stairs that looked more like a two-storey ladder . 
 i held on tightly to the weathered wooden railing and took each step cautiously towards the beach . 
 evan walked down them as if he were walking on flat ground , and waited for me to catch up at the bottom . 
 ` serena likes you , ' i said , shoving my hands in my sweatshirt pockets with my head down as we began our walk . 
 ` if i did n't know her boyfriend , i 'd think she had a thing for you . ' 
 evan laughed . 
 ` i 'm sure he 's an interesting guy . ' 
 ` you have no idea . ' 
 i chuckled . 
 ` she 's probably the most optimistic person i 've ever met , ' evan said , glancing at me quickly . ' 
 i like her attitude . 
 she 's not who i 'd imagine she 'd be just by looking at her . ' ' 
 i know . ' 
 i grinned . 
 ` that 's why she 's so great . ' 
 we continued to walk along the beach , towards cole 's house , which was just around the next bend . 
 ` nate called me earlier . 
 since i 'm here , he and the guys decided to come down early . 
 they want to throw a party next saturday , so they 'll be arriving on friday . ' 
 i nodded , not certain why this mattered , until he continued with , ` but i was hoping we could still have the two weeks , like we originally agreed when i thought they would n't be here . ' 
 i stopped walking , causing him to turn to face me . 
 ` you do n't hate me yet , do you ? ' 
 emma asked , her face suddenly drawn . ' 
 i still have twelve days , ' i quipped , not wanting to see that look on her face any longer . 
 ` why do n't you give me another reason why i should ? ' 
 ` this is n't a joke to me , you know . ' 
 she sounded agitated . 
 her eyes narrowed as she stared at me with the wind whipping her hair in her face . ' 
 i know you 're serious . 
 i just wish you were n't . ' 
 shifting my tone , i repeated : ` so tell me , why should i hate you , emma ? ' 
 the anger i had at the sight of his grin dissipated when i looked into his flickering smoky-blue eyes . 
 my heart twisted as i took a breath . 
 i needed him to listen . 
 i had to force him to understand why he needed to leave me alone , to move on with his life without me . ' 
 i left you . ' 
 he flinched . ' 
 i left you in that house , alone and hurt . 
 i ignored you when you called for me . 
 because i heard you . 
 i did . 
 but i did n't stop walking . 
 i left you alone when you needed me , and i never looked back . ' 
 my eyes stung as the image of him on the floor , barely conscious and beaten , flashed through my head . 
 emma was fighting to remain composed , but her voice shook as she delivered the last few words - which was the reason i could never hate her . 
 because i could see that what she 'd done , the choices she had made , were destroying her . 
 i was pulled back into that night . 
 the fury that pushed me to take a swing at jonathan , which only escalated with each ensuing blow exchanged between us . 
 the look in her eyes when he knocked her back onto the floor . 
 and then there was a shooting pain through my head - just before there was nothing at all . 
 ` hate me , evan , ' she begged , her lower lip quivering . 
 it was difficult to watch the guilt shredding her to pieces . 
 ` please , just hate me , ' she begged . ' 
 i have twelve more days . ' 
 i forced myself to say this calmly as she twisted my heart a little more . 
 i was still trapped in that memory . 
 i hated him . 
 i hated him for manipulating his way into emma 's life and convincing her to trust him . 
 for being who i always wanted to be for her . 
 for standing in front of emma 's wall , the one i was just beginning to break through . 
 waking up alone and hurting everywhere did n't even come close to the torment i 'd felt when i was convinced that she 'd chosen him . 
 ` where did you go when you left me ? ' 
 i needed to know about the rest of that night , even though the outcome would never change . 
 ` that 's your question ? ' 
 she asked , appearing confused . 
 i nodded . 
 ` umm ... ' i swallowed hard and pulled away from the torture reflected in his eyes , even though he remained calm and composed on the outside . 
 he was there in that house , bloody and broken . 
 exactly where i 'd left him . 
 i fought back the emotion that clawed up my throat . ' 
 i drove . 
 i do n't know where i went , but i just kept driving . ' 
 i took a breath , remembering the hysterics i was in as i sped through the back roads of the quiet town , screaming at myself for what i 'd done . 
 tears flooded my eyes with the memory . 
 but i blinked them away . 
 i did n't deserve his sympathy ' i eventually made it back to sara 's . 
 she was freaking out , thinking something awful had happened to me . ' 
 i paused again as my voice cracked . 
 ` anna was so upset . 
 she could n't understand what i was saying because i could n't stop crying . ' 
 a tear slid from the corner of my eye . 
 i wrapped my arms around my waist to ward off a shiver . ' 
 i told them that i needed to leave . 
 that i could n't stay in weslyn . 
 i hated it there , and i was leaving on the next flight out . 
 anna eventually calmed me enough to talk me into waiting a day or two , to see if i 'd change my mind . 
 but i did n't . 
 two days later i was on a plane to california . 
 sara tried to convince me that i was making the biggest mistake of my life . 
 she did n't speak to me again for two months . ' 
 emma opened her eyes , and another tear rolled down her cheek . 
 ` does that answer your question ? ' 
 i nodded once , watching in silent agony as the light in her eyes faded into darkness . 
 her pain was all that remained , and i had to look away , unable to witness the suffering without wanting to touch her . 
 i cleared my throat and took in a breath of the ocean air to clear the ache away . 
 ` well , i do n't know about you , but that 's about as much honesty as i can handle today . ' 
 i attempted to smile , but it fell quickly as he continued to scrutinize me . 
 he was so intense in his stillness , i had a hard time looking him in the eye . 
 ` bye , evan , ' i said , turning away . 
 ` i 'll see you tomorrow , ' he assured me , his voice strained . 
 i did n't respond . 
 i could feel him watching me as i walked down the beach . 
 when i got to the deck cole was sitting in a chair with his feet propped on the railing . 
 ` hi , ' i said , sitting down next to him . 
 ` hey , ' he responded with a small smile . 
 ` how are you doing ? ' 
 i shrugged . 
 ` okay . ' 
 he scanned my face for all that i was n't saying . 
 ` do you want to go surfing again tomorrow ? ' 
 ` uh , actually , do you remember that friend i tried to help ? ' 
 i asked , staring out at the water . 
 i gripped my phone in my pocket , still not having heard from jonathan after i 'd called and then texted him from the restaurant yesterday . 
 talking about him with evan last night made me think about the night i 'd gone in search of him . 
 i could n't stop wondering where he was now and what he might be going through . 
 ` yeah , ' cole responded hesitantly . ' 
 i think i need to try again , ' i murmured , glancing at cole . 
 he peered into my eyes before asking , ` where are you going to go ? ' 
 ` new york . 
 but it 's not going to go over well with sara . ' 
 ` why ? ' 
 he questioned . 
 ` she does n't like this friend ? ' 
 ` not exactly . 
 so ... would you cover for me ? ' 
 i requested , a twinge of guilt flashing across my face . ' 
 i have to do this . 
 i need to at least try . ' 
 ` how long will you be gone ? ' 
 ` truthfully , i 'm not sure , ' i answered . 
 ` i 'm leaving tomorrow , and hope to be back in just a couple of days . 
 but i guess it depends . ' 
 cole was quiet for a moment . 
 ` yeah , i 'll cover for you . 
 want me to drive you to the airport ? ' 
 ` yes . 
 thank you , ' i replied , my voice soft . 
 we returned our focus to the ocean as the day faded around us - the sun sinking further off to our right , leaving a trail of gold with smears of pink and purple stretched across the horizon . 
 the lights from the oil rigs twinkled in the distance , and the sound of the surf was hypnotic . 
 we were once again wrapped in our silence , which used to be so comforting . 
 on the inside , a storm was swirling , uncovering memories and feelings i 'd buried over two years ago . 
 my eyes trailed down the beach towards the large house on the cliff . 
 i knew it was only going to get worse . 
 22 taking me with her the sun was rising somewhere behind the hills , but it still had n't cut through the clouds that had settled on the beach . 
 as the fog lingered over the water i wrapped the blanket tighter around me to fend off the cool morning air . 
 the yearning for sleep still clung to me . 
 i 'd been restless throughout the night , disturbed by the shouting and crying in my head . 
 eventually , i 'd slipped out of bed to relieve cole of my tossing and turning . 
 my eyes ached with fatigue as i spotted a silhouette coming into view along the beach . 
 i tried to focus through the thick haze . 
 someone was running along the water 's edge . 
 just the thought of exerting that much energy exhausted me . 
 as the runner neared the house he began to slow down . 
 he hesitated , then began jogging my way . 
 i froze , trying to be invisible in the fog , but he knew i was there . 
 as he came closer , i squinted in confusion . 
 ` evan ? ' 
 ` hi , ' i answered , not certain if i should 've just kept jogging and left her alone . 
 but i wanted to know why she was up . 
 she peered down at me , wrapped in a blue blanket pulled up to her nose . 
 i smiled at the sight of her hair all pushed in different directions . 
 i was still getting used to the short hair . 
 i had to admit i did n't mind it - the length accentuated the exotic shape of her eyes . ' 
 i knew you were a morning person , but this is ridiculous , ' she said . 
 i laughed at her comment . ' 
 i could n't sleep . 
 thought running might ... help . 
 and i know you 're not a morning person ; you pretty much despise any time with an `` a.m. '' after it . ' ' 
 i could n't sleep either . ' 
 ` nightmare ? ' 
 i asked without thinking , knowing that was the reason i was running into the fog , and away from the panic that had awoken me . 
 her eyes darted away and she shrugged evasively . 
 i assumed it was my fault she was out here and not still wrapped up in the covers ... next to cole . 
 i forced my shoulders to relax . 
 i 'd sworn i would n't think of them together , even after the not-so-pleasant details peyton planted in my collection of unwanted thoughts . 
 ` run with me . ' 
 emma looked down at me as if i 'd just asked her to go skinny-dipping in the freezing ocean . 
 i chuckled . 
 ` come on , what else do you have to do ? ' 
 i could n't believe i was actually thinking about it . 
 i pushed my chair back . 
 ` fine , ' i grumbled . 
 ` let me get my stuff . ' 
 i ignored the grin that spread across his face , and crept back into the house . 
 what was i thinking ? 
 when i returned a few minutes later , evan was sitting at the bottom of the stairs . 
 ` do n't expect much , ' i told him , making him stand up quickly and turn around . 
 seeing me at the top of the stairs in my running gear made that smile emerge again . 
 the smile that i could n't look at for more than a second without my heart thrusting to life and my cheeks igniting . 
 i let my feet carry me down the steps and followed him closer to the water , where the sand was firm . 
 we eased into a slow run , and my muscles complained . 
 they were n't fond of being woken this early either . 
 ` see , it 's not so bad , ' evan said . 
 i groaned . 
 ` my body is totally freaking out . ' 
 evan laughed , evidently amused by my suffering . 
 as we continued , the muscles in my legs began to loosen and my lungs did n't fight the air being sucked into them . 
 the fatigue was replaced by adrenaline , and my pace naturally picked up . 
 ` not tired any more , huh ? ' 
 my heart beat in my ears as i pushed myself to keep up with her . 
 the tiredness in her eyes was replaced by determination ; she was fixated on what lay ahead of her . 
 i liked it . 
 ` it 's been too long since i 've run , ' she explained , not sounding half as out of breath as i was . 
 ` it feels good . ' 
 then she tilted her head up at me , wearing a playful smile that i recognized but had n't seen in a while . 
 ` but i still hate mornings . ' 
 i laughed . 
 we ran to a set of rocks breaking up the sandy beach and turned back towards the house . 
 as exhausted as this run was making me , i did n't want it to end . 
 for the first time since i 'd arrived , she looked at peace , and i did n't want it to disappear when our legs stopped moving . 
 as soon as the house came into sight , she dug into the sand and her stride lengthened . 
 there was no way i was going to keep up , so i let her go ahead without me . 
 she pushed her body for everything it had , and the sight of it was breathtaking . 
 i almost tripped over a rock , mesmerized by the grace and power that catapulted her down the packed sand , leaving a trail of divots in her wake . 
 when i caught up with her she was pacing with her hands on her hips , trying to catch her breath . 
 i stood and just watched her , the sweat running along her face , the wind blowing her hair wildly around her . 
 she paused and looked at me curiously , as if trying to read my thoughts . 
 i wished i could have told her what they were . 
 ` i 'm going to continue to the house , ' i finally said . 
 ` thanks for running with me . ' 
 she nodded . 
 ` sure . ' 
 i picked up my feet , despite their defiance , and continued back along the beach . 
 i looked over my shoulder and faltered at the sight of her pulling her shirt over her head . 
 still jogging , i glanced back at her dark silhouette wrapped in the grey fog . 
 my pace slowed . 
 i could n't force myself to look away . 
 i stumbled to a stop when she kicked off her shoes and slid her shorts over her hips . 
 the thick fog provided enough of a curtain so she remained a shadow along the beach . 
 but i was mesmerized by the lines of her thin body . 
 i inhaled , trying to calm my quickened pulse . 
 she walked casually into the water , not reacting to the cold as it rose up her legs until it lapped against her thighs . 
 she dived under a wave , emerging on the other side . 
 her head bobbed in the water , dissolving her into the hues of grey . 
 enraptured , i had n't realized that i was walking closer until i noticed movement out of the corner of my eye . 
 i was shaken out of the trance when cole emerged onto the deck with a towel in his hand . 
 i backed away and broke into a jog , hoping the morning haze had concealed me from his view . 
 my heart rate still had n't recovered , and i knew i needed to push what i 'd seen away if i was going to be around her again . 
 i accelerated into a full-out sprint when i spotted the stairs to leading nate 's . 
 i rushed back up to the shore , with my arms braced around me and my lips shivering . 
 ` good morning , ' cole greeted me , a towel spread between his arms . 
 he wrapped me up , the warmth of the fabric and his arms staving off the chill . 
 ` not a bad thing to see first thing in the morning . ' 
 ` funny , ' i replied with a sarcastic smile , snuggling against him . 
 ` you 're up early . ' 
 ` i 'm meeting the guys to go surfing , ' he explained , squeezing me . 
 i looked up at him and he leaned down , sliding his lips over my wet , quivering mouth . 
 he was so warm . 
 i slipped my tongue into his mouth and he pulled me in tighter . 
 my pulse quickened as he continued to kiss me , the charge rushing through me as i slipped my arms around his neck . ' 
 i could be late , ' he murmured into my ear . 
 i laughed and took a step back . 
 ` you should go . 
 i 'll see you later . ' 
 he pressed his cheek against mine and said , ` i 'll be back this afternoon to take you to the airport . 
 stay nak * d for me till then ? ' 
 he pecked my lips , then scooped up my clothes and led me back into the house . 
 i smiled and followed him . 
 after cole left , i headed towards the bedroom to shower and dress before i packed . 
 there was no way i was going to be able to sleep now , though it was still too early to be awake . 
 i had no idea how i was going to leave without sara knowing . 
 i was riddled with uncertainty about seeking out jonathan in new york . 
 it had been over a week since he left . 
 i hoped i was n't too late . 
 showered , warm and surprisingly invigorated , i walked into the living area to find sara 's door open . 
 i poked my head into her room , but it was empty . 
 i scanned the deck and the beach , but there was n't a sign of her . 
 when i turned back towards the kitchen , i noticed a note written in sara 's scrawl on the kitchen island . 
 gone to buy picnic food ! 
 we 're having a picnic on the beach today ... i may even let you hold my hand . 
 ha ! 
 i was n't looking forward to sara 's reaction when i disappeared without telling her where i was going . 
 i sighed and set the note back down on the counter . 
 i opened the cabinet to pull out a box of cereal when the thought struck me : how did she get to the store ? 
 she did n't have a car . 
 ` do you have a car i can borrow ? ' 
 sara asked as soon as i opened the door , rubbing the towel against my wet hair . 
 ` good morning , sara . 
 nice to see you , ' i responded sarcastically . 
 she walked past me into the house . ' 
 i know i have n't been very nice to you , and i 'm sorry , ' she began with her hands on her hips . 
 ` i 'd like to move past the awfulness of the past two years when you were a total douche to me . 
 and i promise not to be a bitch to you any more . 
 but only if you promise to back off emma if she ca n't handle the whole two-week disaster you proposed . ' 
 my brows raised at her forwardness , but i should n't have expected anything else from sara . 
 ` what are you afraid she 's going to do ? ' ' 
 i did n't come here to discuss emma 's psyche with you , evan . 
 i came to make peace . ' 
 ` and borrow a car . ' 
 i smirked . 
 ` yes , ' she admitted with a bit of attitude , ` and to borrow a car . ' 
 she crossed her arms impatiently and waited for my assurance . 
 i actually stopped to think about what she 'd asked of me . 
 i 'd come here to get answers . 
 now i had to decide what the truth was worth . 
 i inhaled deeply . 
 ` okay , i 'll back off if she ca n't handle it . 
 and the audi is in the garage . 
 the key is in the bowl on the kitchen counter . ' 
 ` thank you . ' 
 sara smiled in relief . 
 she started towards the kitchen , but stopped and turned back to face me . 
 ` evan , i 'm sorry about what happened two years ago . 
 i want you to know that i never agreed with what she did . 
 i still think it was the worst decision of her life . 
 and i think she knows that too , as much as she swears she did it to protect you . ' 
 ` protect me ? 
 what - ' sara grimaced . 
 ` uh ... thanks for letting me borrow the car . ' 
 ` sara , ' i called to her , ` what are you talking about ? ' 
 ` shit , ' she grumbled , closing her hand tightly around the key . ' 
 i should n't have said that . 
 sorry . 
 she 'll tell you . 
 just give her time . ' 
 i gritted my teeth and nodded , knowing i 'd have to hear whatever this explanation was from emma anyway . 
 but how could she have possibly convinced herself that she was protecting me when she chose to walk away ? 
 ` what the fuck , emma ? ' 
 i murmured as i stood on the walkway and watched sara pull the car out of the garage . ' 
 i should n't be long , ' sara hollered as she came to a stop along the street . 
 she hesitated a moment , then added , ` we 're spending the day on the beach , emma and i. i 'm going to get food for a picnic ... if you want to join us . ' 
 i grinned at the peace offering . 
 ` thanks . 
 i 'll think about it . ' 
 ` well ... emma 's there now ... alone . ' 
 sara produced a small smile before speeding off down the street . 
 i laughed at her lack of subtlety . 
 i tossed the envelope in the small trash can i 'd removed from the bathroom , sifting through the mail that anna had handed me before i left , making room in my tote for two days ' worth of clothes . 
 ` how many credit cards does a person need ? ' 
 i sighed and picked up the next envelope , ready to toss it as well . 
 then i saw the handwriting . 
 i typically would have thrown her letter away , like i had the many others before . 
 but i could n't . 
 not this time . 
 i pulled out the folded white page and opened it . 
 my chest squeezed in around my heart . 
 i let out a quick breath and could n't breathe again . 
 i knocked on the front door and waited . 
 emma did n't answer . 
 i knocked again , and still nothing . 
 i looked around the empty driveway , then put my hand on the doorknob and turned it . 
 it was unlocked . 
 i hesitated for a moment before pushing the door open . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 i called , entering cautiously so that i did n't startle her . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 silence . 
 i closed the door and continued into the living room , peering through the glass doors , but she was n't there either . 
 i was walking towards the bedroom when i saw her foot dangling from the edge of the bed . 
 ` hey , emma , ' i called to her as i approached , ` sara said - ' i stopped at the sight of her , gripping the doorframe to keep steady . 
 'em ma , what happened ? ' 
 her entire body was trembling , and her eyes were glazed over , staring blankly at the page she clutched tightly in her hands . 
 her mouth puckered slightly , taking in erratic breaths that raised her chest in spasms . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 i said , trying to reach her . 
 her chin quivered as she moved her mouth in silent whimpers . 
 ` let me see . ' 
 i eased the paper from her hands . 
 her eyes shifted up to me in a quick motion and i flinched at the screaming pain reflected in them . 
 she did n't utter a sound . 
 tears pooled in her unblinking eyes . 
 she looked like she was drowning . 
 i examined the page , and my teeth clenched at the first word written in rushed penmanship : 'em ily . ' 
 i glanced back down at emma . 
 she remained frozen in torture . 
 emily , maybe you 'll finally read this letter . 
 after all , it is the last . 
 you should have discovered by now what you did to me . 
 yes , you did this to me . 
 i could n't stand the pain any more . 
 the pain of being alone . 
 the pain of being ignored and not being loved by my only daughter . 
 the pain of losing the only person who ever truly loved me , because of you . 
 the love that you destroyed the day that you were born . 
 you should never have been born . 
 you have only caused pain in the lives of everyone you 've touched . 
 even the lives of those two innocent children who tried to love you . 
 look at who you 've become . 
 how can you stand to even look at yourself in the mirror , knowing all the destruction you 've caused ? 
 you killed me with those cold , hateful words you said to me . 
 you killed me with each letter i sent that you never answered . 
 how could you be so cold and hateful to your own mother ? 
 i 've given you so much , and it did n't matter to you . 
 i was never good enough for you . 
 now you 'll have to live with yourself , knowing that the reason i ca n't go on living is because of you . 
 love , your mother i swallowed in disgust . 
 ` no , ' i said , my tone urgent . 
 'em ma , no , no . ' 
 i shook my head in disbelief . 
 i sat down next to emma , but she still did n't respond . 
 her limbs trembled and her teeth chattered . 
 i dropped the letter to the floor , not wanting to touch the vile words scribbled across the page . 
 i slid my arm around her and pulled her in to me . 
 she collapsed against my chest , and i held her tight . 
 ` do n't listen to her , ' i begged . 
 my vision blurred . 
 ` do n't listen to her , emma . 
 not a single word . ' 
 but she could n't hear me . 
 23 silent pain all that escaped her were rhythmic breaths . 
 she could n't stop shaking , no matter how tight i held her . 
 she did n't resist when i eased us onto the bed . 
 leaning back against the padded headboard , i shifted her onto my chest , and secured her in my arms . 
 'em ma , you have to know that every word was a lie . 
 do n't let her hurt you , ' i pleaded , my lips brushing against her hair . 
 she just continued to quake . 
 i felt like i 'd been stabbed in the chest with a flaming torch . 
 i hated that selfish , vindictive woman . 
 she made sure her final act was to crucify the one person who had ever tried to love her repeatedly . 
 i inhaled deeply to push my contempt away . 
 it was n't what emma needed right now . 
 we stayed like this , wrapped in silent pain , until i heard the front door open . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 sara called out . 
 ` evan ? ' 
 i opened my mouth to call to her just as she appeared in the doorway . 
 she eyed emma lying on my chest in my arms and glared at me . 
 ` what are you - ' she stopped , her eyes narrowing as she examined emma more closely , then walked cautiously towards us . 
 ` what happened ? 
 emma ? ' 
 sara looked up at me in alarm . 
 ` evan , what happened to her ? 
 what did you do ? ' 
 i shook my head at her accusation . 
 ` there 's a letter . 
 it 's on the floor somewhere . ' 
 sara warily took her eyes off us and searched the floor , bending down to pick up the piece of paper . 
 i could n't watch her read it . 
 ` fucking bitch ! ' 
 sara exclaimed , startling me . 
 i looked down at emma . 
 still locked against me , she did n't flinch . 
 ` how could she - ' sara crumpled the paper and stormed out of the room . 
 i heard drawers slamming shut as she muttered , ` that f ** king bitch , ' over and over again . 
 i smelled smoke and knew exactly what she 'd done . 
 sara appeared back in the room , crawling onto the bed on the other side of me so she could see emma 's face . 
 she leaned close to her , peering into her blank eyes , and ran her hand along her cheek . 
 'em ma , ' she soothed , ` she was an awful person , and all she wanted was to hurt you . 
 you ca n't let her . 
 em , you ca n't let her . 
 you 're so much stronger than that . 
 i know you are . 
 please , emma . ' 
 sara pursed her lips and tears filled her eyes . 
 she redirected her gaze to me and said , ` she ca n't believe it . 
 evan , we ca n't let that woman break her . ' ' 
 i know , ' i said quietly , running my hand along emma 's back . 
 emma jolted under my touch . 
 i tilted my head to see her face . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 she inhaled a sob , her chest heaving . 
 pulling away from me and curling into a ball , she screamed , ` no ! ' 
 sara froze in stunned silence . 
 ` no ! 
 no ! ' 
 emma balled her fist and punched the mattress repeatedly , her eyes squeezed shut as she screamed the words over and over again . 
 ` no ! 
 no ! 
 no ! ' 
 she burst into hysterics , crying so hard , her whole body convulsed . 
 sara looked at me , fear flashing across her face . 
 i leaned over and gently gripped her shoulder , 'em ma . 
 it 's okay . ' 
 ` no , it 's not , ' she cried . 
 ` she 's dead ! 
 she 's dead ! ' 
 she collapsed against the bed and sobbed uncontrollably . 
 then uttered weakly , ` my mother 's dead . ' 
 ` oh , emma , ' sara gasped , kneeling on the floor next to the bed , her face twisted in pain as she helplessly witnessed her best friend 's suffering . 
 i curled in behind her and held her close , absorbing the spasms of her sobs . 
 she clenched my arm tightly , as if i could keep her from being pulled under . 
 we did n't say a word . 
 sara and i stayed by her and let her cry for the mother who did n't deserve her . 
 i knew she was mourning her loss , probably for the first time since she 'd learned of her death . 
 all i wanted to do was protect emma from everything that hurt her . 
 it was reminiscent of the night she cried in my arms as she relived her father 's death . 
 i could n't ease the pain then , and i knew i could n't do it now . 
 and even though i 'd failed time and time again , it was n't going to stop me from trying . 
 eventually , the sobs tapered off and her body uncoiled . 
 i felt her back expand against my chest as her breathing deepened . 
 sara looked up at me and whispered , ` she 's asleep . ' 
 i nodded , suspecting as much . 
 sara slowly stood up , her body stiff from kneeling as she stretched her arms over her head . 
 she started towards the door and turned back . 
 ` evan . 
 come on . ' 
 she jerked her head towards the door impatiently . 
 i hesitated , not wanting to leave . 
 but it was evident sara had something to say that she did n't want emma to overhear . 
 i eased my arm out from under her , flexing my hand to get the circulation flowing . 
 emma 's body shivered when i moved away . 
 i tucked a blanket around her , reluctantly shutting the bedroom door behind me before following sara into the living room . 
 sara paced back and forth , her red lips pressed tight . 
 she stopped when i walked further into the room . 
 her anxiety could 've knocked me over . 
 ` evan , i 'm scared . ' 
 i waited , hoping she 'd explain . 
 ` you have no idea what she 's been like for the past two years , ' sara continued in a rush . 
 ` she is barely holding on , and i 'm so afraid that letter may have pushed her over the edge . ' 
 ` what are you afraid she 'll do , sara ? ' 
 i questioned . 
 ` turn to alcohol again ? ' 
 sara 's eyes flickered thoughtfully before she collapsed on the couch . ' 
 i do n't know how to describe it . ' 
 her voice was quiet and hesitant . 
 ` she 's just been ... existing since she left weslyn . 
 there 's no ... light in her eyes . 
 no purpose . 
 no drive . 
 she used to push herself to be more , to want more , and now ... now she 's barely living . ' 
 she paused to look at the bedroom door , her eyes watering . ' 
 i feel like i 've gradually been losing her . 
 like she 's slipping away and i ca n't hold on . 
 i 'm scared that she 's going to push us all away for good . 
 i know it does n't make complete sense , and i do n't know how to explain it . 
 i 'm just scared . ' 
 i sat down in the chair across from her . 
 ` what happened to her , sara ? ' 
 sara looked across at me with sorrow-filled eyes . 
 ` she left you . ' 
 my face twisted in confusion , but before i could speak , sara said , ' i truly do n't understand why she left , evan . 
 you 'll have to ask her . ' 
 the sound of the front door opening interrupted us . 
 sara and i both turned as cole walked in . 
 he was wet , in a pair of board shorts . 
 ` hey . ' 
 he nodded towards us , looking around . 
 ` where 's emma ? ' 
 sara and i looked at each other , releasing a simultaneous breath . 
 she finally said , ` i 'll tell him . ' 
 i nodded and stood from the chair , not wanting to watch his reaction , whatever it was . 
 so i escaped to the deck , closing off sara 's voice with the sliding glass door . 
 i stared out at the volatile waves and inhaled deeply , exhaustion overwhelming me . 
 the glass door opened , drawing my attention . 
 sara stepped out to join me , breathing in the salty air as i had , like it could somehow revive her . 
 ` he went in to see her , ' sara told me . 
 she leaned against the railing next to me . 
 after a moment of listening to the ocean , she said , ` i 'm sure that it 's hard for you , to see them together . ' 
 ` but they 're not really together , ' i countered . 
 ` still , ' sara said , ` she 's not with you . 
 so no matter what , it must be hard . ' ' 
 i did n't come here to get her back , sara . 
 i was being honest about that . 
 i spent the last two years trying to understand what she was thinking ; what happened ; why she walked away . 
 i need answers . 
 that 's why i 'm here . ' 
 sara leaned on her elbow to face me . ' 
 i do n't believe you . ' 
 i was shocked by her comment . 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` evan mathews , you can tell yourself and everyone else that you 're here to get answers , for closure . 
 but the truth is , you love her . 
 you have always loved her . 
 you will always love her . 
 you 're here because you ca n't walk away . 
 you saw how broken and empty she was back in weslyn , and you had to follow her . 
 you 'll never be able to let her go . 
 you 're here because ... it 's where you belong , with her . ' 
 my chest tightened ; i felt like she 'd just delved inside me and sifted through to find what i could n't admit this entire time . 
 i could n't speak . 
 i looked out at the water and pulled in a deep breath . 
 i turned from sara and went back into the house , needing to check on emma . 
 cole sat on the chair , having put on shorts and a t-shirt , and was rubbing his hands together and bouncing his leg nervously . 
 ` you okay ? ' 
 i asked him . 
 he nodded , but the edgy shift in his eyes indicated otherwise . 
 i continued past him and into the bedroom . 
 emma was still curled up tight in her sleep , twitching every so often . 
 i sat on the bed next to her , smoothing her hair away from her face . 
 ` i 'll stay with her tonight , ' sara said from the doorway . 
 ` you do n't have to worry . 
 i 'll be here . ' 
 i left emma in her haunted sleep and walked into the living room . 
 ` cole , do you mind if i sleep here tonight ? 
 on the couch ? ' 
 i could tell he did n't know what to make of this . 
 but he shrugged and said , ` yeah , sure . ' 
 i woke up in the dark . 
 i could hear breathing beside me . 
 my entire body ached , and my head was groggy , like i 'd taken cold medicine . 
 then i remembered . 
 i clenched my teeth , trying to maintain even breaths . 
 i could still feel the weight of the letter in my hands , the words stabbing me in the heart , twisting the blade . 
 you should never have been born . 
 you have only caused pain in the lives of everyone you 've touched . 
 my mother had confessed some terrible things in the past , usually induced by the effects of alcohol . 
 she had always known what to say to hurt me . 
 but these words ... they were what she wrote before she killed herself . 
 these were the thoughts that carried her to her grave . 
 and she did n't just want to hurt me , she wanted to take me with her . 
 now you 'll have to live with yourself , knowing that the reason i ca n't go on living is because of you . 
 a breathy sob escaped . 
 ` it 's okay , ' he whispered softly , moving closer to pull me in to him . 
 pressing my face against his chest , i inhaled his soothing scent , letting the tears pour out and soak through his t-shirt . 
 i sobbed in gasps as he held me , my heart aching so bad i wanted to pull it out to make it stop . 
 'em ma , we 're here , ' sara said from behind me , her hand rubbing my back . 
 ` it 's going to be okay . 
 we 're here for you , and we 're not going anywhere . ' 
 sleep eventually tugged at my punctured heart , and i drifted off into the darkness . 
 i looked around the dark room , still unable to sleep . 
 emma breathed into my chest , and sara was curled up behind her , with her hand on her back . 
 emma would flinch and release a moan every once in a while . 
 i could only imagine what tortured her in her dreams . 
 leaving them to sleep , i slipped out of the room and back to the couch that i had n't slept on . 
 the door to the guest room remained closed , with cole shut behind it . 
 i sat on the couch and stared out at the dark in a daze , waiting for the sun to brighten the sky . 
 sara emerged from the bedroom a couple of hours later , as the beach was finally coming into view beneath the blanket of fog . 
 she yawned and stretched her arms over her head , looking exhausted . 
 ` is she still sleeping ? ' 
 i asked , trying to decide if i should go back in there so she would n't wake up alone . 
 ` if that 's what you call it , ' sara mumbled , her words wrapped in another yawn . 
 she noticed my indecision . 
 ` evan , she 's asleep . 
 you do n't have to go back in there right now . 
 let 's make some breakfast or something . 
 are n't you supposed to be an awesome cook ? ' 
 ` yeah , sure , ' i replied , standing and twisting my body to stretch out my back . 
 ` i 'll make something . ' 
 i remained buried within the blanket but shifted my eyes up at sara as she sat next to me on the bed . 
 moving even slightly hurt ... everywhere . 
 ` are you hungry ? 
 evan made omelettes . 
 he could make you one , ' she offered gently . 
 i tried to shake my head , but was n't sure if i actually did . 
 i returned to staring at nothing . 
 i was infested with blackness , scorching and marring my insides , feeding on the guilt and hate that had taken root so long ago . 
 it intertwined with every cell , and there was no hiding from it any longer . 
 i could n't feel . 
 i could n't think . 
 i could n't move without triggering an unfathomable pain that would leave me begging to end the suffering , just as my mother intended . 
 ` she 's just staring in there . 
 it 's like ... she does n't even see me . 
 i do n't know what to do , ' cole said , sitting in the chair , rubbing his hands together as he looked straight ahead . 
 his voice sounded anxious and panicked . 
 ` what are we supposed to do ? ' 
 sara glanced worriedly from cole to me . 
 we had agreed to let emma mourn . 
 to let her come to terms with her mother 's death as she needed to . 
 but she was closing off , not eating , not talking , and we were all at a loss as to how to reach her . 
 ` uh , i 'm gon na ... i 'm gon na go out for a while , ' cole announced , looking at us guiltily . 
 ` will you be okay if i do that ? ' 
 sara nodded , and he looked to me . 
 i offered a quick nod as well . 
 he grabbed his keys and disappeared out the front door . 
 sara continued to stare at the door after he left . ' 
 i feel bad for him . 
 he had no idea what he was getting into with her . 
 this kinda sucks . ' 
 ` kinda ? ' 
 i countered , raising my brows . 
 i did n't want to feel sorry for cole . 
 it was evident that he was in over his head . 
 but that only confirmed that he should n't be with her . 
 ` what do we do , evan ? ' 
 sara asked , exhaustion weighing in her voice . 
 ` how do we get her back ? 
 should we take her to the hospital ? ' 
 i let out a breath and shook my head , feeling just as defeated . 
 ` it 's been two days . 
 let 's give her another day , and then we 'll decide . ' 
 sara rubbed her eyes . ' 
 i wish we could remind her how strong she really is . ' 
 then it hit me . ' 
 i got it , ' i declared , my chest lightening with this revelation . 
 ` what ? ' 
 sara 's head jerked up . 
 ` i 'll be right back , ' i told her . 
 i held on to the only thing i had left ... hope . 
 24 waiting for her 'em , i need you to get up . ' 
 her eyes opened , barely . 
 she squinted up at me without a word , without showing any inclination to get up . 
 ` i 'm serious , ' i said a little more firmly . 
 ` you need to get out of bed and come with me . ' 
 she just lay there , staring at me like she did n't understand a word i said . 
 ` either get out of bed , or i 'm carrying you . ' 
 her mouth dropped open . 
 at least i knew she 'd heard me . 
 ` why ? ' 
 she croaked hoarsely . 
 ` because i 'm going to help you , ' i explained . 
 ` but i ca n't do that until you get out of bed . ' 
 her eyes moved in contemplation . 
 it was the most reaction we 'd gotten out of her in days , other than crying . 
 ` you 're not going to leave me alone until i get out of bed , are you ? ' 
 ` nope , ' i answered , trying not to smile , even though it was getting harder . 
 ` trust me , emma . ' 
 she thought for a moment , took a deep breath and pushed the blankets back . 
 this time i could n't conceal my satisfaction . 
 ` do n't look all proud of yourself , ' she grumbled , sliding her legs over the edge of the bed . 
 i let out a quick laugh at her feistiness . 
 it was a good sign , or a better one anyway . 
 ` do you want to shower or anything first ? ' 
 i asked . 
 her hair was all knotted up on one side , and there were pillow crease lines on the side of her face . 
 she 'd been wearing the same clothes for two days , so i figured she 'd want to feel ... clean . 
 ` nope , ' she said stubbornly . 
 ` you want me to get up , this is how you get me . ' 
 i released a smile . 
 ` okay , then . 
 let 's go . ' 
 i turned towards the door . 
 ` we 're leaving ? ' 
 ` yeah . 
 are you sure you do n't want to wash up or brush your teeth ? ' 
 i suggested one more time . 
 she eyed me thoughtfully , trying to figure out what i was up to . 
 i smiled wider and emma 's eyes narrowed . 
 ` no , i 'm fine . ' 
 her defiance made me laugh . 
 she was never one to be told what to do , and that was one of the reasons i - i turned towards the door , cutting that thought off before it had a chance to finish . 
 it was n't why i was here , and i had to keep reminding myself that - though it was n't as easy to believe now . 
 emma shuffled behind me . 
 her movements were stiff , probably from being twisted up in a ball for so long . 
 we passed sara in the living room , reading a magazine on the couch . 
 she was trying so hard to appear casual , but i knew better . 
 she was a wreck on the inside . 
 ` have fun , ' she chimed with a smile . 
 emma gave her a sideways glance . 
 ` of course you 're in on this . ' 
 i looked to sara with a grin . 
 the worry surfaced in her eyes for that second . 
 she obviously was n't as confident as i was that this was going to work . 
 the light felt too bright when i walked out the front door , even though it was dusk . 
 my entire body felt like it had been frozen and it was now slowly thawing . 
 my head was still stuffed with cotton , and i felt so tired i could 've laid down on the sidewalk and fallen asleep . 
 i rolled my eyes at the grin evan could n't seem to lose , despite every glare i 'd shot at him . 
 i did n't know why i was agreeing to this . 
 but then again , i did . 
 because he 'd asked me to trust him . 
 and i 'd never said no before . 
 i plopped down on the front seat of the convertible , and evan shut the door after me . 
 we drove the two minutes to the other house in silence . 
 with evan in the lead , glancing over his shoulder every so often , i dragged myself through the garage and up the stairs . 
 we continued to the second floor of the house and stood outside a closed door . 
 ` close your eyes , ' he requested with a permanent grin . 
 my brows pulled together . 
 ` are you serious ? ' 
 ` yes . ' 
 he nodded . 
 ` close your eyes . ' 
 i sighed and closed my eyes . 
 a moment later i could feel fabric being wrapped around them . 
 ` really ? ' 
 i shot at him in disbelief . 
 evan laughed . 
 i would 've rolled my eyes again if they were open . 
 ` trust me , ' he said again . 
 i stilled with those words . 
 his words . 
 my heart pounded faster just hearing them . 
 evan took hold of my hand . 
 his hand was warm and strong , wrapping mine within it . 
 he gave it a small squeeze before saying , ` okay , take a few steps forward . ' 
 i allowed him to guide me , unable to control the fit going on inside my chest . 
 we passed through the doorway and i led her to the centre of the room before letting go of her hand to shut the door . 
 i waited a moment before i murmured quietly over her shoulder , ` breathe , emma . 
 take a deep breath . ' 
 she paused a moment , not understanding . 
 then i watched as she inhaled through her nose , filling her lungs while expanding her chest . 
 she hesitated , as if she were surprised . 
 then she breathed in again , and the most stunning smile emerged on her face . 
 it was the best reaction i could have hoped for . 
 emma pulled the bandana down , and it fell around her neck . 
 she took in the room around her and turned to me . 
 for the first time , i swore i saw a hint of light in the soft brown of her eyes . 
 ` thank you , ' she whispered . 
 i nodded , the lump in my throat making it challenging for me to speak as well . 
 i swallowed and said , ` let it all out , emma . 
 find your way back to us . ' 
 emma smiled brighter , causing me to do the same . 
 ` okay , ' she said , and turned from me . 
 i went back out the door , leaving her in the room . 
 i bit my lip as a tear slipped down my cheek . 
 i inhaled , absorbing the calming scents once again . 
 i had no idea how he 'd done it , how he 'd gotten the room to smell like it did , but it made my heart swell until i felt like it might burst . 
 sitting on the stool , i studied the blank canvas , remembering his words . 
 let it all out , emma . 
 collecting myself with a quick breath , i twirled the paintbrush thoughtfully in my hand . 
 the rest of evan 's words settled within me . 
 find your way back to us . 
 and a warmth spread through my body . 
 i knew exactly what i was going to paint . 
 i picked up a tube of paint , squirting the green along the palette . 
 i glanced around and noticed the small cooler with bottles of water and the tray that held a sandwich , a granola bar , and an apple . 
 on the desk were a clean clothes to change into . 
 my chest fluttered - a sensation i had n't felt in ... years . 
 at the same time , my stomach rumbled , and i picked up the granola bar as i continued to squirt colours on the palette . 
 all i wanted to do was lose myself in the strokes of my brush . 
 gain control over the chaos that was tearing me apart . 
 and find myself in the one place i would forever feel safe . ' 
 i got sara 's note , ' cole said when i answered the door . 
 ` yeah , come on in . ' 
 i walked back up the three steps into the living-room area . 
 ` so ... where is she ? ' 
 cole asked , glancing around uncomfortably . 
 ` painting , ' i told him . 
 he pulled his head back in confusion . 
 ` you did n't know she painted ? ' ' 
 i do n't think she has in ... well , since she left , ' sara explained . 
 she was sitting on the love seat with her legs curled under her . 
 she 'd paused the movie we were watching when we heard the knock at the door . 
 ` evan thought that it would help her deal with her grief . 
 that she could express herself through a paintbrush . 
 it used to work for her in high school . ' 
 ` oh , ' cole responded with a nod . 
 ` you thought of this . ' ' 
 i did , ' i replied carefully . 
 ` it was a long shot . 
 but it got her out of bed . ' 
 ` that 's good , i guess . ' 
 i knew he was still trying to figure out what my motives were , despite our conversation on the first night . 
 and i could n't get a true sense of what his feelings were for emma . 
 i did know he was n't dealing very well with what had been happening the past couple of days . 
 ` she 's upstairs , if you want to see her , ' sara told him . 
 cole glanced up the stairs , his hands shoved in his front pockets . 
 ` have you been up there ? ' 
 sara shook her head . 
 ` then i 'll just wait too . 
 will you call me when she comes down ? ' 
 ` sure , ' sara answered . 
 ` thanks . ' 
 he turned and walked out the door . 
 sara looked to me with her eyebrows raised , ` umm ... awkward . ' 
 i shrugged and plopped back down on the couch so we could continue watching the movie . 
 ` you can go to bed if you want , ' sara said to me as i started to nod off on the couch . 
 the screen was flashing baseball highlights . 
 i had n't slept much in the past few days , and it was taking its toll . 
 i was fighting every blink to keep my eyes open . 
 ` no , it 's okay , ' i said , shifting to try to appear more alert than i was . 
 ` evan , you can go sleep in an actual bed , ' sara continued . 
 ` you do n't have to hang out on the couch . 
 it 's after two in the morning . ' 
 i glanced up at the stairs . 
 she was still up there ... painting whatever it was that she was painting . 
 we had n't heard from her since i 'd shut the door , except the couple of times she 'd come into the hall to use the bathroom . 
 but neither of us had looked in on her , wanting to give her space to ... heal . 
 ` you can go to bed too , ' i told sara . 
 ` there 's more than one guest room . ' 
 her red-rimmed eyes made it apparent that she was just as tired . 
 she shrugged dismissively and turned her attention back to the book that was open on her lap . 
 neither one of us wanted to leave the couch . 
 it was the best vantage point to hear the door open and close , and to be visible when she finally walked down those stairs . 
 i stepped back to admire the image i 'd created and smiled proudly . 
 every stroke on the canvas pulsed with emotion . 
 my eyes blurred , and my hands shook slightly from the lingering adrenaline that had possessed me , keeping me focused throughout the night . 
 but when i set down the brush , all of the energy drained from me . 
 i was exhausted . 
 i held up my paint-covered hands . 
 i definitely needed to shower , especially since i had n't in almost three days . 
 suddenly i felt disgusting . 
 i scooped up the clothes from the desk and crept into the hall . 
 i could hear the television and see the light that shone at the bottom of the stairs . 
 evan must 've gotten up early , per usual . 
 i would never understand how a person could enjoy mornings so much . 
 i jumped up at the sound of the door clicking shut . 
 my feet hit the floor , and sara jolted awake . 
 ` what ? ' 
 she blurted , pushing her hair out of her face as she sat up . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 the sound of the shower filtered down the stairs . 
 ` she 's done , ' i announced , pushing the blanket off my lap and taking the stairs two at a time . 
 ` evan , wait for me ! ' 
 we entered the office with the huge glass windows that overlooked the ocean . 
 i thought it would be the perfect inspiration for her painting . 
 but when i saw the canvas , it did n't appear she 'd needed the inspiration after all . 
 i looked over at sara . ' 
 i like it , ' i declared , beaming at the image in front of me . 
 the sun 's bright rays filtering through the leaves made me want to squint . 
 with the heavy strokes of the bark , i could imagine dragging my fingertips along the rough texture . 
 ` of course you do , ' sara stated , shooting me a look out of the corner of her eye . 
 ` she painted the tree in your back yard with the swing you made for her . ' 
 ` yes she did , ' i gloated . 
 sara released a short laugh . 
 i stood before the canvas , admiring what emma had unleashed . 
 she 'd gone back to the one place that would always be waiting for her . 
 25 a little honesty my head was clear and quiet . 
 all i could hear was the deep rhythm of my breathing . 
 my heart thumped at a rapid pace in my chest . 
 if i could just push a little harder , maybe i 'd be able to escape and allow the light to soak through my skin . 
 maybe it would n't be so dark any more . 
 i dug my feet into the sand and sprinted faster , ignoring the plea of my burning muscles . 
 i absorbed the calm as the sun cut through the morning gloom . 
 just a little faster . 
 the stairs climbing up the hillside came into view , and i extended my stride . 
 i gave it everything i had until there was nothing left , fuelled by desperation . 
 i picked out a smooth grey rock thrust into the sand . 
 this would be my end point . 
 this would be where i 'd find redemption . 
 as i crossed it , i faltered to a stop , my lungs heaving . 
 i rested my hands on my h * ps and walked back and forth , trying to calm my pounding heart . 
 as much as i wanted to believe i could outrun the darkness , i knew it was still there , ready to take me . 
 redemption did n't wait for me here . 
 but the exertion was enough to provide a sliver of the solace that i sought , at least until night fell and the whispers started again . 
 i turned around just as evan stumbled to a stop , bending over and resting his hands on his thighs . 
 ` holy shit , ' he gasped . 
 ` you can never convince me you 're not a morning person again . ' 
 a glimpse of a smile appeared between his panting breaths . 
 ` i 'm not a morning person . ' 
 evan tilted his head up at me sceptically , sweat dripping from his nose . 
 ` i 'm a person who ca n't sleep , ' i explained , taking a deep breath to quicken my recovery . 
 evan nodded in understanding . 
 my eyes drifted down , not sure if he really did . 
 i did n't like the restlessness that chased away the sleep . 
 the thoughts that crept into my head when all i wanted was to think of nothing . 
 they were n't nightmares but whispers that haunted me in the dark , not letting me rest , not letting me go , not allowing me to forget . 
 ` sorry i did n't stop by yesterday , ' evan said , redirecting my attention . 
 ` it 's okay , ' i responded , trying to sound unaffected , though i 'd spent most of the day wondering where he was . 
 my distraction had n't gone unnoticed by either cole or sara . 
 i 'd tried to play it off as still being tired from everything that had happened in the past week . 
 but sara knew better , although she had n't confronted me yet . 
 ` you 're coming to the party later today , right ? ' 
 evan asked , walking towards the stairs . 
 my cheeks reddened at the thought of seeing his friends again . 
 ` yeah , we 'll be over later . ' 
 ` okay , ' he said from the bottom of the stairs , hesitating before turning away . 
 ` evan , ' i called to him , making him pause a few steps up . 
 ` we did n't get to talk for a few days , so we technically have eleven days left . 
 we can now ... if you want to . ' 
 we had n't exchanged a moment of honesty since the beginning of the week . 
 i did n't know why i offered . 
 it 's not like i enjoyed torturing myself , recounting all of the destructive choices i 'd made . 
 ` no . ' 
 evan shook his head . ' 
 i do n't want to do that any more . ' 
 i opened my mouth , not expecting his response . ' 
 i do n't hate you , emma , and i do n't want to . 
 and i 'm not going to force you to tell me things that you do n't want to tell me . 
 of course i want to know why you left , and what kept you away . 
 but only if you want to tell me . ' 
 ` okay , ' i whispered , my chest tightening with his concession . 
 ` i 'll see you later , ' evan said , and began climbing the stairs . 
 i nodded , then walked back towards cole 's . 
 my feet suddenly felt very heavy . 
 i should 've been relieved that he was n't going to force me to open up any more . 
 but i was n't . 
 i did n't understand it . 
 it almost felt like he was ... done . 
 i had n't expected him to give up so easily . 
 but that 's what he 'd wanted from the beginning - closure . 
 i drew in a quick breath , my heart twisting at the thought of it . 
 i should 've been prepared for this . 
 but i was n't . 
 ` how was your run ? ' 
 nate asked , sipping a cup of coffee at the kitchen counter . 
 ` pretty good , ' i answered , the corner of my lip creeping up . 
 ` what 's that look for ? ' 
 he demanded , knowing me too well . 
 ` let me guess . 
 you did n't run by yourself ? ' 
 ` no . ' 
 i laughed lightly . ' 
 i ran with emma , and it was ... good . ' 
 my mouth released the smile it was trying to hide . 
 ` she 's amazing out there when she runs . 
 i do n't know how to describe it . ' 
 i got lost in the image of her lean , strong legs propelling her forward , as if she could run forever . 
 it was the only time she ever appeared to be at peace . 
 i pulled my shoulders back in surprise when someone patted me on the back . 
 ` good morning , ' brent said brightly . 
 brent was always way too awake , no matter what time it was . 
 ` what are we doing today ? ' 
 ` uh , getting ready for a party , ' nate told him like he was an idiot . 
 ` the inventory in the closet downstairs is low . 
 we need to go shopping . 
 and i have no idea where the tiki torches went , so we may have to pick up new ones . ' 
 ` what 's the theme ? ' 
 brent asked , pouring coffee into a mug . 
 ` summer , ' nate replied simply . 
 ` that 's a good enough theme for me . 
 but we 're starting early , so it 'll be a pool party . ' 
 ` so the ladies will come sit by the pool wearing their bikinis , ' brent stated , nodding while wearing an obnoxious smile . 
 ` genius . ' 
 ` that 's all you think about , ' i said , grabbing a sports drink out of the refrigerator . 
 ` yeah , it is . ' 
 he looked at me like i was crazy . 
 ` you wait until you see the girls show up wearing practically nothing , and tell me you 're not thinking about it too . ' 
 nate glanced at me and smirked . 
 ` he wo n't be thinking about it . ' 
 i glared at him . 
 ` shut up , nate . ' 
 ` what 's going on ? ' 
 brent asked . 
 'em ma 's here , ' nate said , making brent choke on his coffee . 
 ` if you 're not going to stop sulking , then i 'm leaving you here , ' sara scolded while curling my hair . 
 ` i 'm not sulking . 
 and i want to go . ' 
 oddly enough , i did . 
 i twisted my fingers nervously in my lap , anxious about seeing the guys ... about seeing evan again . 
 ` something happened , and you 're not telling me . 
 i know - ' ` the two weeks are over , ' i blurted , watching her reaction in the mirror , hating the fact that i was so transparent to her . 
 ` uh , no they 're not , ' sara responded in confusion . 
 ` you have like ten days left . ' 
 ` he said he did n't want to do it any more , ' i replied quietly . 
 ` so ... it 's over . ' 
 sara stood still , the curling iron in her hand , examining me in the mirror . 
 ` and why does that make you so upset ? 
 i would figure you 'd be relieved not to have to confess everything you should have told him the first time around . ' 
 i made a face and opened my mouth to deny that it bothered me , but i knew she would n't believe me . 
 i connected with her blue eyes in the mirror and shrugged . 
 and that 's all she needed . 
 she smiled consolingly . 
 ` it 's not over , emma . ' 
 ` hey , ' cole hollered from the living room , causing us both to jump . 
 ` what time are we heading over there ? ' 
 ` uh , we 'll be out in a few minutes , ' i yelled back , flashing my eyes guiltily at sara . 
 ` you 're not dating , ' she stated . 
 ` sara ! ' 
 ` what ? 
 they 're your words , ' she said innocently . 
 i sighed . 
 this was about to get even more complicated . 
 ` you officially look gorgeous , ' sara announced , admiring me through the mirror . 
 ` now let 's go and have a ridiculously good time . 
 we have n't laughed nearly enough this summer . ' 
 i smiled , inspecting her work . 
 ` thank you , sara . ' 
 i turned towards her on the stool we 'd taken from the kitchen . 
 ` for everything . ' 
 sara smiled back . 
 i jumped down and slid on a pair of wedged sandals . 
 ` let 's go . ' 
 ` evan , can you grab me more coronas ? ' 
 nate hollered from across the pool . 
 i nodded and excused myself through the bare shoulders and surf shorts towards the downstairs entrance . 
 the crowd parted for me again when i returned a few minutes later with a couple of cases stacked in my arms . ' 
 i always love your parties , ' a girl beside the bar sighed to nate as i shoved bottles into tubs of ice . 
 ` we like it when you show up , reese , ' nate returned genuinely , not boldly flirtatious . 
 a moment later i heard , ` shit , evan . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 i stood up , expecting to have to intervene in a fight or something . 
 nate was staring up at the deck , so i followed his eyes ... and lost my breath . 
 ` dude , you 're in trouble , ' he muttered , still staring . 
 i could n't deny it when i saw her walking behind sara down the stairs . 
 the pink and orange floral sarong hung low on her hips , splitting open to mid-thigh with each step to reveal a sculpted tan leg . 
 the strapless orange top clung to her body , revealing just a hint of bronze skin around her waist . 
 her usually straight hair was tossed in curls , with one side pinned up by a pink flower . 
 i stared way too long as they made their way towards us - until i felt nate 's elbow in my ribs , jolting me out of my ogling . 
 my eyes connected with emma 's , and i grinned . 
 ` hi , em . 
 you look great . ' 
 ` thanks , ' she responded , dipping her eyes while a flush of red flooded her cheeks . 
 ` hey , evan , ' sara greeted me , a question looming in her eyes . 
 it confused me . 
 she made me feel like i 'd done something wrong . 
 i held my hands up and mouthed , what ? 
 sara answered with a withering glance . 
 emma looked towards sara and back to me , catching the end of our exchange . 
 ` what can i get you to drink , emma ? ' 
 nate finally asked , breaking the awkward tension . 
 ` umm ... ' i examined sara for a second longer , as she tried to hide whatever had just happened between her and evan . 
 ` what 's that ? ' 
 i asked , pointing to a girl behind sara carrying a pink drink . 
 ` that 's a pink lemonade drink we came up with for today , ' nate said . 
 ` i 'll have one of those , ' i requested - and saw evan 's eyebrows rise . 
 my cheeks flared up recollecting the last time he 'd seen me drink . 
 ` we talked about it , ' sara said , intervening . 
 sara and i 'd made a pact before we left , and i assured her that i could drink responsibly . 
 now was my chance to prove it . 
 nate made sara and i each a pink drink with a neon green straw and a tiny umbrella . 
 ` thanks , nate . ' 
 i could n't look at evan for more than a second . 
 my cheeks were about to catch fire when i saw him behind the bar without his shirt on . 
 i was warned this was a pool party , but i was n't prepared for that . 
 it was the first time i 'd seen him shirtless since i 'd arrived in california , and he 'd put on some ... muscle in two years . 
 i took a breath to cool my cheeks and scanned the pool . 
 ` wow , there 's a lot of girls here . 
 and they 're practically nak * d. ' sara laughed and pulled me after her to find a spot in the shade . 
 we sat on two chairs under an umbrella , sipping our drinks among the oiled bodies splayed around the pool and floating on rafts atop the water . 
 i had n't realized they made swimsuits that small . 
 my eyes widened at the sight of a girl with a string covering only the parts that mattered . 
 then she turned around , and i realized it did n't cover all of them . 
 ` does a string up your butt qualify as a bathing suit ? ' 
 ` well , she can wear whatever she wants with a body like that , ' sara said , unfazed . 
 cole joined us after stopping to talk to a few people he knew . 
 he hung his shirt off the back of a chair and pulled it up next to me , but out from under the shade of the umbrella . 
 he was drawing some attention of his own , and the girls were n't exactly being subtle about it . 
 ` have you been to these parties before ? ' 
 i asked him , shocked at how obvious the girls around us were being . 
 ` it 's california , ' he replied , unaffected . 
 ` seriously ? ' 
 i questioned , making an effort to close my mouth . 
 cole chuckled . 
 ` this is your first pool party ? ' 
 i nodded . 
 ` yeah , this is pretty typical around here . ' 
 ` how can you not stare ? ' 
 i asked him , having a hard time not staring myself . 
 ` i 'd rather not have it blatantly flaunted in front of me , especially when i 've seen - ' his eyes ran the length of my body . 
 ` okay , i got it , ' i interrupted him , adjusting my wrap to cover my exposed leg as sara just about choked on her drink . 
 cole laughed , and he leaned over and kissed me gently . 
 peeking out of the corner of my eye to make sure evan was n't watching , i barely moved my lips to return his kiss . 
 cole pulled back with a confused expression . 
 i darted my eyes around with a rise of my eyebrows , trying to make it appear i was uncomfortable with the pda . 
 ` yeah , sorry , ' he said , leaning back in the chair . 
 sara took a sip of her drink concealing her slight grin , but not before i saw it . 
 i could n't help but look for her . 
 no matter who i was talking to , or where i was , i 'd keep glancing around the room , or the deck , or the patio , seeking her out . 
 cole caught me more than once , which made it more than awkward . 
 ` you 're evan , right ? ' 
 i turned my head away from emma , who was leaning against the railing , sipping the drink in her hand , and focused on the tall blonde in front of me . 
 ` uh , yeah . 
 can i get you a drink ? ' 
 i asked , wondering when tj was returning to take over for me behind the bar . 
 ` will you do a shot with me ? ' 
 she asked , leaning over and setting her elbows on the bar so that i 'd get of view of ... everything . 
 i kept my eyes on hers , not tempted to look anywhere else . 
 ` it 's still too early for me to do a shot , sorry , ' i told her , causing her to pout , which was anything but attractive . 
 ` do you want one anyway ? ' ' 
 i suppose , ' she sulked . 
 ` tequila . ' 
 i poured the clear liquid in a plastic shot glass and set it in front of her with a lime . 
 ` my name is kendra , by the way . ' 
 ` nice to meet you , kendra , ' i responded with a false smile . 
 ` you have amazing eyes , ' she flirted , slowly licking the back of her hand and pouring salt on it . 
 ` thanks , ' i replied , looking past her to find emma waiting behind her , her eyes darting around uneasily . 
 i grinned . 
 ` hey , em , ' he called to me , despite the fact that the girl was still lingering in front of him . 
 i was convinced she was a model , with her towering lean height and taut body . 
 ` do you need another drink ? ' 
 i poked my head around the bony shoulder and nodded . 
 ` please . 
 and a water too . ' 
 the leggy blonde leaned over and said , ` for later , when you are ready . ' 
 she set a napkin in front of evan and walked away , moving her h * ps to accentuate the curves she did n't have . 
 ` uh ... ' i fumbled , noticing the phone number she 'd set in front of him . 
 evan used the napkin to pick up the lime she 'd left on the bar and stuffed it in the empty shot glass before throwing it away . 
 ` having fun ? ' 
 he asked , not appearing affected by what had just happened . 
 i stood in front of him , beyond uncomfortable . 
 i could only nod , awaiting my drink . 
 evan noticed my inability to speak and smiled in that amused way he did . 
 ` you saw that , huh ? ' 
 i pressed my lips together and nodded again . 
 it was all i could seem to do . 
 ` not interested . ' 
 evan raised a shoulder , grinning at me again . 
 he turned to pull a bottle of water from the tub behind him and prepared my drink . 
 i glanced around to keep from watching him , while i waited . 
 he handed me a cup with an umbrella in it , wrapped in a napkin . 
 ` thanks , ' i uttered barely audibly , and walked away . 
 when i returned to the chair , i peeled off the napkin , which was already getting wet , about to crumple it up when i noticed the blue ink . 
 a phone number was smeared across it , along with for later , evan . 
 i let out a laugh , drawing sara 's attention . 
 ` what 's so funny ? ' 
 she demanded , studying me carefully . 
 i could n't keep the smile from my face as i shook my head dismissively . 
 i folded the napkin in half and concealed it beneath the edge of my strapless top . 
 it occurred to me that i did n't have his phone number saved in my phone , and i should hold on to it . 
 besides , it was funny . 
 ` you do n't want to tell me , do you ? ' 
 sara snapped , feigning offence . 
 i glanced at cole , who was in a surfing conversation with the guy standing in front of him . 
 sara noticed and nodded in understanding . 
 ` later . ' 
 i nodded in return . 
 after a day of drinks and sun , night fell and the party escalated to a new level . 
 many of the girls opted to change , while others continued to flaunt their bikini-clad bodies . 
 the guys who 'd spent the day surfing arrived to provide a little more gender balance , much to brent 's disappointment . 
 the inside became the dance floor , as intended . 
 i leaned against the wall , taking a look around , and was about to take a sip , when i stopped with the bottle pressed against my lips . 
 emma twirled under sara 's arm , laughing . 
 my breath faltered at the sight of her body moving to the rhythm , rocking her h * ps in a pair of low-riding white shorts . 
 she revealed more of her flat stomach , her arms swaying in the air . 
 ` you got ta look away right now , ' nate demanded in my ear . 
 i jerked my head towards him . 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` dude , he 's about to kick your ass , ' nate warned quietly , his eyes flicking across the room . 
 i looked over to find cole glaring at me . 
 ` shit , ' i muttered , turning away . ' 
 i could n't help it . 
 i 've never seen her move like that . ' 
 ` maybe you should get behind the bar , ' nate advised . 
 i nodded and cut through to the far end of the room . 
 ` hey , evan ! ' 
 tj greeted me . 
 ` you taking over for me ? ' 
 ` yeah , ' i replied , trying to calm . 
 ` wan na do a shot with me before i go ? 
 you look like you could use one . ' 
 ` sure , ' i answered without hesitation . 
 he poured us shots of tequila . 
 tj held up his glass before slinging it back , then shaking off the bite . 
 'em ma looks frickin ' hot , by the way . ' 
 ` yeah , thanks , tj , ' i grumbled . 
 tj laughed . 
 ` that 's why you needed the shot , is n't it ? 
 fuck , man . 
 if you 're going to try to avoid checking her out , then you definitely need a few more shots . 
 i 'll do another with you just to help you out . ' 
 i smiled . 
 ` thanks for sacrificing yourself for me . ' 
 i poured us another shot and swallowed it down , breathing out the tequila through my teeth . 
 ` i 'm not sure that 's going to help . ' 
 ` well , it 'll take out some of the sting when she goes home with cole tonight , ' tj remarked , laughing . 
 ` fuck you , tj , ' i shot back , making him laugh harder . 
 ` you can leave the bar now . ' 
 ` no problem , ' he responded , slipping into the crowd . 
 ` do you want another drink ? ' 
 sara yelled to me over the noise of the crowd and the music . 
 i paused to consider where i was in the spectrum of drunkenness . 
 ` will you split one with me ? ' 
 ` yeah , ' sara said , taking my hand to lead me to the bar . 
 before we neared it , cole caught my other hand and asked , ` dance with me ? ' 
 i looked up at him in surprise and nodded , never having seen him dance before . 
 he led me through the crowd to the middle of the dance floor and held me close . 
 i draped my arms around his neck , and his breath tickled my skin . 
 we slowly moved to the beat , our bodies pressed tight with his hands cradling my hips . 
 ` are you still planning to find your friend in new york ? ' 
 he asked with his mouth close to my ear . 
 ` honestly , i 'm not even sure where to look for him , ' i responded , my eyes dipping towards the floor . 
 ` and i think i 'm too late ... again . ' 
 cole sensed my change in demeanour and pulled me closer , kissing my neck . 
 ` i 'm sorry . ' 
 his h * ps rocked against mine . 
 i slid my hand down to rest on his chest and could feel his heart beating faster . 
 that 's when i realized that mine was n't . 
 my pulse was even , and my skin was n't tingling like it usually did when he touched me . 
 i looked up in surprise . 
 his clear blue eyes inspected mine . 
 he knew it too . 
 cole stopped moving and dropped his hands . 
 he kept his focus on me , waiting for me to say something . 
 but i remained silent , still stunned with the realization that our connection was gone . 
 and he heard every unspoken word . 
 cole shook his head in disbelief . 
 ` really ? 
 that 's it ? ' 
 i reached for him , but he moved back a step . 
 ` do n't bother . ' 
 he brushed past me and pushed his way through the crowd , leaving me standing motionless , looking after him . 
 the dancing bodies filled in the empty space , moving around me as i remained perfectly still , shocked by what had just happened . 
 ` hey , ' sara hollered , parting the crowd with the drink held out in front of her . 
 ` here . ' 
 she handed me the cup and i took a long sip . 
 ` where 's cole ? ' 
 she scanned the crowd in search of him . 
 ` he left , ' i told her . 
 she drew her brows together . 
 ` why ? 
 what happened ? ' 
 ` nothing , ' i answered simply . 
 ` nothing happened . ' 
 and that was the problem . 
 i sighed guiltily . 
 ` dance with me , ' sara exclaimed , taking my hand and spinning me around to distract me , replacing the guilt with a subtle swirl in my head . 
 sara offered me the cup again , and i shook my head , not needing to add to it . 
 i closed the bedroom door behind me , shutting out the laughter and music that was still going on upstairs . 
 i 'd pulled the liquor from the outside bar and let the guys take care of the one upstairs , since brent and tj were still ` entertaining ' . 
 nate and ren had passed out a while ago . 
 i could n't recall seeing ren most of the night , but that 's how it usually was with him . 
 i stripped off my shirt , threw it in the corner and emptied my shorts ' pockets , dumping the contents on the nightstand next to the bed , along with my phone . 
 i kicked off my shoes and went into the bathroom to brush my teeth . 
 when i came back into the bedroom , my phone was lit up . 
 i picked it up and found , is it later yet ? 
 displayed across the screen . 
 i paused , not recognizing the california number . 
 i released a deep breath , wondering if one of the guys had handed out my number . 
 then i realized i had . 
 it is later . 
 where are you ? 
 i waited for her to respond . 
 and my brows raised when my phone lit up again with , outside your room . 
 i walked over to the curtain , slid it back and grinned when emma waved to me from the other side of the sliding glass door . 
 ` hi , ' i said when he opened the door , my heart beating a million miles a minute . 
 i 'd told myself this was a bad idea for the past half hour , but still found my way from the beach back up to this patio , staring at his room - and eventually texting him when i saw his light turn on . 
 i was convinced i 'd die if he was in there with another girl . 
 ` hi , ' evan responded , his breathtaking grin greeting me . 
 ` what are you doing out here ? ' 
 ` umm ... nothing . ' 
 evan laughed . 
 ` are you lost ? ' 
 ` most likely , ' i answered , shuffling my bare feet . 
 ` would you like to come in ? ' 
 he offered . 
 i lifted my eyes , having a hard time looking at him without his shirt on . 
 my heart skipped several beats and my entire face lit on fire . 
 ` you do n't have to . ' 
 ` sure , ' i finally muttered , averting my eyes to avoid getting lost in the deep curves of his chest and intricate lines of his stomach . 
 i took a breath and forced myself forward into his room while he held back the curtain for me . 
 evan slid the door closed and replaced the curtain . 
 i looked around the room nervously , trying to find the courage to say what i 'd been saying over in my head for the past hour and a half as i roamed the beach . 
 she was nervous . 
 adorably nervous . 
 i had no idea why she was in my room , but i was n't about to turn her away . 
 the flower was gone and the curls tossed loosely around her head . 
 i glanced at her bare feet and noticed the sand on them . 
 emma 's eyes scanned every inch of the room , avoiding looking at me . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 she turned towards me , darting her eyes from the floor up to my face and back down . 
 i tried not to laugh , but it was quite amusing . 
 ` are you drunk ? ' ' 
 a little , ' she admitted shyly . 
 ` are you ? ' ' 
 a little , ' i repeated . 
 the shots having done their job . 
 ` that 's kinda good , ' she said , biting at her full lower lip , which was making it really difficult not to look at it . 
 ` why 's that ? ' 
 ` it 'll make it easier , ' she responded cryptically . 
 she was going to make me pull it out of her , i could tell . 
 i took a shallow breath , recognizing i needed to draw on my patience . 
 ` make what easier ? ' 
 i asked gently . 
 ` can we , umm , shut off the lights ? ' 
 she asked suddenly , taking me by surprise . ' 
 i suppose , ' i said in confusion , ` but then we 'll be standing in the dark . ' 
 i frowned at my patheticness . 
 how was i supposed to talk to him without looking at him ? 
 and i could n't look at him if he did n't put a shirt on . 
 before i changed my mind or asked if he 'd put a shirt on , which i knew was going to sound even more ridiculous , evan offered , ` we could sit on the bed ... in the dark ... if you want , so then , well ... what did you come here for , emma ? ' 
 i could n't breathe . 
 i nodded and moved towards the bed , not answering his question . 
 my mind was swirling with panic , and i could n't form a cohesive sentence . 
 i was going to pass out before i even uttered a single word , and then all the courage i 'd mustered to walk up here would be for nothing . 
 i plopped down on the bed and waited for evan to shut off the light . 
 i clicked the light off and noticed she was lying on the bed instead of sitting . 
 i scooted onto the bed beside her . 
 she was perfectly still , with her head on the pillow across from me . 
 it was too dark to see her face , but i could hear her quick breaths , like she was getting all worked up . 
 i knew her brain must be in overdrive , figuring out what to do next . 
 ` better ? ' 
 i asked in a whisper . 
 ` yeah , ' emma answered quickly . 
 after a moment , my eyes adjusted to the dark . 
 the glow seeping through the curtain provided enough light for me to see her silhouette . 
 emma shifted on her back and began playing with her hands like she did when she was nervous . 
 i waited . 
 she remained silent . 
 eventually , she turned back on her side to face me , a little closer than she was before . 
 i could feel her breath on my lips . 
 ` are you still kinda drunk ? ' 
 she asked softly , making me laugh . 
 ` kinda , ' i replied . 
 she was silent again . 
 ` why ? ' 
 ` are you more honest when you 're kinda drunk ? ' 
 ` umm ... i suppose , ' i answered , intrigued by where this was headed . 
 ` me too , ' she spouted nervously . 
 ` will you tell me one thing that you normally would n't say to me if you were n't kinda drunk , so that i know that you are ? ' 
 i smiled at her request . 
 ` okay , ' i could feel my body respond to her closeness , and drew in a breath . 
 ` i 'd really like to kiss you , ' i whispered , my heart thumping louder . 
 her breathing faltered as i reached over and ran my hand along her cheek . 
 i closed my eyes to his touch , unable to breathe properly . 
 i actually was n't convinced i was breathing at all . ' 
 i do n't want you to kiss me , ' i said in a whisper , my heart contradicting my words with its frantic fluttering . 
 ` okay , ' he responded , pulling his hand away . 
 i almost regretted saying it as the warmth of his touch disappeared , but i forced myself to focus , and said , ` because ... i came here ... to tell you something . ' 
 he was quiet . 
 almost too quiet . 
 i was about to lose my nerve when he murmured , ` i 'm listening . ' 
 i took a breath of courage and said , ' i left to protect you . ' 
 evan was quiet again . 
 i could see his outline in the dark , watching his shoulder rise and fall as he breathed evenly . 
 ` from what ? ' 
 ` me , ' i said , my voice catching . 
 i had convinced myself i could tell him , to give him the answer he wanted most , and do it without breaking down . 
 but i knew now that was n't going to be possible . ' 
 i do n't understand , ' he responded , his voice cautious . ' 
 i think i 'm doing the right thing . 
 but i never do . 
 every decision i 've made to protect the people i care about has been wrong . 
 and i only end up hurting them . ' 
 my throat closed in around those last words . 
 this is what we do . 
 we hurt people . 
 i fought to regain my composure . 
 ` how many times did i have to hurt you , evan ? 
 how many times were you going to keep coming back so i could do it again ? ' 
 i inhaled a quick breath as the tears broke the barrier and rolled over the bridge of my nose , soaking into the pillow . ' 
 i was doing to you the same thing my mother did to me . 
 and i could n't let you keep coming back for more . 
 i could n't continue to hurt you . 
 the only way to save you was to leave . ' 
 the admission that i was as destructive as my mother twisted my heart . 
 i never wanted to be her . 
 but more of her ran through my veins than i ever wanted to admit . 
 and i needed to push him away before i left him as broken and empty as i 'd become . 
 i tucked my face into the pillow so he would n't hear my jagged breaths . 
 my entire body tightened against the ache that crept through my muscles . 
 honesty hurt . 
 his silence slowly tortured me as my body shook next to him . 
 i did n't know what to say . 
 i clenched my jaw as i fought not to touch her , unsure if i should . 
 the muscles along my back were rigid with an anger that i could not deny . 
 i was at conflict with two emotions : the one that wanted to comfort her and keep her from hurting , and the one that was furious that she 'd left me , making me suffer all this time without ever taking into account what she was truly doing to me . 
 her cries were muffled in the pillow , and i could see her body quiver . 
 in that moment of pause , i knew which side would win . 
 it always would . 
 i moved closer and pulled her in to me , shushing her tears away . 
 she cried against my chest as i wrapped her in my arms and tried to assuage her guilt . 
 the guilt that broke my heart two years ago . 
 the guilt that i would have to fight in order to save us both . 
 26 letting go i pressed my nose against her hair and inhaled the soft , clean scent . 
 i 'd been listening to emma breathe since she drifted to sleep . 
 i knew the sun was up on the other side of the curtains , and she 'd probably be waking soon . 
 sleep never happened for me . 
 the rest of my night was spent reliving every second of our life together - trying to find the moment she started to slip away from me . 
 and i kept coming back to jonathan . 
 she 'd sought me out last night , obviously nervous , to provide me with the answer to the question . 
 that answer still echoed in my head - she 'd left to protect me . 
 so she would n't keep hurting me . 
 emma had always had a different way of processing the world and her place in it . 
 i knew pretty much from the beginning that she was going to be a challenge to understand . 
 but that was one of the things that drew me to her . 
 i wanted to understand , to figure her out . 
 and she 'd been letting me in , a question at a time . 
 it was what i 'd always wanted from her . 
 i did n't get what was different now , other than the guilt . 
 the guilt had absolutely changed her . 
 i looked down at her , wrapping my arm around her waist . 
 she looked so different . 
 it was more than the short hair and thin frame . 
 she seemed so ... delicate . 
 my body could surround hers easily , shielding her from whatever harm sought her . 
 but what waited to destroy her was on the inside . 
 and i 'd been witnessing the progression of that destruction since the moment i saw her staring out the window of the funeral home . 
 i did n't know how to save her from herself . 
 i felt helpless . 
 a feeling that did n't sit well with me - but one i 'd experienced too often when it came to emma thomas . 
 her question plagued me - how many times did i have to keep coming back to be hurt by her before i 'd had enough ? 
 i pulled her to me and inhaled her again . 
 ` but how do i let you go , emma ? ' 
 i whispered into her hair . 
 i still did n't know the whole truth . 
 i leaned over her and pushed the loose strands back to see her face . 
 she looked so peaceful , with her dark lashes hiding the torment that lay beneath . 
 i admired her sloping nose and her soft full lips . 
 i could never get over how beautiful she was . ' 
 i do n't know what to do , ' i murmured just as my phone vibrated on top of the loose change spread on the nightstand . 
 i rolled back quickly and silenced it , afraid it would wake her , but she did n't move . 
 have you seen emma ? 
 i woke up and she 's not here . 
 and she 's not answering her phone . 
 i picked up the phone lying next to emma and pushed the display button ; the screen remained blank . 
 i responded to sara 's text . 
 she 's here . 
 her phone 's dead . 
 i draped my arm back around emma , about to actually try to fall asleep , when my phone vibrated again . 
 i 'm coming to get her . 
 i sighed , knowing sara would n't stop at the door unless i intercepted her , and i did n't want to hear it from her if she jumped to conclusions about what happened last night . 
 as much as it killed me to do so , i moved away from emma and rolled off the bed . 
 i covered her with a blanket and dragged my body upstairs . 
 i was hoping i 'd be able to put sara at ease quickly so i could return to bed before emma woke . 
 i rolled onto my back when the door clicked shut . 
 he was letting me go . 
 i had n't thought it was possible to be any more broken . 
 i exhaled the little air that was left in my lungs and stared at the ceiling . 
 i needed to leave before he came back . 
 i could n't face him . 
 i pushed back the blanket and sat up , shoving myself off the bed . 
 without looking back , i slipped out the sliding glass door and picked up my shoes on the patio before heading towards the beach . 
 ` wow , you look like hell , ' brent quipped when i appeared in the kitchen . 
 i ran a hand through my hair and grumbled , ` thanks . ' 
 ren was peeling an orange on the counter . 
 ` rough night ? ' 
 ` where 'd you disappear to last night ? ' 
 i asked , avoiding his question . ' 
 i swear i did n't see you for more than a minute . ' 
 ` met some buddies down on the beach , ' he answered . 
 this was code for : we sat around , talked surfing , and got high all night . 
 ` so you ditched the party ? ' 
 brent clarified . 
 ren shrugged lazily . 
 ` wan na go surfing ? ' 
 ` i 'm leaving for the airport in a couple of hours , ' i told him . 
 ` i 'll go , ' brent agreed , true to form . 
 nate appeared on the stairs , his body moving clumsily and his eyes almost completely closed . 
 i was half convinced he was sleepwalking until he muttered , ` fuck . 
 this place is a disaster . ' 
 the house smelled of stale beer and was wrecked , with cups and trash everywhere - the typical after-party effects . 
 i 'd seen worse . 
 ` we 'll pick up the trash , ' brent assured him . 
 ` what time is the cleaning crew getting here ? ' 
 ` noon . ' 
 nate yawned , rubbing his face with both hands . 
 the front door shook with loud , banging knocks . 
 ` holy fuck ! 
 who the hell is that ? ' 
 nate held the sides of his head , pressing it together like the loud noise might split it open . ' 
 i got it . ' 
 i sighed , knowing exactly who it was . 
 ` where is she , evan ? ' 
 sara asked impatiently , practically pushing me out of the way . 
 ` she 's still sleeping , ' i told her , shutting the door behind her . 
 ` who ? ' 
 ren asked . 
 brent and nate stared at me like i 'd confessed to a crime . 
 ` no . 
 fucking . 
 way , ' brent gaped , shaking his head . 
 ` do n't tell me you did what i think you did , ' nate begged . 
 ` relax . ' 
 i held up my hands in defence . 
 ` we just talked . 
 she fell asleep . 
 and that 's it . ' 
 ` she fell asleep in your bed , ' sara snapped . 
 then she said so only i could hear her , ` sleeping with her is not going to fix things . ' 
 i released an annoyed breath . 
 ` what the hell ? 
 nothing happened . ' 
 sara disappeared down the stairs . 
 i turned towards the guys , who were still staring at me . 
 ` are we clening this place , or what ? ' 
 'em ma ! ' 
 i heard sara yell . 
 she was shutting the glass door and hurrying across the patio . 
 i waited for her to catch up before continuing down the stairs . 
 sara did n't say anything to me until we reached the beach . 
 ` are you okay ? ' 
 i shrugged , not knowing how to answer that question . 
 i felt anything but okay . 
 i felt ... lost . 
 ` why 'd you go back to see evan last night ? ' 
 she watched me carefully . 
 i averted my eyes towards the sand , focused on the receding water sinking into its surface . ' 
 i decided to tell him why i left . 
 he wanted to know . 
 he deserved to know . 
 so i told him . ' 
 ` what did you tell him exactly ? ' 
 sara asked . 
 i repeated what i 'd said to her two years ago . ' 
 i left to protect him from being hurt by me again . ' 
 my chest ached repeating it . 
 ` and ... what did he say ? ' 
 sara coaxed gently , like she was pulling on a fragile piece of string and feared which question would leave her with a broken end . 
 the constriction in my throat kept my answer trapped . 
 i fought the sting of tears in my eyes , blinking up at the clouds . 
 ` nothing , ' my voice strained . 
 ` he did n't say anything . ' 
 ` you do n't want him to hate you any more , do you ? ' 
 sara asked simply . 
 i shook my head . 
 ` but i do n't think he 'll ever forgive me either , ' i rasped , crushed by the thought of it . 
 ` you were right ... ' ` about what ? ' 
 sara asked , the sympathy weighing heavily in her voice . 
 ` leaving him was the worst mistake of my life . ' 
 i stopped walking , covering my eyes with both hands as i released a silent sob . 
 ` are you going to tell me what happened ? ' 
 nate asked , lingering just outside my bedroom as i threw clothes in a bag . 
 ` no . ' 
 i shook my head , wanting to keep emma 's confession to myself . 
 ` but i have a lot of thinking to do . ' 
 ` did it change your mind ? ' 
 he questioned , crossing his arms as he leaned against the doorframe . 
 ` about this trip ? 
 no , this has always been my decision . 
 it does n't have anything to do with emma , ' i replied , having committed to this way before last night . 
 ` but i 'm not sure what 's going to happen when i get back . ' 
 ` that bad ? ' 
 nate interpreted . 
 i shook my head , ` no , i just ... i need to think . ' 
 ` whatever happens , evan , ' nate said , his voice careful , ' i wo n't let you become that guy again . 
 i saw what she did to you , and i 'll do whatever it takes to make sure it does n't happen again , even if you end up hating me . ' ' 
 i get it , ' i told him . 
 ` and i wo n't ever be like that again . 
 i swear to you . ' 
 he nodded in acceptance . 
 ` hey , is n't your flight taking off kinda soon ? ' 
 he stretched his arms above his head . 
 ` no , it 's this afternoon , ' i responded , stuffing a jacket in my bag . ' 
 i need to stop by and see emma before we go . ' 
 ` no problem , ' he agreed . 
 ` but i swear i thought you said your flight was this morning . ' 
 ` let me check . ' 
 i took out my phone and pulled up the itinerary my mother had sent . 
 ` fuck . 
 my flight 's in an hour . 
 we 've got ta go . ' 
 ` he just needs time , em , ' sara soothed , sitting next to me on the deck , staring at the waves surging against the sand . 
 i nodded absently . 
 ` evan will forgive you . ' 
 i was n't convinced . 
 why should he ? 
 i 'd betrayed him . 
 i 'd betrayed both of them . 
 i left evan instead of letting him in . 
 and i drove jonathan away , fearful he 'd gotten too close . 
 neither of them had a reason to trust me . 
 now i was convinced i 'd lost them both . 
 i turned my head towards sara . 
 she looked back at me sorrowfully , and i began to wonder how long it would be before i did something to hurt her again . 
 she 'd always found a way to forgive me , even when i had n't been completely honest with her . 
 but there would come a time when i would drive her away too . 
 ` i 'm going to take a shower , ' sara announced , standing . 
 ` okay , ' i replied , remaining on the deck . 
 i pushed away the tears and forced the shroud of numbness over me , but i could still feel the ache deep inside despite my efforts . 
 i reached for my phone to see if jonathan had responded to any of my messages or texts . 
 i knew he would n't , but it did n't stop me from obsessively checking . 
 that 's when i realized i 'd left my phone at evan 's . 
 i grimaced , not ready to go back there just yet . 
 maybe sara would get it for me . 
 i noticed cole 's door was still closed when i entered the house . 
 it was way past the time he usually got up , but considering how upset i 'd made him last night , i decided to leave him alone and continued into sara 's room . ' 
 i left my - ' i started to say as i entered the bedroom . 
 then i caught sight of sara 's slumped shoulders and teary eyes . 
 ` what 's wrong ? ' 
 ` um ... my mother called , ' sara began . 
 i sat next to her , waiting for her to continue . 
 ` my grandfather died . ' 
 ` oh , sara , i 'm so sorry , ' i consoled , taking her hand . 
 she leaned over and rested her head on my shoulder . 
 ` thanks . 
 he was old . 
 we knew it was only a matter of time . ' 
 she sighed . 
 ` there always seemed to be something wrong with him . ' 
 after a moment of reflection she added , ` god , he was a pain in the ass . ' 
 which caused us both to laugh . 
 ` but he was my grandfather , and i loved him . ' ' 
 i know . ' 
 i leaned my head against hers . ' 
 i have to leave , ' she murmured . 
 ` my mother 's sending a car to take me to lax . ' 
 i 'd met her grandfather a couple of times over the years . 
 he made me uncomfortable , with his cynicism and complaints about every part of his body failing in some way or another . 
 i did n't think he liked anyone - except jared , ironically . 
 sara took a deep breath before releasing my hand and standing . 
 although there was a sense of acceptance with her loss , i wanted more than anything to make her feel better . 
 ` i 'll come with you , ' i told her , hoping to provide even half the comfort that she had while we were in weslyn . 
 ` oh no . ' 
 she shook her head . 
 ` you have enough drama of your own . 
 you do n't want to be around my crazy family , trust me . 
 i 'll be back in a few days . ' 
 i nodded meekly . 
 about a half hour later , she was packed . 
 i was walking with her into the living room when a honk came from the driveway . 
 ` that 's the car , ' sara told me . ' 
 i have to go . ' 
 she hesitated a moment to examine me . 
 ` go talk to him , emma . 
 give him a chance to accept what you said , but then go talk to him . ' 
 i gave a slight nod . 
 she leaned in and hugged me . 
 ` i 'll be back soon . 
 i 'll call you when i get there , okay ? ' 
 ` sure , ' i said , barely audibly . 
 i watched sara roll her suitcase behind her and disappear . 
 her rejection had stung . 
 the pain zipped through my chest in a quick streak . 
 i was too messed up to even comfort my best friend . 
 she did n't need me . 
 eyeing cole 's door , i sighed . 
 i did n't have the energy or will to try to explain what had happened last night . 
 we both knew . 
 but something did n't feel right . 
 i walked to his room and knocked gently . 
 silence . 
 hesitantly , i opened the door . 
 the bed was neatly made , and the room appeared ... too clean . 
 when i walked in further , i saw my things were hanging in the closet , with a few shoes and my tote bag on the floor , but his were missing . 
 i peeked into the bathroom . 
 everything was cleared out , except for my toothbrush . 
 i was about to turn around and leave the room when the folded paper caught my eye , resting on the pillow where i slept . 
 i stared at it for a moment , contemplating whether i truly wanted to know what it said , dread twisting in my stomach . 
 i summoned the courage to pick it up and braced myself as i unfolded it . 
 i agreed to walk away before you hurt me . 
 i wo n't let you hurt me , emma . 
 i lowered myself on the edge of the bed , feeling the impact of those two simple lines . 
 ` cole , i 'm so sorry , ' i murmured , accepting the unwritten truth . 
 i had hurt him . 
 but that 's what i did . 
 i sank onto the couch and pulled the blanket off the back to try to ward off the chill that had overtaken my body . 
 but the iciness in the pit of my stomach could n't be thawed as i laid back and stared at nothing . 
 the sense of being lost seized me again . 
 there was nowhere i belonged . 
 my family did n't want me . 
 evan could n't forgive me . 
 sara did n't need me . 
 the girls did n't really know me . 
 jonathan was gone . 
 and cole had walked away , finally seeing me for who i was . 
 i felt so ... tired . 
 letting the exhaustion pull at my lids , i closed my eyes and hoped the whispers would let me sleep . 
 i stared at the phone in my hand . 
 the phone emma had left on the bed , that i was supposed to return to her before i left for the airport . 
 in the rush to make the flight , i had completely forgotten i had it . 
 i plugged it into my charger and set it on the desk . 
 the door of the hotel room clicked open . 
 i turned to find jared with a bag in his hand . 
 ` hey , ' i greeted him . 
 ` what are you doing here ? ' 
 ` mom told me to come . 
 she said she 'd be here with you , and that she needed to tell us both something . ' 
 ` she does ? 
 any idea what ? ' 
 i questioned . 
 i should have suspected jared was going to be here when i saw she 'd reserved a room with two beds . 
 but i was too distracted to give it much thought . 
 ` no clue , ' jared admitted . 
 ` she told me to be here , so i 'm here . 
 then i figured i 'd head back to santa barbara with you tomorrow . ' 
 ` that works , ' i replied . 
 jared plopped down on the other bed , crossing his feet as he leaned against the headboard . 
 ` so , how is the master plan coming along ? 
 has it blown up in your face yet ? ' ' 
 i do n't have a plan , ' i countered in annoyance . 
 ` you always have a plan , evan , ' jared insisted . 
 ` that 's what you do . 
 you think and overthink everything , strategizing and planning every step of your life . 
 the fact that you took off to santa barbara without a plan seems messed up , considering what 's at stake . ' ' 
 i ca n't plan her , ' i murmured , staring at her phone again . 
 i woke suddenly , my eyes scanning the room . 
 i was alone . 
 i do n't want to be alone . 
 please do n't leave me alone . 
 needing to get my mother 's desperate voice out of my head , i pushed the blanket off me and went out on the deck . 
 the sun was low , spreading golden-orange and red hues across the sky . 
 although i 'd slept most of the afternoon , a tiredness clung to me as i walked along the beach , passing kids running in and out of the water and people sitting along the shore . 
 i found myself at the stairs along the hill and began climbing . 
 i was n't sure what i was going to say to him . 
 i just did n't want to be alone , and i had nowhere else to go . 
 tj came around the side of the house , carrying a surfboard over his head . 
 he saw me as soon as i stepped onto the patio . 
 'em ma ! ' 
 he hollered like he was excited to see me . 
 ` what are you doing ? 
 come to visit us ? ' 
 ` uh , ' i faltered , a little thrown by his enthusiasm . 
 ` hey , tj . 
 is evan around ? ' 
 ` no , ' he replied , shaking his head like he was confused by my question . 
 ` he left . ' 
 ` he left ? ' 
 ` yeah , nate drove him to the airport hours ago . ' 
 ` he left , ' i repeated in a whisper . 
 ` okay , thanks . ' 
 numb , i turned back towards the stairs and let my legs carry me away . 
 ` you can stay , ' tj called after me . 
 i raised my hand in form of a wave without looking back , disappearing down the stairs . 
 ` he left , ' i muttered again , still in shock . 
 he 'd decided to let me go . 
 the darkness crept up and wrapped around my heart . 
 i let it seep in , crushing it until i could n't feel the thumping any more . 
 i could n't feel anything . 
 the whisper of sara 's words echoed through the emptiness . 
 you ca n't keep pushing everyone away ... because one of these days , you 'll wake up and have no one . 
 i did n't remember walking back to the house . 
 i curled up under the blanket on the couch and closed my eyes . 
 the whispering words filtered through me , feeding on the guilt and sadness that pinned me down . 
 unable to fend them off , i waited for the void to rise and swallow me into the darkness . 
 ` that was an eventful day , ' my mother declared , handing her menu to the server who 'd just taken our orders . 
 ` thank you for letting me do this , ' i said to her , appreciating that she did n't object to my decision , even though i had n't allowed her to be part of the process initially . ' 
 i understand your reluctance to include me , ' she responded , ` but i told you that i was n't going to stand in your way , and i wo n't . 
 i believe you are doing what you think is best . ' 
 before i could continue the conversation , my phone vibrated in my pocket . 
 i removed it , and my mother scowled at me . 
 she forbade cell phones at the dinner table . ' 
 i know , ' i said before she could say anything , ` but i really need to take this . 
 i 'm sorry . ' 
 i pushed my chair away from the table , answering , ` hi , ' as i sought a more secluded location down the hall leading to the restrooms . 
 ` is everything okay ? ' ' 
 i was hoping you could tell me that , ' sara said from the other end . 
 ` have you seen emma today ? ' 
 i paused , her question not making any sense . 
 ` what ? 
 are n't you with her ? ' 
 sara was silent this time . 
 ` evan . 
 where are you ? ' 
 ` san francisco . 
 where are you ? ' 
 ` at my grandfather 's funeral in new hampshire . ' 
 ` oh , wow . 
 sara , i 'm so sorry . 
 i did n't know . ' 
 ` thank you , ' sara said , dismissing my condolences quickly . ' 
 i have n't been able to get a hold of emma . 
 i was starting to worry . ' ' 
 i have her phone . 
 sorry . 
 she left it at the house , and i forgot to give it to her . 
 that 's why you ca n't reach her . 
 but she 's with cole , right ? 
 you can call him to talk to her . ' ' 
 i tried , ' she answered . 
 ` he 's not answering . ' 
 ` do you want me to have nate check on her ? 
 she could use his phone to call you , ' i suggested . 
 ` it 's fine . 
 i 'm sure she 's okay . 
 i just told her i 'd call , and i have n't spoken with her since i left yesterday . ' 
 ` i 'll be back tomorrow . 
 i 'll stop by when i arrive , ' i informed her . 
 ` i 'm sorry about your grandfather , sara . ' 
 ` thanks , evan , ' she replied . 
 ` talk to you later . ' 
 as i was about hang up i heard , ` hey , evan ? ' 
 ` yeah ? ' ' 
 i know it 's really not my place to ask you , but ... is everything okay between you and emma ? 
 i mean ... i know it 's not okay , but you 're not going to stop talking to her or anything , right ? ' 
 ` no , ' i answered , perplexed by the question . 
 ` uh ... why would you think that ? ' 
 sara released a heavy breath . 
 ` never mind . ' 
 ` wait , did she say something ? 
 does she think i 'm upset with her ? ' 
 she hesitated a moment . 
 ` not really . 
 i guess ... i just have this weird feeling . 
 i 'm sure it 's me being overly protective as usual . 
 i 'll be back on thursday . 
 i 'll see you then . ' 
 sara hung up before i could question her further . 
 i knew i 'd screwed up when i did n't get to see emma before i left , and for not saying anything after she confessed the other night . 
 sara 's worried tone ate at me . 
 something was n't right with emma , i knew it too . 
 i made a call to nate before returning to the table , asking him to stop by and check on her . 
 he did n't understand why i was asking , but he promised to do it anyway . 
 ` everything all right ? ' 
 my mother asked as i sat back down at the table , replaying everything i did , or did n't do , the night emma came over . 
 i redirected my attention to my mother , whose eyes were narrowed in concern . 
 ` i 'm sorry . 
 that was sara . 
 her grandfather passed away , so she 's with her family in new hampshire . ' 
 ` are you serious ? ' 
 jared interjected . 
 ` gus died ? 
 man , i loved that guy . ' 
 he glanced between my mother and me , then blurted , ` i 'll be right back . ' 
 i saw him pulling his phone from his pocket before he was a foot from the table . 
 ` why was she contacting you ? ' 
 my mother pursued , always observant of my subtle reactions . ' 
 i have emma 's phone , so sara has n't been able to get in touch with her , and she was wondering if i had . 
 she did n't know i was coming here . 
 no one knew but the guys , ' i explained . 
 before jared returned and before my mother could enquire further , i had to ask , ` what did the letter say ? ' 
 my mother 's blue eyes flinched ever so slightly at the question . 
 ` which letter are you referencing ? ' 
 ` the letter emma gave to you before she left . 
 i found the envelope . 
 and whatever it said convinced you to change the course of my life . 
 so what did the letter say ? ' 
 my mother paused thoughtfully . 
 ` it was given to me in confidence . 
 it 's not for me to reveal the content . 
 i 'm sorry . ' 
 my mother had always had strong principles , and as much as i admired them , at times they could be very frustrating . ' 
 i understand . ' 
 jared pulled his chair back and sat down again . 
 ` so how long do we have you ? ' 
 my mother enquired . 
 ` an hour , ' jared answered , appearing anxious . 
 ` please express my condolences to sara and her parents , ' my mother requested before taking a sip of her wine . 
 jared nodded , but refused to look at me . 
 ` well , since our time is short , let me share with you the reason we 're here , ' my mother announced . ' 
 i have decided to sell the house in weslyn . ' 
 jared did n't react . 
 he was n't expected to , since he did n't spend much time there . 
 this statement was directed towards me . 
 jared was just a buffer for when i said , ` you ca n't . ' 
 my mother remained perfectly poised . ' 
 i am buying a place in the city , and that house is simply too big now that the two of you are away , ' she explained patiently ` i 'm sorry , evan . ' 
 ` no . ' 
 i shook my head adamantly , my voice rising slightly . 
 ` it 's the only place that 's ever felt like a home to me . 
 you ca n't sell it . ' 
 ` evan - ' jared said in warning , not approving of my tone - filling his role perfectly . 
 as i paused to collect myself , my mother remained still , silently observing , as she did so well . 
 we 'd moved many times throughout my childhood . 
 i never became attached to a house , or friends , with the exception of nate and the guys . 
 my parents had offered the private boarding-school option that jared had chosen so he could continue school with the same group of friends . 
 but i liked to travel , and i did n't want to leave my mother alone . 
 everything changed when we moved to weslyn . 
 i could n't lose the memories i 'd made in that house . 
 the thought of never seeing the oak tree again , or walking in the meadow along the brook , was too difficult to fathom . 
 i knew i did n't have emma , and i was uncertain if that would ever change . 
 but i still could n't let her go , and that 's what i felt would happen if the house was sold . 
 like everything between us would be erased . 
 there had to be another way . 
 ` would you consider letting me buy the house ? ' 
 i asked . 
 ` evan , dear , you do n't have access to those funds for another fourteen years , ' my mother reminded me , her expression sympathetic . 
 ` it would n't be possible sooner without your father 's permission and a - ' ' i know , ' i interrupted . 
 i could already hear his condescending words . 
 ` but what if we set up payments , or ... ' she remained quiet . 
 i knew this was not a decision she was willing to support . 
 at least not tonight . 
 i walked into the hotel room , dropped my jacket on the chair and loosened my tie . 
 i sat down on the bed and propped my feet in front of me . 
 i was n't ready to give up the house in weslyn - or what was happening between me and emma . 
 she was just beginning to open up , and i was slowly finding a way to trust her again . 
 the threat of losing the house made it clear that i could n't be without her . 
 i could n't let her go . 
 a vibration came from her phone . 
 i walked over to shut it off , and the screen lit up to reveal a list of missed calls and texts . 
 they were mostly from sara , which was understandable . 
 but the one that kept me staring , unable to blink , was the one that just said , emma ? 
 i knew it was none of my business . 
 i did n't have any right to pry , but i pressed the message , and the previous one showed up under it . 
 it was longer . 
 there was only a phone number across the top , but i knew exactly who it was from . 
 got your messages and texts . 
 sorry - life is complicated right now . 
 unfortunately we ca n't go back and change things . 
 wish we could . 
 i do forgive you . 
 i miss you . 
 would give anything to hear your voice right now . 
 wo n't be able to contact you again after tonight . 
 phone will be disconnected soon . 
 please say you forgive me ? 
 it would help to know you do . 
 emma , you deserve to be happy . 
 you deserve to be loved . 
 hope you believe it . 
 i wanted to delete it . 
 i wanted to delete him . 
 but i could n't . 
 i held down the button to shut the phone off . 
 i did n't know what hurt worse . 
 that she 'd reached out to jonathan , asking for forgiveness . 
 or that she did n't want that from me - insisting that i hate her . 
 why would he need to be forgiven ? 
 what happened between them ? 
 now i had a choice . 
 i could let her push me away , fearing she 'd continue to hurt me . 
 or i could fight for us . 
 convince her that we were worth it . 
 any pain she could inflict would never come close to the pain of being without her . 
 i could never give up on her ... on us . 
 27 gone i stared out the window at the grey shroud lapping against the glass . 
 i did n't know what time it was or how long i 'd been on the couch . 
 i 'd been held captive by the sharpness of tongues that slit my veins with loathing and tainted my blood with hatred . 
 you 're a worthless pathetic tramp . 
 i shrank away from the disdain that haunted my soul . 
 but i could n't escape the relentless barrage of maliciousness . 
 no matter how hard i tried to shut them out , their voices were all i could hear now . 
 the scars may have healed , and the bruises faded . 
 but the claws of hate and rejection dug deep within my flesh and never let go . 
 every spiteful sentiment struck with more force than the most violent of blows . 
 each degrading remark and estimation of worthlessness broke me in half . 
 you are not important . 
 there 'd been a time when i was almost convinced that my accomplishments and determination would silence their malice . 
 but i 'd given up . 
 i could n't say the exact moment that it happened . 
 perhaps it was the second i 'd abandoned evan , leaving him beaten and barely conscious on the floor . 
 or it may have been before that . 
 but now , in my isolation , the whispers found me . 
 you do n't care about anyone other than yourself . 
 i stared out into the distance , beckoned by the roaring of the waves , the only sound loud enough to mask what were now sickening screams . 
 i walked down to the beach , through the haze of clouds that swept against my skin . 
 you took him from me . 
 i stood at the water 's edge , enraptured by the fury rushing to shore . 
 the rolling wave cresting before crashing in on itself in a maddening tumble , sweeping under my feet , pulling me into the shifting sand . 
 the rippling surface seduced with its curling fingers , tempting me . 
 you ca n't honestly think he cares about you . 
 tears filled my eyes , slipping over my lashes and down my cheeks . 
 i was so tired of fighting . 
 tired of hurting . 
 tired of the guilt that would never release me , and the regrets that could not be changed . 
 i did n't want this life . 
 there were only so many times i could hear that i should never have been , before i wished it to be true . 
 you should never have been born . 
 i took a step and began walking towards the grey horizon that seamlessly melded with the dark water . 
 my chin quivered as the tears washed over my face . 
 turbulent waves pushed me back towards shore , but i forged ahead . 
 i dived under them , letting the cold seawater soak into my trembling skin , into my bones , until i was numb . 
 do n't you realize how much you hurt me ? 
 i swam past the breaking point to where the water rocked , bobbing me along its surface . 
 i floated on my back , balanced on the hands of the rocking sea with my arms spread wide . 
 everything became still , and all i could hear was my breathing . 
 i allowed the silence to subdue me . 
 the pain dissipated through my fingertips into the water , carrying the voices with it until i was drained , and all that was left was ... me . 
 accepting the fate that had finally caught up with me , i inhaled my final breath , and then i was gone . 
 curling into a ball , i let myself sink beneath the surface . 
 i closed my eyes as the water filled my ears , magnifying the stillness . 
 all i had to do was give up . 
 give up . 
 the words echoed through my head , begging me . 
 breathe , emma . 
 just give up , and ... breathe . 
 my lungs demanded the air within reach at the surface . 
 my heart fought for each beat . 
 it refused to surrender to the calm i sought beneath the water . 
 the desperate thumps stammered against my chest . 
 within the silence , his words were as clear as if they were being whispered in my ear . 
 hold on to this life , emma . 
 you 're so much stronger than you think you are . 
 and i knew . 
 i did n't know how to give up . 
 peace awaited me with a single breath . 
 but i could n't give up . 
 it was n't who i was . 
 this may not have been the life that was meant for me . 
 perhaps i was never supposed to be . 
 but while i existed , i would fight for every breath that kept me alive . 
 i opened myself up and kicked to the top , breaking through the surface with a heart-wrenching cry . 
 the water lapped around my neck and splashed onto my face as i bellowed in pain , my chest caving with each sob . 
 i forced myself towards shore , crashing my arms through the surface , pulling the water towards me , kicking fiercely . 
 my feet eventually pushed into the sand . 
 i splashed through the shallow water , moving my legs faster beneath me until i reached the beach . 
 and then i broke into a run , letting pieces of me fall along the way . 
 shedding the young girl who feared which of her mother 's personalities would enter the house each night . 
 stripping off the belief that if i were perfect , i 'd be easier to love . 
 stomping on the doubts that made me question my worth , never feeling like i was enough . 
 and crushing the guilt that convinced me i would hurt everyone i cared about , leaving me incapable of being loved . 
 my legs carried me away from that girl , desperate to leave her behind . 
 my stride picked up , and the tears streamed with the water and sweat . 
 i cried for the little girl who lost her father but never had a mother . 
 i cried for the girl who only wanted to be accepted , but was never enough . 
 i cried for the girl who suffered unfathomable pain at the hands of hate . 
 i cried for the girl who deserved to be loved but did n't know how . 
 in time , my legs just carried me along the water 's edge , my breath evened out and the pain subsided . 
 the tightness in my chest loosened , and the fear and sadness drifted away . 
 i released a part of me with each step , not knowing who would be left when i stopped running . 
 so i kept going , afraid to find out , though my muscles screamed for rest . 
 after stretches of sand and rocks , my lungs burned and my vision wavered . 
 my tongue felt pasty in my mouth , and i could barely lift my feet . 
 i needed to stop . 
 i looked ahead to where the surfers bobbed in the water , sitting on their boards . 
 i drew a line . 
 that 's where it would end , and i could stop running - and just be . 
 i faltered the last few steps over the line and fell upon my knees . 
 my entire body trembled , and a wave of heat floated from my skin . 
 i sat back , but ended up tumbling over onto my back , staring up at the bright blue sky . 
 a face peered over me . 
 i squinted , having a hard time focusing . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 i heard the girl say . 
 i squinted harder , and blonde hair and big brown eyes came into view . 
 ` nika ? ' 
 ` what are you doing out here ? 
 where 'd you come from ? ' 
 she asked , offering me her hand to pull me up . 
 i stared up at her , unable to move . 
 ` cole 's , ' i murmured , my head hazy . 
 ` did she say cole 's ? ' 
 a voiced asked . 
 ` she must be delusional , because that 's frickin ' far . ' 
 ` drink this , ' another girl said , kneeling next to me and placing a cold bottle in my hand . 
 cool water soaked into my tongue , and i wanted to sigh in relief . 
 my hand shook as i tipped it back , unable to take more than a sip at a time . 
 ` can we drive you back to cole 's ? ' 
 nika offered . 
 i shook my head , my words failing me . 
 ` where can we drop you ? ' 
 the brunette beside me asked . 
 ` nate 's , ' i blurted , still trying to get my bearings as everything swirled around me . 
 i knocked on the door , and no one answered . 
 i did n't hesitate to see if it was locked , and when the door opened i kept going . 
 there was something off , and i knew it . 
 i had n't been able to shake the feeling since last night . 
 and the fact that nate said no one had answered when he stopped by - i wished he had just walked in . 
 i rushed from room to room , but no one was around . 
 when i entered the master bedroom , i hesitated . 
 cole 's stuff was gone . 
 only emma 's things were here . 
 he 'd left . 
 ` shit , ' i murmured , returning to the living room . 
 the glass door was open . 
 i stepped out on the deck and scanned the blankets and towels spread upon the beach . 
 i was about to walk down the steps when my phone vibrated . 
 ` evan , are you back ? ' 
 ` yeah , nate . 
 i 'm at cole 's , looking for emma . ' 
 i continued to search for her on the beach . 
 ` she 's here , with us , ' he told me . 
 ` but , umm ... she 's a bit dehydrated . ' 
 his careful choice of words made me stop moving . 
 ` what do you mean , `` a bit dehydrated '' ? 
 where are you ? 
 and why is she dehydrated ? ' 
 ` we 're at the house . 
 nika found her on some beach a ways from here and dropped her off , ' he explained . 
 ` turn up the air conditioning , and make sure she does n't lie down , ' he instructed someone in the room . 
 ` what 's wrong with her , nate ? ' 
 i demanded , anxiety building . 
 i left the house and started running towards nate 's , the phone still to my ear . 
 ` she 's not throwing up , ' he told me , which confused me more . 
 ` evan , she 's just really dehydrated and overheated . ' 
 ` you 're freaking me out here , ' i said loudly . 
 ` is she okay ? 
 does she need to go to the hospital ? ' 
 ` shit , did you see her feet ? ' 
 tj bellowed from somewhere . 
 ` what ?! ' 
 i yelled . 
 ` what the fuck , nate ?! 
 does she need to go to the hospital ?! ' 
 ` he wants to know if we should take her to the hospital ? ' 
 nate called away from the phone . 
 ` no hospital ! ' 
 i heard emma yell . 
 ` she does n't want to go to the hospital , ' nate repeated . ' 
 i heard that , ' i said with a sigh , not surprised . 
 ` i 'll be right there . ' 
 when i arrived at the house , i thrust the door open and found emma sitting on the couch . 
 her skin was shiny and red , and her hair was plastered with dried sweat . 
 she slouched against the cushions like she 'd used up every ounce of energy . 
 ` hey , ' i greeted gently , sitting next to her . 
 she squinted . 
 ` evan ? ' 
 ` yeah , i 'm here , ' i assured her . 
 ` you left . ' 
 she tilted her head back clumsily and tried to focus on me ' i did . ' 
 ` you left , ' she repeated in a pained whisper . 
 ` but i 'm back , ' i assured her , disturbed by her reaction . 
 ` and i have your phone . ' 
 ` oh . 
 you came back to give me my phone . ' 
 ` no , ' i answered quickly . 
 ` for you ... i mean ... ' i clenched my teeth with a grimace at the inadvertent honesty . 
 hoping she was too out of it to pick up on it , i continued , ' i was only gone for a couple of days , and now i 'm back . 
 okay ? ' 
 ` okay , ' she answered in an exhausted breath , and repeated with a hint of a smile , ` you did n't leave . ' 
 the side of my lip crept up at the relief on her face . 
 ` no , i did n't leave . ' 
 i ran my hand along the side of her cheek ; fine salt brushed off her skin onto my fingertips . 
 ` there 's some of that water with electrolytes in the fridge , ' nate told tj , who went to retrieve it . 
 tj offered her the bottle of water , and her trembling hands could n't open it . 
 i took it from her and twisted the cap off before handing it back . 
 she pressed her face against the leather couch and took small , slow sips . 
 i stood up to talk to nate , who was standing at the end of the couch . 
 ` do you really think she 'll be okay ? ' 
 i murmured , glancing down at her . 
 before he could answer , i exclaimed , ` what the hell ?! ' 
 the bottoms of her feet were red and raw , and there was blood splattered on the back of her leg from a cut on her heel . ' 
 i called a friend for advice , ' nate said . 
 ` one of the girls i race with , she 's in her last year of nursing school . 
 i sent ren to pick up popsicles and some more drinks with electrolytes . 
 i know you 're worried . 
 but i think she 'll be fine . 
 i mean , she 's going to be sore as f ** k tomorrow , but i 've seen worse at the marathons i 've run . ' 
 ` i 'm not sure that made me feel better , nate , ' i answered curtly . 
 emma sat on a chair , sucking on a popsicle . 
 she was showered and dressed in random guys ' clothes - nate 's t-shirt , my shorts and tj 's zip-up hoodie . 
 the glazed look was gone from her eyes , and she was more alert . 
 ` let me see your feet , ' i requested , with the towel on my lap and the medical supplies on the table next to me . 
 emma eased her feet out of the bucket of water they 'd been soaking in and gingerly placed them on my lap . 
 ` what flavour is that ? ' 
 tj asked emma from across the table , sucking on a yellow popsicle . 
 ` berry , ' she told him . 
 ` what do you have ? ' 
 ` pineapple . 
 want a lick ? ' 
 ` tj , ' i scolded . 
 ` hey , i was just offering to share , ' he defended , making emma laugh . 
 the perfect sound . 
 one that i wished i heard more often . 
 before i could begin cleaning and bandaging the cuts on her feet , my phone vibrated . 
 i grimaced as soon as i saw sara 's name , feeling bad for not calling her sooner . 
 ` hey , sara , ' i answered hesitantly . 
 ` guilty much , evan ? 
 thanks for calling , ' she snipped , making me feel worse . 
 ` did you see emma ? ' 
 ` yeah , ' i responded . 
 ` she 's here . 
 you can talk to her . ' 
 i handed emma my phone and doused the gauze in alcohol . 
 ` hi , ' i answered , ` shit ! 
 evan , that frickin ' hurts ! ' 
 i yanked my foot out of his hand . 
 'em ma ? 
 what the hell is he doing ? ' 
 sara demanded on the other end of the phone . ' 
 i have to clean it , emma , ' evan shot back , grabbing my ankle . 
 ` i 'll be gentle . ' 
 he started dabbing the open cuts , and i hollered in pain , tugging my foot from his hand . 
 ` it feels like you 're using battery acid and sandpaper . ' 
 'em ma ! ' 
 sara yelled , fighting for my attention . 
 ` what do you expect if you 're going to run a marathon in bare feet , ' evan shot back . 
 ` give me your foot . ' 
 ` at least wait until i 'm off the phone , ' i begged , setting it back on the towel on his lap . 
 ` fine , ' he said , setting his torture device on the table . 
 ` sorry . 
 i 'm here , ' i said into the phone . 
 ` are you going to tell me what 's going on ? ' 
 sara demanded , beyond frustrated . 
 i looked down at my lap and twisted my hand in the cuff of the sweatshirt . 
 ` you left . 
 evan left . 
 cole left . 
 so ... i went for a run . 
 a very long run , and now i 'm paying for it , ' i explained simply . 
 out of the corner of my eye i saw evan 's head turn in my direction . 
 ` cole left ? ' 
 sara repeated . 
 ` oh , wow . 
 and you did n't know that evan went to san francisco for a couple of days ? ' 
 ` no , ' i murmured , unable to raise my eyes from my lap as evan sat across from me , patiently waiting to resume torturing me . 
 ` i 'm so sorry , emma . 
 i should have brought you with me . 
 i know you wanted to come , but i thought the last place that you should be was another funeral . 
 they suck . 
 but i really do wish you were here . 
 my family 's seriously unbalanced , ' sara groaned , making me laugh . 
 ` are you okay , really ? 
 because from the sounds of it , it was an insane run . ' 
 ` life-altering . ' 
 ` umm ... okay , ' sara replied , sounding confused . 
 ` so we need to find another place to stay for the next month , huh ? ' 
 ` that would be best , ' i agreed . 
 ` nate knows this real-estate agent , so we 're meeting her in the morning to check out a couple of places . ' 
 ` great . 
 tell me what you find . 
 evan 's going with you , right ? ' 
 ` that 's the plan , ' i said . 
 ` would it be okay if he stayed in the house with you until i get back ? 
 it would make me feel better if you were n't by yourself . ' 
 i smiled affectionately at her protectiveness . 
 ` i 'm okay with that , but you 'll have to ask him if he is . ' 
 evan 's eyes moved from the conversation he was participating in with the guys to me . 
 i knew he was listening . 
 ` let me talk to him . 
 i 'll see you on thursday . 
 and charge your stupid phone ! ' 
 ` okay . ' 
 i laughed lightly , handing the phone back to evan . 
 emma continued to watch me when i put the phone up to my ear . 
 ` yeah ? ' 
 ` could you make sure she 's not alone again until i get back ? ' 
 sara requested . 
 i raised my eyes to meet emma 's . ' 
 i can do that , ' i responded , noting the slight colour change on her sunburnt face . 
 ` evan , i have no idea what happened , but i do n't think it was good , ' sara continued . ' 
 i agree , ' i replied , still holding emma 's gaze . 
 ` do n't worry though . 
 we 'll find a good place tomorrow , and i wo n't go anywhere until you kick me out . ' 
 ` separate bedrooms ! ' 
 sara warned , making me laugh . 
 ` see you thursday , sara , ' i said before hanging up . 
 i tucked the phone back in my pocket . 
 emma was still watching me . 
 ` ready ? ' 
 her expression changed to that of dread . 
 ` here , emma , you can squeeze my hand , ' brent volunteered , holding out his hand for her to take . 
 she wrapped her thin hand around his large rough one , and he grinned . 
 ` or you could just punch him if it hurts too bad , ' i grumbled , making brent shoot me a scowling glance . 
 emma released a small laugh . 
 i proceeded to remove the coarse sand embedded in her feet . 
 ` aahh , ' brent complained , when emma clenched her teeth and squeezed his hand . 
 i chuckled . 
 'em ma , you 're staying here tonight , right ? ' 
 tj asked , chomping on the ice chips that were supposed to be for her . 
 emma looked to me , ` if that 's okay ... ' before i could answer , brent blurted , ` yeah it is . ' 
 ` let 's sleep on the beach , ' ren chimed in . 
 ` we 'll build a fire , and i 'll get my guitar . ' 
 before i could open my mouth to object , concerned about how she would get down there safely and then keep her feet clean , emma replied with a glowing smile , ` i 've never slept on the beach before . ' 
 i stopped . 
 i was n't about to wipe that smile from her face . 
 and besides ... i could n't give up the opportunity to be a part of a new emma experience . 
 28 finding a reason ` if you drop her , i 'll kill you , ' evan threatened as brent carried me down the steps on his back . 
 i laughed at his warning . 
 the way the two interacted when it came to me was pretty entertaining . 
 brent was harmless , and evan knew it . 
 but he continued to be annoyed by brent 's playful flirting - i found it funny . 
 my feet were wrapped in a mile of gauze and protected by a pair of brent 's knee-high tube socks . 
 i looked ridiculous , but i did n't care . 
 this had been the most emotionally exhausting and physically demanding day of my life . 
 my stomach hollowed at the thought of how close i 'd come to not existing . 
 i 'd confronted my demons , and i walked - well , ran - away from a life that i preferred to never look back upon . 
 i feared they 'd eventually catch up with me . 
 but right now , i was still here . 
 'em ma , you okay ? ' 
 evan asked , snapping my attention back . 
 his stormy blue eyes searched mine briefly as he walked alongside us on the sand . 
 ` uh , yeah , ' i said , trying to keep my voice even . 
 ` just tired . ' 
 brent kept his hands secured under my knees as he carried me down the beach to where the guys had selected a spot along the hillside that blocked the wind . 
 evan dropped the bundle of logs and two sleeping bags on the sand . 
 nate set the cooler down to help ren and tj unroll sleeping bags , and place them around the fire pit that evan began digging . 
 brent knelt down and gently dumped me off on the black sleeping bag . 
 i scooted my legs inside , my body chilled easily from the sunburn i 'd earned during my tour of the california coastline that afternoon . 
 ren tuned his guitar while evan lit the fire . 
 tj handed out beers , offering me a bottle of lemonade , which i happily accepted . 
 i 'd had enough water for one day . 
 tj waved a flask at me across the fire . ' 
 i could spike that lemonade for you , emma , if you want . ' 
 i laughed at the offer . 
 ` thanks , tj - i 'm all set though . 
 i swore off vodka . ' ' 
 i did that with beam , ' tj said with a shiver . 
 ` wow , that was a bad night . ' 
 brent laughed in remembrance , settling on his sleeping bag at my feet . 
 ` you woke up face down on the beach , nak * d. ' ` yeah , ' tj recalled , ' i have no idea how that happened . ' ' 
 i do , ' ren interceded . 
 ` we were talking about that guy who liked to surf nak * d , and you decided that you were going to do it . 
 but that did n't work out so well for you . ' 
 ` did i crash and burn ? ' 
 tj enquired , oddly ignorant of his own story . 
 ` you did n't even make it into the water ! ' 
 ren guffawed . 
 ` you fell on your face taking off your shorts and passed out right there . ' 
 tj burst out into cackling laughter , and i could n't help but laugh along with him . ' 
 i ca n't believe i did that . 
 that 's awesome ! ' 
 i looked over towards evan , who was smiling and shaking his head . 
 he noticed i was watching him and did n't move his eyes away . 
 the smile held upon his face . 
 the one that made the blood rush through my body at a whirlwind pace . 
 i averted my eyes , focusing back on the fire . 
 i brushed at my cheeks with the back of my hand , feeling as if the embers had ignited them . 
 ` that nak * d surfer dude was weird , ' ren reflected . 
 ` that he was , ' nate agreed . 
 'em ma , do you surf ? ' 
 tj asked . 
 i was about to say that we needed to teach her , when she answered , ` yeah . 
 i know i 'm not nearly as good as you guys , but i do . 
 i still need my own board , though . ' 
 i stared at her in shock . 
 ` you surf ? ' 
 she smiled bashfully and shrugged . ' 
 i think you just made evan the happiest guy on the planet , ' ren said , making her smile grow brighter . 
 ` we 've never had one of our girls surf before , ' brent explained . 
 his choice of words drew my attention . 
 he noticed and floundered , ` hey , you know what i mean . ' 
 ` that 's because the girls you 're always interested in are too top-heavy and head-empty , ' nate shot at him . 
 i laughed . 
 ` when was the last time you even went on a date ? 
 rubbing suntan lotion on someone does n't count . ' ' 
 i ... date , ' brent defended weakly . 
 ` dude , no you do n't . ' 
 tj laughed . 
 ` you think you 're all slick , but you never close the deal . 
 let 's put it this way , who did you hook up with after the pool party last weekend ? ' 
 i glanced at emma , who was observing the exchange with an adorable smile , her eyes dancing between whoever was speaking . 
 she seemed much better than she was earlier today , and i would give anything to keep that smile on her face . 
 i lay down on the pillow and pulled the sleeping bag under my chin , continuing to listen to the stories shared among the guys . 
 they usually ended with someone defending his actions . 
 i could see why evan kept them in his life . 
 it reminded me of the girls . 
 the talking tapered off , and ren played the guitar and sang a relaxing reggae-style song . 
 it was the perfect choice with the sound of the surf in the background . 
 ` evan , you should 've brought your camera , ' tj noted . 
 ` dude , i have n't seen you with it since you went off to the ivy league . 
 you used to never be without it . ' 
 ` i , uh ... ' evan faltered . 
 i turned my head on my pillow to look up at him . 
 ` i 'm not sure where it is . 
 i have n't really had a reason to take pictures lately . ' 
 i felt my heart twinge . 
 ` maybe you should find a reason again , ' i murmured , staring at the fire . 
 i knew no one else heard her except for me , and i was pretty sure she had n't meant for me to overhear . 
 a small smile crept onto my face as she snuggled into the sleeping bag , staring at the fire , making me recall the first picture i 'd ever taken of her . 
 perhaps i had found a reason . 
 i watched her fall asleep as ren sang and tj joined in . 
 across the fire , nate raised his brows , appearing to have read my thoughts . 
 ` be careful , ' he said quietly . 
 ` okay ? ' 
 nate was looking out for me . 
 i knew that . 
 he was the only one who truly knew how bad it got after emma left . 
 i believed him when he said he 'd risk our friendship to make sure it never happened again . 
 but i was hoping it would n't come to that . 
 the fire died down , the embers glowing in the sand . 
 everyone started drifting off . 
 i angled my bag so i could watch emma sleep until i succumbed to it myself . 
 i shot up in a panic , then stopped and looked around in confusion , not remembering where i was . 
 the guys slept soundly , or in ren 's case not so soundly - dispersed across the sand in their sleeping bags , tucked in deep to hide from the chilled air . 
 it took a moment , but i shook off the panic of the dream that awakened me most mornings . 
 then i noticed emma was gone . 
 the panic took hold again , and i jumped out of my bag to scan the beach . 
 my shoulders eased up when i spotted her seated closer to the water , wrapped in a sleeping bag . ' 
 i have to stop freaking out , ' i mumbled . 
 i walked towards her , wading through the low-lying clouds until i stood beside her , looking out at the same view of the morning sea . 
 ` i 'm still not convinced you do n't like mornings , ' i said , making her jump . 
 ` sorry . ' 
 i smiled at the familiarity of her response . 
 i always seemed to catch her unaware , lost in her thoughts . 
 ` you love sneaking up on me , ' she accused , ` as is evident by that stupid grin on your face . ' 
 i grinned wider , sat down on the sand next to her and crossed my forearms over my knees . 
 the cool air whipped around me , and i shivered . 
 she noticed and held out an arm , offering a portion of the sleeping bag . 
 ` thanks , ' i said , wrapping the edge around my shoulder , trying not to think about the heat emanating from her body . 
 we sat and watched the ocean for a moment , but i could n't keep myself from asking one of the million unanswered questions that i had when it came to her . 
 ` what happened yesterday ? ' 
 i could sense him thinking while he was sitting next to me . 
 i was prepared for some sort of question to come out of his mouth , but was hoping that would n't be the first one . ' 
 i needed to clear my head , ' i explained evasively . 
 ` what were you running away from , emma ? ' 
 he asked , seeing right through my answer . 
 ` me , ' i answered honestly , avoiding his gaze . 
 he waited for me to continue . 
 i took a deep breath and said , ' i do n't want the past to define me any more . 
 i do n't want what happened to me , or all the wrong decisions i 've made , to keep me from becoming someone better . 
 i want to be better . ' 
 evan did n't say a word , but my heart thrust against my chest when i felt the warmth of his hand slide over mine in the cool sand . 
 the simple gesture made my eyes glisten with tears , and i leaned my head against his arm . 
 ` and did you leave it behind you , emma ? 
 did you run fast enough ? ' 
 he asked quietly . ' 
 i do n't know . ' 
 i paused a moment . 
 ` but i do n't want to look back to find out . 
 i 'd rather keep moving into the future , and be grateful that i have one . ' 
 his hand squeezed mine . 
 ` dude ! ' 
 i heard nate yell , spinning both our heads around . ' 
 i can see you ! 
 if you 're going to take a piss , do it far enough away so i do n't have to see your ass . ' 
 my mouth opened in amused disbelief . 
 i whipped my head around before i accidentally saw whoever was offending nate . 
 ` sorry about that , ' evan offered with a shake of his head . 
 ` it 's fine , ' i assured him , laughing lightly . 
 ` it 's actually kinda funny . ' 
 ` evan ! ' 
 brent hollered from behind us , ` i 'm starving . ' 
 i rose gingerly onto my raw feet , my muscles stiff and sore . 
 evan took the sleeping bag from me and haphazardly folded it in his arms . 
 ` of course you are ! ' 
 he yelled back . 
 he looked down at me and asked , ` hungry ? ' 
 i nodded . 
 ` do you need help walking ? ' 
 i shook my head as i took deliberate steps towards the makeshift camp . 
 i eyed the stairs as we got closer , uncertain how i was going to manage . 
 evan caught me sizing up the climb and was about to say something when brent said , ` wow , emma , you look amazing in the morning . ' 
 ` really , brent ? ' 
 evan challenged . 
 brent laughed , knowing exactly what he was doing . 
 evan pulled brent 's sleeping bag out from under him , dumping him on the sand . 
 nate chuckled in his broken morning voice while brent jumped up quickly , his legs in a charging stance with his arms spread . 
 i was prepared for him to tackle evan to the ground . 
 evan raised his eyebrows in warning . 
 ` you sure about that ? 
 you do it , and you do n't get to eat anything i cook . ' 
 brent lingered in his crouched position for a moment of contemplation , before he finally relented and stood up . 
 ` fine , but i can still do this , ' he responded with a devilish gleam and rushed up behind me , sweeping my feet out from under me . 
 i yelled out in surprise when i fell back in his arms . 
 brent practically ran to the stairs , looking over his shoulder in expectation of evan 's retaliation . 
 evan rolled his eyes and continued to calmly gather the sleeping bags . 
 as we started up the stairs , brent looked down at me with a sparkling smile , ` good morning , emma . ' 
 i laughed and responded , ` good morning , brent . 
 are you really going to carry me all the way to the house ? ' 
 ` as long as i know it 's going to piss evan off , then yes , ' he replied with a devious smirk . 
 ` besides , this is the most i 'll ever get to touch you again . ' 
 ` he 's just trying to piss you off , ' nate said , rolling up a sleeping bag . ' 
 i know , ' i said gruffly , looking after brent cradling emma in his arms . 
 ren groaned in his sleep and rolled over , completely unaffected by the commotion . 
 tj grabbed the cooler and trudged up the stairs , still looking half asleep . 
 ` will you make waffles , evan ? ' 
 he grumbled as i followed behind him . 
 i smiled at his request . 
 ` yes , tj , i 'll make waffles . ' 
 i watched emma laugh at something brent said , which could have been just about anything that came out of his mouth . 
 i reflected upon her brief moment of honesty while we were alone on the beach . 
 although she 'd shared more than she would have if i 'd asked the same question two years ago , her cryptic answer was still disconcerting . 
 but she was trying , and everything about that felt right . 
 ` do you have any houses on the beach , with at least three bedrooms ? ' 
 emma asked after viewing the second small house on the realtor 's list . 
 emma continued to scowl at the tiny cottage set on a side street , about a mile from the water . 
 i saw judgement pass across the agent 's face as she eyed the thick white socks and sandals on emma 's feet . 
 but emma did n't seem to care what she looked like as she awaited the answer . 
 ` well , i do - ' the realtor smoothed the crisp linen of her sleeveless blue dress and answered slowly - ` but i 'm afraid it may be well above your price point . ' 
 ` really ? ' 
 emma responded in amusement . 
 ` i 'd like to see it . ' 
 i was surprised by her tenacity . 
 ` all right , then . ' 
 the realtor sighed , flipped her folder shut and led the way out of the house . 
 ` what was that about ? ' 
 i asked when we got into nate 's pick-up truck . 
 ` what do you mean ? ' 
 emma asked , although she knew exactly what i was talking about . ' 
 i want to be on the water . ' 
 i let out a short laugh as we followed the gold mercedes down the street . 
 we pulled into the driveway of a large white house . 
 my eyes widened at the size of it . 
 i turned towards emma , and she smirked . 
 i knew this lady wanted to put me in my place by taking us to this house . 
 but in truth , i did n't care how big it was . 
 she strutted in front of us in her tight-fitting dress , clicking her heels along the stone driveway . 
 she practically snickered when she unlocked the door and stepped aside to let us in . 
 the wall of glass facing the ocean was the first thing i saw , and that was all i needed . 
 ` we 'll take it . ' 
 ` but you have n't even stepped into the house , ' she stuttered . 
 ` how many bedrooms ? ' 
 i enquired . 
 ` three , ' she answered , looking at me oddly . 
 ` perfect , ' i responded , walking further into the space without taking my eyes off the view . 
 ` we 'll need it for a month . 
 i 'll give you a card for a deposit so we can move in today and arrange for the rest of the money to be wired to you by tomorrow . 
 you 'll be hearing from a gentleman by the name of charles stanley . 
 he 'll make certain it 's all handled . ' 
 i finally pulled my eyes away from the ocean and turned to find evan and the agent staring at me like i 'd just recited a poem in gaelic . 
 ` what ? ' 
 i questioned , my eyes flipping from one stunned face to the other . 
 ` that 's fine , ' she snapped , taking the card i held out for her . 
 ` i 'll have the paperwork ready for you to sign this afternoon after i speak with this ... charles stanley . 
 i 'll be in touch . ' 
 ` thanks , ' i smiled and limped past her to the truck . 
 ` charles stanley ? ' 
 evan asked , still appearing dazed by the entire exchange . 
 ` and you do n't even know what it costs or what the place looks like . 
 emma , what just happened ? ' ' 
 i like the view , ' i answered simply , clicking my seatbelt into place . 
 'em ma , ' i said sternly , causing the grin on her face to falter . 
 reluctantly , she faced me . 
 ` what are n't you telling me ? ' 
 emma played with her fingers nervously before swallowing and admitting , ' i have a trust . ' 
 i blinked in surprise . ' 
 a big trust , ' she continued , her voice quiet . 
 ` my father set it up when i was young , and charles came to see me before i turned eighteen to let me know it existed . 
 he helps with whatever financial needs i have , whether it 's school , or a car , or whatever . ' 
 she kept her eyes cast down until she was done . 
 then she cautiously peered up at me , awaiting my reaction . 
 ` o-kay , ' i said , still trying to take it all in . ' 
 i guess we have a house . ' 
 i was n't sure what else to say . 
 perhaps because i was still in shock from this revelation , or maybe because it really did n't matter . 
 the money obviously had n't affected emma , or i would have picked up on it before now . 
 granted , emma was pissed off at the real-estate agent for her arrogant assumptions , but then she kind of had it coming . 
 and the size of the house did n't matter to emma . 
 that was evident as well . 
 the only thing that she 'd seen was the view of the ocean before she made her decision . 
 ` let 's get our stuff . ' 
 i started the truck , and we drove the five minutes back to nate 's house . 
 i waited for him to be upset with me for not telling him about the trust and the visit from charles stanley . 
 but he barely reacted . 
 he was more upset that i 'd made such a hasty decision without knowing anything about the place . 
 evan never reacted the way i expected , but that was something that had always drawn me to him . 
 and that had n't changed . 
 29 not knowing i ran my hand along the smooth surface of the marble and tilted my head up at the sun beaming in through the small window set above the jacuzzi tub . 
 ` nice place , ' evan said from the door , spinning me around . 
 ` can you believe the size of this bathroom ? ' 
 i replied , my voice echoing . 
 it seemed more like an elite spa . 
 it even had a television built into the long mirror over the double sinks . 
 ` you 're stuck on the bathroom ? 
 have you seen this bedroom ? 
 i mean , it has a fireplace and its own private patio . ' 
 ` it does ? ' 
 i followed evan through the master bedroom , past the king bed adorned with a mountain of pillows , and out a glass door covered with a gathered sheer curtain . 
 ` no way . ' 
 i gawked at the enclosed space , with brilliant pink flowers draping over the fence surrounding it . 
 two teak chairs and a table sat next to a small fire pit , along with , of all things , an outdoor shower . 
 ` why would anyone need a shower on their patio ? ' 
 ` to rinse off the sand from the beach , ' evan explained , unlatching a section of the tall fence to reveal the main deck and a set of stairs leading to the beach . 
 ` this is insane , ' i said , shaking my head . 
 ` you picked it . ' 
 evan grinned . ' 
 i liked the view . ' 
 ` and you got so much more . ' 
 evan laughed , walking back into the house . 
 i followed him into the expansive living room with the cathedral ceiling . ' 
 i think i 'm going to go to the grocery store , if that 's okay . 
 you should sit outside and let some fresh air get to your feet . 
 i think i saw a hammock out there . ' 
 ` that sounds perfect . ' 
 ` do you want anything in particular ? ' 
 evan asked , grabbing the keys to nate 's truck from the table behind the overstuffed dark blue couch . 
 ` ice cream ? ' ' 
 i can do that . ' 
 he smiled . 
 i watched him leave . 
 i was trying not to think about the fact that he and i were going to be alone in this house together for the next twenty-four hours until sara returned . 
 thinking of it made my entire body rush with panic , despite the rebellious flutter i felt in my chest . 
 i shook away the invasive thought , and decided to distract myself with a book . 
 i inspected the tall built-in bookcase , jammed with paperbacks and hardcovers of every genre . 
 then i remembered the book i had in my tote bag , which i had n't touched since before i left for weslyn . 
 it was ridiculous to have thought i would be able to read on the plane en route to weslyn . 
 i removed the tote from the cavernous walk-in closet in the master suite and sifted through its eclectic contents . 
 i pulled out the book , and a few envelopes dropped to the floor . 
 i scooped them up . 
 one was a magazine offer . 
 i tossed that on the bed to be thrown away . 
 the other made my insides twist in on themselves . 
 my formal name was scrolled stiffly across the white paper . 
 the return address read , ` boca raton , florida ' . 
 i dropped the envelope on the bed as if it were on fire . 
 the script was n't george 's . 
 i inhaled deeply to keep the nausea at bay . 
 it had to be from my grandmother . 
 i did n't want to hear her brutal accusations of how i 'd ruined the lives of her sons and grandchildren . 
 i refused to let one more person blame me for what was n't my fault . 
 i grabbed my book and left the room , retreating to the large deck , where a blue canvas hammock awaited me . 
 i carefully unwrapped the gauze protecting my feet and eased back on the swaying surface . 
 it took some time for my heart to calm as i watched the seagulls gliding above the water 's surface . 
 i concentrated on the serenity of the quiet beach and rhythmic waves , attempting to silence the letter that screamed at me from inside the house . 
 eventually , i opened the book . 
 when i lifted the splayed pages , something fell out and fluttered to the boards of the deck . 
 i leaned over carefully , fearing i might tip , and reached for it . 
 rolling back onto the hammock , i twirled the green oak leaf between my fingers and laughed out loud at the flashing image of grabbing it while swinging in evan 's back yard - the night i was forced to stay there . 
 i had n't realized i 'd kept it . 
 the sun shone through as i held it up to admire it . 
 i felt the same warmth capture my heart as i had the day evan had revealed the swing . 
 he 'd wanted to help me remember my father ... and to hold on to him at the same time . 
 tears washed over my eyes . 
 i had n't held on . 
 ` what did you do ? ' 
 i whispered , forcing back the emotion . 
 tucking the leaf into the back of the book , i turned to the first page . 
 'em ma , i bought - ' i stopped on the deck when i realized she was asleep on the hammock , a book resting on her stomach . 
 i could n't look away as the wind gently blew her hair - strands dancing around her face . 
 the sun lit up her face as deep breaths passed through her slightly parted lips . 
 ` where do you want everything ? ' 
 nate asked from behind me . 
 i turned towards him and he hesitated , taking us both in . 
 ` i 'll be right there , ' i told him . 
 nate knew what was happening . 
 i 'd heard enough about it in the truck when i picked him up after grocery shopping . 
 he 'd made it clear he thought moving in with her for the month was a bad idea . 
 he did n't seem to care that sara would be here with us ... starting tomorrow . 
 and sara was ten times more protective of emma than nate was of me . 
 when i gently lifted the book to set it on the table next to the hammock , something slipped out of it . 
 i bent over to pick up the pressed oak leaf and smiled as i looked from the leaf to emma . 
 we seemed to keep circling back to that tree ... and the swing . 
 i tucked the leaf into the pages as a bookmark and set it on the table . 
 as i walked back into the house , i pulled out my phone and sent a text to my mother . 
 you can deplete all of my savings , and i 'll sign my trust over to you . 
 please sell the house to me . 
 nate was putting groceries away in random cabinets . 
 i let him continue , knowing i 'd end up moving them where i wanted later . 
 ` do you want to stay for dinner ? ' 
 ` no thanks , but i 'll take a beer , ' he responded . 
 ` sure . ' 
 i pulled a beer from the fridge , trying to conceal the pleased look on my face . 
 ` you really did n't want me here , ' nate grumbled , reading me way too easily . 
 ` but , evan , do you know what you 're doing ? 
 i mean , she 's obviously going through a lot this summer . 
 maybe you 're going to push her to do something you 'll both regret . ' 
 ` we 'll figure it out , ' i assured him . 
 ` i 'm not going make things worse . 
 trust me , they ca n't get worse . ' 
 nate nodded thoughtfully . 
 ` but i need to let whatever 's happening between us , happen . 
 maybe we can get past everything that we 've been through . 
 i have to find out . 
 she 's finally starting to talk to me . 
 and she 's never really been able to do that before . 
 not like this . ' 
 nate shrugged in resignation , taking a large swig of beer . 
 ` my mother and her sister are taking my cousins to disney for the weekend , and they 're stopping by here tomorrow on their way . 
 my mother wants you to come over for dinner . 
 you can bring emma if you want . ' 
 ` i 'll ask her . ' ' 
 i have to warn you , my cousins are satan 's spawn . ' 
 his lip curled in disgust . 
 ` but you 're not getting out of this dinner , no matter what . 
 there 's no way you 're leaving me alone with these kids . ' 
 ` the guys will be there . ' 
 i laughed . 
 ` they 're useless , ' nate said emphatically . 
 ` i 'm telling you , you 'd better come armed , especially if you bring emma . ' 
 i laughed again . 
 ` sara will be back tomorrow , so emma may want to stay here and catch up . ' 
 ` is n't jared coming back with her ? ' 
 ` why is jared coming back with sara ? ' 
 emma asked from within the living room . 
 i poked my head through the square cut-out between the two rooms . 
 ` hi , ' i said with smile . 
 ` how 'd you sleep ? ' 
 i eyed her bare feet . 
 ` should n't you have your feet protected ? ' 
 ` i 'll wrap them in a minute , but they 're not that bad . 
 and you did n't answer my question . ' 
 i glanced at nate , who raised his brows quickly with a silent ` good luck ' as he finished his beer in a long chug . 
 ` well , i guess i 'll see you tomorrow , ' he declared , patting me on the shoulder as he walked past . 
 i followed him into the living room . 
 'em ma , this is quite the house , ' he admired casually . 
 ` the guy a few houses down is mick slater . 
 he 's a big real-estate agent in the area and usually puts on a crazy fireworks display for the fourth . 
 you should throw a party . 
 the guys and i will help you out if you want . ' 
 emma nodded in stunned silence . 
 i laughed at the thought of her throwing a party . 
 ` we can talk about it , em . ' 
 ` okay , ' she said uneasily . 
 ` bye , emma , ' nate said on his way out . 
 ` bye , nate , ' i replied before he shut the door . 
 i 'd noticed he 'd been a little more withdrawn around me the last few days , unable to truly look me in the eye . 
 i wondered if i 'd done something to upset him . 
 ` we do n't have to have a party here , ' evan assured me , misreading the concerned look on my face . 
 ` but the guys are experts at throwing them without any damages . 
 i think i 've seen the fireworks he 's talking about , and this guy goes all out . 
 i do n't know where he shoots them off from , but they feel like they 're going to rain down on the beach . 
 and if you 're this close to him ... ' ` evan , ' i stopped him with a stern look . 
 ` my question . 
 why is jared coming back with sara ? ' 
 evan rubbed his forehead , keeping his eyes on the floor . 
 ` he went to the funeral , ' he mumbled . 
 ` he what ?! ' 
 i demanded . 
 ` why the hell would he do that ? 
 that 's so - ' i locked eyes with him - ` like a mathews . 
 wow , you guys do n't care where you 're not wanted , do you ? ' 
 ` ouch , ' evan said , shocked . 
 ` sorry , sorry , ' i faltered . 
 ` i 'm so sorry . 
 i should n't have said that . ' 
 ` well , i guess it 's true , ' evan said , recovering . 
 ` you really did n't want me at your mother 's funeral . 
 and i 'm certain sara did n't want jared at her grandfather 's . ' 
 i sat on the couch , my feet throbbing and my muscles aching from standing . 
 i propped my feet up and leaned against the throw pillow to face evan . 
 ` why would he want to go , evan ? ' 
 the image of him and that girl in the paper flashed through my head . 
 ` is n't he engaged ? 
 he needs to leave sara alone . ' 
 ` engaged ? ' 
 evan seemed to have no idea what i was talking about . 
 then his mouth rounded . 
 ` oh ! 
 shit . 
 you saw that ? ' 
 ` uh , yeah . 
 you have no idea what that picture did to us ... her . 
 what it did to sara . 
 she was beyond pissed off . ' 
 i clamped my teeth at my slipup , hoping he had n't caught it . 
 ` i 'm sure she was , ' evan noted , sitting on the love seat , facing me . 
 ` wow . 
 i ca n't believe you saw that . ' 
 evan ran his fingers through his hair . 
 ` jared tried to tell her , but she never let him . ' 
 ` tell her what ?! 
 that he was planning to spend the rest of his life with someone else ? 
 he should have told her that he was dating , forget about getting married . ' 
 ` hey ! ' 
 evan scowled at me . 
 ` sara 's the one who ended it with him before she took off to france . 
 she keeps telling him she wants to be with him , but then breaks it off every time they 're more than a hundred miles apart . 
 he had every right to move on . ' 
 ` but he 's engaged ! ' 
 i stressed in frustration . 
 ` that 's a big difference . ' 
 ` he 's not ! ' 
 i sat still , staring at him . 
 ` what ? ' 
 the confusion settled in . 
 my heart was thumping wildly . 
 all i could see was the image of evan ... with catherine . 
 ` jared 's not engaged , emma . 
 he never was . 
 there was never anyone for him other than sara . 
 believe me ... he tried . 
 it did n't take . ' 
 ` but the pic - ' ` was my father , ' evan explained with a disgruntled sigh . 
 ` trina macalroy was the daughter of a potential client . 
 my father set her up with jared . 
 they dated for a while , but it was never that serious . 
 she would have loved to be engaged to him , and my father 's ploy almost pushed jared into doing it . 
 my brother was never very good at standing up to my father . 
 but my mother intervened , and , well ... the engagement never happened . 
 and my parents are in the middle of a divorce because of it . ' 
 ` are you serious ? ' 
 i asked , my head spinning . 
 ` yeah , it was the last straw , ' i answered , resting my elbows on my thighs . 
 ` it 's pretty much sucked for my mother since . 
 he 's not going easily . ' 
 ` i 'm sorry . ' 
 i met her sympathetic eyes . 
 ` it 'll be fine , ' i said without conviction , thinking about the house and how owning two properties would n't have been an issue if it were n't for the divorce . 
 i knew what my mother was n't telling me . 
 my father was forcing her to sell it . 
 emma sank back against the couch , deep in thought . 
 ` are you hungry ? ' 
 i asked , standing up and walking towards the kitchen , trying to change the subject . ' 
 i bought steaks for that insane grill out there . ' 
 ` sure , ' she answered blankly , still lost in her head . 
 i stopped at the sound of her fading tone . 
 ` what are you thinking , emma ? ' 
 i was n't sure she 'd answer me , but it was worth a try . 
 ` why did n't he like me ? 
 your father . 
 why did n't he approve of me ? 
 he did n't even know me . ' 
 i ground my teeth at the sound of the hurt in her voice , anger flooding through me for every selfish thing that man did . 
 how was i going to explain the inner workings of stuart mathews to a girl who thought she was n't good enough and that everything she did was wrong ? 
 he 'd played on her weaknesses , and he 'd gotten to her , despite my efforts to keep them apart . 
 i walked to the couch , and she pulled her feet back so i could sit at the end . 
 i turned to face her . 
 ` you 're right . 
 he did n't know you . 
 and you did n't deserve the way he treated you . 
 i never forgave him for that . ' 
 she lifted her eyes in surprise . 
 ` image and reputation were more important to him than people , than his own family . 
 he did n't come from money - my mother did . 
 he always felt he had to prove something to her family , to be worthy of my mother . 
 but no matter how many times she assured him that they loved him because she did , he could n't accept that . 
 once he got the taste of success , he hungered for more , stepping on anyone who got in his way . 
 ` you never did anything . 
 unfortunately , you did n't fit the image of the girl he wanted for me . ' 
 ` but catherine did ? ' 
 she mumbled under her breath . 
 my back tensed at the mention of her name . 
 i pressed my lips together , remembering again that emma had seen the photo in the paper . 
 i connected with her troubled brown eyes and answered calmly . 
 ` yes . ' 
 she flinched . 
 ` it 's not - ' ' i do n't want to know , ' she blurted . ' 
 i ca n't ... ' emma pulled her legs in to her , moving as far away from me as she could . 
 she knew there was more to that picture than just me obliging my father . 
 i bowed my head and said , ' i never dated her . ' ' 
 i really do n't want to know , evan , ' she begged , her voice a whisper . 
 i did n't want to talk about her . 
 not now . 
 not ever . 
 i wanted to forget about everything that had happened after i left . 
 i wished we could just start over again , and let it all go . 
 but i knew that was impossible . 
 i knew i 'd have to confront my demons eventually - i could n't keep running forever . 
 30 choices i lay across the love seat with my feet propped on the arm , not really watching the movie that played on the giant flat-screen suspended above the fireplace . 
 i looked over my shoulder at evan , asleep on the couch . 
 i was trying so hard to be okay . 
 i did n't want to be that girl , drifting in the water , lost and alone , wishing the tide would pull her out to sea . 
 i was fighting to move forward , struggling to be better . 
 but i did n't know how . 
 evan stirred , and i looked away from him , pretending to watch the movie . 
 ` hey , ' he rasped , sleep heavy in his voice . 
 ` you 're still awake ? ' 
 i tilted my head towards him . 
 ` yes , i am . 
 but you fell asleep . ' ' 
 i did , ' he admitted groggily . 
 ` so movies do n't put you to sleep any more ? ' 
 ` they still do , ' i said , grinning slightly . ' 
 i have n't really been watching , though . ' 
 ` what 's keeping you awake ? ' 
 i spun myself around to face him . 
 ` this has been the most intense two and a half weeks of my life ... ever , ' i confessed . 
 ` and considering my life , that 's saying a lot . ' 
 i leaned over and clicked off the television . 
 emma continued , ' i guess ... i 'm overwhelmed and ... scared . ' 
 ` scared ? ' 
 emma looked down and started fumbling with her fingers . 
 i wanted to invite her to sit with me , so i could be closer to her . 
 she seemed too far away on the love seat . 
 but she was even further away in her thoughts , and i wanted to know where she was and how to get her back . 
 ` there 's this letter , sitting on my bed , ' she explained , her voice unsteady . 
 ` i 'm pretty sure it 's from my grandmother , and i do n't want to open it . ' 
 she closed her eyes to hide her emotions , and i slid down the couch to sit across from her . 
 when she opened her eyes again , they flickered with distress . 
 i fought the urge to reach for her hand . 
 ` your grandmother ? ' 
 i questioned , not aware she had any family other than george and the kids . 
 ` my father 's mother , ' she explained weakly . 
 ` she disowned him when i was born , because he and rachel were never married . ' 
 i tried to keep my expression smooth as she shared one more thing she 'd kept from me . 
 ` evan , i 'm not strong enough to read it , to listen to her blame me for the loss i caused her sons . 
 i ca n't handle one more person telling me that i should never have been born , or that i 'm not worth being loved . 
 i just ... ca n't . ' 
 i took a breath , fighting to appear calm for her . 
 these were the insecurities that fed on her over the years , embedded by the women who i despised more than anything . 
 these were her darkest secrets , and she was finally letting me see them . 
 i was n't about to let someone else hurt her . 
 ` i 'll read it for you , ' i told her . 
 ` if it 's bad , then you wo n't ever have to see it . 
 and if i think you can handle it , then i 'll give it to you . ' 
 ` okay , ' she replied with a quick exhale , trying to breathe away the anxiety . 
 she continued to twist her hands when i stood up . 
 i started towards the master bedroom and glanced back to find her following me . 
 my hands were trembling , and i did n't know how to make them stop . 
 i was going to let him go into the room and read it alone , but then i could n't . 
 i had to be there , to watch his reaction , even if he told me i could n't read it . 
 evan flipped on the light , and i slid onto the bed . 
 he sat on the edge , holding the heavy linen envelope in his hand , and raised his eyes to meet mine . 
 i bit my lip and nodded , encouraging him to open it . 
 he slid his finger under the seal and pulled out the letter . 
 the paper was thick and folded precisely in half . 
 i could see enough to tell that it was handwritten . 
 as evan 's eyes moved along each line , down each page , my heart pounded impatiently . 
 ` it 's not what you think , ' he said . 
 ` but it 's still going to affect you . 
 would you like me to read it to you , or would you rather read it yourself ? ' 
 i hesitated before answering . 
 ` i 'll read it . ' 
 i held out my hand . 
 ` but stay . 
 please ? ' 
 evan scooted beside me , my shoulder pressed against him . 
 i took a deep breath and unfolded the paper . 
 dear emily , i hope this letter finds you well . 
 i apologize that our first encounter must be so impersonal , but i thought it would be best under the circumstance . 
 my name is laura thomas . 
 i am your paternal grandmother . 
 after what transpired in weslyn , george thought it was best to move here to live with me in florida . 
 i was pleased , since i had not had much time with my grandchildren . 
 the circumstance surrounding their relocation was unfortunate , but i was determined to make them feel loved and welcome all the same . 
 during this time , the children spoke of you often . 
 they asked about your well-being and when they would see you again . 
 as you can imagine , it is a sensitive subject , and something we could not knowingly answer . 
 george has avoided addressing any questions pertaining to you , and i , unfortunately , do not know you well enough to answer them myself . 
 jack , in time , has ceased his questions . 
 however , leyla has persisted , constantly creating drawings for you , and has even begun to make up stories about you to her teachers and classmates . 
 both children have been under the care of a wonderful therapist to help them adjust to a life without their mother , and the therapist is concerned . 
 i have asked if it would be beneficial to request communication with you , and the suggestion was encouraged greatly . 
 george does not know of this correspondence , and would not favour this idea . 
 but leyla is very important to me , and you , emily , are very important to her . 
 so , i am kindly asking if you would consider reacquainting yourself with your cousins . 
 we could begin by correspondence , either written or electronic . 
 then perhaps we could work up to phone conversations , and in time , if you are willing , visits . 
 i will understand any reservations you may have regarding this request . 
 i am sending this in the best interest of leyla . 
 you are welcome to respond to the email or mailing address printed at the bottom of this letter . 
 cordially , laura thomas i folded the page in half and set it on the table next to the bed , my hands continuing to shake . 
 i leaned against the pillow and let the sterile words of my grandmother sink in . 
 she was n't contacting me because she wanted to meet me , or because she was sorry for missing out on so much of my life . 
 after the sting of that abated , the true message tore at my heart . 
 i could tell emma was trying to fight it , to lock out the emotion that was making her chin tremble . 
 ` it 's okay , ' i consoled her . 
 ` just let it out , emma . ' 
 she collapsed , leaning into me , and i pulled her against my chest . 
 she did n't sob like i expected , but her cheeks were slick with tears . ' 
 i miss them , ' she finally murmured , her voice broken . ' 
 i miss them so much . 
 all i ever wanted was for them to be happy . ' ' 
 i know . 
 they miss you too . 
 em , that just means they love you as much as you love them . ' 
 i held her while she cried for them . 
 when she 'd caught her breath , she eased away , wiping her flushed cheeks . ' 
 i do n't want to cry any more , ' she said , blowing away the tears . 
 ` it feels like all i 've been doing is falling apart and crying . ' 
 ` you ca n't keep it all inside , emma . 
 cry . 
 scream if you have to , but do n't let it destroy you . 
 i wish you would n't underestimate your strength . ' 
 i raised my hand to the side of her face and ran my thumb over her damp cheek . 
 ` thanks , ' she said , attempting a smile - meeting my eyes and lingering until i felt the compulsion of our connection in every part of my body . 
 i let my hand fall , needing to look away from her before i did what i wanted to do . 
 emma turned and pushed the decorative pillows to the floor , adjusting a pillow and lying down on her side , facing me . 
 evan followed my example and knocked the small pillows on his side to the floor before shifting down to lie across from me . 
 ` feeling any better ? ' 
 he asked , his silver-blue eyes focused on mine , trying to see inside . 
 i did n't look away to hide my conflicted emotions . 
 i let him in . ' 
 i do n't know what to do , ' i said , tucking my hands under the pillow . ' 
 i want to see them so bad . 
 but i 'm afraid it will make things worse . 
 i need to think about it . ' 
 ` okay , ' he said quietly . 
 i could tell there was so much more he wanted to say . 
 ` you want to tell me to do it , do n't you ? ' 
 i prodded . 
 ` that seeing leyla and jack is the right thing to do , and that there 's nothing i could do that would hurt them more than ignoring this letter and staying out of their lives . ' 
 a grin crept across evan 's face . 
 ` did n't have to tell you that , did i ? ' 
 he laughed when i reluctantly smiled . 
 ` either you 're really good at reading my mind , or you already knew what you wanted to do . ' 
 ` okay , you can stop talking now , ' i admonished , trying my best to stifle a smile . 
 ` but i really do n't want to cry any more . 
 it 's so exhausting . ' 
 evan laughed . ' 
 i understand . 
 but i 'm here if you need to . ' 
 ` thanks . ' 
 i smiled gently . 
 ` and if you ever need to cry ... ' evan started laughing . 
 evidently , the thought of me consoling him was comical . 
 ` what ?! 
 you do n't cry ? ' 
 i shot back , shoving his shoulder . 
 ` have you ever seen me cry ? ' 
 he asked with an oversized smile . 
 ` once , ' i answered automatically . 
 his grin faltered and we stared at each other , lost in the memory of that night . 
 the night in the meadow under the stars . 
 the night we asked each other for forgiveness . 
 the night i gave him everything . 
 i held my breath , unable to look away from the intensity in his eyes . 
 ` yeah , once , ' i murmured , still connecting with her , refusing to look away . 
 my eyes drifted towards her lips and my heartbeat picked up its pace . 
 her eyes were wide and uncertain . 
 i was about to lean towards her when she asked , ` will you do something with me tomorrow ? ' 
 her voice caught me by surprise , and i eased back , trying to calm my pulse . 
 ` whatever you want . ' 
 ` will you help me pick out a surfboard and a wetsuit ? ' 
 i could n't have smiled any bigger . 
 ` i 'd love to . ' 
 we continued talking about surfing until her lids got heavy , and eventually did n't open again . 
 reaching over her , i shut off the light . 
 i was about to crawl off the bed when her hand grabbed my arm . 
 she did n't say anything , just rolled over sleepily and wrapped my arm across her stomach - and did n't let go . 
 i tucked in behind her and held her against me , breathing her in until i fell asleep . 
 i shivered and reached for the blanket , but there was n't one . 
 i opened my eyes and blinked in the dark . 
 i could hear breathing behind me and felt the pressure of evan 's body along my back , our hands intertwined . 
 i slipped my fingers out carefully and eased off the bed to use the bathroom and get a drink of water . 
 i walked cautiously in the direction of where i thought the bathroom was , feeling blindly along the wall . 
 i eventually pushed the door open , and shut it behind me before clicking on the light . 
 as i brushed my teeth , i considered whether i should sleep on the far side of that large bed , so we were n't so close . 
 he 'd considered kissing me twice tonight , and i 'd almost let him . 
 but i 'd gotten scared and backed away . 
 there was still so much pain between us . 
 it was easy to forget in these vulnerable moments when we found ourselves drawn to each other . 
 so why is he in your bed , emma ? 
 i looked at myself in the mirror , sighed , and filled a glass from the vanity tray before walking back into the bedroom . 
 when i opened the bathroom door , evan suddenly shot up in bed . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 my breath faltered at the sudden movement . 
 ` evan ? 
 are you okay ? ' 
 my heart raced as i took in his rigid posture . 
 he appeared confused . 
 'em ? ' 
 ` i 'm right here , ' i said to him , gripping the glass tightly as i stood within the frame of the door . 
 he 'd had a nightmare . 
 it was strange seeing it from this side , panic followed by confusion and heavy breathing . 
 then , with the realization of where he was , his shoulders slouched in relief . 
 ` sorry , ' he said , as i remained unmoving , my hand on the light switch . 
 ` it 's okay , ' i assured him quietly . 
 ` do you mind turning on the light next to the bed so i can shut off the bathroom light ? ' 
 the lamp clicked on , and i noticed his hand trembling when he removed it from the switch . 
 i shut off the bathroom light and got back in bed . 
 he moved over and lay on his back , his arm resting across his forehead . 
 i continued to watch him . 
 his chest rose and fell as he struggled to recover . 
 ` what was it about ? ' 
 i asked , knowing it was a question i never answered . 
 ` you , ' he whispered . 
 it slipped through my mouth , and as soon as i said it , i wanted to take it back . 
 i turned my head towards her , and she remained perfectly still . 
 now i needed to explain . 
 ` it 's a little different each time . 
 but in some way , you 're always gone . 
 and i wake up in a panic . ' 
 she looked as if i 'd crushed the air out of her . 
 ` do n't , em . 
 do n't blame yourself for this too . ' 
 ` but ... how can i not ? ' 
 she murmured . 
 ` you wake up from a nightmare each night because of what i did to you . 
 how can i not feel it 's my fault ? ' 
 her eyes dipped sorrowfully . 
 she sunk further into the bed as the guilt pulled on her . 
 i wished i had the strength to lift it from her . 
 ` you 've worn guilt like an iron mask , welded to you , because you 're convinced that you 're to blame for what happens to everyone else . 
 you martyr yourself for things you 're not responsible for . 
 and you end up hurting the people you care about because you push them away , believing you 're protecting them . ' 
 emma remained quiet . 
 ` you ca n't continue to carry that guilt any more . 
 you ca n't keep shutting everyone out . 
 that 's not living , emma . ' ' 
 i know , ' she whispered , swiping the tears away . 
 ` living in the mistakes of your past is n't going to do anything but destroy your future . ' 
 the truth in his words shook me , and i held on to them with my fists tight , letting the tears seep into the pillow . 
 i thought i 'd concealed the darkness so well , but he 'd seen through my facade - the forced smiles and the evasive answers . 
 he knew me . 
 i wished he did n't . 
 i focused on his eyes . 
 ` i 'm sorry , evan . 
 i 'm so sorry for leaving you on the floor of that house . 
 for not saying anything when i left for california . 
 it was the worse choice i ever made . ' 
 ` taking away mine . ' 
 i scrunched my eyes slightly , not understanding . 
 ` you never gave me a choice , emma . 
 i think that 's why it 's so difficult to forgive you . 
 you chose for me . 
 just like my father did most of my life - until i was finally able to stand up to him . 
 but with you , it was different . 
 i would 've done anything for you . ' 
 the weight on my chest got heavier the more he spoke , until i felt it would splinter my bones . 
 to be compared to his father made me want to dissolve into the mattress . 
 i never gave him a chance to decide if i was worth loving . 
 i 'd taken that choice away from him - because i feared what it would be . 
 ` then be mad at me , evan , ' i finally pleaded . 
 ` please . 
 yell . 
 be angry . 
 do something . 
 stop accepting all the times i f ** k up . 
 quit being so understanding . 
 if you 'd gotten pissed off every once in a while , and had n't just avoided me or left , then i would 've had to choose too . 
 i thought i was doing the right thing by protecting you , as insane as that sounds now . 
 i have such a f ** ked-up life ; i did n't want you to know ... i did n't want you to see that side of me . ' 
 ` what side ? ' 
 ` the side that i hate , ' she shared with a strained voice . 
 she 'd reached her limit , and rolled over , unable to face me any more . 
 i was speechless ; her honesty and raw vulnerability thrust into my chest like a sledgehammer . 
 struck with an equal rush of awe and exhaustion , i clicked off the lamp . 
 i moved closer to her and said quietly , ' i will get mad at you , i promise . 
 but not tonight . 
 i 'm too tired . ' 
 she let out an emotional breathy laugh . 
 ` but right now , i 'm going to hold you , because you need it , and so do i. okay ? ' 
 ` are you giving me a choice ? ' 
 she asked , a hint of sarcasm breaking through the tears . 
 i laughed . 
 ` yes , emma , i 'm giving you a choice . ' 
 ` okay , ' she replied , scooting back a little until she felt me . 
 i wrapped my arm around her , and she slid her fingers between mine . 
 i pressed my face into her hair . 
 she whispered , ' i wo n't take your choices away from you again . 
 i promise . ' 
 31 truce the ivory curtains that hung on the glass doors did little to block out the bright morning light . 
 i rolled over and pulled the pillow over my head , not ready to be awake . 
 ` hey , em , ' evan called to me . 
 i grumbled under the pillow . 
 ` good to see you hate mornings again . 
 do you want breakfast ? ' 
 i lifted the pillow , about to tell him i could make my own breakfast , when words failed me completely . 
 evan stood with the door partly open , slicked with sweat , in just a pair of running shorts . 
 i forced my eyes to stare at the ceiling rather than his carved body . 
 what had he been doing the past two years ? 
 my heart was beating so fast , my entire body was flushed . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 ` i , um ... whatever , ' i said without looking at him . 
 ` is there something wrong ? ' 
 ` evan , put a shirt on , ' i blurted , my cheeks burning intensely . 
 he laughed . 
 ` really ? ' 
 ` shut up . ' 
 i pulled the pillow back over my head . 
 ` would you listen to me if i asked you to cover your legs ? ' 
 he asked , taking me by surprise . 
 ` what ? ' 
 i shot back , sitting up . 
 i felt my hair floating around my head and flattened it behind my ears . 
 he grinned and walked away . 
 i grumbled and pushed the covers off me , trudging to the bathroom . 
 when emma finally came out of the bedroom , the spoon completely missed my mouth , smearing milk along my chin . 
 ` what the hell ? ' 
 i exclaimed . 
 ` those barely qualify as underwear . ' 
 emma sauntered into the room in a pair of the shortest denim shorts i 'd ever seen . 
 her tan legs , defined with lines of lean muscle , crossed in front of me as i sat on the couch . 
 ` what do you mean ? ' 
 she said , playing the innocent . 
 ` they 're shorts . 
 it 's summer . ' 
 ` did you just cut them ? 
 because i know you 'd never buy a pair of shorts that short . 
 seriously , they 're ... revealing . ' 
 as soon as i said it , she tugged at them slightly , her cheeks turning red . 
 i grinned , hoping she would change . 
 i glared at him . 
 he sat on the couch , his hair wet from the shower . 
 and still without a shirt . 
 he was doing it to get to me . 
 so i decided not to play fair , except now i was worried i 'd cut too much off the jeans . 
 i could feel the material riding up . 
 i wanted to pull them down , but knew he was waiting for it . 
 so instead , i continued outside . 
 'em ma ! ' 
 evan hollered , practically jumping off the couch . 
 ` okay . 
 i 'll put on a shirt . 
 now please come inside and put on a pair of shorts that cover what shorts are supposed to cover . ' 
 i smiled proudly and stalked past him as he shoved his head through his t-shirt . 
 ` truce ? ' 
 ` truce , ' he mumbled , lowering his shirt over his taut stomach . 
 ` do you still want to go to the surf shop ? ' 
 ` yes , ' i hollered , closing the bedroom door behind me . 
 when i stepped out of the house , i was surprised to find a red , boxy-looking truck with a black canvas top . 
 i flipped my eyes towards evan curiously . 
 ` whose is this ? ' 
 i asked , stepping up and pulling myself onto the seat . 
 a waft of worn leather filled the cab . 
 i examined the shiny red metal and black leather interior , with its small round instruments and bucket seats . 
 ` mine , ' evan answered , shutting the door behind me . 
 ` where 'd it come from ? ' 
 i asked when he entered his side . 
 despite the obvious age of the vehicle , it was in really good condition and appeared to be newly painted . 
 ` the garage dropped it off this morning , ' evan explained , starting it . 
 ` they were converting it to biodiesel , so i had to wait a while . ' 
 he began to pull out of the driveway . 
 ` evan , stop , ' i demanded . 
 he braked and put it in neutral . 
 ` explain . 
 now . 
 all of it . ' 
 ` explain what ? 
 biodiesel ? ' 
 he said with a devilish grin . 
 ` evan ! ' 
 i scolded . 
 the smile dropped from his face . 
 his eyes flickered in deliberation . 
 ` just say it , ' i pushed . ' 
 i needed a vehicle because i transferred to stanford , and i start classes next quarter . 
 and i went to san francisco earlier this week to meet my mother because she wanted to see the place i 'd picked out before i signed the lease . ' 
 i blinked . 
 that 's all i could do . 
 the rest of me was stunned into paralysis . 
 i finally asked , ` why are you going to stanford ? ' 
 ` it was my first choice , ' he answered . 
 he continued out of the driveway , leaving me staring at him from the passenger seat . 
 ` okay , ' i breathed . 
 ` okay . 
 it was your first choice . 
 okay . ' 
 i was expecting yelling , or at least some sign of annoyance . 
 but she just sat there repeating ` okay ' over and over , like she was trying hard to accept it . 
 ` what 's your major ? ' 
 emma asked about five minutes into the drive . ' 
 i have a double major in business and education , ' i told her . ' 
 i have n't decided yet . ' 
 ` oh . ' 
 she nodded thoughtfully . 
 ` education , huh ? 
 serena 's boyfriend is an education major . 
 i think he 's coming up tomorrow . 
 you can talk to him . ' 
 my shoulders relaxed . 
 a small smile eased onto my face as we drove into town . 
 i was trying to remain calm . 
 i did n't know if i was actually pulling it off , but maybe asking questions would keep me from freaking out . 
 ` so you got a place off campus ? ' 
 ` yeah , ' he answered . ' 
 a studio . 
 it 's small , but i wo n't have room-mates . 
 this guy converted the space above his garage to rent out . ' 
 ` nice , ' i responded , with a casual nod that i hoped hid my turbulent thoughts . 
 he 'd sworn he had n't come here to get me back . 
 and i knew the transfer deadline was months ago , so this had to have been something he planned to do way before seeing me again . 
 that 's when it all fell into place . 
 stanford was his first choice , and i 'd screwed that up when i left . 
 when i 'd given vivian that letter ... and this was yet another choice i 'd taken away from him . ' 
 i think you 're going to like it here . ' 
 i smiled softly , rubbing my damp palms on my cargo shorts . ' 
 i think so too . ' 
 we pulled into the lot at the surf shop . 
 ` ready ? ' 
 she laughed at me . 
 ` excited much ? ' 
 ` you have no idea . ' 
 i grinned stupidly , jumping out of the truck . 
 i walked around towards her side , but she 'd already opened her door . 
 as she climbed out , i noticed her bandaged feet . 
 ` no socks today , ' i noted . 
 ` it 's getting better , ' she explained . 
 ` they 're not as tender , so i figured band-aids were enough . ' 
 i held the shop door open for her , and we headed to the front counter . 
 evan 's face was beaming as we scanned the racks of surfboards . 
 i smiled at his excitement . 
 the inventory was overwhelming at first , but when i found a design by a local artist , i knew i had to have it . 
 much to evan 's disappointment , the only longboard with that design was in their shop in cardiff . 
 we 'd have to wait a few days for it to be delivered . 
 after i found a wetsuit that fit and selected a few rash guards , evan and the guy behind the counter continued talking ` surf ' , so i decided to browse the bathing suits , wanting to find a better style for surfing . 
 i selected a few that looked like they would n't fall off if - when - i wiped out , and then i came across the dental-floss suits . 
 i held up a hot pink one , trying to understand what parts all the strings covered . 
 ` you 're not serious , ' evan said from behind me . 
 i grinned before turning around . 
 i laid it across the front of me as if sizing it . 
 ` what do you think ? ' 
 ` you ca n't wear that surfing , ' evan said with a shake of his head . 
 ` of course not . ' 
 i laughed . 
 ` for the pool parties . ' 
 his mouth fell open . 
 ` no , emma . 
 that 's not a good idea at all . ' 
 i smiled wider , continuing to taunt him . ' 
 i think i 'm going to try it on . 
 do you want me to model it for you ? ' 
 ` nope , ' he responded , his neck turning red . 
 ` you do n't need to model it for me or anyone else . 
 in fact , if you wanted to keep it on the hanger , that would be just fine too . ' 
 i laughed again and walked away , seeking out the dressing area with the suit still in my hand . 
 i slid the curtain shut and hung the suits , trying on the ones i was truly interested in and making a selection . 
 then i picked up the one that was a breeze away from nudity . 
 seeing his reaction to the thought of me wearing it was more than entertaining . 
 i hung up the suits i did n't want - including the hot pink mess - and continued to the register . 
 ` and i have the board , rash guards and wetsuit too , ' i reminded the guy . 
 i glanced around . 
 evan was on the other side of the store , checking out sunglasses . 
 ` the board 's already paid for , ' the guy informed me . 
 ` we 're closed on sunday , so it 'll be here for you to pick up on monday morning . 
 we open at seven . ' 
 ` oh ... thanks , ' i replied . 
 after i was done at the counter , i grabbed my bags and headed towards the door . 
 ` evan - ' emma scowled as we walked through the door . 
 ` why 'd you do that ? ' ' 
 i wanted to , ' i replied . 
 ` let 's just say it 's in celebration that you surf . ' 
 i was n't about to tell her it was a gift for the day she never celebrated . 
 it would arrive two days early , so officially , i was giving it to her before her birthday . 
 when we arrived back at the house , she hung the wetsuit in the entry closet before continuing into the bedroom . 
 i followed her , knocking on the door to get her attention . 
 ` do you want to go with me to nate 's for dinner when sara and jared get here ? ' 
 she was folding the black swimsuit in her hands . 
 ` what ? 
 you did n't buy the pink one ? ' 
 a mischievous grin spread across her face . 
 ` you wish . 
 but i would 've loved to have taken a picture of your face when i held it up . ' 
 she laughed , and ... did n't stop . 
 i would let her laugh at my expense all day just to hear the lightness of it . 
 ` speaking of which , ' emma said when she eventually stopped . 
 ` do you have your camera ? ' 
 i hesitated - still not convinced i was ready to pick it up again . 
 ` somewhere . ' 
 ` well , if you choose to , the sunsets here are stunning . 
 i was thinking of painting for the afternoon , hoping to capture the colours by the time the sun sets . ' 
 the corner of my mouth rose . 
 ` that might be worth taking a picture of . ' 
 ` the sunset ? ' 
 ` no , ' i answered , awaiting her reaction as i paused a second . 
 ` you painting . ' 
 the softest flush of pink filled her cheeks . 
 i could never get enough of that either . 
 he walked away , leaving me staring after him with warm cheeks . 
 evan continued upstairs while i dragged out a stool from the bistro table onto the deck , and set up the easel . 
 i sat on the stool and breathed in the salty air . 
 it was a perfect day . 
 and when evan emerged with his camera , messing with the lens , i was convinced it could n't get any better . 
 he went for a walk along the beach with his camera while i visualized the scene i wanted to create and began spreading a base of colour along the canvas . 
 completely focused on what i was doing , i never noticed when evan returned . 
 i actually did n't notice much of anything until i heard the front door close , and spun around on the stool . 
 ` hello ? ' 
 sara called through the house . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 ` out here , ' evan responded , lying on the hammock , reading the book i 'd left on the table . 
 my heart skipped a beat when i noticed the oak leaf resting on his chest . 
 i bit my lip with a slow grin at the sight of it . 
 when i raised my eyes from the leaf , he was watching me with a knowing look on his face . 
 there had always been a connection between us , since the first day i saw him - a delicate tether of energy that bound us together . 
 but something was different . 
 with each bout of honesty , i was letting him in deeper , exposing the most vulnerable side of me . 
 i could feel us getting closer , with every touch , every glance and subtle smile . 
 the screen door slid open and i turned quickly to face sara , slipping down from the stool . 
 she stepped onto the deck , radiant in a green and yellow floral sundress , a vibrant smile on her face . 
 i would have thought she was returning from vacation , not a funeral - and then i saw her hand clasping jared 's . 
 sara released him to hold out her arms , but she reconsidered when she saw the paint on my hands and gave me a quick kiss on the cheek instead . 
 ` hi ! 
 i 'm so happy to be back . 
 this house is perfect , em ! 
 i ca n't believe we 're staying here for a month . 
 the only thing we 're missing is a pool . ' 
 ` it 's on the roof , ' evan blurted before i could say anything . 
 ` really ?! ' 
 sara practically squealed with excitement . 
 ` no , ' evan laughed teasingly . 
 sara shot him a look . 
 ` you 're an a ** hole , evan . ' 
 this caused jared to chuckle . 
 she stepped behind the stool to look at my painting , ` wow . 
 that 's powerful . ' 
 ` it 's not done yet , ' i said in a rush , fidgeting as her eyes scanned the strokes , swirling in apparent chaos . 
 ` but i like it , ' she said with a smile . ' 
 i know you guys just got here , but we 're going over to nate 's . 
 his mom invited us for dinner , if you want to come with us , ' evan announced . 
 ` we are ? ' 
 i questioned . 
 he clenched his teeth in apology , realizing we had n't truly discussed it . 
 ` we 'll go , ' sara declared happily . 
 ` come on , em . 
 i 'll pick out something for you to wear while you clean the paint off your ... body . ' 
 i glanced down and found paint splattered across any exposed skin between my shoulders and my knees . 
 evan laughed at my amazed reaction . 
 ` you are probably the most intense painter i 've ever seen . 
 i 'll clean up your stuff so you can get ready . ' 
 ` thanks , ' i said , and followed sara into the house , trying not to touch anything . 
 ` holy shit ! ' 
 she exclaimed upon entering the master bedroom . ' 
 i could live in this room and never leave . ' 
 ` pretty nice , huh ? ' 
 i agreed , bumping the bathroom door open with my hip . 
 ` tell me about new hampshire . ' 
 i hollered to her as i shed my clothes to shower . 
 ` we 'll talk about it when you get out , ' she bellowed from somewhere deep within the closet . 
 ` you need dresses ! ' 
 ` no , you need me to need dresses ! ' 
 when i returned to the bedroom , wrapped in a towel with blotchy red skin from scrubbing the paint off , i found sara seated on the chaise with her ankles crossed , texting . 
 she set down her phone when she saw me . 
 i inspected the white linen shorts and light blue halter top resting on the bed , and the wedge sandals on the floor beneath . ' 
 i wish you 'd go dress shopping with me . ' 
 ` sara , please , ' i pleaded , not wanting to have this conversation . 
 ` i 'm not giving up on you , em . ' 
 her brows arched as her glossy lips quirked slightly . 
 ` nice to have you back , sara , ' i said , dressing in the clothes she 'd set out for me . 
 ` now talk . ' 
 sara sat on the end of the bed , peering up at me with twinkling eyes . 
 ` he showed up at the funeral . ' 
 her smile shone across her face . ' 
 i know that , ' i said impatiently , ` but what happened ? 
 what did he say ? ' 
 ` we did n't really get to talk until yesterday , because my father just about threw him out of the church when he saw him . 
 so he basically harassed me with a million texts , begging to talk to me until i finally agreed to meet him at a bookstore . 
 i think he wanted to meet there so i could n't scream at him . 
 ` anyway , he told me about his dad , always putting business before everything else . 
 i knew that . 
 i mean , look what he did to you . ' 
 my face tightened . 
 ` sorry , that was a bad thing to say ... ' ` just keep going , ' i encouraged , not wanting to dwell on the fact that stuart mathews did n't like me . 
 ` he was dating this girl , which made me want to throw up . 
 but then you should 've seen his face when i told him about jean-luc . 
 so i guess we were both pretty stupid . 
 his father kept dropping hints that jared and this girl had a great future ahead of them together . 
 jared kept shrugging it off . 
 but that 's what stuart wanted , and so did the bitch in the photo . 
 i should 've known she was a conniving whore-bag when i saw that she was friends with catherine jacobs , who 's the biggest skank of them all . ' 
 sara noticed the colour drain from my face . 
 ` they did n't date , emma , ' sara assured me in a rush . 
 ` okay ? ' 
 i nodded , my skin still crawling at the presumption of them being intimate in any way . 
 ` she wanted in , and stuart was giving her an in , scoring a pretty sweet deal with her father while he was at it . 
 she made certain she wore her grandmother 's ring on her left hand at the party , and stuart arranged for the reporter . 
 the news of an ` engagement ' was leaked upon sight of the ring , and it took vivian a week to clear it up - but only after it was printed , thanks to stuart 's influence . 
 he 's such a dick . ' 
 sara clenched her teeth in disgust . 
 ` i 'm so glad vivian forced him to leave . 
 and , emma , she was so upset after what he 'd done to you . 
 my mom told me she and vivian went to lunch last summer , and you came up . 
 vivian always questioned whether she did the right thing by keeping evan close to home , away from you . 
 but she blamed stuart for his part in your leaving . ' 
 i fought to keep my face even while she spoke , but my breath rippled with emotion . 
 ` what now ? ' 
 ` so ... we 're together . 
 and it 's amazing ! ' 
 sara practically bounced on the bed . 
 'em , i was so paranoid to think that we would n't be able to handle the distance . 
 i mean ... he 's it . 
 he 's the only guy that makes me feel like i could do anything , and that i 'm the most important person in the world . 
 i 'd never been in love until i met him . 
 and i have n't loved anyone since . ' 
 she emanated happiness , and it looked beautiful on her . 
 ` that 's the best story you 've ever told . ' 
 she jumped up from the bed and hugged me , catching me off guard . 
 i wrapped my arms around her , squeezing just as tight . 
 ` now , tell me about you , ' sara insisted , trying to be serious , but joy soaked through her like light . 
 ` what happened with cole ? 
 what did he say ? ' 
 ` nothing , ' i shrugged . 
 ` he left a note . ' 
 i turned from her and started towards the bathroom . ' 
 i should dry my hair . 
 i think the guys are waiting on us . ' 
 'em ma , ' sara chided , following me into the bathroom , ` i 'll dry your hair . 
 you talk . ' 
 i sighed , sitting at the vanity while sara reached for the round brush and hairdryer . 
 ` there 's not much to say . 
 it was only two sentences . 
 you know i 'd asked him to leave before i hurt him , so that 's what he did . 
 he was n't going to let me hurt him . ' 
 ` shit , ' she replied . 
 ` he knew , em . 
 he knew as soon as evan stepped off that plane that it was over . ' 
 ` evan ? ' 
 i questioned in surprise . 
 ` i 'm the reason he left . ' 
 ` whatever , ' she said dismissively . 
 ` you do n't always have the clearest perspective on things , em . 
 either way . 
 he left , so how are you ? ' 
 i averted my eyes . 
 ` fine . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 she demanded . 
 ` are you upset that he 's gone ? ' ' 
 i hate how it ended , ' i admitted . 
 ` he was a good guy . 
 really . ' ' 
 i know , ' sara acknowledged . ' 
 i liked him . ' 
 i nodded . ' 
 i knew it was going to happen . 
 i knew there would be an end eventually . 
 i just did n't want it to get ... complicated . ' 
 ` yeah , ' sara scoffed . 
 ` if you do n't want complicated , then stay away from guys . ' 
 i made a face at her advice . 
 ` now what about evan ? ' 
 she continued . 
 ` how have you been getting along ? 
 was it weird to be alone with him here last night ? ' 
 i shook my head , trying to keep my body temperature from rising . 
 but the heat rushed to my cheeks anyway . 
 sara switched off the hairdryer . 
 ` what happened ? ' 
 i glanced up , and she was staring at me with large eyes . 
 ` did you have sex with him ?! ' 
 ` what ?! 
 omigod , no ! ' 
 i answered quickly , my entire face now red . 
 ` we 've been talking , that 's all . 
 and ... well ... ' 'em ma , ' sara said in her familiar lecturing tone . 
 ` what did you do ? ' 
 ` he stayed with me , in here , last night , ' i explained quietly . 
 ` we talked until we fell asleep . ' 
 ` and you did n't exactly sleep on opposite sides of that huge bed , did you ? ' 
 she knew the answer when i could n't meet her eyes . 
 ` what 's happening between you two ? ' 
 ` i 'm not sure , ' i answered honestly . 
 ` we really are just talking . 
 and it 's good , i guess . 
 it 's honest , anyway . 
 and i cry way too much . 
 it 's kind of pathetic . ' 
 ` i 'm sure it 's not pathetic , ' sara comforted me . 
 ` you probably have n't cried enough in your life , so you 're making up for it . ' 
 ` great , ' i grumbled , wishing i knew how to find the off switch again . 
 ` but - ' ` are you almost ready ? ' 
 evan hollered into the room . 
 ` we 'll be right out , ' sara answered , turning on the dryer to finish my hair . 
 ` this conversation is n't over . ' 
 she gave me a stern look , and i nodded meekly . 
 sara walked out of the bedroom before emma with a smile on her face that would n't quit . 
 i glanced over at jared , who stared at her with an i 've - been-hit-on-the-head-with-a-hammer look on his face . 
 their reconciliation was bound to make things a little awkward around here , especially when emma and i did n't even touch ... except when we went to sleep . 
 ` we need to talk , ' sara said between her smiling teeth . 
 ` what did i do now ? ' 
 i asked . 
 she looked behind me , and i turned to find emma with her leg bent behind her , using the wall as support to slide on a pair of dress sandals - her feet still covered in bandages . 
 the white shorts were short enough to show off the legs that made me weak . 
 i realized i was staring when her cheeks glowed red , and she smiled at me awkwardly . 
 ` uh , ready ? ' 
 i confirmed , noticing that jared and sara were already at the door . 
 i reached out to grab her hand , but caught myself and ran it along the side of my khakis instead , hoping she had n't noticed . 
 maybe inviting her was n't the best idea . 
 it felt like a date , and despite the connection we were feeling , we were n't ready for that . 
 i started for the door as she grabbed a sweater out of the closet . 
 ` you look nice , ' she said , turning me around . ' 
 i like that shirt on you . ' 
 ` thanks , ' i responded , completely taken by surprise . 
 ` you look ... amazing . ' 
 she smiled shyly and said , ` thanks , ' as she walked by me out the door . 
 ` sweet scout , ' jared admired , climbing in behind the driver 's seat . 
 ` what year is it ? ' 
 ` sixty-nine , ' i responded , waiting for emma to climb in so i could close the door behind her . 
 i noticed sara 's eyes scrunch slightly , like she was trying to figure out the same thing emma had earlier . 
 i decided to let emma tell her about me transferring , not certain what her reaction would be . 
 sara wanted emma to be happy , but i knew she was still worried about her . 
 i did n't know if she was still concerned about my motives , or just the emotional turbulence that had swept into emma 's life this summer . 
 either way , i knew i was part of it . 
 if i 'd heeded nate 's warning about his satanic tweener cousins , i would never have exposed sara and emma to them . 
 i do n't know how , but somehow we survived dinner without anyone ending up stabbed in the eye or floating face down in the pool , although i could tell by jared 's menacing glare that he was thinking it . 
 we escaped as soon as we could , making an excuse about a movie . 
 nate and the guys disappeared to a party to save themselves . ' 
 i think i have barbecue sauce on my back , ' emma said as we drove home . 
 she was trying to wipe it off her shoulder blade , but was unable to reach it . ' 
 i did n't know anyone could be so annoying . ' 
 ` dude , i am never having kids , ' jared declared . 
 i glanced in the rearview mirror and noticed sara staring at him . 
 he quickly added , ` like that . 
 those two kids were hatched by gremlins , i swear . ' 
 i reached over and ran my finger across the brown streak on emma 's back . 
 ` thanks , ' she said , turning her head to look out the open window . 
 ` what time are serena and meg arriving tomorrow ? ' 
 sara asked . 
 emma turned towards her , and i grinned at the flush of colour that my touch had caused . 
 ` late tonight . 
 so we wo n't see them until the morning . 
 james is supposed to be coming too , ' emma told her , then appeared alarmed when she noticed my expression . 
 ` what ? ' 
 i shrugged innocently , but could n't keep from smirking as we pulled into the driveway . 
 this only made her redder . 
 i exhaled a quick laugh . 
 ` just tell me , ' she demanded . 
 ` did that little brat write his initials on my back or something ? ' 
 ` no . ' 
 i shook my head . 
 ` but he was trying to look up your shorts every time he purposely dropped his fork under the table , ' jared shared . 
 she looked to sara for confirmation . 
 ` did he ? ' 
 ` he tried , ' sara affirmed , ` until i dug my heel into his hand . 
 i think i may have scarred him for life . ' 
 ` nicely done , ' jared said proudly . 
 he pulled her into him and kissed her on the forehead . 
 i looked away from the mirror . 
 their couple status was definitely uncomfortable to witness . 
 ` sara , you 're cruel , ' emma accused playfully . 
 ` yes , i am , ' sara gloated , causing jared to laugh loudly . 
 when we entered the house , sara announced , ` we 're going to bed , ' practically dragging jared up the stairs behind her . 
 emma and i exchanged glances , very aware that they were not going to sleep . 
 and just to make it obvious , sara leaned over the railing at the top of the stairs and said , ` you may want to put on music , or the tv , and turn it up . ' 
 my eyes widened as jared laughed , trailing after her . 
 ` wow , ' i said , ` that was ... ' ` awkward , ' evan finished for me . 
 ` uh , so ... ' ` want to go for a walk ? ' 
 i suggested . 
 we both looked down at the band-aids on my feet . 
 ` what if i built a fire on the patio instead ? ' 
 evan suggested . 
 i glanced at the clock - it was later than i thought . 
 and in truth , i really did n't want to talk , which i knew would happen if we sat out on the patio . 
 ` you know what , i think i 'm going to go to bed , ' i declared . 
 ` i 'll read until i fall asleep . ' 
 ` oh , ' evan replied with disappointment . 
 ` okay . 
 well ... ' sara 's exuberant laughter carried down the stairs . 
 evan eyed the second floor in dread . 
 ` you can stay in my room ... if you want , ' i offered . 
 ` are you sure ? ' 
 he asked cautiously . ' 
 i do n't want it to feel like we 're - ' ' i know , ' i responded . 
 i was very aware of what we were n't , and i did n't need to hear him say it . 
 ` i 'll be right down , ' he told me . ' 
 i need to get my bag . ' 
 evan rushed up the stairs , probably not wanting to be within earshot of them any longer than he had to . 
 i continued to the bedroom to prepare for bed . 
 evan knocked lightly on the bathroom door while i was brushing my teeth . 
 ` i 'm changing out here , so give me a minute before you come out . ' 
 ` okay , ' i responded , my voice garbled with a mouthful of toothpaste . 
 and of course , the only thing i could think about was evan changing . 
 i rinsed my mouth and washed my face , patting it dry just as he knocked again . 
 ` you can come in , ' i announced . 
 evan opened the door , dressed in a pair of shorts and a worn t-shirt that left little to the imagination about what was concealed underneath . 
 i let out an exasperated breath as i passed him . 
 ` what ? ' 
 evan laughed , obviously reading my expression . 
 i got into bed without responding and clicked on the bedside lamp . 
 i could hear the water running as evan brushed his teeth . 
 eyeing his bag on the chaise , i wondered just how many nights he planned to spend in this room . 
 i opened the book as evan emerged from the bathroom , setting the oak leaf on the pillow next to me . 
 he slipped under the covers on the far end of the bed . 
 ` that 's a good book so far , ' he noted . ' 
 i was reading it earlier today . ' 
 ` want to read it with me ? ' 
 i offered , without really thinking it through . 
 ` have you ever done that before , ' he asked , ` read a book at the same time as someone else ? ' 
 ` no . 
 have you ? ' 
 ` no . ' 
 he laughed lightly . 
 ` come here , ' he beckoned , gently picking up the leaf and scooting towards the middle pillow . 
 i eyed him suspiciously . 
 ` do n't worry , just come here . ' 
 i moved over , and he opened his arm and patted the shoulder closest to me . 
 ` lie here , and i 'll hold the book . ' 
 i hesitated , contemplating . 
 'em ma , just come lie down . ' 
 i sighed and rested my head on his chest , fitting perfectly along the dip of his shoulder . 
 he handed me the leaf , taking the book from me . 
 i could hear his heart beating under my ear . 
 i did n't know where to put my arm , so i rested my hand on his chest , listening to his heart pick up its pace at my touch , knowing mine was doing the same thing . 
 i took a slow breath and tried to concentrate on the words as he held the book above our heads . 
 ` i 'm a couple of pages behind , ' he told me . 
 ` do you mind if i catch up real quick ? ' 
 ` go ahead , ' i said , pinching the stem of the leaf that was still in my hand , brushing it gently against his chest . 
 i lay there silently as he read . 
 i could feel the heat from his body along my skin . 
 i could hear the erratic beating of his heart . 
 i was being pulled to him , and it was becoming too much for me to resist . 
 just as i was about to move away , evan said , ` i 'm going to miss that house . ' 
 his gaze was focused on the leaf i was nervously playing with . 
 he rested the opened book on his stomach and brushed his fingers along my arm . 
 i propped up on my elbow so i could see him , still closer than i should 've been . 
 ` what do you mean ? ' 
 ` my mother 's selling it , ' he told me , his voice heavy and quiet . 
 ` she ca n't do that , ' i said passionately , my heart convulsing at the thought of it belonging to anyone else . 
 ` i 'm working on it , ' he assured me with a deflated breath . 
 ` but it 's not looking good . ' 
 i lowered my head back on his chest , reflecting . ' 
 i love this tree , ' i said in a hushed tone , ` and the swing . ' 
 i stared at the leaf so he would n't see the emotion surfacing . 
 ` me too , ' he muttered softly . 
 ` and the barn . 
 that was such a great place to escape to . ' 
 ` yeah . ' 
 i flipped the leaf over on his chest . 
 ` if those walls could talk , right ? ' 
 evan laughed . ' 
 i would listen . ' 
 i smiled fondly at the thought of what they 'd say . 
 ` those woods freaked me out though , ' i recalled . 
 ` or maybe it was your driving . ' 
 ` hey , ' he balked defensively . ' 
 i thought i was pretty good on that bike . 
 you did n't trust me ? ' 
 ` only when my eyes were closed , ' i teased . ' 
 i love that kitchen , ' evan stressed . ' 
 i set it up exactly how i wanted it . ' 
 ` the kitchen , really ? ' 
 i laughed . 
 ` of course you 'd love the kitchen . ' 
 ` if i remember correctly , you loved that kitchen too . ' 
 ` it was more about the food than the kitchen , ' i corrected . 
 i paused , mentally walking the halls of the house , inhaling the scent of wood and polish . 
 ` you never did play the piano for me . ' 
 ` no , ' he said quickly . 
 ` that never did , or will , happen . 
 my parents forced me take lessons , but these fingers are most definitely not meant to play the piano . ' 
 he splayed his fingers in front of him , and i grinned , lying back against his shoulder to look up at them . 
 ` yeah , you 're right ; they do n't look worthy of a piano , ' i mocked . ' 
 i wish i could 've swum in that pool at least once . ' ' 
 i still do n't believe there was a pool . 
 i think it was just a hole , because why else would it never get uncovered ? ' 
 ` guess we 'll never know , ' he sighed , his voice heavy . ' 
 i ca n't believe she 's selling it . 
 the best moments of my life happened in that house . ' 
 ` mine too , ' i whispered , lost in the remembrance of all the life-changing moments that had happened while i was protected within the borders of that property . 
 evan was quiet . 
 i suddenly realized what we were really saying . 
 ` have you caught up ? ' 
 i asked , clearing my throat . 
 evan picked up the book again . 
 ` yeah . ' 
 we began reading . 
 i 'd nod when i was done with the page , being the slower reader - or maybe he was n't really reading any more . 
 at one point he shifted , and i could feel his breath along my cheek . 
 i could n't concentrate . 
 my heart raced , and my body flooded with heat . 
 i closed my eyes , pushing away the desire to tilt my head up towards him . 
 i knew he was right there ; i could feel him . 
 i pressed my lips together and inhaled . 
 when i opened my eyes , the book was gone , and evan had carefully removed the leaf from my hand . ' 
 i know this is hard , ' evan said in an exhale , rolling on his side with his arm still under my neck . 
 i kept facing up , staring at the ceiling , trying to breathe . 
 i knew i should move away , but i could n't . ' 
 i feel it too . 
 and i 'm having just as hard a time resisting , emma . 
 because i do n't want to do anything we 're not ready for . ' 
 i closed my eyes , my chest tightening , knowing i was n't ready . 
 but the firmness of his body against my side and his scent held me captive , keeping me from moving a single muscle . 
 i was afraid to lose this - his touch , his warmth . 
 his hand ran across my stomach , and i inhaled quickly . 
 ` oh , emma , ' he murmured in my ear , making me bite my lip . 
 his fingers coiled into a fist on my stomach , and his arm tightened in restraint . 
 ` maybe i should go upstairs . ' 
 just as he turned on his back , i uttered , ` do n't go . ' 
 he was suddenly very still . 
 ` you 're right . 
 we 're not ready . 
 and i do n't know what 's happening between us . 
 but ... if you can , will you just lie with me ? 
 if you ca n't , i ... ' ' i can do that . ' 
 he exhaled deeply . 
 i realized he needed some distance , so i rolled on my side and shut off the light . 
 a few minutes later , evan slid behind me and i found his hand , gripping it tightly in front of me . 
 ` goodnight , emma , ' he whispered in my ear just before he kissed the top of my head . 
 my breath faltered . 
 i squeezed his hand , and as impossible as it seemed , i fell asleep . 
 32 relentless i thought i heard voices . 
 i tried to ignore them , but they were ... giggly and almost shrieking . 
 i shifted and evan mumbled something behind me , his arm still draped over me . 
 ` evan ? ' 
 still deep in sleep , he did n't respond . 
 i listened again and heard , ` i 'm so glad you 're here . 
 we 're going to have the best weekend . ' 
 i shot up in bed , forcing evan to roll over . 
 ` evan , wake up , ' i urged in a panic . 
 ` yeah , emma 's still in bed , ' sara said to one of the girls . 
 ` her room 's right there , if you want to wake her . ' 
 ` shit , evan . ' 
 i shoved him . 
 he blinked his eyes open . 
 ` the girls are here . 
 get out of my bed . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 he mumbled , rubbing his eyes . 
 ` get out , now . ' 
 i pushed against his shoulder . 
 ` they 're coming into my room . ' 
 he finally caught on just as a knock sounded at my door . 
 evan scrambled out of the bed and practically fell over , tripping on the sheets in his dazed state . 
 he disappeared behind the bathroom door as serena poked her head in . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 when she saw that i was awake , she smiled brightly . 
 ` hi . ' 
 ` hi , ' i said , smiling in return and trying to calm down from panic mode . 
 i glanced at the bathroom out of the corner of my eye , and had to force myself to keep smiling when i noticed the door was cracked open . 
 i wanted to throw something at him , but i redirected my attention to serena before she caught on . 
 ` good morning , ' meg said as she entered the room . 
 ` you slept late . ' 
 ` what time is it ? ' 
 i asked , fighting the urge to look at the bathroom again . 
 ` ten thirty . ' 
 meg sat on the edge of the bed . 
 ` how was the drive ? ' 
 i asked , my heart beating so hard i could feel it in my ears . 
 i needed to figure out how to get them out of my room without it seeming obvious . 
 ` not bad , ' serena said , sitting on the bed in the spot evan had just left . 
 ` this house is insane by the way . 
 nice find . ' 
 ` thanks , ' i responded , twisting the sheets under the covers . ' 
 i was just - ' ` finally ! ' 
 sara interrupted , coming into the room and shutting the door behind her . 
 i wanted to groan , knowing i would n't be able to make them leave now . ' 
 i thought you 'd never wake up . 
 now that the girls are here , we can finish that conversation we started last night . ' 
 i opened my mouth to argue , but she stopped me . 
 ` do n't you dare . 
 this is a big deal . ' 
 ` what 's a big deal ? ' 
 meg asked , looking from sara to me . 
 ` what 's going on between you and evan ? ' 
 sara began the interrogation . 
 i braced myself for the heart attack that was about to happen . 
 i actually hoped it would , so i could avoid this conversation . 
 serena pounced . 
 ` why ? 
 what happened ? ' 
 i could n't help it - i glanced at the door - and even though i could n't see him , i knew he was listening . 
 ` umm ... i do n't know really , ' i answered evasively , trying to keep my voice quiet . 
 ` we 're ... talking . ' 
 ` there 's more than talking going on , ' sara said . ' 
 i mean , i saw you guys last night at dinner . ' 
 i swallowed . 
 please let me vanish right now . 
 please ! 
 ` has he kissed you ? ' 
 serena demanded . 
 ` no , ' i answered quickly , trying not to think about the kiss he 'd given me on the top of my head last night . 
 my cheeks flamed in betrayal . 
 ` are you lying ? ' 
 sara accused . 
 ` did you kiss him and not tell me ? ' ' 
 i swear , i did n't kiss him , ' i answered adamantly . 
 ` so how do you feel about him ? ' 
 meg asked . 
 the girls quieted , leaning closer in anticipation . 
 and i could have sworn the door opened wider . 
 ` i 'm not sure how to answer that , ' i said honestly , resigning myself to the conversation ... and evan listening . 
 ` it 's been intense . 
 a lot 's happened , and i 'm just trying to figure things out . 
 it would n't be fair to either of us to start anything without fixing what went wrong to begin with . ' 
 ` and what was that ? ' 
 meg asked . 
 ` me , ' i answered quietly , unable to look at any of them . 
 ` he does n't trust me . 
 and i have to earn that back if i want to try again . ' 
 ` do you - want to try again ? ' 
 serena asked excitedly . 
 i did n't want to answer this question , so i said , ` i 'm not ready . ' 
 it was the only thing i knew to be true . 
 ` okay . 
 what are we doing today ? ' 
 i did my best to sound cheerful as i redirected the conversation . ' 
 i have to kick you guys out in a minute , because i really have to use the bathroom . 
 but what 's the plan , so i know what to wear ? ' 
 ` we 're going shopping , ' sara announced . 
 ` and do n't you dare sulk . 
 you need some dresses . ' ' 
 i disagree , but ... whatever . ' 
 meg stood , ` hurry up and get ready . 
 we 're going to brunch before we shop . ' 
 serena hopped off the bed and followed after the girls . 
 she turned to me before she left and said , ' i like him , emma ... a lot . 
 and i think you know exactly what you feel for him . 
 stop fighting it . ' 
 she shut the door behind her , leaving me staring . 
 the bathroom door eased open , and evan stepped into the room just as i threw a pillow at him . 
 ` hey ! ' 
 he caught it with a quick laugh . 
 ` what was that for ? ' 
 ` you did n't have to listen , evan ! ' 
 i hissed , trying not to raise my voice . 
 he chuckled . 
 ` you were talking about me . 
 of course i was going to listen . ' 
 her face was flushed all the way down her neck . 
 ` they 're relentless , are n't they ? ' 
 i noted with a shake of my head . 
 ` i 'm glad i 'm not a girl . ' 
 emma whipped the blankets back and got out of bed . ' 
 i ca n't believe you heard that . ' 
 it was hard not to laugh at her dramatic reaction . 
 ` you knew i was listening , emma . 
 and it 's nice to know they do n't hate me . ' 
 ` why would they hate you ? ' 
 she asked . 
 ` you did n't do anything wrong . ' 
 i shrugged . ' 
 i know , but they 're protective of you , and if they did n't like me it would suck . ' 
 she grinned . 
 ` why do you want their approval ? ' 
 i 'd said too much . 
 ` no reason . ' 
 ` liar . ' 
 ` i 'm going out through the patio to take a walk on the beach , ' i announced suddenly . 
 ` we do n't want them to see me sneaking out of your room , do we ? 
 they may think we kissed or something . ' 
 she threw another pillow at me . 
 ` shut up , evan . ' 
 her cheeks were bright red . 
 i laughed , picking up my camera from her dresser . 
 ` have fun shopping . ' 
 she stuck her tongue out at me just as i took the shot . 
 i smiled at her small tantrum as she shut the bathroom door with force , adoring the fiery side that i had a tendency to bring out in her . 
 i was surprised that the girls had n't spotted my camera on the dresser or my bag sitting on the chaise . 
 they were probably too intent on drilling emma to even notice . 
 easing the gate open , i peered around the corner of the deck to make sure no one was outside . 
 i quickly crossed to the steps and reached the beach just as i heard the screen door sliding open . 
 ` hey ! ' 
 sara called out , stopping me in my tracks . 
 i reluctantly spun around , knowing i 'd been caught . 
 ` you just came from emma 's room , did n't you ? ' 
 she accused , her hands on her hips . 
 i shrugged guiltily . 
 ` evan , can we talk ? ' 
 ` sure , ' i said with a heavy breath . 
 sara hopped down the steps , and i began walking alongside her , bracing myself . 
 ` did anything happen between you and emma while i was away that i should know about ? ' 
 ` no , ' i answered . 
 ` nothing you should know about . ' 
 ` evan - ' she scowled - ` you know i just want to make sure she 's okay . ' ' 
 i know , sara . 
 i do . 
 i heard everything . ' 
 ` why did you stay in her room ? 
 i do n't understand what 's up with you two . ' 
 ` neither do i , ' i replied . 
 ` and i 'll tell you the same thing emma did - we 're just talking . 
 that 's it . 
 and i have no idea where it 's going , but please do n't force her to figure out what she feels for me . 
 i do n't want to push her away again , especially when i 'm getting to really know her for the first time ever . ' 
 sara drew her brows together . 
 ` what does that mean ? ' 
 i considered how to explain it . 
 'em ma 's not the same as she was a couple of weeks ago . 
 her eyes are n't vacant any more . 
 she does n't look like she 's about to break apart at any second . 
 i ca n't really say what happened , but she 's finally opening up and - ' ` becoming the emma we used to know ? ' 
 ` no . ' 
 i shook my head . 
 ` she 's not her either . 
 i do n't think she 'll ever be her again . 
 but i think she 's trying to heal , to be better . 
 she 's letting me in , and she 's never done that before . 
 she 's actually trusting me , and i do n't want to lose that because she 's afraid of what might or might not happen between us . 
 i know you care about her , and so do i . 
 but i 'm just asking you to back off a little . 
 let us figure it out . ' 
 ` do you trust her ? ' 
 sara asked . 
 i stared out at the ocean as we continued to walk . ' 
 i want to , ' i answered . ' 
 i really want to . ' 
 ` but you do n't , ' sara concluded , hearing the reluctance in my voice . 
 ` that 's not right evan . 
 you need to trust her enough to tell her what you went through when she left . 
 if you do n't tell her , then you 're doing the same thing she did to you . 
 she should know . ' 
 ` she 's already about to collapse from all the guilt that 's been dumped on her her entire life , ' i argued . 
 ` she already knows i have nightmares . 
 that 's enough . ' 
 sara 's eyes tightened slightly . 
 i hoped she would n't ask ... ` but you ca n't expect her to open up and trust you with emotions and thoughts she 's probably never expressed before , and then not trust her in return . ' 
 i hated it when sara was right . 
 i about freaked when i saw evan and sara returning together . 
 she knew he 'd been in my room . 
 i could tell when she shook her head at me as she climbed the steps to the deck . 
 i sunk down in the chair , averting my eyes . 
 i did n't get a chance to ask evan what they talked about before he , james and jared left for nate 's to help set up for another of their infamous parties . 
 when i returned from shopping with the girls , we spent the day on the beach . 
 i threw on a pair of jeans and a tank top , along with my black converse for the party . 
 sara scanned me up and down . 
 ` we just bought some amazing dresses today , and you 're wearing this ? 
 what am i going to do with you ? ' 
 she sighed . 
 ` love me for who i am , ' i replied with a smirk . ' 
 i do , ' serena chimed in . 
 ` serena , do n't encourage her , ' sara said . 
 ` besides , your wardrobe consists of black ... and black . ' 
 i interceded . ' 
 i think serena is very fashionable . ' 
 ` so do i , ' serena added defensively . 
 ` okay , i apologize , serena . 
 you do know how to mix up your black . 
 but i 'm sorry , em . 
 you need an intervention . ' 
 ` did james take your car , serena , or did they go in the scout ? ' 
 meg asked , avoiding any contribution to the attack on my fashion sense . 
 ` whose car is that anyway ? ' 
 serena asked . 
 ` it 's pretty cool . ' 
 i hesitated , not wanting to answer her . 
 sara 's eyes tightened when i spent way too much time tying my shoes . 
 'em ma thomas , talk , ' she demanded impatiently . 
 ` it 's evan 's , ' i muttered , slowly standing up . ' 
 i was wondering when we went to dinner last night , ' she said . 
 ` but why would evan need a car in california ? ' 
 the fact that i was holding my breath said everything . 
 ` no way . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 meg demanded , completely confused . 
 ` yes ! ' 
 serena practically leapt . 
 ` he 's staying ! ' 
 ` he 's what ? ' 
 meg questioned , gawking at me . 
 ` evan transferred to stanford , ' sara stated , still staring at me . 
 i nodded tentatively , waiting for her to explode . 
 ` of course he transferred to stanford . ' 
 ` why did you say it like that ? ' 
 i questioned . 
 ` because , it just makes sense , ' she said , nodding slowly . 
 ` the conversation my mother had with vivian last summer , about whether she should 've allowed him to go to stanford when he wanted to . 
 she also said that she was n't going to stand in his way this time , like he was going . 
 but that was last year , so when he did n't switch schools last fall , i did n't think too much about it . ' 
 ` so , he 's been planning to move here for a while now ? ' 
 meg concluded . 
 ` it was his first choice , ' i explained . 
 ` so were you , ' sara said , interrupting my breath . 
 ` do n't look at me like that , emma . 
 i think he would 've come out here sooner if his parents had n't basically locked him up . ' 
 ` what are you talking about ? ' 
 i demanded . 
 ` they did n't allow him access to his money , ' sara explained . 
 ` he did n't have a car on campus . 
 they essentially put him under state arrest . ' 
 ` they would n't let him travel ? ' 
 i asked in shock , knowing how much that must have pissed him off . 
 evan travelled . 
 that 's what he did , every opportunity he had . 
 so to be confined to connecticut must have felt like prison . 
 ` not for a while , i guess . 
 not until last summer , from what my mother told me . ' 
 wow , i mouthed . 
 i 'd interfered with his life so much more than i 'd intended . 
 'em ma , you did n't do that to him , ' she consoled . 
 ` that was his parents ' decision , okay ? 
 it 's not your fault , so stop thinking it is . ' 
 i nodded , trying to release the winding guilt . 
 ` but he needs to be the one to tell you all of this - ' sara sighed - ` not me . 
 he still should , even if you already know . 
 if you decide you want to start over with him , he has to be honest too . ' 
 my shoulders sank . 
 ` you 're right . ' 
 she usually was . 
 33 the pool thing the street was already lined with cars when we reached nate 's that afternoon . 
 our conversation about evan had delayed our departure . ' 
 i love this already , ' serena declared , shuffling through the crowd in the house to locate the source of the guitar riffs out back . 
 ` hey , emma ! ' 
 ren yelled from the bar across the room . 
 ` hey , ren ! ' 
 i waved without stopping , trying to keep up with serena . 
 we stepped onto the deck to discover girls in various state of dress surrounding the pool . 
 ` wow , some of these girls have no shame , ' meg surmised , scanning the oiled skin glistening in the sun . ' 
 i think they have confidence , ' serena countered . 
 ` why be ashamed ? ' 
 ` this coming from the girl with flawless alabaster skin , ' meg teased . 
 ` who is n't afraid to walk through the house nak * d , ' i reminded meg . 
 ` she just does that to piss peyton off . ' 
 meg laughed . 
 'em ma ! ' 
 tj hollered from the patio on the terrace below with a ridiculous smile on his face . 
 ` you 're here ! ' 
 ` yes , i am , ' i hollered back , laughing . 
 ` one of evan 's friends ? ' 
 sara noted . 
 i nodded . 
 ` finally , a party with decent music , ' serena admired , bobbing her head to the band set up on the patio . 
 ` c'mon . 
 let 's find the guys . ' 
 she grabbed my hand to lead me down the stairs . 
 ` do you want a drink ? ' 
 meg asked when we reached the patio . 
 ` yes , ' sara answered for all of us , heading towards the bar . 
 ` hey , guys , ' i said to nate and brent when we finally reached the front of the line . 
 ` we were wondering when you were going to show up , ' nate said , then noticed the girls next to me . 
 ` hi , i 'm nate . 
 and this is brent . ' 
 brent revealed his flirtatious smile and held out his hand when i returned the introduction . 
 'em ma , you look stunning , ' brent complimented . 
 ` thanks , ' i replied , smiling back . 
 the girls eyed me curiously . 
 ` what can i get you lovely ladies to drink ? ' 
 brent offered , rubbing his hands together . 
 ` surprise us , ' serena requested . 
 ` evan 's with james and jared . 
 they 're around here somewhere , ' nate informed us after brent had lined up our drinks on the bar . 
 ` thanks ! ' 
 serena replied . 
 she grabbed my arm with one hand while holding a blue-hued drink in her other . 
 we did n't have to look too hard . 
 they were the guys every girl seemed to be staring at . 
 it helped that they were also taller than just about everyone around them . 
 ` hey , ' i said , approaching evan . 
 his breathtaking smile appeared as he said , ` hi . 
 glad you 're here . ' 
 ` oh , we have to dance to this song , ' serena exclaimed , taking the drink out of my hand and giving it to evan before dragging me through the bodies towards the small stage . 
 i glanced back at him in apology . 
 evan grinned and shrugged . 
 in seconds the rocking crowd had swallowed us up . 
 serena picked a spot in front of the band and began jumping to a cover of a popular alt rock song . 
 uncertain how tender my cuts and blisters still were , i tentatively started bouncing on the balls of my feet . 
 ` c'mon , emma ! ' 
 realizing i could handle it , i pushed off with more force , jumping alongside serena as she thrust her arms in the air . 
 sara bounced her way towards us , her red hair flailing around her . 
 meg , who preferred her feet on the ground , laughed at our exuberance while rocking her hips . 
 ` i 'm not sure we 're going to see them again , ' jared said , watching sara as she pogoed , tossing her head from side to side . 
 ` the band will take a break eventually , ' i assured him . 
 ` what are they drinking ? ' 
 james asked , holding up the blue drink serena left with him . 
 ` it 's a girl drink , ' i explained . 
 ` the guys come up with a special drink for the girls each party . 
 it 's usually super sweet and full of alcohol . ' 
 james took a sip and cringed . 
 ` yeah , i 'll stick to beer . ' 
 i laughed . 
 ` how are things going with emma ? ' 
 jared asked , not taking his eyes off sara . 
 ` it 's complicated , ' i answered , taking a sip of my beer . 
 ` usually is with her , ' jared said , making james chuckle . 
 ` you 're not surprised ? ' 
 i asked james . 
 ` she 's ... different , ' he responded , choosing his words carefully . 
 ` but i like her . 
 she 's not predictable . ' 
 ` that she 's not . ' 
 ` that 's why evan likes her , ' jared commented with a half smile . 
 i let out a short laugh , recognizing the truth in his statement . 
 ` well , whatever you 've been doing , it seems to be working , because she does n't look so messed up . 
 she looks pretty good actually . ' 
 ` uh , nice , jared , ' i said with a shake of my head . 
 but he was right . 
 i watched as her cheeks glowed pink , laughing at serena jumping beside her . 
 i could n't deny that she was beautiful , even in just jeans and a tank top . 
 but then again , i thought the same thing when she woke up in the morning with her hair sticking up and pillow lines on her face . 
 ` hey , evan , ' tj bellowed across the pool , drawing my attention away from emma . 
 ` ren could use your help upstairs . ' 
 ` i 'll be right there , ' i yelled back . 
 ` i 'll see you guys later . ' 
 i looked down at the drink in my hand . 
 ` could you give this to emma ? ' 
 i handed it to james , who balanced both drinks on the palm of his hand . 
 i left them and headed into the house , where the demands of the party kept me busy for a while . 
 more people showed up for this party than for any of the others so far . 
 somehow , i 'd gotten suckered into helping once again , even though i had nothing to do with planning this party . 
 in fact , i was n't even staying in the house any more . 
 emma came over to say hi , but i was n't able to talk to her because it was so busy . 
 i tried to break away several times , but it just did n't happen . 
 i scanned the room in search of one of the guys , getting more irritated by the minute . 
 ` hi . ' 
 a slender blonde greeted me from the other side of the bar . 
 ` hi , ' i said , without really looking at her as i continued to keep an eye out for someone to take my place . 
 ` what can i get you ? ' 
 ` i 'll have a beer , ' she requested . 
 as i was reaching into the tub , she continued , ` you 're evan , right ? ' 
 ` yeah , ' i confirmed , flipping the top off the bottle and handing it to her . 
 ` i 'm nika . ' 
 she took the bottle from me . ' 
 i know you guys from surfing . ' 
 i finally focused on her , and vaguely recognized her dark brown eyes and sun-bleached hair . 
 i was pretty sure she was one of the girls brent kept trying to get a number from . 
 ` that 's right . 
 glad you could make it . ' 
 ` me too . ' 
 she smiled . 
 ` maybe i 'll talk to you later . ' 
 ` sure , ' i replied , looking past her to the guy in the baseball hat . 
 ` nice , evan , ' ren nudged , emptying ice into the tub . 
 ` what are you talking about , and where the hell have you been ? 
 i need to be done here . ' 
 ` come on , ' he said with a chuckle . 
 ` that girl 's totally into you . ' 
 ` whatever . 
 will you cover for me ? ' ' 
 i need to get some more ice , and then i 'll be right back , ' he promised . 
 when i was finally relieved at the bar , i cut through the tightly packed room to the deck . 
 i searched the faces until i located emma and meg on the far side of the pool , talking and laughing about something . 
 i made my way down the stairs towards them . 
 nika suddenly appeared in front of me when i stepped onto the patio . ' 
 i was wondering if you were ever going to come out from behind the bar . ' 
 ` oh , hey , it 's good to see you again , ' i told her , glancing around for emma in the dense crowd around the pool . 
 ` are you staying at this house with the rest of the guys ? ' 
 she enquired , apparently determined to have a conversation . 
 ` i 'm staying at a place about five minutes from here . ' 
 ` is it just as nice ? ' 
 ` um , it 's a great place , right on the beach , ' i explained , trying to give her enough eye contact so that i was n't insulting her , while subtly tracing along the pool 's edge for a purple top and short brown hair . 
 ` i 'd love to see it , ' nika stated . 
 she was a very attractive girl , and if i were brent , i 'd be thrilled she was giving me the time of day - but i was n't brent , and she was the wrong girl . 
 ` maybe we 'll have a party sometime , ' i told her . 
 ` do you know emma thomas ... from surfing ? ' 
 ` uh , yeah . 
 i actually just brought her here a few days ago , after we found her on the beach . ' 
 ` well , i 'm glad you were there to help her out . ' 
 ` she 's dating cole , right ? ' 
 ` no . 
 she 's not , ' i replied . 
 my jaw twitched slightly just thinking about them together . 
 ` she 's staying at the same house i am . 
 does she have your number ? ' ' 
 i think she does , ' she responded , with an undertone of disappointment . 
 ` are you - ' ` evan ! ' 
 serena beckoned from behind nika . 
 serena 's eyes flickered between the two of us , silently assessing . 
 ` we were looking for you . ' 
 ` sorry , i 've been stuck upstairs , ' i told her . 
 ` hi , i 'm serena , ' she said to nika , sliding in beside me and wrapping her arms around mine . 
 not waiting for nika to be introduced , she continued , ` i 'm going to steal evan now . ' 
 before she could drag me away , i heard a quick yelp , followed by a splash in the pool . 
 ` oh no , ' serena groaned , pulling me after her . ' 
 i ca n't believe i did n't see that coming , ' i gasped as meg popped up next to me . ' 
 i think you were a little distracted , ' meg teased . 
 ` and now i 'm one up on you . ' ' 
 i do n't know what you 're talking about , ' i defended , my face flaming up at being caught watching evan talk to nika . 
 a spray of water interrupted us when someone else jumped into the pool . 
 tj surfaced , wearing his charismatic smile . 
 ` want some company ? ' 
 he asked , swimming across to us . 
 and just like that , bodies began crashing into the water with hollers and cries of resistance . 
 guys wrestled each other into the pool , landing on screaming girls . 
 i ducked under the surface , trying to reach the ladder and remove myself from the chaos . 
 i reached for the rung of the ladder just as someone grabbed my ankle and pulled me back under . 
 i kicked to the surface , and when i spun around to see who 'd done it , i noticed brent swimming away . 
 i turned back towards the ladder and came face to face with evan . 
 he seemed just as startled as i was . 
 ` hi . ' 
 he smiled , causing my heart to stutter as the water dripped from his dishevelled brown hair down his chiselled face . 
 ` hi , ' i said , with a blushing grin . ' 
 i heard you did this , ' he said , nodding towards the havoc in the pool . 
 ` this one was meg ! ' 
 i defended myself . 
 i was nudged towards evan by two guys who were struggling to dunk each other . 
 he slid back to the corner to avoid them . 
 i floated after him . 
 ` meg does n't seem the type to start trouble . ' 
 he moved over to allow room for me along the wall . 
 ` oh , and i am ? ' 
 i said , trying to sound offended . 
 evan smirked . 
 ` yeah , you have a reputation . 
 and this is n't the first time i 've ended up in the pool with my clothes on because of you . ' 
 ` true , ' i replied , a flush rising to my cheeks . 
 i could n't look away from his steel-blue eyes as he drifted closer . 
 he lingered in front of me , scanning my face like he was looking for an answer ... or permission . 
 my pulse raced when he set his hand on my hip . 
 i gripped the side of the pool to keep afloat . 
 i could n't breathe as he moved closer - and then he was gone . 
 i whipped around in search of him . 
 ` hey , emma . ' 
 brent smiled from where evan used to be . 
 and then he was dragged under himself . 
 this was my cue to get out of the pool , needing some distance after yet another moment with evan . 
 ` how did you not get thrown in ? ' 
 i asked serena and sara , who sat in chairs around a table , observing the bedlam . 
 sara 's eyes glinted . 
 ` they know better . ' 
 ` but you look ridiculous , ' serena laughed , pointing to the jeans that hung from my hips , the weight of the water stretching them over my shoes . 
 i attempted to pull them up , but it was useless . 
 ` time to go ? ' 
 meg confirmed from behind me . ' 
 i think you 've made your contribution to the party , ' serena stated , handing her keys to meg . 
 ` but i 'm going to stay a while longer . ' 
 ` me too , ' sara added . 
 ` well ... have fun , ' i said . 
 meg and i left the girls and walked along the edge of the house . 
 ` are you leaving ? ' 
 evan called after us , running to catch up . 
 i indicated my uncooperative jeans with a slight tug and said , ' i ca n't stay like this . 
 we 're heading back to the house . 
 we 'll see you there . ' 
 ` i 'll come back with you . 
 actually , i 'll meet you out front . 
 i 'm going to give my key to sara so she and serena can get back later with the guys . ' 
 ` okay , ' emma replied , continuing towards the front of the house . 
 i found sara and serena seated by the posts of the deck , laughing at the spectacle . 
 ` sara , use my truck whenever you want to drive back , ' i told her , handing her the key . 
 ` how are you getting there ? ' 
 she questioned curiously . 
 ` i 'm leaving now with meg and emma . ' 
 serena grinned . 
 i could only imagine what she was thinking . 
 ` okay . 
 i guess we 'll see you in a bit , ' sara replied . 
 i took off to find meg and emma , but stopped short when i reached the sidewalk . 
 the girls were removing their jeans and placing them in a black trash bag . 
 ` hey , evan . ' 
 meg noticed me . 
 ` no wet shorts in the car - it 's our rule . ' 
 ` huh ? ' 
 i responded , having a hard time taking my eyes off emma 's exposed legs . 
 i blinked and focused on meg 's face . 
 ` you need to take off your jeans if you 're getting in the car , ' she explained . 
 i raised my eyebrows . 
 ` or you do n't have to drive back with us , ' emma stated . 
 she had to know exactly what seeing her standing in just a tank top and her underwear was doing to me . 
 this ride might kill me . 
 ` no , it 's ... okay , ' i conceded reluctantly . 
 i took a quick breath and peeled off my jeans , dropping them in the bag meg held open , and placing my shoes in the trunk among the cleats and soccer balls . 
 with my eyes on emma , i said , ` you know what , you might as well as have this wet shirt too . ' 
 emma stared at me with her mouth open . 
 meg looked between us , shaking her head . 
 ` whatever . ' 
 ` you 're evil , ' emma grumbled . 
 ` hey , you broke the truce , ' i grinned , stripping my shirt off . 
 i laughed when emma turned her back to me , concealing her flushed cheeks . 
 ` you can drive , ' meg said , handing me the key before throwing the trash bag in the trunk . 
 emma sat on the passenger side , waiting . 
 i caught a glimpse of her lean , muscular legs leading up to the black fabric of her underwear . 
 meg climbed into the back while i held the seat forward . 
 i was oblivious to her revealed skin as she scooted by me , too distracted by the half-naked body in the front seat . 
 ` why are you driving ? ' 
 emma demanded in a panic when i got in the car . 
 i shrugged . 
 ` meg asked me to . ' 
 ` meg ! ' 
 emma groaned . 
 ` what did i do ? ' 
 meg asked , completely confused . 
 ` what is wrong with you guys ? 
 it 's not like you 're nak * d. stop acting weird and just drive , evan . ' 
 emma turned her attention away from me . 
 the radio blared when i started the car . 
 emma whipped around and shouted at the same time as meg , ` david bowie ! ' 
 but then emma finished with , ' `` young americans '' . ' 
 ` you suck , ' meg shot back . ' 
 i could n't get the song out fast enough . ' 
 i had no idea what just happened . 
 all i knew was that emma 's thigh was suddenly inches from my hand on the stick shift - and i could n't breathe . 
 i forced my eyes to remain on the road . 
 any diversion in my current attire would not be good . 
 ` what was that about ? ' 
 ` it 's what we do when the car starts or someone changes the station ; we see who can name the artist and song the fastest , ' meg explained . 
 ` it 's just something between emma and me . ' 
 ` like the pool thing ? ' 
 ` exactly . ' 
 emma laughed . 
 ` like the pool thing . ' 
 her laugh made me glance over at her - bad idea . 
 all i could see was skin . 
 i tightened my grip on the steering wheel , fighting for control . 
 what the hell was i going to do when i saw her in a bathing suit ? 
 when we pulled into the driveway , i released the air in my lungs . 
 i let meg and emma go in ahead of me , offering to get the bag of clothes from the trunk to give myself time to recover . 
 the girls were in the living room by the time i 'd changed into dry clothes . 
 ` evan , do you want to watch a movie when everyone gets back ? ' 
 meg asked . 
 ` sure , ' i responded . 
 ` are you guys hungry ? ' 
 ` what are you cooking ? ' 
 emma asked excitedly . 
 ` nothing , ' i answered with a chuckle . 
 ` thought we 'd order pizza . 
 or maybe you could cook . ' 
 ` pizza ! ' 
 meg declared . 
 'em ma will burn the house down . ' 
 ` hey ! ' 
 emma shot back . 
 ` i 've mastered grilled cheese . ' 
 ` that 's a feat , ' i teased . 
 emma picked up a pillow and threw it at me . 
 i easily caught it , laughing . 
 my mind wandered to the pillow fight emma and i 'd had years ago . 
 i was tempted to retaliate to make it happen again . 
 ` so , evan , i heard you 're a stanford boy now , ' meg said , redirecting my attention . 
 evan turned towards meg , taking his taunting grin with him . 
 i had a feeling i knew what he was thinking about , clutching that pillow in his hand . 
 ` yeah , i guess i am . ' 
 everyone else arrived right after the pizza did . 
 and thankfully we 'd ordered a lot . 
 jared and james practically ate an entire pizza each . 
 i sat on the plush rug in front of the couch after we 'd finished eating , while evan stood in front of the tv , flipping through the movie titles on the screen . 
 ` come on , meg , ' serena called to her , plopping down on james 's lap on the love seat , hanging her long legs over the other side of the arm . 
 sara giggled at something jared whispered in her ear - which was exactly why i 'd chosen the floor . 
 meg plopped down next to them with a huge bowl of popcorn as evan selected the movie . 
 ` you can sit on the chair , ' he encouraged when he turned to find me on the rug . 
 ` i 'm comfortable , ' i assured him , clutching a pillow to my chest . 
 evan hesitated , then sat down in the chair himself and clicked off the light . 
 the images from the television filled the room with moving light . 
 there was another low giggle behind me , and i scooted closer to evan 's chair , leaning against the space next to his legs . 
 as the movie progressed , exhaustion settled in . 
 i dozed off with my face leaning against evan 's leg . 
 when i woke , the room was dark , and i was lying on the bed . 
 i felt evan 's breath on my neck , and with my lips turned up ever so faintly , i settled back to sleep within his embrace . 
 34 just do n't think about it ' i do n't think i should sleep in here any more , ' evan announced as soon as i stepped out of the bathroom . 
 i stared at him in confusion . 
 ` you do n't want to sleep with me any more ? ' 
 evan let out an awkward laugh . 
 ` that 's the problem . ' 
 ` what do you mean ? ' 
 evan smoothed the covers over his lap , leaning his head back against the headboard to scan the ceiling , struggling with how to explain it to me . 
 ` just tell me . ' 
 i sat on the edge of the bed next to his feet . 
 ` it 's ... difficult , ' he muttered . 
 ` we 're still figuring everything out ... this thing between us . 
 but when the only time i get to touch you is in this bed , listening to you breathe , smelling your hair , feeling your ... it 's ... not easy . ' 
 ` oh , ' i uttered , hit in the face with his meaning . 
 my heart thrust to life at just the thought of his warm body pressed against my back . 
 ` yeah , i know . ' 
 ` so , it would probably be best if i slept upstairs from now on , ' he repeated . 
 ` um , okay , ' i said hesitantly . 
 ` if that 's what you think . ' 
 ` you do n't ? ' 
 he questioned in surprise . 
 ` am i the only one being tortured here ? ' 
 heat spread across my face as i shook my head . 
 ` it 's hard enough not to kiss you - ' evan began . 
 ` okay , i understand , ' i said in a rush , not wanting him to continue , not wanting the thought of kissing him in my head . 
 i clenched my eyes closed - too late . 
 ` so , i 'll take my stuff upstairs . ' 
 he said it as a statement , but there was this hint of questioning in his tone that made me look up at him . 
 ` yup , ' i answered awkwardly . 
 evan grabbed his bag from the chaise and his camera from the dresser . 
 he hesitated at the door , gave me a tight smile , and shut it behind him . 
 i collapsed on the bed , relieving my lungs with the air they were deprived of during that exchange . 
 what had just happened ? 
 we basically admitted to wanting each other , without saying we wanted each other . 
 that was the most awkward moment ... ever . 
 sara entered without knocking and closed the door behind her . 
 she sat down next to my sprawled body . 
 ` so , i just saw evan walk by with his bag , ' she said . 
 ` did you get in a fight or something ? ' 
 ` no . ' 
 i sighed . 
 ` then what 's going on ? ' 
 i stalled a moment . 
 ` do you remember in high school when you asked me if i thought i 'd have sex with evan , when we first started dating ? 
 after you asked , that 's all i could think about , because you made me think about it . ' 
 sara started laughing . 
 ` yeah , that was hysterical . 
 you could n't even function around him for like a week , and i was convinced your face was going to remain red forever . ' 
 ` yeah , ' i mumbled . 
 ` anyway ... ' ` wait , did you have sex with evan ? ' 
 ` no , ' i shot back loudly . 
 ` but you want to ? ' 
 she blurted again , not allowing me to explain . 
 i buried my face in the blanket and screamed in frustration . 
 ` omigod , you do , ' sara concluded . 
 ` wow . 
 i did n't think you two were there yet . ' 
 ` we 're not really anywhere ... yet , ' i argued . 
 ` it 's just ... well , he wo n't be sleeping in here any more . ' 
 sara produced a wide smile . 
 ` right . ' 
 ` sara , stop looking at me like that . ' 
 ` you two are ridiculous . 
 figure your shit out so you can get on with your lives together already . ' 
 she gave me a weirdly sympathetic look , then got up from the bed . 
 ` the girls will be here soon . 
 we figured we 'd spend the day on the beach . ' 
 i nodded faintly , still stunned by how forward she was with things that i still could n't admit to myself . 
 and just like that ... we were back in high school again . 
 i could n't look at evan , or be within three feet of him , without my body kicking into hyper-alert . 
 i could n't stop thinking about him , even when he was standing right in front of me . 
 and , basically , my conflicted brain was n't capable of doing anything about it . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 i called to her again as she stared off in the distance . 
 she blinked her eyes , snapping out of it . 
 ` huh ? ' 
 she gazed up at me with her brown eyes wide and cheeks pink . 
 ` the girls were looking for you , ' i told her . 
 ` they 're in the kitchen getting lunch together . ' 
 ` okay , thanks , ' she said quickly , shifting her eyes away from mine before slipping off the hammock . 
 she ran her fingers through her hair to flatten it , still unable to look at me . 
 i watched her curiously as she entered the house . 
 'em ma , ' sara said impatiently , ` go shower and then come help us . ' 
 ` i 'm going , ' i heard emma reply . 
 as i walked into the house , i could hear the sound of the cabinets closing in the kitchen . 
 ` they 're going to be okay , right ? ' 
 serena asked . 
 with the music playing in the living room , they obviously had n't heard me come in . 
 not sure what to do , i turned and started for the stairs . 
 ` they 'll figure out they ca n't live without each other eventually , ' sara concluded . 
 they were oblivious , not realizing that their voices carried through the kitchen opening , echoing off the tall ceilings . 
 they had no idea how well they could be heard out here . 
 ` really ? 
 you think they 're going to forgive and forget ? ' 
 meg questioned sceptically . ' 
 i think they 're only going to keep hurting each other if they ca n't just be frickin ' honest . 
 emma 's two steps from going over a cliff if she does n't open up and let someone help her . ' 
 i grabbed the railing as i tripped on a step . 
 ` that 's not true . 
 she 's getting better . 
 i can tell , ' serena said passionately . 
 ` besides , it 's obvious they love each other . 
 i mean , look at them . 
 she was only half a person when they were apart . 
 she 's different now . ' 
 ` and what happens if he does n't forgive her ? 
 and ends up walking away ? ' 
 meg challenged . 
 ` dude , what are you doing ? ' 
 jared asked from the top of the stairs . 
 i stared up at him and clenched my teeth , silently begging him to keep his mouth shut . 
 we both overheard sara say , ' i wish we could force them to be completely honest with each other . ' 
 jared laughed . 
 ` you 're listening to them talk about you . 
 nice . ' 
 i rushed up the stairs , convinced they 'd heard him . 
 ` shut up , jared . 
 i was n't doing it on purpose . ' 
 ` yeah , right , ' he chided . 
 ` you were totally eavesdropping . 
 but i do n't blame you . 
 i mean , if they were talking about me , i 'd absolutely listen . 
 wait . 
 were they talking about me ? ' 
 ` no , ' i said , with a shake of my head . 
 ` you 're evidently not as f ** ked up as emma and me . 
 besides , i would n't stick around to listen to sara go on about how incredible you are . ' 
 ` she said that ? ' 
 he grinned proudly . 
 ` no , ' i scoffed . 
 ` if you 're done eavesdropping , i brought that huge duffle bag with the sports gear that you asked me to bring . 
 wan na toss a football around or something ? 
 i think james is out on the beach already . ' 
 ` sure , but let me see if the girls are all set first . ' 
 i headed back down stairs noisily , so that this time they knew we were coming . 
 the girls were eerily quiet when i poked my head into the kitchen . 
 ` need any help ? ' 
 meg and sara kept their expressions neutral , but serena 's eyes sparkled mischievously . 
 i looked at her questioningly . 
 a smile broke across her face , which prompted a sharp elbow jab from meg . 
 ` ow ! 
 what was that for ? ' 
 ` no , we 're all set for now , ' sara told me . 
 ` you guys can bring everything out in a little bit . ' 
 ` we 'll be on the beach , ' i said , leaving them to continue contemplating our fate . 
 i eyed the dress sara had hung on the back of the bathroom door . 
 i used to enjoy raiding sara 's closet and letting her style me - as terrifying as it was at times . 
 but now it was n't the same . 
 i was n't the same . 
 i had n't worn a dress since that night - except to my mother 's funeral . 
 and considering i could barely function , i did n't exactly have a choice . 
 i knew she was trying to reach me , to make me better somehow . 
 ` oh , sara . ' 
 i sighed , pulling it off the hanger . 
 ` i 'll wear the dress . ' 
 after drying my hair and tugging the short skirt one more time , i found the girls in the kitchen . 
 sara 's eyes lit up when she saw me - and that look was worth the discomfort . 
 ` so , what do you need me to do ? ' 
 ` take this out to the table , ' meg instructed , handing me a pitcher and cups . 
 ` hey , ' jared said from the patio door . 
 ` sara , i got your text . 
 what do you need help with ? ' 
 ` we 're getting ready to eat , so can you and the guys bring everything out to the table ? 
 and can you put the umbrella up ? ' 
 ` no problem . ' 
 i walked up the stairs after jared told us lunch was ready . 
 i just about fell over when i saw emma leaning up on her toes , helping jared secure the umbrella with the pin . 
 she was wearing a white strapless dress with yellow flowers printed on it . 
 i ran my eyes down her slender arms , extended above her , to the soft angles of her shoulders . 
 the fabric clung to her curves until it flared out to reveal the length of her sculpted legs . 
 i finally got ` do you need help ? ' 
 out of my mouth . 
 but they were done . 
 emma turned towards me ; her cheeks flushed with colour and she smiled slightly . 
 i grinned and got caught in her eyes before i heard jared say impatiently , ` evan ? 
 hello ? 
 go inside and get food . ' 
 ` all right , ' i said . ' 
 i like the dress , ' i whispered as i passed her . 
 she ran a hand down its skirt , trying to add another inch to its revealing hemline . 
 ` evan , bring out the tray of sandwiches , ' sara instructed . 
 each of the girls passed me with something in her hands . 
 by the time i 'd returned with the tray , there was only one place left to sit - and i should n't have been surprised that it was the one next to emma . 
 if this was their way of backing off , the girls needed a few tips on subtlety . 
 emma leaned away from me when i sat down . 
 i glanced at her out of the corner of my eye , and she kept fidgeting , like she was nervous to be near me . 
 it reminded of that time in high school ... i started laughing . 
 ` what 's so funny ? ' 
 serena asked . 
 i shook my head . 
 ` nothing . 
 would you mind handing me the pitcher ? ' 
 we were clearing the table after lunch when his chest brushed against my back as he leaned over to pick up the bowl of chips . 
 ` excuse me , ' he said in my ear , sending a thrilling shiver down my spine . 
 i glanced over at him , and he grinned that amused grin that sent a shot of adrenaline straight to my heart . 
 i leaned away , needing space between us before my knees gave out . 
 he smiled wider . 
 ` are you going tell me what 's so funny ? ' 
 i asked . 
 ` you , ' he answered and walked away . 
 i scowled and watched him as he left , not liking his answer . 
 ` what 's wrong ? ' 
 meg asked , following my gaze . 
 i shook off her question and handed her a stack of plates . 
 when the girls came back out , sara was gripping the handle of a small metal case . 
 evan exited with james and jared a moment later , spinning a football on his palm . 
 ` you girls want to play football ? ' 
 evan offered . 
 i opened my mouth to accept , but sara intercepted with , ` no , you guys go ahead . 
 we 're having girl time . ' 
 ` girl time ? ' 
 i questioned warily . 
 ` yes , ' meg replied . 
 ` pedicures . 
 what colour polish do you want , emma ? ' 
 i watched enviously as the guys continued down to the beach , jared jogging out for a pass . 
 ` how about pink ? ' 
 sara suggested . ' 
 i do n't do pink any more , ' i blurted quickly . 
 and sara knew this . 
 ` maybe it 's time you gave it another try too , ' she said , looking me directly in the eye . ' 
 i think you would look good in pink , ' serena noted sweetly . ' 
 i think you would look good in colour , ' sara said , directing her attention to serena . 
 ` would you please let me do a makeover for you ? ' 
 ` no thanks , sara , ' serena replied . 
 ` i 'm fond of my monochromatic individuality . ' 
 sara sighed . 
 ` will you at least let me paint your toes red ? ' 
 ` yes , that you can do . ' 
 serena smiled . 
 ` how about purple for me ? ' 
 i suggested to meg , who was filtering through sara 's caddy of polish . 
 ` and , sara , who brings a box of nail polish on vacation ? ' 
 ` what are we doing tonight ? ' 
 meg asked . 
 ` let 's see if the guys want to hang out , ' sara said . 
 ` we can play cards or something . ' 
 ` or we could play truth or dare ! ' 
 serena suggested . 
 ` because we 're twelve ? ' 
 meg responded , shooting her down . 
 ` why not poker ? ' 
 i offered , sitting back in the lounge chair to give meg access to my toes . 
 ` oh , and meg , i 'll do your toes . 
 emma sucks at it , ' sara announced . 
 she was right . 
 i could n't paint my toes without getting it on the surrounding skin , no matter how much i concentrated . 
 i could paint the smallest details of a tree on a canvas , but i could n't master my toes - as pathetic as that was . 
 ` what about strip poker ? ' 
 serena chirped . 
 ` what is it with you and these games ? ' 
 meg demanded . 
 ` you have a boyfriend . 
 why would you want to get nak * d in front of other guys , or see them nak * d ? ' 
 ` it 's more about the truth part , ' serena said carefully . 
 sara suddenly stopped what she was doing . 
 ` come with me , serena , ' she ordered . 
 'em , you stay here and finish your toes . 
 we 'll right back . ' 
 ` i 'll be right there . 
 i 'm going to get james , ' serena replied . 
 ` what the hell just happened ? ' 
 i asked , completely lost and slightly annoyed . 
 ` we forgot we were going to make dessert , and since you suck at cooking too , just hang out here . ' 
 meg lied terribly . 
 they were up to something . 
 that much was obvious . 
 i was just afraid to find out what it was . 
 jogging up the steps in search of water , i found emma with her knee bent and her short dress tucked between her legs , concentrating on painting her toes . 
 she grimaced in frustration and wiped the toe clean with a damp tissue . 
 ` stupid toes . 
 who cares if they 're painted anyway ? ' 
 she huffed under her breath . 
 the corner of my mouth rose . 
 ` where are the girls ? ' ' 
 i do n't know , ' she griped . 
 ` conspiring or something . ' 
 ` need some help ? ' 
 i asked , nodding towards her toes . 
 ` you really want to paint my toes ? ' ' 
 i could probably do a better job than you are , ' i teased , making her narrow her eyes at me . 
 ` go for it , ' she said , thrusting the purple bottle at me . 
 i sat at the bottom of the lounge chair . 
 ` purple , huh ? ' 
 i noted . 
 ` not pink ? ' 
 a rush of colour filled her face . ' 
 i have n't ... ' she looked away . 
 ` pink 's my chocolate , ' she whispered . 
 i raised my eyes to meet hers . 
 the sorrow that reflected in them was difficult to witness . 
 i nodded in understanding and looked back down at her feet , not knowing what to say . 
 i gently set her foot against my leg and dabbed the brush on the lip of the bottle . 
 ` here , ' i said , handing her the bottle so i could hold her toe . 
 i bent over and concentrated on her feet , doing my best not to glance at the legs attached to them . 
 when i looked up to get more polish , emma was watching me , intent and perfectly still . 
 i grinned and her cheeks pinked . 
 the colour still looked stunning on her , regardless . 
 ` you can breathe , emma , ' i teased . 
 ` stop thinking about me nak * d and breathe . ' 
 ` evan ! ' 
 she hollered , yanking her foot away . 
 i started laughing . 
 i knew if she 'd had something to throw at me , she would 've . 
 then i eyed the nail-polish bottle in her hand and jumped up . 
 ` do n't throw that at me , ' i begged . ' 
 i was just messing with you . 
 you 've been so tense since our talk this morning . 
 i figured i 'd make you relax a little . ' 
 ` that 's not how you do it , ' she lectured , crossing her arms defiantly . 
 i chuckled . 
 ` stop thinking about it , ' i told her , trying to keep my tone light . 
 ` it 'll only make it worse . 
 think about every reason why i wo n't kiss you . ' 
 her eyes dipped . 
 ` right , ' she whispered , her shoulders sinking . 
 i grimaced . 
 wrong thing to say . ' 
 i did n't mean it like that . 
 i just meant - ' ` it 's okay , ' she said , raising her eyes to me . 
 i smiled apologetically . 
 ` will you please finish my toes ? ' 
 ` sure . 
 i only have a couple left . ' 
 i sat back down and eased emma 's foot onto my thigh . 
 ` what the hell are you doing , evan ? ' 
 i looked up to find sara glaring at me like i was violating some girl code or something . 
 ` finishing what you started , ' i told her , painting the last toe . 
 i eased emma 's foot onto the chair , before twisting the brush in the bottle . 
 ` there you go . 
 all ... purple . ' 
 emma smiled softly , meeting my gaze . 
 ` thank you , ' she said sincerely . 
 i nodded and took off into the house . 
 ` hey , evan , ' meg called to me as i passed her and serena on the couch . 
 ` do you think the guys would be up for playing cards tonight ? ' ' 
 i can ask . ' 
 they looked at each other in a mischievous exchange . 
 emma was right . 
 they were up to something . 
 35 brutal honesty ` tj , we are not listening to that shit all night , ' jared threatened , setting a speaker from the entertainment room on the patio . 
 ` we 'll let the girls decide , ' tj stated . 
 ` and where are they ? 
 thought you 'd show up together . ' 
 ` they 're on their way . 
 and you 're going to be outnumbered , tj , ' i told him . 
 ` meg 's the only one who 's going to be on your side . ' 
 ` sara - ' ` has a wall of electric guitars , ' jared finished . 
 ` whatever . 
 we 'll put your music on when they get here , ' tj conceded reluctantly . 
 ` welcome , ladies . ' 
 i could hear brent in the kitchen , greeting the girls in his ineffectively flirtatious tone . 
 ` hope you 're ready for margaritas and poker . ' 
 ` which is now . ' 
 jared smirked at tj , and the music instantly changed . 
 the screen on the deck slid open , and brent led the girls down to the patio , carrying two pitchers . 
 i was pushing in chairs around the poker table when emma came into view . 
 i knew i should keep my distance . 
 but it was virtually impossible . 
 i was drawn to her , needing to be near her , whether it was the right thing or not . 
 ` hi , ' i said with a grin when she reached the bottom step . 
 ` hi . ' 
 she smiled brightly . ' 
 i still think we should play strip poker , ' brent announced , setting a pitcher of margaritas on each table . ' 
 i like that idea ! ' 
 serena declared . 
 emma looked at both of them like they were crazy . 
 ` what , em ?! 
 regular poker can be so boring if you suck . 
 this could make it more interesting . ' 
 ` i 've told you how much i love you , right ? ' 
 brent told serena , putting his arm around her shoulder . 
 then he eyed james staring him down , and moved away . 
 ` sorry , man . ' 
 ` you actually want to play strip poker ? ' 
 i asked , waiting for james to react . 
 he did n't . 
 ` serena has no objection to walking around nude , ' meg offered as an explanation . 
 ` strip poker ? ' 
 jared questioned , not exactly sold on the idea either . 
 ` with a twist , ' serena suddenly added . 
 ` we play five-card draw . 
 you can replace all of your cards except for one , then everyone lays them down , and whoever wins chooses two people . 
 these people can elect to remove an article of clothing or answer a difficult question , ' james suddenly explained . 
 ` you 're in on this ? ' 
 i blurted . 
 ` serena brought it up , and i suggested a few rule changes so there 's an option to keep clothes on , ' he said nonchalantly . 
 ` not exactly stoked about having my girl nak * d in front of these guys , no matter how comfortable she is in her skin . 
 and another rule : if you touch a girl , i break your face . ' 
 he stared at brent , whose eager smile deflated . 
 ` sure , why not . ' 
 emma and jared both did n't look very happy with sara agreeing to this . 
 ` do n't worry . 
 i 'm good at poker , remember ? ' 
 sara assured jared . 
 ` you 'd better be prepared to be very honest tonight , ' jared said . 
 sara kissed him on the cheek and smiled . ' 
 i told you they were up to something , ' emma murmured under her breath . 
 ` we do n't have to play , ' i offered . 
 ` it 's okay , ' she assured me . 
 ` everyone seems to want to do it , so why not ? 
 i can answer questions , i guess . ' 
 the honesty part was probably going to be harder for emma than taking off her clothes . 
 ` are you sure ? ' 
 ` yeah , it 'll be fine , ' she responded without conviction . 
 ` tj ! ' 
 two girls squealed from the top step . 
 ` hey ! ' 
 tj hollered back . 
 ` perfect timing . 
 we 're about to play a new game . 
 it 's a version of strip poker , with truth or dare thrown in . ' 
 ` strip or truth , ' nate presented . 
 ` ooh , sounds fun ! ' 
 the girl with the high ponytail exclaimed with way too much excitement . 
 ` see , they do sell shorts that short , ' emma mumbled next to me . 
 ` they looked better on you , ' i said automatically . 
 she smacked my arm and walked away . 
 ` who are those girls ? ' 
 sara asked meg as i approached them by the poker tables . ' 
 i do n't know . 
 friends of tj 's , i guess , ' meg said . 
 ` do we still want to do this ? ' 
 ` if this is your idea of making things somehow better between us , then it sucks , ' i interjected . 
 ` it 's just a game , ' sara said , trying to convince me . 
 ` it wo n't be some tortured confess-your-sins thing , i promise . ' 
 people began to sit while tj made the introductions . 
 ` this is darcy and kim . 
 darcy and kim , this is ... everyone . ' 
 ` hi , ' they waved in unison , flanking tj . 
 ` would it be okay if we shut off the lights ? ' 
 emma requested . 
 nate shut off the patio and pool lights , plunging us into the dark of the hills until he lit a couple of candles . 
 this allowed everyone 's faces to be seen , only giving a hint to what lay below the shoulders . 
 ` better ? ' 
 sara asked . 
 ` are you going to play ? ' 
 i bit my lip , and nodded . 
 but i was n't sure what was going to be more torturous , seeing evan without a shirt , or having to be completely honest about humiliating moments in my life . 
 ` will you just answer questions with me ? ' 
 i leaned over and asked evan , who was seated beside me . 
 he grinned . 
 ` yeah , i can do that . ' 
 i was trying to counter the girls ' not-so-subtle attempts to interfere with what was happening between evan and me . 
 as much as it was comforting that the girls cared and wanted me to be happy , they really had no idea just how complicated things were . ' 
 a five-articles-of-clothing limit , and we have to alternate seats , boy/girl , ' serena explained . 
 ` but i only have on one , ' the blonde in the yellow dress pouted . 
 sara opened her mouth to say something , and from the glint in her eyes , it was n't to offer her more clothes . 
 tj interrupted her assault with , ` you can count shoes and earrings , kim . ' 
 ` oh , good idea . 
 thanks , tj ! ' 
 emma covered her mouth , trying to stifle a laugh . 
 nate shuffled two decks together , and i noticed emma bouncing her leg anxiously , biting at her lip . 
 ` here , this will help . ' 
 brent handed her a margarita , pulling in his chair so it about touched hers . 
 emma hesitated , then took a large gulp . 
 i shot brent a warning glance , and he scooted his chair a few inches towards kim . 
 tj 's ` friends ' seemed more interested in taking off their clothes than answering questions , so in no time , they were stripped down and in the pool , with tj and brent in quick pursuit . 
 so far , the questions had n't been horribly invasive , but then again , i had n't been asked any either . 
 then , with serena 's first win , she asked , 'em ma and evan , strip or truth ? ' 
 i braced myself . 
 ` truth . ' 
 ` truth , ' evan concurred . 
 ` what was your favourite high-school moment ? ' 
 serena asked , eyeing the two of us . 
 she was really doing this to me , was n't she ? 
 ` that 's not a very revealing question , ' darcy complained . 
 ` hey ! 
 no feedback from the nak * d losers in the pool ! ' 
 sara hollered . 
 i knew what she was doing , trying to get me to recall a moment with evan , but i was n't going to give in to her ploy . 
 ` the night of my first football game . 
 i stayed at sara 's , and she performed one of her notorious makeovers . 
 i even let her cut my hair . ' 
 ` you did that ? ' 
 evan said to sara . 
 ` yes , i did , ' sara said proudly . 
 ` nice . ' 
 evan nodded , his eyes distant in remembrance . 
 ` the night pink became my favourite colour . ' 
 i sat very still , trying hard not to react . 
 sara smiled , her eyes twinkling . 
 ` my fault . ' 
 evan laughed lightly . 
 i needed to cool my cheeks with the frozen drink . 
 evan was playing right into their meddling . 
 ` what are you doing ? ' 
 i pleaded . 
 his eyes flickered in confusion . 
 ` evan ? ' 
 serena prompted , pulling him away from trying to read my expression . 
 ` what was yours ? ' 
 ` my favourite moment was n't actually at school . 
 it was the night of sats . ' 
 before i could elaborate , emma started coughing loudly . 
 when she excused herself from the table , i went after her . 
 as soon as i got near enough , her coughs ceased . 
 ` evan , seriously , what are you doing ? ' 
 ` what ? 
 you said to answer questions . ' 
 ` but you do n't have to be so honest , ' she said in a yelling whisper . 
 'em ma , they 'll have no idea what i 'm talking about . 
 besides , i think honesty might do us some good right now , ' i pointed out . 
 ` what do we have to lose ? ' 
 she stared at me in shock , unable to believe i 'd just said that . 
 i was wondering where it came from myself . 
 ` you want honesty ? ' 
 she challenged . 
 she walked over to the table , gripped the back of her chair and announced , ' i want to retract my answer . ' ' 
 i knew i was n't your favourite high-school moment . ' 
 sara grinned knowingly . ' 
 i was in the art room , and evan had just returned from san francisco and - ' ` that 's all they need to know , ' i interrupted , suddenly understanding her aversion to too much honesty . ' 
 i get it , ' i whispered as we sat back down . 
 ` thought you would , ' she teased . 
 ` okay , then , ' jared intercepted . 
 ` whose turn to deal ? ' 
 ` i 'll deal , ' i said . 
 meg won the next hand and chose evan and jared . 
 jared took off his shirt , and evan opted to answer a question . 
 the way the questions were going , i thought i 'd rather deal with him taking off his shirt . 
 ` if you had to choose between jared and emma , who would you choose ? ' 
 evan stared at her in disbelief with his mouth open . 
 ` what kind of question is that ? ' ' 
 a difficult one - that 's the point . ' 
 evan stalled , flipping his eyes between me and jared . 
 every time he opened his mouth , nothing came out . 
 ` meg , that 's an impossible question , ' sara accused , trying to take the pressure off evan . 
 jared was struck with the conflict that evan was having about the same time i was , and we stared at him in amazement . 
 ` it 's your brother , right ? ' 
 i prodded , my voice low . 
 ` it 's okay , evan . ' 
 but he continued to struggle with the answer . 
 ` well , it 's a good thing we are n't trapped in a fire . ' 
 jared laughed . 
 ` we 'd both be done for if evan was standing outside , deciding who to go in after . ' 
 ` forget that one , evan , ' meg said , her eyes smiling . 
 ` we do n't want you to give yourself an aneurysm deciding . 
 how about this - what was your first impression of emma ? ' 
 ` meg ! ' 
 i yelped . 
 she grinned . 
 serena leaned in closer , awaiting his answer . 
 i flipped the card that was in front of me over on the table , unable to make eye contact with anyone . 
 ` more margarita ? ' 
 nate offered , holding out a fresh pitcher to top off my glass . 
 ` thanks , ' i accepted , starting to feel the effects of the first two glasses , but not enough to ease the anxiety in my stomach . 
 ` the first time she spoke to me , she told me off , ' evan said . ' 
 i did n't tell you off , ' i defended myself . 
 ` yes , you did , ' sara said , followed by laughs from the spectators . 
 ` it was the first time the class had ever heard you argue with anyone . 
 it was crazy . ' 
 she looked to evan and said , ` sorry . 
 go ahead . ' 
 ` she had me from the beginning . 
 her tenacity intrigued me , and i wanted to know everything about her , ' evan said . 
 ` still do , ' he added under his breath so only i could hear him . 
 i took a sip from my glass . 
 meg won the next round too , still completely clothed . 
 ` what 's something you know about sara that no one else knows ? ' 
 she asked jared , who was down to his shorts . 
 ` she has a birthmark on her inner thigh , ' jared blurted without hesitating . 
 sara shrugged . 
 ` sara , what 's one thing about emma that no one else knows ? ' 
 sara studied emma , contemplating all the secrets she knew as emma 's cheeks turned red in anticipation . 
 ` in seventh grade , right after she moved to weslyn , she accidentally caught ms flynn 's sweater on fire when we were working in the bio lab for extra credit after school . ' 
 emma sank in her chair , shielding her eyes in embarrassment . 
 ` she put it out before ms flynn returned to the classroom . 
 the best part was that she hung the sweater on the back of her chair like nothing happened , and the next day ms flynn wore it in class with a burn hole on the back . ' 
 jared laughed . 
 ` how the hell did you catch her sweater on fire ? ' 
 ` she was trying to show me how to burn off lint balls , and it was pretty cool at first , then it just started burning . ' 
 sara giggled . 
 ` yeah . 
 that happened , ' emma admitted , glancing at me out of the corner of her eye . 
 ` it made me laugh so hard , ' sara recalled , ' i knew i had to be friends with her after that . ' 
 ` wow , ' i said with a grin . 
 emma bit on her lip . 
 we continued playing , and i won the next hand , selecting meg and sara , who nonchalantly removed their shorts . 
 as retribution , jared selected emma and serena when he won his next hand . 
 when serena removed her shorts , revealing the length of her ivory legs , james protectively set his hand on her pale thigh . 
 ` truth , ' i selected , relieved that jared was doing the asking . 
 ` if you could get away with one illegal thing , what would it be ? ' 
 he asked playfully . 
 in a flash , all i could see was blood , and the disfigured face lying motionless on the floor . 
 i felt the blood rushing from my face . 
 meg looked at me curiously . 
 i rubbed my damp palms on the skirt of my dress . 
 a cold sweat broke out along my spine . 
 i pushed away from the table and walked away without saying a word . 
 'em ma ! ' 
 sara called after me . 
 i did n't look back . 
 i needed to shut down the rush of images . 
 jonathan punching the guy over and over again . 
 the blood smeared on the floor when he picked him up . 
 my hands clutching the steering wheel as jonathan wiped the car of fingerprints . 
 it was the one secret that i 'd been able to keep closed off , locked in the deepest bowels of repression - only to be released by one harmless question . 
 'em ma ! ' 
 sara yelled again , running to catch up as i reached the sidewalk . 
 ` what was that about ? 
 what 's wrong ? ' 
 i could n't . 
 i shook my head and kept walking , shutting everything out . 
 'em ma , stop , ' she requested desperately . 
 ` please . 
 please tell me what happened ? ' 
 she reached for my arm , and i spun around . 
 sara flinched when she saw the hardened look on my face . 
 ` please tell me what happened ? ' 
 i caught a glimpse of evan watching us from the sidewalk . 
 ` i 'm walking back to the house , ' i said in a rush , turning away . 
 ` i 'm not playing any more . ' 
 ` okay , ' she answered . 
 ` can i come with you ? ' 
 ` if you want . 
 but i 'm not talking about it , ' i told her firmly . 
 ` all right , ' sara agreed . 
 she hollered to evan , 'em ma and i are walking back . ' 
 he nodded but remained on the sidewalk , watching after us . 
 i kept walking , and sara accompanied me in silence . 
 just when i thought there was a chance to shed myself of all my horrible choices , i was painfully reminded of the one that i could never outrun . 
 36 always you sara had come out of emma 's room hours ago and told me she was going to be okay . 
 that was it . 
 then she went upstairs with jared . 
 there was nothing okay about the horrified look in emma 's eyes when jared asked that question . 
 he 'd apologized over and over , but i still could n't talk to him . 
 of all the questions he could 've asked , he had to ask the girl who 'd survived being strangled that question . 
 the girl who had been tormented for years at the hands of a sadistic woman . 
 i could n't stay mad at him . 
 he was n't thinking of emma 's past , just of the hilarious answers any other person would have come up with . 
 he had no idea she was going to react that way . 
 when she 'd pushed her chair away , her whole body was trembling . 
 sara had reached her before i did , and so she was the one who was there for her . 
 and i stayed away , and let her . 
 but now i could n't sleep . 
 i wanted to check on her . 
 to lie next to her and hold her . 
 i knew i could keep her safe , if she 'd just let me . 
 but something kept me on the hammock , staring at the stars , instead of knocking on her door . 
 there was still too much we had n't told each other . 
 i pushed my foot against the deck , rocking the hammock gently as i scanned the dark sky , the stars shifting beneath the swift veil of clouds . 
 i was n't looking forward to telling her what had happened when she left . 
 i knew she needed to know , but it did n't make it any easier . 
 but maybe if i opened up to her , she would do the same - and tell me what she was still keeping from me . 
 jonathan 's text made my stomach turn . 
 i had n't been able to get the words out of my head since i 'd read them . 
 i do forgive you . 
 i miss you . 
 would give anything to hear your voice right now . 
 i never did like him ... or trust him . 
 apparently , i 'd had a good reason not to . 
 she 'd confided in him . 
 she 'd trusted him in a way she could n't trust me . 
 but there was more to it than that ... please say you forgive me ? 
 something had happened , and before we could move on , before we could completely forgive each other , she had to tell me what that was . 
 he was n't here for her now . 
 and from the sounds of it , he was n't planning on being in her life . 
 but whatever he 'd done , it had changed her . 
 i could n't sleep . 
 i stared into the dark , thinking about jonathan . 
 my heart thumped loudly in my chest , the lingering violence i 'd witnessed clinging to me . 
 for two years i 'd pushed it away , refusing to confront what we 'd done . 
 i wanted to believe that protecting him was the right choice . 
 i 'd held jonathan 's secrets as my own , as i 'd promised i would - convincing myself that my silence was justified . 
 my body shuddered at the memory of the charred remains of the house where his family had died , burned alive . 
 i could still see the torment in his eyes when he confessed to the arson . 
 there was n't any punishment that could destroy him more than his own guilt and sorrow . 
 i knew what that hate did to a person . 
 that venom still tainted my veins . 
 needing fresh air , i grabbed a throw from the end of the bed and went out to the patio . 
 i pulled the blanket tightly around me , but it did little to ward off the shivers . 
 i focused on the overcast sky , wondering where jonathan was now and if their screams still haunted his dreams . 
 there was an anxious part of me that could n't let him go . 
 a part of me that still needed to find him , even though i had no idea where to start . 
 my ears picked up a squeaking sound . 
 i listened intently and heard the squeak again . 
 pushing the gate open , i walked quietly around to the main deck . 
 evan was lying in the hammock , slowly rocking back and forth . 
 ` hi , ' i said , startling him . 
 he jumped up and practically tipped the hammock over . 
 i cringed . 
 ` sorry . ' 
 ` it 's okay , ' he assured me , trying to shake it off . 
 ` now i know how you feel when it happens to you . ' 
 ` funny , ' i commented , making a face . 
 ` ca n't sleep ? ' 
 ` no . 
 thinking , ' i explained . 
 ` and you ? ' 
 ` same , ' she answered , moving closer , a light green blanket wrapped around her shoulders . 
 ` want to talk about what happened tonight ? ' 
 i proposed as she came into full view , standing next to the hammock . 
 her darkened eyes flickered in contemplation . 
 ` i 'm not sure i can . ' 
 ` you can sit at the other end if you want . ' 
 i scooted further up on one side of the hammock . 
 emma eased herself over the edge , manoeuvring towards the middle so she would n't tip us . 
 she leaned back and bent her knees , her feet by my side . 
 ` will you tell me something i 've always wanted to know ? ' 
 i asked , having thought about it so many times over the years . 
 ` what 's that ? ' 
 her voice was careful and quiet . 
 i could feel her tensing . 
 she drew the blanket in tighter as if to protect herself . 
 ` what were your nightmares about ? ' 
 i asked , reflecting on the nights i 'd been by her side when she 'd awoken in a sweat , screaming . 
 her torment had always haunted me . 
 i could n't protect her from what waited for her in her sleep . 
 emma released a smooth breath , blowing it out through slightly pursed lips . 
 it had been over a year since i 'd had a nightmare . 
 their disappearance coincided with the increase of the emptiness . 
 i could n't be tormented with images of my death when i was no longer afraid of dying . 
 ` they were about dying , ' i explained , trying to keep my voice calm . 
 ` about being killed in some way over and over again , and i 'd wake just before my last breath . 
 but it felt so real , the fear and helplessness , not being able to get away from her . ' 
 ` her ? ' 
 evan repeated , with a bite in his tone . 
 ` they were about carol ? ' 
 i shivered , her name slicing through me like a smooth blade . 
 ` usually . ' ' 
 i hate that woman , ' he said with an edge in his voice . ' 
 i ca n't tell you how close i came to hurting her that night . ' 
 i propped myself on my elbows , jostling us slightly . 
 ` george knew . 
 he saw it in my eyes and stood between us , afraid i would n't be able to control myself . 
 i made myself concentrate on you to keep calm . 
 ` but if you had n't breathed . 
 if you had - ' he swallowed . 
 i could feel his entire body stiffen against the hammock . 
 ` hey . ' 
 i redirected his attention . 
 ` but i 'm here . ' 
 i set my hand on his leg . 
 ` why did she hate you so much ? 
 what made her want to hurt you ? ' 
 i filled my lungs with the cool , damp air . ' 
 i do n't know . ' 
 ` do n't you want to know ? 
 do n't you want to understand what made her such a psychotic bitch ? ' 
 evan 's words were weighted with pent-up anger . 
 ` no , ' i answered , my voice low . 
 ` there is n't an excuse or explanation in the world that would make it right , that would help me understand why she hurt me . 
 i do n't need to forgive her . 
 i need to figure out how to keep living - otherwise she should have killed me . ' 
 i raised my head . 
 ` what ? 
 why would you say that ? 
 you do n't think you deserved to die ? 
 do you , emma ? ' 
 i asked , my chest pounding . ' 
 i would n't say it like that exactly , ' she replied , her voice monotone and distant , like she was speaking about someone else . 
 ` i 'm not sure what i deserve . 
 but i know i 'm not doing a very good job living . ' 
 i was disturbed by her defeatist tone , but before i could say anything , she added , ' i have a tattoo to remind me . 
 i drew it when i was still suffering from the nightmares . 
 it 's supposed to keep me from getting lost . 
 to help me hold on . ' 
 ` can i see it ? ' 
 emma sat up , and i straddled the hammock , pressing my feet on the deck to keep us steady . 
 she scooted between my legs with her left side facing me , pulling up her t-shirt to expose the ink inscribed under her ribs . 
 i pulled my phone out of my pocket to provide enough light to see the intricate details of the waning moon with a sleeping male profile . 
 the entire outline was the same words repeated over again : ` it 's only a dream . ' 
 the script was fine and ran together in a cyclical chant , until the lowest point . 
 a set of words disrupted the perfection . 
 ` open your eyes and live . ' 
 i reached out with my finger and traced the swing hanging off those words , small and delicate . 
 her skin erupted into a chill of goosebumps at my touch . 
 ` maybe i should get one that says , `` she 's still breathing '' , ' i murmured as she lowered her shirt . 
 she turned towards me in a sudden motion . 
 ` when you said that you have nightmares that i was gone , you meant that i died ? ' 
 i preferred not to reflect upon the many nights when i 'd arrived too late , finding her limp and pale . 
 ` not always , ' i admitted reluctantly . 
 ` sometimes i ca n't find you at all , no matter where i search . 
 i usually wake up in a panic . 
 the others ... when i 'm not there in time ... feels like someone 's tearing my heart out . ' 
 i could n't get in a breath as his eyes sifted through those nights of despair . 
 i could only imagine what it was like to be forced awake by a nightmare , only to find that it was true . 
 i ran my hand along his cheek , and his eyes focused on mine , surprised by my touch . ' 
 i do n't want you to hate me . 
 i want you to forgive me , ' i gasped . ' 
 i want you to love me again . ' 
 his eyes shone . 
 ` but i do n't know how to let you if i ca n't forgive myself . ' 
 i paused , my lip trembling . 
 ` it always comes back to forgiving , does n't it ? ' 
 ` it does , ' he sighed , cupping my hand and holding it against his warm skin . ' 
 i never stopped loving you , emma . 
 i just do n't know how to love you enough . ' 
 a tear spilled over my cheek . 
 ` why would you say that ? ' 
 ` if i did , you 'd trust me with all of you . ' 
 i bowed my head , pulling my hand away . 
 ` i 'm afraid . 
 so afraid that if you see who i truly am , you 'll hate me . 
 and i ca n't let that happen . 
 i only exist because of you , evan . 
 you 've saved me more times than you know . 
 i 'm so afraid i 'm not worth the breath you gave me . 
 i want to be so much better than this girl in front of you . 
 i want to deserve you , to let you love me . 
 i just do n't know how . ' 
 ` you do n't have to let me , emma . 
 i already do . 
 you just have to love me back . 
 with everything you have . 
 and that 's all i need . 
 i need you . 
 all of you . ' 
 the raw intensity of our unfiltered words was consuming . 
 i was terrified and exhilarated all at once . 
 she was finally opening up , exposing herself to me , and i could n't have asked her to be any more honest . 
 but at the same time , i was disturbed by what she was saying . 
 and i was fearful about where this was heading . 
 there was a heartbreaking sadness in her eyes . 
 emma slid away from me and off the hammock . 
 i watched her walk towards the stairs , where she turned and waited for me . 
 i followed her down to the beach , accompanied by the sound of the volatile waves crashing to shore . 
 we walked for some time , our eyes on our feet . ' 
 i need to be honest with you . ' 
 my voice finally broke through the silence . 
 ` if we 're going to have a chance of moving forward , then i have to tell you everything that happened after you left . 
 it 's not going to be easy to hear , but i need you to listen ... to all of it . ' 
 ` okay , ' she said quietly , her voice nearly swept away in the ocean breeze . 
 i sat on the sand , and she lowered herself next to me . 
 feeling the pressure of her body huddled tight against my arm , i stared out at the coursing waves . 
 ` when you left me like that , in that house . 
 that awful house . 
 i was so angry . 
 i could n't understand how you could disappear from my life without a word . 
 that anger overpowered any other feelings i had for you . 
 i wanted to let you go . 
 i was convinced you 'd chosen him . ' 
 ` jonathan ? ' 
 ` yeah , ' i replied , trying to relax my shoulders . ' 
 i did n't know what to think . 
 but after what he said that night , about how you confided in him , with secrets you could never tell me ... i just assumed . ' 
 ` it was n't like that , ' she insisted . 
 ` then what was it like , emma ? 
 what happened between you two ? ' 
 i begged . 
 ` did you love him ? ' 
 ` no , i did n't love him . ' 
 her eyes glistened as they flickered in the dark . 
 ` but he loved you , ' i said in a whisper . 
 ` he thought he did . ' 
 she looked away . 
 ` and i do care about him . ' 
 ` still ? ' 
 i asked . 
 she did n't answer . 
 my fists clenched against my knees , the text flashing through my head . 
 ` why does he get to forgive you , when you did n't want that from me ? ' 
 i asked , the edge in my voice rising to the surface . 
 emma turned towards me , her eyes flashing with shock . 
 i wanted her to tell me . 
 i needed her to . 
 ` are you going to tell me what happened ? ' 
 emma 's eyes pooled with tears . 
 she shook her head slightly and looked back out at the water . 
 i closed my eyes to collect myself and asked another question that had been plaguing me . 
 ` what did that letter say , emma ? ' 
 anger still lingered in evan 's voice . 
 ` you know about the letter ? ' 
 my stomach hollowed . 
 evan knew way more than he was supposed to ... about everything . ' 
 i found the envelope , and i tore my mother 's office apart looking for the rest of it . 
 we never talked about it , and she never told me . 
 not until last week , when she admitted that it existed . 
 that letter changed my life . 
 i think i deserve to know what it said . ' 
 i pressed my forehead against my bent knees . 
 ` it does n't matter any more . ' ' 
 i do n't want to be angry , em . 
 i want to forgive you . 
 but first we need to be honest ... about everything . 
 i still do n't understand how you thought that leaving would n't destroy me . 
 because it did . 
 you could n't have hurt me any worse . ' 
 i stifled a sob and clutched my knees harder . ' 
 i know this is hard . 
 but i need you to keep listening , okay ? ' 
 ` i 'm listening , ' i murmured , barely audible . 
 ` after you left , the school made up some lie that you chose to leave for stanford early , and would n't be at graduation . 
 but everyone knew . 
 they were all at the party where we never showed . 
 they saw my face when i came back from cornell a few days later . 
 my cuts were barely healed by graduation . 
 no one knew the details , but they figured that whatever happened to me had something to do with why you left . 
 and then ... i had to give that f ** king speech , the valedictorian speech you were supposed to make . ' 
 ` what about ben ? 
 he was the salutatorian , ' i questioned , feeling increasingly ill the more he spoke . 
 ` he refused . ' 
 evan shrugged . ' 
 i do n't know the exact details , but i ended up having to give a speech that was supposed to encourage everyone to go after their dreams . 
 how was i supposed to convince them to look forward to their futures when i could n't see two steps in front of me ? 
 it was a disaster . 
 ` and then i went to yale . 
 i wanted nothing to do with you , so i did n't fight it at first . 
 it was n't in me to care any more . 
 i 'd go to classes during the week , and spend the weekends at home ... with analise . ' 
 ` analise ? ' 
 my voice broke . 
 i lifted my eyes towards the shifting sky and gathered myself . 
 knowing how much i was hurting her was killing me , which was the reason i did n't want to share this with her to begin with . 
 but i was convinced it was the only way we 'd finally be able to heal . 
 ` she was always a friend . 
 she cared about me . 
 and so we 'd hang out , and she 'd try to take my mind off you . 
 and i let her . 
 by christmas the worst of my anger had disappeared . 
 but then i wanted answers . 
 i needed to see you , so i could ask you why . 
 i tried to come out here over break , but my parents would n't let me touch my savings , and my father eventually took my car away when they realized how determined i was . ' 
 i could n't reach you . 
 the mckinleys were as evasive as everyone else , and sara did n't even pick up my calls . 
 i was so cruel to her after you left , basically taking it out on her , forcing her to avoid me completely - even while she and jared were still dating . 
 i was n't myself , and i was dragging everyone down with me in my misery . ' 
 i paused to look over at her . 
 emma was clutching her knees tightly to her chest as her body trembled . 
 ` are you okay ? ' 
 i asked , wanting to comfort her . 
 but i could n't bring myself to touch her ... not yet . 
 ` keep going , ' she murmured , her voice strained . 
 this was torturing her . 
 guilt was her poison , and i was pouring it down her throat . 
 i continued with the honesty , hoping in the end she could let it all go . 
 ` analise tried to rationalize with me , about how it was your choice and that i needed to respect it and leave you alone . 
 but she did n't know you - not like i did . 
 it was hard for her to see me go through it . 
 i think it was right around the beginning of the next year that we started dating . 
 she was finishing her senior year , and i was ... i was n't doing much of anything . 
 if she was n't there to make me , there were days i would n't get out of bed . ' 
 i ca n't even imagine what that was like for her . 
 i have no idea why she wanted anything to do with me . ' 
 the thought of her comforting him , convincing him to let me go , made my chest want to cave in on itself . 
 i squeezed my legs tighter to keep from falling apart . 
 ` she tried , ' he continued , as much as i wished he 'd stop . 
 ` but she was n't you . 
 and as long as you were out there somewhere ... i could n't let you go until i got the answers i needed . 
 at least that 's what i convinced myself . 
 when she saw the transfer application to stanford that broke her . 
 she thought i was going after you . 
 and on some level , i guess i was . 
 she had every right to hate me . 
 but then , inexplicably , she forgave me . 
 ` something went wrong with the transfer . 
 i should have suspected something , but i did n't . 
 she eventually confessed to withdrawing the transfer because she wanted to keep me from getting hurt again . 
 i was furious . 
 she 'd become yet another person making decisions for me . 
 so i stopped talking to her , and we never saw each other again ... well , until she showed up at my house the day of rachel 's funeral . ' 
 ` she did ? ' 
 i asked in shock . 
 ` why ? ' 
 ` she knew you were in weslyn for the funeral . 
 maybe she wanted to be there for me , in case i ... but ... i wanted to be there for you . ' 
 ` did you ... love her ? 
 forget it . 
 i do n't - ' i stopped , clenching my teeth together . ' 
 i do n't want to think of you with her . ' 
 ` i 'm sorry , ' he said soothingly . ' 
 i know subconsciously that 's why i did it . 
 to hurt you . 
 and that 's so messed up . 
 but she was a good friend , em , as much as you did n't like her . ' ' 
 i know , ' i muttured . 
 ` so i 'm not perfect in all of this . 
 i 've done some pretty awful things to people i cared about . 
 i ruined a good friendship with analise . 
 i slept with catherine , even though i never cared about , or even liked her . 
 she was just another in a line of catastrophic choices . 
 all because i was desperate to get over you . 
 but they were my choices . 
 your choice was to leave . 
 the rest were mine . ' 
 my body shook as i bent over and cried into my arms . 
 i did n't want to hurt her any more . 
 there was only so much honesty a person could take , and she 'd reached her limit . 
 but i was n't done . 
 i knew if i did n't finish now , she would n't understand , and i 'd risk losing her for good . 
 ` the nightmares started last summer when i realized i was n't going to stanford in the fall . 
 i 'd broken things off with analise , and i was convinced you were never coming back . 
 i wanted to move on , to try to live a life without you , but i was n't living . 
 emma - ' she lifted her tear-stained face . 
 ` i 'm not supposed to live without you . 
 and you 're not supposed to live without me . 
 we 're in this life together . 
 without each other , we 're not really living . ' 
 ` why did i have to know ? ' 
 i asked in a broken voice . 
 ` because it hurts to think of you with ... them , to know what i did to you . 
 it 's like you 're squeezing my heart with your bare hands . 
 i know i deserve it . 
 but why tell me ? ' 
 ` because we need to always be honest , even when it 's hard . 
 and you need to know that i 'm not perfect either . 
 i 've screwed up , and i 'm so sorry . 
 but it 's done now . 
 and whatever you 're holding on to that makes you think i 'll hate you , i want you to be able to tell me , and know that even if it hurts me , i 'm not going anywhere . ' 
 ` you ca n't say that , ' i argued . 
 ` evan , what if i did the most awful thing you could imagine ? 
 i do n't know if you could still love me . ' 
 ` but i know you , emma . 
 i do know you . 
 your heart wo n't let you do anything that could make me not love you . 
 and i 've seen your vicious side . 
 i was there when you confronted rachel . 
 i 've seen how ruthless you can be . 
 it 's a side i do n't like , but you do n't either . 
 so i 'm not afraid that 's who truly you are . 
 because it 's not . 
 it 's the hurt and pain lashing out , needing to make someone else feel the way you did all those years . 
 it 's not good , em . 
 but it does n't define you . ' 
 my heart was pounding erratically . 
 he was offering a safe place for us to open up and tell each other what we knew would hurt , owning up to our faults with the expectation of letting go and moving on . 
 an exchange of our most awful mistakes . 
 but i was holding on to something far darker than he could imagine , and it would change the way he looked at me . 
 i could n't do it . 
 i knew if i did , i 'd lose him forever , and then i 'd be worse than nothing . 
 ` i 'm not ready , ' i whispered . 
 ` i 'm sorry . ' 
 i could see her fighting with it , the decision to tell me whatever it was that still held her captive , keeping her from me . 
 i knew in every muscle of my body that it had to do with jonathan . 
 something did happen between them . 
 but she had to be the one to tell me . 
 and as long this secret still loomed between us , i would n't be able to completely forgive her . 
 i also knew i could n't breathe without her . 
 ` i 'll give you time . 
 but we 're not going to be able to move on if you ca n't tell me everything . ' 
 her eyes dipped sorrowfully . 
 ` come here . ' 
 i held my arms open , and she moved between my legs , leaning her back into me so i could wrap my arms around her . 
 she laid her head on my arm , and i kissed the top of her head . 
 ` we 'll get through this . 
 i believe in us . ' 
 emma wrapped her arms around mine and squeezed . ' 
 i want to believe . ' 
 ` look at me . ' 
 she twisted around to face me . 
 her eyes were raw from crying , and her breath trembled with each inhale . 
 i ran my finger along her damp cheeks . ' 
 i love you . ' 
 i peered into his intense blue eyes . 
 they bared all that was vulnerable and pure in him . 
 the part that just wanted to protect me , to encourage me to be better , to make me happy . 
 he revealed it so plainly , my chest swelled with a flittering warmth . 
 if i knew anything , i knew he loved me . 
 ` and you love me . ' 
 he stated it as the truth it was . ' 
 i do . 
 loving you is the only certainty in my life . 
 i will never stop . 
 but it was because of how much i love you that i ended up hurting you so badly . 
 i only wanted you to be happy , and be rid of my destructive life . 
 and you 're so beautiful and perfect - even with your flaws . 
 i could n't destroy you too . ' 
 evan laid his hand on the side of my face . 
 ` stop trying to protect me from your life . 
 i knew exactly what i was getting into . 
 i never doubted you loved me , not ever . 
 all i want is for you to trust me , emma . 
 please . ' 
 ` trust is n't going to save me , ' i told him , pressing my forehead against his chest as he hugged me tight . 
 ` let 's go back to the house , ' evan said , nestling his chin into my hair . 
 i helped her off the sand and held her against my side as we walked back into the house . 
 disclosure was draining . 
 every part of me ached . 
 ` will you stay with me tonight ? ' 
 she asked in a hush , leaning in to me . 
 i could feel the energy seeping from her . ' 
 i would n't be able to sleep unless i did , ' i said , pulling the smallest smile from her exhausted face . 
 i led her into the room , and she practically collapsed on the bed , kicking her shoes off with her toes . 
 i slid the covers out from under her and after removing my shorts and shoes , slid in behind her , pulling her to me so i could feel her heart beating against my chest . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 ` hmm , ' she murmured , already half asleep . 
 ` when can i kiss you ? ' 
 i was too exhausted to move , but that one question released an unexpected surge , and i was suddenly very much awake . 
 i rolled over to face him , and he grinned at me . 
 ` hi . ' 
 ` hi . ' 
 i smiled softly , running my hand into his hair . 
 ` you can kiss me now . ' 
 my heart stammered as his lips pressed against mine . 
 so familiar , but different at the same time . 
 our passion increased as he pulled my lip into his mouth and slid his tongue in mine . 
 heat surged through me as her lips teased mine , her tongue caressing in a slow sensual pace . 
 i gripped her tighter , having wanted , needed , to taste her for so long . 
 my pulse raced as i leaned into her , sliding my hand along her back . 
 she gasped as the pressure of our bodies intensified . 
 i opened my mouth and teased the spot below her ear with my tongue . 
 she released a small sound of pleasure that drove me crazy . 
 my breathing picked up as i found her lips again , pressing against them with urgency . 
 i knew that we needed to stop , but the more she breathed in quick pants , the more my body responded , not wanting to pull away . 
 she dug her fingers in my hair , and i was consumed by the softness of her lips , the touch of her tongue - her subtle floral scent intoxicating me . 
 emma wrapped her leg around me and tilted her head back to expose her throat , inviting me to take it . 
 i trailed my mouth along it , tasting the salt on her skin . 
 she reached for my boxers , and that 's when i knew this was n't that moment . 
 we were raw and hurt , and this was n't going to heal us . 
 i gently moved her hands away and whispered in her ear , ' i want you so bad , but we need to stop . ' 
 i sank into the bed . ' 
 i know , ' i breathed , trying to recover . 
 i was so caught up in the need for him , wanting him , that i could n't stop even when the resounding voice told me , not yet . 
 i leaned over to see his face , to run my hand over his cheek and caress his lip with my thumb . 
 i stared into the depths of his eyes , and my entire world steadied as i lay there in his arms - exactly where i belonged . 
 37 all about tomorrow ` what do you want to do tomorrow ? ' 
 sara asked from the hammock . 
 ` evan went to go pick up my surfboard , so i 'd like to go surfing , ' i answered , leaning back on the stool to scrutinize the painting in front of me . 
 i picked up the fine-bristled brush and tapped it into the dark blue paint . 
 ` did n't you buy that last week ? ' 
 ` yeah , but they had to get it from another shop . 
 we were supposed to pick it up yesterday , but something got screwed up with the delivery . 
 evan was beyond disappointed when it was n't in . ' 
 i smiled , remembering the crushed look on his face when the guy at the surf shop told him he 'd have to come back this afternoon . 
 you would have thought he 'd just been told there was n't a santa claus . 
 ` i 'd love to watch you surf , ' sara said , a magazine shading her face . 
 ` sure . ' 
 ` then want to go out to dinner after ? 
 just the four of us ? ' 
 ` that 's fine , ' i agreed , not really wanting to think about tomorrow . 
 it was n't a day i ever wanted to think about . ' 
 i have it ! ' 
 evan bellowed through the house , his voice full of excitement . 
 he came out to find us , his eyes lit up with a gorgeous smile . 
 ` you officially have your first surfboard . ' 
 ` great . ' 
 i laughed lightly . 
 ` we 'll go tomorrow . ' 
 ` tomorrow ? ' 
 his shoulders slumped in disappointment . 
 i smiled wider , adoring his fixation with seeing me on a board . 
 ` it 's already late . 
 we 'll go first thing in the morning . 
 i promise . ' 
 ` tomorrow , ' evan repeated in defeat , coming up behind me and placing his hands on my waist , sending a tingling along my skin . 
 he leaned over and kissed my bare shoulder before setting his chin on it to examine the painting . 
 i leaned back against him as he encircled me with his arms . 
 ` it 's not done yet , ' i rushed to explain , my cheeks as red as the hues on the canvas . 
 i could feel him interpreting every stroke . 
 ` it 's intense . ' 
 it was a powerful piece , but unsettling at the same time . 
 i was n't going to say that to her , but i 'm sure she knew . 
 the desperation she released with her brush was impossible to miss . 
 a swirl of colour and textures , abstract images of hands reaching out through turbulent seas , blending with the motion of the waves . 
 it fed the disturbing sense i had that there was some deep-seated desire in her to give up on this life . 
 it was n't the first time i 'd experienced this fear . ' 
 i was hoping to talk to you about something , ' i murmured into her neck before pressing my lips against her warm pulse . 
 ` what 's that ? ' 
 she asked in a breathy voice that made me want to push her up against the railing of the deck and make her entire body flush the way it did when she got excited . 
 then i noticed sara reading on the hammock and eased away , needing to tame those thoughts . 
 ` when you 're done , we 'll go for a walk , ' i said . 
 ` how about a run ? 
 soccer conditioning starts in a few weeks , and i need to be ready . ' 
 ` that 's fine , ' i agreed . 
 ` but you have to run with me so we can talk . ' 
 she laughed . 
 ` i 'll slow down for you . ' 
 i crouched down to tie my shoe when evan came out wearing shorts and sneakers . 
 ` evan , ' i scolded , the sight of him sending heart palpitating flutters through my body . 
 ` you have to put a shirt on . ' 
 ` we 're still doing that ? ' 
 he argued . 
 ` really ? ' 
 ` i 'm going to fall on my face if i have to run next to you looking like that . ' ' 
 i do n't look any different than most guys on the beach , ' he tried to persuade me . 
 ` it 's you , ' i stressed . 
 ` any other guy could look exactly like that shirtless , but it 's you shirtless that makes my brain go all stupid . ' 
 he laughed . 
 ` what ? 
 i 'm just being honest , ' i shot back , my confession drawing colour to my face . 
 i stood up , and evan pulled me in by my hips . 
 ` then if we 're just being honest , ' his words tickling my lips , ` i 'd rather - ' ` really do n't need to see that , ' jared announced , walking out of the kitchen . 
 ` let 's go , ' evan said , grabbing a shirt he had lying on the back of the couch . 
 we eased into a run along the surf . 
 i waited until we were at a comfortable pace before i started talking , wanting to make sure i could have a conversation and keep up with her at the same time . 
 ` so , i was thinking about going to see someone about my nightmares . ' 
 i watched for her reaction out of the corner of my eye . ' 
 i was hoping it was something we could do together . ' 
 i 'd been going over how to present this to her since i 'd made the phone calls yesterday , knowing how much she despised talking about her feelings , especially to strangers . 
 it was hard enough getting her to open up to me and sara . 
 ` couples counselling ? ' 
 she teased . 
 ` uh , no , but that may not be a bad idea for us . ' 
 i chuckled . 
 she shoved my shoulder . 
 ` it 's a therapist who works with people who 've experienced trauma . 
 i thought it might be easier if we did it together for a few sessions . ' 
 she was quiet , keeping her eyes on the sand . 
 just the thought of a therapist made my stomach twist into knots . 
 i 'd seen a couple in my lifetime and had n't found the process useful at all . 
 granted , the first time i was young and it was right after my father died , but talking about it did n't bring him back . 
 so i told the woman with the big front teeth who smelled like cherries exactly what she wanted to hear until she told my mother that i was adjusting . 
 looking back , it surprised me that my mother had sent me . 
 i could n't imagine her caring for anyone else 's feelings other than her own . 
 maybe there were brief moments in my life when she was actually a mother , or perhaps the school counsellor had recommended it . 
 that seemed more likely . 
 the second therapist i 'd visited after being discharged from the hospital , during my junior year , when my world was upside down and inside out . 
 i could n't bring myself to tell her anything . 
 it was like my mind shut down and would n't let me divulge any emotion or recollect a single traumatic moment - except in my nightmares . 
 i went through the motions , fulfilling the court-mandated visits , and left her office just as defective as when i 'd entered . 
 so i was sceptical , to say the least . 
 ` will you consider it ? ' 
 evan asked when i was silent too long . 
 ` you 'll be helping me too . ' 
 i glanced over at him , my anxiety swarming . 
 but i could n't dismiss his request after he 'd said that . 
 ` i 'll think about it . ' 
 ` thank you . ' 
 ` was that the talk ? ' 
 i asked with a small grin . 
 ` it was . ' 
 ` then i 'm going to run faster now , ' i told him with a quick raise of my eyebrows . 
 ` keep up if you can . ' 
 i pushed into the sand and propelled forward , needing to be filled with the rush of adrenaline that calmed me and made everything clearer . 
 ` thanks for running with me ! ' 
 i bellowed as the distance lengthened between us . 
 her ` think about it ' response was better than what i 'd expected . 
 i watched her push herself down the beach , knowing our conversation had probably fuelled her strides . 
 she waited impatiently for me in front of the house , her hands on her hips . 
 i shook my head with a laugh . 
 ` am i too slow for you , emma ? ' 
 ` it 's not your fault you ca n't keep up , ' she taunted . ' 
 i may not be able to keep up with you , but i can still catch you , ' i said , not slowing down as i lowered my shoulder and lifted her off the ground . 
 ` evan , put me down , ' she hollered , her voice broken in laughter . 
 i held on to her thighs , which were slippery with sweat . 
 my steps faltered as i ran into the water , not getting very far before a wave knocked us over . 
 emma emerged with her mouth agape , wiping water from her face . ' 
 i ca n't believe you did that ! ' 
 she splashed me , unable to keep from smiling . 
 i stood up to reach for her as she tried to escape towards shore with a laughing squeal . 
 the knee-deep water slowed her down . 
 ` not so fast now . ' 
 i flung my arms around her waist . 
 her forward momentum dumped us on the sand at the water 's edge . 
 i rolled her over , her hair splayed across the sand . 
 her eyes sparkled as she smiled up at me . 
 ` you 've got a little sand ... ' i brushed my hand along her cheek . 
 her breath faltered . 
 gripping her waist , i drew her closer . 
 she closed her eyes as i bent to taste the salt water on her lips . 
 i could spend the rest of my life kissing her and never get enough . 
 the heat from her breath parted my mouth , and i caressed her lip with my tongue , pulling her against me . 
 evan held me to him and i wrapped my leg around his , the water running under us as we lay on the coarse sand . 
 his hand slid along the back of my thigh . 
 i let out a small moan , tilting my head back - looking directly into a pair of big brown eyes . 
 i pushed evan away , and he pulled his head up , instantly letting me go as a small boy holding a yellow bucket continued to stare at us from a foot away . 
 i sat up , smoothing my hair back , my entire face on fire . 
 ` we 're , uh , pretty sandy . ' 
 evan looked down at the sand clinging to his wet clothes and skin . 
 ` maybe we should get back in the water . ' 
 my pulse still erratic from his kiss , i turned to him with a grin . 
 ` outdoor shower ? ' 
 his lips parted to reveal a vibrant smile . 
 i scrambled up to race towards the house . 
 he grabbed my ankle , causing me to sprawl on the sand . 
 evan let out a chuckle as he sprinted past me . 
 ` hey ! ' 
 i hollered , pushing myself back up and racing after him . 
 i could hear her coming up behind me , and dug in a little faster with a low laugh . 
 she could outrun me in distance , but i could take her in a sprint . 
 i leapt up the steps towards the gate to the patio . 
 i had enough time to kick off my sneakers and socks before emma slammed the gate behind her . 
 she stood before the fence , panting . 
 a sexy smile crept across her face . 
 i turned on the water to let it warm up as she deliberately flipped off her sneakers and peeled her socks from her feet without a word . 
 i watched her move towards me , still with that seductive grin on her face , pulling her wet , sandy shirt over her head . 
 she reached for her waistband and stopped - looking at me , questioning . 
 i shook my head , knowing that if she removed her shorts , my restraint would go with them . 
 emma stood before me , her eyes not leaving mine as she slipped her hand under my shirt , the brush of her fingers on my skin making the muscles along my stomach constrict . 
 i reached over my shoulder and pulled my shirt off , dropping it on the wood slats . 
 she pushed up on her toes as i bent to kiss her , my hands gripping her waist . 
 her skin was hot against my stomach as she pressed against me . 
 i carefully backed up , leading her to the shower - hoping the temperature was n't going to disrupt our connection . 
 the water was warm on my back , so i guided her in with me . 
 the water cascaded over us as our lips parted , exchanging the air between us . 
 dragging my mouth along her neck , i tasted the saltiness of her skin . 
 she tipped her head back with a gasping moan . 
 my back tightened as my body reacted to her . 
 emma ran her mouth along my chest , and i dug my fingers in her hair , tilting her head and kissing her wet lips with such want that i was having difficulty remaining in control . 
 i felt the edge of the stone bench against my calf and pulled her right leg up , setting her foot on the ledge . 
 i inhaled at his touch as his hand eased up my thigh , under my shorts . 
 a flush of heat rushed through my chest . 
 i closed my eyes , overtaken by the sensation . 
 my breath broke into uneven bursts as i buried my face in his neck , teasing his skin with my tongue and brushing my lips along his jaw until i found his mouth , moaning into his parted lips as his touch pushed me over . 
 i gripped his back and tightened around him , lost in the rippling current coursing through my body . 
 i collapsed against him with a drawn breath . ' 
 i can still run faster , ' i murmured , my lips pressed against his smooth skin . 
 evan laughed softly in my ear and whispered , ` but you 'll never lose me . ' 
 a pillow plopped against my head . 
 i grumbled , not wanting to open my eyes . 
 ` get up , evan , ' emma insisted . 
 my lids cracked open slightly . 
 it was still dark . 
 ` what time is it ? ' 
 ` it 's technically morning , ' she said , sounding way too awake for that to be true . 
 ` why are n't you sleeping ? ' 
 i mumbled , pulling the covers up around my chin . 
 ` because i could n't , so i decided we 're going surfing . ' 
 i blinked my eyes open . 
 ` what ? ' ' 
 i thought we could be the first ones on the water . 
 just you and me , ' she explained , already dressed in a sweatshirt and shorts . 
 it took me a moment to register what she was saying . 
 then when it hit me i pushed the blankets off . 
 ` i 'm up . 
 give me five minutes . ' ' 
 i thought so . ' 
 she beamed . 
 i shut the door to the bathroom , groggy but elated by her enthusiasm , realizing that this was a bigger deal than even she knew , especially today . 
 i was fidgety , wanting to get out of the house . 
 when evan finally came out of the bedroom , i tossed him a granola bar that he barely caught and left him trailing after me . 
 ` wow , you really have a schizophrenic relationship with mornings , ' evan noted , shutting the door behind him . 
 ` you already loaded everything ? ' ' 
 i could n't sleep , ' i explained again . 
 but sleep was never possible on this day . 
 ` do you want to tell me why ? ' 
 he asked as i knew he would . 
 ` i 'm anxious about today , ' i replied . ' 
 i need it to be a good day . ' 
 he nodded , not asking for more , and said , ` it will be . ' 
 evan spread his arms , and i stepped closer , squeezing him tight . 
 he tipped my chin and kissed me gently , ` good morning , emma . ' 
 ` good morning . ' 
 i smiled because it truly was . 
 i handed evan the keys and he drove us to the remote surf spot the guys had found . 
 we carried our boards and wetsuits over our heads along a path lined with vegetation until it opened up at a rocky beach . 
 the jetties were what made this place an excellent surf break . 
 the sky was still grey as the morning haze settled on the dark water . 
 it was still too foggy to surf , so i leaned my board against a boulder , along with my wetsuit . 
 i ran my fingertips over the captivating design of the female figure breaking through the surf in an arching motion . 
 as soon as i 'd seen it , my heart leapt . 
 there was n't another board i wanted , despite evan 's efforts to convince me otherwise . 
 unzipping my sweatshirt , i stripped it off to reveal my swimsuit underneath . 
 ` what are you doing ? ' 
 evan asked . 
 ` going swimming , ' she said simply , like it was the most obvious answer . 
 ` the water 's freezing , remember ? ' 
 i argued as she dropped her shorts to the ground . 
 then i could n't say anything at all . 
 ` stop staring and come in the water with me , ' she said , slapping me in the stomach . 
 ` it 'll wake you up . ' 
 she jogged in without hesitation and plunged under the waves . 
 ` shit , ' i groaned , knowing this was going to be painful - and it was . 
 i let the water rush up to my shins , not committed to going in further . 
 my toes were already numb . 
 i searched for her . 
 the darkness and haze made it difficult to see anything . 
 but i found her floating on her back , riding the rippling ocean . 
 i took a breath and rushed in , diving under the water . 
 fighting for breath as i resurfaced in the frigid water , i swam out to where emma lay and admired her peaceful posture . 
 she glided along the surface with her arms splayed . 
 her eyes were closed , and she was breathing calmly through parted lips , like she was lost in a dream . 
 she must have sensed my presence because she popped her head up , her body sinking . 
 ` hi , ' she said , her face glowing despite the lack of sun . 
 ` was wondering if you were going to come in . ' 
 ` this water is freezing , em , ' i said . 
 ` warm me up . ' 
 i pulled her close , the bare skin of her stomach sliding against mine . 
 ` your lips are already turning purple . ' 
 ` really ? ' 
 she asked , searching my eyes . 
 ` so , should we get out of the water ? ' 
 she wrapped her arms around my neck , running her fingers into my wet hair . ' 
 i think i 'm starting to warm up , ' i told her , my chest thumping as she crushed her body against mine to reach my lips . 
 i pressed my shivering lips to his , and he inhaled in shock . 
 ` your lips are frozen . ' 
 ` warm them up , ' i requested , brushing them along his jaw . 
 evan turned his head to intercept me , but before he could kiss me , he uttered , ` hold your breath . ' 
 i could feel a wall of water hovering over us . 
 inhaling quickly , i sank under the water . 
 the powerful current separated us , and i was carried away with the wave . 
 when i popped up again , i spotted evan further from shore . 
 my muscles ached from the icy water , so i rode the next wave to the beach . 
 when i emerged , i heard , ` how 's the water ? ' 
 a few other surfers had decided to be the first ones in the water too , interfering with any plans i 'd had of warming up on the beach with evan . 
 ` it 's freezing , ' i told them as evan walked out of the surf . 
 he greeted them and eyed me . 
 the disappointed look on his face told me we 'd been thinking the same thing . 
 ` guess it 's wetsuit time . ' 
 ` guess so . ' 
 the skies remained grey for a couple of hours , but the waves were ideal . 
 i could n't get up on my board at first , too distracted by the sight of emma sitting on hers , waiting for a wave . 
 and then when she dropped in on her first one , i could n't take my eyes off her . 
 she looked incredible in her stance , weaving along the wave like she 'd been doing it for years . 
 ` are you going to sit there all day ? ' 
 she teased when she paddled back out . 
 ` just admiring your skills , ' i told her . ' 
 i have to admit that i 'm a little disappointed that i did n't get to teach you . ' 
 ` this is better , ' she assured me with an awkward smile , since we were inadvertently talking about cole . 
 ` this way we just surf . 
 it took me a while to be able to stand , forget about ride . 
 so i prefer this . ' 
 i nodded , appreciating her answer . 
 this was perfect , just her and me - and , well , a few other guys we did n't know . 
 this was an experience i could n't have planned if i tried . 
 and for that i had to be a little grateful to cole for teaching her . 
 but not for dating her . 
 emma must have realized what i was thinking about because she paddled over and grabbed my leg . 
 ` i 'm sorry about him - that you had to see us together . 
 it hurt just hearing about you and ... well , i ca n't imagine seeing it . ' ' 
 i wo n't lie . 
 it was n't easy to be around him , even though i like the guy . 
 except i knew it would n't last , ' i told her with a grin , dismissing the ill feeling brought on by the thought of him kissing her . 
 ` what ? ' 
 she asked in surprise . 
 ` we were n't dating , evan . ' 
 ` whatever , you were together . 
 it does n't matter what you call it , ' i said dismissively . 
 ` but you 're supposed to be with me , so any other guy is doomed to failure . ' 
 i leaned over carefully and kissed her . 
 when i pulled back , she said , ' i love you . ' 
 those three words coming out of her mouth made me feel like i could conquer anything . 
 i smiled back and said , ` you and me , em - no matter what . ' 
 i got caught in the light reflected in her eyes - the eyes that had been so vacant i was afraid i 'd lost her . 
 she sat up on her board with a gorgeous smile on her face and repositioned herself in preparation for the next wave . 
 we continued to ride until my arms felt like they were going to fall off and my legs were shaky . 
 the guys , along with jared and sara , met us mid-morning as the sun was breaking through the grey . 
 they 'd packed a cooler for lunch , allowing us to spend the day on the beach . 
 nothing else mattered today . 
 i lived within the minutes i was in - not dwelling on the past , or fearing the future . 
 i just let the day present itself as it would , and it could n't have been better . 
 sara took hold of my hand and rested her head on my shoulder as we left the quaint restaurant hidden in a grove of lit trees . 
 we 'd had dinner , just the four of us , as she 'd wanted . 
 we 'd sent evan and jared ahead of us so we could use the restroom , basically to talk about them . 
 ` i 'm happy for you , ' she said , pulling her head back and smiling . 
 ` that you finally have him . ' 
 she looked affectionately at the two of them in conversation by the car . 
 ` this is the way it should 've always been ... wow , we were stupid girls . ' ' 
 i know , ' i said , smiling softly . 
 she squeezed my hand and added , ` more than anything , i like seeing you like this . 
 he 's the only one that can make you glow . 
 i 've missed that ridiculous look on your face . ' 
 i blinked back the emotion with a laugh . 
 ` thanks , sara . 
 and thanks for putting up with me . 
 i know the last two years were n't great for you either . ' 
 ` that 's what sisters do , ' she chimed , bumping my shoulder with hers . 
 her laughter turned me around . 
 emma caught me looking at her . 
 i walked towards her . 
 she released sara 's hand and took the one i offered . 
 i kissed the top of her head . 
 ` so how was your birthday , emma ? ' 
 i asked , taking a chance mentioning it . 
 she stopped . 
 i turned to face her , fearing her reaction . 
 emma leaned up on her toes and kissed my cheek , allowing me to smile . 
 she wrapped her arms around my neck and said softly in my ear , ` it 's the best birthday i 've had in thirteen years . 
 thank you . ' 
 38 the promise a shiver danced down my back with his tickling touch along my neck . 
 ` the girls are about to come in here and jump on the bed , ' evan said , his voice low in my ear . 
 ` you may want to think about getting up . ' 
 as his warm lips pressed against my shoulder , mine curled into a reluctant smile . 
 i squirmed back to feel him against me , still refusing to open my eyes . 
 'em ma ! ' 
 sara pounded on the door . 
 ` get up ! 
 you need to help us get ready ! ' 
 evan laughed as i swore into my pillow . 
 ` told you . ' 
 ` why did i think this party was a good idea ? ' 
 i inhaled quickly when his hand slid under my shirt , along my stomach . 
 ` no one talked you into it , ' evan murmured , teasing my neck with his tongue . 
 ` you were all excited about it last week , on your birthday , remember ? ' 
 ` that was ... a weird day . 
 i mean ... a good day . ' 
 i sighed , unable to concentrate on the conversation . 
 ` the fourth of july ... should n't start ... till after dark . ' 
 i grabbed evan 's hand , squeezing it when the warmth of his mouth sent shivers through my body . 
 'em ma ! ' 
 sara hollered again . 
 evan chuckled and rolled away . 
 ` i 'm up , ' i called back , then mumbled , ` unfortunately . ' 
 evan slid off the bed as i pulled back the blankets . 
 he was already dressed in a pair of shorts and a t-shirt . 
 ` i 've been volunteered to pick up ice . ' 
 i sat up on the edge of the bed and flopped my head against his stomach . 
 ` i 'll be back in a little while , okay ? ' 
 he said , running his hand over my hair . 
 i nodded . 
 he pulled me off the bed into a hug . 
 i dragged my feet to the bathroom as he made his exit . 
 ` please tell me she 's up , ' sara said as soon as i came out of the room . 
 ` yes . ' 
 i laughed . 
 ` she 's up . ' 
 ` hi , evan , ' serena chimed with a sparkling smile . 
 ` do you have an ipod ? 
 sara 's put me in charge of music . ' 
 i looked towards sara , who shrugged . 
 ` yeah , it 's out in my truck . 
 i 'll bring it in when i get back from picking up nate . ' 
 ` can you buy some lemons too ? ' 
 meg called from the kitchen . 
 ` sure , ' i answered on my way out the door . 
 ` how 's everything at the house ? ' 
 nate asked as we drove to the store . 
 ` sara 's in charge of ... everything , ' i stated . 
 ` serena 's selecting the music . 
 meg 's getting the food ready . 
 and james and jared are setting up tables and a volleyball net outside . ' 
 which left me and the guys in charge of drinks . 
 ` what about emma ? ' 
 ` um ... ' i chuckled . 
 ` she 's wishing it was tomorrow already . ' ' 
 i wondered why she decided to have the party . 
 i saw her face when i mentioned it . ' 
 ` we caught her on a good day when we brought it up last week , ' i explained . 
 nate 's looked to me curiously . 
 ` it was her birthday . ' 
 ` oh . ' 
 he nodded . ' 
 i did n't know . 
 how come we did n't - ' he stopped , suddenly remembering why no one knew it was her birthday , and why she did n't celebrate it . 
 because it was also the day her father died in a car accident , thirteen years ago . 
 ` forget it . ' 
 ` how 's it going between you ? 
 i know it 's gotten more serious . 
 have you told her ... everything yet ? ' 
 ` yeah , ' i answered , not entirely ready to have this conversation . 
 ` and has she been completely honest with you ? ' 
 that question was precisely why i did n't want to talk about us . 
 ` not entirely , ' i said evasively . 
 ` dude ! 
 really ?! 
 what are you doing then ? ' 
 ` giving her time , ' i told him . 
 ` she 's had two f ** king years , ' he declared heatedly . 
 we pulled into the parking lot , and i got out as soon as i shut off the truck , ending the conversation ... for now . 
 nate was n't convinced that emma would n't still destroy me . 
 and i 'd never admit it to him , but ... i was n't either . 
 ` what do you want me to do ? ' 
 i asked . 
 ` cut up the watermelon ? ' 
 meg requested as sara stood out on the deck , instructing the guys where to put everything . 
 'em ma , where 's your ipod ? ' 
 serena asked from in front of the entertainment unit . 
 ` it 's in my room , ' i told her , ` somewhere in the tote bag that 's in the closet . ' 
 serena disappeared into the bedroom while i prepared to slice watermelon . 
 i 'd never done it , but how hard could it be ? 
 i stuck the long knife into the rind and ... could n't move it - leaving the blade sticking out of the green skin at an awkward angle . 
 i pushed again and it slid down a fraction of an inch . 
 i looked behind me , and meg was staring at me in disbelief . 
 ` really , emma ? ' 
 she said , both amazed and amused by my ineptitude . ' 
 i truly thought you could handle that . ' ' 
 i can do it , ' i argued , making a futile attempt to move the blade . 
 ` do n't stick it in so far , and use more of a sawing motion , ' meg instructed . 
 'em ma ! ' 
 serena called to me from within my room . 
 ` will you come here a second ? ' 
 ` i 've got it , ' meg assured me when i scrutinized my predicament , not certain i could just leave the watermelon with the knife protruding out of it . 
 meg took my spot , and before i 'd even left the kitchen , the watermelon was falling into halves . ' 
 i loosened it for you , ' i insisted as i passed the opening in the wall . 
 ` yeah , that 's it , ' she agreed , with a shake of her head . 
 when i entered the bedroom , serena was standing with her arms crossed , waiting for me . 
 ` hey , ' i greeted her warily . 
 ` what 's up ? ' 
 ` what 's this ? ' 
 she snapped , holding up the letter . 
 my mouth opened to speak , but nothing came out . 
 ` are you planning on ending things with evan ? 
 what 's going on , em ? 
 i mean , i thought you two were finally together again . ' 
 she sounded like i 'd betrayed her . 
 i released a slow breath . ' 
 i wrote that two years ago , before i left . 
 his mother sent it back to me a little over a year ago . 
 she said there 'd be a day he 'd want to know what it said , and it was my decision whether to share it with him or not . ' 
 ` you just left him with a letter ? ' 
 she asked in shock . 
 ` you did n't say anything ? ' 
 ` not exactly . ' 
 i sighed , averting my eyes . 
 ` and yes . 
 i was wrong to leave like that . 
 but i thought i was doing what was best for him . ' 
 ` you should have never left him , em , ' serena said sadly . 
 i bowed my head in acceptance of the truth . 
 ` are you going to show him this ? ' ' 
 i do n't know , ' i said softly . 
 ` why would he want to see it now ? 
 i mean , we 're trying to move on . ' 
 ` because he should know . 
 you promised to be honest , did n't you ? 
 besides , you did n't say anything that you did n't believe to be true . ' ' 
 i know , ' i whispered . 
 after nate and i had loaded the freezer in the garage with the bags of ice , i walked into the kitchen . 
 ` where 's emma ? ' 
 ` sara sent her to take a shower and get ready , ' meg explained . 
 ` you should probably do the same . 
 people will be here in an hour or so . ' 
 ` ipod , please , ' serena requested , holding out her hand . 
 i pulled it from my pocket and passed it over . 
 ` thank you . ' 
 i continued into the bedroom to find emma sitting on the bed , wearing a blue-and-white dress and strapping on a pair of red sandals . 
 hearing me enter , she tilted her head up , and my mouth instinctively spread into a smile . 
 when her response was hesitant , i peered deeper and recognized the distraught shift in her eyes . 
 ` hi , ' i greeted cautiously . 
 ` everything okay ? ' 
 she did n't say anything , only nodding slightly . 
 she stood from the bed and smoothed the short skirt around her . 
 i stood in front of her as she averted her eyes and slid my finger under her chin to redirect her gaze . 
 ` you can tell me , you know , ' i coaxed gently . ' 
 i know , ' she murmured . ' 
 i will . 
 later , okay ? 
 after everyone leaves . ' 
 my eyes tightened , not liking the way she said that . 
 ` okay , ' i responded , bending down to kiss her . 
 she received me tenderly , sliding her hands into my hair , pulling me deeper into the give of her lips , but then she pulled away briefly , her eyes flickering with emotion . 
 i struggled with what i saw for a moment , until she pulled me down onto the bed with her , kissing me like her breath depended on it . 
 my body responded to her touch as she ran her hands along my back , under my shirt . 
 i pushed against her , kissing her soft skin , down her neck and over her shoulder , peeling back the strap . 
 'em ma , are you ready yet ?! ' 
 sara shouted from the other side of the door . 
 breathing heavily , we did n't move for a moment . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 she looked up at me in apology . 
 ` coming ! ' 
 i offered her my hand to assist her to her feet . 
 ` later ? ' 
 i asked , having a hard time recovering . 
 emma 's mouth curled up seductively as she nodded . 
 ` later . ' 
 there was still a hint of sadness in her eyes , but her smile seemed genuine . 
 'em ma ! ' 
 tj hollered in his overly emphatic way , dumping ice in the bin at the bar . 
 ` hey , tj , ' i responded with a smile . 
 james and brent were messing with the volleyball net , tightening the lines . 
 ren and brent arrived a few minutes later with boxes from the liquor store , and a bucket full of some red drink they 'd come up with for the day . 
 once the guests started to arrive i realized quickly that i never wanted to throw a party again . 
 i was so busy refilling food , letting people know where the bathrooms were , and bringing the guys at the bar bags of ice , i was n't exactly having fun . 
 it did n't help that evan had been assigned grilling duty , not giving us more than a passing second . 
 i caught a glimpse of evan standing at the grill with nate and jared when i brought out another salad to set on the long table . 
 the sun reflected off the light brown strands of his neatly trimmed hair , which was becoming more golden as the summer progressed . 
 his short-sleeved plaid button-down shirt brought out the shades of blue in his eyes . 
 he laughed at something jared said , revealing his heart-stopping smile . 
 'em ? ' 
 serena beckoned , catching me staring . 
 she grinned when she saw who held my attention . 
 ` he wo n't be at the grill all afternoon . ' 
 'em ma , can you get the bag of rolls from the kitchen ? ' 
 meg requested . 
 i sighed , and serena laughed as i walked into the house . 
 evan was on his way in as i was heading out with my hands full of rolls . 
 ` and i 'll see you when ? ' 
 ` i 'll find you , ' he promised , intercepting me with a hand on my waist . 
 before he could lean over to kiss me , the front door opened and more people came in . 
 he gave me a brief kiss and continued on his mission . 
 ` evan , come play volleyball with us , ' jared hollered from the beach . 
 i had just shut off the grill and was about to find emma , having lost track of her with the influx of arrivals . 
 i was pretty sure we 'd invited about forty people , a number that had been surpassed within the first hour . 
 ` evan , come on , we 're one short ! ' 
 ` i 'll be right down , ' i called to him , looking around one more time for emma . 
 i made my way down to the volleyball net , joining jared , a few other guys and a girl . 
 i unbuttoned my shirt and tossed it on the sand , prepared to play . 
 ` hey , evan , ' the girl said . 
 it took me a moment to place her , and just as i recalled , she reminded me . 
 ` nika . 
 i met you at nate 's . 
 so this is your place , huh ? ' 
 ` oh . 
 hey , ' i replied . 
 ` yeah . 
 this is the place i was telling you about . ' 
 ` it 's really nice , ' she admired . 
 jared called for everyone to take positions and got ready to serve . 
 nika took a position next to me . 
 brent was across the net , and he could n't keep his eyes off her . 
 i was tempted to switch teams , but with jared 's serve i was caught up in the game . 
 ` just you and emma staying here ? ' 
 she enquired . 
 ` no , ' i responded , watching tj run off to get the ball that he 'd batted twenty feet out of bounds . 
 ` there 's another couple here too . ' 
 ` oh , you 're dating ? ' 
 i nodded , glancing at her surprised expression before setting up for the next serve . 
 i noticed the blue dress on the deck out of the corner of my eye . 
 emma was watching from against the railing , and next to her was a guy ... standing a little too close . 
 ` evan ! ' 
 jared hollered , as the ball whipped by me . 
 ` focus ! ' 
 ` what do you study at stanford ? ' 
 paul asked , hovering a little too close , despite my blatant lack of interest . 
 ` pre-med , ' i told him , keeping my eye on the game and the lines of muscles flexing along evan 's back as he set the ball up for jared to spike over the net . 
 they pumped their fists when brent missed and it landed on the sand . 
 nika raised her hand for a high-five that evan delivered . 
 she was talking to him ... a lot . 
 ` that 's pretty intense , ' he noted , having already gone on about his celebrity access as an assistant at a talent agency in la. . 
 ` hey , emma . ' 
 i turned to find nate behind me . 
 ` nate ! 
 what 's going on ? ' 
 i greeted with near - tj enthusiasm . 
 he looked at me oddly , then noticed as paul scooted in closer . 
 nate 's eyes widened in understanding . ' 
 i was actually hoping to talk to you , ' he said , fulfilling his rescue role . 
 ` sure , ' i responded almost too eagerly . 
 ` it was nice talking to you . ' 
 i followed nate without looking back . 
 ` thanks , ' i stressed . 
 ` i 've been trying to ditch him for a while , but he does n't know how to take a hint . ' 
 ` glad i could help . 
 but i did really want to talk to you . ' 
 ` um , okay , ' i said , surprised by the request . 
 we ventured away from the crowd and headed further down the beach , my stomach twisted with nerves . 
 he wanted to talk to me about evan . 
 ` ren , have you seen emma ? ' 
 i felt like i 'd been asking that question all day . ' 
 i think i saw her walking down the beach with nate . ' 
 ren was lying in the hammock with his arm draped over the side , holding a beer . 
 ` nate ? ' 
 i asked in confusion . 
 then it struck me . 
 he was going to say something to her . 
 emma was n't going to handle being questioned by my best friend very well . 
 the past week with her had been amazing . 
 but we were n't going to be fixed instantly , and i did n't need nate forcing her to reveal anything before she was ready . 
 he was n't as patient as i was . 
 ` where 'd they go ? ' 
 ren pointed , and i rushed off in that direction . 
 i walked beside nate , anxiously waiting for him to say something . 
 my phone buzzed while we were walking . 
 i pulled it out of my pocket to find a text from evan : where are you ? 
 i looked at nate . 
 ` sorry . 
 evan 's looking for me . ' 
 i texted him back . 
 after i hit send , i clicked back to my list of messages , and my step faltered when i saw , emma ? 
 'em ma , are you okay ? ' 
 nate asked , pulling my attention away before i could open the text . 
 ` yeah , ' i whispered , my mouth suddenly dry . 
 ` what did you need to tell me , nate ? ' ' 
 i should n't say anything , but ... but i ca n't watch it happen again . ' 
 nate shifted his gaze above my head , peering up at the darkening sky , calculating his words . 
 i could n't calm the pounding in my chest , starting to feel a bit light-headed - i feared my legs might give out . 
 ` evan 's a planner . 
 what i mean is , he 's always trying to plan for what 's next , almost like a chess game . 
 everything he does has a reason behind it . 
 he 's thought it out , sometimes three steps ahead of where it will lead him . 
 except when it comes to you . ' 
 he paused , glancing at me quickly . 
 i remained still , holding my breath ... waiting . 
 ` you 're like ... speed chess . 
 he has no idea what you 're going to do . 
 no matter what he thinks his next move should be , he may have to come up with another one in a hurry . 
 you do the unexpected . 
 you challenge him , and that 's definitely one of the reasons he 's drawn to you . ' 
 nate took a deep breath , shifting uncomfortably until he finally met my own nervous gaze . 
 ` he was n't good that first year . 
 i 'd never seen him like that , and i never want to again . 
 he submitted to being at yale , and told everyone that he was moving on with his life without you . 
 but when he started the transfer to stanford , i knew it was because of you . 
 no matter what he tried to convince everyone else , he could never get over you . ' 
 nate paused in thought before continuing . 
 ` the reason i 'm telling you all of this is because the more time you spend together , the more hopeful he becomes . 
 but , emma , do n't do this if you are n't planning to be completely truthful with him . 
 he deserves that much . 
 i do n't know what you have n't told him yet , but he needs to know . 
 if it 's going to make him never want to see you again , then that 's the risk you have to take . 
 i 'm not going to let you gut him like you did two years ago . ' 
 i met nate 's determined expression and nodded feebly . ' 
 i will be honest with him . 
 i promise . ' 
 and i knew exactly what that promise meant . 
 my knees weakened . 
 ` thank you , ' he said sincerely . 
 ` hey , we should start heading back . 
 the fireworks should be starting soon . ' 
 ` i 'll be there in a minute , ' i rasped , knowing that if i moved i 'd collapse . 
 i pulled my phone out of my pocket and stared down as jonathan 's words lit up on my screen . 
 my heart stopped . 
 ` there you are , ' i declared as soon as i came around the bend . ' 
 i was ... ' nate quickly passed me without a glance . 
 behind him , emma was staring at her phone . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 she collapsed to her knees . 
 i was too late . 
 39 no more secrets i held emma 's trembling hand as i led her back to the house . 
 nate had picked up his pace , so he was already submerged in the crowd . 
 he knew i was pissed off , but i did n't want to get into it with him in front of emma . 
 she was having a hard enough time looking at me . 
 her steps faltered as i cut through the crowd and into the house . 
 i shut and locked the bedroom door behind us while emma continued out to the patio . 
 i found her seated on the end of the teak lounge chair , her gaze fixed on the ground and her arms wrapped around her waist . 
 ` what did he say to you ? ' 
 i asked quietly . 
 ` whatever he said - ' her heartbreaking dark eyes peered up at me , coated with tears . 
 ` he just wants me to be honest with you . 
 that 's all . 
 he did n't say anything wrong , evan . 
 do n't be mad at him . 
 he was only being your best friend . 
 and he did n't ask me for anything that you do n't deserve . ' 
 i hugged myself tighter and drew in a quivering breath . 
 ` i 'm scared . ' 
 i swallowed against the lump in my throat . 
 ` i 'm going to lose you , evan . ' 
 ` hey , ' he soothed , crouching in front of me . 
 ` no , you 're not . 
 i 'm not going anywhere . 
 i promise . ' 
 ` you ca n't promise that . 
 you have no idea ... ' my voice trailed off . 
 ` then tell me , em . 
 please just explain what happened and stop torturing yourself , ' he implored passionately . 
 ` i 'll understand , whatever it is . ' 
 i raised my eyes to let him in . 
 i was n't going to fight it any more . 
 her eyes delved into me with an intensity i 'd never experienced before . 
 they were steady , full of conviction . ' 
 i want you to see . 
 all of me . 
 like you 've always wanted . 
 but you 're not going to like it . 
 there 's a part of me that 's dark and ... angry . 
 and i do n't know if i 'll ever be rid of it . ' 
 she paused , like she was trying to prepare me . 
 but this was n't what i 'd expected . 
 ` i 'm more like my mother than i ever wanted to admit . 
 i 'm just as hateful . 
 just as self-destructive . 
 and just as broken . 
 she was right when she said i should never have been born . ' 
 'em ma , do n't say that . ' 
 ` it 's your turn to listen , evan , ' she said calmly , her voice distant and coated with ice . ' 
 i hated her . 
 i hated my mother , and i 'm glad she 's dead . ' 
 i flinched at her words , but i did n't say anything . 
 ` she can rot in hell where she belongs . 
 i do n't give a fuck . ' 
 i stood up and backed away a step , startled by the loathing in her hardened dark eyes . 
 i did n't react when he withdrew from me . 
 he wanted to know , so i was n't going to hold back . 
 he shook his head , as if denying this was really me . 
 ` jonathan understood . 
 he knew what it was like to be tortured by hate until it becomes a part of you . 
 our pain bonded us - allowed us to be honest with each other . 
 he did n't judge me when i told him i hated her . 
 he did n't look at me like you are now . 
 like i 'm detestable . 
 and i am . 
 i know i am . 
 that 's why you should hate me , evan . ' 
 the emotion broke my resolve . 
 ` you 're supposed to hate me as much as i hate myself . ' 
 the torment cut through , shattering her icy tone and dissolving the hatred in her eyes . 
 i took a step towards her , prepared to console her , to convince her that i did n't hate her , and never could . 
 it crushed me knowing she was convinced that she was worth all the hate that had ever been unleashed upon her . ' 
 i almost gave up . ' 
 i froze . 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` that day ... of my run . 
 i almost gave up . ' 
 my heartbeat picked up . ' 
 i walked out into the ocean , and just kept going . 
 i wanted it to take me . 
 to drown the guilt . 
 i did n't want to hurt any more . 
 i did n't want to be hated any more . 
 i did n't want to keep breathing . ' 
 her words stole the air from my lungs . 
 'em ma . ' 
 she crumpled onto her knees . 
 i caught her , wrapping her in my arms . 
 ` you do n't get to quit on me . 
 because if you do , you 'll take me with you . 
 and you ca n't do that to us . ' 
 tears stung my eyes as she collapsed against me . ' 
 i ca n't ... ' her voice broke . ' 
 i ca n't do this any more . ' 
 ` then i 'll do it for you , ' i rasped , my throat closing . 
 ` let me love you . 
 let me love you enough for the two of us , until you can accept that you 're worth it . 
 because you are , emma . 
 i do n't know how to convince you . 
 but i 'll spend the rest of my life trying . 
 you ca n't give up on me now . 
 i wo n't let you . ' 
 i could n't catch my breath . 
 i buried my face in his shirt . 
 he was my reason for existing . 
 it was his words that pulled me to the surface . 
 his breath that saved me . 
 and now , his arms that held me within this life , unable to give up . 
 he was my strength , and the love i did n't have for myself . 
 and i could n't live without him any more than he could let me go . 
 i pulled my head away from his chest , and he loosened his hold on me . 
 i placed my hand over his damp cheek as he bent towards me , capturing my breath with his . 
 the sudden pressure of his firm lips on mine filled me with an overwhelming surge of affection , rushing through every pore of my body . 
 he kissed me as if his touch could make me whole again . 
 and in that moment , i was convinced that it did . 
 i let my mouth linger over hers , needing her to feel how much i meant every word i 'd said . 
 i could n't let her go , not now , not ever . 
 she gasped at the intensity as my lips continued to slide over hers . 
 she curled her fingers into my hair . 
 my heart thrust at the touch of her warm tongue tasting my lips , teasing my tongue . 
 i could n't get enough of her , needing to seep into her skin and feel her heart beat within my chest . 
 there was a pounding within me that convinced me that i had . 
 that we were sharing the same pulse . 
 her fingers trembled as she faltered with the buttons of my shirt . 
 i slid the straps off her shoulders and peeled the dress from her smooth skin . 
 i let her push the shirt off me , sweeping her hands down my chest . 
 the look in her eyes , full of love and fear , held me captive . ' 
 i love you , emma thomas , ' i whispered . 
 ` there 'll never be another second of your life that you do n't know it . ' 
 a silent tear trickled out of the corner of her eye and into her hair as she lay against the dark blue cushion . 
 i ran my thumb along her skin , brushing it away . 
 a sudden explosion overhead startled us , diverting her attention to the fireworks spreading in the sky . 
 i kept my eyes locked on hers , watching the colours reflect in them . 
 she inhaled at the tickle of my gentle touch as i trailed my fingertips across her stomach . 
 i continued down her bare legs , releasing the strap around her heel , letting her sandals fall to the ground . 
 her breathing deepened as i kissed every inch of her along my return . 
 i unbuttoned my shorts as i continued to make my way back to her soft lips . 
 her breath faltered when i unclasped her bra , exposing her to the chill of the air . 
 she gripped my shoulders as i moved down her body , tasting her skin . 
 removing the last of our clothes , i pulled back to admire the slopes and curves of her , feeling the emanating heat as i brushed across her inner thigh , her legs shifting slightly with a gasp . 
 my pulse quickened as i watched her lips part with her eyes closed , consumed by the sensation of my touch . 
 even in the dim light , i could see the flush spread from her chest up to her cheeks . 
 i bent down to kiss the colour . 
 she turned her head towards me , and i felt the give of her mouth as her breath panted against my lips . 
 she quivered beneath me , with her back arched ever so slightly . 
 her eyes blinked open heavily , her beautiful full lips puckering . 
 not taking my eyes off hers , i positioned myself over her . 
 she wrapped her legs behind my thighs , gently guiding me into her . 
 i tensed at the connection as she surrounded me , and all i could feel was her . 
 i buried my face into her neck , kissing it as her head rocked back in pleasure . 
 she exhaled , pushing her lips against my shoulder with one hand behind my neck and the other dragging down my back . 
 i tightened my hold on her hip , absorbing every movement , scent and feel of her . 
 i could n't remember needing her more than i did at this moment - or her giving more than she was right now . 
 as the heat escalated and the demand grew stronger , she inhaled sharply and tilted her h * ps into me . 
 her legs trembled as she fought to find her breath . 
 forced to close my eyes , overcome by the waves that crashed through me , i became lost in the breathless surge and pressed my face into her shoulder , inhaling her sweet scent until i could n't hold anything back . 
 i lowered beside her and held her , pressing my lips into hair . 
 when i pulled away to look at her , her eyes shone . 
 he lay beside me as i nuzzled against him , unable to find my voice . 
 i was overcome with every possible sensation - it was a moment i 'd hold on to for the rest of my life . 
 we remained in our silent embrace , watching the vibrant sparks drizzling down the night sky . 
 i shivered , and evan eased away just long enough to get a blanket . 
 ` are you okay ? ' 
 he asked as he held me . 
 i turned my head towards him and swept my thumb along his bottom lip , and said , ` every breath i breathe is because of you . ' 
 his eyes flickered , still peering into mine . 
 ` even when you were n't there to save me , you were my reason to breathe . 
 and for that i will always love you . 
 always . ' 
 'em ma ? ' 
 evan called to me from within the dark room . 
 i closed the bedroom door , my heart shattered and my body weak . 
 he clicked on the bedside lamp . 
 confusion ran across his face at the sight of me dressed and standing at the end of the bed . 
 ` what time is it ? ' 
 he questioned . 
 ` it 's early , ' i told him with a wavering breath . 
 'em ma , what 's wrong ? ' 
 he asked , his face tight with apprehension . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 ` this is the part where i break your heart , ' i whispered . 
 ` and you finally get to understand why you should hate me . ' 
 i ran up the stairs , every muscle tense . 
 i banged on the door . 
 ` sara ! ' 
 a moment later , jared opened it , rubbing his eyes . 
 sara sat in the bed behind him , still groggy and half asleep . 
 ` evan ? 
 what 's the matter ? ' 
 i moved past jared into the room . ' 
 i need you to call your father . 
 emma left . ' 
 ` what ?! ' 
 she whipped the covers back . 
 ` what do you mean she left ?! ' 
 ` she just told me something - ' i had to pause , my stomach filling with acid at just the thought of it . 
 ` she confessed to something , and i do n't know what to believe . 
 i need to know if it 's true . 
 and your father is the only one i can think of to tell us . ' 
 ` what are you talking about ? ' 
 she demanded , her brows pulled together . 
 ` where did emma go ? ' 
 ` to new york , ' i told her . 
 ` to find jonathan . ' 
 i took a deep breath and proceeded to recount exactly what emma had finally confided - the last piece of honesty that sliced a wound so deep , i was bleeding out . 
 'em ma , you 're not making any sense . ' 
 i pushed the covers off . 
 ` what have n't you told me ? ' 
 then i noticed the phone clutched in her hand . 
 ` the text . ' 
 ` you knew ? ' 
 she asked , her eyes flinching slightly . 
 ` how ? 
 i mean ... why did n't you tell me ? ' ' 
 i thought you 'd see it when i returned your phone , ' i explained . ' 
 i could n't bring myself to say anything . 
 i do n't know what happened between you and jonathan , and why you need to forgive each other , but ... ' i stopped and put my hand over my face . ' 
 i despise him , em . 
 i honestly regret that you ever met him . ' 
 she bowed her head with her eyes closed . 
 ` this is about him , right ? ' 
 she nodded . 
 ` why did he need to forgive you ? ' 
 ` because i hurt him ... just like you . 
 i took his trust and used it against him , knowing i 'd break him . 
 and i did . ' 
 ` he 's making a phone call , ' sara told me , interrupting my pacing . 
 ` i 'm sure there 's something more to this . ' 
 ` so she never told you ? ' 
 sara shook her head . 
 ` she 's kept this to herself for over two years ? ' 
 i clenched my jaw and began pacing again . 
 ` evan , let 's just figure out what really happened first , okay ? ' 
 ` the night that the guy broke into my house , ' she began , her head still slumped forward , ` jonathan did fight him off me . 
 but he beat him so bad , he stopped moving . 
 and when i finally got jonathan to stop , he did n't even look human any more . 
 there was blood ... everywhere . ' 
 her voice faltered and her hands trembled . 
 i remained on the bed next to her , trying to keep my breath even . ' 
 i helped him get rid of the body afterwards , and we lied to the police to cover it up . ' 
 ` he was dead ? ' 
 i questioned . 
 she nodded . 
 ` jonathan did n't kill him , ' sara announced , hanging up the phone over an hour later , exhausted and shaky . 
 ` he beat the shit out of him , but the dealer was found in that parking lot with a bullet in his head . 
 they ended up matching the gun to another shooting about six months later . 
 i guess there was another douchebag at the bar , and this dealer did n't exactly have the best reputation . 
 so the douche took it upon himself to shoot him and take off with a trunkful of money and drugs . ' 
 ` she thinks she helped kill him . 
 she thinks she 's an accomplice to his murder . ' 
 ` is that why he asked you to forgive him , because he killed this guy ? ' 
 i asked , every inch of me rigid with anger . 
 ` no , ' she answered , her voice so low it barely made a sound . 
 ` he did kill his family , ' sara told me , and i clenched my teeth in revulsion . 
 ` he pleaded guilty to lighting the fire that burned his mother , father and brother in their sleep . 
 the trial was expedited , and he just got sentenced three days ago . 
 my dad said that he was abused by his father pretty bad most of his life and suffered psychological damage . 
 his psychiatrist testified on his behalf , and he ended up being sentenced to twenty years for first-degree manslaughter , required to serve ten . 
 he 's at a medium-security prison in new york . ' 
 ` you knew , and you did n't do anything ?! ' 
 my voice grew louder . 
 ` you were going to let him get away with it ?! ' ' 
 i promised . 
 and i know he 'd do the same for me . ' 
 after a deafening moment of silence , she stood up from the bed . 
 ` where are you going ? ' ' 
 i have to find him . 
 i know something bad has happened , and i could n't live with myself if i do n't go look for him . 
 i 'm sorry , but i have to leave . ' 
 emma had kept jonathan 's secret to herself as she 'd promised she would - until tonight . 
 i thought i hated him before . 
 the rage i felt now was about to incinerate me . 
 i sat down on the floor , against the wall , with my hands cradling my head . 
 ` she knew , ' i murmured . 
 ` she knew and chose to protect him , to keep his secret . 
 he killed his family , and she did n't say a word . ' 
 ` evan , ' sara implored . 
 i refused to look up . 
 ` what kind of person does that ? ' 
 ` i 'm not the girl you fell in love with . 
 she 's gone . 
 you have to decide if you can still love me . 
 it 's your choice now . ' 
 and then she left . 
 ` sara , you should call her , to tell her about the drug dealer . 
 and where jonathan is too . ' 
 ` you do n't want to call her ? ' 
 she asked . ' 
 i ca n't talk to her . ' 
 i left the room , slamming the door behind me . 
 40 what is yours i pulled at my jeans as i sat at the table , waiting for him to enter . 
 my heart was beating so fast , my head was spinning . 
 when the doors opened , the entire room shifted in anticipation . 
 i scanned the faces of men in green jumpsuits . 
 men who i would never want to be in the same room with alone . 
 when i saw jonathan 's face i stood , and his eyes lit up when he spotted me . 
 ` hi , jonathan , ' i said awkwardly , not certain what i was supposed to do . ' 
 i ca n't believe you 're really here , ' he said , relief washing over his face . ' 
 i thought you hated me . ' 
 a quick pang shot through my chest at the choice of his words . 
 ` no . 
 i think it 's about time we start forgiving . ' 
 the visit with jonathan had been a relief in some ways , but seeing him in that oppressive prison was still weighing heavily on my mind . 
 my phone beeped , pulling me from my thoughts . 
 i picked it up to find a missed call from evan . 
 a rush of nervousness ran through me at the sight of his name . 
 i had n't heard from him since i 'd left santa barbara five days ago . 
 knowing what the call meant , i gripped the steering wheel tighter . 
 he 'd made his choice . 
 i pulled in to the rest stop and parked the rental car . 
 then i took a deep breath and listened to his message . 
 ` hi , em . 
 please call me . ' 
 his voice was quiet and sad . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 the quick patter of my heart filled my ears . 
 i tried to calm it , to relax . 
 but that was impossible . 
 i was about to listen to the only person i would ever love tell me that he could n't be with me . 
 there was no recovering from that . 
 there were no more secrets . 
 he knew everything . 
 i was exposed . 
 letting evan completely in was the hardest thing i 'd ever had to do . 
 it left me vulnerable to his judgement and rejection . 
 i might as well have splayed my ribs and handed him my heart . 
 i did n't need it if i was n't going to be with him . 
 i stared at the phone in dread . 
 i had been preparing for this call since the moment i 'd walked away from him ... again . 
 i listened as the phone rang , concentrating on each breath . 
 ` hi . ' 
 ` hi , ' i responded faintly . 
 ` i 'm glad you called . 
 i was afraid you would n't . ' ' 
 i figured you 'd made your decision , ' i faltered , my heart continuing to pound fiercely . ' 
 i did . 
 i ... had to think . 
 i was so angry . 
 i could n't understand why you kept something that horrible a secret . 
 i 'm still not over it . ' 
 my chest squeezed tight . 
 i closed my eyes and waited . 
 'em ma , there was never a choice . 
 i will always choose you . 
 always . ' 
 i could n't speak for a minute . 
 ` what ? ' ' 
 i do n't agree with what you did , ' he explained . 
 ` and i 'm pissed off that you did n't tell anyone . 
 you screwed up , em . 
 but you knew that . 
 that 's why you were torturing yourself . 
 and i 'll get over being angry . 
 but i could never get over losing you again . 
 we can get through anything if we 're honest , if you let me in . 
 can you promise me no more secrets ? 
 no matter how much you think it 'll hurt , you 'll tell me everything ? ' 
 this was n't what he was supposed to say . 
 'em ma ? ' ' 
 i do n't understand . 
 you still ... love me ? ' 
 he released the slightest chuckle . 
 ` yeah , i do . 
 and i know you 're not the same girl . 
 but i 'm in love with you , emma . 
 i fell in love with you all over again this summer . 
 people change . 
 i know this . 
 and we 'll continue to change . 
 that just means i 'll get to fall in love with you again . 
 because no matter what happens in our lives , what i feel for you will survive anything . ' 
 i was so afraid i 'd lost him - that he could never love me . 
 it had never occurred to me that he could forgive me . 
 that he could love me as much as i love him . 
 there was no way he was saying this . 
 there was no way he was forgiving me . 
 but he was . 
 i collapsed on the steering wheel and sobbed , the phone slipping from my hand . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 i heard him call to me , and i fumbled to pick it up . 
 'em ma ? ' 
 between broken breaths , i responded , ` i 'm here . ' 
 ` you need to have more confidence in me , ' he said lightly . 
 ` sorry . 
 i just - ' ' i know , ' he interrupted . 
 ` but do n't ever doubt me again . ' 
 ` never , ' i said , releasing a calming breath . 
 ` and no more secrets . ' 
 ` no more secrets . 
 so where are you ? ' 
 ` at a rest stop , somewhere in oklahoma , ' i answered , looking around the busy rest area . 
 ` oklahoma ? 
 why are you there ? ' ' 
 i just felt like getting in a car and driving . ' 
 ` how long were you planning on doing that ? ' 
 ` until i found something worth stopping for , ' i answered , wiping my damp face and sinking back against the seat . 
 ` and you 're stopped now , right ? ' 
 i smiled . 
 ` yes . ' 
 ` i 'll take that as being worthy , ' he teased , making me smile wider . 
 ` are you planning to drive all the way here ? ' ' 
 i was thinking about it , ' i responded . ' 
 i figured i 'd be back by this weekend . ' 
 ` i 'm flying to connecticut this weekend , ' evan informed me . ' 
 i have to pick up my things . 
 my mother sold the house , and everything has to be out by this sunday . ' 
 ` really ? ' 
 ` yeah , ' he murmured . 
 ` but it does n't matter any more . 
 i have you . ' 
 then he paused . 
 ` right ? ' 
 i laughed , swiping at my eyes . 
 ` yes . 
 you have me . ' 
 ` good . 
 call me when you stop driving tonight , please ? ' ' 
 i will , ' i promised . 
 ` bye , evan . ' 
 ` bye , emma . ' 
 i let out a long breath , relieved she 'd called me back . 
 i held up the letter she 'd left on the bedside table , and ran my finger over the ink with a soft smile . 
 the letter that had once again changed my life . 
 i love him more than he will ever know . 
 and because of that , i choose his happiness . 
 those two lines were all that she 'd written . 
 and it took a phone call to my mother to understand . 
 she repeated emma 's vow back to me , ' i love him , but i would walk away before i 'd ever let anything jeopardize his happiness . ' 
 my mother claimed that this letter forced her to make one of the hardest decisions she 'd ever had to make . 
 i walked into the living room where sara sat on the couch with her phone in her hand , texting . 
 she eyed me curiously , then beamed . 
 ` you just spoke to emma . ' 
 i nodded , unable to hold back the smile . 
 ` good . ' 
 ` thank you for talking to me . 
 i do n't know if i would 've been able to take a step back and understand what she was going through if you had n't helped me . ' 
 ` you were angry , which was understandable , ' she explained simply . 
 ` it 's hard to see clearly through that much anger . 
 believe me , i 've been friends with emma for a long time . 
 i 'm kind of an expert by now . ' 
 i pulled in to the driveway and looked up at the large white farmhouse with a heavy chest . 
 i used my key to open the door , the key i was supposed to leave on the kitchen counter before i left today . 
 my footsteps echoed through the stark kitchen . 
 the room seemed even larger now that everything had been removed . 
 i ran my hand over the marble countertop , recalling all the conversations and meals shared there - not only with emma but with my family too . 
 i continued into the empty sitting room , with just the small crystal chandelier dangling in the middle of the room . 
 shadows of twilight stretched across the floor through the large picture window . 
 i did n't bother turning on the light as i walked down the hall , allowing the dimness to reflect my sombre mood . 
 the piano sat in the same spot , mocking me - the last item left behind , besides what was in my room . 
 the piano movers were n't expected until the next day . 
 i climbed the spiral stairs , the stairs i 'd carried emma up when she 'd hurt her knee . 
 i smiled faintly , remembering her irritation when i 'd scooped her up unexpectedly . 
 i stood outside my bedroom door and hesitated . 
 this was the first house where i 'd unpacked every single box , wanting to stay . 
 all because of a girl with a fiery attitude and a blush that let me know exactly what she thought of me . 
 that 's all it took , and i was hers . 
 and now i had to leave the only place i 'd ever considered home . 
 i pushed the door open and flipped on the lights in the dark , cavernous room , but i remained within the doorframe , looking around curiously . 
 it looked exactly how i 'd left it . 
 unpacked . 
 i walked over to the tux lying across the bed , with a note set on top . 
 put me on and come out back . 
 i grinned . 
 when he finally came outside , i was sitting on the swing with small twinkling lights glowing above me , like a thousand fireflies spread out along the wiry branches . 
 it was enchanting . 
 exactly as i 'd intended . 
 i smiled brightly at the flawless guy dressed in the fitted tux . 
 his golden-brown hair was swept neatly to the side , and he wore a smile that made my entire body ignite in rampant flutters . 
 ` hi , ' he said , the lights sparkling in his eyes . 
 ` i 'm glad you 're here . 
 i 've missed you . ' 
 ` hi , ' i responded , swinging gently on the swing . 
 ` i 've missed you too . ' 
 there was no use trying to breathe when i saw her sitting on the swing in the strapless pink dress that floated around her . 
 her short brown hair framed her stunning face , and the lights in the trees illuminated her skin . 
 i was mesmerized by the girl in front of me . ' 
 a guy once told me that a girl needed time to prepare for something like this , ' she said . ' 
 i think we 've waited long enough . 
 evan mathews , will you go to prom with me ? ' 
 i laughed , my ears suddenly picking up the music coming from the pool area . 
 ` yes , emma , i 'd love to go to prom with you . ' 
 she hopped down from the swing and took the hand that i held out for her . 
 i wrapped her securely in my arms , my nose pressed into her hair . 
 after everything that had happened this summer , i just needed to hold her . 
 and she needed to know she was mine , and that i was still hers . 
 we remained in the embrace until her shoulders relaxed and she melted against me . 
 i eased away , peering down at her radiant face . 
 ` you did this ? ' 
 i asked , nodding towards the tree . 
 ` no , ' she said with a light laugh . ' 
 i hired people to do it . 
 i 'd break my neck . 
 but i planned it . 
 are you surprised ? ' 
 ` very . ' 
 i laughed , about to kiss her when she swung open the gate . 
 the fire reflecting on the water caught my eye , and i turned my head . 
 emma beamed . 
 ` see . 
 there is a pool . ' 
 candles floated along the surface , and the entire patio was softly lit with colourful paper lanterns , reminding me of the ones she 'd told me her father would hang for her in the back yard on her birthday . 
 wow , i mouthed . 
 ` this is amazing , emma . ' ' 
 i know . 
 i 'm pretty impressed with myself . ' 
 evan laughed , sweeping his arm around my waist and guiding me closer . 
 he leaned over and kissed me so gently it felt like a whisper against my lips . 
 my eyes remained closed when he pulled away . 
 ` breathe , emma . ' 
 his voice drifted in the breeze . 
 i opened my eyes , and exhaled . 
 he did n't let me go , and we began swaying to the hypnotic sounds of female vocals swirling through the air . 
 ` thank you for doing this , ' he said , kissing my temple . 
 ` it means a lot to have you here , to share the last night in this house with me . ' 
 ` last night ? ' 
 she remarked , tilting her head up at me . 
 ` why would tonight be your last night ? ' 
 i scanned her face as her eyes twinkled in the soft light . 
 ` what are n't you telling me , emma ? ' 
 she revealed the most dazzling smile . 
 ` tell me . ' 
 ` well ... let 's just say that i made an investment in my future . ' 
 ` you bought this house . ' 
 we were no longer moving to the ethereal singer . 
 ` technically , you own a portion of it , ' she explained . 
 ` your mother accepted part of your savings as your offer , and charles arranged for payment of the rest . 
 so essentially you own your bedroom . ' 
 she laughed . 
 i wrapped my arms around her waist and swung her around , making her yell out in a joyous laugh . 
 i kissed her neck . 
 ` we have a house . ' 
 ` you have a room , ' she teased . ' 
 i have a house . 
 umm ... the piano 's staying . ' 
 ` i 'm not playing it , ' he said quickly , causing me to smile . ' 
 i guess i 'll have to learn , ' i said , laying my head on his chest as we began to sway again . 
 elation seeped out of him like he might burst , and i was smiling so big it almost hurt . 
 i was grateful that vivian had n't accepted any other offers before i met her last weekend - although at the time i did n't know i 'd be the one living here . 
 she 'd shared a reflective moment with me regarding choices and love . 
 love was easy . 
 all i had to do was look in his eyes and know that . 
 in the uneven balance of my life , i 'd experienced love and loss . 
 the loss challenged me to be strong , but it was the love that supported me when i was weak . 
 i was a survivor . 
 and now i wanted to focus on living my life . 
 this was just the beginning of our healing . 
 of being forgiven . 
 i knew i would struggle with it at times , and feel like i was fighting for every breath . 
 i just had to remember , there was always a choice . 
 and i chose to live . 
 i chose to love . 
 i chose to breathe . 
 epilogue i twisted my hands in my lap . 
 my heart felt like it was going to pound right out of my chest . 
 ` stop ! ' 
 i hollered , practically panting . ' 
 i ca n't do this . 
 i ca n't . ' 
 silence . 
 no pep talk . 
 no coaxing . 
 no trying to convince me . 
 i closed my eyes and took a breath . 
 if my pulse kept this up , then i 'd be sweating right through my dress . 
 and that was not the impression i wanted to make . 
 i took another breath . 
 i can do this . 
 i can do this . 
 all i have to do is walk . 
 and smile . 
 and maybe talk . 
 i can do this . 
 i opened my eyes again , and said , ` okay . 
 i 'm ready . ' 
 evan glanced sideways at me . 
 ` are you sure this time ? ' 
 ` shut up and go , ' i pleaded , making him chuckle . 
 my shoulders relaxed as we slowed to a stop . 
 a large soft-coral-coloured house sat before me . 
 my breathing evened , and the panic subsided . 
 before i could step out of the car , the front door flung open and a little girl in a frilly pink dress came running out at full force . 
 'em ma ! ' 
 she crashed against me , her arms wrapping around my stomach . 
 ` hi , leyla , ' i said , my eyes watering as i hugged her tight . 
 ` you look so beautiful . ' ' 
 i knew you 'd wear pink , ' she exclaimed joyously . 
 ` it 's our favourite colour . ' 
 ` mine too , ' evan chimed in , making her giggle . 
 ` jack , why do n't you go help evan bring in their things , ' the woman with the coiffed grey hair instructed gently . 
 the young boy with the round wire glasses approached evan hesitantly . 
 ` hey , jack , ' evan said , holding out his hand . 
 ` i 'm evan . ' 
 jack grasped it , and a small smile emerged as he shook it . 
 ` you can take in this box , since it 's yours anyway . ' 
 jack 's eyes lit up when he accepted the gift wrapped in festive christmas paper . 
 ` and i had to wrap it because emma ca n't fold a corner to save her life . ' 
 jack laughed . 
 ` true , ' i sighed . 
 ` hello , emily ... ' my grandmother paused . 
 'em ma . 
 it 's nice to finally meet you in person . ' 
 i raised my head to view the woman before me , who i easily resembled . 
 the woman who had given me back my family . 
 my grandmother began to reach out with her hand , then stopped , undecided how to greet me . 
 i slid away from leyla . 
 ` thank you , ' i said , wrapping my arms around her . 
 she folded her thin strong arms around me and held me tight . 
