 chapter one his voice roared over her . 
 loud , sexy , and so richly decadent that she felt her limbs going loose with excitement . 
 with arousal . 
 with need . 
 jamison matthews knew she was n't the only woman in the audience to feel that way while listening to ryder montgomery sing-his deep , raspy baritone was one long mind-and-body-fuck-but that did n't make it any less powerful . 
 neither did the fact that she 'd been listening to it for ten long years-ever since she was a thirteen-year-old kid with a crush on the lead singer of her brother 's band . 
 some things did n't change . 
 and some things did . 
 shaken dirty had come a long way from the teenage garage band they 'd once been . 
 the tens of thousands of screaming fans currently filling this very amphitheater attested to that . 
 as did the bras and panties that haphazardly littered the stage . 
 her brother , jared , had picked up a sheer red thong and draped it over the neck of his guitar , while micah 's base was decorated with lacy purple boy shorts . 
 totally disgusting if she let herself dwell on where those panties had been just a short time before . 
 but she was n't going to do that , was n't going to let anything mar her enjoyment of the show . 
 being here , watching her brother play with the others in the middle of this gigantic venue , co-headlining the rock on tour with some of the hottest bands around , was a dream come true . 
 she would n't waste a second of it . 
 the song ended and the crowd went nuts , screaming and whistling , chanting and shouting . 
 begging for more . 
 jamison went nuts right along with them , did n't even mind when the surging fans pressed her closer and closer to the barricade that kept eager devotees off the stage . 
 that was her big brother up on that stage . 
 her big brother and ryder and wyatt and quinn and micah . 
 they 'd come a long way since jared had let her listen in while they 'd practiced in the garage , and she could n't be more proud . 
 after all they 'd been through , they 'd finally made it . 
 unlike her . 
 for a second , panic threatened at the disaster her life had become practically overnight . 
 it was n't the accident that had n't been her fault but had left her with a totaled car anyway . 
 a car that had been worth only three thousand dollars , which gave her pretty much no chance of buying a reliable replacement for the amount the insurance would pony up . 
 nor was it that her douchebag boyfriend had dumped her while she was down . 
 sure , she 'd thought she was in love with charles , but in retrospect she was willing to admit that there had been some major red flags in their relationship . 
 chief among them was his inability to keep his zipper up around other women . 
 not even the fact that the closest friend she 'd made since moving to san diego had been sleeping with her douchebag of a boyfriend had made her feel this tied up in knots . 
 she 'd thought lisa was pretty cool , but her friend-make that her ex-friend-had never made a secret of her freewheeling morals . 
 but losing her job this morning-a job she 'd loved and had invested so much of her time in-had been the piece de resistance on top of the shit-pile her life had recently become . 
 especially considering she 'd uprooted her whole life to move to san diego less than six months before just so she could take the stupid job . 
 it was the first step on the ten-year plan she 'd had for her life , a plan that now lay in utter ruins around her . 
 she wanted to crawl back into bed and forget the last forty-eight hours had ever happened . 
 or , barring that , rewind the clock so that she could have seen coming some of the crap that had been heaped on her . 
 not all of it , obviously , but it might have been nice to know the restaurant where she 'd landed her first big job out of cooking school was having to close before she 'd bought , and worn , the most gorgeous pair of louboutins she 'd ever seen . 
 or before charles had forced her to listen to his diatribe of all the reasons he 'd cheated on her , reasons that were , of course , completely her fault . 
 she 'd called bullshit on him , but still . 
 standing here with all these women , so many of whom were skinnier and prettier than her , only gave his words credence in her head . 
 not to mention the last thing she should be doing right now was screaming along with a bunch of shaken dirty fans while fantasizing about the lead singer of her brother 's band . 
 onstage , the band launched into `` awake , '' one of the power ballads that had made them famous . 
 the crowd screamed their approval and so did she . 
 totally not her typical modus operandi , but she could n't help it . 
 something about listening to ryder croonthe darkly haunting lyrics had her knees trembling and her heart beating much too quickly . 
 if she closed her eyes , she could do what all the other women in the audience were doing and pretend that he was singing straight to her . 
 so much better than remembering he 'd written these heartfelt words for another woman . 
 for carrie , who had killed herself and broken his heart so many years before . 
 her own heart ached at the thought . 
 for him . 
 always for him . 
 at twenty-nine , ryder had already been through more darkness and despair than any one person should have to handle . 
 `` awake '' finally came to a close , the last note hanging in the air for long , tension-fueled seconds . 
 then the band fell silent and the audience did the same , as if they were all holding their breaths . 
 ryder lowered his guitar , shuffled and stamped his feet once , twice . 
 it was a familiar gesture , one years of experience had taught her was his way of shaking off excess emotion . 
 again her heart twisted . 
 it devastated her that more than ten years after the fact he was still eaten up by what had happened . 
 still determined to bury it under a bunch of layers that not only insulated him from his pain but also hid the real ryder so deep inside the public ryder that she wondered sometimes if he even existed anymore . 
 or if the boy who had held her while she cried , who had let her whisper her pre-adolescent fears without ever making fun of her , had disappeared forever . 
 she searched for him , in that one endless moment . 
 looked for him in the obsidian eyes that arrowed to the heart of the crowd even as they barricaded his own emotions . 
 combed through her own memories and expectations in an effort to see ryder as he really was instead of how he portrayed himself . 
 and when his eyes-his crazy , beautiful eyes-met hers , she found him . 
 seconds passed , long , intense seconds where she lost the ability to hear or breathe or even think . 
 all she could do was look into ryder 's eyes , at the feral heat boiling up and out of them , and want . 
 she smiled at him , waved . 
 he snarled back . 
 but it was n't a leave-me-alone snarl . 
 no , definitely not . 
 it was his i-want-to-fuck-you-up-against-a-wall snarl-she knew it well , had seen it directed at a lot of women through the years-and her knees gave way when she realized that this time , finally , it was directed at her . 
 it did n't matter that there was no sign of recognition in his eyes , no knowledge that the woman he was looking at like that was actually her . 
 jamison . 
 for one moment he wanted her the way she 'd always wanted him . 
 it was more than enough . 
 and then jared thrust a hand in the air and the moment was gone . 
 the silence shattered , the crowd exploding in catcalls and screams and whistles , pleas for more mingling with pledges of undying love . 
 it was awe-inspiring , yet humbling , to witness . 
 she still remembered the guys as lanky teenagers beating out a rhythm in her garage . 
 as struggling musicians driving up and down the coast to play at dives that barely paid . 
 as an opening act to bands much bigger and better than they were . 
 she watched as ryder flirted with the crowd a little in true lead singer fashion . 
 women screamed in response , while men shouted and cheered . 
 and when ryder walked to the edge of the stage and switched out the acoustic guitar for his electric one , jamison felt herself swoon right along with the others . 
 she could n't help it . 
 this had always been her favorite part of the show and when they 'd gotten so close to the end of their set without it making an appearance , she 'd worried they 'd cut it . 
 jared stepped forward as well , told the crowd to `` make some f ** king noise ! '' 
 much feet-stomping and clapping ensued , and jamison was right there with the rest of the audience , screaming herself hoarse as ryder and her brother teased them into a frenzy . 
 and then , just when it felt like the amphitheater was going to explode from excitement , they dueled . 
 it was the most beautiful , the most perfect , thing she had ever seen . 
 her brother was in his element , huge smile on his face , fingers flying over the guitar strings so fast at times that they seemed to blur . 
 on and on he played , his talent as mind-blowing as his grin was infectious , until finally he reached a shattering crescendo . 
 the last notes of his solo were still ringing through the amphitheater when he stepped back and ryder took over . 
 though he was the band 's front man , ryder was almost as good a guitarist as her brother . 
 but where jared was totally engaging and fun to watch , listening to ryder play was like opening a conduit straight to the rawest part of the human soul . 
 it was amazing and terrifying in equal measures , and so spellbinding that he caught an audience of thirty thousand in his web and held them there , suspended , as his guitar wailed in agonized ecstasy . 
 suddenly ryder hit a particularly complicated series of chords and the fans behind her shouted their approval . 
 he grinned-a dark , haunting twist of his lips that came and went so quickly that she almost thought she 'd imagined it . 
 except she was pressed up against the stage now , so close that she could see his eyes . 
 deep and dark though they were , for a minute , just a minute she 'd glimpsed a flash of pure enjoyment . 
 and then she lost it as he tilted his head forward so that his chin-length black hair fell over his face , obscuring him for long seconds from the prying eyes of the crowd . 
 she took advantage of the moment , studied him the way she 'd always wanted . 
 normally , when he was around , she was too afraid of being caught watching him to look her fill . 
 but tonight she did n't need to worry about that . 
 he 'd already proved he could n't see her clearly when he failed to recognize her earlier . 
 that was all the encouragement she needed to gawk at him . 
 at his long , lean body that towered seven inches above her own five-eight . 
 at his tanned , muscular arms with their gorgeous sleeves of tattoos-black tribal bands on one and a phoenix on the other . 
 at the nipple piercing outlined by the tight fit of his black v-neck t-shirt . 
 he was gorgeous-wicked , dark , and so , so lovely with his too-pretty face-and she knew when she crawled into her lonely bed tonight , this image of him would be burned into her brain . 
 head bowed , lost in his own little world , ryder played another complicated set of notes that ended so abruptly the audience flinched a little , she along with them . 
 then he stepped back so that jared could once again take the spotlight . 
 on and on it went , the two of them dueling until their fingers had to be burning . 
 the audience was beside itself , women-and men-screaming themselves hoarse , the crowd literally seething with delight . 
 and then jared and ryder backed up to each other and played the last section together , their fingers flying faster and faster over the guitar strings until their separate notes blurred into the most amazing sound she had ever heard . 
 their shirts grew drenched , their faces grew taut , and still they played . 
 their arms trembled visibly at the strain , their shoulders bowed in protest , and still they played . 
 finally , finally the last notes rang through the amphitheater-loud , gorgeous , flawless -- along with a kickass pyrotechnic display that took her breath away , and she did n't know whether to weep or to cheer . 
 they 'd always wanted to include special effects like those , but had never been able to afford it before this tour . 
 shaken dirty really had hit the big time . 
 the crowd behind her did n't have any of her confused reticence . 
 they went crazy as fire exploded across the stage . 
 jared-ham that he was-stepped up to the microphone and thrust both fists in the air as he claimed victory . 
 ryder only laughed , his low , husky voice carrying through the amphitheater as he told the crowd , `` just go along with jared . 
 we like to let him think he wins , or he 'll spend the rest of the night pouting . '' 
 `` fuck you , ryder ! 
 i did win ! 
 right , guys ? '' 
 jared held his arms out to the crowd and gestured for their support . 
 soon half the place was chanting his name . 
 `` good job ! '' 
 ryder said with a sexy wink . 
 `` he 'll never suspect a thing . 
 but just to be clear . 
 we all know who really won , right ? '' 
 the other half of the audience began screaming for ryder , and once again jamison found herself right there with them . 
 oh , she knew jared was technically the better guitarist , but ryder 's sound was amazing . 
 he was dark to jared 's light , brooding and dangerous to jared 's good time . 
 he attacked his guitar , made violent love to the instrument while jared cradled his like a baby . 
 both sounds worked , and worked well , but watching ryder was like watching sex in motion . 
 it totally revved her engine , even as she knew nothing would come of it . 
 she 'd thrown herself at him once when she was seventeen and been rejected-albeit as nicely as ryder was capable of rejecting someone-but it had still stung . 
 she would n't make that mistake again , would have to be content to worship him from afar instead . 
 just like every other woman in the place . 
 as they launched into `` battleground , '' their most famous single to date , ryder ripped off his shirt and tossed it into the crowd . 
 it landed a little to the right of her and the people around her went nuts trying to get to it . 
 jamison did n't move , though . 
 she could n't , not when all that bronze skin and that perfect eight-pack of abs was on display . 
 not when he was standing up there , the black tribal tattoos that covered his torso just adding to the image of the sex god the media portrayed him to be . 
 she shuddered , pressed her legs together to stop the burn even as she crossed her arms over her suddenly aching br ** sts . 
 no , she thought as ryder continued to sing . 
 the need was nothing new . 
 but this brutal intensity-that had come when he 'd thrown that i-want-to-fuck-you look her way and made it impossible to do anything but feel-sure as hell was . 
 after clawing her way through a mob of crazed fans and flashing her backstage pass at the security guys working the side entrance , jamison slipped into the small crack they 'd opened for her . 
 as the door slammed shut , she could n't help the feeling of unreality that overwhelmed her . 
 all those screaming fans in the audience had been for shaken dirty . 
 all those frantic girls clawing at security-and each other-had been for her brother 's band . 
 it was beyond bizarre . 
 oh , from the very beginning , the guys had had girls , lots and lots of girls , sniffing around them . 
 more than once she 'd had to push her way through them to get to the guys . 
 it was part and parcel of the shaggy-haired , rock and roll band thing . 
 but that had been at dingy little clubs when they were just getting their start , back when she 'd tagged along anywhere they were willing to bring her . 
 but this , this was different . 
 it was out of a movie-or a rolling stone article . 
 the band had hundreds upon hundreds of groupies , all desperate to be shaken . 
 dirtied . 
 it was going to take a little while for her to adjust to the new reality , especially when that new reality left her a little bruised and battered . 
 nothing like battling through a throng of screaming women to take it out of a girl . 
 glancing around , she tried to get her bearings . 
 she was at the end of a long , windy hallway . 
 there were a bunch of doors on each side , but none of them were labeled , so she had no idea if one of them was her brother 's dressing room or not . 
 and considering there were four other bands on tour with shaken dirty , it probably would n't work for her to just start knocking on random doors . 
 the last thing she wanted was to be kicked out for disturbing `` the talent . '' 
 behind her , the door opened again and two girls squeezed through . 
 they were young , barely nineteen or twenty if she was to hazard a guess , and very , very excited . 
 `` omigod ! '' 
 squealed the one with the shortest skirt and heaviest makeup . 
 `` i ca n't believe that worked ! '' 
 her friend grinned . 
 `` i told you . 
 now remember , you can have anyone you want-except ryder . 
 he is all mine . '' 
 `` i know , i know . 
 i like micah anyway . 
 he 's sooooo cute and nowhere near as kinky as ryder . '' 
 `` hey , kinky can be good . 
 the more you let them do to you , the more they like you . 
 and ryder can do anything he wants to me . 
 all that dark sexiness really turns me on . '' 
 jamison stiffened at the proprietary note in the girl 's voice . 
 she did n't even know ryder yet she was talking about him like she was aware of his every little secret . 
 even worse , like she knew he and the other guys would be more than willing to use her in whatever way she 'd let them-and that apparently ryder had a kinky side jamison had never even imagined . 
 the thought sent a little shiver of awareness down her spine , but she ignored it . 
 ryder had already rejected her once and if he 'd sunk to one-night stands with teenagers-teenagers , for god 's sake-she did n't want him anyway . 
 but even as she was selling herself on that , her traitorous mind could n't help going back to that moment when he 'd stared at her . 
 snarled at her . 
 made her want him more than she 'd ever wanted anything . 
 if that was the look he gave all the girls , no wonder they were back here , desperate to get to him . 
 no wonder they thought they had a chance with him . 
 more bothered by that realization than she wanted to admit , jamison decided to hell with it . 
 groupies or not , these girls seemed to know so much more about the band than she did right now . 
 it probably could n't hurt to follow them-maybe they could get her to the right dressing rooms , at least . 
 but they had n't gone very far before one of the doors opened and a guy she did n't recognize , but whom they obviously did , drawled , `` hello , girls . '' 
 they squealed loudly enough to break the sound barrier , and then the one who had claimed ryder for her own flipped her hair back for all she was worth . 
 `` hey , simon ! '' 
 she sounded so breathless it was a miracle she 'd been able to get the words out at all . 
 `` hey . '' 
 he nodded to her , then stepped back and held the dressing room door open . 
 the girls grabbed onto each other 's hands-out of nervousness or excitement , jamison was n't sure-then darted through the door like the hounds of hell were after them . 
 or like they thought he was going to change his mind when something better came along . 
 simon continued to stand there after they 'd disappeared behind him and it took her a minute to realize that he was watching her , a quizzical look on his face . 
 `` you coming ? '' 
 he finally asked . 
 her cheeks caught fire . 
 `` uh , no . 
 thanks . '' 
 `` you sure ? 
 we 're having quite the party in here . '' 
 he let the door fall open a little more and she got just enough of a glimpse inside to realize he was n't exaggerating . 
 `` actually , i 'm here for jared montgomery . 
 i 'm his sister . '' 
 `` cool . '' 
 simon smiled then , and it lit up his face from within . 
 made him look like a little boy instead of a rocker who 'd been around more blocks than she 'd even walked on . 
 he also backed off so quickly she knew that damn pact had struck again . 
 back in high school she 'd figured out pretty quickly that there was an unspoken agreement among most rock gods-thou sister shall be off limits , whether she wants to be or not . 
 jamison did n't know if that was what had kept ryder away from her all these years , but she knew it had worked on a bunch of other guys . 
 and since she 'd spent most of high school hanging at her brother 's gigs , it had meant her social life had been particularly dismal . 
 not that that had changed much , even when the guys were n't around , but still . 
 it was a valid theory and she was sticking to it . 
 `` jared 's a good guy , '' simon added with a clumsy pat to her shoulder . 
 `` he is , '' she agreed . 
 `` you would n't happen to know which dressing room belongs to shaken dirty , do you ? '' 
 `` i think they 're on the other side of the stage . '' 
 he gestured vaguely to the left . 
 `` past the entrance to the sound booth . '' 
 they were n't quite the explicit directions she 'd been hoping for , but they would have to do . 
 especially since he was already closing the door , his attention very obviously somewhere else . 
 pulling her cell phone out of her pocket , jamison pulled up jared 's number and headed off in the direction she thought simon had gestured . 
 she 'd hoped to surprise her brother by coming tonight instead of tomorrow , but that obviously was n't going to happen . 
 backstage pass or not , she could n't just wander around all night knocking on doors and hoping she ran into him . 
 stopping for a second at the end of the hallway , she fired off a quick text , then waited impatiently-and in vain-for an answer . 
 shaken dirty had been off-stage for fifteen minutes now . 
 surely jared should be back in possession of his phone by now . 
 unless he was in the shower . 
 or having mad phone sex with his fiancee , something she did n't want to think about but that was completely believable . 
 the thought made her a little sick , not because of jared , obviously , but because that girl 's words kept replaying in her head . 
 ryder , kinky . 
 ryder , all mine . 
 was he even now tying up some barely legal teenybopper and having his dark and wicked way with her ? 
 ugh . 
 she texted jared again , more emphatically this time . 
 the last thing she needed was to walk into the middle of that . 
 she waited a few more minutes , watching as dozens of girls streamed past her , all in groups of two or three . 
 most of them wore enough makeup to single-handedly supply a mac store and so few clothes it was a wonder they had n't developed hypothermia waiting for their turn to come in . 
 others were fresh-faced and thrilled to be there and reminded her so much of her high school and college selves that it was painful to look at them . 
 some days it felt like she 'd spent half her life waiting for ryder to notice her . 
 seconds later , darkness began to play onstage , and jamison finally decided to hell with it . 
 she crossed the bustling backstage area , doing her best to stay out of the way of the working roadies . 
 a couple of times she 'd started to ask for directions , but everyone had looked so busy that she had n't wanted to bother them . 
 plus , the music was so loud back here that they probably would n't be able to hear her anyway-especially since they all wore earplugs . 
 she was just wishing she 'd thought to bring her own set when she stumbled upon a long , winding hallway much like the one she 'd entered from . 
 figuring this was the area simon had been gesturing to , she headed about halfway down and then knocked on the door that mirrored his . 
 nothing happened , but she did n't know if that was because the dressing room was empty or because of the level of sound pouring off the stage . 
 she pounded again , and this time darkness wrapped up their opening song at the same time her knuckles were rapping on the wood . 
 they began to banter with the crowd , giving the eardrum-splitting music a rest for a few moments . 
 thank god . 
 seconds later , the door flew open and max casey , lead singer for oblivious , stood there , a grin on his way-too-handsome face . 
 he was shirtless and barefoot , with the top button of his jeans unfastened and a look on his face that screamed trouble . 
 jamison knew it was stupid , juvenile , but for long seconds , she could n't find her voice . 
 this was max casey , singer of one of her favorite bands ever , and he was staring at her like he wanted to go a round right here in the middle of the hallway . 
 she was n't tempted in the slightest , but still , all that angst and intensity was nearly palpable . 
 what was it with lead singers anyway ? 
 it was like they shot out pheromones that turned every woman within smelling distance into a blithering idiot . 
 `` come on in , '' he said , stepping backward and gesturing her inside . 
 `` no , thanks , '' she answered , proud of the fact that she 'd managed to untie the knots in her tongue and actually speak in something that resembled english . 
 she was n't interested , but she was female , and she 'd be lying if she said he had n't had an impact on her . 
 `` i 'm looking for shaken dirty . '' 
 `` what do you want with them ? 
 i promise , we 're a lot more fun . '' 
 a chorus of laughter sounded behind him , seeming to underscore his point . 
 `` i 'm sure you are , but jared - '' `` forget jared . 
 i 'm better in bed-and out of it , too . '' 
 what the hell ? 
 she tried to picture ryder or jared saying something so douchey but could n't manage it . 
 maybe she was more naive than she thought . 
 or maybe max casey was just a really big sleaze . 
 disgust replacing some of her involuntary excitement at meeting him , jamison took a couple of steps backward . 
 `` if you could just point me in the right direction ... '' a flicker of anger crossed his face but was gone so quickly that she decided she had imagined it . 
 especially when he said , `` i can do better than that . 
 if you really want to see jared , i 'll take you there . 
 things can get pretty confusing back here . '' 
 that was an understatement . 
 still she hesitated as , behind him , two girls called his name in pouty voices . 
 `` i do n't want to take you away from who you were doing . '' 
 as soon as the words were out of her mouth , she wanted to take them back . 
 talk about a freudian slip . 
 `` what ! 
 i meant what you were doing . '' 
 but max just laughed and pulled the door closed behind him . 
 `` they 'll keep . '' 
 he stepped closer , put a hand on the small of her back as he guided her farther down the hallway . 
 jamison stiffened at the proprietary touch , and the bitter scent of scotch that clung to him . 
 but when she tried to move away , he wrapped his hand around her waist and pulled her into his side . 
 `` seriously , '' she told him as alarm bells went off in her head . 
 `` jared 's my brother . 
 if you 'll just point me towards his dressing room - '' `` lighten up . 
 i told you i 'd take you there and i will . '' 
 the hand around her waist grew tighter and that 's when she went from being slightly alarmed to seriously starting to freak out . 
 still , she could n't imagine that she had anything to worry about from max freakin ' casey . 
 especially not when a bunch of people were only about thirty feet away . 
 at the same time , though , she was a big proponent of better safe than sorry . 
 `` really . 
 i 've got it . '' 
 she moved away , this time shoving at his restraining hand until he was forced to let her go . 
 then she pulled out her phone . 
 `` jared just texted me , '' she lied . 
 `` i know where i 'm going now . '' 
 `` you do n't need to run off so quickly . 
 stay and talk to me for a few minutes . '' 
 `` jared 's expecting me . '' 
 which was n't exactly true , but it was n't like she planned to hang around and argue with max . 
 not after getting her first good glimpse of his eyes . 
 he was high on a lot more than scotch-and it did n't look like a particularly nice high , at that . 
 `` thanks for the help , '' she told him , starting down the hallway at a fast clip . 
 she 'd only gone a few steps when he grabbed her from behind . 
 pushed her face-first up against the wall . 
 covered her body with his own . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she demanded , feeling once again like she was trapped in an alternate reality . 
 `` you 're going the wrong way . '' 
 he leaned forward and pressed his mouth to the back of her neck . 
 she hunched up her shoulders , tried to squirm away . 
 but he was a lot stronger than he looked and it only took a few moments for her to realize she was n't going anywhere if he did n't want her to . 
 `` come on , max , let go ! '' 
 she tried to cajole her freedom out of him , but the pounding rhythms had once again begun to roll off stage and she was reduced to shouting at him . 
 he just laughed , then put his mouth next to her ear and said , `` do n't worry . 
 you 'll get to jared soon enough . 
 i just want a taste , to see if you 're as nice and sweet as they all say you are . '' 
 `` let me go ! '' 
 she screamed , struggling in earnest now that it had begun to sink in that max did n't plan to take no for an answer . 
 he was too high or too conceited to understand that she really did n't want him . 
 that she was n't playing hard to get . 
 or maybe he just did n't care . 
 she did n't know , and it did n't matter anyway . 
 all that mattered now was getting out of there before she got the full max casey treatment . 
 she could n't believe she 'd ever thought he was attractive . 
 `` do n't you know who i am ? '' 
 he demanded as he pressed even closer . 
 `` i 'm max casey . 
 nobody says no to me . '' 
 he sounded so baffled that she might have felt sorry for him if she was n't desperately terrified that he was going to rape her right there in the hallway , thirty feet away from dozens of people who could n't hear her cries for help . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she shouted . 
 `` no ! 
 no ! 
 no ! '' 
 she brought her foot up , tried to catch his shin with her spiked heel-the stupid things should be good for something-but he only moved closer , so that his body was flush against hers and she had no wiggle room . 
 she nearly gagged when she felt him pressed against her . 
 `` stop it , max ! '' 
 she said , jerking from side to side as hard as she could . 
 but he was holding her so tightly she could n't get much traction . 
 `` stop it ! '' 
 she begged . 
 `` please , please , stop ! '' 
 he was n't listening or maybe he was just too high to listen . 
 either way , her stomach turned as he trailed his wet mouth over her shoulder . 
 `` come on , baby , '' he muttered , jerking her head back so he could press a sloppy kiss to her mouth . 
 `` just let it happen . '' 
 she bit him then , clamping her teeth down on his lower lip as hard as she could . 
 it was his turn to scream , to shove at her . 
 he pulled back a hand to hit her and she braced herself for the impact . 
 she 'd take a beating over rape any day . 
 but his hand never connected . 
 instead , he was pulled off of her and slammed into the opposite wall so hard she heard the thud even over the roar of the music . 
 she went with him part of the way , until he finally managed to untangle his hand from her hair and raise it in a misguided effort to defend himself . 
 even then it took jamison a second to realize what was happening , to realize that she was free . 
 when she did , she scrambled several feet down the hallway , desperate to simply get away . 
 but as she prepared to run , she got a glimpse of her rescuer 's face as he pinned max to the wall . 
 ryder . 
 it was ryder who had found her , ryder who had saved her . 
 and ryder who was currently shouting obscenities as he beat the hell out of the other singer . 
 chapter two `` are you out of your f ** king mind , max ? '' 
 ryder landed a blow straight to the other man 's nose as fury raced through him like a freight train . 
 `` are you really so f ** king high you think you can f ** king rape a girl ? '' 
 a one-two combo straight to max 's stomach . 
 `` who the f ** k do you think you are ? '' 
 he gave up punching him-max was n't putting up much of a fight-and started slamming him repeatedly against the wall . 
 `` who . 
 the . 
 fuck . 
 do . 
 you . 
 think . 
 you . 
 are ? '' 
 max gurgled completely unintelligible reply . 
 a warning went off in his head , told him to stop , but the blinding rage ripping through him made it impossible for him to listen . 
 when he 'd walked out of his dressing room and seen max forcing himself on that girl , all he 'd been able to think about was carrie . 
 about what some a ** hole in their local battle of the bands challenge had done to her . 
 and how she 'd never recovered . 
 how she 'd always blamed him for not being there for her . 
 how he 'd always blamed himself . 
 pulling his fist back , he plunged it into max 's face again . 
 the guy was a total douche . 
 this was n't the first time ryder had thought he overstepped his bounds with a woman , but it was the first time it had been blatant enough that he could do something besides making a comment about it . 
 the first time , that he 'd ever seen , that max had actually laid hands on an unwilling woman . 
 the thought that this might have happened before and he just had n't seen it , had bile churning in his gut . 
 he channeled it , continued whaling on max . 
 by the time he was done with him , the other singer would think three or four times before he ever put his hands on another unwilling woman . 
 `` ryder . '' 
 the girl max had been hassling called his name in a tremulous voice , but it barely registered . 
 he was too intent on making sure max would n't hurt another woman the way he 'd tried to hurt this one . 
 `` ryder , stop . '' 
 her voice was more insistent now , and familiar . 
 very familiar . 
 `` come on , ryder . 
 you need to stop or you 'll kill him . 
 please . 
 that 's enough . '' 
 he turned to her , dazed , , his fist still cocked in midair . 
 for long seconds he was n't sure he was really seeing her , that she was really there . 
 `` jamison ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i 'm okay , ryder . 
 you stopped him . 
 you got here before he did anything . '' 
 `` jamison , '' he repeated again as he finally relinquished his hold on max 's shirt . 
 it had been the only thing keeping the other singer upright and left to his own devices , he slid slowly down the wall to land in a bloody heap on the floor . 
 ryder did n't even spare him a glance . 
 instead , he wrapped an arm around his best friend 's little sister and pulled her into his chest . 
 `` are you really okay ? '' 
 he could n't believe she was here . 
 could n't believe that she was the woman max had just been assaulting . 
 the fury came back , burning hotter than ever . 
 there was a part of him that wanted to keep beating on max until the other man was unconscious . 
 until he 'd ripped him apart with his bare hands . 
 he 'd touched jamison . 
 he 'd scared jamison . 
 the bastard did n't deserve to live . 
 more than prepared to finish what he started , he turned back around with a growl . 
 would have started back in on max all over again if jamison , pale-faced but solid , had n't grabbed onto him and held him in place . 
 not with her strength , but with the look on her face . 
 with the words that she spoke . 
 he stiffened as her words hit home . 
 he pulled away , not liking the way her voice had gone all soft and grateful . 
 he did n't deserve her gratitude , did n't deserve anything when he 'd almost been too late.his gut clenched as he was bombarded with images of what might have happened to jamison if he had n't come out when he had . 
 even worse , of what might very well have happened some other night to some other woman while he 'd been safely ensconced in his dressing room . 
 he shut his brain down , not wanting to go there tonight . 
 but what he wanted and what he got were often two very different things-rarely did he catch more than a couple hours of sleep before the nightmares found him . 
 tonight would n't be any different . 
 especially not after what had just happened with max . 
 not to mention what had made him leave his dressing room to begin with . 
 he 'd showered crazy fast , had a drink , then had slammed into the hallway with some asinine idea of trying to find the redhead in the purple dress . 
 the one he 'd seen while onstage and had felt such an incredible pull toward . 
 the one he 'd spent the whole second half of the concert singing to , while his brain filled up with one lascivious thought after another . 
 looking at jamison now , standing in front of him in her pretty violet dress , he felt lower than low . 
 he had n't recognized her from the stage , had n't known he 'd been lusting after jared 's little sister-and one of his closest friends . 
 and now that he did , he did n't know what the hell to do with all the thoughts-the needs-that were still clawing at him from the inside . 
 behind him , max finally stirred and he clenched his fists against the urge to beat the a ** hole all over again . 
 after all , it 'd kill two birds with one stone-release some of the escalating tension inside of him and teach the a ** hole the importance of understanding the word no . 
 `` come on , let 's get you into the dressing room , '' he told jamison , leaning close to her and speaking loudly to be heard over darkness 's set . 
 `` check you over and make sure you 're okay . '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' she told him again , staring up at him until he was forced to look into her violet eyes . 
 they were shadowed , but they were also steady . 
 that calmed him more than anything else could have . 
 at least until he glanced down and realized the red on her lips was blood , not lipstick . 
 `` you 're bleeding . '' 
 the words cut like broken glass as he forced them from his suddenly tight throat . 
 `` he hurt you . '' 
 she raised a trembling hand to her mouth and that 's when he realized she was n't as unaffected as she wanted him to believe . 
 her eyes told one story , but those blue-tipped fingers told another . 
 a fresh wave of fury tore through him . 
 `` i do n't think it 's my blood , '' she said , after a minute . 
 her voice was rife with satisfaction . 
 `` i bit his lip when he tried to kiss me . '' 
 that matter-of-fact satisfaction was what finally convinced him she was okay . 
 `` a shame you did n't get his tongue . 
 i 'd like to see him try to explain why he could n't sing after that . '' 
 `` there 's no way i want his tongue close enough to me to bite , thank you very much . 
 besides , i do n't think he 'll be singing for a while . 
 or doing anything else for that matter . '' 
 she glanced over his shoulder . 
 `` maybe we should call an ambulance . '' 
 `` he 'll be all right . 
 i did n't break anything . '' 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 because he knew what it felt like to break a bone-his own and someone else 's . 
 knew just how much pressure he had to exert to get the job done . 
 and he had n't gone there with max . 
 not because he had n't wanted to damage the guy permanently , but because if he 'd broken bones the fight would have been over a hell of a lot sooner . 
 `` i just know , '' he finally told her , hoping she would n't press . 
 she did n't . 
 not , he knew , because she was n't curious , but because the specter of his past was always there between them . 
 it was just one of the many reasons he 'd kept his distance from her throughout the last decade . 
 she was too tender-hearted . 
 when she looked at him , empathy brimming in those crazy amethyst eyes of hers , it made him want to say things that should never be spoken out loud . 
 things that , once said , could n't be unsaid . 
 his dick surged at the thought of connecting to jamison like that , only got harder as images of stripping her out of that violet dress and kissing every inch of her soft , voluptuous body blasted through his brain . 
 but the crash of need was followed by an even stronger wave of self-loathing . 
 this was jared 's sister , the same girl he 'd comforted after she 'd forgotten her lines in the school play or broken up with her first boyfriend . 
 he had no business thinking of her as anything but a friend . 
 `` where 's jared ? '' 
 she asked , bringing him back to reality with a thud . 
 he jerked his chin toward the dressing room shaken dirty had been using the last couple of days . 
 `` come on . 
 i 'll take you to him . '' 
 he wrapped an arm around her shoulder and propelled her down the hall , doing his best to be gentle . 
 he did n't know if max had bruised her or just scared her , but he was n't taking the chance of hurting her . 
 as they passed oblivious 's dressing room , he pounded on the door hard enough to be heard over the blaring music . 
 a few seconds later it swung open to reveal the band 's nearly nak * d bass player . 
 each of his arms was wrapped around a different girl . 
 `` what 's up , man ? 
 you want to party ? '' 
 jake stepped back as if to let them in . 
 ryder jerked a thumb over his shoulder . 
 `` you might want to check on max . '' 
 `` what 's wrong with him ? '' 
 `` i just beat the shit out of him . '' 
 `` what 'd you do that for ? '' 
 the guy looked more surprised than concerned . 
 `` because he 's an a ** hole . '' 
 for a second , it looked like jake was going to argue with him . 
 eventually , though , he just shook his head . 
 `` true that . '' 
 after disentangling himself from the groupies , he called , `` max f ** ked up again . 
 someone give me a hand . '' 
 satisfied that there 'd be no problems from oblivious 's front-though he did n't really give a shit if there were-ryder moved on to his own dressing room . 
 of course he 'd forgotten the damn key , so he had to pound on the f ** king door and wait until one of his bandmates deigned to let him in . 
 wyatt was the one who finally answered , a dark scowl on his face . 
 `` where 's the fire , a ** hole ? 
 i was just about to - '' he broke off in mid-sentence when he saw jamison , a dull flush creeping up his world-famous cheekbones . 
 `` jelly bean ! 
 what are you doing here ? 
 i thought you were n't coming 'til tomorrow night . '' 
 `` i wanted to surprise you guys . '' 
 `` well , you did that . '' 
 wyatt opened his arms and jamison walked right into them . 
 wyatt gave her a huge bear hug and then reluctantly passed her on to quinn and micah , who were crowding him from behind . 
 figuring jamison was in good hands , ryder headed toward the bathroom . 
 opening the closed door without bothering to knock , he shouted to jared , who was in the shower , `` jamison 's here . '' 
 `` what ? 
 now ? '' 
 `` yeah , now . 
 and i just beat the shit out of max casey . 
 thought you should know . '' 
 he closed the door before jared could pick his jaw up off the ground and bombard him with questions . 
 then crossed to the bar in the corner and poured jamison a shot of patron silver . 
 she was holding steady , but it was his experience that a shot of tequila worked wonders on frayed nerves . 
 by that time , wyatt and quinn had her settled on the sofa between them while micah was ushering three groupies out the door . 
 they did n't look exactly pleased , and once they were at the door , one of them grabbed onto him and refused to go . 
 ryder did n't envy him . 
 especially when the chick starting crying and begging him to let her stay . 
 seconds later , he all but slammed the door in her face . 
 which was rude , sure , but often necessary . 
 just one of the many reasons ryder did n't mess with groupies unless he had to . 
 ryder handed jamison the drink just as jared burst out of the bathroom . 
 he had a towel wrapped around his waist , but it was obvious that was all he 'd taken time to do . 
 he was still soaking wet . 
 jamison did n't seem to care as she launched herself at him . 
 he picked her up and twirled her around before giving her a smacking kiss on the cheek . 
 `` i did n't think you were coming until tomorrow night , jelly bean ! 
 i would have sent someone to bring you backstage before the concert if i 'd known you were here . '' 
 `` i have n't seen you guys play in eighteen months . 
 the last place i wanted to be during your set was backstage . 
 you were amazing , by the way . 
 the crowd loved you ! '' 
 `` they were a good crowd , '' jared told her . 
 she snorted . 
 `` for you . 
 they were n't anywhere near that enthusiastic when oblivious was onstage . 
 or for that first band . 
 what were they called again ? '' 
 `` eclipse . '' 
 ryder gritted out the name from between tightly clamped teeth . 
 `` oblivious sucks , '' he sneered . 
 just the sound of max casey 's band on her lips made him want to beat the shit out of the bastard all over again . 
 `` whoa . 
 what 's eating you ? '' 
 micah demanded . 
 before he could answer , jamison reached for the shot of tequila he 'd brought her and slammed it back like a pro . 
 he did n't know where she 'd learned to drink like that , but whoever had taught her had taught her well . 
 `` it 's my fault , '' she said after a second , glancing back at the door . 
 `` but believe me , i 've learned my lesson . 
 i am never going to try to surprise you again . '' 
 jared and the others looked confused , at least until ryder told them what he 'd interrupted in the hallway . 
 jared jumped up then , murder in his eyes , but ryder had been expecting that . 
 he crossed to the dressing room door , leaned back against it as he waited for his best friend to calm down . 
 it was going to take a few minutes . 
 for all of them , as wyatt , micah and quinn were nearly a protective of jamison as he and jared were . 
 not that he blamed them for being pissed , but the last thing that needed to happen was for them to go over and start whaling on max all over again . 
 just in case oblivious got the dumb idea to call the police , ryder did n't want anyone else going down for what he 'd done . 
 `` get out of my way , montgomery , '' jared growled . 
 `` not until you calm down , matthews , '' ryder answered with deliberate insolence . 
 `` i 'll calm down after i teach that bastard some manners . '' 
 he grabbed onto ryder 's shirt like he was going to rip him away from the door . 
 `` ryder already did that . '' 
 jamison jumped in , ducking under jared 's arm and insinuating herself between the two of them . 
 which was a really tight fit considering how close jared was standing to him-and the abundant nature of her curves . 
 not that he had noticed them or anything . 
 `` he took care of me , '' she continued . 
 `` i promise , jared . '' 
 `` did ryder break his damn neck ? 
 because if he did n't , he did n't take care of things to my satisfaction . '' 
 `` he wanted to . '' 
 she raised her hands to her brother 's , started peeling them off ryder 's shirt . 
 as she did , she shifted and her lush ass came into contact with his dick-through the not-thick-enough fabric of his jeans-for the very first time . 
 it felt better than it had any right to , especially considering she was his jared 's little sister . 
 hell , she was practically his little sister , ryder told himself as he worked to tamp down the unexpected flames the contact had caused . 
 he 'd spent so much of his adolescence at the matthews house that they were all practically family . 
 sucking air in through his teeth-she smelled as good as she felt-he plastered himself to the door in an effort to get away from all that gorgeous softness . 
 which might have worked if he had n't already been leaning against the damn thing . 
 or if jamison had n't taken advantage of the extra inch he 'd managed to eek out by wiggling herself even more firmly between them . 
 `` let him go , jared , '' she told her brother firmly . 
 `` he 's only trying to protect you the way he protected me . '' 
 yeah , jared , let me go , ryder urged his friend silently . 
 because if he did n't , in another minute they were all going to see just how non-protective ryder was suddenly feeling about jamison . 
 the thought only made him feel like more of a bastard . 
 especially when he remembered how he 'd found her , max pressed against her , his dick cradled in the very same spot that ryder 's was currently resting . 
 that thought galvanized him like nothing else could have . 
 out of patience , he shoved at jared . 
 hard . 
 and resisted , barely , the urge to go beat the shit out of max all over again . 
 his friend had n't been expecting the push and he stumbled back a little . 
 not far , but just enough for ryder to extricate himself from a situation that was rapidly becoming unbearable . 
 `` i took care of it , '' he said as he headed back to the bar , this time to pour drinks for all of them . 
 `` that a ** hole wo n't be bothering jamison , or any other woman , for a long damn time . '' 
 the words were as much a reassurance to himself as they were to jared , and ryder promised himself he 'd have another little talk with max in a couple of days-just to ensure he had , indeed , learned some manners . 
 the fight seemed to go out of his best friend at that . 
 `` i ca n't stand that he touched her . 
 i want to make him bleed . '' 
 `` jamison already did that . '' 
 as she explained how she 'd bitten the jerk , ryder tossed back a shot of tequila , then poured himself a second one . 
 he could still feel her . 
 still smell her , all peaches and cream and rich , sweet honey . 
 it should be illegal for a woman to smell that good . 
 to feel that good . 
 jared laughed as jamison demonstrated the wimpy way max had screamed when she 'd bitten him . 
 then he crossed to ryder and slapped him on the back . 
 `` it looks like the two of you really did n't need me , '' he said as he did his own shot of patron . 
 `` though i 'm not promising not to deck the bastard the next time i see him . '' 
 `` just let it go , '' jamison implored . 
 `` i have n't seen you guys in almost a year . 
 the last thing i want to do is spend the rest of the night talking about that jerk . '' 
 `` so what do you want to do ? '' 
 micah asked , draping a casual arm over jamison 's shoulders . 
 ryder watched him with narrowed eyes for long seconds , then did the second shot . 
 it seemed to him that lately micah had been getting way too friendly with women he had no business getting friendly with . 
 just last week in houston , he 'd been draped all over jared 's fiancee when the guitarist was n't around . 
 they 'd both had their clothes on , but still . 
 ryder had n't liked the looks of it-any more than he liked the looks of this . 
 it took every ounce of concentration he had not to tell the jerk to back the f ** k off . 
 jamison obviously did n't mind , though , as she snuggled deeper into micah 's embrace . 
 `` what do you think ? 
 you guys killed it tonight . 
 i want to celebrate . '' 
 `` hell , yeah ! '' 
 wyatt said . 
 `` let 's go get drunk . '' 
 `` not quite what i had in mind , '' jamison told him dryly . 
 `` oh , yeah ? 
 what did you have in mind ? '' 
 micah asked , pushing one of her long red curls back from her face . 
 ryder fought the sudden , inexplicable urge to plow his fist into his bandmate 's face . 
 maybe micah was n't the problem after all . 
 maybe he was , he decided as he slowly relaxed his fist . 
 he had no reason to be thinking like this . 
 feeling like this . 
 and he 'd do well to remember that . 
 `` i want you guys to take me dancing , '' jamison said . 
 `` dancing ? '' 
 quinn repeated incredulously . 
 `` yes , dancing . 
 there are a ton of great clubs around here . 
 it 'll be fun . '' 
 she turned to him for support , just as she 'd been doing since she was ten damn years old . 
 `` right , ryder ? '' 
 `` yeah , sure . 
 big fun . '' 
 he slammed back a third shot . 
 jared was looking at him strangely , but ryder ignored him . 
 if he was actually going to have to get out on a dance floor with jamison and all those gorgeous curves of hers-or worse , stand there while she snuggled up to the rest of the guys-he was going to be dead drunk when he did it . 
 anything else did n't bear thinking about . 
 chapter three sitting at the bar in the vip section of one of the most popular clubs in san diego 's gaslamp quarter , jamison tossed back her third shot of tequila under her big brother 's watchful eye . 
 she knew the look on his face , knew it was only a matter of time before he demanded to know what the hell was up with her . 
 while she enjoyed a shot of patron as much as the next girl , she 'd never been one to down three of them in a row . 
 never been one to over-imbibe at all , to be honest . 
 which was depressing , now that she thought about it . 
 how had she gotten to the ripe old age of twenty-three without ever being drunk ? 
 she 'd gone to college , even dated a frat guy or two . 
 not to mention spent most of her adolescence hanging out with a rock band . 
 how could she not have thrown caution to the wind at least once in all that time ? 
 she was making up for her teetotaling tonight , she decided , as she gestured to the bartender for another shot . 
 jared started to object , but the look she sent him told him to butt out . 
 if a girl could n't get drunk with five of her closest friends in the world after losing her boyfriend , her job , and her car all in the same week , then when exactly was she supposed to get drunk ? 
 the bartender slid the shot in front of her and she reached for it . 
 but another hand closed around it first . 
 highly indignant , she turned around to give whichever of the guys had stolen her drink a piece of her mind , only to freeze as she found ryder standing behind her , his eyes dark and intense as he waited for her reaction . 
 the club was hot-even back here where there were n't so many people-and she watched , helplessly , as a single drop of sweat rolled down his throat . 
 it disappeared beneath the collar of his simple , black v-neck and for a second she wanted to go after it . 
 to lick up the salty-sweetness of it before tracing his beautiful chest and abs with her lips . 
 her tongue . 
 after so many years of wondering , she was dying to know what he tasted like . 
 ryder 's eyes narrowed , almost as if he knew what she was thinking . 
 then he shifted closer , his hard thighs brushing against her hip , his chest mere centimeters from her own . 
 she knew he was playing with her , crowding her just to see how she would react , as all of the guys were want to do on occasion . 
 if it had been one of the other guys who 'd stolen her drink , she would have elbowed him in the stomach or bumped him with her knee as she tried to wrestle it away from him . 
 but this was n't wyatt or micah or quinn . 
 this was ryder and no matter how much she longed to touch him , she knew she would n't do it . 
 not now , when she was so turned on by his proximity that she was afraid to open her mouth . 
 if she did speak , she knew she was going to end up revealing just how much she wanted him . 
 not the smoothest move , especially when her very over-protective big brother was only inches away . 
 under her mesmerized eyes , ryder lifted the shot to his lips . 
 tilted his head back . 
 slammed down the clear liquid . 
 his throat worked as he swallowed and jamison was so tempted to grab him , to jump him , that for a second she thought about sitting on her hands , just to be safe . 
 but then he was getting even closer to her , his muscular chest rubbing against her aching n ** ples and she forgot all about her no touching rule . 
 her hands went to his waist of their own volition , her fingers weaving themselves through his belt loops as he pressed her back against the bar . 
 holy shit ! 
 even with her brain muddled with alcohol , she could n't believe this was happening . 
 could n't believe that after all these years , after all this time , ryder was doing this here . 
 now . 
 with jared only a few feet away . 
 not that she cared . 
 at that moment , the only thing that mattered was the fire exploding between the two of them . 
 ryder was touching her , was leaning in to kiss her , was - her real-life fantasy crashed down around her as he snagged a lime slice from the glass of them on the bar behind her . 
 then he was stepping away , biting into the tart fruit with a careless grin and an off-the-cuff comment to jared about one of the women down the bar . 
 her brother ignored the woman-he was too in love with his fiancee , who also happened to be his high school girlfriend , to pay attention to any of the women buzzing around him . 
 still , heat exploded in jamison 's cheeks as she realized what an idiot she 'd been . 
 all that fire between them , all that need she 'd felt welling up , had been completely one-sided . 
 he had n't been brushing against her because he wanted to , but because he needed to reach something . 
 it was humiliating . 
 and somehow so much worse than if he actually had realized what was going on inside of her . 
 at least then she would know he saw her as a person , as someone beyond his best friend 's little sister . 
 as it stood , she felt more like the band 's asexual mascot than the sexy , desirable woman she so wanted to be for him . 
 to him . 
 it was doubly humiliating when she considered the fact that that groupie had been so certain she could get him into bed . 
 that she could satisfy him . 
 what did some heavily made-up little tart have that she did n't , jamison wondered bitterly . 
 besides the ability to attract ryder , that is ? 
 ryder signaled for another round of shots , then scooted between jared and her to rest his elbows on the bar . 
 he was turned away from her , talking to jared , but suddenly she could n't stand to be close to him . 
 to have his body brushing carelessly , meaninglessly , against her own when she was still so wound up she wanted to beg him to touch her . 
 not that she would ever do that , she assured herself . 
 if ryder did n't want her then there was n't a chance she was going to beg for it . 
 the bartender placed three shots of patron down in front of them , and before she could think about what she was doing , jamison slammed them back , one after the other . 
 her head spun as she slapped the last glass onto the counter and she realized jared and ryder were both staring at her , wide-eyed . 
 forcing a grin she was far from feeling , she sent them a what 's - the-problem look . 
 at that moment the dj-bless his heart-spun out a beyonce song from a couple of years before and she turned toward the front of the club . 
 `` i want to dance , '' she tossed over her shoulder as she made her way to the crowded dance floor . 
 now that she was walking , the room was spinning like a top , and it took every ounce of concentration she had not to stumble as she weaved through the crush of bodies . 
 but she was determined to make a dignified exit-she could feel their eyes on her and there was no way she was going to look like some stupid kid who could n't hold her liquor in front of ryder . 
 even if it were true . 
 micah was leaving the dance floor as she got there , towing a cute blonde in a hot pink dress behind him . 
 she waved at him , and he wagged a finger back and forth between him and her-asking if she wanted him to stay with her . 
 she did , but she did n't want to cramp his style either . 
 the blonde definitely did n't look like she wanted to share . 
 so jamison just shook her head and burrowed into the crowd on the dance floor . 
 she did n't stop until she was practically in the middle , and then she closed her eyes and started to move . 
 just because she could n't have ryder did n't mean she could n't have a good time . 
 ... `` you are n't really going to leave her alone out there , are you ? '' 
 ryder demanded of jared . 
 the crowd was thick , especially on the dance floor , but jamison 's red hair made her unmistakable . 
 his jaw-and body-clenched as she tilted her head back and moved to the music . 
 she was n't the most scantily dressed woman out there , and he knew objectively that she might not be considered the most beautiful . 
 but she was to him . 
 he was mesmerized , could n't take his eyes off of her . 
 she was dancing like the song was meant for her , shoulders swaying and curvy h * ps swinging in perfect synchronicity with the catchy lyrics . 
 her crazy corkscrew curls were flying in every direction , and the look on her face was sexy as hell . 
 eyes closed , cheeks flushed , full , crimson-slicked lips parted invitingly , she looked like a goddess . 
 when she leaned back , shaking out her hair in time to the music , he realized he was n't the only guy in the place who had noticed . 
 a bunch of the men on the dance floor-even some who were dancing with other women-were looking at her like she was a shiny present they could n't wait to unwrap . 
 it made him crazy . 
 nearly as crazy as brushing against her full , soft br ** sts had made him earlier . 
 he should n't have done it . 
 he 'd known it at the time , but he had n't been able to help himself . 
 reaching for the lime had just been an excuse . 
 he 'd wanted to touch her , to feel all that softness pressed up against him if even for a minute . 
 he 'd meant to tease her a little bit , but all he 'd ended up doing was torturing himself . 
 which was nuts . 
 she was one of his closest friends in the world , not to mention his best friend 's baby sister , and he had no business noticing how lush her br ** sts were . 
 how curvy her ass was . 
 how long her legs were . 
 he 'd known her since she wore pigtails and played with barbies . 
 thinking about how much he liked the way she looked was sick . 
 twisted . 
 as was sitting there as a bunch of men lusted after her . 
 she 'd already gotten into trouble once today . 
 he 'd be damned if he sat by and watched while it happened again . 
 `` you 're really not going to do anything ? '' 
 he again demanded of jared , who seemed more interested in his drink than he was in keeping jamison safe . 
 `` and get my ass handed to me ? '' 
 jared asked with a smirk . 
 `` you know how she gets if i interfere too much . 
 besides , wyatt and quinn are out there . 
 they 've got her back . '' 
 ryder turned around , scanned the crowd near where jamison was dancing . 
 sure enough , his drummer and keyboardist had ditched the women they 'd been hanging with and had started dancing with jamison instead . 
 it should have made him feel better , did make him feel better . 
 at least until the music changed to a slow song and she threw her arms around quinn 's neck and whispered in his ear . 
 quinn laughed at whatever she told him , then settled his hands on her waist and pulled her close . 
 too close , in ryder 's opinion , but a glance at jared-who was totally relaxed as he nursed a beer-told him he might be overreacting a little . 
 the knowledge did nothing to cool his blood , or the sudden urge he had to break his bandmate 's fingers . 
 who cared if they were at the beginning of a worldwide tour ? 
 the guy did n't actually need his fingers to play the keyboard , did he ? 
 feeling like an idiot for being so overprotective , yet unable to do anything about it , ryder turned to the bartender to order another drink . 
 when the shot came , he tossed it back , gestured for another . 
 it was going to be a bad night-was already a bad night-and after years of them , he knew getting shit-faced was the only way he was going to make it through . 
 except , when he turned back to the dance floor , quinn was making his way back toward the bar and jamison was slow-dancing with someone else . 
 someone who was n't wyatt or micah . 
 someone who looked like he was seconds away from putting his hands all over jamison 's sexy ass . 
 she was n't pushing him away , but she 'd had way too much to drink tonight , so it was n't like her judgment synapses were firing on all cylinders . 
 jared might be too stupid to figure out his sister was in trouble , but ryder was n't going to make that mistake ever again . 
 adrenaline roared through him and he was halfway across the club before he even realized what he was doing . 
 the a ** hole on the dance floor had moved his hands so that they rested on jamison 's lower back . 
 it would n't be long before he moved them lower still . 
 ryder grabbed onto jamison 's elbow as soon as he reached her . 
 `` my turn , '' he said , spinning her to face him . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 the jerk she 'd been dancing with started to object , but ryder did n't give him a chance . 
 he snarled , `` get lost ! '' 
 at the same time he shoved the loser hard in the chest . 
 the guy 's fists clenched and for a minute , it looked like he was going to come after ryder . 
 but a well-placed glare had him turning tail and slinking back into the crowd he 'd come from . 
 ryder smiled grimly . 
 sometimes looking like a badass really did pay off . 
 and sometimes it did n't . 
 he turned to find jamison staring at him , a furious look on her face . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she demanded , voice about three octaves higher than it normally was . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` i 'm dancing ! '' 
 `` you 're drunk . '' 
 `` so what ? '' 
 `` that guy had his hands all over you ! '' 
 she narrowed her eyes , tossed all of that glorious hair , and it took every ounce of self-control he had not to reach out and touch it . 
 not to wrap it around his fist and tug her closer to him . 
 not to - he shifted uncomfortably as his c * ck grew hard . 
 damn it . 
 what the hell was wrong with him ? 
 `` it 's called dancing ! '' 
 he saw red , even as he shot her a disbelieving look . 
 `` yeah , well it looked like an invitation to f ** k to me . '' 
 she blanched . 
 `` you 're being a real jerk . '' 
 `` and you 're being careless . 
 you do n't know these guys . 
 you ca n't trust them . '' 
 `` i just wanted to dance . '' 
 her voice shook a little and her amethyst eyes were nearly incandescent with rage . 
 and something else . 
 something that looked a lot like hurt . 
 it made him feel like a total prick for throwing what had happened earlier in her face . 
 he 'd wanted to protect her , not hurt her . 
 she was his friend , jared 's little sister . 
 it was his job to look out for her . 
 was n't it ? 
 he glanced back at the bar , where jared was deep in conversation with quinn . 
 but if jared was n't concerned , why should he be ? 
 jamison was entitled to have a little fun , was n't she ? 
 especially after the evening she 'd had . 
 of course she was . 
 he stepped back , thrust a frustrated hand through his hair . 
 `` sorry , '' he muttered . 
 `` i made a mistake . '' 
 except it had n't felt like a mistake . 
 getting that guy 's hands off jamison had felt as necessary as breathing . 
 he shook his head to clear it . 
 he needed another drink . 
 badly . 
 `` you are n't just going to leave me out here alone , are you ? '' 
 jamison grabbed onto the back waistband of his jeans . 
 `` i still need a dance partner . '' 
 he froze . 
 her fingers were brushing against his lower back , setting off all kinds of sensations deep inside of him . 
 `` i need a drink , '' he told her , refusing to turn around . 
 `` and i need to dance . '' 
 she let go of his waistband and ryder breathed a sigh of ... relief ? 
 disappointment ? 
 he could n't tell . 
 at least not until her arms wrapped around his waist and she splayed herself against him . 
 he nearly groaned at the feel of her br ** sts pressed against his back . 
 what the hell was she up to ? 
 and then she started to move , swaying softly to the ballad that had just started . 
 it was one of theirs : `` entice . '' 
 he and wyatt had written the lyrics during a three day bender-after wyatt had broken up with his girlfriend-and ryder had added the music about a week later . 
 it was a favorite of his . 
 a favorite of a lot of people , it seemed , since it was currently sitting at number three on the charts after a seventeen week run at number one . 
 he 'd heard the song a million times , had analyzed every word in the verses he 'd helped put together , but this was the first time he 'd really connected with the chorus wyatt had insisted upon . 
 i push , you pull . 
 i walk . 
 you run . 
 i reach for you and you slip away . 
 why do you entice me so ? 
 why do you eentice me so ? 
 i 'm stunned . 
 i 'm stunned . 
 i 'm stunned . 
 it was surreal standing here , listening to his voice as he sang about the same emotions that were currently ripping through him . 
 `` what are you doing , jamison ? '' 
 he demanded , turning to face her . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he started to snap at her , to tell her not to mess with his head . 
 but her eyes were slightly unfocused and this time when she swayed , he knew it had a lot more to do with the tequila she 'd consumed than the music currently blasting through the club . 
 he could n't be angry with her when she was drunk , and he could n't blame her for being drunk after what had happened earlier . 
 which meant there was only one thing he could do . 
 dance with her . 
 because there was no way he was leaving her out here , vulnerable to any jerk who wanted to take advantage . 
 jared could act as unconcerned as he wanted , but he knew the second jamison started grabbing on to strangers the way she was currently grabbing on to him , her big brother would be all over that shit . 
 it seemed ... expedient to just dance with her himself and keep things on an even keel . 
 gritting his teeth , he turned back to jamison . 
 took her in his arms . 
 and did his damnedest not to notice how sweet she smelled . 
 or how soft she was . 
 or how perfect her body felt pressed against his own . 
 she rested her head on his shoulder-he was suddenly , absurdly grateful for the five-inch heels she wore that enabled her to do that . 
 she was tall for a woman , about five-eight in her bare feet . 
 but he was six-foot-five and it was n't often he could just bend his head and place his cheek on a woman 's head . 
 he did it now , savoring the sweet peaches-and-cream scent of her and the way her crazy hair tickled his nose . 
 `` thanks , '' she murmured . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 `` for this . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` no one 's ever worried about me before . 
 it feels kind of nice . '' 
 he stiffened . 
 `` jared worries about you . '' 
 `` that 's not the same thing . 
 he 's my brother . 
 he has to worry . '' 
 `` and what am i ? '' 
 he held his breath , unsure of what her answer would be . 
 suddenly unsure of what he wanted it to be . 
 she pulled back , looked up at him with wide , shimmering eyes . 
 `` you 're ryder . '' 
 he tamped down on the frustration-and the arousal-raging through him . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` you see who i really am instead of what you want to see . '' 
 she sighed , snuggled back into him . 
 `` just like i see you . '' 
 he froze at her words , at the implication that she saw all the things he wanted to hide . 
 the thought pissed him off , terrified him . 
 but it also turned him on-he hated to admit that , but it was n't like he could deny it while his dick grew impossibly harder by the second . 
 he shifted away , not wanting jamison to feel how she affected him . 
 she stumbled as he moved his h * ps back , fell against him . 
 he gritted his teeth , started to move back a second time . 
 but again , she flopped against him . 
 anger ripped through him . 
 why was she doing this ? 
 did she really want to drive him crazy ? 
 he put his hands on her shoulders , nudged her back so he could see her face . 
 and that 's when it hit him . 
 he was an idiot . 
 jamison was n't deliberately trying to get close to him , was n't trying to make him want her at all . 
 all the while he 'd been lusting after her , she 'd been so drunk that she 'd passed out cold in the middle of the dance floor . 
 chapter four jamison woke up in the dark , with a pounding headache , a fuzzy brain , and absolutely no idea of where she was . 
 the last thing she remembered was downing three shots of tequila in a row . 
 she had a fuzzy recollection of dancing with wyatt and quinn some time afterward , but that was it . 
 there were no memories of how the night had ended or how she 'd gotten to wherever she currently was . 
 she should have been panicking-and any other time she probably would have . 
 but she 'd been with shaken dirty last night . 
 there was no way her brother or ryder , or the others , would have let anything happen to her . 
 and there was no way they would have let her do something stupid like go home with some strange guy . 
 groaning , she rolled over and buried her face in one of the pillows . 
 ugh . 
 and her friends from college had wondered why she did n't like to party ? 
 who wanted to be so out of control that they could n't remember anything they 'd said or done the night before ? 
 or worse , so out of control that they 'd had to entrust their own safety to someone else ? 
 it was humiliating , especially considering what had almost happened to her backstage last night . 
 face still buried in the pillow , she tried to make sense of the shattered edges of her consciousness . 
 she definitely remembered dancing with wyatt . 
 she 'd flirted with micah , she thought , though she could n't recall anything that had been said . 
 and she 'd ... slow-danced with ryder ? 
 the thought had her shaking all over again , trepidation swamping her as she wondered what she 'd said . 
 what she 'd done . 
 whether she would be able to look him in the eye once it got light or not . 
 she 'd spent years hiding her feelings for him . 
 the idea that she had blown all that in one night was horrifying . 
 but no matter how hard she tried to remember , nothing came to her . 
 it was like the memories were there , buried beneath a pile of quicksand . 
 every time she reached for them she started to sink , but somehow never got any closer to what she wanted to remember . 
 it was awful . 
 taking a deep breath , jamison told herself to calm down . 
 but it was easier said than done , even when she was distracted by the delicious scent of the pillow she currently had her face buried in . 
 it smelled warm and fresh , like citrus mixed with the wild saltiness of the ocean . 
 it smelled , she realized with no small amount of apprehension , like ryder . 
 which was a crazy thought , she assured herself . 
 if she was in anyone 's bed , it was probably jared 's , while he crashed somewhere else . 
 her brother might trust ryder and the other guys with his own life , but he 'd made it clear early on that he was n't nearly as trusting with his sister 's virtue . 
 his over-protectiveness had driven her crazy when she 'd been younger , drove her even crazier now . 
 but at the same time , she could n't help appreciating it . 
 there was something to be said for knowing that when she was with him and the rest of the band , she was safe . 
 she sat up gingerly , looked around . 
 she could n't see much in the dark , but what little she could see made it obvious that she was n't on the tour bus . 
 the bed was way too big , the room far too opulent . 
 she was definitely in a hotel , and from the looks of it , in one of the fanciest rooms in the place . 
 which meant she was probably back in the guys ' hotel suite . 
 jared had mentioned that they only stayed on the tour bus if they were on the move . 
 if they were in the same city for more than one show , the label usually put them all up at a hotel . 
 knowing she was n't going to be able to go back to sleep until she knew for sure where she was , jamison pushed off the covers and climbed carefully to her feet . 
 the room spun around her a little bit , but she did n't feel nauseous . 
 just thirsty and headachy . 
 she reached for the bedside lamp , switched it on , then cursed as the pain in her head exploded one hundred fold . 
 after slapping at the lamp until she managed to turn it off again , she sank onto the bed for a second and waited for the pain to subside . 
 as she did , she cursed herself . 
 what on earth had made her think partying like a rock star would be a good idea ? 
 for some reason , ryder 's pissed-off but concerned face hovered at the back of her eyelids , and she groaned . 
 prayed that it was just a hallucination and not a memory . 
 she could handle a lot of things without freaking out-obviously-but making a fool of herself in front of ryder was not one of those things . 
 for a second she actually contemplated sneaking out in the middle of the night rather than facing him in the morning , but she knew that would only worry jared and the others . 
 even with a sketchy memory , she was certain she 'd already done more than enough of that at the club . 
 eventually the pain subsided to a dull ache and she stood up a second time . 
 then headed for the attached bathroom , where she rinsed her face and brushed her teeth in an effort to feel somewhat human , before fumbling her way down the short hallway to what looked like a living room . 
 someone had left a small lamp burning and the tv was on low , an infomercial about acne medicine in full swing . 
 she would have rolled her eyes at the ridiculous claims it was making , but just breathing hurt at the moment . 
 eye rolling would be torturous . 
 instead , she headed around the couch toward the television set so she could turn it off , only to freeze when she realized ryder was stretched out on the couch , sound asleep . 
 she froze . 
 had she taken his bed , then ? 
 she blushed a little , grew warm as she thought about the fact that she had just crawled out from between ryder 's sheets . 
 that the warm , citrusy scent she 'd awoken to had indeed come from him sleeping the night before in the exact spot where she had been lying . 
 ryder drew her attention back to him when he rolled over in his sleep , mumbling something she could n't understand . 
 he looked so beautiful lying there . 
 so open and unguarded and innocent . 
 none of those were words she would normally apply to him-he 'd had a rough life and when awake , he wore his response to that roughness like a shield . 
 but here , now , asleep , he looked so vulnerable that it broke her heart . 
 before she even knew she was going to do it , jamison crouched down next to him . 
 he was shirtless , wearing only a pair of black pajama bottoms that rode low enough to reveal the cut lines of his abdomen . 
 she itched to touch him , to run her hands and lips over the strong contours of his chest . 
 the dark , sexy lines of the tattoos that covered so much of his torso . 
 but she did n't have that right . 
 he was n't hers , would never be hers , and she was n't so desperate that she would take while he was asleep what he would never give her while awake . 
 so instead , she just sat there , watching him in the dim light . 
 memorizing him . 
 after all , she 'd probably never get this opportunity again . 
 she studied his tattoos for long moments , wondering why she 'd never before noticed that the placement of the thick black tribal bands seemed to be imprisoning the phoenix on his arm even as it rose from the ashes . 
 it was one of the most beautiful pieces of ink she 'd ever seen , but looking at it now , from this angle , it was also devastating . 
 like so much of ryder was . 
 oh , she 'd seen him in this pose before-all wild hair , bare chest and bad-boy ink-in a layout for rolling stone . 
 just like tonight , his jaw had been shadowed with two days of facial scruff , his ears-and one of his n ** ples-pierced with thick hoops . 
 but the resemblance ended there . 
 for the photo shoot , ryder had obliterated any trace of vulnerability until all anyone looking at him could see was the carefully crafted image of sex , drugs , and badass rock and roll . 
 he wore the image well , so well that it was almost impossible to remember that it really was just a facade . 
 there was none of that distance while he was sleeping , no signs of the wall he usually kept between himself and the rest of the world . 
 instead he looked tired , worn-down , like the act of hiding his true self was too exhausting to handle . 
 it made her hurt , made her wish he could see how wonderful he was . 
 how he did n't have to hide who he was anymore . 
 not that she did n't understand . 
 when you grew up with a father like ryder 's , who beat your mother and you and then blamed your very existence on everything that was wrong in the world , it was hard to look past that and believe you were actually a worthy human being . 
 harder still to let anyone in , not when you were desperate to hide your perceived flaws . 
 ryder stirred again and she forced herself to her feet . 
 she could spend the rest of the night just sitting there , looking at him , but it was an invasion of his privacy . 
 one she knew he would n't take kindly to if he were aware of it . 
 a little steadier on her feet now that she was fully awake , jamison made her way to the bar in the corner of the suite . 
 she got herself a bottle of water out of the mini-fridge , drank it down in long , greedy swallows . 
 then got another one and started in on it at a much slower pace as she swallowed a couple of advil from the bottle sitting on the bar like it was waiting for her . 
 after re-capping the bottle , she made her way to the large picture window that gave her a glorious view of san diego . 
 the city looked so peaceful from way up here , so clean and beautiful and perfect . 
 she did n't know what hotel they were in , but it must be near the harbor because she could see an inky blackness past the fluorescent glow of the skyscrapers that could only be the water . 
 she smiled , a little giddy at the view . 
 she might not like partying with rock stars , but she certainly could n't find fault with living like them . 
 the suite was beautiful , the view amazing . 
 it was a far cry from the apartment shaken dirty used to share while they were waiting for their big break . 
 an even farther cry from her cramped little inland apartment , where bars on the windows and three locks on the door were necessities of life . 
 she reached out , traced a pattern on the glass as she looked at the sleeping city far below . 
 and thought about how dismal her immediate future looked . 
 she was n't sure how long she stood there , drinking her water and trying not to think as fatigue weighed heavily on her . 
 she had n't slept at all the night before-she 'd been too worried about the car , the boyfriend , the job and the meager state of her finances to relax enough to drift off . 
 and she must not have gotten much sleep yet tonight , either . 
 it had been close to two a.m. the last time she 'd glanced at her watch and if dawn was just now beginning to creep across the sky , she could n't have been out for very long . 
 which meant the guys would n't be up for hours . 
 that might have annoyed her normally-she was a total morning person-but at this exact moment , it felt just about right . 
 after all , it was n't like she had a job to get up for . 
 she could sleep as late as the guys would let her . 
 she 'd just crossed the room to turn the tv off when ryder made a strangled sound . 
 it was low , unintelligible , , fraught with discomfort and desperation . 
 her heart jumped to her throat and she whirled to face him , convinced he was going to be sick . 
 maybe she was n't the only one who had gotten drunk at the bar . 
 except her first good look at his face told her that sickness would have been preferable . 
 anything would be . 
 he looked terrified , traumatized , his eyes squeezed tightly shut and his mouth open in horror . 
 he was thrashing around , kicking out at the leg of the couch as he made terrible noises that cut to the very center of her . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 `` do n't ! 
 no ! 
 please . '' 
 heart in her throat , jamison dropped onto the floor beside him . 
 `` it 's okay , ryder . 
 it 's just a dream . '' 
 he was too lost in the nightmare to hear her . 
 she 'd read somewhere that you were n't supposed to wake someone who was in the middle of a bad dream , but she could n't leave ryder like this . 
 he was obviously suffering , was making low , animalistic sounds in the back of his throat . 
 she could n't , absolutely could n't , leave him like this . 
 `` ryder , please . '' 
 she put a light hand on his shoulder , shook him gently . 
 when that did n't work , she grabbed his hand in her own , squeezed tightly even as she wrapped her free arm around his waist in a loose kind of hug . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i 've got you , sweetie . 
 i 've got you . '' 
 his free hand shot out , fastened like a steel band around her wrist . 
 jamison squeaked in surprise , but she did n't fight him . 
 even when he tugged her closer and rolled her onto his prostrate body , she did n't fight . 
 this was ryder , and even asleep , even tormented , she knew he was n't like max . 
 knew he would never hurt her . 
 `` ryder , honey . 
 wake up , '' she whispered , her face only inches from his . 
 he did n't respond , did n't acknowledge with so much as a blink or a nod that he 'd heard her . 
 that freaked her out a lot more than being splayed on top of him did . 
 still , she scooted around , tried to sit up , hoping that the movement would pull him out of whatever strange sleep state he was in . 
 but all her squirming around got her was one large hand on her hip anchoring her in place and another one tangled in her hair . 
 `` ryder , '' she gasped , shocked at how breathless she sounded . 
 but she could n't help it . 
 his body-his hot , hard , aroused body-was pressed intimately against her own . 
 and though she knew he did n't have a clue what he was doing , that did n't seem to matter . 
 her n ** ples were hard , her br ** sts aching , her sex damp , all from the feel of ryder beneath her . 
 it was wrong , and she hated herself for it , but she could n't prevent her response any more than he could prevent his nightmares . 
 at the same time , she could n't let this continue . 
 she needed to get off him , now . 
 but as she shoved at his hands , tried to scramble onto the floor , he opened his eyes and stared directly into her own . 
 `` stay , '' he whispered . 
 she froze . 
 was he seeing her , talking to her ? 
 or was that one desperate word meant for someone else ? 
 `` please , jamison , do n't go . 
 do n't leave me . '' 
 his voice was low . 
 gravelly . 
 pleading . 
 and she was lost , even before he tugged her down and buried his face in her neck . 
 chapter five the last vestiges of ryder 's nightmare faded away , helped along by the honeyed peach scent of jamison stretched above him . 
 he knew he was still dreaming , knew in a few minutes he would open his eyes and these moments of peace would be gone . 
 but for now he would take the comfort this dream jamison was offering and lose himself in it . 
 revel in it . 
 taking a deep breath , he held her scent deep inside of himself as he battled once again to put the specters of his past behind him . 
 it was an unwinnable fight , one that was tearing him apart a little more with each day that passed . 
 but he had to try , had to search for just a small reprievefrom the pain of all the ways he 'd failed and all the things he 'd done wrong . 
 above him , jamison crooned wordless sounds of comfort . 
 her fingers combed gently through his hair , smoothing the tangled mess of it from his face . 
 he stiffened for a second-it had been so long since he 'd taken solace from anyone that at first he did n't know how to accept what she was offering . 
 but eventually he relaxed , gave himself up to her . 
 how could he do anything else when her touch was soothing him in a way nothing else had in far too long ? 
 he had no idea why she was here , now , in his dreams , but he was n't going to question it . 
 and he sure as hell was n't going to give her up , not when he could feel the tension and self-loathing slowly leaking away , burying themselves deep inside of himself where he kept them locked away when he was conscious . 
 the absence of pain , even for a little while , felt amazing . 
 he was n't sure how long he lay there , lost in the unfamiliar relief of having jamison surround him . 
 but he was grateful for every second the dream went on . 
 she did n't move , barely breathed , just wrapped herself around him and let him absorb her warmth and tenderness . 
 it had been so long since he 'd felt these emotions , even longer since he 'd let himself accept them . 
 but nothing lasted forever , especially not dreams . 
 it was how he 'd gotten through every night of the last decade since carrie had died-by knowing that eventually day would come and his nightmare would end . 
 this was different . 
 he did n't want it to end , did n't want to leave behind the serenity he was feeling . 
 but jamison started to squirm a little , her body moving over and against his until a different heat started to build between them . 
 he groaned at the feel of her , tightened his hand on her hip and pulled her closer until her sex ended up centered directly above his cock . 
 he would hate himself for this dream later , for reducing jared 's little sister to the basest sexual fantasy , but right now it felt so good that he could n't stop himself . 
 could n't resist . 
 besides , it was n't real . 
 no one else had to know what twisted , f ** ked-up ideas went on inside his head . 
 this was just one more thing for him to add to the pile of his self-loathing . 
 but later . 
 much later . 
 arching his hips , he ground himself against her seductive wetness and reveled in the shivers she did n't even try to hide . 
 her hard little n ** ples stabbed at him through the thin material of her shirt and his mouth watered with the need to taste . 
 to lick . 
 to suck . 
 he slid his hand up her rib cage . 
 he wanted to see her , to find out if her n ** ples were the same delicate pink as her lips . 
 as his fingers skimmed against the underside of her breast , she jerked against him , gasped . 
 he liked the sound , wanted to hear her make it again , so he flicked his thumb over her nipple . 
 once , twice . 
 then again and again until her entire body was trembling . 
 `` ryder , what are you doing ? '' 
 she demanded , her voice breaking on the last word . 
 he had no f ** king clue . 
 but it felt so good he did n't want to stop . 
 not now . 
 not ever . 
 bringing his other hand to her hip , he pressed jamison more firmly against him even as he swiveled his hips . 
 pleasure-sharp , powerful , overwhelming-shot through him at the contact and he groaned with the need for more . 
 with the need for everything . 
 he wanted her , wanted jamison , and suddenly no one else would do . 
 not when his brain was filled with images of kissing and touching and f ** king every part of her with every part of him . 
 he wanted to tie her up , to have her completely at his mercy as he gave her as much pleasure as she could stand . 
 wanted to bend her over the arm of this couch and f ** k her until she could n't think , could n't breathe , could n't see anyone but him . 
 wanted to sit her on his face and lick up every drop of her honeyed sweetness until she came , screaming his name . 
 it would n't take much . 
 he could smell her arousal , could feel the wet heat of her even through the thin cotton of her panties and his pajama pants . 
 the thought gave him pause for the first time since his nightmare had shifted into this much more pleasant erotic dream . 
 what the hell was his subconscious up to ? 
 why was jamison wearing panties ? 
 and why the f ** k was he in pajama bottoms ? 
 she should be nak * d , her sex wet and open to him so that he could slide right in - `` ryder ! '' 
 she was gasping now , her fingers tangling in his hair , tugging at him , even as her lower body rocked gently against his . 
 `` are you awake ? 
 are you - '' he darted his tongue out to lick at the hollow of her throat . 
 mmm . 
 she tasted as good as he 'd hoped . 
 he nipped at her collarbone and the sensitive skin of her neck , then used his tongue to lave away the small stings . 
 her heart was going crazy , beating so hard and fast that he could feel it against his chest even as he traced the frantic pulse at the base of her throat . 
 he appreciated her excitement-reveled in it , in fact-but again found it strange that her physical responses felt so real . 
 and then her fingers were in his hair , tightening to the point of pain . 
 her other hand slapped against his chest as she tried to shove herself up and away from him . 
 his arms went around her back and he tightened his hold , trying to keep her-to keep the dream-from slipping away . 
 he did n't want to go back to the cold , did n't want to be alone anymore . 
 not when the dream jamison had showed him just how much he was missing . 
 but she was insistent , her voice urgent now as she called his name . 
 `` ryder . 
 ryder ! 
 come on , ryder , wake up for me . 
 open your eyes . '' 
 she shook his shoulder , pulled at his hair , and the last vestiges of his dream fell away . 
 with a groan of dismay , he pushed himself into a sitting position . 
 but something was off . 
 there was a soft , warm weight on his lap , pressing against his chest . 
 a soft , warm , womanly weight . 
 alarm jolted through him , chasing away the last of his sleepiness . 
 he flipped open his eyes , tried to focus on the concerned face only inches from him . 
 and that 's when he knew . 
 none of the last few minutes-hours ? 
 - had been a dream . 
 jamison was on his lap . 
 her knees were straddling his hips . 
 and her sex , her soft , damp , glorious sex , was nestled intimately against his cock . 
 jared was going to kill him . 
 that is if ryder did n't do the job first himself . 
 ... if she 'd needed proof that ryder was n't really with it when he was touching her , jamison got it the second his eyes cleared and he was obviously awake . 
 a look of abject horror crossed his face , and then he stood up so quickly that he sent her sprawling , ass first , onto the carpet . 
 `` i 'm sorry ! '' 
 he exclaimed , extending a hand down to help her up . 
 but he looked so freaked out by what had happened that she ended up batting his hand away . 
 far be it for her to make him touch her when he so obviously did n't want to . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he asked after she made it to her feet . 
 she shot him a disbelieving look . 
 `` i only fell about a yard . '' 
 `` i meant - '' he broke off , ran a hand over the back of his neck . 
 `` you know . 
 i did n't mean to grab you like that . 
 did i hurt you ? '' 
 only by completely freaking out once you realized who you were touching . 
 she could n't say that , though , no matter how much his obvious revulsion hurt her . 
 what did it say about her that ryder montgomery , lead singer and sex god extraordinaire , was-for all intents and purposes-traumatized simply because he 'd touched her breast ? 
 oh , there was a part of her that knew this was more about who she was than what she looked like , but that part was nothing compared to the one screaming at her for being a fool . 
 for thinking , even for a second , that ryder might have wanted her . 
 might have been responding physically to her . 
 bad enough that she was jared 's sister and five-eight instead of the cute , pixie type girls ryder usually liked . 
 add in the fact that she was a size twelve instead of a two and she might as well have a reject-me sign plastered across her chest . 
 `` it 's fine . 
 you were asleep . 
 i get it . '' 
 she crossed back to the bar and got another bottle of water , more for something to do than out of any real thirst . 
 `` still , you should have hit me or something . '' 
 his foot was tapping against the carpet now , a surefire sign that his agitation was escalating . 
 `` i did n't mean to scare you . '' 
 `` i was n't scared ! 
 jesus , what kind of pansy ass do you think i am ? '' 
 he blinked at her for a few seconds , like he was shocked by her outburst or something . 
 but really , how many times could a guy apologize for touching a girl before her ego got a little-more like a lot-bruised ? 
 `` max nearly - '' `` give me a break . 
 there is no situation in which i would ever mistake you for him . 
 remember , i was the lucid one , not you . 
 if i were really concerned that you were going to hurt me , i would have racked you . 
 then i 'd be the one looking sick and apologizing while you were the one telling me to knock it off . '' 
 she paused , pretended to consider . 
 `` although , there is a chance you might not be as understanding as i am . '' 
 he snorted . 
 `` just a chance , huh ? '' 
 `` okay , a big chance . '' 
 she tossed him a bottle of water . 
 `` so , are we cool ? 
 you 're done beating yourself up for something you did when you were asleep ? '' 
 he drained the water in one long gulp , then slowly lowered the bottle so he could look at her with those crazy onyx eyes of his . 
 `` i was n't beating myself up . '' 
 `` dude , i can practically see the bruises from here . '' 
 `` i was just worried about you . 
 i did n't want you to think - '' `` and i was worried about you . 
 whatever you were dreaming about seemed pretty awful . 
 that 's why i went over to you to begin with . '' 
 she said it deliberately , to get him to stop apologizing , but the second the words actually hit the air between them , she wished she could take them back . 
 he literally shut down in front of her . 
 `` did it ? '' 
 he shrugged , but his face was carefully blank . 
 `` i do n't remember anything , so it must not have been that bad . '' 
 but he crossed to the bar , set down the water and pulled out a glass and a bottle of tequila instead . 
 `` have n't you had enough of that ? '' 
 the words burst out of her before she could stop them . 
 it was n't her business , but really . 
 if he spent every night drinking to avoid all the ghosts that tormented him , he was going to end up completely pickled by the time he was thirty-five . 
 he arched a brow at her . 
 `` that seems an awful lot like the pot calling the kettle black . 
 if i remember correctly , you 're the one who got so drunk she took three shots of patron , went out to dance , and ended up blacking out in my arms . '' 
 she felt heat creeping into her cheeks . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 it 's been a crappy week , but that 's no excuse . 
 i was completely irresponsible . '' 
 `` it happens to the best of us . '' 
 he saluted her with his shot of patron before knocking it back . 
 `` besides , i 'm not the one you need to be apologizing to . 
 you really freaked out jared . '' 
 she could only imagine . 
 `` yet he had you put me in your bed . '' 
 `` i do n't sleep much . 
 it made sense . '' 
 she bet . 
 with nightmares like the one she 'd seen haunting him , it was a wonder he got any sleep at all . 
 with that realization , the last of her anger at him drained away . 
 of course he wanted to blame himself for what had happened between them on the couch . 
 he blamed himself for everything else . 
 `` do you want to try to get some more sleep ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` it 's barely dawn . '' 
 `` nah . '' 
 he did n't bother to glance at the clock . 
 `` i 'm good . 
 but feel free to go back to bed . 
 you 're probably wiped . '' 
 she was , completely . 
 but he looked so forlorn standing there , that damn bottle of tequila clutched in his hand like some kind of pacifier , that she could n't just walk away from him . 
 no matter how stupid that made her . 
 `` actually , i 'm good , '' she told him . 
 `` but i am starving . 
 how about we order room service and watch a movie ? '' 
 `` do n't you have to go to work in a couple hours ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 i do n't have work today . '' 
 which was n't exactly a lie , she told herself . 
 she did , after all , have the day off . 
 and the one after that and the one after that and the one - she stopped herself before she ended up taking another shot of tequila herself . 
 `` so ? 
 what do you say ? '' 
 she slipped the patron bottle from between his hands , tucked it back under the bar . 
 he watched her with a cross between amusement and exasperation , but he did n't say a word about the booze . 
 `` eggs ? '' 
 `` you obviously do n't get drunk often enough , '' he said . 
 `` the proper early-morning-after-a-bender breakfast is waffles . 
 heavy on the syrup with extra bacon . '' 
 `` extra bacon , huh ? '' 
 `` definitely . '' 
 she reached for the phone , turning her back so he could n't see her grin . 
 `` then extra bacon it is . '' 
 chapter six they ended up watching the avengers and eating waffles drenched in syrup , with strawberries and whipped cream . 
 it felt a little surreal after what had almost happened , but ryder could n't remember the last time he 'd enjoyed himself more . 
 sure , he had a blast when he was onstage , singing , dueling with jared , electrifying the crowd . 
 but his performances were loaded with expectations-from the fans , from the other members of shaken dirty , from the concert promoters , their managementand the record label . 
 and from himself most of all . 
 the worst part was that he felt like he rarely met those expectations . 
 how could he when he spent so much time wondering how and when and where he was going to f ** k everything up ? 
 it was his legacy from his father , and from carrie . 
 but being with jamison was n't like that . 
 at least not after she 'd made it clear he had n't screwed anything up with his little escapade on the couch . 
 that he had n't hurt her or scared her or ... he shut his mind off before it could go where he did n't want it to . 
 there was no need to dredge up all the things he could n't change . 
 not here . 
 not now . 
 `` okay , so i have a very serious question for you , '' jamison told him as she twisted her crazy mess of hair into a makeshift bun at the top of her head . 
 she secured it with a couple of pencils she 'd found in her purse , but within seconds it started to break free of the confinement , locks tumbling with abandon over her cheeks and the back of her neck . 
 with a sound of exasperation , she started to tuck them back into the bun . 
 she had n't gotten very far when he reached over and plucked all three pencils out of her hair . 
 he threw them across the room before she could demand them back , then watched as all that glorious hair came tumbling down around her shoulders . 
 it was like a flame , beckoning him , and for a second-just a second-he imagined what it would feel like to fist his hands in those curls while he was inside her . 
 to have them sliding over his shoulders , his chest , his cock - `` are you kidding me ? '' 
 she exclaimed in obvious exasperation . 
 `` now i have to start all over again . '' 
 her hands were back in her hair , this time twisting it into some kind of knot at the base of her neck . 
 `` leave it . '' 
 he brushed her fingers away , tucked a few errant curls behind her ear . 
 `` it looks good the way it is . '' 
 he was playing with fire . 
 he knew he was . 
 just like he knew he was going to get burned-this was jared 's sister , after all . 
 little jamison , the same girl he 'd helped teach self-defense to before her first date and how to drive a car when she turned sixteen . 
 only she had n't felt so little when she 'd been on top of him , her glorious body pressed to his . 
 she 'd felt like a beautiful , sexy woman he wanted more than he wanted his next breath . 
 even now , part of him desired nothing more than to pull her beneath him and make love to her the way his c * ck was screaming for him to . 
 if she had been any other woman , he would have taken what she was offering without a second thought . 
 it was n't like he was in the habit of self-denial and he wanted her , badly . 
 he wanted to hold her . 
 to touch her . 
 to kiss her right now , with nothing between them but the desire that throbbed in the air like the final notes of a love song . 
 he wanted to pull her body against his and explore the sweet recesses of her mouth without worrying about his past or her brother or any of the other things that were just waiting to ambush them . 
 but this was jamison and she deserved more , better , than anything he had to offer her . 
 no matter what she thought . 
 `` ryder . '' 
 her breath broke on his name and heat flooded his cock . 
 he closed his eyes for a few seconds , deliberately severing the forbidden connection between them . 
 then he forced an easy smile , forked up his last piece of waffle , and offered it to her like he had a million other times through the years . 
 for a moment , she looked like she would n't accept it . 
 as if she knew doing so was one more step away from the strange and unsteady ground where they currently found themselves . 
 but in the end , she must have known he needed her to make that step , because she leaned forward to take the bite , her soft pink lips closing around the fork with a low hum of appreciation . 
 he looked away quickly , told himself he was n't imagining her lush mouth closing over his dick with the same enjoyment . 
 of course he was n't . 
 that would be wrong , so wrong . 
 but then her hand brushed his upper thigh as she reached for a napkin and he nearly went through the roof . 
 desperate for something to take his mind off jamison-and the sex they absolutely could n't have-ryder turned back toward the tv . 
 watched as the hulk destroyed whole sections of the s.h.i.e.l.d. hovership just as loki 's forces attacked . 
 nothing like cinematic death and destruction to take a guy 's mind off the lust crawling around in his belly . 
 it almost worked . 
 at least until jamison got up to push the room service cart into the hall . 
 when she came back , she settled right next to him on the couch , and her lush peach scent wrapping itself around him like a blanket . 
 he tensed , tried to pretend like he cared whether or not the huge centrifuge of the ship 's engine crushed iron man . 
 he must not have been very convincing , though , because it only took jamison a minute before she commented , `` you know , i never got the chance to ask you my question . '' 
 had he thought he was tense before ? 
 after that statement he was clenching his jaw so tightly that it was a miracle he did n't break a molar ... or three . 
 he did n't want to have this discussion , could n't have this discussion . 
 his nightmares were off limits to everyone , even the guys in shaken dirty , and he hated that she 'd seen him like that . 
 alone . 
 out of control . 
 vulnerable . 
 he ran a hand over his face . 
 `` look , maybe this is n't such a good idea . '' 
 `` what is n't ? '' 
 `` this whole ... '' he wagged a finger back and forth between them . 
 `` thing . '' 
 `` this whole what ? '' 
 she looked baffled . 
 `` conversation ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he looked away , relieved that she got it . 
 sure , it made him look like a total candy ass , but he could n't bring himself to care . 
 not when it meant he escaped unscathed . 
 for long seconds , she did n't say anything . 
 then she lifted a brow , sniffed disdainfully . 
 `` i was n't aware that picking a superhero was such an emotional thing . 
 i mean , i 'm an iron man girl myself , but if it 's that big a deal to you , we can talk about something else . '' 
 `` that was your big question ? '' 
 he felt like he 'd missed a step or nine in the conversation . 
 at least until he got a glimpse of her eyes and realized she 'd known ... and she 'd tossed him a lifeline . 
 the tension drained from his shoulders . 
 `` which avenger i like ? '' 
 `` it 's an important question . 
 iron man is clearly superior , but each of the others has his or her good points so - '' `` are you kidding me ? '' 
 he said with a smirk . 
 `` who says iron man is superior ? '' 
 `` who does n't ? 
 seriously , who 's better than tony freaking stark ? '' 
 `` uh , the hulk ? 
 obviously . '' 
 `` are you nuts ? '' 
 she demanded , incredulous . 
 `` iron man risks everything to save people in this movie . 
 he nearly dies . 
 plus he 's smart , hot , and rich . '' 
 `` hulk 's willing to die for people , too . 
 and he 's very smart . '' 
 she scoffed . 
 `` oh , please . 
 dr. banner 's smart . 
 hulk is a giant green rage monster . '' 
 it was his turn to scoff . 
 `` like wearing a metal suit automatically makes a guy a hero ? '' 
 `` it is if he uses it for good . 
 being a hero is about a lot more than just smashing up the bad guys . 
 it 's about choosing to do something to make the world a better place , even if you die doing it . '' 
 her words hit a little too close to home , and he felt them deep in the pit of his stomach . 
 but he did n't want her to know how much she 'd disconcerted him , so he snorted . 
 rolled his eyes . 
 worked up a decent sneer as he finally said , `` heroism is highly overrated . 
 no one can stop something from happening , jamison . 
 the best anyone can hope for is to postpone the inevitable . '' 
 `` that 's not true . 
 you saved me from max . 
 you did n't let him hurt me . '' 
 `` that was sheer , dumb luck . 
 if i had n't walked out when i did - '' `` but you did . 
 you did walk out then , ryder . 
 and you stopped him . 
 no one else did that . '' 
 her eyes were shiny with gratitude and something else he could n't - would n't - name . 
 he looked away so he did n't have to see it . 
 `` yeah , well , i wo n't be there the next time some a ** hole tries to mess with you . '' 
 `` maybe there wo n't be a next time . '' 
 `` yeah , right . '' 
 he ran a frustrated hand through his hair . 
 `` because the world is made up of gumdrops and unicorns . '' 
 `` i did n't say that . '' 
 `` you did n't have to . 
 it 's like you live in a different universe , jamison . 
 one where it does n't even occur to you that you are n't the first one-and probably wo n't be the last . '' 
 rage filled him all over again at the reminder of how he 'd found her earlier . 
 he was n't happy about not calling the police , but he 'd known it would n't do much good . 
 no real damage had been done to jamison-or so max 's side would argue-and ryder had no doubt that max would end up weaseling out of everything . 
 he was going to have a talk with max later today . 
 make sure the singer thought twice before he ever pulled any shit like that again . 
 make sure he understood that it would be detrimental to his health . 
 `` you do n't know that he 'll hurt anyone else . '' 
 bullshit . 
 if all he wanted was to get laid , why did n't max go for one of the many available girls backstage ? 
 he wanted to hurt you , because he could . '' 
 ryder 's hands clenched into fists of their own volition . 
 `` how many times has that happened on this tour alone , right under my nose ? 
 i played poker with that a ** hole . 
 jammed with him more than once . 
 and all this time he was - '' `` damn it , ryder ! 
 you ca n't keep doing this to yourself . '' 
 jamison laid a hand on top of his , squeezed tightly . 
 `` you 've been beating yourself up for nearly a decade . 
 it has to stop . '' 
 she tried to put her arms around him , to hug him , but he would n't let her . 
 he could n't . 
 not when a lump was trying to form in the back of his throat . 
 he swallowed it down , refused to give in to the emotions swamping him like a tsunami . 
 shit , he should have ignored her . 
 should have had those extra shots of tequila . 
 if he were still drunk then he would n't be sitting here like a total p ** sy , trying not to lose it completely . 
 `` maybe you 're right , '' he told her , reaching for the remote so he could turn the volume up on the tv set . 
 `` maybe iron man really is the best avenger . 
 sure , he does n't know when to keep his mouth shut , but i guess that is n't everything . 
 right , jamison ? '' 
 she gasped and he knew he 'd scored a direct hit , but he refused to apologize . 
 refused to so much as look at her . 
 instead , he kicked his legs up on the coffee table in front of them and concentrated on the movie like his life depended on it . 
 and maybe it did . 
 god knew , he was n't going to make it if he had to rehash the past tonight-especially with jamison . 
 no , it would be better for everyone if he sat here and watched the stupid movie . 
 the fact that he could n't see a damn thing thanks to the red haze in front of his eyes was entirely inconsequential . 
 he waited for her to take the hint that was really more of a no trespassing sign-in neon lights-but she did n't turn back to the movie . 
 for long seconds , she did n't do anything at all . 
 she did n't move . 
 did n't speak . 
 did n't settle back against the couch cushions . 
 hell , he was n't even sure that she breathed . 
 instead , she just sat there , watching him . 
 willing him to look at her . 
 to talk to her . 
 but he was n't going to do that . 
 not now . 
 not - `` ryder , please . 
 do n't - '' `` watch the movie , jamison . '' 
 `` i do n't care about the movie . 
 i care about you . 
 about the way you always beat yourself up over things you have no control over . '' 
 `` did n't you get the memo ? 
 i 'm a rock star , baby . '' 
 he sneered at her . 
 `` i 'm way too self-absorbed to worry about anything but where my next drink and f ** k are coming from . '' 
 `` bullshit . '' 
 she put a trembling hand in the middle of his chest , right over his heart . 
 figuring she must be cold , he reached for the blanket at the end of the couch , started to cover her up . 
 but then he realized she was n't the one shaking . 
 he was . 
 goddammit . 
 `` you need to back off , jamison , '' he told her through clenched teeth . 
 `` i do n't want to talk about this right now . '' 
 `` you never want to talk . 
 not about this . 
 that 's why you need to - '' `` i do n't need to do a damn thing except get some sleep . '' 
 he stood up , tossed the remote onto the couch . 
 `` do you want the bed ? '' 
 `` i do n't give a shit about the bed ! 
 i want to talk to - '' `` i guess that means i 'll take it . '' 
 he started across the room , in total self-preservation mode now . 
 he wanted-needed-to get away . 
 sure , there was a part of him that thought about staying , to bask in the warmth that was pouring out from her . 
 to touch and kiss her beautiful body and listen to all the lies she was so anxious to tell . 
 to tell some lies of his own . 
 lies that would shut her up and get her into his bed so that he did n't have to think , did n't have to feel . 
 did n't have to do anything but fuck . 
 but this was jamison , not some groupie just looking for a good time . 
 he could n't treat her like that . 
 she did n't understand . 
 she had n't been there . 
 she did n't know what had happened to carrie , not really . 
 did n't know that he 'd turned away from her because of his own guilt . 
 did n't know that - he cut himself off . 
 there was a whole hell of a lot jamison did n't know and he was n't going to beat himself up over it . 
 just like she was the one who refused to acknowledge that he wanted to be alone right now . 
 so to hell with her feelings and to hell with being gentle . 
 she obviously did n't give a shit about how he felt . 
 `` get the hell away from me , '' he snarled right before he got to his bedroom door . 
 she 'd followed him and though he refused to look at her , he felt her recoil at his words . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean to upset you . 
 i just wanted to help . '' 
 `` what am i , a f ** king charity case ? 
 when are you going to get it through your head that i do n't need your help ? 
 i do n't want your help ! 
 i 'm fine , '' he roared , putting his hands on her shoulders and backing her up against the hallway wall . 
 her eyes widened , the pulse at the base of her neck suddenly beating triple time . 
 he slid his hand from her shoulder to her collarbone , then up so his fingers were resting against the hollow of her throat . 
 `` i told you to stop , told you to back off . 
 i told you i did n't want to talk about it . 
 but you keep pushing and pushing . '' 
 he could feel her heart beating wildly beneath his hand , her breaths coming faster and faster . 
 in response , he stroked his fingers over her too-fast pulse , then waited to see what she 'd do . 
 he would n't hurt her-would never hurt her-but he was n't above backing her off if it would get him some peace . 
 she licked her lips , whispered his name . 
 but his plan had backfired . 
 there was no wariness in her eyes , no trepidation . 
 only the same desire that was currently raging inside of him . 
 `` ryder - '' `` you 're still talking . '' 
 he skimmed his palm up to her jaw , pressed his thumb against her mouth , and rubbed . 
 the final remnants of last night 's lipstick smeared across her cheek . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 she was apologizing for a lot more than saying his name , but he did n't want to hear it . 
 she 'd pushed him too far . 
 `` so am i. '' still , they could n't stand here like this all morning . 
 he shifted , started to back off . 
 and that 's when she did the one thing he absolutely was n't expecting . 
 she bit him , hard , her small , white teeth sinking sharply into the pad of his thumb . 
 chapter seven jamison watched , heart in her throat , as ryder 's eyes darkened from black to oblivion . 
 she did n't know why she 'd done it except that there were so many emotions roiling around inside of her that she had n't known what to do with them all . 
 pity , sorrow , nervousness , affection , lust ... she knew she should have heeded his warning , knew she had no right to push him the way she had . 
 but he was drowning and he did n't even realize it . 
 she 'd had to say something . 
 then , when he 'd backed her up against the wall-like that would do anything but turn her on-he 'd been so beautiful and so angry and so sexy that she 'd just snapped . 
 now it looked like ryder was the one on the brink of snapping . 
 she expected , was prepared , for him to back off . 
 to yell at her or threaten her or storm into his bedroom and slam the door , effectively ending their conversation once and for all . 
 but in the end , he did none of those . 
 instead , he leaned forward , pressing his body against hers . 
 his chest to her br ** sts . 
 his h * ps to her stomach . 
 she could feel him everywhere , hot and hard and haunted . 
 her lids grew heavy , threatened to close , but she kept them up with sheer force of will . 
 she 'd been waiting so long for him to look at her like this , to touch her like this . 
 no way was she missing a second of it . 
 then his other hand slid from her shoulder to her jaw so that he was cupping both sides of her face , and her knees went weak . 
 `` ryder . '' 
 it was more a whimper than a word . 
 he closed his eyes , rested his forehead against hers . 
 the tightness in his shoulders , the look of anguish on his face , was almost unbearable . 
 she wanted-needed-to soothe him . 
 `` tell me to go to bed , '' he whispered , sounding anguished . 
 `` to leave you alone . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she would n't do that . 
 not now , not ever . 
 she wrapped her arms around his waist , held him to her . 
 he was shaking , but then again , so was she . 
 how could she not be when his lips were only an inch or so away from hers ? 
 `` do it . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she tightened her hold . 
 he groaned , a low , tortured sound that ripped through every part of her . 
 and then he was lowering his mouth , tilting her chin . 
 pressing his lips gently , softly , to hers . 
 in those early , unbelievable moments , jamison 's first thought was that ryder really knew how to kiss . 
 her second thought was that this kiss , which she had longed for for at least a decade , had been more than worth the wait . 
 her third thought - oh , who was she kidding ? 
 there was no third thought . 
 there was nothing but desire , pleasure , need as his mouth claimed hers . 
 as his tongue swept along the seam of her lips , exploring the corners of her mouth and scrambling whatever brain cells she had n't killed off with her drinking binge . 
 `` you taste so good , '' he murmured , then sucked her lower lip gently between his teeth . 
 she gasped at the sensation , at the soft , repetitive suction that sent chills skittering up and down her spine . 
 ryder laughed quietly at her reaction , his fingers tightening on her hip and in her hair-not enough to hurt but definitely enough to remind her that he was there . 
 and that he was calling the shots . 
 `` so do you , '' she whispered against his mouth , licking her lips in an effort to get more of him . 
 he tasted just like he smelled-like tequila and limes and warm , salty ocean breezes . 
 from the moment she 'd moved to san diego , she 'd been drawn to the beach . 
 to the smell and taste and sound of it . 
 she wondered now if what she 'd liked most about the water was that , subconsciously at least , it had reminded her of him . 
 of ryder . 
 his hand tugged on her hair , calling her back to the present even as he tilted her head to the angle that would give him the best access . 
 and then his mouth was on hers again , drawing her lower lip between his teeth so he could nibble softly on it before soothing the small hurt with his tongue . 
 she moaned a little , brought her own hands up to bury them in the cool silk of his hair . 
 he felt so good , tasted so good , that she wished she could live in this moment forever . 
 wished she could freeze time so that there was no tour to take him away from her , no job issue for her to worry about , no groupies to flaunt themselves in front of him . 
 so that there was nothing and no one but her and him and the electricity that arced between them . 
 it was a silly wish , and a dangerous one . 
 the tiny part of her brain that was still functioning screamed at her to stop this , to stop him before she got in too deep , but it was hard to hear the warning over the ragged edges of her breathing , the loud pounding of her heart . 
 she would n't have heeded it anyway , not at that moment when she had ryder exactly where she 'd always wanted him . 
 in her arms . 
 he tilted her head back a little more and whatever small amount of rationality she had deserted her . 
 but how could it not when he was devouring her , his mouth and body and tortured soul enveloping her own until all she could think of was him . 
 she moaned low in her throat , tangled her fingers in his hair , and yanked . 
 the time for gentleness , for the subtle build of desire , was long gone . 
 need was a wild , wanton thing between them , rising like a tidal wave until it all but swamped her . 
 it was her turn to nip at his mouth , to run her tongue over his teeth , the roof of his mouth , the sensitive skin between his gum and his upper lip . 
 he groaned , sucked her tongue deep into his mouth , and she gasped . 
 she 'd never been kissed like this before , never felt such brutal , beautiful carnality for any other man . 
 she wanted to hang on to this moment forever , to savor it-and him-for as long as she could . 
 for as long as he would let her . 
 his fingers swept beneath the hem of her t-shirt , skimmed up her rib cage to softly stroke her stomach and lower back . 
 she shivered-it felt so good-then slid her hands slowly up his back . 
 he was lean but muscular from all those hours of guitar playing and working out when he could n't sleep . 
 she 'd seen him without his shirt on a million times through the years-in person and on-screen and in photos-but she 'd never realized how good it would feel to touch him . 
 to run her hands up his spine and over the taut muscles of his upper back . 
 to slide her fingers over the sexy ink of his tattoos . 
 he was hard and hot and so inviting she wanted to lick him up right there in the hallway . 
 she would do it , too , just as soon as she could bring herself to stop kissing him . 
 which , now that she thought about it , might not be for a while . 
 he tasted too good . 
 his fingers were on the buttons at the front of her shirt now . 
 then they were tracing along the line of her bra , his warm palms resting on her stomach . 
 a shiver of desire worked its way through her , and jamison clutched at his shoulders for support . 
 he smiled against her lips , pressed her more firmly into the wall as he continued his exploration . 
 her loss of control had n't even fazed him , but then he was probably used to women going weak-kneed around him . 
 the thought pulled her out of her ryder-induced sex stupor . 
 not completely , but enough for her self-consciousness to rear its ugly head . 
 she turned her head to break the kiss , covered his hands with her own . 
 he stopped instantly , like she 'd known he would . 
 of course , the second he did , she could have kicked herself for stopping him . 
 what was wrong with her ? 
 ryder had been with dozens of women , hundreds of women probably , in the last few years . 
 but she wanted this , wanted him-badly-so why had her conscience picked this moment to bombard her with second thoughts ? 
 why had she stopped him when he 'd obviously been into it ? 
 into her ? 
 because , she acknowledged with a grimace , she did n't want to be just another notch on his bedpost , another girl that he forgot as soon as he 'd zipped his pants . 
 she wanted to know that she mattered to him . 
 if not in the same way he mattered to her , then at least enough for him to choose her and not just sleep with her as a means to stop the pain she knew he carried deep inside himself . 
 when she did n't say anything , or make any move to disentangle herself from his hold , ryder murmured , `` jamison , baby ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 he was breathing hard , even panting a little , and his obvious arousal made her feel a million times more secure . 
 as did his concern for her . 
 even if it was just for now , just for this short moment of time , ryder wanted her , cared about her . 
 it was enough . 
 she lightly pushed on his shoulders . 
 when he stepped away , looking wary and more than a little confused , she grabbed onto his hand and continued back down the hall to the bedroom she had woken up in . 
 once he realized where she was going , ryder stiffened . 
 stopped . 
 jamison froze , her cheeks burning with humiliation . 
 she 'd been wrong . 
 she 'd assumed too much . 
 ryder did n't want her after all . 
 `` i-i - '' his mouth fastened on her shoulder before she could apologize , his tongue licking over the curve where her neck met the smooth line of her shoulder . 
 the slow , wet circles had her eyes crossing and her sex clenching with desire and relief . 
 he did want her . 
 thank god . 
 she tilted her head back , rested it against his chest to give him better access . 
 her eyes fluttered closed even as she fought against it . 
 she could n't help it . 
 it felt so good , he felt so good that she did n't even register the sound of a door opening at the beginning of the hall . 
 at least not until jaredyelled , `` what the hell is going on here ? '' 
 ... at the sound of his best friend 's voice , the sensual fog that had enveloped ryder from the moment he first touched jamison fell away . 
 he blinked a couple of times , took in the fury on jared 's face . 
 then looked down at jamison in an effort to figure out just how bad it looked . 
 shit . 
 they were f ** ked . 
 or at least he was . 
 the top of her shirt was open , her full , luscious br ** sts spilling over the top of her black lace bra . 
 her pale , redhead 's skin was flushed pink with arousal and her lips were swollen from his kisses . 
 not to mention the fact that the second she stepped away from him it would be obvious to jared just how hot jamison had gotten him . 
 his dick was hard enough to pound nails , even with jared looking at him like he wanted to rip him limb from limb . 
 `` it 's not - '' `` what it looks like ? '' 
 jared 's eyes narrowed dangerously . 
 as did jamison 's , who had turned around to stare at him in disbelief even as she buttoned up the top of her shirt . 
 damn it , there was no way for him to win this . 
 he threw up his hands . 
 `` okay , so it s exactly what it looks like . '' 
 `` yeah , i 'm well aware of that . 
 asshole . '' 
 jamison turned to glare at jared . 
 `` why do n't you go back to sleep ? 
 this is n't any of your business , '' she said . 
 jared gaped at her , his mouth opening and closing as he thought of-and discarded-what looked like a hundred different things to say . 
 he finally settled on , `` you 're my sister ! '' 
 `` yes , i am . 
 sister , not daughter . 
 i 've never gotten in the way when you were with someone . 
 i 'd appreciate the same courtesy . '' 
 she flipped her hair over her shoulder in a gesture loaded with indignation , then slipped through the doorway into ryder 's room . 
 `` are you coming ? '' 
 she asked him over her shoulder . 
 it was his turn to stare at her , mouth opening and closing like a trout as he tried to find his way through the minefield that had just sprung up in front of him . 
 a quick glance at jared told him his friend would kill him if he so much as moved an inch in jamison 's direction . 
 and while ryder was n't known for walking away from a fight , he was n't about to throw down with jared . 
 not when he was clearly the one in the wrong here . 
 shit . 
 what the hell had he been thinking ? 
 how had he gotten so pissed off , freaked out , and turned upside down that kissing jamison had seemed like a good idea ? 
 he knew what had happened after he 'd kissed her-she was so sweet , so hot , that he had n't been able to think about anything but being inside of her . 
 but why had he kissed her in the first place ? 
 with his past-and present-he had no business going anywhere near a woman like her , and he knew it even if she did n't . 
 `` look , '' he finally said to her . 
 `` why do n't you get some sleep ? 
 we can ... talk more later . '' 
 `` talk ? '' 
 the word dripped with sarcasm . 
 `` is that what we were doing ? '' 
 he shoved a frustrated hand through his hair . 
 `` jamison - '' `` do n't strain yourself thinking up an excuse , '' she told him , nose in the air . 
 `` i get it . '' 
 she did n't get a damned thing and he did n't know how to explain it to her . 
 not right now when his brain was still fuzzy with desire and his c * ck still ached with the need to bury itself inside of her . 
 he would never be able to do right by her-even if he wanted to . 
 there was too much darkness inside of him , too many things he 'd done that he could n't take back . 
 the chemistry between him and jamison might suddenly be off the charts , but that did n't mean there could be something between them . 
 because there could n't be . 
 he would n't allow there to be . 
 now if only he had n't let his dick do the thinking for the last ten minutes , none of this would have happened . 
 he would n't be sick to his stomach , jared would n't look like he wanted to rip out his vocal cords and jamison ... jamison would n't look so damned hurt as she slammed the bedroom door shut behind her . 
 forget jared , if he could have reached it , he would have kicked his own ass . 
 he sure as hell deserved it.e he she the sound of the door slamming echoed down the hallway and seemed to release jared from whatever shock-induced stupor he 'd been thrown into . 
 three seconds later he was in ryder 's face , shoving him down the hall . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he demanded , low and vicious . 
 `` what the f ** k are you doing ? '' 
 he did n't have a clue . 
 and with jamison 's taste still lingering on his lips , it was hard to think . 
 hard to breathe . 
 `` it 's not - '' he stumbled over the words , forced himself to stop and take a deep breath . 
 then he tried again . 
 `` i did n't mean anything - '' `` you were practically doing my sister in the hallway and it did n't mean anything ? '' 
 jared interrupted , pushing him . 
 it was the straw that broke the camel 's back , and this time ryder shoved back , hard . 
 he watched with absolutely no satisfaction as jared stumbled a little at the unexpected blow . 
 `` stop putting words in my mouth . '' 
 `` well , start coming up with your own , because what i just saw was bullshit , ryder . 
 total bullshit , and if you were sober and thinking clearly , you 'd see it , too . '' 
 he was sober and he did see it , though he was the first to admit he was n't thinking clearly . 
 that was the problem . 
 he had n't been able to think clearly since he 'd seen jamison in the audience the night before . 
 but how did he explain that to jared , when he 'd just been caught pawing his sister with all the finesse of a fifteen-year-old with his first girl ? 
 head down and gut burning , ryder turned and headed back toward the living room-and away from the bedrooms . 
 if they were going to do this , the whole suite did n't need to know about it . 
 he grabbed a couple of bottles of water out of the mini fridge , tossed one at jared . 
 for a second it looked like his best friend was going to fire it back at him-straight at his head-but eventually he uncapped the thing and took a long drink . 
 silence hung thick and expectant between them until ryder finally said , `` she came out here because she could n't sleep . 
 i think what happened with max affected her more than she wants to admit . '' 
 `` so , what ? 
 you decided a little time between the sheets with you was what she needed to stop thinking about what that bastard did to her ? '' 
 jared asked calmly . 
 too calmly . 
 sixteen years of friendship and bitter experience had taught him that the quieter his lead guitarist got , the angrier he was . 
 judging from just how low his friend 's voice had become , ryder figured jared was pretty damn close to ripping his head off , even if he had stopped trying to shove him around . 
 ryder gritted his teeth , hung on to his own temper by his fingertips . 
 `` we had waffles , watched a movie . 
 and then ... '' `` yeah , i saw the and then , '' jared snarled at him . 
 `` stay the hell away from jamison , man . 
 she 's off-limits and you know it . '' 
 there was a part of him that wanted to argue , but he could n't . 
 not really . 
 jamison was off-limits , and kissing her had been all along . 
 trying to change that now was crazy . 
 especially when all he could do was hurt her . 
 `` i know she 's off-limits , man . 
 i made a mistake . 
 it wo n't happen again . '' 
 `` damn right it wo n't . 
 you do n't need to go anywhere near her for the rest of our time here . '' 
 normally , he 'd be damned offended that his best friend thought he could n't be trusted around his little sister . 
 but seeing as he 'd been caught in the middle of stripping her nak * d-not to mention the fact that he 'd had a raging hard-on for the last twelve hours , totally courtesy of jamison-ryder was having a hard time working up any righteous indignation . 
 he had no intention of touching jamison again-ever-but that did n't mean he did n't want to . 
 which pretty much made this whole damned conversation unbearable . 
 jared finished his water . 
 he tossed the bottle into the nearest trashcan , then crossed the room . 
 he did n't stop until he was right up in ryder 's face . 
 `` i asked if you heard me . 
 she 's not one of your legion of groupies . 
 do n't screw around with her . '' 
 `` i 'm not . '' 
 `` she 's my sister , man . '' 
 `` you think i do n't know that ? '' 
 `` i do n't know what to think . 
 hell , most of the time i do n't have a clue what 's going on in your head . 
 if someone had asked me yesterday if i trusted you with her , i would n't have thought twice . 
 but after what i just saw ... '' he shook his head . 
 `` we both know jamison 's had a thing for you for a decade . '' 
 jared 's words sent a dark thrill through him , had his dick twitching all over again . 
 when he was in his early twenties , he 'd known she had a crush on him . 
 but she 'd been in high school at the time . 
 the idea that she still felt something for him ... it made him - he put the brakes on , locked that shit down tight . 
 now was not the time to think about how easy it would be to get jamison into bed . 
 `` have i ever done anything about it ? '' 
 `` not until now . '' 
 he growled low in his throat . 
 `` how many times do i have to tell you i 'm sorry ? 
 that it wo n't happen again ? '' 
 they stared at each other , stale-mated for long seconds . 
 then jared closed his eyes and took a few deep breaths , and all of the aggression seemed to flow out of him . 
 `` look , i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm not trying to bust your balls , ryder . 
 i 'm really not . 
 but , dude , you go through women like you go through condoms . 
 like they 're cheap , disposable , and mean nothing more than your next fuck . 
 `` which is fine . 
 i get it . 
 i really do . 
 if i had all your shit to deal with , i 'd probably do the same thing . 
 but you know jamison deserves better than that . '' 
 `` do n't you mean she deserves better than me ? '' 
 `` that 's not what i said . '' 
 `` no , but it 's what you meant . 
 is n't it ? '' 
 he waited for jared to protest , to tell him he was being stupid . 
 taking things out of context . 
 but , in the end , his best friend did n't say a word-and ryder could n't blame him . 
 he knew jared was right , even as he felt the weight of the other man 's disapproval all the way inside of himself , deep down in the spots he worked so hard to pretend did n't exist anymore . 
 he ignored the twinges of pain , refused to even acknowledge them . 
 instead , he smiled the cocky , lead singer grin he was known for all over the world , and said , `` you do n't need to worry about me taking advantage of jamison . 
 after all , she 's not exactly my type . '' '' 
 the implication was that the fault was with her , not him . 
 nothing could be further from the truth-he 'd always been fascinated by jamison 's deep waters , by the complications and contradictions that made her different than the other women he knew-and he waited for jared to call him on his bullshit . 
 but before he could , jamison walked into the room , shoes and coat on . 
 shoving her crazy , sexy curls out of her eyes , she snarled , `` and who exactly said that you 're my type ? '' 
 ryder 's stomach sank at the anger jamison did n't try to hide . 
 and the hurt that she did . 
 once again , he 'd screwed up and once again , he had no one to blame but himself . 
 chapter eight she wanted to hide . 
 wanted the floor to open up and swallow her whole . 
 wanted to crawl under the couch and never , ever come out . 
 or , barring any of those scenarios , she at least wanted to bury her face in her hands and pretend the last hour and a half had never happened . 
 why , oh why , had n't she stayed in her room ? 
 why had she woken ryder up ? 
 and why had she stayed with him , pushed at him , when it was obvious that he was n't interested in her ? 
 that he would never be interested in her ? 
 it had been humiliating to stand there listening to jared talk about the crush she 'd had on ryder . 
 had been even more humiliating to listen to ryder dismiss that crush-and her-as nothing . 
 as not being his type-which she knew was just another way of saying she was n't sexy enough for him . 
 was n't pretty or glamorous or skinny enough for the rock star he was . 
 one would think she 'd have learned her lesson by now . 
 it was n't the first time she 'd been rejected , after all . 
 she 'd thrown herself at ryder at seventeen and he 'd turned her down . 
 hard . 
 what had made her think that things would have been any different tonight ? 
 he was talented , smart , gorgeous , rich . 
 and she ... she was just the chubby , uptight , ridiculous younger sister of his best friend . 
 ignoring the way they were both watching her-ryder warily and jared with remorse-jamison crossed the room and picked up her purse . 
 she recognized the looks and she was n't going to fall for them . 
 not this time . 
 no matter how much she wanted to crawl into a hole and hide , she was going to see this conversation all the way through . 
 she 'd walked away from more than enough this week . 
 she started with her brother . 
 `` really , jared ? '' 
 she asked , pushing to her feet . 
 he held his hands up in a very obvious gesture of surrender . 
 `` we were just talking , jelly bean . '' 
 `` i get it . 
 you live in this weird-ass world where you 're rock gods . '' 
 she swept her gaze over to ryder , making sure he understood her words were for him as well . 
 `` where you get anything you want with the lift of a finger . 
 where women beg you to sign their br ** sts or sleep with them or do any manner of sexually deviant things . 
 which hey , is great work if you can get it . 
 `` but all that sex and fame and rock and roll has a tendency to skew how you see the world . 
 it warps you , makes you forget you 're just people like everyone else . 
 people i knew long before you were rock gods and long before you were - '' she popped her fingers in the air , made air quotes - `` two of people magazine 's ` sexiest men alive . ' 
 `` i grew up with the whole group of you . 
 i saw you screw up with girls , crash your cars , fail tests , get grounded . 
 hell , i saw both of you cry over guitar lessons and gi joe dolls . 
 and now you 're all grown up , bad-ass rockers who can have anything and anyone they desire . 
 whoop-de-do . 
 all that means is i spend an inordinate amount of time worrying you 'll drink yourself to death . '' 
 she forced herself to look ryder over with distaste . 
 `` or come down with some horrible , untreatable std . 
 now why exactly would i want a piece of that ? '' 
 tossing her hair over her shoulders , she made a grand exit , making sure that she closed the suite door softly behind her . 
 she wanted to slam it , but there was no way in hell she was giving either of them that satisfaction . 
 nothing like giving a speech that made her knees knock together and then blowing it all by showing them just how much they 'd gotten to her . 
 she walked swiftly down the hallway to the elevator , determined to get the hell out of there before jared came after her . 
 she could n't afford it , but she would totally eat the cab fare back to her apartment if it meant getting out of there with the last vestiges of her pride intact . 
 she loved her brother and the other guys , but she could n't face ryder right now . 
 could n't look him in the eye and behave normally when the derision in his voice was still ringing in her ears . 
 she 's not exactly my type . 
 like his could-be-disease-riddled ass was such a good catch ? 
 she 's a little too much . 
 like she needed an announcement to tell her that ? 
 it was n't like she 'd spent the night trying to get into his pants , for god 's sake . 
 he was the one who had backed her up against that wall . 
 he was the one who had kissed her . 
 after you bit him , her conscience reminded her . 
 ryder had made it abundantly clear that he would never be interested in her . 
 she was n't going to waste the next ten years of her life the way she 'd wasted the last-pining away for a man she could never , ever have . 
 it might not have looked like it last night , or this morning , but she had more self-respect than that . 
 determined not to think about it-about him-any more , jamison punched the down button and prayed that the elevator would come quickly . 
 it would n't take jared long to throw on a t-shirt and come after her . 
 she needed to be gone by then . 
 she heard a door slam behind her and every hair on her body stood straight up . 
 she leaned forward , punched at the elevator key like her life depended on it . 
 logically , she knew it would n't make the stupid thing come any faster , but it made her feel better . 
 but it was n't jared 's hand that closed around her arm just as the elevator doors finally slid open , was n't jared 's thumb that stroked softly over the veins at the underside of her wrist . 
 `` let go of me , '' she said , wrenching her hand out of ryder 's grasp . 
 he let go , but stepped into the elevator and hit the stop button . 
 `` you ca n't do that ! '' 
 she growled , as she tried to look anywhere but at him . 
 he had n't bothered to put on a shirt before he came after her and all his glorious skin was still on display . 
 not that she was tempted to touch it or anything . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` because people need the elevators ? '' 
 he waved a hand dismissively . 
 `` it 's the middle of the night . 
 no one but you is going anywhere . '' 
 `` it 's nearly seven a.m. ! 
 people have to go to work . '' 
 `` at this hour ? '' 
 `` well , we ca n't all be rock stars , ryder . '' 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 `` come on , jamison . 
 do n't run away . 
 i said i was sorry - '' `` no , you did n't . '' 
 `` well , i am . 
 sorry . 
 i did n't mean to hurt you . '' 
 `` as if . '' 
 tears pressed against the backs of her eyes , but she refused to let them fall . 
 she had n't cried over her car , her boyfriend , or her job . 
 she 'd be damned if she 'd cry over him . 
 `` look , i really need to go . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 he shoved a frustrated hand through his hair . 
 `` but this is n't over . 
 we 'll talk about it when you come to the concert tonight . '' 
 `` first of all , there is no this . '' 
 she wagged her finger between them . 
 `` and secondly , i 'm not coming tonight . '' 
 he looked shocked , and more than a little horrified . 
 `` do n't let what happened between us chase you away , jamison . 
 i was an ass . 
 i never should have gotten so upset and i sure as hell never should have grabbed you like that . 
 i swear , it wo n't happen again . '' 
 `` you think that 's why i 'm upset ? 
 because you ` grabbed ' me ? '' 
 she put the elevator back in service , then hit the button for the lobby . 
 ryder did n't move even as the doors started to close . 
 `` say you 'll come tonight , '' he said as they rode down the twenty-three floors to the lobby . 
 she ignored him . 
 it was n't easy-rock stars did n't get to be rock stars because it was easy to overlook them-but she managed it . 
 at least until the elevator doors slid open and she started to exit . 
 he blocked her , standing in the middle and spreading his arms so there was no way out . 
 for a second she was pressed up against all that hot , hard , male flesh . 
 her knees went weak despite her best intentions , but that only made her angrier-and more determined to get away from him . 
 it was like she was an addict-the longer she was in his presence , the more she was willing to do to stay there . 
 her only hope of escape was to go cold turkey . 
 desperate to get away before she started to cry , or gave in , she stepped on his foot . 
 hard . 
 then took advantage of his momentary distraction to twist away from him and dart from the elevator . 
 `` jamison ! '' 
 he trailed her through the busy lobby . 
 `` i 'll leave tickets at will call - '' she kept walking . 
 `` i already told you i had plans . '' 
 `` break them . '' 
 his voice rang through the lobby . 
 she glanced around , realized they were attracting attention , but for once she did n't care . 
 `` for whom ? '' 
 she demanded , whirling on him . 
 `` for you ? '' 
 he froze , an uncertain look on his face . 
 in that moment , she knew she was-finally-looking at the real ryder and not the rock god . 
 the knowledge further weakened her resolve . 
 or it would have , if she had let it . 
 silence hung in the air between them for one beat , two , as she waited for ryder to say something . 
 anything . 
 but he did n't - of course he did n't - so she had to . 
 `` i did n't think so . 
 good-bye , ryder . '' 
 she turned and walked away . 
 `` jamison ! '' 
 he called after her . 
 she wanted desperately to turn around , wanted desperately to run back to him and beg him to forget about jared and his past and everything else that he thought was standing between them . 
 but her days of begging him to notice her , to be with her , were long gone . 
 so she kept walking right out the spinning glass doors . 
 and she never looked back . 
 chapter nine hours later , jamison limped into her apartment building with blisters the size of silver dollars on her heels . 
 she 'd spent the day pounding the pavement , looking for a job-any kind of job-to fill the gaps until she could find work as a dessert chef . 
 unfortunately , all the colleges had just gotten out for summer and jobs were scarce as the students had already snapped up most of them . 
 which meant she was in trouble , no doubt about it . 
 unless she got really lucky-something she sincerely doubted would happen-she was completely screwed . 
 once she got upstairs , she 'd log on to the state database and file for unemployment . 
 then run a job search in the san diego area-the third such search she 'd run in as many days-and see if anything new popped up . 
 depressed , pissed off , and more than a little scared-though she hated to admit it , even to herself-jamison shuffled her way over to the mailboxes , trying not to lift her feet as she moved . 
 she was n't sure the blisters could take it . 
 already , she could feel blood oozing around her heels . 
 it was a testament to just how crappy her neighborhood , and apartment building , were that she had n't taken off the damn shoes the second she 'd stepped off the bus . 
 but god only knew what there was lying around to step in . 
 she had just opened her mailbox and reached for the letters inside of it-all bills , she was certain-when jared 's voice sounded behind her . 
 `` where the hell have you been ? '' 
 spooked at the loud , angry sound , she jumped , bobbled the mail . 
 then winced as the whole collection of it fell onto the dirty ground beneath her feet . 
 great . 
 she 'd have to remember to wash her hands after she got upstairs . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 she demanded , squatting down to pick up the scattered envelopes . 
 `` do n't you have a show in a couple hours ? '' 
 `` screw the show . '' 
 jared bent and helped her gather the envelopes . 
 `` i came here to apologize , but now i want to know what 's going on with you . 
 and i 'm not leaving until i get a straight answer . '' 
 his eyes were dark and steady on her and for a second jamison felt like a little kid again . 
 one who could run to her big brother and let him fix everything that was wrong . 
 because that was who jared was , who he had always been . 
 from the time she could walk-and even before then , if their mother was to be believed-jared was the one she 'd turned to when something went wrong . 
 he was the one who fixed her toys when they broke , who made her smile when she was sad , even the one who advised her on boys-though he 'd been more than a little uncomfortable with any advice that did n't begin with `` guys are scum and you should n't trust them . 
 and you sure as hell should n't get in the back of a car with any of them . 
 ever . '' 
 which was more than their dad had ever told her , but still . 
 not what a girl wanted to hear from her big brother . 
 then again , she probably would have been better off if she 'd followed that advice . 
 especially in regard to evan schuller and his eight hands . 
 but this mess was her life . 
 she was a big girl now and she needed to fix things on her own . 
 no more running to her big brother and asking him to make it all better . 
 she was twenty-three years old . 
 it was definitely time to stand on her own two feet ... or at least it would be , once she got these damn louboutins off . 
 `` sorry i left so quickly this morning , but you and ryder really pissed me off . 
 i 'm a grown-up now , jared . 
 i sure as hell do n't need my big brother threatening to beat up every guy i make out with . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 he sighed heavily . 
 `` i promise not to embarrass you again like that-if you promise to make an effort never to have a make-out fest outside my damn bedroom door again . '' 
 she flushed . 
 `` yeah . 
 i can totally do that . '' 
 `` good . 
 now , why do n't you take me upstairs and get me a drink ? 
 i 've been waiting down here for more than two hours . 
 and in the meantime , you can explain to me exactly where you 've been all day . '' 
 but that was the problem . 
 she could n't tell him she 'd spent the day looking for a job . 
 he 'd freak out and try to hand her a big check to tide her over . 
 she did n't want to be the baby of the family anymore , the one jared always felt like he had to protect even when she did n't want or need his protection . 
 he might think of it as his job as her big brother , but she sure as hell did n't . 
 not anymore . 
 she leaned in to give him a kiss on the cheek-breaking eye contact as she did . 
 lying was hard enough for her . 
 doing it while she was looking straight into her brother 's eyes so was n't going to happen . 
 `` i 've been working . 
 i had some new recipes i needed to try out . '' 
 `` oh , yeah ? '' 
 jared stepped back , quirked an eyebrow . 
 `` what kind of recipes were they ? '' 
 `` a couple new cakes , '' she told him . 
 `` i want to try something new , but not too different -- '' he sighed heavily . 
 `` i went by the restaurant , jamison . 
 they told me they had to downsize-right after they tried to get me to take a photo with the owner and chef . '' 
 `` shit . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i - '' `` you think i give a damn about the photo request ? 
 i want to know whyyou did n't tell me you got laid off . '' 
 she shrugged , tried to blow it off . 
 `` it 's no big deal . 
 with the recession , people are n't eating out as much-especially at fancy restaurants . 
 they had to downsize and since i was the last employee hired , i was the first fired . 
 you know how it goes . 
 at least they gave me a good , recommendation . 
 it should n't be that hard to find another job . '' 
 as long as she did n't mind asking customers if they wanted fries with their burger , anyway . 
 `` do you have enough money to get by ? '' 
 jared asked as he followed her up the stairs to her third-floor apartment . 
 `` yeah , of course . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 he snorted , but did n't say anything else as he waited for her to open her front door . 
 once they were inside her apartment-which she liked to think was furnished in shabby chic , but in all actuality was really just shabby-he sprawled across her couch and asked , `` what happened to your car ? '' 
 she closed her eyes , blew out a long breath . 
 she 'd really been hoping he had n't seen her getting off the bus . 
 `` i was in a wreck earlier this week . '' 
 `` a wreck ? '' 
 he jumped off the couch , crossed to her . 
 `` how bad was it ? '' 
 he demanded , his eyes moving over every visible inch of her body , searching for damage . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 it was n't a big deal . 
 but my car 's not drivable right now . '' 
 which technically was n't a lie , she told herself , since the stupid thing would never be drivable again . 
 jared looked more than a little suspicious of her answer , but he did n't call her on it . 
 determined to get him off his line of questioning , she gave him a hug , then laid her head on his shoulder . 
 `` i appreciate your concern , i really do . 
 but did you seriously come all this way to talk about my car ? '' 
 `` no . 
 but now i think we 'd better . '' 
 he glanced at the clock on her wall . 
 `` where 's charles ? 
 i thought you had plans with him tonight ? '' 
 `` no , not with him . '' 
 she waved a hand dismissively . 
 `` we broke up . 
 it 's no big deal-it was brewing for a while . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 jared 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` what did he do ? '' 
 she sighed , exasperated now . 
 `` nothing for you to worry about . '' 
 but as usual he was n't listening-or paying any attention to the back-off signals she was throwing out all over the place . 
 `` the jerk just happened to dump you the same week you lost your job and your car ? 
 when she did n't answer , he ground out , `` that bastard . '' 
 jared pushed past her , walked into her postage stamp sized kitchen . 
 opened the fridge and stared at the dismal contents before slamming the door shut and turning back to her . 
 `` when were you going to tell me all this ? '' 
 `` i was n't , actually . 
 it 's none of your business . '' 
 `` none of my business ? 
 my baby sister is stuck in san diego with no job , no car , and no boyfriend to help her out . 
 does that about cover the situation ? '' 
 `` i do n't need a man to help me out ! 
 i 'm not an imbecile , you know . '' 
 jared rolled his eyes . 
 `` i was talking about him giving you a ride every once in a while . 
 this is n't exactly a public-transportation-friendly town . '' 
 did n't she know it ? 
 she 'd been on four buses and the trolley today , and that was just what it had taken her to get home . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 i - '' he cut her off with a downward slice of his hand . 
 `` you are patently not fine , sweetheart . '' 
 his words cut right through her-even though she knew they were true . 
 her carefully organized life had spun completely out of her control and she did n't have a clue what she was going to do about it . 
 she tried to hide her discomfort , but jared must have figured out how much he 'd hurt her because he started backpedalling . 
 `` you know i did n't mean it like that . 
 it 's just that you have such a hard time accepting help . 
 you always have , ever since mom left . 
 but , jelly bean , there 's nothing wrong with needing someone sometimes . 
 i can help you . 
 let me help you . '' 
 `` i do n't need your help ! '' 
 this time he was the one who winced . 
 `` has it ever occurred to you that sometimes i need to help you ? 
 you 're my sister . 
 i know you can do whatever you set your mind to . 
 but i love you and i worry about you and i ca n't just walk away and leave you here in this ridiculous apartment , with no job , no car , and no money . '' 
 `` i have some money . 
 besides , i do n't want to take advantage of the fact that - '' `` what ? 
 that i 'm a rock star ? 
 give me a break . 
 i have more money than i know what to do with . 
 let me give you some - '' `` i 'm not doing this with you , jared . '' 
 she crossed to the door , opened it . 
 `` you need to go or you 'll be late for the concert . '' 
 `` i 'll leave when you come with me . '' 
 `` that 's not going to happen . 
 i need to look for a job . '' 
 `` here ? '' 
 `` where else ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 back home maybe ? 
 you moved here because of that job at that damn restaurant . 
 now what 's the point of staying ? '' 
 `` i have a lease . 
 i have a life here . '' 
 and absolutely no desire to run back home with her tail tucked between her legs . 
 she 'd left austin with big plans . 
 she was n't - she refused to be-her mother 's daughter , running home at the first sign of failure . 
 `` obviously . '' 
 she could tell the second his patience ran out . 
 `` go pack a bag . '' 
 `` i 'm not going home to dad , jared . '' 
 `` you 've made that clear . 
 so , fine . 
 if you do n't want to go home , do n't . 
 but then you 're coming on the road with me . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` yeah , right . '' 
 `` i 'm not joking . '' 
 he shoved an irritated hand through his hair . 
 `` why are we arguing about this ? '' 
 `` i ca n't just pick up and go on the road with you . 
 what about the guys ? '' 
 `` what about them ? 
 they 'd love to have you . '' 
 `` nothing like a little sister tagging along to ruin all the fun . '' 
 jared waved off her concern . 
 `` trust me . 
 having you along wo n't cramp anyone 's style . '' 
 what about ryder ? 
 she wanted to ask , but knew doing so would make her sound too much like a needy , insecure little girl-an image she was currently doing her damnedest not to project . 
 besides , she was n't sure she wanted to know the answer . 
 even after everything that had happened that morning , she was n't sure she could deal with not cramping ryder 's style . 
 seeing him with girl after girl , groupie after groupie . 
 her stomach churned at the thought . 
 crossing to the window , she looked out over the parking lot . 
 watched a drug deal go down on the corner . 
 and despite her better judgment , found herself asking , `` what would i even do on tour with you ? '' 
 `` anything you want . 
 hang out . 
 party . 
 work on that book of recipes you keep saying you want to write . '' 
 `` and what am i going to do for money ? 
 just live off of you ? '' 
 `` yes ! 
 yes , live off of me ! 
 what 's wrong with me helping you out for a while ? '' 
 nothing , except it would shred what little self-esteem she had left . 
 `` i ca n't be a parasite , jared . 
 i just ca n't . '' 
 `` you 're nothing like her . '' 
 she turned away before he could see the tears she was n't strong enough to keep buried . 
 but jared knew . 
 he always knew . 
 she 'd spent her whole life watching their mother pop in and out of their dad 's life . 
 watching her get his hopes up only to disappear in the middle of the night with whatever money she could get her hands on . 
 jamison knew her father and brother would give her anything , everything , but she could n't take it . 
 could n't take the chance of ever becoming what her mother had always been . 
 `` i ca n't live like that , jared . 
 you know i ca n't . '' 
 silence as he considered her words . 
 then , `` what if there 's a job for you on the road with me ? '' 
 `` band groupie is n't exactly a job . 
 especially when i wo n't put out . '' 
 except for ryder . 
 she was desperately afraid he could turn her into a groupie with little more than a touch . 
 maybe it was a good thing she was n't his type . 
 jared just shook his head , made a disgusted sound deep in his throat . 
 `` i was thinking more along the lines of a cook . '' 
 `` a cook ? 
 for the band ? '' 
 she asked dubiously . 
 `` hell , yeah . 
 we eat crap pretty much twenty-four-seven while we 're on the road . 
 you could fix that . '' 
 his voice gained enthusiasm as he warmed to the idea . 
 `` i can almost taste your apple pie now . '' 
 she wanted to argue some more , but the idea had merit . 
 she knew it did . 
 she could go on the road for a few weeks as she looked for another pastry chef job , could cook for the guys and maybe even save a little . 
 but , still ... pride made her want to say no . 
 there was a part of her that was deathly afraid that she was just like their mother . 
 that all the crap that had happened this week happened because she was genetically predisposed to screw up her life . 
 giving in and running away with jared just seemed to prove that idea . 
 but at the same time , her rent was due in two weeks and unless she found a job asap , she would n't have the money . 
 her landlord was n't exactly the understanding sort , which meant she 'd have to borrow from jared or her father if she did n't want to run back to texas a total failure . 
 just the thought of it made her skin crawl . 
 she could n't handle being the cause of more disappointment to her father , could n't handle having the neighbors look at her the same way they 'd looked at her mother . 
 like she was a failure . 
 could she do this ? 
 she wondered , a slightly panicked feeling in the pit of her stomach . 
 could she just ride away with shaken dirty tonight after the show ? 
 just leave behind the life she 'd begun to make for herself here and start a new one ? 
 one where she actually created new recipes and wrote the cookbook she 'd been playing with since her sophomore year in college ? 
 one where she lived for the moment instead of for her ten-year plan ? 
 she thought of charles . 
 of her lost job . 
 of the way her carefully planned life had imploded in less than a week . 
 jared 's offer was a godsend and she knew it . 
 especially with as tight as newspaper jobs were right now . 
 and so what if he was giving it to her to get her out of trouble ? 
 she could still be the best damn cook any rock band had ever had while on the road . 
 at the same time , she could n't believe she was seriously considering her brother 's offer . 
 especially since ryder came as a part of the package . 
 she was n't sure she was ready to face him-that she 'd ever be ready to face him after everything that had happened in that hotel room early this morning . 
 but the band did have two tour buses for their exclusive use . 
 she 'd just make sure that she was on whatever bus ryder was n't . 
 how hard could that be ? 
 `` come on , jamison . '' 
 jared held a hand out to her . 
 `` do n't make me leave you here alone . 
 come on the u.s. leg of the tour with us . 
 it 's only seven weeks . '' 
 to hell with it . 
 maybe a couple months away from her real life was exactly what she needed . 
 as long as she pulled her weight , there 'd be no problem . 
 and she would pull her weight . 
 reaching forward , she took her brother 's hand , squeezed . 
 `` how long before you have to leave for the amphitheater ? '' 
 he glanced at the clock on her wall . 
 `` i should have been out of here ten minutes ago . '' 
 trepidation was a tight ball in the pit of her stomach as she headed for the bedroom . 
 but she 'd made her decision and she would stick with it , even if a lack of options had speeded things along . 
 `` i guess i 'd better start packing , then . '' 
 jared breathed an audible sigh of relief even as he said , `` do n't bring anything that does n't fit in one suitcase . 
 the buses are cramped . '' 
 jamison closed her eyes , blew out a deep breath at the warning . 
 and prayed she was n't making the biggest mistake of her life . 
 chapter ten she 'd come . 
 ryder could n't describe the relief that swept through him when he glanced toward the curtain and saw jamison standing there in a pair of jeans and a tight tank top , h * ps wiggling and shoulders swaying to the beat wyatt was laying down with his drums . 
 he 'd been afraid she would n't show tonight , afraid he was n't going to get another chance to apologize for the shitty way things had ended up between them that morning . 
 the tour was playing a show in portland tomorrow night and shaken dirty planned to head out right after they finished their set . 
 as it was , he 'd have to talk fast if he wanted jamison to listen to him . 
 and he did want that . 
 he was surprised by just how much . 
 they 'd been friends for too long for him to leave things a mess between them . 
 especially when god only knew how long it would be before the band got back around to san diego . 
 they had seven more weeks on this tour , a few weeks off , then they were starting an international tour-just them and a couple of opening bands-that would take a solid eight months . 
 he could n't stand for jamison to be mad at him for that long . 
 the rest of the world , sure . 
 he did n't give a fuck . 
 hell , he relished it . 
 but not jamison . 
 and not when he knew her very real anger at him covered up an even more real hurt . 
 the thought had him missing a note , not the first screw-up he 'd had tonight . 
 jared shot him a what-the-hell look and micah mouthed at him to pull it together . 
 which he was really trying to do . 
 he finished the song to wild applause-thank god the audience did n't seem to mind the fact that he was all over the place tonight-then glanced toward the left wing again . 
 jamison was still standing there , a look of concern on her face as she watched him . 
 it was that look that calmed him down , that convinced him he had n't f ** ked up their friendship too badly with his careless words and even more careless actions . 
 suddenly , jared knocked into him from his right side-hard-and he realized they 'd launched right into `` careless '' and he 'd been so locked in his head that he had n't even noticed . 
 worse , he 'd missed his cue-the whole first verse had turned into an instrumental . 
 because he needed another way to screw up , right ? 
 shit . 
 forcing his attention back to what he was supposed to be doing-which was singing for a capacity crowd that had dropped at least a hundred bucks a pop to see him do just that-ryder refused to look over at jamison one more time . 
 doing so just messed with his mind . 
 he finished the rest of the concert without any more screw-ups-or at least any glaring ones . 
 jared had kicked his ass when they 'd dueled , something the crowd had been completely aware of . 
 but ryder could n't bring himself to care . 
 he was just too damn glad the concert was finally over . 
 he ripped out his earplugs as they headed off stage and quinn was right there , in his face . 
 `` what the hell was that ? '' 
 the keyboardist demanded . 
 he had n't yelled , but with the level of intensity in his voice he might as well have . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 ryder pushed past him , determined to get to jamison before jared did . 
 but when he got to where she 'd been standing just a little while before , she was gone . 
 goddammit . 
 surely she had n't left without saying good-bye to the band , had she ? 
 no , she would n't do that . 
 no matter how mad she was at him , she loved the rest of the guys . 
 she would n't walk out without at least talking to them . 
 then where the hell was she ? 
 he stepped further into the backstage area , looked left and right . 
 but there was no sign of her . 
 `` answer him , dude . '' 
 micah bumped him with his shoulder , hard . 
 `` what the hell is wrong with you tonight ? '' 
 ryder ignored him , too , as images of max-who 'd sounded a hell of a lot worse than ryder had on stage tonight-twisted around in his head . 
 panic raked sharp claws down his spine and he started to walk faster . 
 where the hell was she ? 
 `` are you even going to answer us , man ? '' 
 quinn again , and this time he put a restraining hand on ryder 's arm . 
 `` we looked like amateurs out there tonight . 
 in front of a sold-out crowd . '' 
 `` where 's jamison ? '' 
 he burst out . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 jared looked confused . 
 `` she was here , listening to the concert for a while . 
 but she disappeared . '' 
 he was frantic and trying not to show it , but from the look on his bandmates ' faces , he was n't doing a very good job . 
 damn it , if max had gotten his hands on her ... he grabbed the roadie closest to him and yelled , `` have you seen max ? '' 
 `` max ? '' 
 the guy looked confused . 
 `` max casey . 
 from oblivious . '' 
 `` no , dude , they 're gone . 
 they pulled out forty-five minutes ago . '' 
 relief flooded him , so acute that he felt his legs go weak for just a second . 
 he 'd seen jamison less than half an hour ago . 
 wherever she 'd disappeared to , max had n't gotten a hold of her again . 
 ryder had n't failed her a second time . 
 `` is that what you were so freaked out about ? '' 
 jared demanded . 
 `` i had a talk with max a little while before we went on . 
 i made sure he knows i 'll kill him if he touches jamison again . '' 
 the last of the tension left him as jared 's words sank in . 
 `` yeah , sorry . 
 with that a ** hole on the loose ... '' `` no worries . '' 
 wyatt 's words were a little slurred as he clapped ryder on the back . 
 `` it 's all good . 
 the crowd did n't seem to mind . '' 
 ryder glanced around again . 
 `` so where 'd she go , anyway ? '' 
 `` probably over to the bus , '' jared said . 
 `` speaking of , i want to talk to you guys about something before we head back there . '' 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 quinn asked . 
 before jared could answer , wyatt stumbled while grabbing for a bottle of water , would have landed flat on his ass if ryder had n't reached out and caught him . 
 the unmistakable scent of weed drew his attention . 
 he replayed the last few minutes in his mind , realized wyatt had been weaving a little . 
 and now that he thought about it , he was n't the only one who 'd had problems onstage tonight . 
 wyatt had screwed up a couple rhythms himself . 
 which was n't like him , except when - `` dude , are you high ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` what ? 
 no ! 
 i just had a couple hits . '' 
 quinn and jared both froze . 
 micah did n't seem to notice , but then when did that guy ever think about anyone but himself ? 
 he was a damn good bass player , but that was about all he had going for him these days . 
 that and the fact that he 'd known jared , ryder , and wyatt forever . 
 pissed off and concerned all over again-this time for a very different reason-ryder dragged wyatt under one of the backstage lights . 
 and felt his heart , and his hopes , plummet at what he saw . 
 the drummer 's eyes were glassy and bloodshot , his pupils tiny little pinpoints . 
 `` shit . 
 you 're using again . '' 
 `` nah , man . 
 no way . '' 
 but after that first second , wyatt would n't look him in the eye . 
 `` it was just a little bit , to take the edge off . '' 
 `` a minute ago it was a couple hits of weed . 
 now it 's something to take the edge off . 
 which is it ? '' 
 `` what are you , my mother ? '' 
 wyatt tried to duck around him , but ryder was n't backing off . 
 not this time . 
 `` no , i 'm the dick who believed you when you got out of rehab this time and swore you were done with all this shit . '' 
 he shoved wyatt up against the wall . 
 `` do n't f ** king touch me . '' 
 wyatt shoved back . 
 `` hey , everybody calm down . '' 
 jared , ever the peacemaker , got between them . 
 usually ryder was willing to listen to him , but not this time . 
 jared was n't the one who 'd walked into that f ** king hotel room and found wyatt passed out , totally od 'd on smack . 
 he was n't the one who 'd dragged him to the shower , was n't the one who 'd called 911 and prayed while he waited for the ambulance to show up . 
 and he was n't the one who 'd sat in that damn hospital room and listened to the catalog of damage the a ** hole had done to himself . 
 there was no way ryder was going to calm down-not when they 'd gone over this ground too many f ** king times already . 
 `` okay , all right . 
 that 's enough . '' 
 quinn wrestled him off of wyatt . 
 `` let 's take this back to the bus , okay ? 
 we do n't need an audience . '' 
 he said the last with a meaningful glance around them and ryder realized he was right . 
 the roadies , and more than a few groupies , were watching the free show he was putting on . 
 rumors of drug addiction were the last thing shaken dirty wanted right now . 
 their songs were kicking ass , their latest album had just gone double platinum and they were gearing up to headline the biggest tour of their careers . 
 the last thing they needed was for their label , and tour backers , to get wind of wyatt 's fall off the wagon . 
 he 'd already been in rehab three times in the last five years . 
 and the last time , when things had gone bad , they 'd gone really bad . 
 ryder loosened his grip on wyatt 's collar , stepped back . 
 he was still beyond pissed , but at least he 'd calmed down enough to think rationally . 
 `` let 's get on the bus , '' he said , making sure his voice carried the ring of authority . 
 each of the guys in shaken dirty did their own thing , but he also knew they listened to him . 
 it was all part and parcel of being lead singer-and the guy who , with jared , had first put the band together . 
 `` we 've got to get going anyway . '' 
 he started toward the side door , his mind whirling as he tried to figure out how he wanted to play this thing . 
 wyatt was going to deny , deny , deny , but he could n't let him . 
 he 'd tried going that route more than once-hell , wyatt had some f ** king monstrous demons and no one blamed him for needing a crutch to deal with them . 
 but he was n't just drinking , was n't just smoking weed anymore . 
 her ** n was heavy shit , and if they did n't do something-and quickly-he 'd finish the job he 'd started eleven months before . 
 quinn got to the door first , and he glanced back at them , a crazy ass grin on his face . 
 `` you guys ready for the gauntlet ? '' 
 `` damn straight , '' wyatt called while micah just whooped a couple of times . 
 `` let 's go , '' jared said , sounding as tired and impatient as ryder felt . 
 then again , he was the only member of the band with a fiancee-one he was determined to be faithful to . 
 quinn pushed the door open and they piled outside . 
 despite the rope barriers and the presence of five of the biggest security guards ryder had ever seen , it only took them about thirty seconds to be swamped . 
 teenage girls , grown women-even some guys-were screaming at the top of their lungs . 
 flashing them , pulling at them , grabbing on to whatever piece of clothing they could reach . 
 it was crazy , but it was a small price to pay for getting to make the music he loved . 
 besides , normally it was hard to mind being mauled by women who wanted nothing more than to go down on him . 
 hell , in the past he 'd let one or two do just that . 
 but tonight he was n't interested in the slightest-and he would n't be even if they were n't planning on heading out in the next few minutes . 
 his thoughts were too full of jamison and wyatt for him to notice the women all but throwing themselves in his path as anything more than obstacles . 
 micah , wyatt , and quinn were n't having that problem . 
 micah had grabbed onto two blond girls , was kissing one while he caressed the other 's br ** sts . 
 wyatt was making out with a cute redhead and quinn was signing a t-shirt while it was still being worn by a brunette with sultry eyes and an even sultrier pout . 
 jared pushed past them , deflecting numerous hands and other things as he gained ground . 
 in the last few months , he 'd become an expert at working his way through a frenzied crowd without getting caught , so tonight , ryder followed in his footsteps . 
 he moved swiftly , twisting and turning , signing as many autograph books and body parts as he could while still keeping his forward momentum . 
 he 'd almost made it to the first tour bus , was in fact congratulating himself for successfully running the gauntlet , when a couple of girls got their hands on him . 
 they were small and sweet looking-and could n't have been more than eighteen-but they hung on like limpets , pulling at his clothes for all they were worth . 
 behind him , he could hear quinn laughing at his predicament , but the keyboardist did nothing to help him out . 
 a few feet ahead , jared had made it to the tour bus and thrown the door open . 
 though it was dark , he could see jamison 's silhouette in the doorway . 
 he could tell she was watching the debacle , though her face was in shadows and he could n't tell if it upset or amused her . 
 either way , it gave him the extra impetus to get away from the clutching , groping hands . 
 with a twist , a duck and a shimmy that would have done mick jagger proud , he slid out of his t-shirt , leaving it in his fans ' excited hands . 
 the ensuing fight over the prize distracted them long enough for him to make a try for the bus . 
 he hit the door running , determined to get out of sight before things got really out of hand . 
 he expected jamison to get out of his way-she 'd been around the band enough to know how crazy things could become-but she must have expected him to stop because she did n't budge . 
 he checked himself at the last second , managed to avoid barreling into her full strength , but he still hit her pretty hard . 
 they went down in a tangle of limbs . 
 for a second , ryder did nothing but lay there and absorb the feel of jamison 's lush , peach-scented body against his own . 
 it threw him back to those long , sexy minutes he 'd spent with her on the couch the night before , only this was better because he was fully alert . 
 caught up in the feel of her , in the gorgeous sight and sound and smell of her , he shifted without thinking . 
 pressed himself against the apex of her thighs . 
 and nearly groaned at the inviting heat of her . 
 jamison gasped , a soft , broken sound that arrowed straight to his dick . 
 he did groan then , moving so that she was above him , straddling him . 
 he looked up at her , nearly came at the sight of her pursed lips , wide eyes , and oh-so-wild hair . 
 he reached for her , would have run his hands through those fuck-me curls if jared had n't chosen that moment to lean down and grab his sister 's hand . 
 he pulled her up even as he scowled at ryder , his own eyes filled with a warning ryder would have had to be blind to miss . 
 he was n't sure what it said about him that he did n't give a shit . 
 at that moment , if jamison had given him any encouragement , he would have grabbed her and taken off into the night . 
 would have told his best friend to f ** k off completely . 
 but encouragement was n't what he saw on her face at the moment . 
 climbing to his feet , he kept a wary eye on jared and jamison , both of whom looked like they wanted to take a swing at him . 
 he was n't sure his jaw could take it-bitter experience had taught him that they both knew how to throw a punch . 
 he and jared had tangled on more than one occasion growing up and jamison ... well , she 'd taken exception to his and jared 's teasing one night and ended up clocking both of them . 
 still , those long-ago memories did n't mean he was n't going to have his say . 
 he might be wary , but he was nobody 's p ** sy , after all . 
 `` jamison , i 'm glad you 're here - '' he never got the chance to finish his thought as seconds later , wyatt , quinn , and micah tumbled through the open door . 
 they all looked a little worse for wear-quinn was also missing his shirt while micah 's hung off of him in long , jagged strips and wyatt was in nothing but a pair of boxers . 
 not surprisingly , each of them wore wide , satisfied grins . 
 but then , exhibitionism had never been a problem for shaken dirty 's members ... or their groupies . 
 he glanced at jamison , wondering if she would be upset . 
 but she was smiling as she drawled , `` you boys look like you had a good time . '' 
 `` you know it , jelly bean ! '' 
 wyatt gave her a loud , smacking kiss on the cheek before dropping face first onto the sofa . 
 seconds later , he started to softly snore . 
 ryder caught jared 's eye , saw his own worry mirrored there . 
 which only made him feel worse . 
 jared was a pretty laid-back , take-things-as-they-came kind of guy . 
 pretty much the opposite of ryder and jamison , though in very different ways . 
 and if he was stressed out about the wyatt situation , then it had to be as bad as ryder was imagining . 
 maybe even worse . 
 he glanced between his bandmates ' faces , saw the strain they all tried to hide . 
 and knew that his suspicions were right . 
 this was n't the first time wyatt had used . 
 it was just the first time ryder had caught him . 
 `` hey . '' 
 steve , their bus driver , popped his head in from the front . 
 `` everybody ready to go ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' jared said . 
 `` let 's get out of here . '' 
 it was a testament to just how worried ryder was about wyatt that they were already on the freeway heading north before it hit him . 
 jamison was still on board . 
 chapter eleven `` what do you mean your sister is going on tour with us ? '' 
 ryder asked for what had to be the fifth time . 
 he , jared , and the rest of the guys-sans wyatt-were in the back bedroom discussing her sudden appearance on the bus . 
 they were making an effort to keep their voices low , but the bus was too small for real privacy . 
 especially when she was standing a few feet away from the closed door , doing her best to eavesdrop without actually putting a glass-or her ear-up against that same door . 
 as it was , she 'd heard enough to make her want to sink through the floor . 
 jared had assured her that he would clear it with the guys before anything was decided for sure , but obviously that assurance had n't been worth much . 
 maybe it was a good thing he was on the other side of that door . 
 if he had n't been , she 'd be tempted to kick his ass . 
 `` what 's the big deal anyway ? '' 
 jared demanded . 
 `` you love jamison . 
 she loves you guys . 
 she 's a great cook . 
 i do n't see the downside . '' 
 `` i do n't have a problem with it , '' quinn said . 
 `` your sister 's great . '' 
 `` absolutely , '' micah chimed in . 
 `` and if she 's going to cook for us , i say , hell , yeah . '' 
 jamison smiled at the support . 
 she really did love these guys and it would hurt if they did n't want her to tag along with them for a few weeks . 
 she 'd understand - or at least she told herself she would-but it would still hurt . 
 `` i just do n't think it 's a good idea . '' 
 ryder 's voice , when it came , was so low she had to strain to hear it . 
 then was sorry she had . 
 `` i do n't want her here . '' 
 `` you know , you ca n't penalize her for what happened between you two last night . '' 
 `` whoa . 
 what happened between them ? '' 
 quinn demanded . 
 `` you tapped jelly bean ? '' 
 micah sounded more intrigued than scandalized . 
 `` do n't even think about it , a ** hole ! '' 
 ryder and jared growled the exact same thing at the exact same time . 
 then ryder continued , `` that 's not what i 'm doing and you know it . '' 
 he sounded furious . 
 `` anything can happen to her if she 's on tour with us . 
 you know a lot of these guys are n't trustworthy , right ? '' 
 `` which is why i talked to max about staying away from her . 
 the word has already spread about how you took him apart-jamison will be fine . 
 plus , i feel a hell of a lot more comfortable with her here , where we can watch her , than in that dismal little apartment searching for a job anywhere she can get one . '' 
 `` i do n't see what the big deal is-just give her some money . 
 or if you do n't want to , then i will . 
 she can get a decent place to live and - '' the alarm she 'd set forty minutes earlier chose that minute to go off . 
 jamison leaped away from the door and dove for her cell phone , which was sitting on the kitchen counter next to the small stove . 
 she blinked tears out of her eyes , shocked at just how desperate ryder was to get rid of her . 
 he actually wanted to pay her to go away ? 
 had kissing her really been that bad ? 
 mortified heat flooded her cheeks as she bent to pull from the oven the apple cobbler she 'd made from the ingredients she 'd cleared out of her apartment . 
 if she 'd had any better options-or any options at all , really-she would have been out of there . 
 as it was , she was stuck and she knew it . 
 she wanted to put her head down and sob at the unfairness of it . 
 she wanted her job back , along with her independence . 
 even more , she wanted the relationship she 'd had with ryder just yesterday . 
 how could things have gotten so horrible between them so quickly ? 
 she did n't have time to cry , though . 
 did n't have time to do anything but put the apple cobbler on the counter before the door to the bedroom swung wide open , the guys obviously alerted that something was up by the sound of her too-loud alarm . 
 seconds later , the tiny kitchen was filled with large , handsome males , still in varying states of undress , all of them jockeying to see where the sweet cinnamon-and-sugar smell was coming from . 
 `` you baked for us ? '' 
 quinn sounded ecstatic as he reached out and snagged a clump of the sugary crumble off the top and popped it in his mouth . 
 he moaned a second later . 
 `` god , that 's good ! '' 
 `` jared , could you get me the ice cream out of the freezer behind you ? '' 
 she asked as she reached for five plates from the cabinet next to the refrigerator . 
 `` that 's it , '' micah said with a glare in ryder 's direction . 
 `` jamison stays . '' 
 `` damn straight , '' quinn agreed . 
 jared did n't say anything-she knew he had n't planned on this going any other way-but neither did ryder , who just stood there , returning micah 's glare with interest . 
 though she was embarrassed all over again , jamison pretended not to notice . 
 instead , she concentrated on dishing up five large portions of dessert and handing them out to the ravenous guys . 
 she deliberately avoided looking at ryder as she handed him his plate , but he was having none of it . 
 `` hey , '' he said , blocking her into the corner so she could n't take more than one step without bumping her body against his-something she would rather die than do at this point . 
 `` you know this is n't about you , right ? '' 
 it sure felt like it was about her . 
 not that she was going to say that to him . 
 if she did , she was afraid she 'd end up crying and that she would not do . 
 not when she 'd already had more than her fair share of humiliation this week . 
 when she did n't answer , he said her name all deep and rumbly and determined . 
 if she 'd had her way , she would have stood there all night , refusing to meet his eyes until he finally gave up and went away . 
 but she was conscious of the other guys watching them . 
 so she dug deep , put on her breeziest smile and most carefree look . 
 `` did n't i give you enough ice cream ? '' 
 she teased gently , knowing his weakness for the stuff . 
 `` jamison ... '' god . 
 why was he making this so difficult for her ? 
 could n't he see she was desperate to get away from him ? 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 she reached up and patted his cheek with a playfulness she was far from feeling . 
 `` i promise , i wo n't attack you in your sleep . 
 your virtue is safe with me . '' 
 `` damn it ! 
 that 's not what i meant . '' 
 his frustration was obvious and her knees quivered a little as she wondered what he was going to do next . 
 which was stupid as there was nothing he could do , not in front of the other guys . 
 and not when jared had obviously had enough . 
 her brother wrapped his hand around her wrist and gently tugged her out of ryder 's reach . 
 grateful for the rescue , she went over to sit on the couch next to wyatt . 
 he was taking up most of the sofa , so she perched carefully on the edge of the middle cushion , then placed a gentle hand on the center of his back . 
 `` come on , sweetie . 
 do n't you want any dessert ? 
 i made your favorite . '' 
 and she had . 
 partly because the apples she 'd brought from home were pretty much the only thing she had to work with and partly because she 'd seen the darkness in his eyes the night before and she 'd wanted to lighten it , even for a few moments . 
 when she 'd been growing up , he 'd spent almost as much time at their house as ryder had and she 'd been as crazy about him-but in a totally platonic way-as she 'd always been about ryder . 
 wyatt stirred , opened bleary eyes . 
 `` jelly bean ? '' 
 `` come on , sweetie . 
 why do n't you eat something ? '' 
 she hated the way she could see the bumps in his spine , the way she could count every rib . 
 `` not hungry . '' 
 he turned his face away , closed his eyes again . 
 tears trembled on her lashes , this time for a totally different reason . 
 `` how long has he been using ? '' 
 she demanded , her harsh whisper echoing in the sudden silence of the bus . 
 `` that 's what i 've been trying to figure out . '' 
 ryder glared at his fellow bandmates . 
 jared held his hands up . 
 `` i was as surprised as you tonight . '' 
 quinn shifted guiltily . 
 `` i thought he might have been high the other night , but i was n't sure . 
 it 's the only other time i 've noticed . '' 
 micah did n't say anything , which was strange enough that it had all of them looking at him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he said , around a mouthful of ice cream . 
 `` i did n't know . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 ryder asked . 
 `` you sure about that ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` okay , yeah , i suspected . 
 have for a while , really . 
 but i did n't kno - '' `` why the f ** k did n't you tell us ? '' 
 jared demanded . 
 `` the fact that our drummer is using again is pretty pertinent information . '' 
 `` he 's fine , '' micah answered with a careless roll of his eyes . 
 he seemed a lot more interested in his dessert than he did in wyatt 's problems . 
 `` he 's keeping it together . '' 
 `` that 's not the point . '' 
 ryder 's arms were crossed , his eyes a hard obsidian . 
 `` we agreed we 'd watch out for him . '' 
 `` i was watching out for him . 
 i was watching out for all of us ! 
 we ca n't afford to blow this tour , not now when we 're about to hit really big - '' `` really ? 
 that matters more to you than if he kills himself ? '' 
 `` do n't be such a drama queen , ryder . 
 he 's obviously fine-none of you guys even noticed before tonight . 
 besides , you 're damn right it matters . 
 i 'm not in this band for my f ** king health , you know . 
 i want to go big , really big and this is our shot . '' 
 he shoved another bite of cobbler in his mouth , chewed , swallowed . 
 then shrugged . 
 `` besides , having a f ** ked up drummer just gives us street cred . 
 feeds the mystique . '' 
 jamison gasped , shocked at the way micah talked about wyatt and his very real demons . 
 she glanced around , realized the rest of the guys did n't look shocked . 
 just disgusted . 
 suddenly the gulf she 'd sensed between them and micah last night made so much more sense . 
 she could n't help wondering what had happened to him . 
 or if he 'd always been like this and they 'd just never noticed before . 
 ryder lunged across the short distance between them , got in micah 's face with a growl so deadly it sent shivers of dread sliding down her spine . 
 `` keep it up , a ** hole , and the only ride you 're going to be taking is straight back to austin , one way . '' 
 `` oh , yeah ? '' 
 micah straightened up , shoved ryder in the chest . 
 `` and who 's going to make me ? '' 
 `` oh , i am . '' 
 ryder had n't so much as flinched under micah 's assault , but when he shoved him back , the bass player stumbled . 
 would have gone down if he had n't managed to catch himself on the kitchen counter . 
 `` if you do n't start looking out for the band instead of number one , i 'll f ** king ruin you . 
 and i wo n't even think twice about it . '' 
 jamison was shocked at the anger that throbbed between the two , wondered what had caused it . 
 ryder , wyatt , micah and jared had been close friends for well over fifteen years . 
 quinn had come along a little later-just about ten years ago-but he 'd fit in seamlessly and it had n't taken long before he was a close-knit member of the group . 
 but when she looked at jared and quinn , they both looked as disgusted with the bass player as ryder was . 
 before she could say anything to diffuse the tension , wyatt rolled over and shoved himself into a sitting position . 
 `` jeez , i was just having a little fun . 
 nothing for any of you to get so bent out of shape about . 
 relax , will you ? '' 
 `` it does n't look like much fun from where i 'm sitting , '' she told him softly enough that the others could n't hear , before moving to stand up . 
 his hand shot out , pulled her back so that she was cuddled into his side . 
 `` do n't go , jelly bean . '' 
 surprised , she glanced into his face . 
 saw those damn demons prowling behind his eyes no matter how carefree he sounded . 
 relaxing against him , she murmured , `` i 'm not going anywhere , wy . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 he draped an arm over her shoulder . 
 `` but you 've got to eat for me . '' 
 she held up a spoonful of the apple crumble . 
 `` you 're way too skinny . '' 
 `` you sound like my grandmother . '' 
 `` obviously a wise woman . '' 
 his smile , when it came , was a little off , but the darkness in his eyes had dissipated some . 
 it dispelled more when he leaned forward and she slid a bite of dessert into his open mouth . 
 `` god , that 's good . '' 
 he allowed her to feed him a few more bites before he buried his head in the curve of her neck and rubbed his nose back and forth against the sensitive skin there . 
 jamison laughed at his tickling , then shoved at his head in response . 
 `` you smell like cinnamon . '' 
 he sniffed deeply before rubbing his face against her again . 
 `` and you smell like dirty sweat socks . '' 
 she poked him in the ribs , tried to wriggle away from him . 
 he responded by putting the plate aside and tickling her in earnest . 
 `` oh , yeah ? 
 i 'll show you sweat socks . '' 
 he wrestled with her , doing his best to get her face into his bare armpit . 
 she fought him , but her struggles were n't all that effective considering she was laughing like a hyena all the while . 
 `` knock it off , wyatt ! '' 
 ryder snapped . 
 wyatt ignored him , flipping her around so that he was on top of her . 
 she continued to wrestle with him , but he was way too strong for her . 
 he might be too skinny , but years of playing the drums gave him really impressive upper body strength . 
 she could hear jared and quinn laughing from the sidelines , calling encouragement to her though they made absolutely no attempt to intervene . 
 it only made her fight harder-she 'd spent her adolescence wrestling with these guys . 
 now that she was a grown woman , she 'd be damned if she lost as easily as she had at twelve . 
 `` take it back , '' wyatt taunted her from above , his wild blue eyes filled with laughter for once . 
 that , more than anything else , convinced her to keep struggling . 
 if she gave in , no doubt he 'd go right back to brooding . 
 right back to hurting . 
 she could n't stand that . 
 not when she knew how self-destructive he could become . 
 `` come on , jamison . 
 say i smell good and i 'll let you go . '' 
 `` never ! '' 
 she cried , closing her eyes and bucking against him . 
 he gave a maniacal laugh . 
 `` then prepare to pay - '' he stopped mid-cackle , his grip loosening abruptly as his words cut off . 
 then she was free . 
 jamison opened her eyes to see ryder standing above her like a conquering barbarian , his drummer dangling from his hands like he weighed nothing . 
 then he was tossing wyatt aside and reaching for her hand . 
 her heart thudded hard against her ribs-once , twice-before kicking into high gear . 
 she let him pull her to her feet and this time she made it a point to meet his eyes . 
 he was pissed , no doubt about it , his eyes alight with a wild fury she rarely saw in him . 
 too bad she could n't bring herself to care . 
 not this time . 
 he did n't want to hang out with her , fine . 
 but that did n't mean she was going to give up her friendships with his bandmates . 
 like jared , these guys were her closest friends in the world . 
 if ryder did n't like it , then that was his problem . 
 leaning forward with an insouciance she was far from feeling , she patted his cheek in a deliberately insolent manner . 
 `` thanks for the rescue . 
 but i think i 've got it from here . '' 
 then , taking her time , she turned and sauntered toward the bedroom at the back of the bus . 
 it was n't much as far as exits went , but then it was n't like she had anywhere to go when the bus was speeding along the interstate at close to seventy miles an hour . 
 behind her the guys razzed him mercilessly and for the first time it really hit her just how difficult the next few weeks were going to be . 
 being in such close proximity to ryder and not being able to touch him , kiss him , stroke him was going to be more torturous than she had ever imagined possible . 
 chapter twelve his dick was on fire . 
 even with worries about wyatt spinning in his head , he could barely think through the arousal . 
 through the need . 
 jamison was in the bunk below him-she 'd refused to take the bedroom and mess up the rotation , and they 'd refused to let her get on the other bus with the rest of the road crew-and he could smell the rich cinnamon-and-honey scent of her . 
 could practically taste the sweetness of her peaches-and-cream skin . 
 muffling a groan , ryder rolled onto his side . 
 punched his pillow . 
 and told himself that he could n't - absolutely could n't - climb down from his bunk and into her bed . 
 he could n't kiss her , could n't lick her to orgasm . 
 could n't f ** k her . 
 goddammit . 
 he grew impossibly harder at the images running through his head , bombarding him until he could n't think , could n't breathe without wanting her . 
 yet , he could n't have her . 
 even if her brother had n't been sleeping directly across from him , he could n't just roll down there and make love to her no matter how much he wanted to . 
 and right now , he really , really wanted to . 
 beneath him , she shifted , the sheets whispering over skin he knew from experience was silky soft . 
 he closed his eyes , ground his teeth together . 
 and did his best not to imagine what it would feel like to be that sheet . 
 draped over her . 
 stroking her . 
 whispering across her every intimate place . 
 double goddammit . 
 throwing his own covers back , he hopped lightly down from the bunk . 
 refusing to so much as glance at jamison-not sure he could withstand the temptation without standing there watching her , touching her when she was unaware like some kind of skeeze-he picked his way through the scattered clothes on the floor and went into the small bathroom they all shared , making sure to close the door behind him . 
 flipping on the light , he studied himself in the mirror once his eyes adjusted . 
 shit . 
 he looked like a crazy man . 
 eyes wild , dick sticking out of his pants , body twitching with a need he had no hope of controlling . 
 he had n't been this riled up-with no hope of relief-since before he 'd lost his virginity when he was fifteen years old . 
 knowing only that he could n't go back out there like this , not if he did n't want to jump jamison right there and to hell with jared and the others , he turned on the shower . 
 stripped down . 
 and climbed in with a curse , determined to let the frigid water do its work . 
 five minutes in , it had barely scratched the surface of his need . 
 how could it when his mind kept wandering back to the night before , when jamison had bit his thumb ? 
 when she 'd arched into him , her actions a blatant plea for him to kiss her beautiful , pale pink n ** ples . 
 when she 'd moved against his thigh , the warm , wet scent of her arousal so f ** king sexy he 'd almost come down his leg like a schoolboy . 
 with a groan , he gave up . 
 turned the water to warm . 
 braced his left arm against the cool tile of the shower wall as he fisted his c * ck with his right . 
 and pretended it was jamison touching him , jamison on her knees before him . 
 jamison with her beautiful br ** sts in his hands and her hot , sexy mouth on his dick . 
 it did n't take long before he was , indeed , coming like a schoolboy , with a muffled shout and an orgasm so powerful it nearly drove him to his knees . 
 and still he was n't satisfied . 
 still he wanted jamison . 
 her touch . 
 her smile . 
 her laugh . 
 her sex . 
 fuck . 
 he groaned , once again fisted his cock . 
 and jerked off a second time before he finally thought he had enough control to go back out there . 
 he did n't think he had a chance in hell of actually sleeping , but maybe now he would n't attack her like a rabid animal . 
 at the moment , it was the best he could hope for . 
 he 'd just pulled his sweats back on when the bus slowed down and veered to the right . 
 grabbing a clean t-shirt from the stash they kept in one of the bathroom cabinets , he headed for the front of the bus , making damn sure to avoid the area where jamison was sleeping with the others . 
 maybe steve was pulling into a truck stop to get gas . 
 he could run out , grab a cup of coffee and a pack of the cigarettes he 'd given up two years before . 
 desperate times called for desperate measures . 
 sure enough , the bus shuddered to a stop under a few bright lights . 
 wyatt groaned from his spot on the couch , pulled a pillow over his head . 
 ryder took mercy on him and yanked the shades down over the blacked-out windows to block the small amount of glare that was leaking through . 
 then slipped his feet into a pair of shoes-he was n't sure whose-grabbed his wallet , and joined steve where he was getting ready to pump gas . 
 `` hey , man , where are we ? '' 
 ryder asked , leaning against the bus . 
 `` artichoke capitol of the world-or at least that 's what the sign we passed a few miles back said . 
 we 're about three hours from san francisco . '' 
 ryder looked beyond the lights , out into the fields of crops that blanketed the area as far as he could see . 
 `` artichokes ? '' 
 he asked , nodding to the big , leafy plants that looked more like weeds than a food source . 
 `` that 's what they say . '' 
 steve started pumping the gas . 
 for long minutes , neither of them said anything more , until he turned to him . 
 `` so , you going to tell me what you 're doing out here so early , man ? '' 
 a million answers ran through his head , but he left it at , he looked across the parking lot , at the brightly lit grocery store that was the only thing open at this hour . 
 `` i 'm going to get a cup of coffee . 
 you want anything ? '' 
 steve smirked , but did n't call him on his bullshit . 
 `` coffee sounds good . '' 
 he was at the checkout , paying , when jamison walked in . 
 she was dressed in jeans and a black hoodie , all her glorious red hair somehow bundled under the sweatshirt 's hood . 
 not exactly her sexiest look , but still , one glimpse of her had his dick hardening and every nerve ending in his body standing at attention . 
 cursing his unruly libido under his breath , he crossed to her . 
 held out one of the cups . 
 `` want some coffee ? '' 
 `` no , thanks . '' 
 she avoided his eyes as she spoke , which made him nuts considering the dreams he 'd just been having about her . 
 `` then we should head back to the bus . '' 
 he stepped too close , deliberately crowding her in an effort to get a rise out of her . 
 it was knee-jerk , and a total a ** hole move considering he had no right to pursue anything with her . 
 but right now , he did n't give a shit . 
 she looked soft and cuddly and half-asleep and he wanted nothing more than to convince her to climb back into bed-this time with him . 
 `` actually , i talked steve into an extra half hour here . '' 
 she nodded toward the highway , still making sure not to look him in the face . 
 `` i 'm supposed to be cooking for you guys . 
 and since all i found in the fridge last night was beer and orange juice , i 'm thinking that might be a problem if i do n't get to a store soon . '' 
 to be honest , he was n't sure how he felt about her cooking for them as a job . 
 it smacked of inequality , something he definitely did n't want her to feel around him and the other guys . 
 he did n't know what he wanted to be to jamison , but he knew he sure as hell did n't want to be her employer . 
 `` i 'm not here for a free ride . '' 
 she looked at him then , those damn purple eyes of hers so much darker and more shadowed than they had been even yesterday . 
 he hated it , almost as much as he hated the knowledge that he was responsible for at least some of those shadows . 
 not to mention the pain she was trying so hard to hide . 
 impatience burned in him . 
 `` no one would care if you were , jamison . 
 you earned your spot with the band years ago . '' 
 he still remembered how she 'd spent hours , days , posting flyers on every lamppost in town , not to mention bullying everyone she knew into attending their early gigs . 
 her eyes called him a liar even as she said , `` yeah , but being the band mascot does n't exactly take a lot of time . '' 
 `` what the hell does that mean ? '' 
 `` do n't worry about it , ryder . '' 
 he was worried about it and started to tell her so , but she turned and started toward the baskets before he could get the words out . 
 band mascot ? 
 that really was n't how she saw herself , was it ? 
 anger boiled up inside of him at the thought , but ryder bit it back . 
 swallowed it down . 
 after all , it was n't jamison 's fault he 'd been acting like an ass for the past twenty-four hours . 
 no , that was squarely on him . 
 he was the one who 'd messed with their friendship , who had sent her so many mixed messages it was no wonder she was so confused . 
 and he was the one who was going to have to fix it . 
 he and jamison were going to be living together-in very close quarters-for the next seven weeks . 
 if he had any hopes of making it through with his sanity-and his cock-intact , he needed to get the hell over this crazy attraction he had for her . 
 needed to get their relationship back on an even keel so things could go back to normal . 
 anything else did n't bear thinking about . 
 jamison was one of his closest friends , had been for years . 
 she was one of the few people he let see who he really was , one of the even fewer who he trusted not to screw him over . 
 there was no way he was going to jeopardize that just because he suddenly could n't look at her without wanting to make her come . 
 since just the thought of bringing jamison to orgasm made him rock hard , ryder shoved that shit down deep . 
 locked it up with all the other crap he would n't let himself think about then climbed the bus steps two at a time . 
 if jamison wanted to go grocery shopping , he 'd take her grocery shopping-and steve would just have to wait until she was happy , schedule or no schedule . 
 it 'd be a good chance for him to smooth things over between them , get everything back to normal . 
 back to the easy friendship they 'd had for so long . 
 because no matter how much he wanted her , the last thing jamison needed was to get stuck with him and all his f ** ked-up baggage . 
 he would n't ask that shit of anyone , let alone a woman as sweet and innocent and deep down beautiful as she was . 
 ... jamison was surprised-and not pleasantly-when ryder grabbed a basket from the front of the store and pushed it through the automatic doors like he did it every day . 
 like it had n't been months-maybe more than a year-since he 'd last set foot inside a supermarket . 
 the other guys were still snoring in the bunks , exhausted from the show and their late night , and she 'd half-expected ryder to crawl back into bed himself . 
 what she had n't expected was for him to walk through a public place so nonchalantly , with not even a baseball cap or sunglasses in place to keep him from being recognized . 
 admittedly it was barely dawn and they were in one of the smallest towns in california , but still . 
 rock stars had shown up in stranger places than this . 
 he did n't seem aware of her disquiet , though , as he asked , `` where do you want to start ? '' 
 `` the produce department . '' 
 her voice came out a lot huskier than normal , and she cleared her throat a couple times to try to get rid of the tear-induced lump in the middle of it . 
 the last thing she wanted him to know was how uncomfortable it made her to have him tagging along with her . 
 or how much it still hurt that he did n't want her on tour with the band . 
 that he did n't want her . 
 `` you guys need to eat something besides pizza every once in a while . '' 
 `` hey , if you do it right , pizza has all four of the major food groups . '' 
 `` yeah , but how often do you actually do it right ? '' 
 as soon as the words left her mouth , she longed to take them back . 
 all she 'd meant was that ryder and the others were much more likely to smother their pizzas in pepperoni and sausage than they were to put vegetables on them . 
 but that was n't how it had sounded , even to her . 
 and judging from the wicked smile ryder was currently wearing , the king of the double entendre had definitely caught the secondary meaning she so had n't intended . 
 before he could reply , she slapped a hand over his mouth . 
 `` do n't say it , '' she warned . 
 he just shook his head , as he protested his innocence with raised hands and wide eyes until she began to doubt her instincts . 
 but just as she went to move her hand away from his mouth , he ran his tongue straight down the center of her palm in a long , decadent lick that had any thought of his innocence-or anything else , for that matter-spinning right out of her mind . 
 not that she had any intention of letting him know how he affected her . 
 `` nice , '' she told him , making a deliberate show of wiping her hand on her jeans in disgust . 
 but when he just stood there , grinning at her , she risked a quick glance down at the front of her hoodie , wanting to make sure the fabric was thick enough to hide her suddenly peaked n ** ples . 
 it was , but deciding she could n't be too careful , she put a few extra feet of space between them . 
 then , tossing him a careless smile she was far from feeling , she picked up a large bag of potatoes and slung it into the basket . 
 she also grabbed some garlic , onions , ginger , and a variety of herbs she liked to cook with , depositing them in the cart ryder rolled alongside her . 
 `` so , any special requests ? '' 
 she asked as she added corn on the cob for jared , fresh green beans for wyatt , and a couple bunches of asparagus for quinn before reaching for a few plump eggplants for jared-eggplant parmesan was one of his favorite dishes-and a bunch of salad stuff for herself . 
 vegetables done , she cruised over to the fruit section , where she loaded the cart with all kinds of different berries for ryder , along with apples , oranges , and pears . 
 `` peaches , '' he said after a minute . 
 he reached for one of the plastic produce bags and began filling it with the sweet , plump fruit . 
 `` i 've been craving peaches for the last day and a half . '' 
 she had no idea why the thought of peaches left her breathless all of a sudden , but it did . 
 maybe it was watching the way ryder handled the fruit , his long , calloused fingers gently squeezing each one as he searched for bruises and imperfections . 
 or maybe it was the way he looked at them , like they were something else entirely . 
 whatever it was , it was hot . 
 dragging her eyes away from his way-too-talented hands , jamison unzipped her hoodie and tied it around her waist . 
 was it just her or was it getting warm in here ? 
 `` anything else ? '' 
 she asked after clearing her throat for what felt like the millionth time . 
 `` quinn will want twinkies . '' 
 she gagged . 
 `` that 's so not going to happen . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i 'm just saying . 
 the man likes his snack cakes . '' 
 `` well , he 'll have to learn to like my snack cakes instead . '' 
 ryder arched a brow and she blushed all over again . 
 seriously ? 
 who knew food shopping could be so fraught with sexual connotation ? 
 `` that 's not going to happen , '' he finally said after a minute . '' 
 she nodded jerkily , refusing to go there with him . 
 `` we should probably hurry up . 
 portland 's still a long way off and steve only gave me half an hour to shop . '' 
 ryder shrugged . 
 `` he 'll wait . '' 
 she wondered what that felt like-that bone deep assurance that you were important enough to wait for . 
 not that ryder was rude about it . 
 he was n't , usually , and neither were jared or the others . 
 but still , they 'd changed through the years-not a lot at any given time , but little bit by little bit . 
 their confidence , always something to be reckoned with , was huge now , as was their sense of entitlement . 
 she would n't call it ego , exactly , but the guys had all grown into their fame through the last couple of years . 
 had come to take it-and their place in the world-for granted in a way they had n't before . 
 in a way it still surprised , and unsettled , her to see . 
 then again , it took a special kind of person-and a special kind of talent-to stand up in front of thousands of screaming fans every night and deliver the experience of a lifetime . 
 over and over and over again . 
 there was nothing wrong with the members of shaken dirty being proud that they could do that . 
 and that people wanted them to . 
 just because it still felt strange to her did n't mean it was n't as natural as breathing to them . 
 `` hey , what are you thinking about ? '' 
 ryder paused the shopping cart by the bakery section , studied her carefully . 
 she almost blew him off . 
 but then thought , what the hell ? 
 he 'd asked , after all . 
 `` how much everything has changed in the last few years . '' 
 `` has it ? '' 
 was he messing with her ? 
 `` do n't you think so ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 picked up a couple loaves of french bread and placed them in the basket . 
 `` it feels like we 've been on tour forever . 
 now we just play bigger venues with more fans . '' 
 `` you 're the headliners now instead of just the opening band . '' 
 `` i get to sing . 
 get to play my music in front of people . 
 beyond that , the logistics do n't really matter . '' 
 oh , but they did . 
 she gestured to the cart . 
 `` there used to be a time you could n't walk into a grocery store and afford whatever you wanted . '' 
 `` true . '' 
 he added an extra large pack of cinnamon rolls and a peach pie . 
 `` but i do n't think fresh fruit and vegetables are really that big of a splurge , are they ? '' 
 `` what is it with you and peaches today ? '' 
 she put the peach pie back , then headed for the juice and candy aisle . 
 `` if you want a pie , i 'll make one for you . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` i did n't want to assume . '' 
 `` i 'm the cook . 
 it 's pretty much my job to make you whatever you want to eat . '' 
 he scowled . 
 `` i wish you 'd stop calling yourself that . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked , mystified . 
 `` you 're not the cook ! '' 
 he stepped closer , reached for her . 
 and pulled her body into the shelter of his . 
 `` you 're jamison ! 
 just ... jamison . '' 
 at first she forced herself to stay rigid , to stop her muscles from their natural inclination to curve themselves against him . 
 but when he rested his chin on the top of her head and squeezed her tight , jamison could n't keep up the distance . 
 despite her very best intentions , she found herself going soft against him . 
 `` there you are , '' he murmured , stroking an errant curl behind her ear . 
 `` i missed you . '' 
 `` i 've been right here . '' 
 `` no . 
 i was an ass and i chased you away . 
 i promise , i wo n't do that again . '' 
 `` you did n't want me here . 
 that 's your choice . 
 i understand . '' 
 she started to pull back . 
 his arms tightened around her . 
 `` no , you do n't . '' 
 he reached over to the jelly belly display , snagged a bag of the root beer jellybeans that had gotten her her nickname so many years ago . 
 handed them to her with a grin that made her go all soft inside at the realization that he remembered that day . 
 she 'd been fourteen , and completely jealous that ryder had planned a band trip out to the lake with a bunch of older girls and flat out refused to take her along . 
 to get him back , she 'd filled the van with the only jelly belly flavor he truly hated-root beer . 
 it had cost her close to fifty dollars but had been totally worth it to see his face as the brown beans poured out in all directions . 
 jared told her it had taken them months to get the smell out of the van-which had only made her victory sweeter . 
 `` i always want you around , jelly bean . '' 
 `` then why - '' she cut herself off before she could ask the question that had haunted her since she 'd stormed out of his hotel room the morning before . 
 `` because i did n't want anything to change . 
 you 're one of my best friends . 
 i do n't want to lose that and i was afraid if you came on tour with us i 'd f ** k everything up like i always do . '' 
 at his words , she felt the last of her anger melt away . 
 even though ryder was n't offering her what she wanted-what she 'd always wanted when it came to him-he was giving her the biggest part of himself he could . 
 rejecting it because it was n't enough would mean rejecting him . 
 and that she could n't do , not when she knew how much it took for him to open up even this much . 
 not when she knew just how afraid he was of messing up the few things in his life that he could n't help caring about . 
 that she was one of those things ... it might not be enough , but in a lot of ways , it was more than she ever could have hoped for . 
 squeezing him just as tightly as he had squeezed her , she dropped a kiss on ryder 's heavily stubbled jaw . 
 and forced herself to let go-once and for all-of all the silly schoolgirl fantasies she 'd harbored for him through the years . 
 `` come on , '' she told him , pulling gently away when the pain of touching him became too much for her to handle . 
 `` first one to find the pancake mix wins . '' 
 `` wins what ? '' 
 he demanded , eyes narrowed in sudden interest . 
 `` you 'll have to win to find out ! '' 
 and then she took off running toward the center of the store , the sound of his laughter ringing out behind her . 
 chapter thirteen five days later , jamison dished up yet another batch of blueberry pancakes while the band , along with steve and their equipment manager , vince , jockeyed for third , or in some cases , fourth servings . 
 even wyatt was eating with enthusiasm , something she did n't see very often if dessert was n't involved . 
 then again , he had enough syrup and whipped cream on his pancakes to send himself into serious sugar shock . 
 `` do you have more ? '' 
 quinn asked , a hopeful look on his face as he once again handed the platter back to her . 
 she looked at the empty bowl beside the stove and let out a little sigh . 
 `` i guess i can whip up some more batter if you 'd like . '' 
 `` that 'd be great . '' 
 he gave her his sweet smile , the one that had been getting him pretty much everything he wanted for as long as she 'd known him . 
 `` with extra blueberries ? '' 
 `` of course with extra blueberries . '' 
 she turned back to the stove , feeling more like a preschool teacher with an unruly class than the cook for a bunch of grown men . 
 then again , rock musicians were n't exactly known for their emotional maturity . 
 even jared , who was by far the best of the bunch , could revert to childhood without too much effort . 
 `` i do n't mind making extra pancakes , '' she said as she mixed up another batch of batter , `` but do n't you guys have to be on stage soon ? '' 
 `` twenty-five minutes , '' ryder grunted as he shoveled in the last of his breakfast . 
 `` we go on at ten . '' 
 jamison shook her head as she flipped the first pancakes . 
 she 'd been on the road with shaken dirty for six days now and she still had a hard time dealing with the schedule they kept . 
 the hardest part was that they had their days and nights all turned around-hence the reason they were eating pancakes at nine thirty at night . 
 most days , they 'd roll out of bed around six in the evening , hang out , eat , perform and then spend the night and morning doing whatever it is they did before falling into bed around eleven a.m. before doing the same thing all over again the following evening . 
 the only days that varied were ones where they played at strange times-like mid-afternoon at that music fest in portland-or when they were n't performing at all . 
 but so far , they 'd only had one day off since she 'd hit the road with them . 
 the organizers had jam-packed this tour with stops , and at each one they played to a capacity crowd . 
 tonight , they were performing in denver , colorado . 
 last night , it had been salt lake city , utah . 
 tomorrow would kick off a three-night run in las vegas and after that she did n't know where they were going to be . 
 maybe new orleans , followed by orlando ? 
 but she thought there might be a few texas dates mixed somewhere in there as well . 
 which was a good thing , as jared was dying to see his girl . 
 though the whole band called austin home , very rarely did they get to spend much time there . 
 not that it really mattered to jamison where they went . 
 after all , her job was the same . 
 cook breakfast , then either hang out or watch the band perform . 
 cook lunch and try to ignore the groupies and over-the-top fans . 
 and the guys wondered why she was okay with her bunk , why she did n't want to take her turn in the back bedroom ? 
 god only knew what she 'd catch if she actually spent a night in those sheets . 
 despite all the action they saw , she was fairly certain they had n't been changed once in the time she 'd been traveling with the guys . 
 she would do it , but again , she 'd have to touch them and she 'd left her gloves and industrial strength cleaner at home ... the only two who did n't seem to be getting any action back there were jared and ryder . 
 jared because he had a fiancee in houston and ryder because ... well , to be honest , she was n't sure why ryder had n't hooked up with any groupies in the last few days . 
 based on what she 'd overheard back in san diego , and what she knew of him , she had trouble imagining he spent much time abstaining . 
 which meant he was either taking care of things on the other bus-the one the roadies and equipment manager rode on-or she was cramping his style . 
 and while she knew it was masochistic and wrong on so very many levels , especially when she 'd sworn to herself that she 'd stopped waiting around on ryder to want her , still jamison could n't help hoping it was the latter . 
 that ryder , for whatever reason , had given up on groupies for the duration . 
 it was probably a vain hope , but it was one she clung to anyway . 
 ten minutes later , the guys pushed back from the table as one . 
 `` thanks , sis , '' jared said , dropping his plate in the sink and a kiss on her cheek . 
 `` break a leg , tonight ! '' 
 `` we 'll try . '' 
 wyatt gave her a hug , which she returned with interest . 
 she tried not to dwell on how skinny he 'd become , but it was hard . 
 especially when she was pretty sure he was using regularly again . 
 oh , he had n't gotten high in front of her or the guys since her first night on the bus-at least not that she could tell , and she was watching-but still , there was something off about him . 
 something that told her his past was riding him a lot harder than usual . 
 ryder was the last to drop his plate in the sink . 
 she went to move out of his space-the only way being on the bus with him worked for her was if she made sure not to touch him-but this time he was having none of her usual evasive maneuvers . 
 instead , he caged her against the counter , an arm on either side of her and his big , sexy body in front of her . 
 he was n't breaking the unvoiced rules , was n't touching her , but the point was moot . 
 she was surrounded by the wild ocean scent of him , by the crazy intense warmth he gave off without trying . 
 `` you coming to watch us tonight ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i-uh-i do n't know . 
 the dishes - '' `` forget the dishes . '' 
 he reached for her face , gently squeezed her chin between his thumb and forefinger until she moved her head in an effort to get away from his grip . 
 it did n't work , but it did help him get what he wanted . 
 with her neck tilted the way it was , it was impossible to look anywhere but in his eyes . 
 `` you have n't listened to us once since your first day on tour . '' 
 that was n't true . 
 she 'd been to most of their concerts . 
 she just did n't stay very long-and made sure to keep out of sight when she was there . 
 because watching ryder onstage turned her on like few things ever had . 
 he was so raw , so primal , so sexual when he sang that all she could think about was going down on him . 
 or having him inside her . 
 or - she cut herself off before she could go any further down that path . 
 dwelling on what she could n't have only made things worse for her , not to mention ruined the whole just-friends vibe they were both striving for . 
 `` i 've been busy . 
 trying out recipes , writing ... '' `` writing , huh ? 
 how 's the cookbook going ? '' 
 `` i think it 's going well . 
 at least none of you have complained about the recipes i 've come up with . '' 
 `` what 's to complain about ? 
 your food is amazing . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` and since it 's going so well , you can take the night off and not feel guilty . '' 
 feeling vulnerable , exposed , she searched for another excuse . 
 but there was none , not when he leaned down and whispered , `` i need you there , jamison . 
 i like knowing you 're watching . '' 
 `` hey , ryder ! 
 you coming , man ? '' 
 before she could respond , quinn 's voice drifted through the bus 's still open door . 
 `` go ahead , '' he shouted back without ever taking his eyes from hers . 
 `` i 'll catch up with you . '' 
 `` you should go . '' 
 she tried to duck under his arm , but he refused to let her . 
 `` not 'til you say you 'll come . '' 
 `` why does this matter so much to you ? '' 
 `` because i miss you . '' 
 the words seemed yanked from him against his will . 
 `` i 'm right here , '' she said , shoving harder at him . 
 `` no . 
 you 're not . 
 that 's the problem . '' 
 but he finally got the hint and moved away from her . 
 he smiled , but it was one of his stage smiles . 
 the kind he gave the fans no matter how shitty he was feeling , but that never quite reached his eyes . 
 `` hey , ryder . '' 
 this time she was the one trying to make eye contact and he was the one avoiding it . 
 only she was n't big or strong or tough enough to make him look at her-not physically and certainly not emotionally . 
 which was why when he stepped toward the door , she did n't try to stop him . 
 did n't do anything but watch him go . 
 `` do n't worry about it , '' he tossed over his shoulder . 
 `` i guess i 'll see you later . '' 
 `` yeah , later . '' 
 he gave her a casual little half wave as he took the stairs in one giant step and then headed into the night , the door slapping closed behind him . 
 if only she could slap her own emotions closed half as easily . 
 part of her was angry , really angry , that he 'd used all that brooding sex appeal against her . 
 especially since he was the one who 'd backed away from that aspect of their relationship , the one who did n't want her despite the crazy sparks they struck off each other . 
 but another part of her was worried . 
 he 'd looked so lost when he 'd walked into the night , so much like the boy she used to know instead of the tough , do n't - give-a-shit rocker he 'd forged himself into through the years . 
 it was stupid-she knew it was stupid-but she felt herself falling for it all over again . 
 not for him . 
 she 'd learned her lesson on that front . 
 but just because she 'd made up her mind not to think about ryder anymore-or , more accurately , had her mind made up for her-didn ' t mean she 'd stopped caring for him . 
 she could n't , no matter how much she sometimes wished it might be otherwise . 
 there was too much history between them . 
 too many feelings , especially on her side . 
 which meant , she realized with a sigh of disgust , that she was going to break her own rules . 
 she was going to try to figure out what was up with ryder , what was hurting him . 
 and the best way to do that was to do what he asked-to go see shaken dirty play and let him see her there . 
 maybe then he 'd open up to her again , let her see inside of him . 
 and if he did n't ? 
 a little voice inside of her asked . 
 well , if he did n't , at least she 'd tried . 
 maybe knowing that would be enough ... for both of them . 
 ... he could feel her watching him . 
 there were twenty-three thousand people crammed into the amphitheater in front of him , all of them staring at him-focused on him-and still he could feel jamison 's eyes on him . 
 he had n't expected her to come , not after the way she 'd shot him down earlier , but he was grateful that she 'd changed her mind . 
 he 'd thought that early morning trip to the grocery store would clear the air between them , would get them back on an even-keel . 
 and maybe it had , since she was no longer looking at him with that undisguised longing in her eyes . 
 no longer staring at him like she was imagining him nak * d and inside her . 
 he 'd thought that was what he wanted . 
 for things to go back to normal between them-jared 's best friend and jared 's little sister , just hanging out , having fun . 
 but it turned out he was a sick son of a bitch , because now that things were the way he 'd been sure he wanted them , he could n't stand it . 
 all he could think about was the way jamison smelled and tasted and felt . 
 the way she 'd melted when he touched her , and run like warm , sweet honey on his fingers . 
 he wanted to taste that honey , to feel it on his lips , his tongue , running down his throat . 
 he wanted her , was one step away from saying to hell with jared , their pasts and their futures , and just taking what he wanted . 
 what he needed . 
 `` careless '' drew to an end to loud screams and catcalls . 
 bras and panties-and even a few t-shirts-pelted the stage . 
 he dodged a bright red lacey number only to get beaned right in the face with a hot pink and white polka dotted bra . 
 the crowd roared . 
 knowing they expected it , he hammed it up . 
 peeled the bra off his face and sniffed it with a totally lascivious look on his face . 
 it smelled good-like vanilla and sugar-but it did nothing for him anymore . 
 he much preferred jamison 's honeyed peach scent . 
 he could n't help wondering what kind of bra she was wearing tonight , even as he called out , `` mmmm , delicious . 
 the owner of this can definitely pick it up in my dressing room after the show . '' 
 choruses of `` i love you , ryder ! '' 
 rose up from the audience . 
 he grinned at them , got them to make some noise . 
 even played along when micah slipped the bra out of his hand and hung it around the neck of his bass . 
 `` actually , '' he told the already hyped-up audience , `` i think this bra-and its owner-is all mine tonight . 
 i 've got a thing for hot pink . '' 
 more laughter and catcalls . 
 ryder went with it , giving micah shit and the crowd a show they would n't soon forget . 
 bantering back and forth with jared , quinn , even wyatt until the crowd was at a fever pitch . 
 all the while he was conscious of jamison 's gaze on him . 
 he did n't know where she was-only that she was n't backstage-but he knew she was watching . 
 the hardness in his dick told him that , as did the fact that he felt seconds away from jumping out of his own skin . 
 every second of feeling her eyes was an agony , every moment of not touching excruciating . 
 if he did n't calm down he was going to come right here in the middle of the stage-and that was an experience he would really rather do without . 
 but six days of no sex-pretty much the longest he 'd gone since he was a teenager-following those very sexy moments with jamison in his hotel room , had him riding the razor-sharp edge of sexual need and frustration . 
 and when he crouched down near the front of the stage , reaching out a hand so some of his fans could grab or high five or just touch him , that need tipped over into insanity . 
 because jamison was there , pressed up against the stage . 
 she was watching him with those crazy purple eyes of hers , her skin flushed a lickable pink and her full lips slicked with raspberry gloss the same color as the gorgeous little n ** ples he 'd gotten a glimpse of in that san diego hotel room . 
 guys were all around her , touching her , bumping into her as they tried to get to him , looking at her because he was . 
 and because she was so damn , heartbreakingly beautiful . 
 he wanted to pull her up on stage with him , to bite her , mark her , take her right there in front of jared and everyone so that the whole world knew that she was his . 
 that she belonged to him and he was n't going to let anyone take her away . 
 the possessive nature of his thoughts confused him , as did the jealousy whipping through his blood . 
 he never got like this over a woman , never felt this driving need to warn off every other male in a hundred mile radius . 
 yet crouching there , looking at jamison , the need to do just that was a pounding in his head , a throbbing in his blood . 
 leaning forward , over a whole group of screaming , jostling fans , he kept his eyes locked with hers as he touched his fingers to her cheek . 
 she shuddered , and so did he as the tension between them coiled ever more tightly . 
 her hand came up , rested over his and for a second , two , they were the only people in the place . 
 but then wyatt lay down the beat for `` find me , '' while vince carried ryder 's favorite guitar across the stage . 
 at the same time , the girl next to jamison jostled her out of position and grabbed for him . 
 the moment shattered . 
 jamison jerked her eyes from his , then stepped back out of range . 
 and he was left onstage , with a hard-on to suffer through and a concert to finish . 
 but the second their set was done , he all but threw his guitar at vince and took off for one of the amphitheater 's back doors . 
 if he knew jamison , she was already on her way back to the bus and he was determined to catch her . 
 to hell with his fans . 
 to hell with jared . 
 to hell with everyone and everything that was n't her . 
 tonight he was taking jamison . 
 consequences be damned . 
 chapter fourteen he found her in the back parking lot among the equipment trucks . 
 she was halfway to the bus and moving fast , but he did n't have the patience to wait for her to cover the last couple thousand of feet . 
 instead he caught her from behind , one hand thrusting into her hair and pulling her head back as the other wrapped around her waist . 
 `` do n't be afraid , '' he growled as he yanked her against him . 
 after all , he wanted to make her come , not scare her to death . 
 `` it 's me . '' 
 the startled scream died in her throat and she turned her head so that her face was inches from his . 
 `` ryder ? 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he countered , turning her so that her br ** sts pressed against his chest . 
 he 'd tossed his shirt away during the encore , so that the only thing between them was the thin fabric of her bra and tank top . 
 `` why were you running back to the bus ? '' 
 `` i wanted - '' she broke off as his lips skimmed over her cheek . 
 `` i thought - '' `` what ? '' 
 he whispered , dropping kisses along her jawline . 
 `` hungry . 
 i thought you 'd be hun - '' `` i am . 
 starving . '' 
 just not for food . 
 he did n't know where this need had come from , if it had always been there just under the surface or if it had simply roared to life that night in san diego . 
 either way , he was done fighting it . 
 he wanted her and he would have her . 
 now . 
 he moved forward , moved her backward , until she was pressed up against the side of one of the trailers . 
 for long seconds he did n't do anything else , just stood there savoring the feel of all those lush curves of hers resting so gloriously against him . 
 he wanted to touch her , to wrap himself up in her softness until his senses were glutted with her . 
 overloaded . 
 but he was trembling like a kid , his need making it impossible to think , to breathe . 
 to plan . 
 he wanted all of her at the same time , needed to kiss and touch and f ** k her until he was nearly insane with it . 
 control , he told himself as he pressed kisses over her throat . 
 it 's all about control . 
 but then she gasped , arched , and his very last remnants of control shattered like glass . 
 his hands went to the collar of her shirt and he yanked it apart , took a primitive kind of satisfaction in the way the buttons flew in all directions-baring her to his desperate gaze . 
 she was beautiful , her full br ** sts pressed up against violet silk the same color as her eyes . 
 it was dark , but they were n't that far from one of the huge parking lot light poles and he could see her n ** ples through the lace . 
 he reached out , ran a finger over one hard peak . 
 reveled in her gasp and the need that vibrated so violently between them . 
 `` ryder , '' she gasped , her hands clutching at his shoulders , tangling in his hair . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 she arched into his touch even as she asked the words that should slow him down . 
 but he was done with going slow , done with denying himself when everything he wanted was right here in front of him . 
 the future could take care of itself . 
 right now she was hot and trembling , as desperate for him as he was for her , and he was n't walking away . 
 not this time . 
 he did n't answer her , at least not with words . 
 instead he grabbed her wrists , raised them above her head . 
 then he leaned down and captured her mouth with his own , using lips and tongue and teeth to claim her in a way she would n't soon forget . 
 a way he could n't forget . 
 but , god , she tasted good . 
 spicy and sweet and delicious , like warm honey and cinnamon drizzled over summer ripe peaches and cream . 
 he sucked at her lower lip , reveled in the gasp she could n't stop and the way her wrists jerked against his hold . 
 his c * ck screamed for relief at the movement , but he shoved the need down as far as he could manage . 
 he 'd waited too long for this to rush it . 
 besides , he wanted so much more than to just get himself off . 
 this , tonight , was about jamison . 
 he wanted to arouse her to fever pitch , to drench her in so much pleasure she could n't think , could n't breathe , could n't do anything but feel . 
 and , he admitted as he pulled her lower lip into his mouth and laved it with his tongue in an effort to stop the ache , he wanted to control her . 
 to drive her beyond reason , beyond boundaries , beyond sanity until she wanted him like he wanted her . 
 until she needed him like she needed her next breath ... the way he was finding that he needed her . 
 he nibbled at her lip again , and she went wild , her lush , strong body bucking against him . 
 once again , her wrists jerked against his grip , but he was n't ready to let her go yet . 
 could n't let her go . 
 one touch from her slender , capable fingers and he would go up in flames . 
 so he kept her pinned against the trailer , using his hand and chest and hips . 
 made sure that every part of her body was covered by a part of his . 
 and then he devoured her . 
 `` ryder , '' she gasped , her head rolling back and forth against the metal wall of the trailer . 
 `` hurry up . 
 please . 
 i 'm going crazy - '' her breath broke on a half-sigh , half-sob . 
 `` i like you crazy , '' he answered , then took advantage of her parted lips to thrust his tongue inside . 
 she was like silk . 
 like velvet . 
 softer than he imagined . 
 hotter than he 'd ever dreamed . 
 she moaned , and he tried to gentle himself , to give her the tenderness she deserved . 
 but then she sucked his tongue deeper into her mouth , and he was lost . 
 need exploded deep inside him , sharp and terrible and all-consuming . 
 it raked its talons down his spine , thrust its heat deep inside of him until all he could think of was taking her , f ** king her . 
 branding her . 
 for a second , just a second , he tried to pull back . 
 to think . 
 jamison was n't a groupie , was n't some throwaway girl whose face he would n't remember in the morning . 
 no matter how desperate he was for her , she deserved more than a quick f ** k in a parking lot . 
 he looked around , saw the equipment trailer he knew would n't get any use until load-out-which would n't be for another hour or so . 
 picking her up , he used the hydraulic lift to carry them up to the trailer . 
 then he shoved open the unlocked cargo door and brought her inside . 
 it was n't the most romantic place , but it was better than the parking lot . 
 better than a crowded bus . 
 he started to apologize for the accomodations , but t she clutched at him , her nails digging into his scalp in little pinpricks that mixed pain and desire , control and overwhelming need . 
 and then she nipped at him the way he had at her , her teeth closing on his lower lip in a sharp demand he was helpless to resist . 
 lust exploded through him and he tightened his hold on her wrists , knocked her head into the inside wall of he trailer in his desperation to get at her . 
 he started to apologize , to ease off , but she twined herself around him and the last rational thought he had was buried under an onslaught of want . 
 burying his other hand in her crazy , wild curls , he tilted her head back and feasted . 
 and when she sucked his lip between hers , he opened to her , nearly fell to his knees when she thrust her tongue into his mouth to explore him as he had her . 
 he took her wild exploration as long as he could-reveling in the fact that her need seemed as sharp as his own-but it seemed like mere moments before he was at breaking point . 
 tearing his mouth from her own , he ignored her pleading little moan and the desperate clutching of her fingers at his back . 
 instead , he pressed kisses down her jaw to the graceful curve of her neck , before moving on to the sharp angles of her collarbone . 
 she felt soft and sweet and delicate in his arms , and for a second-just a second-he was overwhelmed by the need to take care of her . 
 to protect her from everything , especially the shit that lived inside of him . 
 the darkness that had him f ** king up everything that ever mattered to him . 
 he almost pulled away . 
 almost gave up this dangerous , decadent pleasure that felt as necessary to him as breathing . 
 but then she gasped out a plea , a brazen , broken demand that grabbed onto him with feral claws and yanked him back under . 
 and he knew-god help him , he knew-that not even the threat of destroying jamison as he had carrie could make him stop . 
 using his free hand , he reached behind her and freed the back clasp of her bra . 
 then he let go of her wrists just long enough to rip the thing off . 
 he had to taste her , had to feel her lush , gorgeous n ** ples in his mouth , had to devour her before he imploded . 
 sinking to his knees in front of her , he relished the feel of her hands digging deep into his hair , enjoyed the sharp tug on his scalp . 
 the little pinches of pain that only made the pleasure sweeter . 
 then he forgot everything but the ecstasy of her body as he buried his face in her br ** sts in what was very close to a frenzy . 
 he reached for control , but it eluded him , slipping through his fingers like so much magic . 
 reached for patience , for delicacy , but he had none . 
 not now , not this time . 
 instead , he latched on to her nipple and sucked it hard into his mouth . 
 jamison whimpered , her fingers flexing convulsively in his hair . 
 for a moment he feared he 'd been too rough , that he 'd crossed the thin line between pleasure and pain that he so liked to flirt with . 
 but her h * ps were moving , shifting , pumping restlessly against him and he knew she was with him all the way . 
 he bit down softly on her nipple , prepared to take her deeper into the maelstrom of desire that had them in its grip . 
 but when she moaned and clutched at him , he was the one who went under . 
 ... jamison gasped , trembled , tried to press herself even closer to ryder . 
 he was killing her with his patience , killing her with his ability to hold off his own need so that he could stoke hers . 
 she wanted him , needed him , was on the brink of ripping his clothes off and forcing him to f ** k her and he was acting like he had all the time in the world . 
 but , god , he felt good against her , so good that she was going to lose it completely if he did n't do something soon . 
 he 'd barely touched her and already she was trembling on the brink of orgasm , ready to fly over the edge at the slightest provocation . 
 she tried to fight it , tried to hang on . 
 she 'd waited so long for this moment , had dreamed for so many years about what it would be like to hold ryder , to kiss him , to f ** k him , that she wanted to make it last forever . 
 especially since there was no guarantee this would ever happen again . 
 though she did n't tell him-would never tell him of her desperate , shadowy thoughts-ryder seemed to understand her need to draw this out . 
 or maybe this was just the kind of lover he was , slow and thorough and determined to draw every last ounce of response out of her . 
 whatever it was driving him , she was grateful . 
 and determined to enjoy the ride . 
 but then ryder bent to her breast , nipped at her areola , and her body wigged out , a scream of frustrated need welling up inside of her . 
 the only thing that kept her quiet was the knowledge that he would finish things-finish her-if he realized just how torturous his attentions were becoming for her . 
 but when he bit her again , then carefully laved the sting until only the memory of it remained , she lost the fight . 
 no man should be so tender and so controlling , so selfless and so domineering all at the same time . 
 how could she resist him ? 
 how could she keep herself from falling even more deeply under his spell ? 
 she could n't . 
 the thought tore at her even as she clutched his head to her breast , relishing the soft , sweet brushes of his tongue and lips . 
 `` ryder , '' she whimpered as he nibbled his way across the vulnerable underside of her breast . 
 `` please . 
 i need you . '' 
 `` oh , baby , '' he murmured as he moved to her other breast . 
 `` i 'm just getting started . '' 
 `` please , '' she gasped again , her fingers clutching at his shoulders as she sobbed out his name . 
 her body was n't hers to command anymore , her voice and thoughts and movements taken over entirely by his mouth , his touch . 
 by him and his indomitable will . 
 ryder shifted , once again catching her wrists in his big , talented hands . 
 then he pulled them forward , clasping them in front of her body with one hand . 
 `` what are you - '' her voice was husky with desire . 
 `` look . '' 
 his voice was deep and gravelly , nearly unfamiliar in his desire for her . 
 she felt a sharp rush at the thought that she had done this to him , that she had driven this beautiful , talented , amazing man so crazy with lust that he could barely speak . 
 then she followed his gaze , was transfixed-much as he was-by what she saw in the dim lights that ran along the trailer roof . . 
 he 'd captured her wrists in such a way that her arms framed her br ** sts , plumping the already full mounds up and out for his pleasure . 
 for her pleasure too , because already she could feel the increase of blood flow to the constricted area . 
 but he was n't done , the hand on her wrists tightening so that her arms squeezed her br ** sts even more tightly . 
 they actually stung , the air chafing her sensitive skin and too-tight n ** ples . 
 `` you 're beautiful , jamison , '' he told her , eyes wide in lascivious appreciation . 
 `` so goddamn beautiful . '' 
 she felt beautiful when he looked at her like that , when he touched her and held her and stroked her like she was the only woman in the world . 
 she knew it was a lie , knew he 'd probably be with another woman before the week ended , but she could n't bring herself to care . 
 not when he was looking at her like she was his whole world . 
 ryder leaned forward , pressing himself against her until the strength of his chest and shoulders was the only thing keeping her upright . 
 then he bent his head and took her nipple into his mouth . 
 he sucked her deep and she gasped , begged for mercy . 
 but he had none as he bit and licked , sucked and nuzzled her straight into ecstasy . 
 wrapped up in the incredible heat burning through her , the cli ** x caught jamison by surprise . 
 though she 'd known she was close-so close-she had n't expected to hurtle over with nothing but the touch of his mouth on her breast . 
 there was a roaring in her head , a fuzziness that overtook her as a freight train of pleasure slammed through her body . 
 it was unlike anything she 'd ever experienced and it left her with no choice but to hang on for the ride . 
 her body convulsed again and again , wave after wave of ecstasy shooting through her , sizzling along her nerve endings , lighting her up like the pyrotechnic display shaken dirty used to close every concert . 
 and then she was flying , soaring , dissolving into the endless night sky . 
 she came back to earth slowly , shocked at the heights she 'd scaled . 
 uncertain about the amount and degree of pleasure ryder had shown her . 
 she was n't a virgin , had slept with a couple men in committed relationships before . 
 but nothing they 'd shown her , nothing she 'd ever experienced , could have prepared her for these moments with ryder . 
 no wonder the groupies always seemed so desperate to find their way into his bed . 
 the thought chilled her , had her withdrawing into herself . 
 but ryder was n't putting up with that . 
 he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her tightly against him as he kissed his way across her bare stomach . 
 `` that was the most beautiful thing i 've ever seen , '' he told her . 
 she stirred against him , unsure of what to say , what to do on the heels of what was supposed to be her first casual sexual encounter ever . 
 too bad that it felt anything but . 
 he stopped kissing her abruptly , tilted his head up until those gorgeous onyx eyes of his blazed into her own . 
 `` jamison ? '' 
 he asked , his voice still husky with desire . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 and just that easily , she relaxed . 
 hearing him say her name , knowing she was more to him than some nameless , faceless body soothed her as nothing else could have . 
 `` more than okay , '' she teased , dancing her fingers over the bare skin of his chest to play with his nipple ring . 
 she wanted to touch him , to explore every inch of his sexy , gorgeous body before he walked away . 
 before the chance was lost to her forever . 
 `` when do i get to touch ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` after i 've gotten my fill . '' 
 his fingers went to the waistband of her shorts , started to unbutton them . 
 `` you have n't yet ? '' 
 she asked as he shimmied her shorts over her h * ps and let them fall to the ground . 
 then she lost the ability to talk as he kissed his way over her abdomen to the top of her lacy bikini panties . 
 `` not even close . '' 
 he ran a finger under the lace , teased the curls at the apex of her thighs . 
 `` open your legs . '' 
 she obeyed instantly , the commanding note in his voice sending shivers down her spine . 
 still , much as she wanted him inside her , she wanted something else more . 
 `` i want to touch you , feel you - '' `` oh , you will baby . 
 you will . '' 
 he slid his hand lower , stroked his way over and down her sex . 
 she trembled , her body teetering on the edge of a second orgasm from no more than that simple touch . 
 `` ryder , '' she said , his name an agony of need welling up inside her . 
 he laughed , a soft , gentle expulsion of air that had her sex clenching and heat sweeping across her belly . 
 just that easily , she shattered . 
 driven beyond thinking , beyond rationality , she clutched at his shoulders . 
 then turned her head and sunk her teeth into the only part of him she could reach-the bicep of the arm that was holding her pinned against the trailer . 
 chapter fifteen he froze at the feel of her teeth sinking into his flesh . 
 for one second , two , he was motionless , held in place by a desire so fierce it bordered on obsession . 
 then jamison moaned and the spell was broken . 
 and so was his resolve . 
 he 'd wanted to spend the night petting her , touching her , gentling her to orgasm after orgasm-she more than deserved that kind of care from him . 
 but there was no way he was going to last all night , no way he was going to last more than a few more minutes before burying himself inside of her . 
 determined to give her all that he could in those minutes-and to make her come at least once more before he slid inside of her-he let go of her wrist and crouched down . 
 brought both of his hands to rest on her bare thighs . 
 coaxed her into opening her legs before her innate reticence could kick in . 
 trying to move slowly , to give her time to get used to him , he once again slid a finger along the edge of her purple lace panties . 
 he never would have taken her for a lace girl-not cool , practical , reserved jamison-but here was the proof . 
 the sexy panties cupped her sex like a lover , nestling between the folds of her p ** sy as he was so desperate to do . 
 leaning forward , this time he trailed his tongue along the edge of the lace , relishing each gasp and shiver his journey elicited . 
 `` do you have more of these , baby ? '' 
 he pulled at the waistband a little before allowing it to snap back against her bikini line with a satisfying smack . 
 `` yes . '' 
 it was a gasp , and barely a coherent one at that . 
 `` i 'm glad . '' 
 he smiled then , let her see the wicked promise in his eyes . 
 then leaned forward and with his teeth , ripped the things to shreds . 
 she gasped and his grin grew wider even as a powerful surge of need tore through him . 
 this was what he 'd been thinking about , dreaming about , for what felt like forever . 
 jamison , hot and wet , her skin flushed a sexy pink . 
 incoherent with need . 
 as desperate for him as he was for her . 
 `` please . 
 ryder . '' 
 she moved her hand to his chest . 
 played with his nipple ring . 
 stroked her way down his stomach until she got to the waistband of his jeans . 
 `` i want you , '' she whispered , bringing her hands back up to his shoulders where she clutched at him , pulled him closer . 
 `` want is n't enough , '' he told her , determined to push her as close to insanity as he was . 
 `` you have to need me the way i need you . '' 
 `` i do ! '' 
 it was nearly a wail , one that turned to a high , keening cry as he nipped at her inner thighs with his teeth . 
 he loved the sounds she made , nipped and licked and kissed at her in an effort to get her to make them again . 
 to make more . 
 he was losing his mind , drowning in the fount of her sensuality and he wanted her to feel the same . 
 needed her to be as desperate , as crazy , for him as he was for her . 
 `` let 's see about that , '' he told her , his tongue darting out to run the length of her sex in one slow , long sweep . 
 she tasted like peaches and honey and sweet , rich cream . 
 he delved deeper , wanting more of her . 
 wanting all of her . 
 `` ryder ! '' 
 her scream shattered the silence around them and pushed him up to the edge of the line he 'd been riding . 
 `` ryder , please . 
 fuck me . 
 please , f ** k me . '' 
 he loved the pleading tone in jamison 's voice , loved more the breathless words spilling out of her throat . 
 but it was n't enough , was n't near enough . 
 he had a fleeting thought that it never would be , that he would want her like this forever . 
 but then she moaned , clutched at him , and the ability to think deserted him completely . 
 all he could do was feel . 
 the need that had been building inside him for days exploded , turned white hot and dangerous . 
 his breathing was shallow , his c * ck threatening to burst with one more touch from her . 
 he pushed the desire down , fought it back . 
 jamison would come for him again , this time against his mouth . 
 only then , when she 'd lost all control and inhibitions , would he give in to the lust driving him to the brink of madness . 
 only then would he take her . 
 lifting her right leg , he draped it over his shoulder . 
 she inhaled sharply in surprise , tangled her fingers in his hair . 
 he gentled her , angling his shoulders so that he could support her weight . 
 whispered to her of everything he was going to do to her . 
 then leaned forward and thrust his tongue as deeply inside of her as he could reach . 
 she went wild , her body thrashing against him as she arched her h * ps and clutched at him . 
 he held her still , stopped the bucking of her h * ps with a heavy hand on her stomach and continued to take her higher . 
 she was delicious , intoxicating , the sweetest honey he had ever known , and in that moment he wanted her more than he 'd ever wanted anything in his life . 
 it scared him , this need he had for her . 
 had him pushing her higher , faster , in an effort to quiet the feelings raging inside of him . 
 it almost worked , would have if she had n't cried out for him , grounding him in the middle of the maelstrom . 
 `` ryder ! '' 
 it was a plea , a demand , a cry for surcease , but he could n't stop . 
 he had to have her , had to taste every drop of her sweetness , had to take every shudder and cry she could give him . 
 stroking deep , he concentrated on finding her every sensitive spot and worked to take her higher than anyone ever had before . 
 when she was just about there , when she was sobbing and pleading and he sensed she could n't take any more , he pulled his tongue out of her luscious warmth . 
 then , slipping his hands beneath her ass , he lifted her up higher , opened her wider , and wrapped his lips gently around her clit . 
 her body arched violently as she came , bucking so wildly that she almost dislodged him . 
 but he held on , used his tongue and teeth and lips to ride her through one cli ** x and into another . 
 he was a man possessed , utterly enchanted by , completely addicted to the exquisite feeling he got from giving her pleasure . 
 he could stay like this forever , his c * ck throbbing , his mouth buried in her incredibly sweet , incredibly responsive sex . 
 making her come would be his new obsession . 
 he 'd had a lot of women in his life , had used his fame and charm and looks to take whomever he wanted , whenever he wanted . 
 had used sex to keep his demons , and his failures , at bay . 
 but sex with jamison was different . 
 because jamison is different , a primitive voice in the back of his head warned even as it urged him on . 
 thrusting his tongue inside of her , he sent her over the edge to one final cli ** x before skimming his mouth across the curve of her hip to the flat plane of her stomach . 
 unable to resist , he sucked on the soft flesh of her waist until he marked her , relished the high-pitched cry she did n't even try to hold back . 
 then he soothed the small hurt with his tongue and lips before pulling back . 
 `` what - '' she asked , dazed . 
 confused . 
 she was trembling , but he knew it was from pleasure instead of cold . 
 her skin was nearly feverish . 
 as was he . 
 his balls were on fire , his c * ck burning with the need to bury itself in the wet , silky heat of her . 
 lowering her to the ground , he turned her so that she was facing the trailer . 
 part of him wanted to see her face when they made love , to see her eyes go all cloudy and unfocused . 
 but he did n't make love that way . 
 he never had . 
 it was too personal , made him feel too vulnerable . 
 and while he wanted to know everything about jamison , wanted to get as personal with her as he possibly could , he was afraid to let her see what was inside him . 
 afraid she would n't let him touch her if she knew just how f ** ked up he was . 
 `` ryder ! '' 
 her high keening cry dragged him out of his head and back to the present , where he so obviously wanted to be . 
 determined to get inside her-to stay inside her -- he pressed on her upper back so that she was leaning forward , her ass thrusting back for him . 
 reaching into his back pocket , he pulled out the obligatory condom . 
 unbuttoned his pants , rolled it on . 
 and then , intertwining his fingers with hers , he thrust into her from behind . 
 she cried out , arched wildly , tugged as if to free her hands from his grip . 
 but he held on , covering her with his body . 
 he could n't let go now if she begged . 
 the moment he 'd slid into her , the music had started in his head . 
 a sweeping , electric number that lit him up even as jamison destroyed him with pleasure . 
 he was rough , rougher than he 'd intended , but he 'd lost control . 
 any gentleness he 'd had in him had been used up in the long , sexy moments of going down on her . 
 but even as the music swamped him , he made sure that every cry he pulled from her was of pleasure , made sure that every slam of his body into hers took her one step higher . 
 he wrapped an arm around her to make sure she was protected from the cool metal of the trailer , and then he rode her hard and fast . 
 each thrust was a frenzy of raging need , each stroke a declaration of control and ownership and vicious , violent need . 
 and jamison was taking it . 
 no , she was begging for more , her muscles clenching tightly around him . 
 he reached down , pulled her legs further apart . 
 he needed to go deeper , needed to drive his c * ck so hard and deep inside of her that he 'd never forget the feel of her . 
 never forget the music pouring through him . 
 sobbing , jamison dug her fingernails into his hands , hanging on for dear life as his thrusts moved her onto her tip-toes . 
 `` do it ! '' 
 she gasped , her body shaking uncontrollably as her sex clenched tightly around his dick . 
 `` please . 
 you have to . '' 
 the music got louder . 
 his body screamed for relief . 
 but he refused to give in-not now , not when she was so close to coming again . 
 he was desperate to feel her orgasm , to feel her body as it spasmed wildly around him . 
 easing back a little , he brought his hand down , gently stroked her cl * t in rhythm to the music in his head . 
 `` no , baby , you have to , '' he whispered , following the words with a desperate lunge inside of her . 
 `` come on , jamison , baby . 
 let it take you . 
 let it - '' she screamed , her back arching beneath him like a bow as the waves exploded through her . 
 gritting his teeth , he kept up the hard , steady strokes until sweat streamed down his body . 
 until his muscles cried out for relief . 
 until yet another orgasm whipped through jamison and she cried his name while she came . 
 only then-as the music reached a shattering crescendo-did he give himself up to a release so violent , so powerful , it was like rock and roll itself . 
 ... when it was over , when she could finally think again , jamison laid her head back against the cool metal of the trailer and just breathed . 
 she 'd had sex before , even made love before , but nothing and no one could have prepared her for this . 
 for ryder . 
 he made love like he sang-darkly , dangerously , and with an incredible attention to detail that left her a quivering , boneless mess . 
 for the first time in a long time she felt satisfied . 
 even more , she felt soft . 
 like everything inside of her had melted into a puddle of goo . 
 which would n't be so bad if she had n't felt her heart-and the barriers she 'd very deliberately erected between herself and ryder-melt right along with everything else . 
 panic began to set in with that realization , obliterating the post-orgasmic glow that made her want to stay right where she was-even if that place was backed up against an equipment trailer-forever . 
 heart racing , hands trembling , fear vibrating through every nerve ending she had , she waited for ryder to put her down . 
 to move away . 
 to slide the defenses he wore so seamlessly back into place . 
 but he did n't . 
 did n't do anything but rest against her , his face pressed into the curve of her neck , his body pressed into her own . 
 she could still feel him there , inside of her , was desperately afraid that she always would . 
 in the last few minutes , ryder had done more than f ** ked her . 
 he 'd taken her over completely . 
 panic became full-blown terror . 
 suddenly she wanted to struggle against him . 
 to demand that he put her down so that she could find that distance again . 
 she needed to breathe , to think , to be by herself if only for a few minutes so that she could rebuild the defenses he had shattered so completely . 
 she 'd spent years of her life lusting after ryder , wanting him beyond all good sense and comprehension , but now that she 'd had him she was only more confused . 
 what did this mean for them ? 
 for her ? 
 for him ? 
 were they together ? 
 or was she a moron for even thinking like that ? 
 of course you are , she told herself as she fought the urge to shove him away . 
 it was stupid , ridiculous really , to imagined she was anything special when she thought about how many women ryder slept with in a year or a month or even a typical week . 
 she wanted to be different , wanted this moment between them to be more than that , but how could it be when she 'd thrown herself at him like just another groupie ? 
 twice now he 'd touched her and twice she 'd gone up in flames without him taking her for so much as a cup of coffee . 
 it was preposterous to think she was anything more to him than a quick lay . 
 a good time . 
 and yet even as the thoughts formed , she knew she was being unfair to ryder . 
 knew she was letting the hysteria get the better of her . 
 he was her friend , had been her friend and her champion and her hero for more than a decade . 
 just because they 'd slept together-just because they 'd scratched the itch that had been building between them for days now-didn ' t mean that she was suddenly nothing to him . 
 of course she meant more to him than some groupie whose name he did n't know . 
 so did that mean they were going to be friends with benefits now ? 
 she wondered . 
 and if they were , how did she feel about that ? 
 could she keep her feelings for him at bay long enough to indulge in that kind of relationship ? 
 or would the fact that she was crazy about him-or just plain crazy-preclude them from being anything more than what they were at this very moment ? 
 `` hey . '' 
 ryder lifted his head . 
 `` i can practically see the wheels spinning in your head . 
 are you okay ? 
 did i hurt you ? '' 
 she swallowed the lump in her throat , forced a breezy tone she was far from feeling . 
 `` are you kidding ? 
 that was fabulous . '' 
 `` it really was . '' 
 jamison heard the smile in his voice , and smiled in return despite her misgivings . 
 it was hard to stay freaked out when ryder laid on the charm . 
 she waited for him to pull out , to move away , to make some excuse about needing to get back to the bus . 
 he did none of those things . 
 instead , he put a hand under her chin and tilted her head back and to the side until she had no choice but to meet his eyes . 
 it was hard , harder than she would have imagined possible considering he was still inside her . 
 somehow , though , these quiet moments with him felt more intimate , more frightening , than letting him into her body had . 
 but she was n't a wimp , was n't some little girl to run away from her fears or the consequences of her actions . 
 so , instead of shrugging him off or wallowing in her own insecurities , she put on her big girl panties and forced all the conflicting emotions down deep inside of herself . 
 chose instead to focus on the practical . 
 `` we should probably get back to the bus soon . '' 
 `` what if i do n't want to go back ? '' 
 he shifted a little , angled his h * ps so that he hit a particularly sensitive spot inside of her . 
 `` what if i want to make love to you again ? '' 
 jamison gasped , arched back against him as she felt her body respond . 
 she could n't help it . 
 despite the fears and doubts that had taken up residence inside of her , she knew she would n't turn ryder away . 
 not when he was in this playful mood . 
 and not when he wanted her . 
 it might not be the same way she wanted him , but it did n't matter . 
 nothing did at that moment but him and the pleasure they could bring each other . 
 `` god , you feel good . '' 
 he thrust against her , groaned when her still sensitive sex clenched around him . 
 `` i do n't want to leave you . '' 
 `` so do n't . '' 
 the words slipped out before she could stop them . 
 he laughed and she felt the vibration of it deep inside of herself , in her heart as well as her body . 
 ryder did n't laugh nearly enough . 
 `` i 'm sure that would go over well . 
 i could just see jared 's face if i walked onto the bus with you riding me like this . '' 
 `` it 's not jared 's business what we do . '' 
 she tightened herself around him , stroked him from the inside . 
 `` do that again . '' 
 his voice was deeper , huskier than it had been even a moment before . 
 she did and his head fell forward until his forehead rested on her shoulder . 
 `` god , you feel good , jamison . '' 
 she lit up a little , thrilled deep inside that he 'd used her name . 
 that he had n't called her baby . 
 `` so do you , ryder . '' 
 he did n't say anything more , just reached between their bodies and stroked a soft thumb over her clit . 
 she was still sensitive from all her previous orgasms-not to mention the hard , driving rhythm he 'd set while he 'd f ** ked her-and still she responded to him . 
 she could n't help it . 
 there was a part of her that believed she would respond to him forever . 
 that wherever or whenever he wanted her , she would come running . 
 the thought terrified her all over again . 
 so that even as she teetered on the brink of a brand new orgasm , she reached a hand behind her , pushed at his hip . 
 `` stop . '' 
 she sounded so turned on , so breathless , that she would n't have blamed him had he ignored her . 
 it was n't like she could disguise how much she wanted him , after all . 
 but she 'd underestimated ryder . 
 he stopped immediately , not just the stroking of his thumb but everything else as well . 
 `` sensitive ? '' 
 he whispered against her damp skin as he pulled out of her in a warm rush that left her feeling immediately bereft . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut , fought back the tears as she nodded against the trailer . 
 if only he knew just how much . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i should n't have come at you like that . '' 
 `` i wanted you to . 
 it was - '' she turned her head so that her eyes met his for the first time since he 'd slipped inside of her . 
 `` wonderful . '' 
 he smiled then and her heart stuttered a little in her chest . 
 because it was n't the smile he gave the hoards of screaming fans , was n't the smile he gave the other guys or his friends or even the women he slept with . 
 she 'd seen all those smiles a hundred-a thousand-times through the years . 
 no , this was his jamison smile . 
 the one he kept just for her , and the fact that he was giving it to her now helped settle her like nothing else could . 
 after all , who was she to complain about the way things had played out ? 
 was n't this what she 'd wanted all along ? 
 for ryder to see her like a woman ? 
 for him to hold her and love her , if only for a little while ? 
 when they 'd first started making love , she 'd sworn to herself that she would take whatever he had to offer without strings or complaints . 
 she was n't planning to go back on that promise to herself within minutes of fulfilling it , was she ? 
 because it was n't like she was looking for happily ever after with him-hell , she was smart enough to know that was n't going to happen . 
 not with ryder . 
 not with his background and not when he did n't believe he had a happily ever after in him . 
 she disagreed , thought he would one day make a woman a fabulous husband-once he came to understand that a lot of the shit in his life really was n't his fault . 
 she 'd spent years trying to prove it to him-as had jared-but neither of them had ever gotten through to him . 
 and then carrie had come along and he 'd been better . 
 for a while . 
 right up until she 'd been attacked at one of the band 's shows . 
 ryder had been onstage singing while she 'd been raped in the dressing room , and the guilt and rage had nearly killed him . 
 how could it not , when carrie had constantly blamed him for what had happened to her ? 
 even her suicide note had been a fuck-you to him , a cacophony of hatred and pain that blamed him for everything bad that had happened to her . 
 and ryder had believed her . 
 no matter what jamison or jared or any of the other guys had said , he 'd never again been able to see past the villainous view of himself . 
 blinking back the tears that came every time she thought of what he 'd suffered , jamison traced the art on his left arm . 
 like the phoenix he 'd had tattooed on himself , he 'd risen from the ashes of his nightmare of a family . 
 had reinvented himself . 
 but was still so locked inside his own perceptions of himself , still such a victim of the damage his family-and carrie-had dealt him , that he could n't see past the bars . 
 that did n't mean she was going to quit trying to convince him of his worth . 
 ryder was too wonderful of a person-strong , talented , protective , not to mention deep down good . 
 he did n't deserve to suffer for the sins of those who had failed him . 
 and neither did he deserve her condemning him for what he could n't change . 
 here she was , still glowing from the most incredible sex of her life , and she was doing everything she could to put distance between them . 
 that was n't fair to either of them . 
 so why could n't she have him-even if it was just for a little while ? 
 she 'd taken a leap of faith when she 'd jumped on the tour bus and fled san diego and the mess her life had become . 
 had given up control of her destiny while she struggled to write a cookbook she had no guarantee would ever go anywhere.if she could do that in her professional life , why could n't she do it in her personal life as well ? 
 not forever , but for the duration of this tour ? 
 why could n't she just say to hell with love and responsibility and happily ever afters and just enjoy being with ryder as long as he wanted to be with her ? 
 it would n't last forever-it might not even last the week-but that did n't mean she could n't enjoy every second , and every orgasm , he was willing to give her . 
 decision made , she slipped away from ryder . 
 felt a tug deep in her heart at the loss of his warmth around her , inside her . 
 but she shut that down quickly , determined to make the next few minutes about what he needed . 
 turning to face ryder , she threw her arms around him . 
 hugged him to her as tightly as he 'd allow . 
 and tried not to notice the way he stiffened against her . 
 it was a subtle thing , but she 'd had a lot of years to get used to it . 
 ryder could f ** k her brains out , could go down on her until she screamed and then do it all over again , but he could n't handle the simple affection of a hug . 
 she held on an extra second anyway-if she could give him nothing else in their time together , then she wanted to give him this . 
 the ability to touch and be touched in a way that was n't only sexual . 
 he deserved it . 
 then again , so did she . 
 but the tension continued to build in him , so she pulled away and shot him a casual smile as she bent down and retrieved her shorts and underwear from where he 'd dropped them on the ground . 
 then did her best not to tremble as she pulled them up her legs . 
 the only way this was going to work was if she acted completely nonchalant . 
 she was n't ready to give him up . 
 not yet , not when she 'd just gotten him . 
 if that meant she was going to end up heartbroken later , she 'd take it . 
 for once , the woman who tried to control everything was saying to hell with that and giving herself up to the chaos . 
 tomorrow could take care of itself . 
 ... as he shepherded jamison back toward the bus , ryder was n't sure what to think or how to act . 
 part of him was happier than he could ever remember being-which was crazy , he knew . 
 after all , he had n't been in a real relationship since carrie , had n't been looking for one now . 
 but jamison was n't a one-night-stand kind of girl , was n't even what he 'd call a one-week - or one-month-stand kind of girl . 
 not just because she was going to be on the road with him for the next few weeks , thus making a one-night stand impossible , but also because she meant more than that to him . 
 a lot more . 
 when jared had asked him to , he 'd promised he would stay away from jamison . 
 and when he 'd made that promise , he 'd had every intention of keeping it . 
 after all , she was sweet and smart and funny and innocent-or maybe not so innocent if he considered all of the things they 'd spent the last hour doing . 
 still , she was too good for the likes of him-way too good . 
 he knew she had a whole life to get back to anyway , one that did n't involve f ** ked-up rock stars and f ** king up against an equipment trailer . 
 trying to change her future , to weigh her down with all his bullshit baggage , would n't be fair to anyone . 
 least of all her . 
 and maybe it was the really great sex or maybe it was the way she 'd hugged him afterward-like he mattered as something more than bragging rights to her friends-but either way , he was n't ready for it to stop . 
 was n't ready for the pleasure , any of it , to end . 
 before jamison , sex had always been just a means to get out of his head . 
 even with carrie , he 'd used it for the momentary pleasure instead of the emotional connection . 
 that had never bothered him before , because he had n't let it . 
 but now jamison mattered more than the pleasure and the surcease . 
 she mattered more than all the shit that haunted him from his past . 
 and while he knew he was n't good enough for her , knew he could n't keep her , he was n't ready to give her up . 
 not yet . 
 not when the need for her was still a fire torching him from the inside out . 
 reaching over , he grasped her hand . 
 laced her fingers with his own . 
 and stroked his thumb over the back of her hand . 
 she started a little , looked up through her lashes . 
 then smiled at him shyly . 
 in that moment she looked as different from the woman who had begged him to f ** k her as he was sure he looked from the clean cut guys she was used to dating . 
 alarm bells went off in his head . 
 there was a part of him that wanted to ignore them . 
 he wanted her , more badly than he could ever remember wanting anything or anyone . 
 but at the same time , he did n't want to hurt her . 
 he wanted to make love to her , to feel her arms and legs wrapped around him , to see her smile at him just like that over and over . 
 but he did n't want to lead her on . 
 he could n't let her build castles in the air about the two of them and what they could mean to each other . 
 even though she meant more to him-even though the sex had meant more to him-than anything had for a long , long time , he could n't let her think there was more to them than what he was able to give . 
 `` jamison . '' 
 he said her name softly . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 he started to speak , to tell her everything he 'd just figured out . 
 that he wanted her but did n't want to hurt her . 
 that he wanted to keep making love to her but did n't want her to fall in love with him . 
 but when she looked at him like that , eyes wide and bright and curious , he could n't get his tongue around the words . 
 `` that was ... '' `` i know . '' 
 she squeezed his hand before bringing it to her lips and pressing a soft kiss against his knuckles . 
 heat spread through him where her lips touched and for a second he was n't sure he could stop himself from taking her again , right there in the middle of the back parking lot . 
 only the fact that he did n't have a condom stopped him . 
 that and being within sight of the band buses . 
 `` you know it 's okay , right ? '' 
 she said as she slowly lowered their joined hands . 
 actually , he was n't sure anything was okay . 
 he felt unsettled , topsy-turvy in a way he usually avoided like the plague . 
 when he did n't answer right away , she continued , `` you do n't need to worry about me falling in love with you . 
 i know what we 're doing here . '' 
 he was glad one of them did , because he was in uncharted territory . 
 but that was what he loved about jamison . 
 she 'd always understood things without him having to tell her . 
 `` you know i care about you . '' 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` god , do n't get all sappy on me , montgomery . 
 let 's just relax . 
 enjoy ourselves . 
 and when it 's done , it 's done . '' 
 he felt his mouth drop open . 
 `` who are you and what did you do with jamison ? '' 
 `` i 'm sick of being the good girl and want to have fun for a while . '' 
 she kissed his shoulder , ran her tongue over the top curve of his tattoo . 
 `` i can take care of myself . '' 
 the last of the tension in his stomach dissolved . 
 if she knew what he was offering and wanted it anyway , who was he to argue ? 
 besides , maybe he 'd been nuts to think a girl like jamison would want anything else from a guy like him . 
 he pulled her in close , licked a slow path across her collarbone . 
 enjoyed the salty-sweet taste of her , especially when she moaned a little . 
 lifting his head to look at her , he teased , `` and here i thought you enjoyed the way i took care of you . '' 
 `` oh , i do , '' she answered , arching into him so that her br ** sts brushed against his bare chest . 
 `` and i look forward to you taking care of me again soon . '' 
 god , so did he . 
 chapter sixteen three weeks later , jamison luxuriated in the feel of ryder against her as he pressed soft kisses to her spine and shoulders and lower back . 
 `` mmm , '' she told him as she leaned in to his touch . 
 `` do that again . '' 
 `` you 're a greedy thing , are n't you ? '' 
 but she could feel his smile as he trailed his lips over her shoulder and down her bicep to the side of her breast . 
 `` why should n't i be ? 
 i 've got ryder matthews in my hotel room , all to myself . 
 it 's pretty much a prerequisite that i be greedy . '' 
 he stiffened against her for just a fleeting moment , but by the time she turned her head to look at him-to see what had bothered him-the stiffness was gone . 
 or at least most of it was , she thought with an inner giggle as he rolled her onto her back and underneath him in one smooth move . 
 they were face-to-face now , a position she 'd found out ryder was n't particularly fond of . 
 at first it had stung a little , the way he always seemed to turn her away from him before slipping inside of her . 
 but then she 'd realized it was his way of keeping his distance , of putting a little bit of space between them . 
 and while that had hurt a little bit more , she 'd understood that he was trying to protect both himself and her . 
 but still she could n't help wondering-who did he think needed the distance more ? 
 reaching up , she brushed her hand through all that wild hair of his . 
 he preened a little , pressed into her touch like a hungry cat would . 
 so she stayed where she was , loving the feel of the silken strands as they slid through her fingers . 
 loving the fact that he was allowing her this intimacy when he was usually so careful about who he let touch him-and where . 
 just loving him . 
 oh , she knew it was stupid . 
 knew if she let herself love him that she was going to end up with her heart broken , no matter how many assurances she 'd given him to the contrary . 
 but she could n't bring herself to care . 
 not now , when she was underneath him , all that intense sensual energy of his focused exclusively on her . 
 and not when they were out in the world and he was so damn thoughtful , so sweet and charming and caring , that she wanted to wrap herself around him and hold on forever . 
 but that was n't possible , she reminded herself even as she twined her arms around his neck and pulled his lips down to hers . 
 happily ever after was just a pipe dream for her . 
 but happy for now ? 
 she was so there . 
 ryder kissed her slowly , thoroughly , his tongue exploring the corners of her mouth and the curve of her bottom lip before sliding inside of her mouth and exploring her there , too . 
 she tilted her head , opened for him . 
 and reveled in the low groan he made deep in his throat . 
 then his hand was in her hair , fisting her curls while the other held onto her hip in a grip that was proprietary to the extreme . 
 if another man had held her like that , even in such an intimate situation , she would have bristled . 
 moved out from under him . 
 but this was ryder and everything he did to her felt right and good and sexy as all hell . 
 besides , wanting to belong to him was a primitive , all-consuming desire inside of her . 
 one she fought back on a daily basis , but one she knew was there nonetheless . 
 not that she for one second would ever let him know it . 
 `` you taste so f ** king good , '' he growled , lifting his head to look her in the eye . 
 `` i ca n't get enough of you . '' 
 those were huge words for him , but she refused to read too much into it . 
 he was hot and hard and horny as hell . 
 that did n't mean once they were out of bed he would say the same things , or even think them . 
 in fact , she was pretty sure he would n't . 
 `` ryder , you - '' he slid inside of her then , stealing her ability to talk , to think . 
 she could only feel , her body completely in his thrall as he rocked gently against her . 
 it was the first time he 'd ever taken her like this , face to face , and she loved it . 
 oh , she loved everything he did to her-he was a wildly inventive lover who had made her come more times in three weeks than she had in her entire life , but she 'd be lying if she said she had n't wanted this . 
 being able to look into his eyes , to kiss him and wrap her arms and legs around him , to hold him , while he slipped inside of her was a different pleasure than the others he 'd given her . 
 but then , this was a different loving . 
 normally he was intense-all wild heat as he took her body places she 'd never imagined she could go . 
 powerful places where the pleasure was so overwhelming it drove her close to insanity . 
 but this time was different . 
 this was slow and sweet and breathtaking in a whole different way . 
 she wanted to touch him , to give him half as much pleasure as he was giving her . 
 but every time she tried , every time she smoothed her hands over his back or up his chest , she got distracted-by the look in his eyes and the slow , steady rhythm of his thrusts . 
 he was touching every part of her inside and out , even those ones he did n't want to know about and that she worked so hard to keep hidden . 
 deep inside , she knew it was dangerous , masochistic , to just surrender herself to him like this . 
 but right now , she wanted this loving to go on forever , wanted to wrap her arms around ryder and keep him inside her until she no longer had the strength to continue . 
 but the tension inside of her kept building , stacking higher and higher and higher until she was right back where she always was when he was inside of her-clinging to sanity with battered fingertips . 
 and still she tried to hold on . 
 this felt so good , so right , that she was n't ready for it to end . 
 ryder must have sensed her reluctance , because he held himself back . 
 kept his strokes slow and gentle even when she knew he had to be dying to come . 
 his breathing was growing more labored , sweat was pouring off of him , and his body was growing more and more taut . 
 and still he did n't rush her . 
 still he held on . 
 for her . 
 she knew it was for her . 
 tears bloomed in her eyes before she knew they were even going to form , and she turned her head , not wanting him to see . 
 maybe he was n't the only one who liked the safety of making love with her back to his front . 
 in this position , she felt so much more open . 
 so much more vulnerable . 
 but , to her confusion , ryder was having none of it . 
 he brought his hand to her chin , tilted her face back so that she was looking straight at him-swimming eyes and all . 
 and then he kissed her and it was sweeter , hotter , and more profound than anything that had come before it . 
 she was trembling by the time he pulled away-a combination of excess emotion and the strain it was taking to hold her release in check . 
 and that was when ryder had enough . 
 `` come on , baby , '' he whispered in that low , dark voice she loved so much . 
 the one that had sold millions of songs and broken nearly as many hearts . 
 `` come for me , jamison . 
 i need to feel you . '' 
 his words pushed her right up to the edge of cli ** x . 
 she teetered there for long seconds , until ryder swept his thumb over her cl * t at the same moment he dropped his head and bit softly at her nipple . 
 with a muffled scream , she went flying . 
 he followed her moments later , and like the build-up that led to it , their orgasm went on and on in slow , gentle waves that left her feeling warm and soft and boneless . 
 ryder must have felt the same , because when he finally stopped coming , he collapsed on her , burying his face in the vulnerable curve where her neck met her shoulder . 
 thrilled at the feel of him on top of her , surrounding her , jamison wrapped her arms and legs around him and held tight . 
 she did n't want to freak him out , but she could n't let him go yet . 
 not without trying to give to him some of the same warmth and security he gave to her . 
 amazingly , he let her . 
 she did n't know how long they lay there , wrapped up in and around each other . 
 long enough for their hearts to stop racing . 
 long enough for her skin to cool and the sweat to evaporate from their bodies . 
 more than long enough for her to wish things could be different . 
 it was this realization more than anything else that had her whispering , `` we should probably get up . '' 
 time was ticking away and though she wanted to stay , to bask in the easy affection he showed her only when they were making love , she was conscious of overstaying her welcome . 
 which might sound ridiculous considering this was her room-the few times they 'd spent overnight at a hotel in the last few weeks , ryder had always made sure she had her own room . 
 he 'd never made her feel like she was a bother or that he did n't want her around . 
 and she needed to keep it that way . 
 maybe if she could avoid asking too much of him , she could keep him , at least a little longer . 
 `` tired of me already ? '' 
 he asked , a frown flitting across his face . 
 `` a little bit , yeah . '' 
 she grinned to show him she was teasing . 
 `` but seriously , i do have things other than you to do today . '' 
 `` now that 's a shame . '' 
 `` it is , is n't it ? '' 
 he dropped a kiss on her nose , then slowly pulled out of her . 
 as he rolled to his feet , she tried not to feel empty . 
 it was n't his fault that she wanted more than he had to give her . 
 `` wan na take a shower with me ? '' 
 he asked , after he 'd walked to the bathroom and disposed of the condom . 
 `` is that code for water games ? '' 
 `` it could be . '' 
 `` now that 's a non-answer if i 've ever heard one . '' 
 he held his hands up in front of him in the universal gesture of innocence . 
 and looked hotter than any man had a right to while doing it . 
 `` hey , i 'm just hedging my bets , trying to figure out which answer has the best shot of getting you in the shower with me . '' 
 she gave him a stern look-or tried to . 
 but it was hard to seem intimidating when one of the sexiest men in the universe was smoldering at her . 
 especially when that smolder was in total jest . 
 `` you should have tried the whole we-need-to-conserve-water routine . 
 we are in texas , after all . '' 
 he snapped his fingers . 
 `` i knew i forgot something . 
 would it work if i tried that now ? '' 
 she walked into the bathroom and tossed a towel at him . 
 `` not a chance , buddy . '' 
 `` you sure about that ? '' 
 he came up behind her , wrapped his arms around her waist , and pulled her back against his front . 
 then he started kissing her neck , soft , steamy little nibbles that had her responding to him despite the fact that they 'd spent the last three and a half hours in bed together . 
 she wondered if it would always be that way for her . 
 if she would spend her life wanting him no matter how many times he made love to her . 
 it was a terrifying thought , especially considering she went into this thing with her eyes wide open . 
 wanting the rules to change in the middle of the game was n't fair to ryder or herself . 
 `` you 're so beautiful , '' he whispered as his lips skimmed across her ear . 
 `` yeah , right . '' 
 jamison had never been one to undersell herself . 
 she knew she was smart , savvy , a talented writer , and exceptionally organized , just to name a few of her good points . 
 but she also knew what beautiful was and she was n't it . 
 she was decently attractive , but in ryder 's world that did n't really count for much . 
 but it was hard to keep her head out of the clouds when ryder 's strong musician 's hands slid up her stomach to cup her br ** sts . 
 when his thumbs brushed over her n ** ples and his hot breath made the little hairs at the nape of her neck stand straight up . 
 `` look , '' he said , nodding his head toward the mirror they were standing in front of . 
 the mirror she had very deliberately avoided looking at . 
 `` i 'd rather look at you , '' she answered , turning toward him . 
 but he banded an arm around her h * ps and another over her br ** sts , forcing her to stay facing the mirror . 
 then he used his chin to nudge at her cheek until she reluctantly lifted her head and met his eyes in the mirror . 
 `` look at you , '' he told her in a voice gone husky with desire . 
 `` just look at you . '' 
 she could deny him nothing when he asked like that , so she did . 
 and saw the same jamison she 'd always seen staring back at her . 
 crazy red hair , too pale skin , a smattering of freckles on her arms and chest . 
 and h * ps and thighs that needed about eight consecutive weeks on a stairmaster before they could ever be considered toned . 
 `` what do you see ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she did n't know how to answer him , what to say to make him understand . 
 so in the end , she just told him the truth . 
 `` i see you . '' 
 she could n't keep the reverence out of her tone as her eyes traced his gorgeous muscles and even more gorgeous tattoos . 
 he sighed in frustration , shoved a hand through all that glorious , silky hair of his . 
 and said , `` baby , i love the way you look . '' 
 he moved a hand to her face , stroked his fingers down her cheeks . 
 `` your eyes slay me . 
 all violet and mysterious-i never quite know what you 're thinking . 
 even when that frustrates me , i get off on it . '' 
 he moved lower , rubbed his thumb over her lips . 
 `` and your mouth . 
 i love the color of your lips . 
 love this little dip right here . '' 
 he paused at the deep bow in the center of her top lip . 
 `` you 'd be shocked if you knew how much time i 've spent these last few weeks fantasizing about your mouth wrapped around my cock . '' 
 she shuddered , her head falling back against his chest and her eyes drifting closed as she lost herself in the sensual promise of his words . 
 `` open your eyes , '' he commanded , a dark note in his voice that had her instinctively following his directions . 
 `` i love your skin . 
 how soft and sweet it is . 
 it 's why i kiss you so much , because i love to taste you-all peaches and cream and warm , rich honey . '' 
 he leaned forward , trailed his tongue over her shoulder . 
 played connect the dots with the scattering of freckles there . 
 it tickled and she giggled a little despite the spell ryder was weaving all around her . 
 `` i also love your laugh , '' he told her with a wicked grin . 
 `` almost as much as i love these . '' 
 he moved his right arm back down so that it once again banded her br ** sts . 
 he cupped her left breast in his hand , stroked her nipple for long , breathless seconds . 
 `` and this . '' 
 his left hand slipped down to cup her sex , his middle finger sliding through her folds while his bent index finger circled round her clit . 
 heat licked through her , made her knees tremble and her skin ache with sensitivity . 
 again she started to turn in to him , and again he stopped her with his ragingly possessive hold . 
 `` look , '' he urged , his voice somehow , impossibly , deeper than before . 
 and she did , for the first time seeing shades of what he was talking about . 
 she did n't look beautiful standing there , but she did look hot , sexy . 
 her hair was tousled , her eyes heavy-lidded with desire . 
 between his spread fingers , she could see her nipple , dark red and hard with need . 
 her legs were spread , her h * ps moving sensuously against his hand as he teased her toward yet another orgasm . 
 `` do you see ? '' 
 his voice was pure gravel now . 
 she nodded against his chest . 
 her voice had deserted her . 
 `` say it . 
 tell me you understand . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 each word was a razor blade slicing the inside of her dry , tight throat . 
 `` i understand . '' 
 `` thank god . '' 
 he turned her around , sank to his knees . 
 `` keep watching , '' he urged as he spread her legs and licked his way through her already drenched folds . 
 he nodded to the second mirror , which was directly across from the one she was now leaning against . 
 `` ryder , '' she gasped , her hands clutching at his shoulders in an attempt to keep her already unsteady legs from buckling completely . 
 he must have heard the desperation in her voice , because he braced his hands on her h * ps and lifted her onto the vanity . 
 then he brought her feet up to rest inches from her ass , urging her to let her knees fall open even as he did so . 
 she was wide open to him now , completely vulnerable , and if she had n't trusted him so completely she never could have born it . 
 but she did trust him . 
 how could she not when he had already brought her such incredible pleasure ? 
 he chose that moment to pull her cl * t into his mouth and suck gently . 
 her head fell back on a moan , her eyes closing because she did n't have the strength to keep them open for one more second . 
 but ryder was having none of it . 
 `` look , '' he told her again , and she did , forcing her eyes open despite the near-blinding pleasure . 
 it was the most shockingly intimate thing she had ever done , but she did n't stop him . 
 and she did n't look away . 
 instead , she watched him going down on her . 
 watched him taking her with his hands and lips and tongue . 
 her own hands clutched at his shoulders and hair , her h * ps arching into his mouth as her need for release grew more and more desperate . 
 `` ryder ! '' 
 it was a high-pitched , keening cry as he licked her to the most intense , most overwhelming , orgasm of her life . 
 `` i 've got you , baby , '' he whispered as he thrust two fingers inside of her at just the right angle to prolong her cli ** x. `` i 've got you . '' 
 and though she knew it was stupid-and very probably emotionally disastrous-she let herself believe him . 
 and slid deeply , irrevocably into love . 
 chapter seventeen something had changed . 
 ryder did n't know what it was , but somehow , in the middle of the most intense sex of his life , something had shifted deep inside of him . 
 and frankly it scared the shit out of him . 
 he wanted jamison . 
 wanted her for himself in a way he had n't wanted anything in a very long time . 
 or , more accurately , in a way he had n't let himself want anything . 
 not since carrie . 
 if he was honest with himself , that was what terrified him . 
 not the fact that he felt something for the first time in a very long time . 
 but the fact that jamison did as well . 
 oh , she could talk a good game about no strings fun and taking care of herself , but he 'd seen the way she looked at him earlier . 
 had recognized it , because he knew he had the same damn look on his own face . 
 he did n't want to hurt her , did n't want anything from the crazy , f ** ked up life he led to leak over onto her . 
 he had n't been worried about that with carrie and she had suffered for it , had paid the ultimate price . 
 and jamison had already been attacked once . 
 he 'd done the best he could to make her safe on this trip , as had jared . 
 but nothing was guaranteed and he 'd be damned if he let her suffer the same way carrie had , being attacked backstage by some loser whose band never had a chance of going huge-even before he 'd been put on trial for rape . 
 not that the charges had stuck-carrie had been so messed up on prescription drugs by the trial that her testimony had been `` suspect , : '' and he had n't been able to do a damn thing about it . 
 except shoulder the blame for her pain and her addiction and watch as she slipped further and further away from him . 
 the thought of going through it again , of seeing jamison suffer the way carrie had , woke him up in the middle of the night , drenched in a cold sweat.besides , if he was being honest , he 'd admit that this thing between jamison and him did n't have a shot of working out . 
 sure , she could use her degree cooking for the band , could write her cookbookanywhere , but the fact of the matter was jamison craved stability . 
 she would never let herself live the way her mom had , and he could n't see himself living any other way . 
 not when staying in one place too long made him feel claustrophobic . 
 like he could n't breathe or think . 
 no , the best thing to do would be to end their relationship now . 
 before she got any more attached . 
 before he forgot all the reasons he could n't be the man she needed . 
 part of him wanted to go talk to her right then , but it was n't practical . 
 night was falling over houston , which meant the fans would be hitting the venue any minute now . 
 since the last thing he wanted to do was run the gauntlet tonight just to get to the stage , he needed to hit the dressing room pretty damn quickly . 
 with a wave to gerald , one of the band 's security guards , he ducked backstage . 
 headed for the dressing room the concert promoter had designated for shaken dirty . 
 the concert did n't start for a couple of hours , but he wanted some time to think . 
 to just be . 
 he pulled up short when he saw jared leaning against the wall outside the dressing room , cell phone in his hand . 
 `` hey , man . 
 everything okay with victoria ? '' 
 ryder asked . 
 he could n't think of another reason jared would be standing in the hallway looking so grim-faced when his fiancee had to be around somewhere . 
 `` yeah , she 's fine , i guess . 
 she went shopping a few hours ago and i have n't heard from her . '' 
 `` security 's with her , right ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` so she 's fine . '' 
 ryder smiled at him . 
 `` probably just wanted to get something special for the show tonight . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 you 're probably right . '' 
 still , he checked his cell for the third time in as many minutes . 
 `` and then i figure we wo n't be seeing you anywhere except on stage for the next few days . '' 
 jared 's teeth came together with a snap . 
 it was ryder 's first clue that there was more on his mind than victoria-an idea that was reinforced when his best friend said , `` kind of like we have n't been seeing much of you around lately ? '' 
 he froze at the too casual tone in jared 's voice . 
 they 'd been friends long enough for him to know that when jared pulled it out , shit was about to go bad . 
 `` you got something you want to ask me ? '' 
 `` i thought i just did . '' 
 fuck . 
 `` jared - '' he held out a placating hand even though part of him wanted to tell the other man to screw off . 
 that what was between him and jamison was nobody 's business but theirs . 
 but that was n't fair , either , not when he knew jared was just looking out for his sister . 
 `` you told me you were going to stay away from her . '' 
 `` i thought i was . 
 i 'd planned to . '' 
 `` shit . '' 
 jared looked like he 'd been run over by the tour bus . 
 `` so you really are f ** king around with jamison ? '' 
 ryder 's back went up immediately . 
 `` do n't talk about her like that . 
 jamison does n't f ** k around . '' 
 `` i was talking about you . '' 
 but some of the angry shock had faded . 
 `` so it is serious ? '' 
 he did n't have a f ** king clue what to say to that , knew that he 'd be damned whatever came out of his mouth . 
 but he could n't just stand there with his thumb up his ass all night either . 
 he needed to tell jared something and the best he could come up with was , `` jamison 's special . '' 
 jared did n't look impressed . 
 `` i 'm well aware of that . 
 it 's why i warned you to stay the hell away from her . '' 
 `` i tried ! 
 sleeping with my best friend 's little sister was n't exactly on my agenda , you know . '' 
 jared winced . 
 `` i could have gone my whole f ** king life without hearing those words come out of your mouth . '' 
 `` seems fair , considering i could have gone my whole life without saying them . '' 
 jared did n't respond right away and silence stretched , taut and dangerous , between them . 
 `` why her ? '' 
 jared finally asked . 
 `` you could have picked anyone . 
 why 'd you go after jamison ? '' 
 `` first of all , i did n't go after her . 
 i kind of got broadsided by this whole thing . 
 and secondly , why not jamison ? 
 she 's smart , funny , beautiful , caring . 
 plus she listens , you know ? 
 she understands things that other people do n't . '' 
 with jamison , what he liked best was holding her after they had sex . 
 not that the sex was n't good-it was amazing , incredible , absolutely mind-blowing . 
 but at the same time he really enjoyed talking to her . 
 she had a wicked sense of humor that only came out after a couple of orgasms and he loved seeing it . 
 just like he loved being the only one who did see that side of her . 
 `` holy shit . 
 you 're in love with her . '' 
 panic assailed him . 
 `` i did n't say that . '' 
 `` you do n't have to . 
 you think i do n't recognize the stupid look on your face ? 
 it 's the same one i get when i talk about vicki . '' 
 `` how would you know ? '' 
 `` wyatt took a picture once . 
 he takes great delight in tormenting me with it . 
 telling me how whipped i am . '' 
 ryder snorted . 
 `` you are whipped . '' 
 `` i am . 
 and it 's a good feeling , my friend . '' 
 he turned serious again . 
 `` you and jamison - '' `` are new . 
 we 're really new , so if you want to take a shot at me , i 'll give you one free one . 
 but after that i 'm fighting back . '' 
 `` dude , i 'm not going to hit you . '' 
 ryder relaxed a little . 
 `` thanks , i - '' `` then again ... '' jared 's fist plowed into his jaw without any warning , sent ryder flying back into the wall . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 he yelled , clutching his injured jaw . 
 `` what the fuck ? 
 i have to sing in a couple hours . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i figure that should make it nice and painful . '' 
 `` i thought you said you were n't going to hit me . '' 
 `` i was n't . 
 then i remembered you slept with my baby sister . 
 you should be grateful a sore jaw is all you 've got . '' 
 he was grinning when he said the last . 
 ryder glared at him , but did n't argue . 
 jared had a point . 
 but then jared 's smile faded , was replaced by a seriousness that was rare for his friend . 
 `` do n't hurt her . 
 i know you 've got some really bad shit in your past , but jamison 's is n't all sunshine and roses . 
 you know that . '' 
 `` just like you have to know that the absolute last thing i want to do is hurt jamison . '' 
 `` that 's not a promise . '' 
 ryder shook his head . 
 how could it be when he knew how very likely it was that he would screw things up ? 
 it was the one guarantee in his life , the one thing he was exceptionally good at . 
 jared was n't his best friend for nothing . 
 he could see from the look on his guitarist 's face that the other man knew exactly what he was thinking . 
 `` shit , ryder . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` then be prepared for a lot worse than a punch in the jaw if you do hurt her . '' 
 `` that sounds fair . '' 
 `` you think ? '' 
 jared asked with a roll of his eyes . 
 ignoring his friend 's sarcasm , ryder stopped him as he went to open the dressing room door . 
 `` do n't tell anyone about jamison and me , okay ? 
 i 'm not ready for it to go public . '' 
 for some reason that made jared smile all over again . 
 `` tell who what ? 
 i know nothing . '' 
 ryder snorted . 
 `` let 's keep it that way . '' 
 ... as the dressing room door closed behind ryder and her brother , jamison let out a low , shaky breath and tried to pretend she had n't walked up in time to hear the very last part of their conversation . 
 after all , it was none of her business if ryder wanted to keep their `` arrangement '' a secret . 
 and what were they now , anyway ? 
 an item ? 
 a couple ? 
 fuck friends ? 
 or were they not even that ? 
 if ryder did n't want anyone to know they were sleeping together , there had to be a good reason . 
 and if it was n't worry over jared finding out , the only other explanation she could come up with was he was afraid the press would get ahold of her . 
 nothing like a few rabid paparazzi to break a relationship wide open . 
 but he had to know she was used to the paps . 
 she was around jared enough when the group was n't touring that she 'd dealt with her fair share of them-and pretty well , if she did say so herself . 
 so if he was n't worried about protecting her from the invasive questions and photos , why all the secrecy ? 
 why the need to keep their relationship away from public consumption ? 
 in her head , there was only one answer and it was the one she wanted least to believe . 
 not after the hours they 'd spent in bed together that morning and certainly not after the way ryder had made love to her in the bathroom . 
 for the first time in her adult life , she 'd felt like she really was beautiful . 
 that her man saw her in a way she 'd never been able to see herself . 
 only now she was finding out that man did n't want anyone else to know he was with her . 
 she 'd been around the block enough to know that most men were pretty territorial when it came to the women they were with , so if ryder was n't being like that , it was because he really did n't think of her as his . 
 he did n't want her , not the way she wanted him . 
 it was stupid to be upset by that now-she was the one who 'd set the rules , after all . 
 but how could she have known that her feelings for ryder would deepen , would become so overwhelming , so quickly ? 
 she 'd wanted him forever , had grabbed on to him with both hands when she got the chance . 
 and to hell with the consequences . 
 getting angry at ryder , being hurt , was n't fair . 
 not when all he 'd done was abide by the rules she had set . 
 but knowing that in her head and understanding it in her heart were two different things , especially when each day she fell deeper and deeper in love with him . 
 how could she not when he was so kind and considerate and sweet to her when they were alone ? 
 of course it had been easy to be blinded by the affection , and the sex . 
 was still easy , because even as she died inside at this new knowledge that he did n't love her , not like she loved him , , she also knew that she was n't going to do anything drastic . 
 it was n't like she had any intention of putting a stop to their relationship . 
 not when she so desperately wanted to hold , and be held by him . 
 shoving the pain down deep inside of herself , she crossed the hall to shaken dirty 's dressing room . 
 she 'd come to find out if they wanted her to cook this afternoon or if they were just planning on eating the buffet that was currently being laid out in the green room . 
 determined not to let what the hurt she felt affect the way she did her job-or anything else-jamison shoved the dressing room door wide open . 
 and walked straight into hell . 
 chapter eighteen `` call 911 ! '' 
 ryder yelled at jared . 
 `` i do n't think he 's breathing . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 jared was already dialing his cell phone as he raced across the room to where wyatt was passed out on the couch . 
 `` no , i 'm not sure ! 
 but it does n't look like it . '' 
 he laid his head on wyatt 's chest , listened for the beating of his heart and the telltale movement of his torso that foretold breathing . 
 but there was nothing there . 
 goddammit . 
 not again . 
 wyatt was not doing this shit to him again . 
 but he was , and this time he was n't just unresponsive . 
 he was dead . 
 no . 
 goddammit , no . 
 ryder would n't accept that . 
 he did n't have a f ** king clue how long his drummer had been like this , but he was not going to lose one of his best friends on the dirty floor of a dressing room in houston . 
 it was n't going to f ** king happen . 
 grabbing wyatt by the shirt , ryder pulled him onto the floor . 
 covered wyatt 's mouth with his own and delivered two rescue breaths . 
 as he did he was reviewing his very rusty knowledge of cpr in his head . 
 `` ask them how to do cpr , '' he said to jared , who was frantically explaining the situation to a 911 operator . 
 `` i ca n't remember how many compressions i 'm supposed to do in a row . '' 
 `` thirty . '' 
 suddenly jamison was there , falling to her knees beside him . 
 `` right here , '' she said , putting her hands in the center of his chest and beginning rapid compressions . 
 `` okay , breathe for him , '' she said . 
 he did , twice , then she started compressions again . 
 `` the ambulance is about seven minutes out , '' jared said . 
 `` stay on the line with the dispatcher , '' jamison told him , a little breathless as she continued the compressions . 
 `` but call security , see if they have a defibrillator they can get in here . 
 if we get a pulse , we can use it . 
 plus , there should be ems on scene for the concert tonight-see if they 've arrived yet . 
 and give security a heads up about the ambulance . 
 they should have someone waiting to bring the paramedics back here . 
 `` breathe , '' she told ryder and he did , a little awed at how competent she was . 
 how fast she 'd taken over when fear had been a raging nightmare inside of him . 
 she started cpr again . 
 `` jared , there 's water running in the bathroom . 
 someone 's taking a shower . 
 go in and find out what time they went in there . 
 we should try to have an estimate for the paramedics for how long wyatt 's been down . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 jared sprang into action , all but flying across the large room . 
 then a bunch of things happened at once . 
 she got a pulse . 
 wyatt 's body started to shake , then to convulse . 
 the dressing room door burst open and two security guards ran in , followed by three paramedics with a gurney . 
 and jared fell over , landing on his ass just outside the bathroom door . 
 he was sheet white . 
 `` let us take over now , ma'am . '' 
 the paramedics eased in beside jamison , helped her roll wyatt onto his side so he would n't hurt himself . 
 then one began firing off questions as the other started an iv . 
 ryder answered the first couple of questions , torn between terror that wyatt would die , rage that he 'd done this to himself-and all of them-again , and concern for jared , who had n't moved from his spot on the carpet . 
 he looked almost as bad as wyatt did . 
 jamison crossed to him just as victoria stumbled out of the bathroom , a small towel wrapped around her dripping body . 
 seconds later , micah followed her out . 
 he was also wet and wearing only a towel , and for a second ryder felt like his head was going to explode . 
 had he somehow fallen through a wormhole into an alternate reality where everything was f ** ked up beyond all recognition ? 
 because this could n't be happening . 
 wyatt could n't have overdosed again , could n't have been lying there-dead-in front of him while micah was in the bathroom screwing jared 's fiancee . 
 it could n't be real because not even rock and roll was this f ** ked up . 
 except apparently it was . 
 because even the paramedics , while working on wyatt , were watching the scene play out with the kind of bug-eyed fascination people had only for celebrities and disasters of epic proportion . 
 how nice that shaken dirty could provide both tonight . 
 `` jared , i 'm sorry , '' victoria sobbed , throwing herself onto the ground beside him . 
 he just stared at her numbly as she tried to climb onto his lap . 
 and into the middle of all of that walked quinn , carrying three pizza boxes and whistling the melody for one of the new songs he and ryder were working on . 
 he 'd barely made it two steps before he froze , the pizza boxes sliding onto the ground with a sickening squish . 
 it was the last straw . 
 ryder sprang up and headed straight for jared , who had n't said a word even as victoria and micah piled ridiculous justification on top of ridiculous justification . 
 he was n't sure either one of them had even noticed the paramedics across the room where they continued to work on wyatt . 
 ryder grabbed victoria , pulled her kicking and screaming off of jared and carried her back inside the bathroom . 
 `` put some clothes on before you come back out here , '' he barked at her . 
 after closing the bathroom door on her mid-rant , he turned to micah and shoved him roughly toward the door . 
 `` get the f ** k out of here . '' 
 `` i 'm not going any - '' `` now ! '' 
 he roared , grabbing the bass player by the back of his neckand marching him straight out the door-and into the crowd of backstage crew from the various bands who had just begun to gather outside of their dressing room . 
 with one glance , he spotted a dozen cell phones , but ryder could n't bring himself to care . 
 not when wyatt was dying and the rest of the band was ripping itself apart at the seams . 
 he slammed the door in their faces and turned to quinn . 
 `` go after him . 
 find out if he knows what wyatt took and how long ago he took it . '' 
 he crossed to jamison , who was trying to coax her brother to his feet . 
 he reached down , hauled jared up . 
 and barely resisted the urge to go after micah and throttle him . 
 jared was the best guy in the band . 
 the nicest , friendliest , least f ** ked up by a mile . 
 and everyone in shaken dirty knew how much he adored victoria . 
 `` take him back to the hotel , '' ryder told jamison . 
 `` to your room . 
 stay with him and if micah or victoria are stupid enough to show their faces , do n't let them f ** king near him . '' 
 he pulled some money out of his pocket , pressed it into her hand . 
 `` have security call a cab for you . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` what about wyatt ? '' 
 `` i 've got him . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 she stood on tiptoes , started to kiss his cheek , but at the last second she backed away . 
 he did n't blame her . 
 jared was the band 's leader , the one who kept things running smoothly . 
 who figured out what needed to be done and then did it . 
 but ryder was the guy who checked in on everyone , who made sure that everyone in the band was doing all right . 
 and he 'd royally f ** ked that job up ... again . 
 he 'd been so busy thinking about jamison that he had n't seen just how bad wyatt was getting-or how out of control micah had become . 
 he had n't had a clue and now this had happened . 
 he 'd never felt like more of a failure . 
 `` what about the concert ? '' 
 jared asked , his voice wobbly and unsure , as different from his normal breezy confidence as it could get and still come from the same vocal chords . 
 ryder gestured at wyatt , who was breathing on his own . 
 but the paramedics were pumping him full of all kinds of shit as they prepared to transfer him to the nearest hospital . 
 `` i think it 's safe to say we are n't going on tonight . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 jared ran a hand over his eyes , looking shattered and shell-shocked . 
 `` call me as soon as you know what 's going on with him . 
 i 'll come up to the hospital . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 ryder did n't have the heart to tell him the whole micah/victoria thing was probably going to break wide open in a matter of minutes , if it had n't already done so . 
 combined with wyatt 's overdose , it was going to be big entertainment news . 
 he 'd get their manager , agent , and publicist on this mess as soon as possible , but jared still might be better off hiding out for a couple of days rather than dealing with the paps in full attack mode . 
 jamison hustled him toward the door just as quinn burst through the crowd and back into the room . 
 ryder did n't even have time to fill him in before victoria came out of the bathroom , red-eyed and whimpering . 
 he ignored her as he tried to get his fury under control . 
 focused instead on wyatt . 
 `` did micah say what he took ? '' 
 quinn shook his head , disgusted . 
 `` he was too busy trying to defend himself . 
 said victoria took off her clothes and climbed in the shower with him uninvited . '' 
 `` that 's not true ! '' 
 victoria said on a gasp . 
 ryder pinned her with a look that had made even the most rabid photographers take a few steps back . 
 `` do you actually think anyone here gives a shit what you have to say ? 
 get the hell out of here . 
 and leave jared alone or i 'll make sure that even the worst gossip rags in the business wo n't touch your story . '' 
 `` i love him . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i think we all got that . '' 
 he turned to quinn . 
 `` get her in a cab , will you ? '' 
 `` with pleasure . '' 
 ryder did n't bother to watch and see if she went willingly . 
 instead he crossed to the paramedics and said , `` our best guess is still her ** n. '' one of them nodded . 
 `` yeah . 
 he 's got the classic od signs . '' 
 ryder 's stomach sunk as he wondered what the hell this was . 
 was it really just an accidental overdose-which would be bad enough-or was it something darker , something worse ? 
 he said as much to the paramedics , who nodded as if unsurprised . 
 the big one told him , `` we 'll know more once we 're at the hospital . '' 
 `` do you think he 's going to be okay ? '' 
 `` right now his vitals are holding steady . 
 that 's something . 
 but they 'll have to run a bunch of tests before anyone can give you a definitive answer . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 of course . '' 
 he did n't like the sound of that , but there was nothing he could do except wait . 
 nothing any of them could do . 
 `` we 're ready to move him . 
 you 're welcome to ride with us in the ambulance . '' 
 like he 'd be anywhere else . 
 wyatt was his friend , his responsibility . 
 he 'd already f ** ked up with him twice . 
 he was n't going to do it a third time . 
 chapter nineteen jamison was about to jump out of her skin . 
 it seemed like she 'd been waiting for her cell phone to ring for hours , but it had n't . 
 not once . 
 ryder had called jared a few hours ago , told him that wyatt was stable . 
 they were n't yet sure of how much damage he 'd done to himself this time , but he 'd come around . 
 had carried on a short conversation with ryder and while he 'd seemed confused , it had appeared that all synapses were firing . 
 which hopefully was a sign that his brain had n't gone very long without oxygen before they 'd found him . 
 jesus , she could n't believe this , could n't imagine that she was thinking about brain damage and wyatt in the same sentence . 
 if the idiot made it through this okay , she was going to kill him . 
 that 's if ryder did n't do it first . 
 ryder . 
 she sighed heavily even as she worried over him-over what to do for him and about him . 
 she knew something was off between them , had known even when she 'd stood in the little dressing room of horrors . 
 it was why she 'd backed off from comforting him . 
 the last thing she wanted to do was to add more stress to him in the middle of an already terrible situation . 
 god knew , this whole thing with wyatt had to be killing him . 
 it was killing her and she was n't even in the band . 
 part of her wanted to be at the hospital with ryder , supporting him as he dealt with management and pr and all the other shit she knew he had to be going through . 
 but at the same time , there was jared , who was an emotional wreck . 
 she did n't feel comfortable leaving him either . 
 which was why she was sitting here on her bed , hip to hip with him and quinn , both of whom were shoveling in ice cream and watching an old horror movie . 
 quinn had shown up about half an hour ago , after spending three hours at the hospital with ryder as they waited to talk to wyatt 's doctor . 
 micah had texted all of them a few times . 
 he was down the hall in shaken dirty 's suite while they all hung in her single occupancy room-the irony of that was not lost on her -- and he wanted to explain . 
 but none of them were in the mood to listen , least of all jared . 
 her brother had n't said much since they 'd gotten back to the hotel , but she knew he was devastated . 
 he loved victoria , had been so looking forward to a break in the tour so they could plan their wedding . 
 now she was n't sure what he was going to do . 
 was n't sure what any of the guys were going to do , especially now that the tour break seemed to be coming earlier than expected . 
 wyatt was in no shape to go back on the road , that was obvious . 
 and she did n't have a clue how jared would be able to step foot on a stage with micah . 
 she was all for professionalism , and so was he , but for him making music was an intensely private thing , one he only did with people he liked and respected . 
 seeing as how he was probably one step away from wanting to kill micah-a small step , likely-she had no clue how any of this was going to work out . 
 and neither , it seemed , did anyone else . 
 hence the ice cream and horror movie marathon . 
 well , they could cope with the worry any way they wanted . 
 she was tired of waiting around for ryder to contact her . 
 now that quinn was here to hang with jared , she was going to the hospital . 
 if her being there was a problem , she would leave . 
 but she did n't want to leave him there on his own any longer than she had to . 
 getting through security at the hospital was a lot harder than she 'd anticipated . 
 apparently the press and shaken dirty fans both had been making annoyances of themselves , until the hospital had posted security guards all over the floor wyatt was on . 
 without proof that you belonged on the floor , you were n't allowed off the elevator . 
 after trying to talk her way onto the ward to no avail , jamison finally broke down and called ryder . 
 he met her at the elevators two minutes later and that 's when she got her first good look at him since this whole debacle began . 
 her heart nearly broke in half . 
 he looked exhausted , like he 'd been to hell and back in the hours since she 'd last seen him . 
 and he probably had . 
 embarrassment and paparazzi be damned . 
 the second she got off the elevator , she threw her arms around him and held him as tightly as she possibly could . 
 for long seconds , he did n't move-not to hold her back , not to pull away , not even to breathe . 
 and then he shuddered , the tension in his big , muscular body draining in an instant . 
 she was n't sure that he would n't have fallen if she had n't been there to support him . 
 `` how is he ? '' 
 she asked , once he finally let her go . 
 `` addicted to her ** n with a side of suicidal thrown in . '' 
 his answer was flippant , the pain evident in every line of his body anything but . 
 `` how are you ? '' 
 `` not addicted to her ** n or suicidal . '' 
 `` that 's the best you 've got , huh ? '' 
 `` at the moment ? 
 pretty much . 
 yeah . '' 
 `` can i see him ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 but he 's kind of in and out . 
 depending on how the tests go , they 'll be keeping him until tomorrow ... '' `` and then ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` that 's the fifty million dollar question . 
 the backers are pushing for him to finish out this tour before going to rehab - '' `` no ! '' 
 `` exactly my feelings . 
 the label wants him in rehab tomorrow so he 's ready for the big tour in the fall . 
 they 're pushing me to get him into one of three ninety-day programs . 
 they 'll foot the bill for everything ... '' `` but you do n't like the programs ? '' 
 `` shit , i do n't know anything about the programs . 
 i 'm just worried about how i 'm going to get him to go . 
 i do n't think he 's there yet , in his head . '' 
 `` he nearly died today , would have if you had n't gotten there when you did . '' 
 `` more like , he would have died if you had n't gotten there , jamison . '' 
 he lowered his forehead to hers . 
 `` thank you for saving him . '' 
 `` you do n't ever have to thank me for helping . '' 
 `` yeah , well , he sure as hell wo n't , so somebody should . '' 
 he pulled away , paced a few yards down the hallway . 
 as he did , a chill worked its way up her spine , though she could n't have said why . 
 but there was something about the way he walked , the way he looked at her , that made her nervous . 
 `` this is his , '' ryder said a minute later , stopping in front of the only room on the floor with a huge security guard posted in front of it . 
 she nodded , following him inside . 
 wyatt was sound asleep , hooked up to an iv , a blood pressure cuff and a heart monitor . 
 she looked at ryder quizzically . 
 `` he 's been having some arrhythmia . 
 we have to talk to a cardiologist tomorrow , find out if it 's going to be permanent . '' 
 worried tears bloomed in her eyes . 
 she tried to blink them back , but when he stiffened , she knew ryder saw them . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` maybe this was a bad idea . '' 
 he headed for the door . 
 `` i 'm allowed to feel bad for him . 
 for both of you . '' 
 `` do n't feel bad for me . '' 
 someone had to . 
 why could n't he see how much he was hurting ? 
 how much he needed someone to lean on ? 
 `` come on , '' she said after a few minutes passed in total silence . 
 `` i 'll buy you a cup of bad vending machine coffee . '' 
 `` i do n't want coffee . '' 
 there it was again , that tone that told her something very not good was running through ryder 's head . 
 icicles ran down her spine as she forced herself to ask , `` what exactly do you want , then ? '' 
 ... jamison 's question hung in the air between them . 
 though he knew she was waiting for an answer , ryder was having a hard time giving her one . 
 not because he did n't have the words but because-for the first time in his adult life-he really did n't want to say them . 
 and not just because he did n't want to add to this ridiculous shit pile of a day they all had going on here . 
 but , whether he wanted to or not , the words needed to be said . 
 jamison had nearly been hurt once on this tour , had had to deal with groupies and watching one of her closest friends overdose . 
 add in the clusterfuck his head was at right now and it was pretty much a guarantee that he was going to screw up . 
 she would get hurt-he would hurt her-and he did n't want to do that . 
 he could n't - he would n't - fuck up her life the way he 'd f ** ked up carrie 's . 
 the way he 'd f ** ked up his mother 's . 
 after getting the security guard 's reassurance that they would n't be disturbed , he settled her in a chair against the wall in wyatt 's room . 
 a quick check told him his friend was still sleeping peacefully and that the nurse had just been in . 
 all of which meant they would n't be disturbed for a while . 
 it was perfect timing , or at least the best timing he was likely to get . 
 so finally , though it hurt more than he 'd thought possible , ryder opened his mouth and forced out the words that would change everything . 
 `` i think maybe this thing between us has run its course . 
 the tour 's over , we 'll all be heading out to different places . 
 it 's probably time for us to go back to just being friends . '' 
 for long seconds , she did n't say anything , just stared at him with those huge amethyst eyes of hers . 
 he waited for her to tell him off , to call him a bastard , to scream at him for leading her on like all the other women he knew would have done . 
 but in the end jamison did n't do any of those things . 
 she did n't do anything at all , really . 
 just nodded like he 'd told her the weather . 
 or what she 'd expected to hear all along . 
 then she stood up and crossed to him . 
 dropped a light kiss on his cheek . 
 `` okay . '' 
 okay ? 
 that was it ? 
 he felt like he 'd just ripped his f ** king heart out and all she could think to say was okay ? 
 `` i 'm not trying to hurt you , jelly bean . 
 in fact - '' she placed two fingers on his mouth . 
 `` shh , i told you when we started this thing that i was a big girl and i could take care of myself . 
 it 's fine . 
 i 'm fine . 
 but i should probably get going . 
 i want to check on jared , make sure micah and victoria are leaving him alone . '' 
 she walked over to the still-sleeping wyatt and dropped a kiss on his cheek . 
 `` when he wakes up tell him i came by and that i 'll be back tomorrow . '' 
 she headed for the door , pausing only to press a kiss to his cheek as well . 
 `` good night , ryder . '' 
 and then , just like that , she was gone and he was left staring after her , wondering what the hell had just happened . 
 before he could figure it out , wyatt 's voice , weak but with an unmistakable note of authority , rang through the room . 
 `` you 're a f ** king moron . 
 you know that , right ? '' 
 chapter twenty he turned to his friend . 
 `` how long have you been awake ? '' 
 `` long enough to hear you tank the best thing that ever happened to you . '' 
 `` yeah , well , no offense , but i do n't think you 're exactly in the best position to give advice . '' 
 wyatt laughed , but it was a rusty sound , painful to listen to . 
 `` actually , i 'm in the perfect position . 
 in case you have n't noticed , my life 's a f ** king mess . 
 when you find someone who loves you the way jelly bean does , you need to grab onto her , not crush her into the dust . '' 
 `` she did n't seem very crushed to me . '' 
 `` that 's because you were too busy dealing with your own emergency triage to recognize she was doing the same thing . 
 she ran out of here because you ripped her open , not because she did n't give a shit . '' 
 `` you 're wrong . '' 
 `` dude , i 'm wrong about a lot of things . 
 but not this . 
 jamison loves you . 
 she always has-you know it as well as i do . '' 
 yeah , but - `` that did n't exactly feel like love to me . '' 
 `` why ? 
 because she did n't cry all over you ? 
 you 're a bigger a ** hole than i thought if that 's what you want from her . '' 
 `` of course that 's not what i want . '' 
 or at least he did n't think so . 
 he had n't wanted to hurt jamison , had in fact gone out of his way to avoid doing just that . 
 he 'd ending things because he 'd wanted to protect her from his f ** ked up life , from the bad shit that always happened to the people he cared about . 
 and yet , watching her walk away like that had wounded him in a way few things ever had . 
 he felt empty , bereft , and had no idea what to do about it . 
 `` she 's not carrie , you know . 
 she 's stronger than that . 
 and you 're not the same person you were back then , either . '' 
 he wanted to tell wyatt to shut the f ** k up , not to talk about carrie . 
 but he could n't , because if anyone understood her damage-understood what had happened to her and why she 'd chosen suicide over him-it was wyatt . 
 `` she got hurt because i was n't there to protect her . '' 
 `` no . 
 she was raped and beaten because the world is full of f ** ked-upness . 
 and she killed herself because she was n't strong enough to move past it . 
 she lost the light and it 's damn f ** king hard to live without it . '' 
 wyatt 's voice broke and ryder knew he was talking about himself as much as he was carrie . 
 `` that wo n't happen to jamison . 
 you could n't knock that girl off her path with a f ** king baseball bat . '' 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 dead silence . 
 and then , `` what about me ? '' 
 `` you nearly died . '' 
 `` i 'm fine - '' `` jamison and i did f ** king cpr on you , a ** hole . 
 i walked into that room and you were f ** king dead . 
 not unresponsive . 
 not passed out . 
 not fine . 
 you were f ** king dead . 
 you were n't breathing and we could n't find a heartbeat . 
 that is not okay . 
 watching you kill yourself is not okay with me . '' 
 seconds , minutes , ticked by . 
 then `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` yeah , you are . 
 you f ** king dick . '' 
 wyatt laughed weakly . 
 `` for the record , i 'm not okay with watching you throw away the best thing that ever happened to you . '' 
 `` it 's not the same thing . '' 
 `` yeah , it is . 
 in case you have n't noticed , you 're having a damn hard time breathing without her . '' 
 and here he 'd thought the tightness in his chest was the first sign of an impending heart attack . 
 he absently rubbed the area in question . 
 `` it 's better for her to get away from all this . 
 in case you have n't noticed , this life is n't exactly normal . '' 
 wyatt snorted weakly . 
 `` that 's your problem , dude . 
 you have n't figured out that no one 's life is normal . '' 
 `` well are n't you the f ** king philosopher ? '' 
 wyatt ignored his snideness . 
 asked instead , `` do you want her ? '' 
 `` i want what 's best for her . '' 
 `` that 's not what i asked , a ** hole . 
 quit being so damn selfless and answer the question . 
 do . 
 you . 
 want . 
 her ? '' 
 more than he wanted his next breath . 
 why had it taken losing her for him to realize that ? 
 `` yeah . 
 i do . '' 
 `` then go get her . '' 
 `` it 's too late . '' 
 `` she left here a couple minutes ago . 
 if that 's too late then you 're a bigger p ** sy than i thought . 
 get your ass up . 
 go fix this . 
 and then bring her back to me and prove you did it . 
 you do that and i 'll go back to rehab . 
 and this time i 'll actually try to stay sober . '' 
 everything inside ryder froze . 
 that was a bigger concession than wyatt had ever before been willing to make . 
 `` do n't screw with me on this . '' 
 `` i 'm not . 
 but do n't you screw with jamison . 
 i want her to be happy . '' 
 so did he . 
 jesus , so did he . 
 he was n't entirely sure that he was the one to do it , but what if ryder was right ? 
 what if he 'd just broken jamison 's heart and never even knew it ? 
 he could n't live with that . 
 `` i 'll be back in the morning and we 'll talk about which rehab you 're going to . '' 
 `` bullshit . 
 you 'll be back tonight-with jamison-or i 'm going to get out of this bed and kick your ass . '' 
 ryder snorted . 
 `` that 's big talk for a guy in a hospital gown . '' 
 `` do n't make me prove it . 
 nobody needs to see my ass hanging out the back of this thing . '' 
 ... jamison blew her nose on the rough paper towels near the sink , then splashed cold water on her face in an effort to alleviate the redness . 
 it did n't work . 
 she still looked like she 'd been on a three-day crying jag . 
 which at the moment did n't feel that far from the truth . 
 it had been six hours since ryder had ripped her heart out of her chest and this was the first time she 'd been able to go longer than five minutes without bursting into tears . 
 could she be more of a loser ? 
 then again , could he be more of a jerk ? 
 the worst part ? 
 she 'd been holed up in the back of a coffeehouse two blocks from the hospital for the last four hours . 
 when she 'd left the hospital , she 'd originally planned on going straight back to the hotel . 
 but she could n't - not when she was this big of a mess . 
 jared 's whole life had fallen apart that day . 
 the last thing he needed was to deal with his hysterical sister . 
 but there was nowhere else for her to go . 
 so she 'd wandered the streets of suburban houston for two hours , pretending to window shop . 
 but everywhere she went , people stopped her to see if she was all right . 
 damn texans . 
 they were too nice for their own good-or anyone else 's , for that matter . 
 after the sixth person asked her if they could call someone for her , she gave up . 
 thank god she 'd been in front of genuine javas , a coffeehouse equipped with very dark corners and customers who had no trouble minding their own business . 
 but she could n't stay here forever . 
 in the last hour , her phone had blown up with texts from jared , quinn , even ryder himself-all asking if she was okay or demanding to know where she was . 
 normally , she 'd ignore them all , but it had been a hell of a day . 
 the last thing she wanted to do was add to the drama . 
 besides , it was two in the morning and the coffeehouse was about to close . 
 which was why she was now standing in the bathroom , washing her face and trying desperately to erase the damage caused by her six-hour freak out . 
 she 'd texted jared that she was fine and would be back at the hotel soon . 
 but she could n't show up looking like this . 
 not if she did n't want him to wrap his hands around ryder 's throat and squeeze until he was in as bad a shape as wyatt was . 
 while that might have been a little satisfying-okay , more than a little-the fact of the matter was ryder had n't done anything wrong . 
 he 'd warned her going in that the thing between them was just temporary . 
 that it was just for fun . 
 hell , she 'd said the words more than once herself . 
 it was n't his fault that she had let it become more than that . 
 which was her own stupidity . 
 after all , had n't she always known she was n't enough for ryder ? 
 he was a rock and roll god and she , she was just one of the little people . 
 or not so little people if she was being brutally honest . 
 it was n't a shock that he 'd dumped her , just that he 'd ever looked twice at her to begin with . 
 she glanced at the clock on her phone , wondered if the cab she 'd called had shown up yet . 
 figuring there was a good shot it was waiting on her , she wandered outside only to be slapped in the face by the darkly humid heat of a summer night in houston . 
 sure enough , there was a yellow cab waiting next to the handicapped spots . 
 she climbed in , gave the driver the hotel 's name . 
 he nodded , then called in to his dispatcher . 
 she did n't bother to listen to what he was saying-she was exhausted , completely worn out from the emotional roller coaster she 'd ridden all day . 
 settling back against her seat , she closed her eyes and prepared to zone out for the length of the trip . 
 she 'd spent the last six hours locked in her head - not a pretty place at the best of times , let alone after everything that had happened that day-and it was more than time for a break . 
 except the driver did n't seem to understand how tired she was . 
 he 'd barely pulled into traffic before he started fiddling with the radio , moving through a bunch of stations and a lot of static before settling on one that declared it was the home of rock in houston . 
 her stomach pitched and rolled . 
 `` please , '' she said in a voice little above a whisper . 
 `` can you turn that off ? '' 
 with her luck , they 'd play a shaken dirty song , and she just was n't up to hearing ryder 's voice right now . 
 not if she wanted to get to the hotel without having a complete and total emotional breakdown . 
 `` sure , sure , '' the man said in heavily accented english . 
 he tossed a nervous glance over his shoulder at her . 
 `` but this is a good station . 
 good music . '' 
 `` i 'm sure it is . 
 but i have a headache . 
 i do n't want to listen right now . '' 
 `` oh . 
 yes . 
 of course . '' 
 he stopped at a red light , reached for the dial . 
 but instead of turning the radio off , he just played with it for a minute , before tuning it back to the exact same station . 
 she started to ask again , but before she could get the words out , the song ended and the dj came back on . 
 `` that was ` take me ' by darkness . 
 now , we have a special treat for you-an in-studio performance of a brand new song by one of your favorite bands . 
 earlier tonight , ryder matthews , lead singer of shaken dirty , stopped by and did a quick interview with us , which we 'll be playing in its entirety tomorrow morning at eight a.m. `` but he also sang a brand new song for us , one that 's not on any of shaken dirty 's albums . 
 in fact , it 's never been recorded before . 
 so , with no further discussion , here 's ryder matthews singing , ` pieces of you . ' '' 
 confused , jamison froze as the opening chords of a song played on acoustic guitar filled the cab . 
 she knew it was ryder playing-she 'd heard him often enough to recognize his style-but the idea that he 'd stopped by a radio station today made absolutely no sense . 
 not when wyatt was in the hospital . 
 and not after everything that had happened . 
 unless he 'd been trying to do damage control , to get the word out that shaken dirty was just fine , despite the disasters that were recorded in that damn dressing room . 
 but then , why the song ? 
 surely a quick interview would have been enough to at least start on the damage control . 
 she was still trying to figure out what was going on-while feeling like she 'd fallen down a rabbit hole-when ryder 's dark , husky tones filled the car . 
 only it was a ryder that few people ever got to hear , one even she and the other band members did n't see very often . 
 somber , languid , heartbroken , the gravelly roughness of his voice worked its way down her spine before arrowing straight to her heart . 
 silent tears slipped down her face as the wounds she 'd spent all evening cauterizing tore wide open . 
 `` please , '' she choked out . 
 `` please turn it off . '' 
 `` listen , '' the driver told her . 
 `` listen . '' 
 she did n't want to listen . 
 only she did n't have a choice , because he was making no move to turn off the radio and she was in no shape to do it herself . 
 though she did her best to block ryder out , it was only a matter of seconds before the words he sang sunk into her consciousness . 
 `` pieces of you , like a puzzle in my mind - fitting together in a pattern i just ca n't find . 
 the freckles on your cheeks , a perfect dot to dot the words at your fingertips painting pictures that i 've sought . 
 little pieces hold the secrets , little moments hold the clues , to the whispers deep inside yourself and the truth i could n't choose . 
 the sweetness in your touch skimming down my back . 
 the glitter in your eyes that wo n't see all i lack . 
 the fire in your heart , before we turned to frost . 
 the roses in your lips for the kisses that i 've lost . 
 i want to hold you i want to kiss you i want to love you ca n't stand to miss you cuz , baby , needing you is oh-so-easy to do . 
 the pieces all asunder the puzzle a scattered mess your smile a fading memory your love a broken test . 
 little pieces hold the secrets , little moments hold the clues , to the whispers deep inside yourself and the truth i would n't choose . 
 i want to hold you i want to kiss you i want to love you ca n't stand to miss you cuz , baby , loving you is oh-so-easy to do . 
 yes , loving you is the only thing i know to do . '' 
 by the time the song drew to a close , jamison was a mess . 
 she did n't understand , did n't know what it meant . 
 how could he say things like that , how could he sing that song , mere hours after ripping her heart out of her chest ? 
 `` it 's okay , miss . 
 it 's okay . '' 
 the driver handed her a box of tissues . 
 she grabbed a few , used them to wipe from her cheeks tears she had n't even been aware of crying . 
 so much for putting herself back together again . 
 of course , the driver chose that moment to pull up to the curb . 
 she reached into her purse to pay him , when she glanced out the window and realized her hotel was nowhere in sight . 
 she glanced down the street , in case she 'd just gotten the address wrong and he 'd dropped her further up the block . 
 but nothing looked familiar-this was definitely not the right street . 
 `` this is n't my hotel . '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' the driver repeated . 
 `` no . 
 it 's not okay . 
 i need to get to - '' `` here . 
 you need to get here . '' 
 the driver nodded encouragingly , pointed to the door . 
 `` you need to get out now . '' 
 `` no . 
 i need to get to the marriott . 
 it 's on - '' she broke off as the cab door swung open to reveal ryder standing there . 
 `` come with me , '' he told her . 
 `` please . '' 
 for long seconds , she did n't move . 
 did n't breathe . 
 a million questions clamored in her head , but she could n't ask any of them . 
 her tongue was tied into too many knots . 
 he reached for her hand and like a moron , she gave it to him . 
 how could she not when the lyrics of that beautiful song were crashing through her brain over and over again ? 
 she 'd barely climbed out of the cab before ryder was closing the door and it was speeding away into the night . 
 it did n't even occur to her that she had n't paid the driver until he was already gone . 
 ryder moved her slowly down the sidewalk to a concrete and glass bench that was nestled up against the side of a building . 
 above it were the letters of a houston radio station . 
 the same radio station she had just been listening to . 
 `` how ? '' 
 it was the only question she could ask , the only syllable she could force from her tight throat and trembling lips . 
 `` after spending two hours looking for you , i decided to get crafty . 
 i paid off every dispatcher in every cab company in houston so that when one of their cabbies picked up a woman dressed in a pink blouse with long red hair , they would call me . 
 finally , when i was on the brink of ripping out my own vocal chords-not to mention every hair on my head-one of them did . '' 
 jamison nodded like she understood , but she did n't . 
 she knew he was speaking english , but nothing he said made any sense . 
 nothing had made any sense since she 'd heard that song playing on the radio . 
 because if she listened to the lyrics , if she let herself believe them - `` why ? '' 
 it seemed monosyllables were all she was capable of . 
 he stopped in front of her , his eyes searching every detail of her face . 
 and she knew no smile in the world was going to hide the fact that she 'd been crying . 
 `` why ? '' 
 ryder asked , his voice even huskier than it had been while he was singing . 
 `` because i 'm an a ** hole . 
 i 'm sorry , jamison . 
 so , so sorry . '' 
 hope swelled inside of her , but she forced it back down . 
 instead , she swallowed convulsively before whispering , `` for what ? '' 
 `` for breaking your heart . '' 
 that was what she 'd been afraid of . 
 he felt guilty . 
 ryder thought he was such a badass , but when it came to people he cared about , he was notoriously softhearted . 
 and she knew he cared about her . 
 too bad it was n't in the way she needed him to . 
 but still , she could n't let him feel guilty . 
 shaking her head , she pressed a hand to her mouth in an effort to stifle the sobs that were ripping at her throat . 
 `` i broke my own heart , ryder . '' 
 `` no . 
 no , you did n't . '' 
 his hands closed convulsively over her shoulders . 
 `` i f ** ked up . 
 i got scared and i f ** ked up and i hurt you . 
 i 'm so sorry that i hurt you . '' 
 `` it does n't matter - '' `` oh , it matters . 
 it matters because you matter . 
 more than anyone ever has . '' 
 `` do n't do this . 
 do n't lie to me because you feel sorry for me . '' 
 `` feel sorry for you ? 
 how could i feel sorry for you ? 
 you 're strong and smart and kind - '' `` i 'm not a damn dog ! '' 
 the words burst from her before she knew she was going to say them . 
 but she was so sick of being described like less than a woman just because she was n't sexy enough or beautiful enough . 
 he stared at her , obviously baffled . 
 `` what does that even mean ? '' 
 `` i 'm a woman , ryder . '' 
 `` believe me , i am well aware of that . '' 
 he lowered his head , brushed his beautiful mouth over hers . 
 and fool that she was , she let him . 
 she hated herself for it , but she was powerless to stop him . 
 `` i thought we covered this the other day . 
 you 're beautiful to me , jamison . 
 the most beautiful person on earth . '' 
 `` then why did you dump me like that ? 
 in the middle of wyatt 's hospital room ? 
 why did you let me feel like nothing ? '' 
 `` no , baby , no . 
 you 're not nothing . 
 i am . '' 
 he pressed tender kisses on her forehead , her eyes , her cheeks , her mouth . 
 `` i 'm the a ** hole who let all the baggage i carry around get twisted up in my head . 
 i thought you 'd be safe if i let you go . 
 thought you 'd be better off . '' 
 her heart thawed out despite her best intentions . 
 how could it not when he was looking at her like that , baring his soul to her in a way she knew he hated . 
 `` what about now ? '' 
 `` now , i 'm just plain terrified that i f ** ked up what we could have . 
 i love you , jamison . 
 i love everything i know about you , even the way you organize your damn recipes alphabetically . 
 i want to spend the next fifty years learning everything there is to know about you , so that i can love you more every day . '' 
 `` ryder - '' `` please , '' he told her . 
 `` i know i should step back , give you time to think , to make an educated choice . 
 but i ca n't . 
 please , jamison . 
 please say you 'll give me another chance . '' 
 oh god . 
 her heart was breaking all over again . 
 he was saying everything she needed to hear , everything she 'd wanted him to say for days , for years . 
 but she did n't know if it was real . 
 did n't know if she could trust him or his feelings for her . 
 how could she when he was ryder freaking matthews and she was just the girl who 'd loved him most of her life ? 
 `` i love you and i know you love me . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` please . 
 tell me you love me . '' 
 `` it does n't make any difference . '' 
 `` it makes every difference . 
 i never knew i could feel about anyone the way i feel about you . 
 it 's so huge , so monumental , that it terrifies me . 
 because you see me . 
 you see all the way inside of me to places nobody else even knows exist . 
 and i ca n't understand , ca n't imagine , what someone like you could possibly see in someone like me . '' 
 `` that 's because you always see yourself all wrong . '' 
 she started crying all over again . 
 `` i wish , for one minute , you could see yourself the way that i see you . 
 you 're like a shooting star , brilliant and dazzling and completely unattainable . 
 you streak across the sky , traveling faster than the speed of light and then - '' `` and then i burn myself out . '' 
 `` that 's not what i meant . '' 
 `` no , but that 's what 's going to happen if you leave me . 
 we both know it . 
 you think i 'm so special - '' `` you are special . '' 
 `` not without you . 
 never without you . '' 
 `` ryder . 
 you 're asking me for everything . '' 
 `` i am . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` yes . 
 but i 'm offering you everything i have in return . 
 everything i am . 
 everything i 'll ever be . '' 
 he pressed a kiss to her forehead . 
 pressed another one to her cheek before sliding his lips down her cheek and across her jaw to her own mouth . 
 he dropped soft , sweet kisses on her lips until her head spun and her breath caught in her throat . 
 and then he did it again . 
 `` trust me , '' he urged again . 
 `` i swear , i wo n't let you down . '' 
 she stared at him , dizzy and disturbed and terrified , so terrified of laying her heart on the line one more time . 
 but as she stared at him , at his dark and dazzling eyes , at the soft and sexy smile that she knew he never showed to anyone else , she realized he was right . 
 loving him was very easy to do . 
 reaching for him , she clutched his hands tightly in her own . 
 `` i love you , '' she told him . 
 `` i 've always loved you and i always will . 
 i love the man you are , and the man i know you can be . 
 i trust you , ryder , and i want to build a life with you . 
 i wo n't lose sight of that again . '' 
 `` thank god . '' 
 he dropped his head to hers , pulled in shuddering breath after shuddering breath . 
 `` thank god . '' 
 jamison reached up , tangled her fingers in the silky hair she loved so much . 
 `` take me back to the hotel , '' she whispered as she pressed her lips to his . 
 `` we 'll kick jared and quinn out of my room . 
 or , better yet , just get a new one . '' 
 `` that 's a great plan , baby , '' he said between kisses . 
 `` one i can whole-heartedly get behind . 
 but we have a stop to make first . '' 
 `` a stop ? 
 where ? '' 
 `` i 'll explain on the way . '' 
 he dragged her around the corner to where a limousine was waiting . 
 he held the door open for her and as he did , he smiled and once again it took her breath away . 
 because it was n't his stage smile , was n't the smile he gave a million different people . 
 no , this was ryder at his most open , most vulnerable . 
 it weakened her knees and sped up her heart . 
 this time it did more than that . 
 it made her believe in happily ever after , not just for other people , but for herself . 
 for ryder . 
 she could n't wait to see that smile every day for the rest of her life . 
 because finally she believed . 
 she was n't the perfect rocker 's wife-not by a long shot . 
 but that was just fine , because ryder was a far cry from being the perfect rocker . 
 it was only together that they were perfect . 
 and that was more than enough for her . 
