 one up , down . 
 round and around . 
 rinse and repeat . 
 that was our pattern . 
 that was our world . 
 with a guy like jude ryder at my side , the lows in life were lower and the highs were higher . 
 this was our reality , our story ... our love story . 
 we fought ; we made up . 
 we messed up ; we apologized . 
 we lived ; we learned . 
 jude and i had made a lot of mistakes in the history of our relationship , but one thing we always seemed to get right ? 
 our all-consuming love for each other . 
 this was my life . 
 and you know what ? 
 life was pretty damn good . 
 even despite the fact that i had no clue where i was . 
 `` what are you up to ? '' 
 i whispered back to jude , continuing to let him lead me into the black hole . 
 `` something you 'll love , '' he replied , squeezing my shoulders as he steered me along . 
 my heels began to echo around me . 
 so we were in a tunnel , but what tunnel was totally beyond me , because jude had made me close my eyes the moment i 'd answered the door this evening . 
 other than driving around in his ancient rumble-wagon of a truck for the better part of a friday date night , i 'd lost my bearings in every way a girl could ever lose them . 
 given the fact that jude ryder was my fiance , my bearings had been a tad off-kilter for the past few years , but they were especially off the grid tonight . 
 did this tunnel have an end ? 
 the longer we continued down it , the louder my footsteps echoed around us . 
 `` is whatever you 're up to illegal ? '' 
 i asked , not sure i really wanted to know . 
 `` is that a trick question ? '' 
 he said , sounding amused . 
 `` is that a trick answer ? '' 
 he did n't respond immediately . 
 instead , i felt his mouth warm the skin at the base of my neck . 
 one full breath out , and one full breath in , slow and deep and suffocating , before his lips grazed the heated patch of skin . 
 i tried not to react like his touch was hardwired to drive every bit of me crazy , but even after years together , jude could still unravel me with one touch . 
 my skin was pricking to life with tiny goose bumps that trailed down to my lower back when his mouth pulled away . 
 `` there will most certainly be high points tonight that could be classified as illegal in every one of the bible belt states , '' he said , his voice low with desire . 
 not quite as rough as it got when he needed me right then and there ; it was still restrained enough that i knew he was n't going to throw me up against the nearest wall and start fisting up my skirt before we got a step farther . 
 `` does that answer your question ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said , trying to sound controlled . 
 trying to sound like he had n't made my stomach clench with desire from one kiss . 
 `` it does n't answer my question . 
 so let 's try this again ... '' i cleared my throat , reminding myself i was trying to sound unaffected . 
 `` in whatever never-ending hallway you 're leading me down , toward whatever location you 're aiming to wind up at , could either one of these trespasses be considered illegal if we were to be tried in court ? '' 
 he did n't make a noise , but i knew he was trying to contain a chuckle . 
 one of those low , rumbling ones that vibrated through my body when he was pressed up against me . 
 `` since you put it that way ... '' he started , stopping me suddenly . 
 his hands left my shoulders and tapped my eyelids . 
 `` yes . 
 it could be . 
 however , '' he said , `` they 'd have to catch us first . 
 open your eyes , babe . '' 
 i blinked my eyes a few times to make sure what i was seeing was real . 
 after another half dozen blinks , i could be reasonably certain that what my eyes were taking in was , in fact , real . 
 we were inside the carrier dome , just at the mouth of one of the tunnels . 
 however , this was the dome like i 'd never seen it in the past three years of attending almost every home game . 
 at the center of the field , right at the fifty , a blanket was spread out , and what looked like a picnic basket rested in one corner . 
 a smattering of white candles in clear jars were dotted around the blanket . 
 it was still , silent , and peaceful . 
 not the first three words you 'd usually use to describe a college football arena . 
 and this was n't the place a girl expected her fiance would take her on a big surprise date he 'd wanted her to get dressed up for . 
 i grinned . 
 not what i 'd expected , but exactly what i wanted . 
 `` what do you think ? 
 this worth ` illegal ' ? '' 
 he asked , winding his arms around my waist and tucking his chin over my shoulder . 
 i could n't take my eyes off the candlelit scene in front of me . 
 a picnic on the fifty-yard line . 
 i knew it might not have ranked in the top-ten desired dates for most girls , but it hit the number-one spot for this girl . 
 `` it 's only illegal if we get caught , '' i answered , turning my head so he could see my smile , before breaking free of his arms and jogging over to the blanket . 
 this was the first time i 'd been down on the field since jude and i got engaged our freshman year of college , but it really did seem like it had been only a handful of days ago . 
 i 'd discovered another one of life 's cliches by being with jude : the happier you are in life , the faster it passes you by . 
 life was one sick bastard if happy people were repaid with a life that seemed short . 
 short life or long life , it did n't matter-i was n't giving up jude either way . 
 at the twenty-five-yard line , i spun around , continuing to jog backward . 
 jude was still at the mouth of the tunnel , watching me with a grin , appearing as enamored by me as he had on the day he 'd confessed his love . 
 that look , more than any of the others , got to me in all the ways a guy 's look was supposed to `` get '' to his girl . 
 i perused the stands one more time to make sure we were alone . 
 it felt so damn open in here , which was unnerving , but how many times could a girl say she 'd been with the number-one-ranked college quarterback in the nation right on the fifty-yard line ? 
 yeah , this was a once-in-a-lifetime deal , and i was n't going to let it pass me by . 
 inhaling a slow breath , i reached for the hem of my sweater and started sliding it up my stomach . 
 jude 's expression changed instantly . 
 his forehead lined deeper and one corner of his mouth twitched . 
 raising a brow , i lifted the rest of my sweater , tugging it over my head and dropping it onto the astroturf . 
 my adrenaline was pumping . 
 the anticipation of having jude with me set it off , and the thrill of being here was firing it to new heights . 
 winding my arms behind my back , i unclasped my bra . 
 it snapped free , sliding down my arms to join the sweater at my feet . 
 jude was n't looking at my face any longer . 
 wetting his lips , he started toward me . 
 i started my backward journey again , flicking him a coy smile . 
 i was going to have fun with him , draw this out . 
 get even with him for what he so often did to me . 
 he stopped as soon as i started moving away , staring at me like he knew exactly what game i was playing and he both loved and hated being a pawn in it . 
 pausing just long enough to step out of my heels , i slid my thumbs under the waist of my skirt and lowered it down my hips , slowing just enough to gather the material of my panties with it . 
 i let both skirt and underwear gather at my ankles . 
 jude 's eyes drifted lower , his chest rising and falling noticeably , even from where i stood thirty yards away from him . 
 when his eyes did shift back to mine , they were dark with one thing . 
 absolute need . 
 his body sprang to action as he burst onto the field after me , running at the same pace he did when he was playing a game . 
 i turned and laughed with every step as i ran away from him . 
 it was a futile effort , running from jude-both right now , and in life in general . 
 jude always caught up with me . 
 sometimes he gave me a head start , but he never let me get too far . 
 this time , i barely made it ten yards before i felt his strong arms cinch around me . 
 a shout of surprise punctuated my laughter as he pulled me hard against him . 
 not only had he managed to cover thirty yards in the time it had taken me to sprint less than a third of that , he 'd removed his shirt in the process . 
 the heat coming off his chest warmed my back , and the movement of his muscles against me as he breathed in and out warmed everything else . 
 `` going somewhere ? '' 
 he said , nudging at my neck until i gave him better access to it . 
 `` anywhere , '' i answered , letting my head fall back against him when his mouth smoothed down the arch of my neck . 
 `` as long as you 're with me . '' 
 i felt his smile against my skin . 
 his hands slid lower , pausing when they reached my hips . 
 `` how would you feel about ` anywhere ' being on that blanket over there ? '' 
 everything south of my navel tightened . 
 `` i 'd say even if i was n't so sure , you 'd keep trying to persuade me , '' i said , gliding my hands down his forearms , pausing to weave my fingers through his where they still rested over my hips . 
 he pressed harder against my back . 
 `` you 'd be right , '' he said , skimming our hands up my stomach as he steered us toward the blanket . 
 our hands did n't stop until they slid beneath one of my br ** sts , molding around it . 
 nipping at the skin of my neck , he picked up his pace until we were weaving through the glowing candles . 
 at the edge of the blanket , jude spun me around . 
 his mouth parted , as he sucked in streams of air in quick bursts . 
 this was his tortured look . 
 when he could n't have me fast enough . 
 it was a look i tried to savor , because it never lasted long . 
 i could only hold jude off for so long before me , him , or both of us gave up trying to prolong the inevitable . 
 `` damn , luce , '' he breathed , stroking my cheek with his hand . 
 `` you 're so beautiful . '' 
 i smiled . 
 not so much at what he said , but at the way he said it . 
 jude conveyed his emotions and intentions in words and expressions that did unhealthy things to a girl 's heart . 
 `` if you 're trying to convince me with a little foreplay , i 'll let you in on a secret , '' i said , winding my arms around the back of his neck . 
 `` you 're going to get lucky no matter what you say or do , so you can save the sweet nothings for a time when you 've pissed me off and are trying to get a little makeup sex . '' 
 he chuckled , his gray eyes darkening with every passing touch . 
 `` i do n't seem to remember it requiring sweet nothings to ever get you - '' `` oh , shut up already , '' i interrupted , smirking up at him . 
 one corner of his mouth curved higher . 
 `` why do n't you make me ? '' 
 he challenged , his gaze dropping to my lips . 
 pressing harder into him , i let my fingers ski down the plane of his stomach , settling on the fly of his jeans . 
 tugging the button free , i slid my hand inside as my lips covered his mouth , a groan escaping it . 
 that shut him right up . 
 two jude 's head reclined in my lap as he crunched into an apple and stared at the ceiling of the dome . 
 he was still nak * d from the waist up , but his jeans had n't made it all the way off . 
 apparently we had n't been able to justify waiting the three seconds it would have taken to free him of them before we could get down to business . 
 we were n't big believers in delayed gratification . 
 i 'd wrangled myself back into my sweater and skirt before we 'd exchanged one hunger for another and dived into the picnic basket , although my panties and bra still littered the thirty-yard line . 
 `` tomorrow 's the big day , '' he said around another bite of apple . 
 the air smelled like the tangy sweetness of the fruit in his mouth . 
 not able to resist , i leaned down to kiss him , wanting to taste the aroma . 
 it was even better combined with the taste of his mouth . 
 he was oozing that notorious jude ryder ego when i leaned back . 
 he knew what he did to me . 
 and he loved it . 
 i loved it too , although i did n't love how well he knew it . 
 `` tomorrow i could be a first-round draft pick , luce , '' he continued , circling my ankle with his fingers . 
 `` we could be millionaires in twenty-four hours . '' 
 i had to force myself not to visibly wince . 
 this talk-the draft , the money , the lifestyle-had been an area of contention this past year with the likelihood of jude 's being drafted into pro ball . 
 i was n't so sure how i felt about it , but jude was sure enough for both of us . 
 trouble was , his confidence was n't rubbing off on me . 
 if anything , the more confident he became , the less i felt . 
 money had the potential to change things . 
 it had the potential to change people . 
 i was worried about how all that money might change us . 
 i loved him , and me , and us , just the way we were now . 
 jude 's being drafted his junior year of college was a one-in-a-million kind of an opportunity , the kind of thing college players would sell their souls to achieve . 
 but it also meant he 'd be dropping out of school . 
 he 'd made it this far ; a part of me wanted to see him finish his degree-astound all those people back home who 'd always pegged him as a high school dropout . 
 playing in the nfl had been a dream of jude 's forever . 
 i could n't postpone his dream any more than he could mine . 
 `` from dining on peanut-butter sandwiches tonight to twenty-ounce , grade-a prime filet tomorrow night , '' he continued , his face almost glowing as his eyes drifted off to money-land . 
 `` we could get a new place , a new fancy-ass car . 
 we could take a vacation to hawaii . 
 fly first-class and shit . 
 think about it , luce . 
 anything we want , we can have . 
 anytime we want it . 
 no more scrambling around getting grease under our fingernails or waiting tables late at night to pay the electric bill . '' 
 he paused , a contented smile settling deeper into his face . 
 `` we could have it all , baby . '' 
 i swallowed . 
 `` i thought we already did . '' 
 my voice sounded sadder than i meant it to . 
 the skin between jude 's eyebrows puckered . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he asked , his gaze zeroing in on me . 
 `` i thought we already had it all , '' i repeated . 
 `` i 've been on both sides of the money line , and the only thing it changes is your zip code . 
 it ca n't make you happy if you were n't without it . '' 
 `` well , i 've been on the losing side of the money game my whole life , and i know for a fact that money can make your life better if you ca n't even find enough quarters in the couch cushions to do a load of laundry at the local suds n ' wash. '' dropping his apple to the side , he sat up and turned until he was facing me . 
 the candlelight flickered around him , shadowing the crevasses of his muscles , highlighting the peaks of them , and made the sharp lines of his jaw even more defined . 
 a man like jude should n't be classified as beautiful , but in moments like this , he kind of was . 
 jude ryder . 
 my beautiful fiance . 
 he was waiting for me to respond . 
 `` okay , so money can make your life better if you 're destitute , '' i said , prying my eyes from where they traced the grooves of his ab muscles . 
 `` but we 're not destitute , jude . 
 we 're college students with a roof over our heads , gasoline in our tanks , ramen noodles in our cupboards , and shirts on our backs . 
 i could n't imagine being any happier than i am right now , and if it was possible , money would certainly be the last thing on that list that could make me more so . '' 
 i grabbed the plastic wineglass jude had filled from a cheap bottle of sparkling wine and took a sip . 
 it was delicious . 
 i was as happy with a five-dollar bottle of sparkling wine from the drugstore as i would have been with the finest bottle of champagne money could buy . 
 `` no , we 're not destitute , but we 're not thriving in the money department either , luce , '' he said , grabbing my hand and pulling it into his lap . 
 `` and you 're right that money could n't make me happier than i am right now . '' 
 he smiled so big it made the scar on his cheek pucker . 
 `` but it does mean i can finally be rid of my piece-of-shit truck and get a jacked-up , three-hundred-and-fifty-horsepower jet-black monster truck . '' 
 i rolled my eyes and shoved at him . 
 `` and we can trade in that little go-kart of yours for a zippy convertible , '' he continued . 
 `` i like my mazda , '' i muttered , plucking a grape free from the vine and popping it into my mouth . 
 `` and we can afford a house with a room for each day of the year , with so many maids and butlers you would n't have to lift a finger again . 
 unless it was to call for a fresh-squeezed orange juice . '' 
 he was really on a roll , the words spilling out of his mouth as his eyes sparkled with the visions . 
 my own eyes were narrowing as my stomach twisted . 
 `` money changes people , jude , '' i whispered , staring into my cup . 
 we were silent as we let that settle between us . 
 `` that 's what you 're worried about ? '' 
 he said , his voice soft . 
 `` that the money will change you ? '' 
 i shook my head , focusing on the bubbles that crept up the sides of the cup . 
 `` no , '' i said , before looking into his eyes . 
 `` that it will change you . '' 
 his eyes narrowed for the shortest second before they widened with understanding . 
 winding an arm around my neck , he pulled me to him . 
 `` come here , '' he whispered outside my ear , wrapping his other arm around my back . 
 `` the only thing that could change me is you , luce , '' he said . 
 `` you , not anything else . 
 mountains of money included . '' 
 i heard the grin in his voice . 
 `` no matter what happens tomorrow or how many millions they throw at me , i 'm the same guy i am right now . '' 
 he rubbed my back , pressing slow circles into my spine . 
 `` i 'll just be picking you up in a truck you wo n't be embarrassed to be seen in . '' 
 `` i 've never been embarrassed to be seen with you , '' i said , letting him tuck my head under his chin . 
 `` not even in that sorry excuse for scrap metal of a truck . '' 
 he barked out a laugh . 
 `` good to know , luce . 
 good to know . '' 
 three `` how are you not nervous ? '' 
 i hissed over at jude , where he stood casually leaning against a wall . 
 we were in the infamous green room on the first night of the draft . 
 reaching his hand out for mine , he lifted a shoulder . 
 `` the coaches already know who they 're picking . 
 there 's nothing i can do now to change that . '' 
 once i grabbed his hand , he tugged me close and folded me tight against him . 
 `` however , i 'm starting to get nervous you 're about to pass out any second . '' 
 that was n't so far off . 
 i reminded myself to breathe . 
 `` as long as you keep holding on to me like this , at least i wo n't crack my head open if i do . '' 
 his arms fastened tighter around me before he started to sway in time to an imaginary beat . 
 `` you can dance in front of hundreds of people and not break a sweat , '' he said . 
 the movement was relaxing me . 
 `` but your fiance is waiting for the phone call to see which city he 'll be moving to so he can kick some big-time football ass , and you 're a thin line away from losing it . '' 
 pressing a kiss to my temple , he leaned his forehead into mine with a small shake of his head . 
 `` just when i think i 've got you all figured out , lucy larson . '' 
 my laugh sounded manic . 
 probably because that was how i felt . 
 `` i have to keep you on your toes somehow . '' 
 jude 's eyebrows moved against my forehead . 
 `` you excel at that , luce . '' 
 that tone again . 
 the undercurrent that revealed he was trying to say something else . 
 there 'd been an increasing amount of `` undercurrent '' the past few months . 
 `` meaning ? '' 
 i asked , peaking my own brows so they were as high as his . 
 i reminded myself we were n't alone , that we were surrounded by the best players in college football , along with their closest family and friends . 
 this was neither the place nor the time to get into one of our spats . 
 `` meaning if you did n't keep me on my toes every second of every day , i 'd have figured out a way to get you down the aisle by now , '' he said , and it all clicked into place . 
 he was sulking because he did n't have me barefoot and pregnant in the kitchen yet . 
 okay , so `` barefoot and pregnant '' might have been an exaggeration , but there was no denying that jude wanted me to be his wife the second after i 'd agreed to marry him . 
 he 'd only been asking , begging , whining , and , as of late , sulking when i replied , `` not yet . '' 
 it did n't have anything to do with my not wanting to marry him . 
 jude was going to be my husband . 
 i was going to be mrs. jude ryder one day . 
 i just was n't ready for that day to be today . 
 or yesterday . 
 or tomorrow , for that matter . 
 i wanted to finish school and have a few years of actual on-the-job dance experience before i became a mrs. i did n't want to be known as the one girl in the history of the twenty-first century to have gone to school to get an mrs degree . 
 so my answer was , `` not yet . '' 
 but one day . 
 however , this was n't what jude liked to hear . 
 so instead of arguing back with my list of valid reasons for postponing marriage , i redirected the conversation . 
 i 'd become a diversion ninja . 
 `` and if i had n't kept you on your toes the past three years , you would n't be about to be a first-round pick and to sign your life away for mountains of money , '' i replied , throwing his words back at him . 
 `` come on , luce . 
 i 'm growing tired of the whole , stop , drop , and divert routine , '' he said , looking down at me , but still keeping me close . 
 `` marriage is n't the end of the world . '' 
 `` then why do you keep acting like my not wanting to tie the knot tomorrow is ? '' 
 `` because your saying ` not now ' is the end of the world , '' he said , fighting a smile . 
 `` come on , baby . 
 marry me , '' he said , not like a question but like a command . 
 i did n't reply , letting the seconds tick off in silence around us . 
 `` marry me ? '' 
 he repeated , this time as a plea . 
 it crushed me a little bit every time , jude pleading with me to marry him . 
 `` i 'm going to marry you , '' i answered . 
 he smirked at me . 
 `` when ? '' 
 i smirked back . 
 `` soon . '' 
 `` can i get that in writing ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` maybe a date , a time , and a location ? 
 you know , just so i can make sure to be there when the marrying mood strikes you ? '' 
 he looked away , the lightness in his eyes shadowing . 
 dammit . 
 we 'd officially crossed from his being marginally upset to full-on hurt . 
 i hated that jude felt this way , but i could n't cave . 
 i could n't get married because i felt guilty . 
 that would be a marriage doomed to failure , and when i said , `` i do , '' it was going to be a onetime deal . 
 `` jude ryder , '' i said , tilting his chin until he was looking at me . 
 `` are you having an insecure moment ? 
 i thought you were immune to those . '' 
 i tried on a smile , but it felt superficial . 
 `` are you worried i 'm not going to marry you ? '' 
 even my light tone sounded artificial , too saccharine to be believable . 
 leaning the back of his head into the wall , he lifted his face toward the ceiling . 
 he could n't look at me , or did n't want to , but his arms never loosened their hold . 
 and i knew , no matter what was said or done , they never would . 
 that was one of the many reasons i loved this man . 
 `` i 'm starting to worry , '' he said finally , shifting his gaze around the room , pretending he was interested in the handful of players pacing the room like caged lions , and their respective entourages of family and friends attempting , and failing , to calm them . 
 `` jude , '' i said , pulling his chin back to me . 
 `` jude , look at me . '' 
 i waited for him to turn to me . 
 i caught a glimpse of just how vulnerable jude ryder was . 
 how very terrified he was of one day being abandoned by the person he loved most . 
 how the ghosts of his past-his mother leaving and his father being imprisoned-had been resurrected by my indecision . 
 seeing him this way almost had me running off to the nearest wedding chapel . 
 almost . 
 i had to bite my tongue to keep from saying the words i knew would have soothed his pain instantly . 
 i carefully thought of new ones i hoped would appease him . 
 `` i 'm marrying you one day . 
 one day sooner rather than later , '' i began , holding his gaze , not even allowing myself a blink that would break the contact . 
 `` there 's never been a question that i 'm yours . 
 yeah , we 're not husband and wife yet , but i 'm yours . 
 and you 're mine . 
 does a new title and a piece of paper really matter that much ? '' 
 i already knew jude 's answer to this . 
 `` yes , '' he said , his jaw clenching as his eyes flashed . 
 `` shit , yes , it does , luce . '' 
 i flinched from the intensity of his tone . 
 `` i want you in every way a person can be with another . 
 every way , '' he said , his voice low . 
 `` i want you as my wife . 
 my . 
 wife , '' he repeated , as territorial jude burst free of his cage . 
 territorial jude had a way of bringing out temperamental lucy . 
 `` and then what ? 
 i get a new apron and spatula every christmas and you pee on my leg every day before going to work , to mark your territory ? '' 
 i snapped back , aware there were others around us within hearing distance , but not caring at this point . 
 `` dammit , luce , '' jude seethed , working his tongue into his cheek . 
 `` do n't you do that crazy luce thing and twist my words all the hell up . 
 if i wanted some submissive , respectful little housewife i sure as shit would n't have fallen in love with you . '' 
 he was a few notches below a shout , but i knew that would n't last , since i was planning to respond with a few choice four-letter words , followed by telling him to stick his head where the sun did n't shine . 
 and then his cell phone rang . 
 a silence fell over the room . 
 our argument was over as quickly as it had started . 
 sliding his phone from his pocket , jude glanced at me . 
 his eyes were wide with excitement , sparkling with anticipation . 
 this was the call he 'd waited for , for the better part of three years . 
 he 'd left his heart and sweat and blood on the field after every game in his college career , and now those sacrifices were about to be paid back in spades . 
 or dollar bills . 
 he flashed me a quick smile and drew me closer with the arm he still had wound around me . 
 his eyes flickered to his phone . 
 they widened further . 
 `` san diego , '' he whispered , examining the screen again . 
 his smile split his face in half . 
 leaning his head back , he hooted with all his might , filling the silent room with celebration . 
 i nodded my head in encouragement , mustering up a smile for him . 
 this was what he wanted ; this team was his first choice . 
 he deserved this . 
 he needed my support . 
 answering the call , he held it to his ear . 
 `` sir , you just drafted yourself the hardest-working son of a bitch you 'll ever come across . '' 
 my mouth dropped , but only a little . 
 i 'd learned years ago that when it came to jude , he never said or did what was expected . 
 the caller on the other end said something , earning a few laughs from jude . 
 `` i 'm going to win you some championships , sir , '' he said , beaming into the phone . 
 `` thank you for taking a chance on me . '' 
 other than jude 's voice and my heart beating out of my chest , the room was still . 
 everyone had stopped pacing and turned to watch us . 
 most of the players looked happy for him , nodding their heads in acknowledgment , although a few were wearing sour expressions , no doubt confused as to why jude ryder had gotten the call before they had . 
 i could give them an answer : it was because jude was the top-rated college quarterback in the nation and he believed in teamwork , unlike a growing number of showboaters who thought football was a one-man sport . 
 ending the call , jude 's face was blank with shock ; then it quickly morphed to the most exhilarated i 'd ever seen it . 
 hanging his head back , jude opened his mouth and let out a coyote call at rafter-shaking volume . 
 the room erupted with cheers , but even with dozens of other shouts , jude 's hollers still owned the room . 
 i could n't help it : seeing him like this , overcome with excitement , i had to join in . 
 not even all my apprehension and anxiety could dim my joy in this moment . 
 leaning my own head back , i screamed right along with him and threw my arms into the air . 
 he 'd done it . 
 he had n't only done it ; he 'd been a first-round draft pick . 
 from troubled repeat felon to one of the most sought after and , although he had n't told me the number yet , probably one of the highest-paid football players in the country . 
 this was the stuff american dreams were made of , and i got to experience it at his side . 
 lifting me into the air like i was nothing more substantial than a football , jude spun me around . 
 `` we did it , luce , '' he yelled up at me , his scar pinched deep into his cheek from the smile he wore . 
 `` we really did it . '' 
 and this was where jude and i had different opinions . 
 i thought we 'd been doing it , doing great , all along . 
 but i returned his smile and nodded my head . 
 `` yeah , baby , '' i said . 
 `` we did it . '' 
 four we were at the airport having another gut-wrenching good-bye . 
 cue the deja vu fairy . 
 at least this one did n't consist of jude busting through security wearing a hospital gown , although i was crying right now about as hard as i had then . 
 `` why are you crying , luce ? '' 
 jude whispered into my ear , clutching me like he was afraid to let me go . 
 i cinched my arms tighter around him , sniffling into his wet shirt . 
 not damp , not even tearstained , it was totally drenched on one side . 
 `` i 've got something in my eye . '' 
 `` there 's my tough girl , '' he said , the smile apparent in his voice . 
 i felt anything but tough right now , anything but strong , but if it was easier for him to believe i was , then i could play along . 
 `` you 're gon na miss your flight , '' i said , swallowing around the lump that was lodged midway down my throat . 
 `` there 's another one , '' he said . 
 `` training does n't start until tomorrow , so it does n't matter what time i get in tonight . '' 
 he was n't being flippant . 
 jude would n't have any problem missing his flight and snagging a later one if it meant staying like this a little while longer . 
 but if he got in late tonight , he 'd be beat tomorrow morning for his first practice , and he needed to be at his best . 
 san diego had to know from day one that they 'd made the right decision . 
 first impressions were everything and second impressions meant nothing . 
 `` no , '' i said , making myself lift my head from his chest , `` you ca n't miss your flight . 
 so you 'd better get going . '' 
 i swatted his backside and looked up into his face . 
 his forehead was lined when he looked back at me . 
 `` yeah , i know . 
 i 'm one ugly crier , '' i admitted , pasting on a smile . 
 `` i ca n't leave you like this , '' he said , swiping a tear with his thumb . 
 `` i 've walked away from you too many times when i should n't have . 
 when you needed me . 
 i wo n't do it again . '' 
 these were n't just words to him . 
 jude never said or did anything as a mere formality . 
 he was dead serious that he was not leaving , flight or no flight , with me in my current state of blubbering mess . 
 i needed to be strong for him , like he had for me countless times before . 
 blinking my eyes , i swiped them with the end of my sweater sleeve . 
 forcing my mouth into what felt like a convincing smile , i met his stare . 
 the corners of his eyes were creased with concern , the rest of his expression a rung below tortured . 
 this should have been a celebration moment , but i 'd bulldozed right through it , thanks to my tears . 
 our lives were about to change , to take a one-eighty , and while every other human being who walked the earth would have considered a seven-figure contract playing for one of the top teams in the league to be the best kind of one-eighty a couple could make , i felt the opposite . 
 money and fame did things to people . 
 transformed them . 
 and while i had complete faith in jude , i had no faith in the world he was about to be thrust into . 
 football players as a species attracted women . 
 quarterbacks who made millions playing sunday-night football were swarmed by any and every brand of fantasy female created . 
 jude was leaving for california , the mecca for beautiful girls , and the last image he 'd have of me was a red-faced lucy with her bed hair tied back in a ponytail , sporting pajamas , since we 'd slept in and nearly missed the flight . 
 speaking of flights ... jude needed to get his butt through security in about two minutes . 
 `` go on . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 he made a face . 
 `` better than fine , '' i clarified , smirking up at him . 
 `` go kick some big-time ass . 
 show them what a bunch of overpaid , talentless pansies they are . '' 
 lifting up on my toes , i pressed my lips into his . 
 hunger for more jude overwhelmed me , as it always did when we kissed . 
 four years together , and i still felt every kiss all the way down to my toes . 
 he had a gift , and i was n't shy about accepting it . 
 `` two weeks before i get to see you again , '' he said against my mouth , dropping his hands to my hips . 
 `` better make it a good one . 
 a really good one . '' 
 my smile curved against his mouth . 
 better make it a good one had been our go-to farewell for the past four years whenever we 'd had to say good-bye for any amount of time . 
 it was a bittersweet moment , but one i never let pass me by without giving it my all . 
 this time , especially , was no exception . 
 running my fingers down his neck , i pulled him closer . 
 `` you 'd better make it a good one . '' 
 `` yes , ma'am , '' he said , cupping my backside and lifting me into the air . 
 i wrapped my legs around his waist , and our mouths moved against each other in ways that should have been reserved for the bedroom , not surrounded by the masses making their way through the airport . 
 what was the big taboo against public displays of affection , anyway ? 
 it was n't like we were forcing anyone to watch . 
 jude shifted so he could hold me up with one arm while the other ran up the back of my neck . 
 kneading the base of it , he pulled me closer . 
 our lips crushed harder into each other . 
 parting his mouth , my tongue slipped in , tasting him . 
 exploring him . 
 claiming him . 
 jude 's fingers curled deeper into my backside as we continued kissing , his low groan swallowed up by the chorus of cheers that erupted around us . 
 the young male tsa agents hooted the loudest , although a stream of servicemen in fatigues were n't about to be left out of the catcalling contest . 
 jude 's hand left my neck and extended behind me . 
 from the chuckles that followed the cheering , i could imagine what signal he was giving everyone . 
 `` horny bastards , '' he mumbled against my mouth , putting me back down . 
 as of late , jude had been less and less of a pda man , whereas i 'd take whatever i could get . 
 wherever it might be . 
 he said it had something to do with him not being okay with a bunch of guys jerking off to his fiancee 's face later that night . 
 he glared at the loudest of the hooting offenders , then looked back at me . 
 just imagining him walking away from me , i could feel the damn tears returning . 
 `` i wish i could go with you , '' i whispered , before i knew what i was saying . 
 his eyebrows touched the sky . 
 `` you can , you know , '' he said quickly , already setting his sights on the ticket counter . 
 `` i 've got a couple weeks of school to finish , '' i offered just as quickly , turning his head before he started making his way to the counter . 
 `` then come the day school is over , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll send you a ticket and you can spend the summer at the beach while i work my ass off on the field . '' 
 `` exactly . 
 you 'll be so busy with training , i 'd never see you . '' 
 `` but at least i 'd be able to crawl into bed with you every night , '' he said , setting me back down on the ground . 
 oddly enough , my feet on firm ground felt less natural than when they were wrapped around jude . 
 `` and fall into a coma after your daily doubles , '' i argued . 
 one corner of his mouth curled . 
 `` i might be bushed every night , but i 'd never be too tired for that . '' 
 i sighed in exasperation . 
 `` you 'd just have to be the one on top . '' 
 i shoved him , earning nothing more than a laugh . 
 `` getting my ass beat on the field by day , enjoying a round of cowgirl-style sex by night . '' 
 his eyes darkened . 
 `` sounds like my kind of summer . '' 
 i glowered at him , not impressively , but it was a wonder i could look at his beautiful face with anything but awe , even now . 
 `` come on , '' he said . 
 `` come with me . '' 
 i was already opening my mouth to object when he cut me off . 
 `` once you finish classes . '' 
 `` i 'm taking a summer class , jude , '' i said , looking away . 
 i might have forgotten to mention that . 
 `` what ?! '' 
 he gasped . 
 `` when did you decide to do this ? '' 
 he looked equally pissed and hurt . 
 `` when i decided i wanted to be the best damn dancer i could be , '' i snapped right back . 
 jude paused before answering . 
 `` skip it , '' he said at last . 
 `` you do n't need to go to school . 
 you can just dance . '' 
 i could feel the tips of my ears starting to heat with the blood pumping through me . 
 `` without a degree , i 'd be lucky to be dancing across a community theater stage as an understudy , '' i said , each word an emotional tidal wave . 
 `` i need to do this . 
 i need to blaze my own path just like you have yours . '' 
 `` yeah , but my path 's making us millions , so why do n't you cross over to mine ? '' 
 he said without a sliver of remorse . 
 `` it 's not about money , jude , '' i said , a notch below a shout . 
 why was he not getting this ? 
 money was money , nothing else , nothing more . 
 he shifted , looking like he wanted to rub his temples in frustration . 
 `` then what 's it about ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` because you 've admitted it 's not about the money . 
 it 's not about me . 
 it 's not about marriage . '' 
 his voice was rising . 
 `` then what the hell is this whole ` blaze my own path without you ' shit about , luce ? 
 because i thought we were a team now . 
 i thought we made decisions that were the best for us as a couple . '' 
 i opened my mouth to reply back with something , but it would have been a lie . 
 when i failed at everything else , when the shit was really hitting the fan , i made it a priority never to lie to jude . 
 i bit my lip while i stalled for an answer . 
 jude 's shoulders slumped as the rest of his body loosened . 
 `` come on , baby , what 's it about ? '' 
 shaking my head , i sank a few more teeth into my lip . 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' i admitted , and while i knew it was a suck-ass answer , at least it was the truth . 
 i was n't sure why it was so important for me to make my own way in the world , but it was . 
 i did n't think jude could look any more frustrated . 
 clearing his throat , he cupped my elbow and pulled me close again . 
 `` marry me , luce , '' he whispered , his eyes begging mine to meet them . 
 dammit . 
 he was n't doing this again . 
 he knew my weakness for him ran deep , and coupled with that pleading tone and those tortured eyes , he did one hell of a demolition job on my resolution . 
 `` i will , '' i said , still refusing to look him in the eyes . 
 he did n't let the air settle with my words . 
 `` right now ? '' 
 so much hope it was sacred . 
 and i was going to kill it with a swift slit to the throat . 
 `` right later , '' i whispered , forming a half smile that was more frown than grin . 
 he was silent for what felt like an hour , like he was waiting for me to take it back , or processing the words and the meaning behind them . 
 finally , he sighed-long , deep , and one that pricked new tears to life in my eyes . 
 `` love you , luce , '' he said , pressing a kiss into my forehead . 
 `` you change your mind , you know where to find me . 
 i 'll marry you in the middle of the night in some crummy wedding chapel in vegas if that 's the only option we have . 
 whatever you want , whenever you want it . 
 i 'll be there . '' 
 burying his face in my hair , he inhaled deeply before turning and walking up to the security gates . 
 my throat was too tight to let words slip through , and my eyes were so glazed over with tears that i saw nothing but a tall shadow walking away from me . 
 two seconds had gone by since his last touch , and my body was already quaking with withdrawal . 
 it was going to be a long two weeks . 
 five two weeks-fourteen days-hadn ' t just gone by slowly . 
 it had been like living a year in hell every passing second . 
 jude had called every night , sounding as beat as you 'd expect a rookie nfl player to sound after a grueling daily double in eighty-degree heat . 
 i lived for those calls , but i kind of dreaded them , too , because i knew we 'd be hanging up shortly after and the clock would reset until we got to talk again . 
 another twenty-three and a half hours on the clock , please . 
 i tried to keep busy , immersing myself in the last weeks of school , dancing late into the night for no audience , just an empty auditorium . 
 i 'd taken my last final yesterday and was feeling confident my junior year of college had been my most successful to date . 
 i 'd spent the first part of the day picking up applications in hopes that i could land a summer job that would work with my summer class . 
 however , plenty of schools had already let out for summer , and it seemed the majority of jobs , or at least the good ones that did n't pay peanuts , had already been scooped up . 
 i 'd be lucky if i could swing a part-time gig waiting tables at a late-night cafe . 
 i 'd take it . 
 i was n't picky , especially these days . 
 i 'd take whatever employment i could find , especially with jude being gone the entire summer . 
 i needed something-in fact , many things-to keep my mind off missing him . 
 and if that meant pouring coffee and slapping hash browns down on diner tables until i was blue in the face , i 'd do just that . 
 after gathering a couple dozen applications , i 'd stopped by a few specialty markets in search of just the right ingredients for tonight 's dinner , because today was day number fourteen . 
 jude 's much anticipated homecoming . 
 cue the hallelujah choir , because i 'd been jiving and waving my hands at the heavens all day long . 
 jude 's flight was coming in late , so it was n't exactly `` dinner , '' but i 'd never known jude ryder to turn down a good meal no matter what time of day-or night-it was . 
 in the years since starting college , i 'd learned to cook . 
 well , kind of learned to cook . 
 not out of curiosity , but out of necessity . 
 cafeteria food was the last resort , especially after dining on my dad 's culinary masterpieces for years . 
 in fact , i was fairly certain the number one ingredient in cafeteria pasta was cardboard . 
 the other option was eating out every night , which , with an appetite like jude 's around , was impossible on a college student 's nonwages . 
 so i learned how to cook . 
 nothing fancy , but good , nutritious home cooking . 
 tonight 's menu consisted of roast chicken , garlic mashed potatoes , and roasted green beans-a jude ryder favorite . 
 like the weekends during the school year and the last two summers , i 'd moved into jude 's and my apartment in white plains . 
 this year , though , i was planning on living in it during senior year and using public transportation to get to the city . 
 i was done living in dorms . 
 done . 
 the apartment was a notch or two above being deemed condemnable , but god , i loved it . 
 it was ours . 
 where we could be together . 
 where we 'd formed more memories than most couples do in a lifetime . 
 it was home , and i was happy to be here for another summer . 
 i would have been happier if jude was here , too . 
 but tonight i 'd have him for almost twenty-four hours , because he had one rare day off of training and had to be back by monday morning . 
 so as soon as he walked through that door , i was n't going to fixate on the fact that he 'd be leaving in less than twenty hours . 
 i was going to live each moment like it was a year . 
 i was going to make time my bitch , pay it back for what it had done to me the past two weeks . 
 i checked the time on the new iphone jude had sent me last week , the first of what he said would be many sweet gifts . 
 after warning him he 'd better not start treating me like some expensive mistress he had stuffed across the country , i 'd thanked him profusely and given him a few dozen air kisses through my sweet new phone . 
 `` crap ! '' 
 i shrieked when my hand accidentally grazed the casserole dish holding the green beans that had just been baking at three hundred and fifty degrees for more than an hour . 
 i was about to run the burn under water when the time registered in my brain . 
 `` double crap ! '' 
 jude was going to be here any minute and i was n't ready . 
 tonight i wanted everything to be perfect . 
 normally i would have picked him up at the airport , but then i could n't have surprised him with what i 'd been cooking up the past few days . 
 he 'd sounded hurt when i 'd first told him he 'd have to catch a cab because i was planning something . 
 but when i repeated i was planning something , with just the right amount of inflection , i could feel his classic smile coming through the phone . 
 blanketing my hands with oven mitts , i rushed the beans to our dining table . 
 it was nothing more than a six-foot-long plastic craft table surrounded by a menagerie of mismatched chairs , but when you covered it with a nice tablecloth , it classed it up a rung so we looked less like poor college students and more like fresh graduates with their first paying jobs . 
 dropping the dish on the table , i heard footsteps striding up the stairwell . 
 thundering footsteps . 
 the walls were that thin and jude 's footsteps were that loud . 
 loosening the knot of my bathrobe , i let it slide off my arms and chucked it onto the couch . 
 after double-checking that the candles were lit , the table set , and the music playing at just the right volume in the background , i plopped down into my chair . 
 the chair was chilly , running cool from my spine down to my backside . 
 a metal folding chair probably was n't the best seating option for a girl who was nak * d. well , nak * d except for the suede turquoise pumps that i 'd chosen to match the tie i had loosely tied around my neck . 
 a tie that had san diego written above a yellow lightning bolt only a few dozen times . 
 lounging back in the chair , i kicked my feet up on the table , crossing my ankles as i twirled the tie between my fingers . 
 it was a very pretty woman moment . 
 in fact , that movie , which had been replaying every night on tv , had been my inspiration . 
 the steps were getting louder , only a few strides from our door . 
 i sucked in a breath , trying to calm myself , as i was now reaching heights of epic overanticipation . 
 other than the time we 'd split back in high school , this was the longest we 'd gone without seeing each other . 
 it should have been considered a form of torture to be separated from a guy like jude ryder for two weeks . 
 bamboo shoots up fingernails was child 's play in comparison to what i 'd experienced . 
 giving my hair a tease , i watched the door without blinking , waiting for the footsteps to pause at the front door ... then , as they continued on down the hall , waiting for them to turn around and come back . 
 i waited a minute , long after the footsteps had disappeared into an apartment . 
 okay , false alarm . 
 but he 'd be here soon . 
 maybe he 'd been held up at the airport , or maybe traffic was nasty tonight . 
 or maybe ... nope , i was n't going to let myself go there . 
 he was coming . 
 he 'd be here . 
 nothing could stop jude from what he wanted , least of all the nfl . 
 and that was when my phone chimed , causing me to jump . 
 i still was n't used to the ring of my new phone . 
 fumbling to grab it , i smiled when jude 's picture popped up . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 i said as soon as i picked up . 
 `` i 've got one hell of a surprise waiting for you . '' 
 he was silent for a couple seconds , and then he sighed . 
 my heart sank . 
 `` you 're not coming . 
 are you ? '' 
 i tried to keep from sounding as disappointed as i felt . 
 another sigh . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , luce . 
 coach decided to dish out a mandatory extra training session for the rookies late this afternoon , and he 's called an early morning session tomorrow , too . '' 
 his voice was labored , like he 'd been sprinting , plus there was a ruckus in the background . 
 `` i tried texting you in between practices to let you know , but it looks like it did n't go through . '' 
 nope . 
 definitely did n't . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 i asked , uncrossing my ankles and putting my feet on the floor . 
 no sense in keeping a pose if he was n't showing up to enjoy the view . 
 `` in the locker room . 
 i called you the second i got in here after finishing up practice for the day , '' he said , trying to talk over the voices of fifty of his teammates . 
 `` can you hear me all right ? '' 
 `` yeah , i can hear you , '' i said , but he did n't wait for my answer . 
 `` hey , guys ! '' 
 jude hollered , the words muffled from what i guessed was his hand over the phone 's mouthpiece . 
 `` would you mind turning it down a notch ? 
 i 've got my girl on the phone ! '' 
 hollering requests at his teammates might not have been the best way to forge relationships as the rookie on the team , but after an initial chorus of oohs and loud air kisses echoing around the locker room , the background noises dimmed . 
 amazing . 
 two weeks on the team and he 'd already managed to command the respect of his teammates . 
 not that i needed another affirmation , but jude had indeed found his calling in life . 
 `` luce , is that better ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i said , frowning at the table and all the food i 'd spent half the day preparing , `` that 's great . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , baby . 
 i 'm so , so sorry . 
 you ca n't imagine how bad i need to see you right now , '' he said with such inflection , i could feel his pain . 
 it was the same pain of separation coursing through me right now . 
 `` i need my luce fix . 
 bad . '' 
 i bit my cheek ; i was n't going to cry over this . 
 `` i need my jude fix bad , too , '' i said . 
 `` so , when 's it looking like we 'll be able to see each other ? '' 
 if he said another two weeks , i was n't sure how i 'd hold on to my sanity . 
 `` can you fly out next thursday ? '' 
 he did n't wait for my response . 
 `` i 've got a light day friday and only a half day on saturday . 
 we could spend every minute i 'm not on the field together . 
 i promise . 
 will you come ? '' 
 why he was pleading with me , i did n't know . 
 i needed to see him as much as it sounded like he needed to see me . 
 `` of course i 'll come . 
 i 'll book my flight tonight . '' 
 `` already done , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll email you the flight information later . '' 
 of course he 'd done it . 
 `` that confident i 'd say yes ? '' 
 i could feel his smirk coming through the phone . 
 `` i was that confident i could persuade you , no matter what your answer was . '' 
 even though he was n't here to see it , i smirked right back at him . 
 `` you 're not on the field anymore , ryder . 
 do n't forget to leave your ego there . '' 
 he chuckled that low , rumbling laugh of his . 
 `` you of all people ought to know this ego goes with me wherever i go , luce . '' 
 `` a girl can dream , '' was my reply . 
 that earned another laugh from him . 
 `` so ... '' he said , his voice going soft , `` what are you wearing right now ? '' 
 if only he knew , he 'd be racing to the airport and chartering the first flight out . 
 i looked down at my body . 
 not a whole hell of a lot . 
 `` something . '' 
 `` something ? '' 
 he said , sounding offended . 
 `` how is something supposed to get a man through another long week away from his girl ? '' 
 `` use your imagination , '' i suggested , twirling the tie as i hatched a plan . 
 `` i 'm fresh out of imagination , '' he said around a groan . 
 `` i need details . 
 detailed details . '' 
 his voice got quiet again , like he was afraid one of his teammates might be eavesdropping . 
 `` for starters , how about the color , material , and style of the panties you 're wearing . '' 
 heat crept up my body . 
 it was a welcome friend . 
 `` that might be hard to detail , '' i said , lowering my voice , `` since i 'm not wearing any . '' 
 `` what ?! '' 
 jude 's voice burst through the phone . 
 i held it away from my ear in case another shout was on its way . 
 when he spoke again , it was in a controlled , breathy voice . 
 `` are you serious , luce ? '' 
 `` do n't you wish you could be here to find out ? '' 
 i teased , which was promptly followed by another groan . 
 `` i did n't think i could feel worse about not making it tonight , but i should have known , '' he said . 
 `` what else are you or are you not wearing ? '' 
 was the next question . 
 i grinned . 
 it was nice to know i could drive him mad from across the country after he 'd just endured a good ten hours of training . 
 i scanned my body again . 
 shoes ? 
 a tie ? 
 and then i realized that a picture was worth a thousand words . 
 `` it 's kind of hard to describe , '' i began . 
 `` why do n't i snap a photo and i 'll send it to you . '' 
 `` i like that plan . '' 
 sounded like he had a devilish grin on . 
 so did i. `` okay , i 'm going to hang up and then i 'll text you the picture . 
 sound good ? '' 
 `` sounds ... great , '' he said . 
 as soon as i ended the call , i kicked my heels back up on the table . 
 adjusting the tie so it wound down the center of my chest , i bent my arm over my head and grabbed the top of the chair . 
 sampling a few expressions on the camera screen , i settled for the one i figured jude would like the best : a soft smile topped by expectant eyes . 
 snapping the picture , i double-checked to make sure he 'd get the what-i-was-or-wasn ` t-wearing picture . 
 the whole picture . 
 yeah , it was hot . 
 typing in a quick message that read , wish you were here , i hit send before i could talk myself out of it . 
 the message delivery button pinged , and i 'd barely had a chance to sink my teeth into my lower lip when my phone rang . 
 jude 's picture popped up on the screen again . 
 that was fast . 
 i let it ring a few more times before answering . 
 `` so , '' i answered , `` what do you think of the tie ? '' 
 his breath was racing again . 
 `` what tie ? '' 
 i laughed ; he sounded serious . 
 `` oh , you mean the tie that 's buried between that beautiful chest of yours ? '' 
 his voice was nothing more than a whisper . 
 `` if i was n't so seethingly jealous of it , i might actually like it . '' 
 i ran my fingers down it again . 
 `` well , i got it for you , so i 'll make sure to bring it next week . 
 i know you 've got a total of one tie to your name , so now you 'll have two . '' 
 `` and the first thing i 'm going to do is tie you up with it and screw you until we 're both blue in the face . '' 
 yeah , i felt those words all the way down to my naughty parts . 
 `` jude , '' i warned , `` it might not be the best time to be discussing bondage and screwing when you 're surrounded by your teammates . 
 they 're going to think we 've got some kind of pervy thing going on . '' 
 `` would they be wrong ? '' 
 there was a degree of teasing in his voice , but only a fraction of one . 
 `` yes , '' i emphasized , `` they would be . 
 we do n't do whips , chains , or whatever other things are out there . 
 i 'm a sex purist . '' 
 `` did you just use the words sex and purist in the same sentence ? '' 
 he said , sounding offended . 
 `` that would be an affirmative , '' i replied , taking a sip of water to cool myself down . 
 `` please , luce , for the love of all my manly pride and ego-please do n't ever use the words sex purist to describe what we have again . 
 i mean , what 's next ? 
 are you going to be comparing us to vanilla ice cream ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said , finding it amusing that he was so insulted . 
 when it came to what jude and i did between the sheets , or straddling the recliner , or up against the wall , or bent over the hood of his truck , et cetera , et cetera , et cetera , there was no room for complaint . 
 but i had to have a little fun with him . 
 `` i 'd say our sex life was more in line with french vanilla , if i had to assign it a flavor . '' 
 `` that 's it , '' he said , determination blossoming in his voice . 
 `` i 'm introducing you to french vanilla 's naughty cousin , rocky road . '' 
 the background noise suddenly began to fade as i could hear the echo of his cleats jogging down a hall . 
 `` ryder , what crazy-ass scheme are you up to now ? '' 
 did i even want to know ? 
 one of the many things i loved about jude was his ability to keep me in suspense . 
 he was the definition of spontaneous , and i 'd surrendered to it somewhere along the way . 
 `` french vanilla , '' he repeated , sounding offended as he continued his jog . 
 `` i 'm insulted . '' 
 `` jude , come on , '' i said , shaking my head . 
 `` have you ever heard me complain ? 
 because a whisper of a complaint has never even crossed my mind when it comes to you and me and - '' `` our french vanilla sex , '' he interrupted . 
 i covered my mouth to contain my laugh . 
 `` what are you up to ? 
 the suspense is killing me . '' 
 `` i already told you , '' he answered , as the clopping of his cleats stopped . 
 `` i 'm introducing you to french vanilla 's badass cousin . '' 
 a shrill creak dimmed into a low moan-it was a sound i was familiar with . 
 `` what are you doing out in your truck ? '' 
 i asked , leaning forward in my seat . 
 this conversation had taken a turn from the devastating to the intriguing in two minutes flat . 
 `` you are not planning on driving across the country in that beater , are you ? 
 because you might think that piecer has another hundred thousand miles in it , but you 'll be stranded before you cross the california state line . '' 
 he huffed . 
 jude took serious offense when anyone tried to take a crack at the second love of his life : his rust bucket of a truck that was so worn with age you could n't tell what its original make and model had been . 
 jude may have wanted a fancy new truck someday , but this one would always hold a special place in his heart . 
 `` no , as much as i 'd love to break every speed and traffic law in existence to give you a firsthand introduction to rocky road , you 're just going to have to wait until next thursday for that . '' 
 i needed another sip of water . 
 `` you know what they say ? 
 the key to happiness is having something to look forward to , '' i said , taking another long drink for good measure . 
 `` i 'll show you something to look forward to . '' 
 jude had mastered the art of inflection ; these words were no exception . 
 screw the drinking-i was going to have to douse myself with water if he kept up that kind of talk . 
 `` even more to look forward to . '' 
 `` i 'm going to hang up , luce , and call you right back , '' he said . 
 `` okay ? '' 
 `` oh-kay ? '' 
 the line went dead and , before i could wonder what he was up to now , my phone was ringing again . 
 instead of jude 's picture that normally popped up whenever he called , the phone displayed me in real time , requesting a face time call . 
 the pieces of the what-was-he-up-to puzzle were starting to come together . 
 accepting the face time request , i stared at myself on the screen a few more seconds before i disappeared and someone i enjoyed staring at much more appeared . 
 i adjusted the phone so he had only a neck-up view . 
 his infamous smirk fell into place immediately . 
 `` hey , luce . '' 
 `` hey , jude , '' i replied , cocking a brow . 
 seeing him made my heart as happy as it made it ache . 
 i wanted to be able to reach through that phone and touch him and have his hands on me . 
 it seemed like an eternity since we 'd been together . 
 the day the cell phone manufacturers figured out a way to program a teleportation or virtual reality option into these so-called smart phones would be the day i 'd call them `` smart . '' 
 `` nice jersey , '' i said , appraising him . 
 his skin had darkened in the southern california sun , and his hair that he normally kept short had grown a bit longer and a shade lighter . 
 his gray eyes were metallic tonight , somewhere between silver and pewter . 
 a sheen of sweat dotted his face , dirt streaked his neck , and his shoulder pads made him appear even more superhuman in size than he normally did . 
 `` nice face , '' he said , his smirk growing more pronounced . 
 `` i know how much you love it , '' i replied , `` so i wanted to give you a close-up . '' 
 `` baby , that face is so damn beautiful a man could die happy looking into it , but you ca n't do this to me when i know what 's on display below it . '' 
 the skin between his brows lined as his eyes narrowed . 
 jude 's tortured face was almost as sexy as that smirk of his . 
 `` you mean this display ? '' 
 i said , tilting the phone so it ran down my body . 
 slowly . 
 i watched jude 's face shift from tortured , to expectant , to excited , ending at ravenous . 
 he stayed quiet , nothing but the heaviness of his breath exchanging with mine . 
 `` damn , '' he breathed when i made the round trip , ending back at my face . 
 i smiled shyly at him . 
 i do n't know what it was-jude had seen me nak * d more than i 'd seen myself , but something about sharing it over the phone , when there was no way for him to touch me , made the experience about ten times more intimate . 
 `` you 're a lucky bastard , '' i quoted back his favorite saying . 
 `` do n't i know it , '' he said , licking his lips . 
 `` do you have something you can use to prop your phone up with ? '' 
 he asked , adjusting his and doing the same , i guessed . 
 `` maybe ? '' 
 `` luce , '' he said , exasperated . 
 `` fine , '' i relented , grabbing the sparkling wine bottle and sliding it across the table . 
 propping my phone against it , i adjusted it so he had a view of everything . 
 `` i improvised and utilized the wine we were supposed to be celebrating with tonight as my hands-free device . 
 happy now ? '' 
 `` happy always , '' he said , shifting on the seat of his truck . 
 `` because you 're going to need your hands free for what we 're about to do . '' 
 i choked on the sip of water i was taking . 
 another puzzle piece slid into place . 
 `` what the hell are you talking about , ryder ? '' 
 i said after clearing my throat . 
 `` and what the hell are you doing shifting all the hell around ? '' 
 his head disappeared from the screen as he lifted himself . 
 his hands slid down his sides , pulling on the seam of his football spandex . 
 `` taking my pants off , '' he said matter-of-factly . 
 no shame-not even a hint . 
 his torso lowered right before i caught the x-rated version of this video . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i said , my voice cracking . 
 his lips parted , revealing a smile that made my thighs clench . 
 `` because i 'm about to give french vanilla a run for its damn money . '' 
 shit . 
 he was crazy . 
 loco crazy . 
 `` i like french vanilla , '' i replied , my voice so shaky you would have thought i was a virgin on prom night . 
 `` if you like french vanilla , luce , i can guarantee you 're going to love this . '' 
 double shit . 
 `` i 'm going to love what ? '' 
 i cursed myself . 
 why did i ask myself questions to which i already knew the answer ? 
 `` touching yourself for me , '' he replied , his voice so deep it was dark . 
 triple shit all the way to infinity . 
 `` i 'm not doing that , '' i said firmly . 
 skanky girls had phone sex . 
 i certainly did n't . 
 i 'd do anything for jude , with perhaps this one exception . 
 `` yes , you are , '' he said , his confidence the total opposite of what i was feeling . 
 `` just pretend it 's my hand on you . '' 
 `` i would n't have to pretend if you were here like you were supposed to be , '' i said , peaking both brows . 
 `` you 're all kinds of moody tonight , luce , '' he said . 
 `` an orgasm will take care of that . '' 
 he interrupted me before i could argue back . 
 `` you know it will . 
 come on , baby . 
 for me ? '' 
 and then he gave me the look-the look . 
 the one where his eyes went all soft and light . 
 in the battle that was man versus woman , this look should not be allowed . 
 i caved every damn time . 
 this time included . 
 `` fine , '' i sighed . 
 `` for you . '' 
 his smile exploded for one moment , right before it dropped with desire . 
 `` who 's a lucky bastard ? '' 
 he said rhetorically , pointing a finger at himself . 
 `` that 's right . 
 this guy . '' 
 i laughed , relaxing now that i 'd accepted what detour this night was taking . 
 in fact , i was n't only relaxing , i was getting excited . 
 i needed another drink of water , but i 'd emptied my glass pre-phone sex talk . 
 biting my lip , i felt my face heat . 
 how did one go about this ? 
 i did n't have a manual . 
 if i had a glass of wine in me i would have felt more uninhibited . 
 gauging the widening of jude 's pupils , i guessed there was n't time for that . 
 `` so ... '' i began , `` when do we get started ? '' 
 i would have made the worst paid phone sex professional ever . 
 my parents would have been proud . 
 a corner of jude 's mouth lifted . 
 `` i already am , luce . '' 
 damn , knowing jude was touching himself right now made my body spiral out of control in a familiar way . 
 it would n't take much `` touching '' to get me the rest of the way there . 
 `` i suppose that dumb smile on your face should have given that away , '' i said , sliding my hand into place . 
 `` there 's my girl , '' he said , his voice husky . 
 my eyes closed at first , as my body rushed from my touch . 
 `` what in the hell are we doing ? '' 
 i said , my own voice raspy . 
 `` doing the best we can with what we 've been given tonight , luce , '' was his immediate answer . 
 `` and giving french vanilla a run for its money , '' i added , gliding my other hand up my stomach before giving the tie a suggestive tug . 
 `` shit , '' jude breathed , the muscles in his shoulders picking up speed . 
 dropping my head back , i started kneading my breast , rolling the nipple between my fingers . 
 `` holy shit . '' 
 jude 's eyes could n't have gotten any wider . 
 `` we are putting french vanilla in its goddamned place , baby . '' 
 if it was n't for his confidence , combined with the way i 'd already started on this train , i would have been trying to talk myself out of this whole thing . 
 but i was too far gone to hit the brakes . 
 `` what are you imagining right now ? '' 
 i asked , staring into his eyes , pretending it was his hands working over me . 
 `` with the view i 've got right now ? '' 
 he said , winking . 
 `` who needs to imagine ? 
 this right here , a beautiful woman touching herself the way you are , is the american dream , luce . '' 
 his words sent another pulse of pleasure to my body . 
 `` let 's just say you were here tonight ... '' i began . 
 `` and you 'd just walked into the apartment . 
 what would you have done ? '' 
 `` are you wanting me to talk dirty to you , luce ? '' 
 he asked with a smirk . 
 `` because all you ever have to do is say the word and i will happily say filthy , filthy things to you . '' 
 `` the word , '' i teased . 
 `` if i was n't about to come , i 'd be lecturing you about your backward progress in the comedy department . '' 
 `` wait for me , '' i said , sinking my teeth into my lower lip . 
 that always drove him crazy . 
 `` always , luce , '' he said . 
 `` always . 
 `` okay , so i just walked through the door , '' he began , his shoulders slowing . 
 `` and there you are , nak * d except for that fine-ass tie around your neck , touching yourself and looking at me with those screw-me eyes . '' 
 one of jude 's many gifts of his lady-killer dna was his voice . 
 it was deep enough to make a woman 's insides vibrate , but still clear enough to cut right through her . 
 however , whenever we were intimate , that voice of his went as deep as it would go , vibrating in all the right places . 
 `` i 'd be across that room in two seconds flat , and have you up against the nearest wall two seconds after that , '' he said , the muscles of his neck popping to the surface . 
 he was forcing himself to hold off . 
 he would n't have to for much longer . 
 `` i 'd slide that tie from your neck , hold your wrists behind your back , and cinch them together so tightly i could do whatever i wanted to do to you , however i wanted to do it . '' 
 `` oh , god . '' 
 i sighed , kicking my leg up on the table to give myself better access . 
 `` then , in the time it would take you to wrap your legs around me , i 'd have my zipper down and my mouth on yours . 
 and then , baby , '' he said , his own head rocking back , `` i would n't give it to you until you came and got it . '' 
 at this pace , with those kinds of words , i was n't going to make it much longer . 
 `` so , my wrists tied behind me , my legs tied around you , i 'd lower myself over you , teasing you until i made you come and get it . '' 
 had those words just come out of my mouth ? 
 at this point in fast-approaching ecstasy , i could n't be sure . 
 `` and you 'd be so ready for me , i 'd bury myself so deep inside you i could come right then , '' he continued , groaning through the end . 
 `` but then you 'd start moving , doing that little hip swivel thing you know drives me nuts , and then - '' `` like the two-pump chump you are not , '' i interrupted , feeling my cli ** x building , `` but like the sexual goddess i am , i 'd whisper a few dirty words in your ear at the same time i tighten around you , and you 'd come so hard you 'd put me over the edge . '' 
 `` oh , god , '' he moaned , his face lining . 
 `` i ca n't wait , luce . 
 i 'm going to come hard , '' he said , his eyes staying on me . 
 `` and i 'm going to imagine it 's you i 'm six inches deep in when i do . '' 
 that was all i needed . 
 the final push before i followed him . 
 my body tightened as much as it could before it let go , and then i was shaking from the intensity of my orgasm ripping through me . 
 `` jude . '' 
 i sighed again and again as he did the same with my name , paired with a couple other four-letter words . 
 as the last ripples of pleasure were going through my body , i rested my leg back down on the floor . 
 my lower half was trembling and my breath was ragged at best . 
 `` i might have been wrong , luce , '' jude said after both of us started breathing normally again . 
 adjusting myself in the chair , i gave him a postorgasm smile . 
 `` wrong about what ? '' 
 `` your dancing being the damn most beautiful thing i 've ever seen . '' 
 my smile went a notch higher . 
 `` oh , yeah ? '' 
 `` oh . 
 yeah , '' he emphasized . 
 `` because what i just had the pleasure of watching for the past five minutes was on a whole other playing field . '' 
 i laughed . 
 the expression on his face was that serious . 
 `` and i want to say kudos to you for improvising and managing to turn a sucky night into something ... not so sucky . '' 
 he leaned forward . 
 `` kudos to you , luce , '' he said with a wink . 
 i flushed more than i already was . 
 i was a physical wreck . 
 the good kind of wreck . 
 my inner thighs were still shaking , my left nipple was sore from the pain i 'd unleashed on it , and my neck felt sore from all the rocking and tossing around . 
 `` so , '' i said , `` same time tomorrow night ? '' 
 i was partially kidding , but mostly serious . 
 jude 's eyebrow lifted . 
 `` who says we need to wait until tomorrow night for a repeat ? '' 
 he said , leaning back against the truck 's seat again . 
 `` i 've got all night , luce . '' 
 grabbing the phone , i started for the bedroom . 
 i was going to get comfortable for this round . 
 `` me too . '' 
 six i 'd slept in . 
 i knew this because i awoke with that panicky feeling , consulting my phone for the time . 
 instead of showing me that , though , the picture on my phone was of jude 's room . 
 the face time count was still going , in the six-digit realm . 
 crashing my head back down on my pillow , i exhaled . 
 for the first time since last september , it seemed , it was acceptable for me to sleep in . 
 i did n't have an early class to be at , or a rehearsal to squeeze in before breakfast . 
 other than my summer class , my schedule was open to fill as i chose . 
 turning on my side , i stared at his room . 
 he must have left his phone behind so i could wake up to this . 
 it was a small gesture that felt kind of grand . 
 the team had put him in a hotel during preseason training until he found something more permanent , which i guess some players complained about due to the lack of space . 
 from the looks of it , jude 's hotel room was almost as big as our apartment . 
 plus , it was about five times as nice and a tenth as old . 
 following round two last night , jude suggested we keep the face time on so we could fall asleep together . 
 well , it was more of a demand , but it was one i was eager to go along with . 
 by the time he 'd driven back to his room , i 'd almost fallen asleep , tired from the day of running around , the double feature of orgasms , and arguing with him about how expensive his phone bill would be if we did this whole face time thing all night , every night , like he wanted . 
 he said he did n't give a damn about the bill , or the money ; he cared about watching me fall asleep every night . 
 yeah , i melted and caved right then . 
 curling around my pillow , i stared at his empty bed . 
 his sheets were twisted , the blankets kicked down to the foot of the bed , and the pillows were stacked into a leaning tower . 
 jude had never been a good sleeper , never sleeping longer than a couple hours at a time before something jerked him awake . 
 he 'd always played it off as being a borderline insomniac , but i knew why he 'd burst awake , swallowing a scream , his body covered in a sheen of sweat . 
 jude had nightmares . 
 the same kind i did-his just came from a different point of view . 
 he was on one side of the gun and the man that had killed my brother , and i was on the other . 
 the weekends we shared in the same bed , he said he slept better , but knowing how many times he jerked awake in the middle of the night when i was next to him , i hated to think of what his nights were like when i was n't beside him . 
 jude had an early practice this morning . 
 and a late practice . 
 just like every day . 
 in fact , if he was n't on the field , he was in one of three places : at the hotel restaurant shoveling food into his mouth , sitting in the oversize chair talking on the phone with me , or trying and failing to sleep in the bed i was staring at . 
 his life was busy , his hours filled with places to be and people to interact with . 
 my days felt the opposite . 
 with jude gone , i had dance , independent study , and a few friends who were , most of the time , too busy with their own lives to carve out time to hang with me . 
 it had been months since i 'd seen holly , jude 's oldest friend ; something about a full-time job , living across the country , and having an almost four-year-old to keep up with had a way of keeping a girl busy . 
 when indie , my old dorm roommate , was n't beating off stockbrokers and er docs in one of the clubs she frequented in the city , she was down in miami dancing until sunset , beating away the latin men she had a secret soft spot for . 
 thomas , my dance partner , bartended nights in the city and had been having girl troubles with the dancer he 'd been dating for a year . 
 what he called girl troubles , the rest of the world called cheating . 
 thomas liked to believe the best in everyone , god love him , and that was an honorable quality to have-when you were n't dating a girl who believed sleeping with a slew of other guys behind her boyfriend 's back was acceptable . 
 after i grabbed my phone off its stand , it took me a few seconds before i was able to hit end . 
 i had a window to jude 's room and i did n't want to close it . 
 but life had to go on ; i could n't stay tucked under my covers all day staring at an unmade bed on the other side of the country . 
 i had to get up , go through a routine , and do my best to pretend my heart had n't flown to san diego with him . 
 this was n't a foreign concept to me-fake it until you make it ; i 'd done it for five years following my brother 's murder . 
 i knew this was different . 
 jude had n't been killed in cold blood ; i knew this . 
 but my lungs felt like they 'd collapse at every other breath , and the spot where my heart used to beat felt like it was a hollow void . 
 not that i needed any more proof , but damn if i did n't love that man more than was healthy for me . 
 i typed a quick message , hit send , then made myself get out of bed . 
 shower or coffee first ? 
 after contemplating this for a good minute , i realized i was apparently incapable of making even the smallest decisions . 
 after a couple more minutes of indecision , i went with the coffee-first option . 
 i had a handful of applications to fill out , not to mention a mess in the kitchen and dining room to clean up . 
 then i would shower , then off to the dance studio , then ... oh , my god . 
 i was going through my life like it was a step-by-step program . 
 not cool . 
 to prove to myself i was n't becoming a step-by-stepper , i took action . 
 i showered first , then got to work on the job applications while i waited for the coffee to brew . 
 i 'd gone through half a pot by the time i 'd finished with the eighth and final application . 
 shaking my wrist , sure i was experiencing the early stages of carpal tunnel from that fill-in-the-blank marathon , i tossed a change of clothes into my dance bag and could n't rush out of that apartment fast enough . 
 two weeks and i still had n't adjusted to being alone in it . 
 i was n't sure i ever would . 
 two hours later , i 'd handed off all the applications . 
 half the places said the positions had already been filled-the other half said they 'd take a peek and give me a call if they wanted to interview me . 
 when i said i 'd call next week to check in , i was promptly answered with some variation of the do n't - call-us-we 'll - call-you reply . 
 outlook in the summer employment department was n't looking good . 
 no jude for another week . 
 no job for who knew how long . 
 no friends within a half-hour commute . 
 by the time i 'd arrived at the studio , i was feeling every shade of sorry for myself . 
 there was only one way to stop this train of self-pity in its tracks . 
 i had my pointes on and was ready to go in record time . 
 i moved without the accompaniment of music , each movement an extension of what i was feeling . 
 by the time i 'd worked up a sweat , my pity party had come to a wrap . 
 and by the time my toes started tingling , i 'd built up enough positive endorphins to remind myself that life was pretty damn good . 
 taking a water break , i checked my phone . 
 i was checking for missed calls or texts , but the time caught my eye . 
 my eyes bulged . 
 i should have stopped being surprised how i could lose time when i danced the way i had been today , but losing four hours in the span of what seemed like a couple dances was n't something i 'd ever gotten used to . 
 the studio was quiet on weekend nights , and , other than the teenage employee obsessed by her phone , i was the last person in the place . 
 after changing back into my shoes , i hurried to my car , rushing back to an empty apartment . 
 i turned on every light , even the tv just to have a little background noise . 
 finishing cleaning up the mess from last night 's botched dinner , i poured a bowl of granola cereal and curled up on the couch , my phone balanced on my lap . 
 i tried not to check the phone screen every five seconds . 
 an hour later , the self-pity was starting to trickle back into my veins . 
 jude must have had a crazy-busy day of practice ; he usually was able to shoot me a quick text or two throughout the day . 
 but not today . 
 i was resolved to not become one of those clingy girls who had to check in with her guy every hour , although tonight , i was getting dangerously close to jumping on that bandwagon . 
 after minutes of tapping my phone 's screen , stalling , convincing myself not to call him , only to convince myself to call him the next second , the phone chimed . 
 i was so excited i nearly dropped it . 
 i was in such a hurry , i did n't check the screen to see who was calling . 
 `` i missed you so damn much today , '' i greeted jude , my smile stretching into place . 
 silence for one second on the other end . 
 `` i missed you so damn much , too ? '' 
 was the uncertain reply . 
 the female reply . 
 `` holly ? '' 
 `` most days , '' she answered . 
 `` oh , '' i said , trying not to sound upset . 
 `` sorry . 
 i thought you were jude . '' 
 `` sorry to disappoint you , lucy , '' she said , as little jude started talking up a storm in the background . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm glad it 's you , '' i said , telling a half-truth . 
 `` liar . '' 
 she paused , hushing little jude , and told him to go play with his blocks . 
 `` what ? 
 did you and jude have some sort of phone sex date tonight ? '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 if only holly knew . 
 `` how many times do i have to tell you that our sex life is none of your business ? '' 
 `` you can tell me as many times as you want . 
 i 'm never going to stop sticking my nose in you and jude 's freaky business , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm a single mom , lucy . 
 i have a better chance of dying in a plane crash than i do of getting laid again , so stop acting like such a prude and let me keep on living vicariously through you . '' 
 another eye roll , but only because we were on the phone . 
 holly did n't tolerate eye rolling in her presence , especially if it was directed at her . 
 `` go find another couple to live vicariously through . 
 jude and i are officially off-vicarious-limits . '' 
 `` repeating . 
 i 'm a single mom . 
 the only thing that 's more unlikely than getting laid is making friends with another couple i can live vicariously through . '' 
 jude went off like a siren again . 
 she let him go this time . 
 `` and now i 'm officially an unemployed single mom , '' she said with a sigh . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i said , sitting up on the couch . 
 `` you got fired from the salon ? 
 you 've been there for years . 
 what happened ? '' 
 she cleared her throat . 
 `` i may or may not have ` accidentally ' mixed up hair dyes . 
 i ` might ' have applied bright green hair color to a customer who also happened to be my brother 's ex-girlfriend , who became an ex after screwing half the county 's male population behind his back . '' 
 i could hear the sly smile in holly 's voice . 
 `` it was a total coincidence . '' 
 `` of course it was , '' i deadpanned . 
 `` anyways , my boss said coincidence or not , a stylist mixing up platinum blond for neon green was a fireable offense . '' 
 `` please . 
 like every stylist does n't have a similar story , '' i said . 
 `` at least your ` coincidence ' came with a swift kick in the ass from karma to your cheating client . '' 
 holly chuckled . 
 `` this is why i called you , lucy . 
 i know cheer is n't really your thing , but you always manage to cheer me up whenever i need it . '' 
 `` cheer aside , '' i said , `` i 'm glad i could help . '' 
 holly replied back with something , but she was drowned out as little jude beat on something that sounded like drums . 
 or cymbals . 
 or something that was up to the task of making my eardrums ring . 
 `` so what are you going to do now ? '' 
 i asked , after the musical explosion in the background ended . 
 another sigh from holly . 
 `` the only other ` salon ' in this town , and i use the word loosely , is supercuts , '' she said . 
 i could see her cringing . 
 `` and since i ca n't afford to have any pride when i 've got milk and shoes to provide for a little man , i already stopped by to see if they were hiring . 
 that would be a whole lotta nada . '' 
 this time , i sighed with her . 
 `` that sucks , holly . 
 you 've worked so hard to be independent and provide for little jude ... '' `` my mom was right all along . 
 from the time i was a little girl she always told me i was destined for not-so-great things . 
 she predicted i 'd be knocked up and on food stamps before my nineteenth birthday . '' 
 she paused , her voice lower than normal . 
 `` knocked up before nineteen , food stamps a few years later . 
 it feels supergreat knowing i 've lived up to my mom 's expectations . '' 
 `` oh , hol , '' i began , feeling useless from all the way across the country . 
 i wanted to give her a big hug , make her a cup of tea , and figure this thing out . 
 if she was here , i could do more than offer empty words . 
 and that was when an answer of the genius quality came to me . 
 `` move in with me . '' 
 the words were out a moment after the idea had popped in to my mind . 
 holly was silent on the other end . 
 so silent i had to check to make sure the call had n't failed . 
 `` what ? '' 
 was her response . 
 `` you heard me , '' i said in a hurry . 
 i was getting more and more excited with the idea . 
 `` pack up your stuff and fly out here . 
 you can live with me rent free , and there are a ton of salons within walking distance where i 'm sure you could work . '' 
 more silence . 
 `` and little jude ? '' 
 it took me a few moments to figure out what she was asking . 
 `` and there 's nothing little jude can do to this place that could possibly leave it in worse condition than it already is . '' 
 i was surprised , and a little hurt , that she thought she 'd have to ask about little jude . 
 they were a package deal . 
 i would n't invite one without the other . 
 `` you 'd do that ? '' 
 she said , followed by a sniffle . 
 if i did n't know better , i would have thought that stonewall holly reed was close to tears . 
 `` you 'd really let a crazy , destructive caveman and me move in with you ? '' 
 `` hol , '' i said , `` i 've been sharing this place with a crazy , destructive caveman every weekend for three years , until he got himself drafted and moved across the country . 
 i 've got a caveman vacancy that needs to be filled asap . '' 
 the little caveman picked that time to scream , `` i 've got to go poo-poo , mom ! '' 
 `` you know how to go to the bathroom on your own , '' holly replied . 
 `` i ca n't get my pants off ! '' 
 was little jude 's reply . 
 `` i need your help ! '' 
 `` i 'll be there in one minute ! '' 
 `` see ? '' 
 i said through my laughter . 
 `` he 'll fill jude 's caveman shoes perfectly . '' 
 `` i love you so hard , lucy , '' she said . 
 `` i do n't know what i 'd do without you and jude . '' 
 `` please . 
 you 're the toughest girl i know . 
 you 're a fighter , holly . 
 you 'd be just fine . '' 
 `` boy , have i got you fooled , '' she replied softly . 
 so much like jude . 
 long stretches of tough , interrupted by brief glimpses of vulnerability . 
 `` you know , if you need any money to get you by ... '' i began , clearing my throat . 
 `` your best friend just landed himself a pretty decent job , and i 've got some money saved up , too . 
 all you have to do is ask , holly . '' 
 she was silent for a while . 
 then she sniffled again . 
 `` love . 
 you . 
 so . 
 hard , '' she repeated . 
 `` and that 's the nicest thing anyone 's ever offered , but i ca n't take money from you guys , lucy . 
 i just ca n't . 
 okay ? '' 
 i did n't need an explanation . 
 i got it . 
 `` okay , '' i said , realizing holly was as much like me as she was like jude . 
 `` mom ! '' 
 `` holy bloodcurdling scream , caveman , '' i said , making a mental note to start baking brownies for my neighbors now so i 'd be in their good graces when the shrieking little boy moved in . 
 `` i got ta go . 
 i 've got thirty seconds before he craps his pants , '' she said , sounding like she was rushing across the room . 
 `` call you tomorrow to work out the details ? '' 
 `` call me tonight after you put caveman to bed so you can be here tomorrow , '' i said , popping off the couch . 
 i needed to start preparing for new housemates . 
 holly chuckled . 
 `` someone have a bad case of the lonelies ? '' 
 i blew out a breath . 
 `` the worst case . '' 
 `` do n't worry . 
 soon you 'll be done with school , married to one of the top-paid football players in the nation , and living in some house the size of this craptastic town . '' 
 that statement , minus the marrying jude part , made my stomach queasy . 
 seven even though it felt like wednesday night would never arrive , it was finally here . 
 after a grueling afternoon session at the dance studio , i 'd come back to the apartment and enjoyed tofu stir-fry for one . 
 i was lonely . 
 morbidly so . 
 i never thought i 'd be the girl who could n't stand to be alone , but this was the first time i 'd lived on my own . 
 alone . 
 all alone . 
 i was one of those girls . 
 however , tonight was the last night i 'd have to spend all by my lonesome , because i would be with jude tomorrow night through the weekend , and then holly and little jude were flying in monday afternoon . 
 in the course of four days , holly had managed to score a sweet deal on airline tickets , find someone to buy her trailer back home , get packed up , apply to every last one of the salons in white plains , and start looking for child care for little jude . 
 i took a while with the dinner dishes , deciding what to do with myself for the next couple of hours . 
 it was too early to go to bed , i 'd scrubbed and sanitized every surface in the apartment three times this past week , and we were smack into summer rerun season . 
 i was heading toward the bathroom to take a long bubble bath when a knock sounded at the door . 
 i jumped-it had been a while since i 'd had a visitor . 
 `` coming ! '' 
 i called out as i headed to the door . 
 i was n't expecting anyone , and none of jude 's or my friends lived close enough to make the drive this late at night just to say hi . 
 `` come on already ! 
 put a robe on , and get one of your asses to the door ! '' 
 a familiar voice yelled on the other side of the door . 
 `` i 'm developing crow 's - feet out here . '' 
 i was smiling when i opened the door . 
 `` hey , india . '' 
 `` hey , girl , '' she said , propping a hand on her hip . 
 `` what took you so long ? '' 
 she peered over my shoulder . 
 `` he 's not here , '' i said . 
 `` but if he was you would have been waiting a lot longer than you were . 
 a lot longer . '' 
 i matched my straight face to india 's , waiting for one of us to crack . 
 she did first . 
 the corner of her mouth moved . 
 `` there 's my girl . 
 now get your bony ass over here and give me some sugar . '' 
 laughing , i wrapped my arms around her . 
 she was in platforms , so she was freakishly tall-so tall her chin fit over my head . 
 `` this is a surprise , '' i said , motioning her into the apartment . 
 india sauntered in , peeking into the bedroom like she did n't believe jude was n't in there . 
 `` a good or a bad surprise ? '' 
 `` when it comes to you , indie , '' i said , walking into the kitchen , `` the best kind of surprise . '' 
 she winked . 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'm pretty great , are n't i ? '' 
 `` like you and half the male population on the eastern seaboard are n't aware of that , '' i teased , filling the kettle with water . 
 `` you want some tea ? '' 
 `` only if you 've got the kind i like . '' 
 dropping her purse on the dining table , she took a seat . 
 i rolled my eyes as i thumbed through my tea stash . 
 `` will this do , your highness ? '' 
 i asked , waving the packet in the air . 
 india inspected it before nodding . 
 `` perfect . '' 
 i turned on a burner and set the kettle on it . 
 `` so predictable , '' i chided . 
 `` come on , lucy . 
 you know my rule . 
 i take my tea the way i like my men . '' 
 `` dark and strong , '' i murmured , giving her a look . 
 `` yeah , well , at least i do n't take my tea green and earthy like you , '' she shot back . 
 `` i mean , what does that say about jude ? '' 
 `` i sure have missed you , indie , '' i said . 
 `` of course you have , '' she said , checking her phone . 
 `` what 's not to miss ? '' 
 indie and i could go another five rounds easy , but i had to get to bed sometime tonight , and , judging from the way she was dressed , she had plans to dance the night away at some club . 
 `` not to sound rude , because you know i love me a piece of the india pie , but what are you doing here ? '' 
 i asked , dropping the teabags into a couple of cups . 
 india was a big-city girl . 
 she dodged being in the suburbs like it spelled social ruin . 
 she lifted a shoulder while texting a quick message . 
 `` my brother 's up here for work , and one of his old college lacrosse teammates working for him is hot . 
 and single . 
 and puerto rican . '' 
 she waggled her eyebrows at me , her eyes sparkling . 
 `` of course it would be a man who would lure you to the ` burbs . 
 not your roommate two years running and good friend . '' 
 i tapped my finger on the counter , knowing it was useless to try to make india feel guilty . 
 it was n't in her dna . 
 `` baby girl , no man or friend could get me to the ` burbs singlehandedly , '' she said , `` but a smokin ' - hot man and a snarky good friend could . '' 
 at least i was half the reason she was here . 
 `` how long are you in town ? '' 
 i asked , guessing she 'd be on the red-eye back to miami in the morning . 
 `` a few weeks or so . 
 anton is managing a new call center branch here in town , and as the lowly second-born , my job is to stay out of the way and pretend to look busy . '' 
 she made a whoop-dee-doo twirl with her finger . 
 `` if you 're going into the family biz , why are you majoring in music ? '' 
 the teapot started whistling , so i turned off the burner and reached for a hot pad . 
 `` i 'm majoring in music because that 's what i love . 
 i 'm going into the family biz because i actually want to make money , '' she said , huffing . 
 `` i figure if i do my time this summer and a year or two after i graduate , mom and dad will turn their heads while i live on music and my trust fund for a couple decades . '' 
 i poured the hot water into the cups . 
 `` and your first task in this new job is to go party the night away with a cute puerto rican ? '' 
 i said , trying to hide my smile . 
 `` what can i say ? 
 i 'm living the dream . '' 
 her phone pinged again . 
 it was a noise that went hand in hand with india . 
 someone was always texting her , at any and all hours of the day . 
 i grabbed the cups and carried them over to the table . 
 `` hey , you wan na come with us tonight ? '' 
 she said , glancing up from her phone . 
 `` it will just be me , anton , and ricky . 
 we 're going to the best club in town , apparently , which is n't saying much . 
 i 'll be surprised if they even have a bottle of cristal for us to celebrate with . '' 
 `` the horror , '' i deadpanned , setting her cup in front of her . 
 `` as madam requested . 
 dark , and strong enough to knock your panties right off . '' 
 winking , india lifted her cup to her lips . 
 `` in that case , i 'll have another . '' 
 `` thanks for the invite , and a night on the town is exactly what i need , but i 'm flying out at the crack of dawn to see jude , '' i said , taking a sip of my green tea . 
 `` where is the jude man ? '' 
 `` san diego . 
 he had to leave for preseason training a couple of weeks ago , '' i said . 
 her eyebrows rose . 
 `` so if jude 's in san diego , what in the hell are you doing here in this rat-infested hole ? '' 
 i stuck my tongue out at her , which earned another eye roll . 
 `` i 've got a summer class i 'm taking . '' 
 `` summer class ? 
 pul-lease , '' she said , making a sound with her lips . 
 `` you 've got so many extra credits you could graduate a semester early if you wanted . '' 
 i made a mental note to not be so open with india when it came to any and all aspects of my life . 
 she 'd been born with a built-in bs detector . 
 `` i 'm looking for a job , too , '' i added , focusing on my teacup . 
 `` double pul-lease , '' she said , making that same sound with her mouth . 
 `` why do you need some sucky minimum-wage job when your man 's the newest member of the millionaires club ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 well , it was more like a groan . 
 `` not you , too , india . '' 
 i 'd already had to put together a debate team-quality explanation for jude ; i was n't looking forward to giving a repeat performance . 
 setting down her cup , she studied my face for a moment . 
 `` ah , '' she said at last , `` i get it . '' 
 `` you get what ? '' 
 i replied , not really caring so long as i did n't have to explain what i did n't fully understand myself . 
 grinning , she threw her hands in the air . '' 
 ` all the women who are independent , ' '' she sang , swaying in time to the imaginary music . 
 i chuckled and joined in . '' 
 ` throw your hands up at me , ' '' i sang back , remembering why i was majoring in dance and not music . 
 i could n't carry a tune to save my soul . 
 `` is that what it has to do with ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 `` partly . '' 
 `` and what 's the other part ? '' 
 she asked , grabbing hold of my hand . 
 `` i 'm still trying to figure that part out , '' i admitted . 
 contrary to what i 'd thought , it felt good telling someone that i did n't have a clue why i needed to carve out my own way financially , that i just knew i had to . 
 `` so , what sweet minimum-wage gig are you going to be slaving your summer away at ? '' 
 she said before taking another drink . 
 i shrugged a shoulder . 
 `` i have n't found one . 
 yet . '' 
 i was determined i would , though , and if i 'd learned one thing in life , it was that lucy larson 's stubborn resolve often got what it wanted . 
 india 's face wrinkled before she put her phone up to her ear . 
 `` that 's about to change , '' she said . 
 `` do i want to know ? '' 
 she held her cease-and-desist finger up as i heard someone answer on the other end . 
 `` i 'm on my way , '' she barked . 
 nice greeting . 
 `` well , ricky 's just going to have to wait a little longer , '' she cut in before the voice on the other end got more than a few words in . 
 `` and you 're going to have to wait , too , big brother . '' 
 `` hey , anton , '' i said , loud enough that he could hear me over india 's voice . 
 `` yes , that was lucy , '' she replied . 
 `` yes , lucy larson , my old roommate . '' 
 `` the one and only , '' i said , heading over to the stove to grab the teapot . 
 india also drank her tea like she went through men : quickly and voraciously . 
 `` lucy lives here , '' india continued to explain . 
 `` no , obviously not year-round , dumb ass . 
 the apartment here is her and her fiance 's little love shack they do naughty , naughty things in . '' 
 `` india , '' i hissed , pouring more water into her cup , `` control yourself . '' 
 `` no , he 's not here , '' india said , swatting my butt as i headed back from the kitchen . 
 `` he 's got some sort of football training camp thingy . '' 
 `` thingy ? '' 
 i called out . 
 she dismissed me with a wave . 
 `` i already asked her . 
 she 's got an early flight out in the morning , so she 's taking a pass tonight . '' 
 `` next time , '' i called out again so anton could hear me . 
 i had yet to meet india 's older brother , but i 'd been part of enough of these three-way conversations that i felt like i knew him . 
 in a lot of ways , he reminded me of my brother . 
 he was protective of india , checking in on her almost daily , had a killer sense of humor , and never seemed to run out of things to say . 
 in a word , anton was charismatic . 
 `` will you shut your mouth for two seconds so i can get to the reason i 'm calling you ? '' 
 india interrupted after a few moments . 
 taking my seat again , i heard anton reply , `` shutting mouth . '' 
 `` thank you , '' india said , settling into her chair . 
 `` are you still looking for an administrative assistant ? '' 
 india waited for his answer . 
 `` and how much were you planning on paying per hour ? '' 
 india 's face squished when anton answered . 
 `` tell you what . 
 you make that eighteen dollars an hour and i 've got you the best damn administrative assistant you could ever dream to find . 
 `` you 'd want to interview her first ? '' 
 she said , lifting her shoulders . 
 `` okay . 
 interview her . '' 
 lifting the phone toward me , she pressed the speaker button . 
 `` hey again , anton , '' i said , glaring at india for putting me on the spot . 
 `` sorry my friend 's such a lunatic . '' 
 `` lucy ? '' 
 he replied , sounding as caught off guard as i was . 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 sorry my sister 's such a pushy maniac . '' 
 `` no biggie . 
 i 'm used to it after three years , '' i replied , as i smiled innocently at her . 
 she gave me the finger . 
 anton laughed . 
 his voice was so deep that when he laughed , it sounded like more of a rumble than a laugh . 
 `` so are you really looking for a job , or has india been eating too many ` special ' brownies again ? '' 
 india glared at the phone . 
 `` i 'm really looking for a job , '' i said , feeling like i should let him off the hook by saying i was n't interested in being an assistant , so he would n't feel obligated to give me the job , but i needed a job , and working for indie 's brother for the summer was better than about 99 percent of any other jobs i could find . 
 `` do you have any administrative experience ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said , `` but i 'm a fast learner . '' 
 india shot me a thumbs-up . 
 `` how many words per minute can you type ? '' 
 anton asked next , sounding every bit the professional businessman he 'd become since graduating college a few years back . 
 i motioned to india , looking for help . 
 she mouthed , `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` uh ... some , '' i said , grimacing . 
 anton was silent for a moment . 
 probably trying to figure out a way to let me down gently . 
 `` what 's your proficiency with microsoft office suite ? '' 
 `` well , '' i said , trying to keep a level voice . 
 might as well have a little fun with this impromptu interview . 
 `` i 've danced lead in the nutcracker three times . '' 
 india slapped her leg , rocking in her silent laughter . 
 i swatted her , ready to burst into my own not-so-silent laughter when the sound of anton choking on his own chuckles broke through the phone . 
 `` okay , mr. hotshot , '' i said , `` i 've never worked in an office setting before , and i do n't know how many words i can type per minute or what my proficiency in microsoft office suite is '' - i made air quotes - `` but i 'm a hard worker . 
 i 'll be there on time , and wo n't leave until i 've typed however many words you need me to . 
 okay ? '' 
 `` anything else ? '' 
 anton asked , partially composed . 
 `` yeah , one more thing . 
 if you 're looking for one of those smiling , coffee-fetching , vacant-eyed bimbo types for an assistant , i 'm not your girl . '' 
 this was positively the worst job interview in the history of interviews . 
 crash and burn , lucy . 
 back to the want ads . 
 `` since i 'm not big into bimbos , '' anton said after a few seconds , `` and i really hate coffee and smiling , i 'd say you just landed yourself a job . '' 
 say what ? 
 i gawked at the phone , certain i had n't heard what i thought i had . 
 india did a fist pump into the air as i remained silent . 
 `` can you start first thing tomorrow ? '' 
 anton was all business again . 
 i gave my head a swift shake . 
 `` i 'm leaving tomorrow morning , but can be in at the crack of dawn monday morning . '' 
 `` not even one day on the job and you 're already requesting vacation days ? '' 
 anton teased . 
 `` what kind of employee did i just hire ? '' 
 reality was finally starting to set in . 
 i had a job . 
 a sweet-paying job working for one of my best friend 's brothers . 
 `` the kind of employee you thank your lucky stars for , '' i threw back , ready to hop out of my chair and bust a move . 
 `` lucy larson , administrative assistant , '' anton said . 
 `` i like the sound of that . 
 see you monday morning . '' 
 `` first thing , '' i said . 
 `` thank you , anton . 
 you wo n't regret it . '' 
 `` no , lucy , '' he replied , `` i 'm sure i wo n't . '' 
 you know that person who 's the first out of her seat the instant the airplane comes to `` a complete stop '' ? 
 yeah , that would be me . 
 i was the first person up and the first person off the plane that thursday in san diego . 
 as i powered toward the baggage claim area , i had to remind myself to walk , not run . 
 more than once i forgot . 
 i saw jude before he saw me . 
 he was spinning circles in place , and his eyes fell on me after a final revolution . 
 his shoulders relaxed when he smiled . 
 `` yo , lu-cy ! '' 
 he shouted-rocky-style-above the noise in the airport , breaking into a run my way . 
 i did n't care that we were catching the attention of everyone within hearing and seeing distance ; nor did i care about the show we 'd be giving them soon . 
 the only thing i cared about was the guy running at breakneck speed and getting his arms around me . 
 i was n't walking anymore . 
 my bags were bouncing against me as i dodged around people , and the corners of my eyes stung with the tears forming . 
 you would have thought he 'd been deployed to the middle east for the past year from the way we were charging at each other . 
 when jude reached me , he grabbed me up and spun me around . 
 i held on for the ride , wondering how another person could make me feel whole again . 
 when jude finally set me back down , i let my purse and carry-on fall to the floor . 
 folding me back into his arms , he pressed into me as tightly as two people could fit together . 
 god , it felt so good . 
 `` damn , '' he breathed into my hair . 
 `` i ca n't go that long again . '' 
 his hand cupped the base of my neck and his other arm pressed into the small of my back . 
 my own arms were cinched in a death-hold around his waist . 
 `` me , neither . '' 
 while people grabbed their luggage from baggage claim or waited in line for a cup of coffee , jude and i stood there , frozen in time . 
 five minutes , ten minutes , no minutes ? 
 i did n't know . 
 and i did n't care . 
 he smelled the same , all soap and man , and his skin had darkened another shade in the california sun . 
 `` promise me right now we 'll never go that long again without seeing each other , '' he said , nuzzling into my neck . 
 his breath against my skin gave me goose bumps . 
 `` promise , '' he repeated , looking hard into my eyes . 
 `` i will only make you a promise that i can guarantee i can keep , '' i said , remembering why honesty was a double-edged sword when his face fell a bit . 
 his thumb brushed under the collar of my shirt . 
 `` promise me you 'll marry me . '' 
 i exhaled . 
 that was an easy one . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 his face went from dark to light in the span of two words . 
 `` promise you 'll marry me in the next six months . '' 
 back in the danger zone . 
 i replied with a lift of my eyebrow . 
 he chuckled . 
 `` yeah , yeah . 
 you 're so difficult , luce , '' he said , keeping me tucked under his arm as he turned toward the baggage carousel . 
 there was only one suitcase left spinning around on it . 
 grabbing my bag , jude pretended to be overwhelmed by its size . 
 or weight . 
 or both . 
 `` god , luce , '' he said , looking from me to the bag . 
 `` if i did n't know better , i 'd think you were planning on staying awhile . '' 
 jude 's continued theatrics with my bag caught the attention of a few people waiting at the next carousel over . 
 one little boy in particular . 
 `` two nights is a while for a girl , '' i said , not able to take my eyes off the little boy gaping at jude . 
 no matter where we went , jude got a lot of gaping . 
 the little boys who stared were amusing ; i only tolerated the batting-eyed females because i could n't take out the world 's female population singlehandedly . 
 `` besides , i 've got a present in there for you that took up at least half the space . '' 
 `` present ? '' 
 his eyes sparkled . 
 `` a ` just because ' one ? '' 
 `` are n't those the best kind ? '' 
 i said , grabbing his hand and dragging him over to the airport store . 
 i had an idea . 
 `` i got you a present , too , '' he said proudly as i scanned the store . 
 `` a ` just because ' present ? '' 
 i asked as i found what i was looking for . 
 tugging on his hand , i beelined for it . 
 `` are n't those the best kind ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` yes , they are , '' i said , grabbing the turquoise-and-yellow football before heading to the cashier . 
 `` luce , i can get you one of those for free , '' he said , sounding confused . 
 `` an official one with the whole team 's autographs if you want . '' 
 the cashier rang me up , and , before i could hand her the cash , jude slipped a shiny black card into her hand . 
 `` i got it , '' he said . 
 it 's all right . 
 no biggie , i had to tell myself . 
 he 's just paying for a football . 
 i thanked the cashier , then sifted through my purse until i found a pen . 
 handing him the pen , i held the football in place . 
 `` i just want one autograph . '' 
 he did that half smile , half smirk of his that was by far the sexiest expression in the whole damn world , before signing his name just to the right of the laces . 
 `` i feel like my number-one fan should get something better than an airport football , '' he said , following after me as i headed back to the baggage carousel . 
 `` oh , believe me , '' i called back , `` your number-one fan will be demanding you give her something better later tonight . '' 
 he chuckled , that low-timbered one of his . 
 `` i live to serve . '' 
 pushing the thoughts aside that were making my whole body tingle , i walked toward the little boy who was still gawking at jude . 
 the kid was n't even blinking . 
 i knelt beside him , holding the ball out for him . 
 `` you look like a fan of jude ryder 's , '' i said , grinning as the boy 's eyes widened another notch when he saw the signature . 
 `` his biggest fan , '' the boy said , his voice high and excited . 
 `` you and me both , kiddo , '' i said , motioning at the ball when he stayed frozen . 
 when he finally grabbed the ball , his face lit up like only a child 's could . 
 it was amazing how a signature of the guy i loved could make a person 's day . 
 it was heavy stuff , and something i was n't sure i was ready to process yet . 
 jude had been a big deal back at syracuse , of course , but now playing for the nfl would mean a whole new level of fame . 
 i winked at the boy before standing up . 
 `` thank you , '' he called out as i headed back to where jude stood a way back with my bags . 
 i waved at the boy as he rushed off to his parents and stuck the ball in their faces . 
 `` i know you do n't want it going public , but you 're quite possibly the sweetest person out there , '' jude said , his voice and eyes soft . 
 i grimaced with exaggeration over sweet . 
 `` i think you just made that little guy 's year , '' he said , wrangling my duffel over one arm and grabbing my hand with his other . 
 `` a beautiful stranger picking him out in a crowd . 
 that 's one he 's going to be telling his buddies ten years from now . '' 
 `` that boy had eyes for nothing but you and that football , '' i teased as we headed for the parking garage . 
 `` i would have come over and said hi , but the little guy looked close to hyperventilating as it was . '' 
 `` yeah , i think it 's a good thing you stayed back . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` i 'm certain his heart could n't have taken it if you 'd said something to him . '' 
 fishing keys from his pocket , jude came to an abrupt stop in front of a lifted black truck . 
 `` and i 'm certain my heart ca n't take it if i do n't kiss you , '' he said , resting a hand on my hip . 
 `` right here . 
 right now . '' 
 he stepped closer , until i could feel his body against mine . 
 `` and , luce ? 
 i want you to kiss me until i 'm weak in the knees . '' 
 that melting sensation i got whenever he looked at me the way he was now started to spread from my stomach . 
 lacing my fingers behind his neck , i popped up onto my tiptoes . 
 `` i live to serve , '' i whispered , quoting him from earlier , before pressing my lips to his . 
 this was n't a soft kiss . 
 it was n't a sweet or shy kiss either . 
 this was the kind of kiss you gave when you knew death was moments away . 
 this was the kind of kiss you could feel in every part of you , and the kind of kiss that was dangerously close to making me combust right here in the airport parking garage . 
 fully clothed and all . 
 my hands moved from his neck to the bottom hem of his shirt . 
 skimming my fingers inside , i played with the skin trailing along his jeans . 
 our tongues tangled as my thumbs skimmed lower . 
 moaning into my mouth , jude dug his hands into my backside , pushing himself up against me . 
 okay , yeah . 
 if he kept pressing and moving against me like that i was about two hot seconds away from ripping both of our clothes off . 
 as he picked me up , i wrapped my legs around him . 
 pressing my back up against the truck , he bowed my neck over the hood to give him better access . 
 his mouth moved from mine to my neck , kissing and sucking the sensitive skin until i could n't breathe . 
 somewhere in the back of my sex-crazed mind , i realized the truck 's owner probably would n't be down with jude and me going at it , having clothed sex on the hood , but i was long past words ... and caring . 
 so when the snaps and clicks of cameras started to grow louder , i paid them no attention . 
 all i felt was jude 's mouth and body moving over me . 
 it was obvious that was all he cared about , too , because it was n't until the people and cameras were a few cars away that either of us took notice . 
 `` jude ! 
 jude ! '' 
 they were shouting . 
 `` lucy ! 
 lucy ! '' 
 more shouting and snapping , so much it shot us both out of our makeout haze . 
 jude 's muscles tensed over me , and , when his face lifted over mine , i saw a familiar expression i had n't seen in a long time . 
 dr. jekyll , meet mr. hyde . 
 `` jude , '' i begged . 
 `` chill out , '' i coaxed as he set me down . 
 the photographers continued to yell things at us . 
 some comments were too vulgar to repeat . 
 their cameras never stopped snapping . 
 angling himself in front of me , jude stiffened further . 
 shit . 
 this would not turn out well for all the parties involved if i could n't talk king kong down from the empire state building . 
 `` jude , '' i said , grabbing his arm and trying to turn him around . 
 he did n't budge . 
 `` it 's fine . 
 they 're just pictures . '' 
 god , the muscles in his arm felt like they were going to burst through his shirt . 
 `` they 're pictures of you and me , luce , '' he replied , seething as the cameras continued to go off . 
 `` pictures of you and me doing something i do n't want everyone else to see . '' 
 why was he just standing there , letting them get more photos of him about to blow his lid ? 
 `` this is not the first time we 've been under public scrutiny , '' i said . 
 `` and it wo n't be the last . 
 and i sure as heck am not going to stop letting you kiss me like that whenever and wherever the mood strikes , so we might as well start getting used to it now . '' 
 i do n't know where i was finding the sense to be so reasonable . 
 `` how 's she in bed , jude ? '' 
 one of the photographers , who had no sense of self-preservation , called out . 
 `` what did you just say , dickhead ? '' 
 jude charged a few steps forward . 
 i did n't let go of him , so he had to drag me right along . 
 `` jude , stop . 
 think ! '' 
 i yelled , realizing he 'd only gotten stronger in the weeks of summer training . 
 `` stop and think ! '' 
 my body could n't stop him , but my words could . 
 coming to an abrupt stop , jude glanced at me . 
 it was the shortest of looks , but his whole face morphed in that silent exchange . 
 he closed his eyes and took in a few breaths before looking back at the photographers . 
 giving his shoulders an anger-defusing shake , he slid his phone from his pocket . 
 holding it up , jude took a picture . 
 `` there . 
 i 've got all your faces on my camera now , '' he said , his voice controlled . 
 just barely . 
 `` if i see or hear about any one of those pictures being printed , i 'll come after each and every one of you . '' 
 jude pointed his finger at the photographer who 'd been stupid enough to ask about my skills in the sack . 
 `` starting with you . '' 
 after they 'd picked their jaws up from the ground , the photographers started to disperse . 
 one chanced snapping one more , but rethought that when murder flashed over jude 's face . 
 only when the last one was out of sight did jude 's shoulders relax . 
 turning around , he had the good grace to at least look sheepish . 
 `` sorry ? '' 
 he said , rubbing the back of his neck . 
 i nudged him , proud of his restraint . 
 `` if i had a quarter for every time i 've said-no , i 've shouted - ` jude ! ' 
 and , ` stop ! ' 
 in the same breath , i 'd be a rich woman . '' 
 picking my bags back up , he hung an arm over me . 
 `` you already are a rich woman , '' he said , making my stomach drop . 
 i was n't a rich woman . 
 he was rich . 
 `` and if i had a quarter for actually listening to you when you 've yelled the words ` jude ! ' 
 and ` stop ! ' 
 in the same breath ... '' he grinned down at me . 
 `` i 'd be middle-class . '' 
 `` what do you think the owner would say if he knew what we 'd just done on the hood of his new truck ? '' 
 i said as jude steered me around the side of it . 
 `` he 'd probably ask for a repeat performance . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` probably . 
 only horny pervs drive trucks like these . '' 
 grabbing the handle , jude swung the door open . 
 `` i 'm with you on the horny part , but could we drop the perv part ? 
 i do n't really want my fiancee to think of me as a pervert . '' 
 my mouth dropped open as jude situated my bags in the backseat . 
 `` this is yours ? 
 when did you get it ? 
 where 's your old truck ? '' 
 i could n't stop the flow of questions . 
 holding out his hand for me , he helped me into the truck . 
 i had to leap to get inside . 
 `` this is mine . 
 i got it a couple days ago . 
 and my old truck is going to be scrapped as soon as possible . '' 
 shutting the door behind me , he jogged around the front and crawled into the driver 's seat . 
 even jude in all his gigantor size had to jump to get inside . 
 when he turned the key over , the engine fired to life . 
 it was so loud , it vibrated the cab . 
 `` now , this is a truck we could get it on in , '' he said , eyeing the second-row seat , where there was more than enough space for `` getting it on . '' 
 `` we did n't have any problem in your old truck , '' i muttered , clicking my seat belt into place . 
 jude stopped in the middle of reversing out of the spot , eyeing the empty middle seat , then looking at where i sat at the end of the bench . 
 `` you hated that old rust bucket , '' he said , visibly hurt i was n't sitting right next to him like i normally did . 
 unfastening my belt , i scooted over until i was pressed against him . 
 jude 's body running the length of mine was the only thing familiar about this truck . 
 `` it was a love/hate relationship , '' i said defensively . 
 `` that was more love than hate . '' 
 clearly appeased , he hung his arm over my shoulders and continued out of the parking spot . 
 `` well , i 've still got the beater , so you can say your good-byes before he goes off to truck heaven . '' 
 `` i 'm not ready for him to go to truck heaven . '' 
 i pouted , wondering why i was so upset . 
 jude was right : i was n't his old truck 's biggest fan . 
 but now , seeing what it had been replaced with-something shiny and new-made me anxious for reasons i did n't want to admit to myself . 
 `` i got you a little present , '' jude said . 
 `` it 's in the glove box . '' 
 once he was free and clear of the garage , he gunned it . 
 you would have thought that truck had the engine of an indy car from the way it took off . 
 `` my just-because present ? '' 
 `` just because i love you , '' he said , clearly eager for me to open it . 
 i was nervous , even more so after seeing the new truck , the cost of which i could n't even begin to imagine . 
 when i opened the glove box , a robin 's - egg-blue box with a white bow toppled out . 
 i picked it up , already close to hyperventilating . 
 i 'd never received a gift in the blue-and-white box , but it was iconic . 
 every girl knew what store it came from and what was inside . 
 it was a female rite of passage to identify this particular shade of robin 's - egg blue . 
 i brought it to my lap and stared at it . 
 `` open it , '' he encouraged . 
 `` i 've been dying to give it to you since i picked it out last week . '' 
 i smiled . 
 it was impossible not to with that boyish look on his face . 
 `` this is a pretty fancy box , mr. ryder , '' i said , untying the bow . 
 `` walmart does a pretty badass gift wrap , do n't they ? '' 
 i elbowed him . 
 `` nice try . '' 
 i doubted i 'd ever get another walmart present from him again . 
 the idea made me sad . 
 `` open it , '' he said . 
 `` nothing 's too good for my girl . 
 it 's nice i can finally afford those things you deserve . '' 
 `` jude - '' before i could say whatever i 'd been planning to say next , his mouth was on mine , fast and hard . 
 just as quickly , it was gone . 
 i might have thought i 'd made the whole thing up if i could n't still taste him on my lips . 
 `` open it , '' he said , his face smug . 
 he knew exactly what he was doing and used that to his advantage . 
 he could have been asking me to jump off a cliff , and i was so foggy brained i would have . 
 i took a breath and slid the lid off . 
 nestled inside was a silver cuff bracelet . 
 simple and elegant . 
 something i would have picked out for myself , if i 'd allowed myself to pick out something so nice . 
 `` wow , '' i breathed , pulling it out . 
 it was heavy and cool to the touch . 
 `` do you like it ? '' 
 he glanced between the road and me . 
 `` now , that 's a bracelet , '' i said , not having to fake my excitement for him . 
 `` turn it over , '' he instructed . 
 `` there 's something else . '' 
 shooting him a curious look , i rotated the bracelet . 
 there was an engraving on the inside , and the words made me weak in all the places a girl could go weak . '' 
 ` for my luce , ' '' i read . 
 luce had two sparkly stones around it . 
 my dad would love the `` lucy in the sky with diamonds '' reference . '' 
 ` who has all my firsts that matter . ' '' 
 `` wow , '' i repeated . 
 words were failing me . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 he asked , looking at the bracelet proudly . 
 `` jude , '' i started . 
 `` it 's ... it 's ... '' i had nothing more than one-syllable babble . 
 sliding the cuff onto my left wrist , i searched for the right words that would express my thanks . 
 nothing . 
 totally tongue-tied . 
 i was a dancer , not a writer ; my body expressed the way i was feeling a hundred times better than my words ever could . 
 and then it came to me . 
 leaning closer , i kissed his scar . 
 once , twice , and then a third time before i moved to his mouth . 
 i 'd taken him by surprise . 
 that was apparent from the way his muscles tensed . 
 taking jude ryder by surprise was rare , and i was going to enjoy it . 
 sweeping gentle kisses over his entire mouth , i savored the moment . 
 our other kisses were so passionate and unyielding i felt like i was being consumed by them , but this one i held on to . 
 i enjoyed the scent of salt on his skin . 
 the way the fullness of his bottom lip felt in my mouth . 
 the way his tongue tasted against mine . 
 i pressed one final kiss into the center of his mouth . 
 `` thank you , '' i said . 
 `` i love my bracelet . '' 
 okay , one final , final kiss . 
 `` and i love you . '' 
 `` damn , woman , '' he said , whistling through his teeth . 
 `` have mercy . 
 if that 's the thanks i get , i will be getting you jewelry every single day . '' 
 as i leaned my head on his shoulder , i admired the bracelet . 
 he had a finger , and now a wrist . 
 and he had my heart . 
 jude ryder was slowly taking me over , one body part at a time . 
 `` and you 're welcome . '' 
 we sat in silence for a few minutes . 
 i slid my fingers up and down his as he was content to draw circles on my arm . 
 it was peaceful , and although these kinds of quiet moments had been increasing during our time together , peace was n't a regular thing in our relationship . 
 i hoped that one day that would change . 
 `` hey , i need you to put something on , '' he said , pulling something out of his pocket . 
 my eyes narrowed at the thing dangling from his index finger . 
 `` a blindfold ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` a black satin blindfold ? 
 what was i saying about you being a horny perv ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` this has nothing to do with horny ... kinky ... perverty , '' he said , sounding increasingly uneasy with each word . 
 i held in my laugh . 
 `` damn , '' i teased . 
 `` there 's a way to ruin a girl 's day . '' 
 `` so difficult , '' he said under his breath . 
 `` just put it on . 
 i 've got another surprise for you . '' 
 grabbing the blindfold , i slid it on . 
 `` does this surprise have to do with any horny , kinky , perverty fun ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` double damn . '' 
 more laughter . 
 `` luce , you are busting my balls big-time today . '' 
 `` that 's because i 'm into that kind of thing . 
 you know ? 
 the horny , kinky , perverty kind of thing . '' 
 if i was going to be blindfolded so he could take me to some other surprise , i was going to let my snarky side run free . 
 it was n't much longer before the truck came to a stop . 
 `` we 're here , '' he said , his voice all boyish and excited again . 
 `` we 're where ? '' 
 grabbing my hands , he helped me out of the cab . 
 thankfully , he lifted me from the truck , because i did n't want to make a blindfolded jump not knowing what the hell i 'd land on . 
 `` here , '' he answered , guiding me by the shoulders . 
 we were moving over a hard surface . 
 concrete ? 
 asphalt ? 
 stone , maybe ? 
 other than the sound of running water , fountains possibly , it was quiet . 
 he could n't have been taking me to a store ; we were n't at the beach ... where in the world were we ? 
 suddenly , he scooped me into his arms and jogged up what i assumed were stairs , before i heard a door open . 
 turning sideways , jude walked inside before setting me down . 
 my heart was already in my throat before he slid the blindfold back . 
 the first thing i saw was his eyes . 
 i wanted to keep looking at them , to never look away , because i already knew what i was going to see when i did . 
 i was scared to shift my gaze . 
 `` i could n't find a big enough bow to put around it , '' he said , turning me around . 
 `` i hope you do n't mind . '' 
 thankfully jude had wrapped his arms around me , so when i wavered in place , he kept me upright . 
 we were standing in a cavernous room , a space that could fit a decent-size home , and we were just in the foyer . 
 a room a person walked through to get to others that were the size of my parents ' cabin . 
 there were two staircases going up to the second floor . 
 one for going up ? 
 one for going down ? 
 i did n't have a clue , but it was n't the only thing over-the-top about this place . 
 the chandelier hanging in the center of the room was the size of a volkswagen , the furniture was so ornate it went past the point of offensive , and the marble floors were so shiny they almost looked like an ice-skating rink . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 i whispered , hoping the answer i 'd arrived at was wrong . 
 `` the soon-to-be residence of a mr. and mrs. ryder , '' he answered , tucking his chin over my shoulder . 
 he was grinning like a crazy man , but that changed when he saw my face . 
 `` luce ? '' 
 he said , the excitement gone from his voice . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i closed my eyes . 
 i could n't keep looking around . 
 each new thing i saw drove me that much closer to having a full-fledged panic attack . 
 `` what is this , jude ? '' 
 `` our home , '' he said slowly . 
 `` no . 
 our home is back in new york . '' 
 his forehead wrinkled . 
 `` no , that place is a condemned apartment we rent . 
 that place is a tetanus shot waiting to happen , '' he said , sounding defensive . 
 `` you 're standing in our home . 
 the place we 're going to own outright in a year 's time . '' 
 `` i like our apartment , '' i whispered , weaving out of his embrace . 
 things were changing too fast . 
 the nfl , the cross-country move , the money , the house ... it was all moving at warp speed and i could n't even begin to keep up . 
 we 'd been pulling change out of the seat cushions to pay our electric bill last month , and this month we were standing inside the foyer of a house that was the size of a small country . 
 `` you hate that place . '' 
 his voice was getting louder , and he was looking at me in that way again . 
 like he did n't recognize me . 
 i hated that look . 
 `` it 's a love/hate relationship that 's more - '' `` what the hell , luce ? '' 
 he interrupted . 
 `` what new kind of crazy have you caught ? '' 
 that trigger-touch temper of mine , like his , just shot to the surface . 
 however , like jude , i 'd been learning to control mine . 
 i got that in jude 's mind , he 'd picked this place thinking i 'd love it . 
 i knew that at the core of every decision jude made , my happiness was his top priority , and i loved that about him . 
 i knew his heart was in the right place when he 'd decided to turn us into the joneses overnight , but i was upset about the way he 'd gone about it . 
 how could he make this huge life decision on his own without even consulting me first ? 
 we were a team . 
 we should be making decisions as one . 
 biting my tongue , i inhaled slowly before i dared to reply . 
 `` same question right back at ya : what kind of crazy have you caught ? '' 
 i said , nothing antagonistic in my voice , because that was n't how i meant it . 
 i truly was wondering what new kind of crazy jude had caught to go out and get a place like this . 
 popping his neck from side to side , jude took his time replying . 
 we were both working to keep our anger monkeys in their cages . 
 `` i 'm renting the place right now until i get my first big check , and then the owner 's agreed to sell it to me fully furnished . '' 
 he stopped and took another deep breath . 
 `` you should see the lagoon and tennis court in the back . 
 this place is hooked up . '' 
 `` lagoon ? 
 tennis court ? '' 
 my stomach was feeling more and more sick . 
 i reminded myself once more that jude had done this because he loved me . 
 not because he wanted to piss me the hell off . 
 i bit back what i wanted to say . 
 `` jude , we 're twenty-one years old . '' 
 `` we 're twenty-one-year-old millionaires , '' he said with a shrug . 
 `` and now that i 've got the means to give you anything and everything , i 'm going to . 
 i want to make you happy , luce . 
 that 's all i give a damn about , '' he said , pointing at me . 
 `` you . 
 happy . 
 forever . '' 
 `` happy ? '' 
 i repeated , crossing my arms . 
 `` you think this is what 's going to make me happy ? 
 what did you do ? 
 go down to the local library and check out the idiot 's guide to making a gold-digging trophy wife happy ? '' 
 i tried biting my tongue again . 
 man , i tried , but apparently i 'd reached my quota of tongue-biting today . 
 `` because if i was a gold digger then i imagine this would make me very happy , '' i said , sweeping my arms around the room . 
 `` but i 'm not . 
 despite your wanting me to be this girl who wants your money , i 'm not that girl ! '' 
 what was i saying ? 
 what was i so mad about ? 
 jude 's face went from shocked , to sad , to angry in two seconds flat . 
 `` no , you 're not that girl , luce . 
 it does n't seem like i can do anything to make you happy these days . 
 maybe you just do n't want to be happy . '' 
 those words were like a slap to my face . 
 i reminded myself yet again that this house was jude 's way of showing his love for me , but my temper had taken off and i could n't pull it back . 
 `` here 's a tip . 
 if you 're looking to make someone happy , maybe you should think about what they 'd want , not what you want them to want . '' 
 wrapping his hands behind his neck , jude spun away from me . 
 `` and here 's a tip for you . 
 you have to be willing to let happiness in when it comes your way . '' 
 his words made me flinch . 
 `` how is you buying a house for us in southern california without asking me first supposed to equate with happiness ? 
 i live in new york , jude . 
 new . 
 york . '' 
 `` you live in new york for another year , '' he said , staring at the nearest wall like he wanted to bang his head against it . 
 `` once you 're done with school you can leave and move in with me . '' 
 this was n't a slap . 
 this was a punch . 
 a sucker punch to the gut . 
 `` i can leave new york and move in with you here ? 
 in california ? 
 in a playboy-size mansion ? '' 
 how had there been such a disconnect between us ? 
 where did he get off assuming he could just map my life out for me without checking with me first ? 
 `` who said i wanted to pick up and move across the country to live with you here in the land of fake tits and phony smiles ? '' 
 from the look on his face , you would have thought i 'd just socked him in the stomach . 
 `` when you agreed to marry me . 
 when you let me put that ring on your finger . '' 
 his words were slow and controlled . 
 so much so they were scary-sounding . 
 `` so what you heard when i said yes to marrying you is that i 'd willingly-no , gladly-give up my dreams , future plans , et cetera , et cetera , so you could live yours ? '' 
 i shouted . 
 `` because i guess i missed the fine print . '' 
 jude closed his eyes . 
 `` what do you want , lucy ? '' 
 i cringed internally . 
 he called me lucy only if he was really pissed or hurt . 
 `` because apparently i do n't have a damn clue . 
 so tell me . 
 what . 
 the . 
 hell . 
 do . 
 you . 
 want ? '' 
 `` i want to finish school . 
 i 'm going to school for dance , so i know it might seem crazy , but i 'd actually like to dance after i graduate . '' 
 i could barely look at him right now . 
 not because of what he was saying , but because of what i was saying to him . 
 i did n't want to hurt him ; in fact , i wanted the opposite . 
 so when i hurt him , i hated myself . 
 `` okay , you want to dance . '' 
 he extended his arms at his sides . 
 `` good news , luce . 
 you can dance here in san diego . 
 problem solved . '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` problem not solved . 
 if i want to dance in some crummy community theater rendition of swan lake once a year , i can dance here . 
 i did not work my butt off dancing the past fifteen years of my life to perform half-assed dances in front of snoring seniors who paid ten dollars a ticket . '' 
 jude 's forehead lined . 
 well , it lined deeper . 
 `` so what are you saying ? 
 you want to stay in new york when you 're done with school ? '' 
 how had we not worked this out before ? 
 maybe because we 'd been so busy living in the moment , or stumbling over our pasts , we 'd forgotten to look ahead . 
 we 'd missed the future part of our relationship . 
 `` new york . 
 paris . 
 london , '' i said , shrugging . 
 `` those are the cities where dancers who want to dance go . '' 
 i could see jude 's internal battle . 
 the same wtf one i was experiencing . 
 why had it taken us so long to figure out that what i wanted and what he wanted might not align ? 
 `` well , shit , luce . 
 i did n't get drafted by the jets . 
 or the giants . 
 or some european league , '' he said , shaking his head . 
 `` i got drafted by the chargers . 
 i 'm going to be in san diego for a while . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` you know what ? '' 
 `` i know you 're in san diego . 
 i know i 'm in new york . '' 
 i wanted-i needed-a break from this conversation . 
 a few hours to figure out what was happening , what had been said , and where to go from here . 
 i knew my priorities , and jude was one notch above dance , but did jude place me one notch below football in his mind ? 
 i did n't think so . 
 he 'd proven i came first over and over again , but this-the house , the truck , the expectations , the assumptions-all of this was starting to worry me . 
 i needed to sort some serious shit out , and i could n't do it with him staring at me the way he was now . 
 and i certainly could n't do it inside this mansion-on-steroids . 
 `` where does that leave us then , luce ? '' 
 he said , his voice quiet and his face tired . 
 he looked like he needed time to work things out as badly as i did . 
 where did that leave us ? 
 san diego ? 
 new york ? 
 somewhere smack in the middle ? 
 `` at a crossroads , '' i said with a shrug . 
 `` a crossroads ? '' 
 he repeated , coming toward me . 
 `` after everything we 've been through , you 're telling me we 're at a crossroads when i 've got a ring on your finger and all our dreams are finally coming true ? '' 
 i took a deep breath before replying . 
 `` no . 
 all your dreams are coming true . 
 i 'm still working on mine , so yes , we 're at a crossroads . '' 
 the veins in his neck were coming to the surface . 
 he was pissed , and i was only making it worse . 
 `` we are not at a crossroads , '' he hissed through his teeth . 
 `` oh , yes , we damn well are at a crossroads ! '' 
 i yelled back . 
 his face went a little red . 
 `` no . 
 we 're . 
 not . '' 
 `` yes . 
 we . 
 are ! '' 
 god , were we really doing this ? 
 fighting by repeating each other 's words , like a couple of middle school kids ? 
 `` goddammit , lucy larson ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 `` no , we 're not ! 
 and that 's that , so stop talking about crossroads . 
 in fact , just stop talking , because everything that 's coming out of your mouth is plain crazy ! '' 
 i felt tears pricking to the surface and i was n't going to let them fall here . 
 `` you 're a real ass sometimes , you know that ? '' 
 i said , before running across the enormous foyer , heading toward the back of the house . 
 i needed to get away from jude , get some fresh air , and get my mind-set straight again . 
 i was a mess and was only going to get messier if i stayed in the same room with him for another minute . 
 i heard jude curse at the top of his lungs before his footsteps sounded behind me . 
 `` wait , luce , '' he said , but i could n't . 
 not this time . 
 racing down a hall , i came around a corner into another giant room . 
 rushing through it , i headed for the double doors that i assumed led outside . 
 fresh air . 
 a minute to think . 
 shoving through the door , i found myself , presumably , in the backyard . 
 but this was a backyard like no other . 
 like the house , it was spacious and elaborate . 
 the `` lagoon '' i 'd heard soooo much about was in front of me . 
 there was a natural rock feature coming out of the center of it , featuring slides going into the pool . 
 it reminded me of the pool at the hotel we 'd stayed at in the bahamas when i was ten . 
 my brother and i could n't be pulled away from that thing the whole week . 
 behind the pool there was another building , this one more the size of a regular house . 
 i guessed it was the pool house . 
 i heard jude 's footsteps approaching , but i was n't ready for him . 
 he liked to talk things out first , think them out later . 
 i was exactly the opposite , and i knew , given the heated topic , if we picked up where we left off before i had a couple hours to cool down , another screaming match would ensue . 
 i might not have matured enough to keep from yelling , but i was wise enough to try to avoid it when i could . 
 striding across the back patio , i hoped whatever part of the backyard was behind the next turn would provide some temporary shelter or hiding place . 
 the instant i turned , i knew peace and quiet would n't be on the agenda tonight . 
 milling about a sprawling patio were a few dozen bodies . 
 drinks in hand , chatting with one another , they did n't notice me at first . 
 and then jude came racing around the corner , still yelling my name . 
 then they noticed me . 
 `` what the - '' `` f - '' what i started , jude finished . 
 eight `` wow . 
 we suck at throwing a surprise party . '' 
 a guy who looked like he could bench a semi truck came forward with a couple champagne glasses in hand . 
 i was still trying to determine whether i 'd landed in oz when the giant , whose shoulders and strut gave him away as a starting linebacker , handed me a glass . 
 i took it automatically , trying to ignore everyone looking at me like i was an experiment gone wrong . 
 `` we might have screwed up the surprise part , but we certainly wo n't screw up the ` party ' part . '' 
 the giant handed the other glass to jude , then slid a flask out of his jacket pocket . 
 unscrewing the cap , he lifted it . 
 `` to the new master and mistress of this california castle . 
 may the parties be wild and the sex even wilder . '' 
 winking back at us , he shouted , `` cheers ! '' 
 a chorus of , `` cheers ! '' 
 exploded , but i was beyond words . 
 even one-syllable ones . 
 i was n't sure what twilight zone i 'd found myself in , but i wanted out . 
 now . 
 `` terrell , '' jude said , coming up behind me . 
 i could feel the heat from his body , he was that close , and i wanted to have those arms hold me right now so badly ... so i took a couple steps away . 
 i both was and was n't ready for his arms around me . 
 `` what the hell is this ? '' 
 jude did n't sound angry , but he was n't happy either . 
 `` an attempt at a surprise party , '' terrell replied . 
 `` the team wanted to christen your new crib accordingly . 
 and what says christening better than thirty of your rowdy teammates , their hot wives , girlfriends , mistresses , dates , and everything else in between '' - his eyebrows waggled in suggestion - `` and booze . '' 
 behind me , jude sighed . 
 he sounded as tired as i felt . 
 `` plus , we wanted to meet the infamous lucy , '' terrell continued , smiling at me . 
 `` i 'm the guy who keeps your man from getting his ass sacked , lucy , '' he said , extending his hand . 
 it was so big , it swallowed mine whole . 
 `` our qb here assumes it 's his fancy moves , and not mine , that will keep him from going down , but i 'll let you in on a little secret . '' 
 terrell leaned in . 
 `` he 's wrong . '' 
 a round of laughter went through the crowd . 
 `` jude makes a lot of assumptions , '' i said , giving him a pointed look . 
 terrell stared between me and jude before grabbing the glass from jude 's hand and steering him toward a table with more bottles of alcohol than there were people in attendance . 
 `` you need something stronger than this , i 'm guessing . '' 
 jude looked back at me but stayed with terrell . 
 the jude i knew would n't have let anyone pull him away from me . 
 especially when i was upset and uncomfortable . 
 `` ladies ! '' 
 terrell hollered . 
 `` make lucy one of the gang . '' 
 i stood there for a few more moments , feeling like i was the last person to be picked for kickball , when one of the girls stepped away from the player she was with and approached . 
 she was n't dressed like the others , who adhered to the shorter-is-better policy when it came to dress selection . 
 she was sporting an airy wrap dress and gold sandals , and , unlike the rest of the female faces staring at me like i was gum on the bottom of a shoe , she had a smile on her face . 
 a genuine smile . 
 `` so you 're the lucy jude ca n't stop talking about , '' she said , and instead of shaking my hand , she pulled me into a hug . 
 like her smile , her hug was a real one . 
 `` it 's nice to meet the girl a guy ca n't shut up about . 
 reminds me of the way my husband used to be about me before we had four kids and became the laziest romantics ever . '' 
 she motioned over to the group of guys jude had been escorted to . 
 a guy about jude 's height and weight tilted his beer our way . 
 `` i 'm sybill , and that 's my husband , deon , over there . '' 
 `` hey , lucy ! '' 
 deon tilted his beer at us again . 
 `` i 'm the one who earns his paycheck . 
 these other posers just like to cash 'em . '' 
 deon received a round of shoves from the guys around him . 
 `` that 's right , baby ! '' 
 sybill said , before turning her attention back on me . 
 `` so . 
 how are you hanging in there ? '' 
 as a policy , i did n't normally spill my guts to total strangers , but sybill 's warm smile cut right through my gut-spilling rules and restrictions . 
 `` it 's a lot to take in , '' i began . 
 `` weeks ago jude was a college student , and now he 's going to be playing on millions of televisions in a couple months . '' 
 `` it most certainly is a lot to take in , '' she said . 
 `` when deon was drafted , we were seniors in college . 
 i packed up and moved across the country and , i kid you not , found out i was pregnant a week before his first game . '' 
 she laughed , staring at her husband in a way i was familiar with . 
 it was the way i looked at jude . 
 `` i was so scared it would throw him off that i did n't tell him until after the game was over . 
 we were married a month later and decided one was so much fun , we might as well have three more . '' 
 `` that sounds like a hell of a lot to absorb all at once , '' i said , snagging a bottle of water from a table . 
 `` but look at you two now . '' 
 i motioned between them , because words were useless when it came to describing their obvious connection . 
 `` a couple who has to schedule nooky to make sure we still make time for it . '' 
 she winked over at me . 
 `` but it 's a good life . 
 and i 've got a good man who gave me four kids who i love so much i feel a little nutty sometimes . '' 
 okay . 
 i was glomming onto sybill at these events and not letting go . 
 ever . 
 we could rock our jeans and tees together while the rest of the girls flounced around in satin and sequins . 
 `` speaking of my four munchkins ... '' rummaging through her purse , sybill pulled out a phone and answered it . 
 `` what 's up , jess ? '' 
 frowning , she motioned at her husband . 
 `` okay , give riley a bit of sprite and a saltine . 
 we 'll be home in a half hour . '' 
 `` sick munchkin ? '' 
 i guessed . 
 `` vomiting-spaghetti-and-meatballs munchkin , '' she said . 
 `` hey , deon ! 
 riley 's sick . 
 you wan na grab the car and i 'll meet you out front ? '' 
 deon flicked her a salute and jogged inside . 
 `` sorry your little man 's sick , '' i said . 
 `` i hope he feels better soon . '' 
 `` knowing riley , he 'll be up and playing wii by the time we get home . '' 
 she waved at a few of the guests before patting my forearm . 
 `` do n't let the other girls intimidate you , lucy , '' she said quietly . 
 `` there 's not a whole lot going on up here '' - she tapped her head - `` or here '' - her hand moved to her heart - `` but they 're easily controlled . 
 they 're so shallow , all you have to do is tell them you like their new purse , or dress , or boob job , and you 'll be one of the gang . 
 shower them in schmooze and you 're in . '' 
 i looked back at where the rest of the party was , then at sybill , who was heading inside the house . 
 `` i do n't think i want in . '' 
 she threw me a smile . 
 `` yeah , me neither . 
 obviously i never have been or will be an ` it ' girl , '' she said with a shrug . 
 `` i like you , lucy larson . 
 let 's be friends . '' 
 it was such a kindergarten way of putting it , but so honest . 
 one good thing had come of this day-i had a new friend . 
 `` i like you , too . 
 friend . '' 
 she waved before glancing back at jude . 
 `` sweet pad , qb ! 
 sorry to eat and run , but life calls . '' 
 jude glanced between sybill and me , not doing as good a job as i was of pretending we had n't just had a screaming match minutes ago . 
 `` thanks , sybill , '' he replied . 
 `` i 'm glad you got to finally meet luce . '' 
 with sybill gone , and jude starting to make his way toward me , that group of girls to my right were a welcome distraction . 
 i ignored the fact that their dresses were so shiny that together they created a collective disco ball . 
 i also ignored that i would be the smallest-boobed girl in the bunch . 
 smallest by a landslide . 
 all i knew was that i was n't ready to talk to jude just yet , i was n't ready to move past the nasty things we 'd said to each other , and i certainly did n't want a repeat of that blowup . 
 i 'd get past it-i always did-but not yet . 
 as jude drew closer , i popped over to the girls . 
 i should have reminded myself that `` popping '' was n't exactly a casual way to work your way into the group . 
 every flatironed , platinum-blond head spun toward me . 
 how many times did i need to be on the spot in my twenty-one years of life ? 
 really ? 
 however , my not-so-stealthy move had worked . 
 jude was n't marching my way anymore . 
 smart man . 
 out of the pan , into the fire . 
 say something , lucy , i commanded myself as everyone waited , staring at me like i did n't belong . 
 then i remembered sybill 's words of wisdom . 
 i latched on to the first thing that caught my attention . 
 `` i love your ring , '' i said , nodding at the girl next to me , her hand curled around a champagne glass . 
 there was another moment of silence before a chorus of `` awww `` s went through the group . 
 `` that is so sweet of you to say , '' ring girl said , putting her other hand to her chest . 
 wow . 
 i 'd seen big boobs in my day , but these things . 
 they could have had their own zip code . 
 `` chad got it for me for our anniversary . '' 
 more `` aww `` s . 
 the sound was like nails on a chalkboard . 
 i did n't do `` awww . '' 
 `` how many years have you been married ? '' 
 i asked , feeling like i had this small-talk thing down . 
 `` not our wedding anniversary , silly , '' she said , laughing like i was just too cute . 
 `` we 're not married , just dating . '' 
 `` oh , '' i said . 
 `` how many years have you been together ? '' 
 `` two months today , '' she said proudly . 
 `` you 've been dating for two months , and he got you that ? '' 
 whoever this chad was , he was a certifiable idiot . 
 or whoever this ring girl was , she was rather talented at what she did . 
 `` no , she got that because she 's been giving him bjs for two months , '' the girl to my left said under her breath before snickering . 
 `` she 's obviously very good with her mouth . '' 
 the girls all joined in with her snickering , even the girl who gave the best bjs on the block , apparently . 
 `` wow , '' i said . 
 `` good for you . '' 
 i had no other reply . 
 sybill was right : there was nothing going on up there . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 a dark-haired girl across from me piped up . 
 `` let 's see your ring . '' 
 holding out my hand , i could n't help the smile that formed . 
 one always did when i looked at my engagement ring . 
 it had a special way of reminding me of jude 's and my past , as well as the promise of our future . 
 there was powerful stuff in that ring . 
 `` how big is that ? '' 
 she asked . 
 continuing to admire it , i said , `` a third of a carat . '' 
 a few sharp snickers , followed by a hush . 
 when i looked up , i found the dark-haired girl fighting a smirk . 
 `` oh , '' she said , flashing her ring that was ten , if not twenty times bigger than mine . 
 `` i did n't realize they made diamonds that small . '' 
 another round of snickers . 
 and now i was pissed all over again . 
 at least it was n't at jude . 
 he 'd worked his ass off to save enough money to buy my engagement ring , and these self-righteous bitches who had likely never worked a day in their lives were going to take a piss on his hard work ? 
 yeah , not on my watch . 
 `` they come in all shapes and sizes , '' i said , meeting her stare with my glare . 
 `` kind of like brains . '' 
 quirking a brow , i spun on my heel and left . 
 i could n't get away fast enough . 
 looked like i was going to have one female friend in this crowd this year . 
 one true friend was worth more than fifty frenemies who laughed at my engagement ring . 
 bitches . 
 after not-so-casually slipping away from the lionesses ' den , i wandered around the backyard . 
 since it was more like a park than a yard , it should have been easy to find a quiet spot . 
 i could still hear the dull roar of the party when my phone chimed in my purse . 
 assuming it was jude , i was ready to hit ignore when a different but familiar phone number showed up on the screen . 
 i was n't really in the mood for talking , but the caller on the other end was n't one for long conversations anyway . 
 `` hey , dad , '' i answered , as i continued to weave my way through the landscape . 
 i was pretty sure there was yet another god-awful , overstated fountain waiting at the end of my path , so i switched directions . 
 `` hello , my lucy in the sky , '' he greeted , sounding like the dad of my childhood . 
 the dad who had n't become an emotional and physical shut-in for the entirety of my teen years . 
 `` i 'm just calling to say hi and check in . '' 
 i smiled the biggest smile i was capable of right now . 
 dad called every week , same day , same time . 
 you could set a watch by dad 's calls . 
 `` hi , yourself , and thanks for the checkup . 
 i 'm in san diego visiting jude . '' 
 i did n't offer anything more . 
 if i told my dad about jude 's and my fight over the mcmansion , there 'd be no getting him off the phone in a few minutes . 
 `` how 's the jude man ? '' 
 he asked eagerly . 
 i was n't the only big fan of jude ryder in the larson family . 
 dad was a close second in that department . 
 `` jude 's ... '' i searched for the right word : a shade past nuts and drinking the california kool-aid were probably phrases i should keep to myself . 
 `` he 's been really busy , dad . 
 i think all the sun , long hours on the field , and dollar signs are making him a little crazy . '' 
 dad chuckled to himself . 
 `` crazier than normal , '' i clarified . 
 `` any updates on the nuptial front ? '' 
 dad asked , making a not-so-smooth segue . 
 i groaned . 
 `` not you , too , '' i whined . 
 `` if it 's not you , it 's mom . 
 if it 's not mom , it 's jude . 
 if it 's not jude , it 's somebody else . 
 what is it with everyone wanting to know every little detail about our forthcoming or not-so-forthcoming wedding ? '' 
 i did n't mean to be so snappy with my dad . 
 it was just a case of wrong question , wrong time . 
 `` lucy in the sky , '' dad said , sounding the picture of calm , `` i do n't want to just know every detail of your wedding , forthcoming or not . 
 i want to know every detail of your whole life . '' 
 i could hear that fatherly smile in his voice . 
 `` but since you 're no longer a kindergartener , how about i just settle for knowing if you 're happy ? '' 
 i exhaled . 
 dad had a way of soothing me just with his voice alone . 
 `` that works for me . '' 
 `` i mean that , sweetie . 
 your happiness is all i care about , '' he said . 
 `` if it makes you happy to stay engaged for the rest of your life , i 'm fine with that . '' 
 i laughed sharply . 
 dad might be all right with that , but i knew another man who would n't be too pleased . 
 `` if a shotgun wedding in vegas makes you happy , so be it . '' 
 `` thanks , dad , '' i said . 
 `` whatever you and jude decide on , your mom and i are good with it , '' he said . 
 `` okay ? '' 
 it was a weight off my shoulders knowing that , but the problem was , i could n't decide what i wanted right now . 
 i needed some time and a cup of tea to help me with my sea of indecision . 
 `` okay , dad . 
 thanks , that means a lot to me , '' i said . 
 `` well , you mean a lot to me , lucy in the sky . '' 
 when i stepped out of the shower , i peeked out the bathroom window . 
 the last party stragglers were gone . 
 today had been one hell of a day , and i knew that tomorrow would be , too . 
 so tonight i wanted to forget about everything running around in my mind and get some sleep . 
 i needed to close the door on this day and open a new one in the morning . 
 i 'd left all the lights in the pool house off in hopes jude would be too drunk or too tired to come looking for me . 
 of course , i knew that was wishful thinking . 
 i knew he 'd come . 
 i just hoped that when he did , he would give me the space i 'd tell him i needed . 
 jude was n't the biggest fan of `` space , '' given our past experience with it . 
 i was getting a cup from the cupboard when the knock sounded on the pool house door . 
 `` luce ? 
 are you in there ? '' 
 his voice was high pitched . 
 before i had a chance to respond , the door opened and he stepped inside . 
 his face was as worried-looking as his voice had sounded . 
 `` i 've been looking for you everywhere , '' he said , taking a few more steps inside . 
 `` what are you doing out here ? '' 
 hiding from you . 
 trying to get my thoughts together . 
 `` about to go to sleep , '' i answered , setting the glass down . 
 water had sounded good until jude had arrived . 
 now the only thing that sounded good was him . 
 especially with the way he was looking at me . 
 `` you 're hiding from me , '' he stated , stuffing his hands in his pockets . 
 `` no , '' i said , cinching the tie of my bathrobe tighter . 
 `` i 'm hiding from that place . '' 
 jude 's jaw tightened . 
 `` that place is our home , luce . 
 it 's mine and yours . '' 
 `` no , jude . 
 that place belongs to you and the person you want me to be . 
 not the person i really am . '' 
 tapping the wall with his fist , he walked toward me . 
 `` fine . 
 that 's not the place that you want , we 'll get rid of it , '' he said , staring at me like i was his whole world . 
 he knew i melted under that look . 
 it had been days , weeks , and he was using my failing restraint to his advantage . 
 i closed my eyes and sucked in a slow breath to calm myself down . 
 i could already feel the blood rushing to certain parts of my body at having him alone and this close . 
 i could not , i would not sleep with him until i 'd worked through this crap in my head . 
 `` tell me what you want , luce , '' he said , stopping a few feet in front of me . 
 i could smell him ; i could almost taste him on my lips . 
 i could nearly feel him ... . 
 i shook my head , keeping my eyes closed . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i admitted , sensing him stepping closer . 
 `` tell me what you want , '' he demanded , and now his body pressed into mine . 
 dammit . 
 my weakening resolve was officially about to be a lost cause . 
 then his mouth moved outside my ear , and the heat of his breath broke across my neck . 
 `` what , '' he whispered , `` do you '' - his teeth sank into my earlobe - `` want ? '' 
 his h * ps flexed into me , and when i felt him hard against me , that last bit of restraint i 'd been clinging to slipped right through my fingers . 
 i opened my eyes . 
 now that i 'd jumped , i was going to enjoy the fall . 
 i waited until he looked into my eyes . 
 `` i want you , '' i said , my fingers moving for his zipper . 
 i was long past the point of foreplay . 
 `` here . 
 now . '' 
 sliding his zipper down , i rested my mouth outside his ear . 
 `` and hard . '' 
 jude sucked in a sharp breath , but that was all the surprise he allowed himself . 
 his hands made quick work of untying my robe . 
 grabbing my hips , he hoisted me up and carried me over to the table . 
 his mouth found mine and he kissed me like he 'd never kissed me before . 
 it was desperate , and hungry , and almost painful . 
 but the pain felt good . 
 i needed to feel it right now . 
 after unfastening the button of his pants , i tugged them down . 
 grabbing him in my hand , i lay back on the table . 
 jude stared down at me , his face a mix of emotions . 
 my mind , for the first time since this afternoon , was clear . 
 and content . 
 as i guided him toward me , he paused . 
 `` are you sure you 're ready ? '' 
 he said , his breath strained . 
 `` come and find out , '' i replied , wrapping my legs around his waist to draw him closer . 
 his face creased as my hand moved up and down him , but he restrained himself . 
 `` jude , '' i whispered , `` please . '' 
 i lifted my h * ps until i could feel him right where he should be . 
 moving just barely inside , he groaned . 
 i groaned louder . 
 the torture was insane , and if he was going to play it nice and slow , i 'd just have to change his mind . 
 nice and slow was n't on the agenda for tonight . 
 at the same time i tightened my legs around him , i flexed my h * ps higher , effectively taking the rest of him inside me . 
 `` oh , god . '' 
 i sighed , feeling like i could come now that he was all the way inside me . 
 when his h * ps flexed , i almost did . 
 `` shit , luce , '' he said , breathing heavily outside my ear . 
 `` you really were ready . '' 
 performing that hip swivel thing that drove him up the wall , i moved his hand from my hip until it was covering my breast . 
 `` then what are you waiting for ? '' 
 his hands squeezed both my hip and my breast , and then he started moving his h * ps more . 
 i 'd wanted hard , and that was what i got . 
 each time he thrust into me i was sure i was going to come , but i did n't . 
 this time i was the one waiting for him . 
 the table started wobbling beneath me as he picked up his pace . 
 my fingers drilled into his back ; all i could do was hang on and enjoy the way he was making me feel . 
 i heard every low growl when he slid inside , along with every tortured groan when he slid out . 
 `` come , baby , '' he breathed , rocking into me faster . 
 `` i want to feel you come . '' 
 his hand slid from my hip down lower , until his thumb was circling over my clit . 
 i knew i was close , but my orgasm came the next instant . 
 jude 's body touching me both inside and outside in every way sent me right over the big o edge so powerfully , i felt like i was being ripped apart from the inside . 
 i shouted his name , feeling my muscles contract around him as he slammed into me a final time . 
 he sighed my name so many times i lost count , before collapsing on top of me . 
 nine i could still smell jude on my pillow , but his head was n't sharing it with mine like it had all night . 
 well , all night after our makeup tabletop sexcapade . 
 but he was close . 
 his off-key singing to the song playing on the radio was a dead giveaway . 
 as i rolled over , a smile was already in place . 
 when my eyes landed on a backside , a bare backside , manning the coffee machine , my smile stretched wider . 
 `` have i mentioned lately what a fine ass you have ? '' 
 i said , propping up onto my elbows , because if jude 's bare backside was on display for my ogling pleasure , i was going to enjoy the view . 
 he smirked at me as he poured coffee into a cup . 
 `` only last night , when you were grabbing it while you screamed my name . '' 
 `` my . 
 someone woke up on the cocky side of the bed this morning . '' 
 i was tempted to check my phone for the time , but that would have meant looking away . 
 the time could wait ; a nak * d jude making coffee could n't . 
 `` i wake up on that side of the bed every morning , luce , '' he said , turning around . 
 like the bad girl i was , my eyes zeroed in on a certain spot . 
 `` yes , you most certainly do . '' 
 my smile could not possibly stretch further without hurting . 
 `` good morning , '' he said , holding out the cup of coffee while i continued with my staring contest . 
 `` yes , it is , '' i replied , sitting up . 
 `` okay , luce , you got ta stop looking at me like that or else i 'm going to be late to practice . '' 
 he waited until my gaze shifted to his before he handed me the coffee . 
 that was probably for the best . 
 gawking women and steaming cups of liquid do n't go together well . 
 `` if you do n't want me looking at you like that , you should have put some clothes on . '' 
 i raised an eyebrow at him as i took a sip . 
 `` thanks for the coffee . 
 very domestic of you . '' 
 snatching his discarded boxers from last night , he hiked them into position before scooting next to me . 
 `` i like waiting on you hand and foot , '' he said , his eyes traveling down my body . 
 `` and everywhere in between . '' 
 i sighed into my cup . 
 `` here 's a pointer . 
 if you do n't want to be late to practice , you should n't say those kinds of things either . '' 
 his eyes cleared and returned to mine almost immediately . 
 how he could go from dripping sex one moment to all business the next , i did n't know , but it was something that i doubted i 'd ever be able to master . 
 `` you did n't exactly give me a chance to tell you last night , since you were busy ravaging me on that table that has now officially become my favorite piece of furniture '' - he studied the table as a slow smile formed - `` but i 'm sorry for everything yesterday , luce . 
 i wanted the whole day to be perfect and it could n't have gone more wrong . '' 
 no , it could n't have . 
 well , at least up until the night . 
 i grabbed his hand and squeezed it . 
 `` i 'm sorry , too , '' i said , so familiar with the words i could have been a certified expert by now . 
 in the history of our relationship , `` i 'm sorry , '' `` forgive me , '' and `` i messed up '' came almost as frequently as `` i love you . '' 
 `` if you do n't like the house , that 's fine . 
 we 'll find another one , '' he said , draping an arm over my shoulders . 
 `` i want you to be happy , luce , and i never would have picked this place out if i thought it was going to upset you . '' 
 i sighed in relief . 
 yesterday we 'd battled this conversation out . 
 today we could talk about it calmly and constructively . 
 maybe this was how we needed to approach these kinds of land mines in the future : nak * d and in bed . 
 `` i know that , jude . 
 it just took me by surprise . 
 everything 's coming at me so fast , and sometimes i feel like i do n't have a chance to catch my breath . '' 
 i paused to take another drink . 
 `` you know ? '' 
 `` believe me , i know , '' he replied with a nod . 
 `` you do n't need to explain it to me , luce . 
 i get it , and i 'm sorry i made this whole thing harder on you . 
 i 'll call my real estate agent this afternoon and have him start looking for a different place . 
 okay ? '' 
 he pulled me closer , tucking my head beneath his jaw . 
 `` will this real estate agent be looking at three-bedroom , two-bathroom houses ? '' 
 i started telling myself to stay calm , so when and if this took a turn for the heated , i could better manage it . 
 jude groaned , but it was n't his full-fledged one , like he was also trying to catch himself before either of our tempers could escalate . 
 `` you realize how much money i 'm making this year ? 
 right , luce ? 
 and how much i 'll be making from now - '' `` i know . 
 i know , '' i said , biting my tongue so my next comments stayed inside . 
 `` but how does that change who you are ? 
 and who i am ? 
 and what we want ? '' 
 those were , at the core of it all , the questions i needed answered . 
 `` it does n't change me , or you , or what we want at all , luce , '' he said calmly . 
 `` all it changes is our style of life . 
 and how many sweet rides we have in our five-car garage . '' 
 i set my coffee down on the nightstand . 
 he was n't getting it , or i was n't being clear . 
 i did n't want more cars than i had fingers . 
 i did n't want more garages than i had hairs on my head . 
 i wanted jude . 
 and a roof above us , along with a reliable car and food in the cupboards would be nice . 
 `` i do n't want to change our style of life , '' i said . 
 `` i thought our current style of life was pretty great . '' 
 `` it is pretty great , luce . 
 it 's pretty f ** king great , '' he said , keeping me close . 
 this was the way to have a tough talk , held tightly against him . 
 `` but it could be that much better . 
 all those times i wanted to go to the jewelry store and buy you the biggest , sparkliest damn thing i could , all those times i wanted to take you to some fancy restaurant and order the most expensive thing on the menu just because i wanted you to have the best . 
 all those winters i wanted to get you an suv that would laugh at winter driving . '' 
 he paused and leaned his head into the headboard . 
 `` i 'm sick of not being able to get you the things you deserve . '' 
 what he was saying was tugging on my heart , but it did nothing to alleviate the tension that built whenever he started talking about money . 
 `` i know you are , baby . 
 i know you are , '' i said . 
 `` but the thing is , all these years you think you 've been giving me second-best - '' `` more like fourth-best , '' he muttered . 
 `` well , then , i must be a fourth-best kind of girl , because i 've never felt cheated or that i was missing out . '' 
 we were quiet for a moment , although our thoughts were so loud it was n't exactly silent . 
 `` luce ? 
 what is it about money that makes you so uncomfortable ? '' 
 shit . 
 he might as well have just laid me back out on that table , for how nak * d and vulnerable i felt with that question in the open . 
 jude had this uncanny ability to cut through the bullshit and see what was at the heart of what i was trying to hide . 
 some days i loved this gift of his . 
 some days i hated it . 
 i was n't sure what kind of day it was yet . 
 i inhaled and exhaled , shoving the half-truths i was hiding behind me , trying to get to what was really bothering me . 
 now i was ready to say what felt like was close to the heart of it . 
 `` i come from a place where i know what it 's like to have so much money in the bank you did n't even realize you could worry about something like money , '' i began , twisting in his arms so i could curl closer . 
 `` and i come from a place where i know what it 's like to have so little in the bank you 're not sure if you 'll have a house to call your home the next month . 
 i know the highs and the lows . 
 money ca n't make you happy . 
 i do n't want to pretend it can , or will . '' 
 `` luce , i know that , '' he interrupted . 
 `` i know it ca n't make you happy if you were n't already . 
 but you and me , we 've created something so damn great before all this that it can only get greater with a little cha-ching in the bank . '' 
 `` no , '' i said abruptly . 
 `` see ? 
 that 's it . 
 i do n't want my life-contentedness meter to be tied to something like money . 
 in any way . 
 i want them separate . '' 
 i lifted one hand , extending it to the right . 
 `` here 's lucy and the roller coaster that is my emotions . '' 
 jude was smart enough to keep from smiling his acknowledgment . 
 `` and here 's money , '' i said , lifting my other hand and holding it off to the far left . 
 `` i do n't want them to ever be connected . 
 ever . '' 
 `` ever ? 
 or never , ever ? '' 
 now he was smiling . 
 `` because there 's a difference . '' 
 i elbowed him before answering . 
 `` never , ever , ever . '' 
 he contemplated that for a moment before nodding . 
 `` okay . 
 i think i can manage that . '' 
 he sounded as sincere as he looked . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 grabbing my outstretched hands , he kissed each one . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 who would have guessed a round of wild tabletop sex and a night of sleep could pave the way for a productive conversation over something we 'd been screaming about yesterday ? 
 oh , yeah . 
 men guessed that . 
 from the time of the caveman , when tabletops were nothing more than flat boulders . 
 it was time i , as a woman , figured that out and started using it to my advantage . 
 `` do you need anything else ? '' 
 he kissed my forehead before rolling out of bed . 
 `` if i do n't leave in the next thirty seconds , i 'm going to be late to practice . '' 
 `` i need ... something , '' i answered , throwing the sheet to the side , `` but it sounds like you 've got places to be . '' 
 jude 's eyes stayed on my face , but i could tell it was killing him to do so . 
 `` you 're cruel , luce . 
 you know that ? '' 
 `` mm-hmm , '' i said , rolling onto my side to give him a better view . 
 i smiled when his gaze drifted for the shortest second . 
 slapping his cheeks , he spun around and grabbed his jeans . 
 `` why do n't you go shopping or something while i 'm at practice ? '' 
 he said , pulling his wallet out . 
 `` there 's a shitload of stores around that would be eager to cater to the soon-to-be wife of an nfl quarterback . '' 
 sliding that black shiny card free , he held it out . 
 i pulled the sheet back over me . 
 he scowled . 
 `` were you here for the conversation we just had ? '' 
 i asked , glaring at the black card . 
 his scowl went another shade darker before it ironed out . 
 `` yeah , i was . '' 
 putting the card back into his wallet , he stood there , looking helpless . 
 i did n't want him to feel this way . 
 i knew jude wanted to take care of me ; that was at the forefront of his mind with everything he did . 
 i just did n't need or want to be taken care of with a shiny black card . 
 `` do you think i could borrow your truck ? '' 
 i asked , hoping this would ease his need-to-do-something-for-lucy-itis . 
 `` i was thinking about going to the beach and vegging all day long . '' 
 `` of course , '' he said , digging into his pocket again . 
 as predicted , he looked relieved to be able to do something for me that i was willing to go along with . 
 `` it 's got a full tank , so take that baby for a spin . '' 
 he held out the keys to his new truck . 
 they were shiny , too . 
 everything was so damn shiny now . 
 i never thought i 'd be so anti-shine . 
 `` come on , i could n't see over the steering wheel of that thing , jude , '' i said , winking to make the blow easier . 
 `` that is , if i was actually able to climb into it without your help . 
 i 'd need a step stool or a ladder . '' 
 `` do you want me to call you a driver or something ? '' 
 he asked , and then his face lit up . 
 `` or why do n't you go buy yourself that new sports car i 've been wanting to get you . 
 this way you can pick out your own color . '' 
 i raised my hand and bit my tongue . 
 `` thank you . 
 on all offers , '' i said , `` but i was thinking i could just take your old rust bucket . '' 
 jude 's forehead wrinkled . 
 `` then if i 'm snoozing on the beach all day , i wo n't have to worry about some punk-ass kids ripping your brand-new truck off . '' 
 this was partially the reason i wanted to take the old truck , but certainly not the main reason . 
 a flash of annoyance lined his face , but it passed . 
 `` the keys are in the ignition , '' he said , sliding into his jeans . 
 `` and i just changed the oil and gave it a tune-up , so you should n't have any problems with the old piecer . '' 
 i glared at the shirt he was reaching for . 
 i knew clothes were the requirement , but they should have been the exception in jude ryder 's case . 
 `` oil change ? 
 tune-up ? '' 
 i said as he pulled the shirt over his head . 
 `` is this the truck you were adamant about scrapping yesterday ? '' 
 he rolled his eyes as he slid into his cons . 
 at least those were the same ratty old ones i was used to . 
 `` you are busting my balls , woman . '' 
 `` i 'm your soon-to-be wife , '' i said . 
 `` that 's in the job description . '' 
 he froze mid-fly buttoning . 
 `` soon-to-be ? '' 
 he repeated , his eyes flashing . 
 uh-oh . 
 not as in tomorrow or next week . 
 `` as soon-to-be as i am capable of it , '' i said , my heart fluttering a little from the way he was looking at me . 
 with one look , jude was able to melt every muscle right before they tightened in anticipation . 
 jude beamed . 
 `` i 'll take it , '' he said , and now , instead of up , his fly was going the opposite direction . 
 my pulse was already quickening . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 crossing the room , he leaped onto the bed . 
 `` i 'm gon na be late , '' he said , before his mouth and body covered mine . 
 if there was one thing i could get used to in southern california ? 
 the beaches and the sun . 
 a good eight hours had ticked off when i 'd done nothing more physical than turning from one side to the other . 
 that , and unscrewing the lid from my bottle of water . 
 i could see myself here . 
 now , if south cali was only known as one of the premier dance places in the world , i would have been golden . 
 the sun was starting to fall in the sky , but there was at least another good hour of uv rays to soak up , and i did n't want to miss out thanks to a severe case of hunger pangs . 
 to sway the leave-or-stay vote , my stomach rumbled again . 
 `` fine , '' i grumbled , making a mental note that the next time i came to the beach , i 'd need to bring more than a granola bar . 
 before i could start packing up my beach-day essentials , my phone chimed . 
 i grabbed it and read the text . 
 all the guys were asking me why i had this stupid grin on my face all day . 
 followed by a smiley face . 
 i blamed you . 
 i 'll gladly take the blame for that stupid smile , i typed , wearing my own stupid grin as a few memories jumped to mind . 
 hope you do n't mind wearing another one tomorrow . 
 followed by a winky face . 
 his reply was instant . 
 hell , no . 
 i laughed and , before i could type a response , my phone beeped again . 
 where are you ? 
 never too early to start working on making that stupid smile again . 
 i 'd never heard a truer statement . 
 i typed in , still at the beach . 
 and i 'm already smiling just thinking about making you smile . 
 i sat up and tossed my sunscreen into my bag when his reply came . 
 i 'll meet you there and pick up dinner on the way . 
 his message ended with a dot , dot , dot , and then my phone chimed with another message . 
 and i 'm smiling about you smiling thinking about making me smile . 
 i laughed , imagining him with the smile on his face , punching the accelerator , and adjusting his pants . 
 enough smiling already , i typed . 
 hurry up , because i want you to make me moan . 
 like i was in danger of being caught passing notes in class , i looked from side to side . 
 when his reply came , i almost jumped . 
 planning on it , luce . 
 i shifted in my seat , feeling warmth trickle into all the right places . 
 a few whistles sounded in front of me . 
 i looked up as a couple of guys carrying surfboards sauntered by , gawking at a certain spot jude would n't have been down with . 
 `` yep , '' i called out , giving the surfers a really ? 
 look , `` they 're boobs ! '' 
 one of them had the decency to look away . 
 the other one just grinned bigger . 
 that was the jude of the two . 
 `` no , babe , '' the smug one called back , `` those are n ** ples . '' 
 i glanced down . 
 shit . 
 yeah , those were most definitely n ** ples popping through for all of la jolla beach to see . 
 darn jude and all his sexting straight to high-beam hell . 
 i did n't have a snappy reply , but i could n't let surfer boy have the last word . 
 wrapping my arm around my chest , i flipped him off with the other hand . 
 tilting his chin in reply , he winked and kept walking . 
 men were infuriating creatures . 
 in all walks of life . 
 even while you were keeping to yourself , resting on the beach . 
 needless to say , i spent the next half hour lounging on my stomach . 
 at least until i caught sight of a familiar form swaggering his way toward me . 
 i hopped up and jogged over to him like i had n't seen him in months . 
 he had a paper sack and a sweatshirt tucked under his arm and looked freshly showered . 
 however , the way he was looking at me was the opposite of clean . 
 `` where 's that stupid smile you were texting me about ? '' 
 i said as i approached . 
 `` it took a vacation when i saw what you were wearing , '' he answered tightly . 
 `` or what you 're not wearing . '' 
 he ran his eyes down my body , looking like he could n't decide if he disapproved or approved . 
 i knew the way to make up his mind . 
 winding my arms around his neck , i lifted up on my toes and planted a kiss on his mouth that started soft but did n't end up that way . 
 `` here , '' jude said , cutting our kiss short , `` put this on . '' 
 he held out his old syracuse sweatshirt and waited . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked , playing dumb . 
 on any other occasion , i would have happily slid into jude 's ginormous ` cuse sweatshirt , but not when i was being ordered into it . 
 `` because you made me hard from a hundred yards back in that thing . '' 
 he gestured at my swimsuit . 
 `` i do n't like the idea of a bunch of other guys getting off looking at my girl . '' 
 he shook the sweatshirt at me . 
 nope . 
 not gon na happen . 
 `` who cares ? '' 
 i lowered his outstretched arm and grinned up at him . 
 `` it 's only your hard-on that gets to go to bed with me . '' 
 jude snorted and crossed his arms . 
 `` tell that to the jerk-offs who will be jerking off to you between their sheets tonight . '' 
 the overbearing act got old fast . 
 i crossed my arms and held my ground . 
 `` i do n't know what 's got your boxers in a bunch . 
 this is n't even my skimpy bikini . '' 
 it was n't . 
 when it came to bikinis , this one was relatively tame . 
 he frowned as he inspected my swimsuit again . 
 `` all i 'm seeing is a few tiny triangles and a whole lotta string , luce , '' he said , looking tortured all over again . 
 `` and you 're trying to tell me this is n't skimpy ? '' 
 i answered with a noncommittal shrug . 
 `` only one way to settle the skimpy debate ... '' jude 's eyes swept up and down the boardwalk , narrowing a few times along the way . 
 `` i win , '' he said at last . 
 `` every single bastard within seeing distance is checking you out , luce . '' 
 i glanced around the beach . 
 `` we 'll have to agree to disagree , '' i said . 
 `` because i 'm positive it 's not me but you they 're staring at . '' 
 he made a face . 
 he 'd arrived at a different conclusion . 
 `` no , not for that reason , '' i said , giving him a gentle shove . 
 `` do you think that maybe , just maybe , they 're looking at you because you happen to be the newest chargers quarterback ? '' 
 `` it would n't matter if i was peyton manning , '' jude said , pursing his lips . 
 `` with you running around in that more-string-than-swimsuit thing '' - his hands gestured up and down me again - `` no eyes would be turned in my direction . '' 
 i tried to hold it in , but i could n't help the laugh that sneaked out . 
 it was kind of cute when he was mildly upset . 
 it was n't as cute when he was full-blown pissed . 
 jude 's eyes latched onto something behind me . 
 `` hey , jerk-off ! '' 
 he hollered , narrowing his eyes . 
 `` unless you want to be reading your monthly issue of playboy in braille the rest of your life , you 'd better turn your eyes now ! '' 
 i rested my hand on his side and ran my thumb in slow circles . 
 slow , calming circles . 
 `` could you get any more territorial ? '' 
 i teased . 
 `` ever heard of the middle east , luce ? '' 
 he said , smirking . 
 `` covered head to toe in layers upon layers of material . '' 
 he tickled my sides . 
 the worst was over . 
 `` ever heard of europe ? '' 
 i shot back in between fits of laughter . 
 `` topless sunbathing ? 
 i thought you 'd once said you were a fan of it . '' 
 `` ballbuster , '' he mumbled , before holding the sweatshirt back up . 
 `` come on . 
 put this on ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he asked . 
 he did n't order , demand , or command . 
 he asked . 
 well , he almost pleaded . 
 `` okay , '' i said , because i could n't say no . 
 i grabbed the sweatshirt from him and slid it on . 
 warm , cozy , and smelled just like him . 
 i was half considering jacking this tomorrow when i headed back to nyc . '' 
 ` okay ' ? '' 
 he was looking at me like he was waiting for the punch line . 
 i slid the hood into position for good measure . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` just when i think i 've got you all figured out , lucy larson , '' he said , winding his arm around my neck and pulling me close , `` you go and do something totally unexpected . 
 like listen to me . '' 
 i slid my hand into the back pocket of his jeans as we headed toward my little slice of beachfront property . 
 `` also in the fine print , below ballbusting , '' i said , hip-checking him , `` soon-to-be wives are required to keep soon-to-be husbands on pins and needles at all times . '' 
 `` ahh , '' he said , `` i really need to check out all that fine print . '' 
 `` if you do n't get to reading it , i 'm sure i 'll manage to give you a real-life demonstration of each and every point somewhere along the way , '' i said as we approached my beach towel . 
 `` what 's for dinner ? 
 and please do n't pull a can of caviar and a bottle of champagne from that bag or else i 'm calling for an intervention . '' 
 he held out the paper bag for me . 
 `` because i knew it would ... '' my brows lifted . '' 
 ... absolutely not make you happy or unhappy , because money has no say in your happiness meter '' - he popped his brows , obviously pleased with himself - `` i picked up a few fish tacos from a street vendor and some cheap beer from a gas station . '' 
 he grinned like the devil and shook the bag . 
 i grabbed it and plopped down on the towel before tearing it open . 
 `` fish tacos from a street vendor and pbr ? '' 
 i said , not sure whether to go for the beer or the tacos first . 
 my stomach made the decision for me . 
 `` that , my love , makes me very , very happy . '' 
 i pulled out a wrapped taco and tossed it into his lap once he sat down . 
 `` of course a dinner that cost me ten bucks would make you happy , '' he said , tearing the wrapper back . 
 `` can you be any more infuriating ? '' 
 that was the million-dollar question . 
 snagging a beer from the bag , i twisted the cap off and handed it to him . 
 `` wow . 
 you really missed the fine print if you do n't know the answer to that , babe . '' 
 he bit off half the taco and rolled his eyes . 
 `` eat your dinner , '' he said around a mouthful of food . 
 `` i can hear your stomach grumbling from over here . '' 
 tearing my wrapper back from mine , i tapped his before taking a bite . 
 damn . 
 okay , so cali could rock the sun , the beach , and the fish tacos . 
 `` good ? '' 
 jude asked as i continued the love affair in my mouth . 
 i remembered my manners and waited until i 'd swallowed my food before answering . 
 `` good is an insult to the greatness that is this fish taco . '' 
 i took another bite as jude grabbed another beer out of the bag . 
 after twisting the cap off , he held it out . 
 `` finish it with a swig of this and life will be redefined as you know it , luce . '' 
 i did n't even wait to finish chewing before i took a drink . 
 holy taste-bud orgasm . 
 `` yeah , that 's the stuff , '' he said , clinking his bottle against mine before taking a drink . 
 `` i. love . 
 you , '' i said , taking another bite . 
 `` so . 
 much . 
 so , so much . '' 
 stuffing the other half of the taco into his mouth , he stared at me in that way i 'd grown accustomed to . 
 like i was everything he wanted and everything he ever would want . 
 i do n't know how his eyes were able to express this , but they did . 
 finishing his ginormous bite , he molded his hand against my cheek . 
 `` i love you . 
 so much . 
 so damn much , luce . '' 
 leaning into his warm hand , i clinked my bottle against his . 
 `` cheers . '' 
 ten two fish tacos , two beers , and two hours later , i was still not ready to leave . 
 not even close to it . 
 `` you want the last one ? '' 
 jude asked , holding out a taco . 
 `` it 's all yours , '' i said . 
 scooting behind him , i skimmed my hands up his shirt . 
 `` you want a massage ? '' 
 it was n't so much a question as a formality . 
 in four years , i 'd never known jude to turn down a massage . 
 `` hell yes , '' he said around a mouthful of fish taco . 
 applying pressure , i worked my thumbs up the muscles of his spine . 
 he sighed , leaning into my touch . 
 `` does that feel good ? '' 
 `` hell yes . '' 
 he dropped the taco and hung his head . 
 i pressed my thumbs into the exposed muscles of his neck . 
 `` how about this ? '' 
 i said , never sure how much pressure he 'd want applied . 
 some days it was barely any , like he just liked the feel of my hands on him . 
 other days i could n't seem to punish the muscles hard enough . 
 `` is that still all right ? '' 
 i asked , pinching the muscles running from his neck to his shoulders . 
 he groaned . 
 `` hell yes . '' 
 `` sounds like it 's a ` hell yes ' kind of night . '' 
 he hung his neck lower , giving me better access . 
 `` hell yes . '' 
 it 'd been dark for a while , but we 'd watched the sun set earlier and it was a sight i knew i 'd never forget . 
 i was starting to understand what the tens of millions of people who lived here saw in the place . 
 `` could you imagine doing this every night ? '' 
 i said , working over a nasty knot around his shoulder blade . 
 `` tacos and cheap beer on the beach ? '' 
 `` sounds like one hell of a life , luce , '' he replied . 
 `` i 'd be down with that . '' 
 `` i saw a little beachfront house for rent a little way down the beach . 
 we should rent it for a few nights during christmas break and then we could watch the sun set every night . '' 
 having successfully worked out one knot , i moved to the next one . 
 `` sold , '' he said . 
 `` you , me , christmas , beach , sunset . 
 where do i sign ? '' 
 i leaned over his shoulder as i continued to knead his back . 
 `` right here . '' 
 his lips brushed over mine . 
 `` i ca n't tell if these are all knots , '' i said , shifting behind him again , `` or if they 're insanely hard muscles , but you 've definitely got something that needs working out . '' 
 he chuckled as i got back to work on a knot that was as big as my fist . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` luce , '' he said , grabbing one of my hands and winding it around his waist . 
 `` i 've always got something that needs working out . '' 
 my hand brushed down his jeans until he settled it over something that felt as hard as the muscles i was trying to relieve . 
 `` a girl 's job is never done , '' i said , gripping him . 
 he turned his head , his mouth searching for mine , but i had other plans . 
 popping up , i pulled the hoodie over my head . 
 `` what do you think you 're doing ? '' 
 he asked , his eyes going dark as they skimmed my body . 
 reaching for the string at the center of my back , i gave it a tug . 
 `` i 'm going to work something out right here on the beach . '' 
 `` here ? '' 
 his voice went an octave higher . 
 `` no . 
 no , you 're not . '' 
 his words might have been against it , but his eyes were n't . 
 `` besides , beach sex is highly overrated . '' 
 i leveled him with my stare . 
 `` from what i 've heard , '' he added , giving me a tilted smile , `` sand gets in all sorts of places it should n't . '' 
 grabbing the tie around my neck , i tugged on it . 
 `` i 'm not planning on hav ** g s * x in the sand , '' i said , letting my top fall to the sand . 
 jude swallowed . 
 `` i 'm more of a water girl . '' 
 without another word , i started for the thundering waves . 
 `` there 's sharks and shit out there , luce , '' he called after me . 
 i smiled as i continued on my merry way . 
 how far would he let me get before he could n't stay away ? 
 skimming my fingers into my swimsuit bottoms , i slid them down my body . 
 once they were littering the beach , i turned toward him . 
 he swallowed again and stood up . 
 his cons were already off . 
 `` then you 'd better come save me , '' i called back . 
 `` from the sharks and shit . '' 
 giving a wave and a shake , i turned and bounded toward the water . 
 jude cursed behind me , and a glance over my shoulder revealed he was peeling his clothes off as quickly as clothes could be peeled . 
 i was up to my knees before the water temperature registered . 
 cold barely described it . 
 mental note number one million and one : the ocean is more pleasurable from the beach than from the water . 
 `` ah ! 
 shit ! 
 that 's cold ! '' 
 jude exploded into the water , sprinting toward me . 
 his arms wound around me after another round of curse hollering . 
 pressing my back to his chest , he spun me to face him . 
 `` i guess i did n't really think this out , '' i shrieked , laughing . 
 damn , this water was really too cold to even think about getting hot and heavy in . 
 jude slowed and settled me back down , but his arms did n't loosen . 
 they tightened . 
 he pulled me harder to him , his warmth running against my back and down lower . 
 his h * ps flexed against my backside . 
 i exhaled . 
 `` i take that back , '' i said as i wound my arms behind his neck . 
 `` i totally thought this out . '' 
 i felt his smile on my neck before his tongue took its place . 
 jude 's hands traveled up my stomach until they found my br ** sts . 
 `` nice tan lines , '' he breathed into my neck . 
 `` i worked on them all day , '' i replied , letting my head fall back against him . 
 as his hands and mouth moved over me , i no longer felt the chill of the water . 
 there was nothing but warmth . 
 a heat that ran so deep i felt it in every nerve . 
 one of his hands moved from my chest and trailed down my stomach . 
 when it paused below my belly button , his finger moved against me . 
 my breath hitched in my lungs . 
 `` and i 'm planning on working on you all night . '' 
 eleven i was so sick of saying good-bye at airports . 
 if jude had asked me to stay with him , i would have happily missed my flight . 
 i 'd blinked and two days and two nights had passed . 
 i knew the next couple of weeks before jude was scheduled to fly out to new york would pass like each day was a year . 
 `` luce ? '' 
 jude popped his head back inside the truck after he 'd grabbed my suitcase out of the bed . 
 `` not that i 'd mind , but if we do n't hustle , you 're going to miss your flight . '' 
 i held in my sigh and put on a brave face . 
 scooting down the seat , i patted the steering wheel . 
 `` lots of good memories in this old rust can , '' i said . 
 `` do n't go and scrap it while i 'm gone . '' 
 jude shook his head as he grabbed my hand and slammed the door . 
 `` what do you see in this piece of shit ? '' 
 he said , kicking the back tire as we walked through the garage . 
 i smiled to myself before answering . 
 `` i like things a little rough around the edges . 
 besides , it 's what 's inside that counts . '' '' 
 ` it 's what 's inside that counts , ' '' he repeated . 
 `` who said that ? '' 
 `` some guy i know . '' 
 i tucked my shoulder under his arm and wrapped my arm behind him . 
 `` he sounds amazing , '' he said , grinning at me from the side . 
 i made a face and motioned my hand in a so-so way . 
 he chuckled , checking both ways before we crossed the road to the terminal . 
 `` that 's not what you were saying last night , '' he said . 
 i pinched his side . 
 `` i was n't saying much , that i recall . '' 
 `` no , you were n't saying much . 
 there was a shitload of moaning , though . '' 
 this earned him a few harder pinches . '' 
 ` jude , ' '' he cried out , channeling me last night . '' 
 ` yes ! 
 yes ! 
 yes ! 
 you 're amazing ! ' '' 
 i could n't even pretend to be irritated with him . 
 i was laughing so damn hard tears started to leak out of the corners of my eyes . '' 
 ` jude ... amazing ... ryder ! 
 yes ! 
 yes ! 
 yeeeeesss ! ' '' 
 he was causing a scene as we approached curbside check-in , but i was too hysterical to mind . 
 my giant fiance was bouncing , shaking , and shouting , not caring what anyone thought . 
 `` control yourself , '' i ordered amid my laughter , swatting his arm . 
 `` and if your performance is any indicator of what i act like during sex , i must look like a hippo about to give birth . '' 
 dropping the lucy larson orgasming show , he laughed with me . 
 `` nah . '' 
 he laughed one more note before his expression changed . 
 `` it 's the damn sexiest thing i 've ever experienced , luce . '' 
 thankfully his words were no louder than a whisper , but as we approached the ticket counter , i was sure the heat rushing into my face , paired with jude 's crooked smile , gave away the gist of what he 'd just whispered into my ear . 
 from the sly smile on the employee 's face , he caught more than just the gist . 
 while i waited for my ticket , jude handed my suitcase off and gave the guy a hefty tip . 
 it was only a month ago when that tip would have paid for a movie-and-dinner date . 
 the ticket counter employee handed me my ticket , but he had eyes for no one but jude . 
 i knew that look , but it was weird sharing it with middle-aged males . 
 `` you 're jude ryder , '' the employee said , looking , sounding , and acting starstruck . 
 `` are n't you ? '' 
 shoving his hands in his pockets , jude winked over at me . 
 `` jude amazing ryder , '' he managed with a straight face . 
 i could n't perform the same feat . 
 coming up behind me , jude wrapped his arms around me . 
 `` what 's so funny ? '' 
 he teased . 
 thrusting a pen and a newspaper at us , the poor guy looked like he was about to burst a blood vessel . 
 it was so odd the way people treated jude now , like they idolized him . 
 `` could i have your autograph ? '' 
 his voice was shaky . 
 `` you bet , '' jude answered , uncapping the pen as the employee unfolded the front page of the local newspaper . 
 on it was a huge photograph of a man and a woman at night . 
 in the ocean . 
 bare-ass nak * d. `` shit , '' i murmured , twisting in jude 's arms , hoping he had n't seen it yet . 
 nothing good would come of jude seeing this . 
 his eyes were locked on the picture , like he was n't sure what he was seeing . 
 the confusion shifted toward red-faced anger in the time it took me to plant my hands on either side of his face . 
 `` jude , '' i said , trying to sound calm . 
 trying to be calm for him , when i felt anything but . 
 calm was impossible when a full-frontal nak * d shot of me was plastered on who knew how many thousands of papers . 
 `` it 's all right . 
 calm down , '' i continued , trying to get his eyes to focus on mine . 
 but they would not look away from the picture below the headline , `` ryder has game both on and off the field . '' 
 the photographer must have snapped the picture right when he 'd joined me in the water and spun me around . 
 other than his face and arms , that was all of jude the stupid pap had caught . 
 but with me , they 'd had to make use of the photo-blur tool in a couple of places . 
 jude snatched the paper from the man 's hand and glowered at him . 
 `` what the hell is this ? '' 
 rolling it up , jude stuffed the paper into the back of his pants and waited . 
 once the employee realized jude was n't going to move until he got an answer , he shrugged . 
 `` a newspaper . '' 
 he had the decency to look ashamed . 
 `` that 's not a newspaper , '' jude said , seething . 
 the muscles of his jaw rolled beneath my hands . 
 `` that 's a nak * d picture of my fiancee . '' 
 dammit . 
 his face had just gone from red to purple . 
 soon we 'd be past the point where anything i could do would talk him down . 
 `` you got any more of those back there ? '' 
 rushing behind the counter , jude inspected the area . 
 i followed him . 
 `` jude , '' i said , `` stop . '' 
 `` no , no , '' the employee said , raising his hands . 
 i could tell he had n't meant any disrespect when he 'd asked jude to sign a nak * d photo of him and me , but i also knew the man would never , ever try something like this again . 
 `` who else has one of these ? '' 
 jude demanded after he was satisfied no more newspapers were stuffed behind the counter . 
 the man looked from jude to me with his brows knitted together , his expression reading , seriously ? 
 `` whoever subscribes to or picked up a sunday paper today ? '' 
 he suggested , slinking away from jude . 
 smart move . 
 just then , jude 's gaze drifted inside the terminal , where a man in a suit was depositing quarters into a ... shit . 
 jude turned and sprinted away before i could offer an apologetic smile to the ticketing employee . 
 `` jude ! '' 
 i shouted as i entered the terminal . 
 in addition to good-byes , i was also sick of making scenes . 
 he did n't glance back-he did n't even slow down-he just kept barreling at the man who was just lifting the vending machine door to grab his morning paper . 
 before he 'd had a chance to unfold it , jude was on him . 
 shit , shit . 
 i was running now , too , but was still a hundred feet away . 
 snatching the paper out of the man 's hands , jude towered over him , glowering like he was the one responsible for my teeth , tits , and toes winding up on the front page . 
 `` jude ! '' 
 i yelled louder this time , trying to get his attention . 
 it worked . 
 his glare shifted toward me for the shortest moment , but it was enough . 
 jude 's shoulders were lowering and the rage on his face had dimmed as i got to him . 
 panting from my two-hundred-meter dash , i laced my hands around his forearm . 
 `` deep breath in , '' i instructed . 
 `` deep breath out . 
 think . '' 
 i took my own breath , watching his chest rise and fall . 
 `` think . '' 
 when i was certain jude was n't going to hammer the guy into the ground , i loosened my grip on his arm . 
 `` sorry about that , '' i said , addressing the man , who was gawking at jude like he was a tiger who had escaped the zoo . 
 however , he did n't look scared , just intrigued . 
 this guy had no survival instincts whatsoever . 
 `` might i suggest tempering that anger of yours with some yoga and meditation , young man , '' the guy said , in an incredibly unflustered voice . 
 like he had n't just been charged by two hundred and fifty pounds of muscle and fury . 
 quirking a brow , he inspected jude one more moment before turning and heading on his merry , no-survival-instinct way . 
 `` dammit , jude , '' i hissed , snatching the paper out of his hands . 
 `` could you act any more unbalanced ? '' 
 he did n't need to answer me . 
 we both already knew the answer to that . 
 watching the man in the suit meander away , jude inhaled . 
 `` can you believe this ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 yoga and meditation ? '' 
 i said , hoping to lighten the mood . 
 `` sounds like it might work wonders for that temper of yours . '' 
 when jude turned to me , his eyes narrowing even more , i realized lightening the mood was n't on the agenda for the day . 
 `` not the yoga shit , '' he said , flashing the stolen newspaper in front of my face . 
 `` this shit . '' 
 i winced when i looked at the picture again . 
 that photographer could not have been in a better position . 
 if my hair was two shades lighter and my boobs three sizes bigger , i could have been a playmate . 
 `` oh , '' i said , hoping my parents never saw this spread . 
 i mean ... photo . 
 `` that shit . 
 yeah , that sucks . '' '' 
 ` that sucks ' ? '' 
 jude could n't have looked more flabbergasted by my blase attitude . 
 truth be told , of course i was pissed as pissed could be , but what could i do ? 
 it was out there , on lord only knew how many thousands of doorsteps and briefcases . 
 my losing my cool would n't help jude hold whatever he had left of his . 
 i needed to control myself for him , because it was apparent he could n't do it for himself . '' 
 ` that sucks ' ? '' 
 he repeated , slapping the photo with his hand . 
 `` you 're nak * d for the whole goddamned world to see , luce . 
 my fiancee is going to be the fantasy of every jerk-off in the county tonight . 
 and you have nothing more to say than ` that sucks ' ? '' 
 i counted to five before answering , because the reply that wanted to roll right off my tongue was n't going to help calm him down . 
 it would have done the opposite . 
 calm , calm , calm , i reminded myself before replying . 
 `` is there another word you 'd like me to use to describe it ? '' 
 i asked , working to keep my voice flat . 
 `` is there a certain way you 'd like me to be acting right now ? '' 
 good job , lucy . 
 keep the temper in its cage . 
 `` so if ` that sucks ' does n't work for you , how would you describe it ? '' 
 `` this is f ** king war , '' he said , his eyes onyx . 
 shit . 
 he was a rare shade of pissed . 
 pulling his phone from his pocket , he punched in a number at the same time he charged toward the newspaper vending machine . 
 he could have been about to beat the crap out of it , just as much as he could have been about to light it on fire . 
 when jude was in the rage zone , i never knew what he might do . 
 the only thing i knew was that the end result was never a good one . 
 however , what he did next was n't even on my top-ten list . 
 jamming a few quarters into the machine , he dropped the door and , instead of tearing the machine to pieces , he grabbed the entire stack of newspapers in his arms . 
 okay , he was in the rage zone that leaned more toward crazy than angry . 
 that was just as bad , if not worse . 
 `` jude , '' i hissed , glaring at a few people who 'd stopped to watch the show , `` what in the hell are you doing ? '' 
 `` i 'm taking every goddamn newspaper in this machine , '' he answered , depositing his armload into the closest garbage can , `` and then i 'm going to go find every other newspaper machine in the airport and do the same . 
 and then i 'm going to every damn newspaper machine in the city and destroy every last one of these motherfuckers until the only copy left is the one i own . '' 
 my mouth was open . 
 it had dropped at some point during his little speech , but i was n't sure when . 
 `` hammon , '' jude seethed into the phone . 
 i felt sorry for whoever was on the other end . 
 `` you checked out the morning paper - '' jude 's face darkened . 
 `` if you do n't go shred that front page right the hell now you will not be my agent by lunchtime . '' 
 he was quiet for a few seconds while hammon was saying or doing who knew what . 
 i did n't doubt he was actually shredding the paper now . 
 given jude 's annual salary and multiyear contract , hammon could retire a happy man in five years ' time if he played his cards right and did n't piss jude ryder off . 
 `` done ? '' 
 jude said , crossing his arms . 
 damn , he 'd really been waiting while hammon shredded my porn-o-rific photo . 
 `` as soon as i 'm off the phone with you , i want you to call the newspaper and i want you to find out the name , address , and phone number of the editor , the owner , the a ** hole writer who wrote this thing , and the photographer who 's about to be a dead man . '' 
 just when i thought he 'd worked past the extreme temper , i was reminded how jude 's anger ran deep . 
 it was like a volcano : dormant most of the time , but when it exploded ... it really exploded . 
 jude 's past made anger a part of his present and future ; that was the fact . 
 however , he had a choice about whether he let that anger rule his life . 
 up until now , he 'd done a hell of a job keeping it contained . 
 well , controlled , at least . 
 but now he was really losing his shit in a scary way . 
 `` why ? '' 
 jude said , cracking his neck . 
 `` is that a question you 're sure you want to ask me ? '' 
 it took hammon all of a second to reply . 
 `` thatta boy , '' jude said . 
 `` time to earn your commission . '' 
 hanging up , he pocketed his phone and glared at the floor . 
 his anger was unrestrained . 
 he 'd lost all control and was running on nothing but impulse . 
 what could i possibly say or do to talk him down ? 
 i knew nothing short of a miracle would work at this stage . 
 so what , in the entire world of words and responses , did i lead with ? 
 perhaps the worst . 
 `` gibbons . '' 
 jude could n't have looked more startled than if i 'd just stripped out of my clothes and started streaking down the terminal . 
 `` gibbons , '' i repeated , because now that i was heading down this insane track , i might as well keep chugging along . 
 plus , his eyes had already lightened into a steely gray . 
 `` luce ? '' 
 jude came closer and pressed the back of his hand against my forehead . 
 he ran his hands over me like i was one notch below a padded room . 
 it would have been irritating if he was n't so visibly concerned . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i assured him . 
 `` really . '' 
 pulling me to him , he continued to study me . 
 `` then what are you rambling on about ? '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` gibbons . '' 
 another flash of worry in his eyes . 
 `` gibbons ? '' 
 he said slowly . 
 i nodded . 
 `` luce , what the hell 's a gibbon ? '' 
 so far , as certifiable as it was , my plan to trick jude 's monster back into its cage was working . 
 `` it 's like a monkey , '' i said , wrapping my arms around him . 
 his every muscle was standing on alert . 
 `` i used to see them at the zoo when i was a little girl . '' 
 he held up his hand . 
 `` you know i love to know every little thing you 're willing to share with me , luce , but what the hell does a gibbon have to do with your tits being on the front page of the paper ? '' 
 i pretended i was n't talking to a man one thread away from snapping for good . 
 `` if you 'd be quiet for one minute so i could get out more than three words at a time , then you 'd learn what a gibbon and my tits have in common . '' 
 i paused and plastered on a smile for him . 
 he stayed quiet . 
 jude had learned a lot in the years we 'd been together . 
 `` i remember learning that gibbons are mostly monogamous . 
 they choose one mate and spend the rest of their lives with that mate . 
 they take care of their mate , protect it , clean it , feed it-you name it and these gibbons do it . 
 both the male and the female . 
 there is n't a distinction between sex . '' 
 jude 's eyebrows pulled together . 
 `` these gibbons live in their own little world . 
 they do n't let anything , or any other gibbons , get in the way of the bond they 've formed . 
 they live in their bubble from the rest of the world , and do n't let what 's going on outside their bubble come inside it . '' 
 what the hell was i saying ? 
 i really was about to have a total and irreversible break . 
 and then every single wrinkle on jude 's face flattened . 
 looking into my eyes , i watched his eyes go from steel to silver gray . 
 when his hand brushed my cheek , i knew my lunacy had appealed to his and had somehow managed to cancel it out . 
 `` luce , '' he said , one corner of his mouth turning up , `` are you saying we 're gibbons ? '' 
 my smile formed . 
 i had my jude back . 
 `` well , you might be one . 
 you 're the hairy one . '' 
 a few laughs later , his mouth dropped to mine . 
 `` come here , my beautiful , smart , sexy gibbon . '' 
 `` and calm , '' i added , around his kisses . 
 `` i 'm a calm gibbon . '' 
 i could n't get anything else out , because his mouth made words impossible . 
 as he kissed me , i felt the tension leave him . 
 each time our tongues touched , every slide of our lips , every touch dimmed his anger . 
 `` at least the new and improved calm lucy larson can still kiss the hell out of me , '' he said , after pressing a final kiss to my forehead . 
 `` mind telling me how you were able to keep from blowing a gasket ? '' 
 i grinned at a man over jude 's shoulder who 'd been hoping to grab a morning paper . 
 not today , not this stand . 
 `` yoga and meditation , '' i replied , shifting my smile jude 's way . 
 his eyes rolled . 
 `` well , whatever 's responsible for your being the calm to my crazy , i 'm proud of you , luce , '' he said , before his eyes wandered down my body . 
 his forehead wrinkled . 
 `` my being proud of you aside , i do n't understand how you can be so damn cool about all of this , luce . '' 
 there was a lot of `` all of this '' going on right now . 
 more than normal . 
 `` all what ? '' 
 `` a nak * d picture of you plastered on the front page , '' he said , keeping his voice controlled , even though the sinews of his neck were surfacing . 
 `` your boobs on display for the entire world . 
 i mean , shit , those are my boobs . 
 not the entire world 's to enjoy . '' 
 the anger had morphed into hurt , and , in jude 's case , that meant nothing around us was in danger of being destroyed . 
 i let myself exhale . 
 it felt like i 'd been holding that breath for ten minutes straight . 
 speaking of time ... if we did n't wrap this up soon i was going to miss my flight . 
 `` no , baby , '' i said , glancing down at them , `` these are my boobs . 
 i just give you an all-access pass to them . '' 
 he half scowled , half smirked at me as i continued . 
 `` and the only reason i 'm able to stay cool is because i know there 's going to be no end to this kind of stuff , jude . 
 you 're in the public eye in a big way now . 
 there 's going to be no shortage of scandals , or photos , or rumors , or whatever else comes with being a hotshot quarterback . '' 
 dropping my hand to his , i weaved my fingers with his . 
 `` even before the nfl , there was no shortage of this kind of shit in our lives . '' 
 i paused and let him work those words out . 
 our path had never been smooth , and though i often found myself wishing for it , our future probably would n't be , either . 
 i 'd figured this out freshman year , chosen to accept it , and gotten on with my life ... with jude . 
 there were worse things than bumps in the road . 
 plus , i had a man like jude , who loved me like there was no tomorrow . 
 bumps in the road were a small sacrifice to make for that kind of love . 
 `` okay . 
 two things , '' jude said , rubbing the back of his neck as he liked to do when he was working things out . 
 `` one-i do believe when you agreed to be my wife , that whole ` what 's mine is yours ' clause applies , so your boobs are , in fact , mine . '' 
 i crossed my arms while he continued walking on thin ice . 
 `` just the way my body belongs to you , luce , '' he added with a wink . 
 `` and two-are you saying you want to-that you 're okay with-living in our own little gibbon bubble ? '' 
 the words gibbon and bubble coming from jude ryder 's mouth were all kinds of funny . 
 but he meant what he said . 
 seriously . 
 `` if i get to live in that bubble with a certain guy i love '' - i ran my thumb down the scar on his cheek - `` then yeah , i want to live in a bubble . '' 
 it was the only option , really . 
 unless i wanted to be downing some hard-core over-the-counter narcotics before i turned twenty-two , jude and i would have to figure out a way to separate ourselves from the public eye and the scrutiny that was sure to follow . 
 `` how about you ? 
 how does bubble living sound from your size twelves ? '' 
 `` with you , luce , '' he said , grabbing my hand as it left his face . 
 holding it to his mouth , he kissed my palm softly . 
 that kiss , pressed to that patch of skin on my palm , had a direct line to every nerve ending in my body . 
 `` i 'll take any kind of living , so long as i get to do it with you at my side . '' 
 `` at your side . 
 on your side . 
 side by side ... '' he lifted his hand . 
 `` are you saying you 're with me , luce , no matter what comes ? '' 
 `` i 'm saying i 've always been with you , ryder '' - i kissed one corner of his mouth , and then the other - `` and i always will be . '' 
 his grin was so wide , his scar disappeared into his cheek . 
 this was my favorite smile of his . 
 not because it made his scar disappear , but because it eased it for a few moments . 
 his cocky smile-smirk was a close second favorite . 
 `` you . '' 
 he pointed at me before turning his finger on himself . 
 `` me . 
 bubble . '' 
 his finger now circled around us before making a flicking motion . 
 `` the world . '' 
 `` sounds perfect , '' i replied , my eyes shifting toward the security checkpoint . 
 i was going to miss my flight if i did n't leave now . 
 when i looked back at him and saw that familiar glimmering of longing and want in those gray eyes of his , my stomach bottomed out . 
 okay , thirty seconds . 
 `` three weeks , '' he said , followed by a groan . 
 i groaned my reply . 
 grabbing me close , he dropped his mouth to my ear . 
 `` better make it a good one then . '' 
 i made it the best damn one yet . 
 twelve that next monday , i found myself in a predicament . 
 not only because the past day and a half since i 'd last seen jude had gone by so agonizingly slowly that it did n't seem fair , and i still had nineteen days to go , but because i was unprepared for the dress code at my new job . 
 i had a half hour before eight , and i knew the only thing worse than showing up for the first day under - or overdressed was being late . 
 i shot a quick text off to india , praying she 'd have some idea whether my position at xavier industries warranted a skirt and a blouse or was more of a pants-and-shirt kind of place . 
 as i waited for her reply , i hoped it would be more the cotton-and-wrinkle-free kind of workplace . 
 as i was hooking my bra into place , my phone chimed . 
 i frowned when i read her reply . 
 anton 's an old-school , mad men style chump . 
 as your friend , i have to advise you to dress up . 
 but as his sister , i really want you to show up in cutoffs and sandals just to piss him off . 
 i sighed and pulled my black pencil skirt from the hanger . 
 as i was stepping into it , my phone chimed with another message from india . 
 good luck . 
 give 'em hell . 
 i typed ditto and hit send before pulling my white button-down blouse out of the closet , along with my black heels . 
 once i was changed , i hurried out of the apartment . 
 although , thanks to the tightness of the skirt , `` hurrying '' anywhere was a joke . 
 the fastest i could go was a shuffle . 
 once i was in my mazda , it took me only ten minutes to get to the office . 
 as i passed a familiar building , i realized my new job had yet another perk-my dance studio was close by . 
 time would be in short supply this summer , and if i wanted to keep dance a priority , i 'd have to come up with some creative scheduling . 
 maybe i could squeeze in some mornings before work , or during a lunch break , or whenever i could carve out an hour or two after work . 
 thankfully , my summer class was an independent study , so as long as i clocked four hours of studio time every week , i 'd pass the course . 
 after double-checking the address on the outside of the building with the address and suite number i had in my phone , i found a parking spot and headed to my first day on the job . 
 i was always nervous on a first day of anything , but this morning i was all butterflies . 
 i would have thought i 'd be more chill , since i kind of knew anton , but that seemed to create the opposite effect . 
 maybe because he was india 's brother , and i did n't want to put either of them in an awkward position if things did n't work out , or maybe i was nervous because administrative assistant sounded like a pretty professional job for a college student . 
 as i was heading through the revolving door , my phone chimed . 
 i slid it out of my purse . 
 i stopped in the middle of the foyer so i could admire the picture . 
 jude was in his gym gear inside the locker room , extending a handful of roses . 
 red roses . 
 the text read , sorry i could n't be there to hand these to you in person . 
 just like that , the nerves were gone . 
 one picture and a handful of words from jude and i was calm as calm could be . 
 before heading toward the elevator , i texted back , i 'm one lucky bitch . 
 i was lucky for so many reasons . 
 all of those reasons starting and ending with jude . 
 once inside the elevator , i could n't resist checking out the picture again . 
 when i looked away , a few of the people around me were staring at me like they could n't possibly imagine why i was beaming on a monday morning . 
 if only they knew . 
 the doors whooshed open on the fifth floor and i headed down the hall , still running on grins and giddiness . 
 when i came to the door that read , xavier industries , i ran my hands down my skirt , rolled my shoulders back , and only once i was sure i looked what i felt like an admin assistant should did i open the door . 
 the office was n't huge , nor was it exceptionally welcoming , but it was how i envisioned a cubicle city-type office would appear . 
 it smelled like copy machine , and there was even a rubber tree plant stuffed in the back corner where the watercooler stood . 
 it looked like i was the first one here , because i did n't see a single top of a head over the maze of cubicle walls , or any computers humming to life . 
 the lights were on , though , and someone had to have unlocked the door , so i could n't be the lone ranger at xavier industries . 
 taking a few more steps inside , i saw what i guessed would be my desk , situated outside a large enclosed office . 
 i did n't know this because of the nameplate in front that read , lucy larson ; nor did it have anything to do with the nameplate on the door behind the desk that read , anton xavier . 
 i knew it was my space because there were a dozen vases dotting the desk , brimming over with red roses . 
 that beam that was starting to hurt my smile muscles burst again as i reached for the white envelope on one of the arrangements . 
 so maybe i could kind of be there in person . 
 the note was signed with an , xxxo , mr. amazing . 
 talk about a great way to start a first day at a new job . 
 plus mom and dad had left a voice mail for me on the drive over , wishing me good luck and a great first day . 
 `` i wish i could say i 'd come up with the idea , '' a voice sounded behind me . 
 i spun around , my mouth dropping . 
 i could have been looking at a male india , only a couple inches taller , maybe a shade darker . 
 i would have mistaken anton and india for twins if i did n't know anton was a few years older . 
 `` what idea ? '' 
 i said , figuring that if he was n't going to start off with a common greeting , i did n't need to either . 
 `` the flowers , '' anton replied , gesturing at my desk . 
 `` it 's your first day and your boss did n't think to order flowers to welcome you . 
 good thing someone else did . '' 
 i decided not to mention that if anton had thought to order flowers for me and jude ever found out , anton would be speaking an octave higher for the rest of his life . 
 `` i was n't sure what the dress code was , so i hope i did all right , '' i said , looking down at my outfit . 
 in contrast , anton had on a stylish navy suit and a maroon pencil tie . 
 i was definitely underdressed if this was the standard . 
 `` you could n't be more all right if i 'd dressed you myself , '' he replied with a smile . 
 `` oh , '' i said , diverting my attention from him . 
 he was staring at me in that unblinking way , not sexually , but in a searching way that made me uncomfortable . 
 i did n't want to be inspected . 
 i wanted to clock in , make my money , and clock out . 
 `` that 's good . '' 
 anton came toward me and extended his hand . 
 `` nice to finally meet you in person , lucy larson , '' he said , his smile so white and perfect it did n't seem real . 
 `` and if i had known you were even prettier in person than in a picture , i never would have hired you . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 he was a flirt . 
 like brother , like sister . 
 `` why 's that , '' i shot back , realizing my smart-ass self was going to fit in fine here , `` because you 'd no longer be in the office running for best-looking ? '' 
 anton 's head tipped back as he laughed . 
 his laugh , like his voice , was clear and almost musical . 
 `` india warned me you were a firecracker . 
 for once , i 'm glad she was right about something , '' he said , his shoulders still shaking . 
 `` but no , that 's not the reason . 
 at least , not the main reason . 
 my dad keeps one rule , and one rule only , in business . 
 he says all the rest you can bend along the way if need be , save for one . '' 
 he paused , studying me again . 
 i watched his pupils , and never once did they wander south of my face . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 i said , since he was obviously not going to say any more until i inquired . 
 `` the fifty/fifty rule when hiring an admin , '' he said , with a shrug like it was common knowledge . 
 `` this ought to be good . '' 
 anton slid a hand into his pants pocket . 
 `` make sure she 's over fifty and fifty pounds overweight . '' 
 `` i did n't realize i was coming to work for a chauvinist , '' i said , followed by an exaggerated sigh . 
 `` why 's this the number one rule ? '' 
 he mimicked my sigh . 
 we 'd spoken a few sentences , but i had a feeling i had met my match . 
 `` so there 's no temptation , '' he said . 
 flashing my left hand in front of him , i waited for him to take note of the ring on a certain important finger . 
 `` in case india forgot to mention it , i 'm engaged . 
 so there 'll be no temptation whatsoever . '' 
 anton studied the ring for another moment before he smiled broadly . 
 `` forbidden fruit . 
 wanting what a man ca n't have . 
 i do n't think that worked out so well for adam and the whole fall-of-man thing . '' 
 his smile pulled higher as he waited for me to reply . 
 he was enjoying this banter . 
 since it was my first day on the job , i decided to bite back what i wanted to say to him . 
 `` anytime you 're ready to tell me what i 'm here to actually do ... '' i said , gesturing at my desk and computer . 
 `` i did n't get all dressed up for nothing . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 anton chuckled , coming around the side of my desk . 
 `` you certainly did n't . '' 
 continuing past the desk , he opened the door to his office and sauntered in . 
 when he got to his desk , he glanced back at me where i hovered at the door . 
 `` anytime you 're ready for me to tell you what you 're actually here to do ... '' he gestured at the chair in front of his desk and waited . 
 `` i did n't realize we were playing tag , '' i muttered , just loud enough for him to hear . 
 he smiled and fired up his laptop . 
 anton 's office was posh-if you were into the modern twist on 1960s cool . 
 like india had said , it was a scene pulled from mad men , right down to the fancy crystal bottles of liquor displayed on a shelf behind his desk . 
 like his little sister , anton had expensive taste . 
 i took a seat in the chair across from him and waited . 
 `` do you know much about what we do here in this office ? '' 
 he asked , his eyes fixed on his laptop , all business . 
 he could flip the on and off mood switch as fast as i could . 
 should i have done research ? 
 it was too late now . 
 `` nope . '' 
 super . 
 real intelligent-sounding , lucy . 
 `` i love an honest woman , '' he said , his eyes flicking to me . 
 `` and one who is n't ashamed about it . '' 
 from business to banter in two seconds ' time . 
 anton was going to keep me guessing . 
 `` and i love a man who gets to the point , '' i said , `` sometime today . '' 
 getting back to his laptop , he started typing . 
 `` here 's the quick rundown on xavier industries ' white plains branch , '' he said , typing furiously . 
 his fingers were almost a blur over that keyboard . 
 `` we 're a customer-support call center here . 
 we have twenty employees and triage close to eight hundred calls a day . '' 
 `` a call center ? '' 
 i was confused . 
 `` xavier industries is a board game development company , right ? '' 
 i could have sworn that was what indie said . 
 `` that 's right , but developing , distributing , and selling the board games is only half the battle . 
 the other half is keeping those retailers and customers happy . '' 
 his war with the keyboard came to an end . 
 punching one final key , he leaned back in his high-backed leather chair . 
 thank the heavens i was n't majoring in business , because this made no sense to me . 
 `` happy ? 
 is n't that the reason they 're buying one of the games ? 
 so they 'll be ... happy ? '' 
 `` yes , happiness is definitely a desired side effect . 
 however , humans as a species have this need to report or review or vent or share their opinion to someone who cares . '' 
 he waved his hands before folding them over his desk . 
 `` that 's what we 're here for . '' 
 `` to care ? '' 
 anton looked at me like my confusion was cute . 
 `` to pretend to care . '' 
 `` oh-kay , '' i said , shifting in my seat . 
 i understood why so many politicians came from business backgrounds . 
 they 'd been bullshitting their way to the top for decades . 
 `` and my job is to pretend to care ? '' 
 `` no , you wo n't be taking any of the customer calls . 
 you 're working for me . '' 
 he leaned forward . 
 `` so your job is to enthusiastically care . '' 
 the more he said , the farther down the rabbit hole i fell . 
 `` can you define ` care ' in basic job duties ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` like sharpening pencils , making copies , that sort of thing ? '' 
 sliding a drawer of his desk open , anton dropped a thick folder in front of me . 
 `` for starters , i 'd like you to go through these call sheets and make note of how long each call lasted , along with how many minutes the caller had to wait on hold before reaching an associate . '' 
 i gawked at the folder-it was larger than any college textbook i 'd ever seen . 
 `` is this supposed to take me all summer ? '' 
 that slow smile of anton 's slid back into place . 
 `` i 'll give you until lunch . '' 
 i was earning my pay here at xi . 
 i 'd been sure i 'd been on the receiving end of a good deal , but i realized by lunchtime that it was anton who 'd been on the better receiving end . 
 i did n't know how i did it , or who 'd slowed time down in order for me to get it done , but i was on my last sheet of that dictionary-size folder when anton 's door whooshed open . 
 `` lunchtime , '' he announced , sliding into his jacket that had just enough sheen to it for me to know it had cost a small fortune . 
 glancing at the time on my computer , i felt my eyes bulge . 
 it was almost one o'clock . 
 `` oh , man . 
 i 'm sorry , anton . 
 i got so caught up in this project that i did n't even realize what time it was , '' i said , spinning in my chair to face him . 
 `` what do you normally get for lunch ? 
 i 'll run out and grab it right now . '' 
 his eyebrows knitted together like he was insulted . 
 `` if india found out i 'd reduced you , in any way , shape , or form , to a glorified coffee runner , she 'd skin me and leave me in the woods for the bears . '' 
 i capped my pen and dropped it back into the holder . 
 `` and if you ever give me another project like that and expect me to finish it before the year is up , i might just do the same to you . '' 
 i smiled sweetly . 
 `` have you talked to all your bosses like this ? '' 
 he asked , leaning into my desk . 
 i raised an eyebrow . 
 `` only the ones who deserved it . '' 
 shaking his head , anton motioned for the door . 
 `` come on . 
 time for lunch . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 another brilliant gem from the mouth of lucy larson . 
 `` food . 
 sustenance . 
 you . 
 me . '' 
 he motioned to the door again . 
 `` now . '' 
 two things stopped me short from accepting anton 's invitation right then . 
 the first being jude . 
 and the second being jude . 
 he was about as territorial as i was , and i knew i would n't have been okay with another woman taking him to lunch on a whim . 
 `` i think i 'll stay and finish this up , '' i lied . 
 `` i brought a snack with me . '' 
 `` enough with the protesting already . 
 you 've put up a good fight , but it 's useless , because i always get what i want . '' 
 anton 's eyes gleamed , while i felt my temper switch begging to be flipped . 
 `` plus , it 's a company tradition passed down from my dad . 
 rule number two in the business world : you always take an employee out to lunch on their first day . 
 that 's just good business . '' 
 there 'd been a lot of times in my life when i 'd felt like an idiot . 
 this being one of those times . 
 hoping anton did n't think i was acting like too much of a nut , i slid back into my heels and stood up . 
 `` far be it from me to stand in the way of time-honored traditions and good business , '' i said , grabbing my purse before coming around the desk . 
 anton had the door open and was waiting . 
 almost everyone in cubicle city was back from lunch , and just like this morning , whenever i 'd looked up from my heap of paperwork , they were watching me . 
 staring was perhaps the better word . 
 `` i 'll have my cell if anyone needs to get hold of me , '' anton announced before closing the door behind us . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 they 'll get used to you in a few days . '' 
 i followed him toward the elevator . 
 `` what will they get used to ? '' 
 i had n't been aware i was something or someone who required getting used to . 
 `` they 're a bit starstruck . 
 it 's not every day you get to work in a call center with a girl who 's with one of the most talked-about nfl quarterbacks , and one who was just photographed nak - '' he paused as my eyes bulged before narrowing on him . 
 shit , shit , shit , shit , shit . 
 shit on a stick . 
 the whole office had seen that picture ? 
 anton had seen that picture ? 
 a few of those male stares made a bit more sense today . 
 they 'd been staring at me like they were seeing me nak * d because they had , in fact , seen me nak * d. shit . 
 `` you saw it ? '' 
 it was n't really a question , but i needed it confirmed . 
 anton had the decency to look a little sheepish . 
 just then the elevator doors opened . 
 saved by the elevator . 
 `` you want to talk about it ? '' 
 he asked , trying , but failing , not to smirk . 
 `` no , '' i hissed , crossing my arms . 
 i guess i had n't thought that picture would span the whole country . 
 i should have known better . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i did n't look , '' he said , his voice soft . 
 `` i could n't stop the others from seeing it , but i did n't . 
 i 'm sorry that happened . '' 
 his expression bled sincerity . 
 the first i 'd seen from anton . 
 the anger rolled right off me . 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'm sorry , too , '' i said as the doors opened on the first floor . 
 sensing i did n't want to talk about it more , or finished talking about it himself , anton waved at someone in passing . 
 `` there 's this great place right around the corner . 
 makes everything from scratch every morning . 
 soups , breads , sandwiches , that kind of thing . '' 
 he waited for me to go through the revolving door first . 
 `` sound good ? '' 
 he asked when he joined me out on the sidewalk . 
 `` sounds good . '' 
 it turned out the cafe was no more than half a block from the office . 
 even though it was past the height of lunch hour , the place was still bustling . 
 the scent of fresh bread and basil hit me full-on as soon as we made our way inside . 
 anton weaved a path to the only open table , waving at a few of the waitresses behind the counter , who blushed almost immediately . 
 as suspected , anton was a flirt . 
 a certified ladies ' man . 
 we 'd barely taken our seats when one of the starry-eyed waitresses was dropping glasses of water in front of us . 
 `` hey , anton , '' she said , brushing her hair behind her ear . 
 i waved my hand in greeting , but i was invisible . 
 `` hey , angel , '' he replied . 
 when he looked at her , you would have thought she 'd just died and gone to heaven from the dreamy look on her face . 
 just as quickly as she 'd arrived , she left in the same fashion . 
 anton obviously rendered most girls speechless . 
 good things i was n't most girls . 
 `` angel ? '' 
 i said , giving him an unimpressed look . 
 `` that 's the best you 've got ? '' 
 he took a sip of his water , the amused expression of his settling on his face . 
 `` are you questioning my game ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` because i 've got more game than i know what to do with . '' 
 `` says you and every other male in history , '' i tossed back . 
 `` but for a man who claims to have mad game , that was weak . 
 i think my sixth-grade boyfriend won me over with ` hey , angel . ' '' 
 `` well , miss know-it-all '' - anton leaned forward - `` angel happens to be her name . '' 
 an eyebrow peaked and he waited . 
 i had nothing . 
 i did n't know anything either . 
 obviously . 
 `` so ... '' i said , taking a sip of water , `` how ` bout this weather ? '' 
 anton laughed , clearly more amused than insulted at my latest bout of know-it-all-itis . 
 `` why have you , india , and me not gotten together and verbally sparred the night away before ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` we 'll have to remedy that . '' 
 `` it seems we already are , '' i said , smiling my apology . 
 `` hey , anton . '' 
 same greeting and moon eyes , different waitress . 
 `` hi , honey , '' he greeted , giving me a sideways glance . 
 `` as in your name , honey . 
 would you mind taking our order ? '' 
 honey did n't go as stupefied as angel had when anton leveled her with those baby browns . 
 `` at your service , '' she replied , biting her lip in a suggestive , anything-but-innocent way . 
 `` lucy '' - anton motioned at me - `` you know what you want ? '' 
 `` i 'll have the caprese salad , please , '' i said . 
 honey did n't once look at me or from anton as she scratched down my order . 
 the restaurant staff had obviously been drinking the anton water and was thirsty for more . 
 `` anton , '' honey said , her eyes lidding , `` what would you like ? '' 
 i grabbed my glass and took another sip of water . 
 this chick meant business . 
 i doubt she would have objected if anton told her to meet him in the men 's bathroom in five . 
 `` what 's your soup of the day ? '' 
 he asked , returning those flirty eyes . 
 `` tomato bisque . '' 
 i never knew bisque could sound so lewd . 
 `` ooh , i 'll have that , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm living on the edge today . '' 
 `` wild man , '' i said , handing honey my menu . 
 `` watch out . '' 
 `` so , lucy , '' he said , `` since my sister never shuts up about you , i feel like i already know you . '' 
 i could only imagine what india had told him . 
 in fact , i did n't want to imagine . 
 `` okay , i 'm going to take off the ` boss ' hat and put on the ` friend ' hat and ask you about something i probably should n't ... '' he cleared his throat and leaned forward . 
 `` tell me about your boyfriend - '' `` fiance , '' i clarified . 
 `` and india 's told you everything about me and nothing about jude ? '' 
 the girl loved jude . 
 well , all the girls loved jude , but india loved him in a platonic sort of way , not the make-me-moan kind of way . 
 `` here 's what i know of jude from india . 
 and these are her words , not mine , '' he said , shifting in his seat . 
 `` he 's fine , has a nice ass , and can make you blush after four years together . '' 
 `` india . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` all of those things happen to be true , but there 's a lot more to jude than that . '' 
 anton nodded . 
 `` i would hope so , '' he said . 
 `` what made you fall in love with him ? '' 
 this was not the conversation i was expecting to have with my boss on my first day , but expectations , in my opinion , were a wasted effort . 
 disappointment was at the end of every expectation . 
 `` it was n't so much what made me fall in love with him , '' i began , staring out the window . 
 `` it was more that i could n't not fall in love with him . '' 
 `` that whole , ` the stars aligned and fate predestined it ' kind of thing ? '' 
 he guessed , his smile telling me he thought he 'd gotten it right . 
 but he was wrong . 
 `` no . 
 more like we made the stars realign and fate had nothing to do with it . '' 
 before he could respond , my phone rang . 
 `` sorry , '' i said , about to hit ignore when anton gave me a nod . 
 `` take it , '' he said . 
 `` you 're off the clock , and i 've still got my ` friend ' hat on . '' 
 `` okay , '' i said . 
 `` i 'll be quick . '' 
 anton nodded and waved me on . 
 `` hello , '' i answered , twisting in my seat . 
 `` is this mr. amazing ? '' 
 jude 's low chuckle came through the phone . 
 `` you better believe it , luce , '' he said . 
 `` how 's your first day ? '' 
 `` it 's going about ten times better now , thanks to this guy who sent me about a million roses . '' 
 `` a million red roses , '' he said . 
 `` thank you . 
 you really are pretty amazing , both in and out of the '' - i substituted a throat clearing for the word i was going for - `` room . '' 
 `` i 'm so damn proud of you , luce , '' he said , over some yelling and grunting in the background . 
 he must be taking a phone break during practice . 
 `` that 's one badass job you got yourself . '' 
 `` wait . 
 you 're proud now ? '' 
 i said , thanking angel with a nod when she dropped my salad in front of me . 
 anton thanked her with a wink , which sent her over the flustered edge . 
 `` when did this happen ? '' 
 `` when i decided to stop being a selfish jackass , '' jude answered . 
 `` would i prefer you to be here with me so i can crawl into bed with you every night ? 
 hell , yeah . 
 but if this is what you need to do , i do n't need to understand it to support you along the way . '' 
 i went a little soft in the knees right then . 
 good thing i was sitting . 
 `` are n't we turning into the mature one ? '' 
 i replied , glancing over at anton . 
 he had n't taken a bite of his soup and was obviously waiting for me before digging in . 
 i encouraged him with a wave . 
 very gentlemanly of him , but there was no sense in his soup getting cold while i wrapped up my call with jude . 
 `` so what are you up to now ? '' 
 jude said . 
 `` you 're not going to get in trouble if the boss catches you on your phone , are you ? '' 
 `` the boss already did catch me on the phone , '' i answered , smiling at anton . 
 `` but i think he 's all right with it , since he 's sitting across the table from me at lunch . '' 
 jude was silent on the other end-for so long , i had to check to make sure i had n't lost the call . 
 `` jude ? '' 
 `` you 're at lunch with him ? '' 
 his voice was low , controlled . 
 not good . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` alone ? '' 
 his voice was still low , but quavered a little . 
 not good at all . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 jude exhaled sharply . 
 `` does he know you 're engaged ? '' 
 his voice was making me squirm in my seat . 
 like i 'd done something wrong . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he took a few long breaths before replying . 
 `` let me talk to him . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked , knowing that was a bad idea from a mile off . 
 `` because maybe he needs a reminder that you are engaged to me , '' he said . 
 `` and therefore off-limits to him . '' 
 i glanced at anton . 
 he was still waiting patiently , oblivious to the guy on the other end of the phone who would gladly reach through the speaker and strangle him if it was possible . 
 i scooted my chair back and lowered my voice , hoping anton would take a clue and excuse himself for a bathroom break or something . 
 `` jude , '' i whispered , `` even if he does or does n't know , accept , or care that i 'm engaged . 
 i. know , '' i said firmly . 
 `` i know i 'm engaged , and that 's all you need to concern yourself with . '' 
 i shot anton another look . 
 it was obvious he was pretending to not be intrigued by my conversation . 
 `` you know you 're engaged ? '' 
 jude said , snorting . 
 `` then what are you doing agreeing to go on private lunch dates with your boss ? '' 
 he was getting fired up . 
 so was i . 
 the difference was that i chose to keep my fire to a smolder . 
 i never thought i 'd be classified as one of the cool , calm , and collected people out there , but i was starting to surprise myself . 
 i unclenched my fists before replying . 
 `` because i was hungry . 
 because he asked . 
 because it 's a company tradition to take new employees out to lunch . 
 because there 's nothing remotely intimate between us . 
 because i was sure you trusted and supported me enough to make my own wise choices . 
 and '' - surely there were about a hundred more reasons - `` and because i was hungry . '' 
 anton cleared his throat . 
 `` lucy , '' he said , sliding out of his seat , `` should i go ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` yes , '' jude snapped , overhearing him . 
 `` yes , he damn well should . '' 
 `` jude , '' i warned . 
 `` put him on the phone , luce , '' he said . 
 `` i need to talk to him . '' 
 anton stood up to go and i shook my head again , and pointed at his seat . 
 i was n't going to let this argument between jude and me be resolved by default . 
 he needed to trust my discretion , my choices , and my decisions . 
 he needed to trust me . 
 anton sat back down hesitantly , looking as uncomfortable as a person could be . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` luce , '' he replied . 
 `` jude , '' i threw back . 
 `` no . '' 
 he kind of sighed , kind of groaned , and was quiet again . 
 i was familiar enough with his frustration to know he was rubbing the back of his neck now , while every inch of his face was creased . 
 `` i 'm across the country , luce . 
 completely helpless while you 're at lunch with your boss who 's probably some pretty guy in a suit who thinks that because all the girls before you have caved to his charms , you will , too . '' 
 i was glad he was n't here to see me , because a small smile parted my mouth . 
 jude had nailed it ; anton was a pretty guy in a suit . 
 `` what do you expect me to do , luce ? '' 
 this was an easy answer . 
 and next to impossible to deliver . 
 `` trust me . '' 
 something short and quiet came from jude 's end , but i did n't catch it . 
 another few moments of nothing . 
 i swear , half of this call had been in silence while one of us processed what the other was thinking . 
 i suppose you could say we 'd finally graduated from the think before you speak academy . 
 `` damn , '' he said under his breath . 
 i totally got that response . 
 `` see why it was so hard for me ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'm starting to get why you turned into a crazy person back in the day , '' he said , understating just what i 'd become `` back in the day . '' 
 psychotic , rabid , shot-flames-from-my-nose lunatic would have been a more accurate description . 
 `` okay , i 'll trust you . 
 i will not trust him , or any other man who thinks it 's okay to take out an engaged woman alone on a lunch date . 
 not cool in my book . '' 
 my smile was n't small any longer . 
 i had jude 's trust , even in a situation where he really did n't want to extend it . 
 `` is that some man rule i missed ? '' 
 `` man rule number two , '' he said solemnly . 
 `` you do n't mess with another man 's woman . 
 ever . '' 
 `` and what 's rule number one ? '' 
 `` do n't mess with me . '' 
 from his tone alone , i knew that cocky half smile of his was in full bloom . 
 `` words to live by , '' i said . 
 `` although i think i 've messed with you plenty . '' 
 in more ways than one . 
 `` you , and only you , are the one exception to that rule , luce . '' 
 `` well , there 's an exception to every rule , '' i said , realizing i was long past being rude , having been on the phone so long . 
 `` it 's been nice chatting , but i 've got to get back to my - '' `` date . '' 
 `` lunch , '' i clarified . 
 `` i love you . 
 thank you for the call , the flowers , and the trust . 
 i 'll give you a ring later tonight once holly and little jude are settled in . '' 
 `` give hol a hug for me . 
 you 've got the football for little jude , right ? '' 
 `` i will , and yes , '' i answered . 
 `` one more thing , '' he said . 
 `` anything . '' 
 `` put him on the phone , '' he said , only partly teasing . 
 i groaned . 
 `` you can talk with him in person when you fly out , so i can monitor what you 're saying . '' 
 `` ballbuster , '' he muttered . 
 `` love you . '' 
 `` love you , luce . '' 
 ending the call , i gave anton an embarrassed smile . 
 `` i 'm sorry about that . '' 
 he lifted his hand , waving like it was no big deal . 
 `` no , really . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 my first day at work , and i 'd just sparred with my fiance on the phone for almost ten minutes at lunch . 
 not something that would guarantee me an employee-of-the-month plaque anytime in the near future . 
 `` it was entertaining , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't think i 've seen that much drama since india forced me to watch the season finale of the real world back when i was in middle school . '' 
 i was n't sure if he 'd intended this as a jab or as a joke , but it stung . 
 it was none of anton 's business , but i had to set the record straight . 
 `` jude 's dramatic . 
 i 'm dramatic . 
 together we make a pretty big production . '' 
 cutting into my caprese salad , i took a bite . 
 food at last . 
 anton finally dropped his spoon into his soup . 
 a gentleman . 
 not exactly what i 'd expected from a brother of india 's . 
 `` that sounds unhealthy . '' 
 my brows came together . 
 i was n't going to let a guy who thought ordering tomato bisque was living on the wild side tell me what was and was n't unhealthy . 
 `` maybe for you , but not for me . '' 
 there . 
 that was a way to roll up about an afternoon 's worth of explanations into one sentence . 
 `` forgive me for speaking my mind , but i am a xavier , '' he said . 
 `` how is controlling healthy for anyone ? '' 
 `` jude is n't controlling , '' i said , taking a breath . 
 `` he 's protective . '' 
 `` there 's a difference ? '' 
 he asked , having a spoonful of soup . 
 it was probably cold by now . 
 `` yeah , there 's a huge difference . 
 controlling is completely different from protective . '' 
 i was tempted to whip out my phone and go all webster 's on his ass . 
 `` jude 's protective of me because he knows exactly what kind of nasty crap is out there in the world and he does n't want me to ever experience it . 
 and if i did , he 's both willing and capable of protecting me . '' 
 i tried to keep from sounding defensive . 
 i liked anton , but his questions were starting to bug me . 
 `` however , even though i know he wishes i 'd let him do it , he lets me make my own decisions . 
 the only person who controls me is me . '' 
 anton pursed his lips . 
 `` controlling , protective , possessive . 
 i 'd lump all those into the same category , '' he said , watching me . 
 `` unhealthy . '' 
 this guy did n't know when to back off . 
 neither did i. `` what did you major in , in college ? '' 
 i asked , hoping that if i tried a different path of explanation i could win the conversational battle . 
 `` i doubled in political science and economics , '' he said , seeming unfazed by my abrupt turn in conversation . 
 `` okay , so in political science terms ... '' i mused , rolling my fingers over the table . 
 lightbulb alert . 
 `` jude is n't a tyrant . 
 he does n't rule over me or expect that i obey his every word . 
 he 's more like an adviser , '' i explained . 
 `` an adviser who not only offers good advice but who knows how to kick ass if required to . '' 
 anton took a couple more sips of soup , stalling . 
 `` so you 've got drama , he 's '' - he purposely cleared his throat - `` protective , and you ca n't tell me exactly why you love him , just that you could n't not love him . 
 lucy , do n't slap me too hard , but that sounds like you 're smitten . 
 or infatuated . 
 not in love . '' 
 boy , i was n't catching a break this afternoon . 
 from jude to anton , these guys were going to make me lose it . 
 i inhaled and counted to five . 
 it did n't matter what anton thought , nor did it matter what anyone else thought . 
 i was n't going to let doubt back into my mind . 
 i loved jude . 
 he loved me . 
 he 'd proven himself again and again , over the course of four years . 
 i was through with doubt . 
 `` we 'll have to agree to disagree , '' i said , setting my fork down , because i was finished with lunch and this conversation . 
 `` we should probably get back . '' 
 `` lucy , '' he said , `` i did n't mean to offend you . 
 i speak my mind , when most of the time i should n't . '' 
 `` because you 're india 's brother , my boss , and a pretty cool guy , i think we should make a pact to not speak about my relationship again . '' 
 i stared at him straight on . 
 `` because i will not , for another second , let you try to put down what jude and i have . 
 you do n't understand us . 
 that 's fine . 
 you would n't be the first and you sure as hell wo n't be the last . 
 but i ca n't be your friend if you keep saying these things . '' 
 `` you ca n't hear anything you do n't want to hear ? '' 
 `` no , that 's not it . 
 with jude and me , we 've been through more in four years than most couples would go through in four lifetimes together . 
 i get that the odds are not in our favor . 
 i also do n't care . '' 
 wow , i was on a roll . 
 time to get off my soapbox before i slipped off and broke my neck . 
 `` i 'm sick of hearing people tell us how not right we are for each other . 
 just because you do n't see it does n't mean we 're not true . '' 
 anton lifted his hands in surrender . 
 good call . 
 `` fair enough . 
 i think i can manage that . '' 
 `` we 'll see , '' i said . 
 i had my doubts about how anton was going to `` manage . '' 
 thirteen my apartment sounded like a herd of rhinos had been set loose on it . 
 the little man was doing his namesake proud , hollering and grunting like a caveman . 
 i 'd had a long day at work , my feet were killing me , and i was exhausted , but i could n't get to my apartment fast enough . 
 it felt like forever since i 'd had someone to look forward to seeing when i got home . 
 so long since voices other than mine or the ones coming from the tv had filled my apartment . 
 stopping in front of the door , i knocked . 
 it felt a little strange knocking on my own front door , until i heard the clop , clop , clopping of little caveman feet thundering toward the door . 
 `` aunt luce is here ! 
 aunt luce is here ! '' 
 although luce sounded more like woose . 
 the door opened so hard it bounced against the wall . 
 `` aunt luce ! '' 
 i propped a hand on my hip . 
 `` have you seen a little boy , sir ? 
 his name 's jude , and he 's about this tall . '' 
 i held my hand out at his shoulder level . 
 `` his uncle jude and i got him a present . '' 
 `` aunt luce , it 's me ! '' 
 `` what ? 
 no way . 
 you are way too big to be little jude . '' 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 not even four years old and the kid could manage a solid eye roll . 
 no doubt he 'd perfected that move from his mama . 
 however , he was the spitting image of sawyer , his father . 
 so much so that when his face lit up with his smile , i forgot where i was and who was standing in front of me . 
 `` mom says i 'm growing like a weed , and i 'm not little jude anymore . 
 i 'm lj , '' he declared , standing a little taller . 
 `` lj , eh ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` says who ? '' 
 `` says thomas , '' he said , pointing back into the apartment . 
 a loud crash , followed by holly firing off a string of , `` fudge , fudge , fudgity , fudge . '' 
 sounded like i was needed . 
 `` is lj too big to give those really good hugs of his ? '' 
 lj gave this a moment 's thought before shaking that mop of golden brown hair . 
 `` nah . '' 
 i opened my arms and he dived right in . 
 `` good . 
 because i 've been dying for a good hug . '' 
 planting a kiss on his cheek , i headed inside . 
 `` are you already demolition-derbying my apartment ? '' 
 i shouted over at holly , who was furiously picking up jude 's old football trophies that had toppled off their shelf . 
 `` i 've got a little boy who believes he 's a t. rex half of the time , '' she replied , setting the last trophy back into place . 
 `` the question is n't if this place will be demolished ; it 's when . '' 
 holly crossed the room , looking more frazzled than i 'd ever seen her . 
 i suppose traveling across the country with a little one would do that to a girl . 
 `` are you sure you do n't want to rethink this , lucy ? 
 it 's not too late , you know . 
 i have n't finished unpacking all our junk . '' 
 `` if you even think about leaving , i will literally tie you up and hold you prisoner , '' i said , hugging lj tighter . 
 giving me a hug from the side , holly mussed lj 's hair . 
 `` well , it 's your security deposit and sanity . '' 
 apparently two momlike girls fussing over him was his limit . 
 making a face , lj squirmed out of my arms . 
 `` how was the flight ? '' 
 `` it was a whole heck of a lot better than it could have been , thanks to my friend children 's benadryl , '' holly said , watching lj beeline for the kitchen . 
 `` hey , give thomas two minutes to himself . '' 
 `` hey , thomas ! 
 did n't have anything better to do tonight ? '' 
 i called into the kitchen . 
 i had n't noticed he 'd stuck around after picking holly and jude up from the airport when i walked in , but holly and lj had a way of taking up a person 's attention . 
 waving a spoon in the air , thomas grinned . 
 `` i told holly i 'd hang around for a while and chill with lj while she got settled in , '' he said , right before lj tackled his legs . 
 `` jude michael reed ! '' 
 holly shouted . 
 damn , she had the mom tone down so well i flinched . 
 `` if you do n't calm down and start acting like the sweet , good little boy i know you can be , poor thomas will never come back to see us . '' 
 thomas 's eyes shifted to holly , and even though they were dark brown , i would have sworn they went a little soft . 
 holly had already left an impression on him . 
 he waved his spoon again . 
 `` i 've got three little brothers , so i guarantee you there 's nothing he can do to me that has n't already been done . '' 
 turning off a burner , thomas grabbed lj and tossed him over his shoulder before galloping around the room in circles . 
 the poor neighbors below us . 
 `` so that 's your dance partner ? '' 
 holly said , watching the two of them charging and squealing around the room . 
 `` that 's him . '' 
 `` i can see why jude went ape shit when he found him undressing you , '' she said , heading back toward her suitcase . 
 `` that 's not exactly a revelation , holly . 
 jude does , would , and will go ape shit on anything that remotely resembles a man who tries to help me undress . '' 
 i followed her and plopped down on the sofa . 
 `` yeah , but thomas is cute , '' she said , stealing a glance at him . 
 my brows came together . 
 thomas was good-looking in a beautiful kind of way . 
 dark , long hair , eyes almost as dark , and flawless alabaster skin . 
 he was easy on the eyes and had caught the attention of more than the majority of female dancers at school , but their cute and holly 's cute did n't seem like they would have aligned . 
 holly was more on the same page as me : she liked the rough , rugged , raw , handsome , all-male type . 
 `` you think thomas is cute ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` do n't you ? '' 
 i shrugged , watching thomas and lj where they now wrestled on the ground . 
 `` yeah . 
 but - '' `` yeah , yeah , i know , '' holly interrupted . 
 `` he plays for the other team . 
 that 's obvious . 
 look how thoughtful he is , how well he dresses , and how his eyes never wander below my neck . '' 
 i was about to clarify thomas 's sexual orientation when lj went off like a fire alarm . 
 i made a mental note to pick up some excedrin next time i was at the store . 
 `` aunt luce , is this for me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 well , he yelled . 
 `` lj . 
 were you going through aunt lucy 's things ? '' 
 holly said as he sprinted toward us with a present in hand . 
 jude had even had it wrapped in yellow-and-blue paper . 
 `` it was in her bedroom , '' he said , turning the present over in his hands . 
 `` what were you doing in her bedroom ? 
 i told you lucy 's bedroom is off-limits . '' 
 `` i forgot to tell you , '' i said , grabbing lj and tossing him into my lap . 
 `` you guys are going to take my room and i 'm going to be out here . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 holly said , like she 'd heard me wrong . 
 `` no . 
 no way , lucy larson . 
 we came on the understanding we 'd inconvenience you , not straight-up displace you . '' 
 thomas crashed down beside me . 
 his hair looked like it had been whirled around in a blender a few times . 
 `` will you listen to me for once , you stubborn brat ? 
 you and lj are taking my room . 
 he needs a quiet spot where he can sleep , and there are two of you . 
 i already ordered a twin mattress and a couple room dividers to set up out here for me , so it 's done . '' 
 i arched a brow and waited . 
 holly liked to argue with me almost as much as jude did . 
 what she did next , though , i was n't expecting . 
 i 'd been braced and ready for another five rounds of back-and-forth . 
 instead she threw herself down beside me and pulled me into a hug that was so tight it almost cut my airway off . 
 `` i do n't know what i 'd do without you and jude . '' 
 she sniffed into my hair . 
 i 'd never seen her cry . 
 in fact , i 'd come to the conclusion she could n't cry . 
 `` you 'd be fine , holly , '' i assured her , just like either jude or i did when she tried to give us more credit than we were due . 
 holly had crossed the proverbial nile all on her own . 
 jude and i had just been there to provide a little help along the way . 
 patting her back a few times , i winked at lj . 
 `` well . 
 are you going to keep staring at that thing all night or are you going to tear into it ? '' 
 his face lit up right before a hurricane of wrapping paper flew into the air . 
 `` a football ! '' 
 he said , jumping up and down . 
 `` a real football . 
 not a baby one . '' 
 arching his arm back , he launched it straight into thomas 's stomach . 
 thomas grunted , fumbling with the ball like he did n't know whether to throw it or pirouette with it . 
 `` holy snickies , '' holly said , examining the ball in thomas 's hands . 
 `` are those signatures on that thing ? '' 
 `` snickies , yeah , '' i replied , realizing i 'd have to really watch my mouth now that an innocent set of ears was around . 
 that , more than anything else , seemed like it would be the hardest part of this situation . 
 `` as in the signatures of a certain jude ryder and the rest of his teammates ? '' 
 holly was gaping at the ball now . 
 i shot her a smirk . 
 `` no . 
 jude ryder and the rest of the members of the bad boys club . '' 
 `` in that case , '' she said with a slow smile , `` where are the phone numbers ? '' 
 thomas handed the ball back to lj before popping up from the couch . 
 zeroing in on the door , he shifted . 
 `` i 'd better get back , '' he said . 
 `` i 've got an hour 's drive ahead of me . '' 
 holly and i exchanged a look . 
 thomas had seemed ready to spend the night on the couch , and now he could n't get out of here fast enough . 
 hopping up , i followed after him . 
 `` thanks again , thomas , '' i said , opening the door for him . 
 `` i owe you a solid . '' 
 he paused in the doorway and looked back to where lj was tossing his ball to holly . 
 `` no , you do n't . 
 i have n't had this much fun since karaoke night , when you sang a drunken version of ` hey jude ' before falling off the stage . '' 
 i scowled at him . 
 that was a night i did n't like to remember . 
 jude had been in town that weekend , and the bartender had been a bit heavy-handed with my drinks that night . 
 the result was n't pretty . 
 thomas still could n't take his eyes off holly , so i began to hatch a plan . 
 `` how about you let me make you dinner friday night , then ? 
 as a way to express my undying thanks . '' 
 i waited while he worked out something in his head . 
 `` come on . 
 you can stay the night here , so you wo n't have to worry about driving late at night . '' 
 his eyes widened at that . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` hol , '' i called over my shoulder , `` are we sure we want thomas over for dinner friday night ? '' 
 after launching the ball into lj 's arms , she glanced over at us . 
 i swore i heard an uptick in thomas 's heart . 
 `` seven o'clock , '' she said . 
 `` do n't be late . '' 
 i grinned victoriously at thomas and waited . 
 `` it 's a date , '' he said at last , before his face reddened . 
 `` i mean , it 's a dinner . 
 a dinner date ... '' another shade redder . 
 `` i mean friday 's the date , and dinner 's the event . '' 
 wincing , he turned around . 
 `` i 'm going to go die now . '' 
 `` thanks for everything ! '' 
 holly shouted as he headed into the hall . 
 `` it was nice meeting you , thomas . '' 
 he stuck his head back into the apartment . 
 `` it was nice meeting you , holly . '' 
 she shot him a smile that made the poor guy go another shade darker . 
 giving me a wave , thomas hurried down the hall . 
 he did n't make it two doors down before he tripped over ... his own two feet . 
 `` you all right down there , grace ? '' 
 i called out as he caught himself before he bit it . 
 `` i 'm not exactly feeling like myself tonight , '' he replied , glaring at his feet like they 'd betrayed him . 
 `` i wonder why . '' 
 i gave him a wry smile . 
 his shook his head . 
 `` good night , lucy . '' 
 `` good night , grace . '' 
 he gave me a thumbs-up before making it down the rest of the hall in one piece . 
 i 'd never seen thomas trip like that , not once in our three years of performing together . 
 `` what did you do to that boy ? '' 
 i asked as soon as i closed the door . 
 `` made him think twice about having kids , '' holly said , getting back to work on unpacking her suitcase . 
 `` no , he has the holly bug so bad - '' `` jude ! '' 
 holly shouted , rushing over to where lj stood in front of my potted fern . 
 his pants were around his ankles . 
 `` please , please , please do n't tell me you just peed on aunt lucy 's plant . '' 
 lj pulled up his pants and shrugged . 
 `` it looked thirsty . '' 
 i burst out in laughter , but was silenced almost as quickly when holly turned her power glare on me . 
 giving me a look that said , just laugh one more time , i dare ya , she marched over to lj . 
 `` where are you supposed to go potty ? '' 
 `` the bathroom , '' lj said , like it was obvious . 
 `` specifically . '' 
 `` the toilet . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` so why did you just pee in aunt lucy 's plant ? '' 
 `` i told you . 
 it was thirsty . '' 
 auntie intervention in order . 
 grabbing the watering can from the counter , i headed over to where holly towered over lj . 
 `` you 're right ; it was thirsty . 
 but i know for a fact my little fern is allergic to little-boy pee '' - i elbowed holly before she elbowed me right back - `` so next time it 's thirsty , you can use this to give it some water . '' 
 i handed the can to lj . 
 `` this will be your job here . 
 to keep the plant happy and healthy . 
 think you can handle that ? '' 
 lj inspected the can , turning it over a few times before nodding . 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'll take care of the plant , aunt luce , '' he said , sounding as solemn as an almost four-year-old boy could . 
 then his eyes shifted to the tv in front of the sofa and they lit up . 
 `` mom ? 
 can i watch yo gabba gabba ? '' 
 holly checked the clock on the kitchen wall . 
 `` go for it . '' 
 after carefully placing the watering can beside the plant , lj skipped over to the tv and grabbed the remote . 
 `` does he need help with that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` are you kidding ? 
 he 's known what time and what channel yo gabba gabba ! 
 is on since he was two , '' she said , looking from the plant to me . 
 `` sorry about that . 
 like i said , a little caveman . '' 
 `` do n't worry , '' i said , `` and if it makes you feel any better , i 'm pretty sure that was n't the first time it was peed on . 
 i 'm almost certain jude had that honor after we burned through a couple bottles of champagne new year 's eve and the bathroom was just too far to go when he had to go . '' 
 `` men , '' holly said , curling her nose at the plant . 
 `` they look for any excuse they can to whip that thing out . 
 age is n't a factor . 
 obviously . '' 
 her eyes landed on lj , who was enraptured by a show that looked like it was conceived during an acid trip . 
 `` come on . 
 let 's get your stuff moved into the bedroom so you guys can get some sleep , '' i said , grabbing another suitcase of theirs . 
 `` i 'm sure you 're beat . '' 
 `` like a punching bag , '' she said , grabbing another suitcase and following me . 
 `` aunt lucy and i are going to finish unpacking . 
 let me know if you need anything , lj . '' 
 `` are the brownies done yet ? '' 
 lj asked , his eyes glued to the tv . 
 holly glanced at the timer on the microwave . 
 `` another twenty minutes . '' 
 `` okay , '' he said , sounding like twenty minutes was an eternity . 
 `` i love you , mom . '' 
 all the stress lines on holly 's face ironed out . 
 `` i love you , jude . '' 
 `` it 's lj , '' he said , looking away just long enough to meet holly 's gaze . 
 `` sorry , i forgot , '' she said . 
 `` i love you , lj . '' 
 damn . 
 the kid could pee on any and every surface in the apartment if he kept saying stuff like that . 
 the apartment felt full again . 
 i felt full again . 
 mostly . 
 i knew no matter how many bodies i packed into the place , it would never be enough to fill the void jude had left behind . 
 no one could fill that empty place except for him . 
 heaving the suitcase on top of the bed , i unzipped it and got to work . 
 i 'd already put on fresh sheets and emptied out the closet and drawers to make room for holly and lj . 
 `` lucy , i still do n't feel right taking your room , '' holly said , tossing her bag onto the bed as well . 
 `` i mean , it 's your place . 
 you should get the bedroom . '' 
 `` would you stop already ? '' 
 i said , opening the top dresser drawer before layering lj 's pants into it . 
 `` it 's done . 
 my decision 's final . 
 end of subject . '' 
 `` i love it when you talk bitch to me , '' holly said , snagging a few hangers from the closet . 
 `` it gets me all excited . '' 
 i laughed and tossed her lj 's coat to hang up . 
 `` how 's the job search going ? 
 any luck so far ? '' 
 i loved that i was friends with a woman who believed in creating her own destiny . 
 `` i start tomorrow night , '' she said proudly , sliding a teeny-weeny dress onto a hanger . 
 `` amazing . 
 you can find a job in this town from across the country in a weekend 's time . 
 it took me weeks , and even then , i had to have a friend 's older brother throw me a job bone . '' 
 holly shrugged . 
 `` i had to have a friend 's help , too . '' 
 she smiled at me before situating a few hangers back into the closet . 
 `` what salon did you get on with ? '' 
 `` les cheveux chic , '' she said . 
 `` and it 's only , like , a half mile away , so i can walk to work . '' 
 `` wow . 
 that 's one of the best salons in town , holly , '' i said , impressed . 
 `` way to go . '' 
 `` yeah , well , i guess they were desperate for someone , with all the new business they 've been getting , so when the owner heard i 'd been clipping and dyeing my share of heads for five years , she pretty much hired me right then over the phone . '' 
 holly scooped an armload of bras and panties from her suitcase . 
 i think every color of the rainbow was represented , as well as every pattern and fabric . 
 not a bad collection for a girl who claimed to go sans underwear half the time . 
 `` however , my schedule sucks balls . 
 i 'm working nights and weekends and have a grand total of one day off . '' 
 sliding open a dresser drawer in the closet that had been jude 's , she dropped her racy unmentionables inside . 
 `` what hours at night ? '' 
 `` six to ten monday through thursday , '' she answered . 
 `` apparently the salon 's trying to be friendlier to working women . '' 
 `` and here i 'd been under the impression working women worked nights , '' i teased , pulling out the next drawer . 
 `` who 's been telling on me ? '' 
 holly threw back , slingshotting a bright yellow thong at my face . 
 i dodged it before it landed on me . 
 `` i bet working those night shifts when you have all those professionals coming in , you 'll make a ton in tips . '' 
 `` probably , '' she said with a shrug , `` but i 'm having a hell of a time finding child care for jude . 
 it seems every day care in this town closes by six o'clock , and if i ca n't find day care , then i ca n't take the job . '' 
 i smiled . 
 it was nice to be able to help out . 
 `` i happen to know of a certain auntie 's child care that 's got an opening and is available twenty-four-seven . '' 
 holly froze , right before her face wrinkled . 
 `` no way , lucy . 
 no , no , no way , '' she said . 
 `` you 've done about ten times too much already . 
 there 's no way i could let you babysit my little man four nights a week plus the entire weekend . 
 no . 
 way . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 holly did n't understand that i was n't doing this strictly out of the goodness of my heart . 
 i wanted someone to fill my time so i would n't mope around pining for jude . 
 i could n't imagine anyone who was more up to the task of distracting me than lj . 
 `` yes way , '' i replied , sliding the drawer closed . 
 `` do n't you even think about arguing with me on this , lucy larson , '' holly warned , wagging a finger at me . 
 `` because i will win . '' 
 i was n't planning on arguing . 
 i was planning on being victorious . 
 `` holly , you and lj are like family . 
 i love you both . 
 let me do this . '' 
 my pleas were working . 
 a little . 
 `` come on . 
 this solves both of our problems . 
 you need someone to watch lj and i need someone to keep me company . '' 
 holding up a little shirt of his that read , ladies ' man , i continued . 
 `` it 's a win-win . '' 
 holly 's mouth had fallen open about midway through my last spiel . 
 shaking her head , she looked at me like i was certifiable . 
 `` are you serious , lucy ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you do realize what you just witnessed is n't just a sugar high , right ? 
 that 's the way he is all day , every day . 
 it 's nonstop , on-the-top-of-your-game supervision . '' 
 i crossed my arms . 
 `` are you done yet ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` are you done yet ? '' 
 she mimicked . 
 `` no , i 'm not . 
 i can go all night long , baby , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm not giving up until i get my way , so why do n't you save us the time and effort and just cave already . '' 
 a few moments passed in silence . 
 nothing but the sound of that trippy-ass music filling the apartment , before her eyes went a little watery . 
 `` come here , you stubborn , sweet woman , '' she said , flapping her arms . 
 i let holly hug me until i felt like i was going to pass out again . 
 a couple hours later , the apartment was dark and , other than lj 's little man-snoring , quiet . 
 in two hours ' time , we 'd managed to get them unpacked , worked out a weekly schedule that detailed when i 'd be watching lj as well as a chore and shopping list , bathed lj -lrb- which was more like what i imagined it would be like to wrestle with a slippery sea lion -rrb- , and cleaned up not one , but two cups of spilled milk . 
 neither lj nor i cried over it , but holly was close when spill number two wound up on my coat . 
 i 'd sent her to bed , promising i 'd send lj in right after he 'd had his third try at a cup of milk . 
 i added spill-proof cup to the shopping list before tucking him in next to holly , who was already so deep in sleep she did n't even shift when lj crawled in beside her . 
 until my bed got here , i was camping out on the couch , which was pretty comfortable when you paired it with a couple of cozy blankets and pillows . 
 almost as soon as my head hit the pillow , i felt myself drifting off to sleep . 
 the day had been exhausting for me , too . 
 that was when my phone rang . 
 i snapped awake . 
 i could n't believe i 'd almost forgotten jude 's and my nightly call . 
 blinking to clear my sleepy eyes , i accepted the face time request . 
 `` hey , handsome , '' i said , sounding as tired as i felt . 
 `` shit . 
 did i wake you , luce ? '' 
 his forehead creased , but his mouth stayed formed in a smile . 
 `` if you 'd waited another thirty seconds you would have , '' i said , shifting onto my elbows . 
 `` it was one hell of a day . '' 
 `` good or bad hell of a day ? '' 
 `` pretty great really . 
 just busy . 
 and exhausting , '' i said . 
 `` even better now that i get to end it with you . '' 
 i took him in , letting myself soak up as much of jude as i could through the phone . 
 this was all i got for another twenty-four hours . 
 he was back in his hotel after finally coming to his senses that we did n't need a ten-thousand-square-foot home for our first one . 
 jude was sitting up in bed , and he was shirtless . 
 had i really been tired less than a minute ago ? 
 it did n't seem possible with the way my blood was pumping through my veins right now . 
 `` so ... '' he began , his smile twisting , `` you look pretty tired , but i wanted to see if you felt like having some sweet dreams tonight . '' 
 my inner thighs tightened . 
 `` i 'm not exactly alone anymore , '' i whispered , glancing back at the bedroom . 
 `` i ca n't have regular phone sex with you when a three-year-old 's under the roof . '' 
 `` just be quiet , '' he suggested . 
 i laughed out loud before catching myself . 
 `` when was the last time i was able to be quiet during ... that ? '' 
 an eyebrow arched . 
 `` never . 
 but there 's a first time for everything , luce . '' 
 he was so damn confident , i almost wanted to tell him no just out of principle . 
 but i knew i would n't . 
 my body had already started the spiral to the top from his words alone . 
 `` you do know if i have to attempt this whole quiet thing , i 'm not going to be able to talk dirty to you . 
 right ? '' 
 i said , skimming my fingers down my stomach . 
 my skin was extrasensitive from anticipation . 
 jude shifted in bed before holding his boxers in front of the camera . 
 `` that 's a sacrifice i 'm happy to make . '' 
 and then he threw them to the side , giving me a full-monty view . 
 i swallowed , and then slid my hand under my leggings . 
 `` aunt luce ? '' 
 i jolted , dropping the phone in the process . 
 `` lj ?! 
 what are you doing up ? '' 
 my voice was two octaves too high . 
 `` i heard voices and wanted to make sure you were okay , '' he said , coming around the side of the couch sporting his avengers pj 's . 
 the phone had slipped behind the sofa cushions , but i could hear jude 's low laugh coming through it . 
 `` i 'm okay , '' i said as i pulled the phone free . 
 `` i was just saying good night to uncle jude . '' 
 checking the screen to make sure the view had changed , i flashed it in front of lj . 
 `` uncle jude ! '' 
 his face lit up like jude was cooler than bubble gum . 
 `` hey , little man . 
 how 's it going ? '' 
 `` good , but do n't talk too loud , okay ? '' 
 he asked , lifting his finger to his mouth . 
 `` mom does n't know i snuck out of bed . '' 
 `` you got up to check on aunt luce ? '' 
 lj nodded . 
 `` good job , '' jude said . 
 `` you 're the man of the house now , so i 'm trusting you to take care of your mom and aunt luce . '' 
 `` jude , he 's three , '' i said , turning the screen toward me . 
 he 'd shrugged into a shirt faster than he could get mine off . 
 `` i 'm almost four , '' lj said proudly . 
 `` yeah , luce . 
 he 's almost four . '' 
 `` all right , man of the house , '' i said , turning the screen back toward lj . 
 `` say good night . 
 it 's way past your bedtime . '' 
 `` one more minute ? '' 
 lj begged . 
 `` yeah , one more minute ? '' 
 jude 's voice joined in . 
 i sighed . 
 `` fine . '' 
 lj did a little dance . 
 `` phone five , '' jude said , as lj high-fived the screen . 
 `` thanks for the football , uncle jude . 
 will you teach me to throw it one thousand yards ? '' 
 it was dark , but lj 's eyes were twinkling . 
 `` i 'll teach you to throw it ten thousand yards . '' 
 `` wow , '' lj replied , dumbfounded . 
 `` i 'll take you to the park when i come visit in a couple weeks . 
 in the meantime , practice snapping your arm back and following through on your throw . '' 
 lj 's eyes squinted while he stored these instructions away . 
 `` you 'll be throwing like a pro before you know it . '' 
 `` and ... time , '' i interrupted , realizing that if i was going to be watching this kid six days a week , i 'd have to get used to being a responsible adult . 
 lj groaned and hung his shoulders . 
 `` listen to your aunt luce , little man , '' jude said . 
 `` from one guy to another , here 's a word of advice : you 're going to have to figure out what battles are worth fighting . 
 and this is n't one you 'll win . '' 
 lj contemplated that pearl of wisdom for all of a second before nodding his head . 
 `` okay . 
 good night , uncle jude . 
 good night , aunt luce . '' 
 he waved and started for the bedroom . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 i turned the phone so jude could watch him go . 
 `` love you , little man . '' 
 when i heard the bedroom door click shut , i spun the phone around . 
 `` that was a major crisis averted , '' i teased , as his smile grew when he saw me . 
 `` that , luce , was a major crisis delayed , '' he implied , letting those words settle . 
 jude ryder ... hopeless optimist . 
 `` no , jude , '' i said , propping the phone up against a stack of coasters on the coffee table . 
 `` that was a major crisis called on account of weather . '' 
 `` luce , no way . '' 
 he groaned . 
 `` you got me all excited and now you 're giving me the airtime c * ck block ? '' 
 i turned onto my side , trying not to laugh . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm going to sleep , '' i replied , blowing him a kiss . 
 `` good night . 
 love you , jude . '' 
 a good minute after i 'd closed my eyes , he sighed . 
 i never knew so many emotions could reside in one sigh . 
 `` good night . 
 love you , luce . '' 
 that night , my dreams picked up where jude and i had let off . 
 ecstasy . 
 fourteen i 'd fallen asleep on monday night and it was friday when i woke up . 
 it was amazing how time could move so fast when your life was filled with a nine-to-five office job , mac 'n' cheese dinners , yo gabba gabba ! 
 dates , precious hours squeezed in at the dance studio , and nightly calls from the love of my life . 
 so far , holly loved her job , and i actually looked forward to getting home so i could hang with a three-almost-four-year-old every night . 
 it was impossible to experience any degree of self-pity when you were in the presence of a kiddo who was as happy and energetic as lj . 
 plus , after chasing him around for four hours , i was able to fall asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow . 
 much to jude 's dismay . 
 i was smiling to myself as i played through the many puppy-dog faces and pleas that jude had come up with this week , when anton burst out of his office . 
 `` checked tie or striped tie ? '' 
 he asked , bobbing two ties in front of me . 
 apparently personal wardrobe consultant was now one of the many hats i wore here at xavier industries . 
 work had been going well . 
 i was learning the ropes , and i was so busy the days flew by . 
 i 'd done so much typing and created so many spreadsheets , i was sure i could complete my job with my eyes closed . 
 `` what 's the occasion ? '' 
 i asked , powering down my computer . 
 it was a few minutes after five on a friday night . 
 `` dinner with a blind date , '' he said , inspecting the ties critically . 
 `` some girl my friend went to school with . 
 she 's a graphic designer , likes glam rock , and runs marathons . 
 that 's all i know about her , which is why i 'm coming up empty in the tie selection endeavor . '' 
 if anton thought selecting the right tie was the be-all-end-all when it came to getting a second date , i understood why he was still single . 
 `` the checked one , '' i said , tapping it with the end of my pen . 
 the skin between his brows lined . 
 `` so confident . 
 so certain , '' he said , holding the checked tie up . 
 `` how did you decide ? '' 
 i used the pythagorean theorem and square-rooted the null set . 
 i was an insufferable smart-ass . 
 `` it 's the one i like , '' i said , shrugging . 
 anton 's face relaxed . 
 nodding , he appraised the tie with new eyes . 
 `` the checked one it is , '' he said , heading back for his office . 
 `` thanks , lucy . 
 have a nice weekend . '' 
 `` do you need anything else ? '' 
 i asked , already shouldering my purse . 
 i had our first ever friday-night dinner to prepare for five tonight , and , while anton had been true to his word and not brought my relationship up again this week , i felt uncomfortable being alone with him . 
 and it made me mad . 
 other than some harmless flirting , anton had been a true gentleman , going so far as to walk me to my car every night to make sure i got to it safely . 
 i should n't feel uneasy to be alone with another man , and the fact that i did made me even more uneasy . 
 `` no , it 's quitting time , '' he said from his office . 
 `` i 'm out of here , too , so i 'll walk you out . '' 
 reappearing with the checked tie in place and a tweed vest instead of his suit jacket , he held open the office door and waited for me . 
 i turned off the lights and went through the door as fast as i could . 
 he 'd put on some cologne that was spicy and sweet-smelling , and the fact that i noticed set me on edge . 
 we walked in silence to the elevator , and our silence dragged on while we waited for it . 
 `` do i make you uncomfortable ? '' 
 anton asked . 
 `` when you ask those kinds of questions , yeah , you do , '' i said , almost bolting inside the elevator as soon as the doors opened . 
 anton took one giant step inside and stopped in front of me . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i found it hard to believe that he needed to ask me why . 
 `` because of the way you 're looking at me right now . 
 and because of the things you say . '' 
 i took a couple steps back until i was up against the elevator wall . 
 `` you 're my boss . 
 you 're my friend 's brother . 
 you ca n't look at me like that , or say those kinds of things to me . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 he asked , tilting his head . 
 his calm , one-word replies were starting to piss me off . 
 `` because , '' the genius inside me answered . 
 `` i 've been in relationships with women who have worked with me , lucy , '' he said , looking at me too intently . 
 `` and i 've been in relationships with my sister 's friends . 
 believe me , that 's not what 's stopping me from pursuing you . '' 
 shit . 
 that look on his face , combined with the tone of his voice , made me wish i could put another five feet of space between us . 
 thankfully , the elevator jostled to a stop and the doors opened . 
 i was out of those doors faster than i thought i could move . 
 `` so , yeah , there it is , '' anton said , rushing up beside me . 
 i 'll take `` get a clue '' for a thousand , alex. `` i 'm attracted to you , lucy . 
 i want to pursue you , and i want you to want to be pursued by me . '' 
 if i did n't reply , could i wake up tomorrow and pretend none of this had happened ? 
 i shoved through the revolving door and powered toward the mazda . 
 `` but i wo n't act on my attraction out of respect for - '' i spun on him . 
 this was too much , too late in the day . 
 `` out of respect for a guy who would kill you where you stood if he ever found out what you just said ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 out of respect for you . '' 
 i laughed harshly . 
 `` you 've got one hell of a way of showing respect for me , '' i said , fumbling with my keys . 
 `` i respect you enough to tell you the truth , '' he said , stepping to the side when i swung the door open . 
 `` i want you to know you 've got options . '' 
 i bit my cheek to keep from nailing him with words i 'd regret later . 
 `` i do n't want options . '' 
 `` sure you do , '' he said . 
 `` every girl does . '' 
 and those words , paired with his expression , which was way too condescending for my liking , brought the words i 'd been trying to keep under wraps right to the surface . 
 `` go f ** k yourself , anton , '' i fired off before slamming the door and peeling out of the parking lot , never once checking the rearview mirror . 
 i was quivering . 
 shaking from the emotions that were spilling out of me . 
 it felt like every emotion possible was present and accounted for , although the loudest ones were anger and confusion . 
 anger for the obvious reasons . 
 anton had no right to say those things to me , an engaged woman . 
 not to mention , an engaged woman who was also his employee . 
 no right at all . 
 confusion because i did n't understand why anton had said them in the first place . 
 he was intelligent and purposeful to a fault . 
 he did n't do things on a whim , so i could assume he 'd planned this whole spilling-of-the-guts elevator ride . 
 and that confused and pissed me off more . 
 my life was complicated enough already . 
 i did n't need some guy i 'd just met in person five days ago professing his attraction to me . 
 anton either had a screw loose or was overconfident . 
 neither was a recipe for an acceptable `` option , '' like he 'd said . 
 not that i wanted options in the first place . 
 dammit . 
 now i was thinking about options , thanks to my lovely boss screwing with my friday night . 
 i wanted to call jude . 
 i wanted to tell him everything that happened and everything i was feeling about it . 
 i wanted to talk to my best friend about all of it . 
 unfortunately in this case , my best friend also happened to be the guy i loved , and the guy i loved would fly off the handle-and across the country in a heartbeat-if he knew any other man , anton especially , had said those kinds of things to me . 
 so i did n't call him . 
 instead i glowered at the road and threw a few punches into the steering wheel . 
 by the time i got home , i felt better . 
 and worse . 
 better because i reminded myself that no matter what any guy said or did , i 'd never love anyone but jude . 
 it felt good to be reminded of this . 
 and worse because i was going to be jobless again come monday morning . 
 i could n't ... no , i would n't work for a man who confessed to having a thing for me . 
 that was a whole heap of drama i did n't need in my life right now . 
 not to mention i 'd just told my boss to f ** k himself . 
 i might not have a ton of job experience , but i knew i was on my way to getting myself fired on the spot . 
 as i headed up to my apartment , i forced myself to shelve the anton issue and forget about it until sunday night , when i had to call him and tell him to put an ad in the paper for a new admin . 
 i was going to enjoy tonight . 
 it was n't often i was able to have some of my best friends in the same place , and i was n't going to ruin it by moping . 
 so anton was attracted to me . 
 big deal . 
 it was a free country and he could be attracted to whomever he wanted . 
 as of right now , his attraction was out of my mind . 
 heading down the hall , i could already smell dinner and hear laughter streaming from the apartment . 
 i was grinning by the time i opened the door . 
 `` aunt luce ! '' 
 lj greeted me as soon as i came through the door , like he was standing guard . 
 `` lj ! '' 
 i greeted him back , sniffing the air . 
 chicken enchiladas , one of my faves . 
 `` right this way , '' he said in a dignified voice , before grabbing my hand and pulling me into the bathroom . 
 `` what are you up to , crazy man ? '' 
 i laughed as he towed me along . 
 he was strong for an almost-four-year-old . 
 `` i picked out some jammies and slippers for you , '' he said , pointing at them balanced on the sink ledge . 
 `` once you 're comfy , we can have some dinner and i 'll even bring you your plate . '' 
 his face was so lit up with excitement , it rubbed off on me . 
 `` thank you , kind sir , '' i said , bowing formally . 
 `` but to what do i owe the honor of all this special treatment ? '' 
 `` mom says you 've been working hard all week and you 're our angel and you deserve some dlc , '' he recited , backing out of the bathroom . 
 `` you mean tlc ? '' 
 he rolled his eyes at me . 
 `` nope . 
 dlc . '' 
 i covered my mouth to keep from laughing . 
 `` well , i 'm looking forward to my dlc tonight . '' 
 he beamed before shutting the door . 
 the next sound i heard was his footsteps pounding into the kitchen as he shouted , `` she 's getting comfy ! 
 she 's getting comfy ! 
 i want to pour her cup of apple juice now ! '' 
 i could n't get out of my skirt and blouse fast enough . 
 i 'd worn the same black skirt twice this week , thanks to my lack of business attire , and i had been hoping to remedy that sometime this weekend . 
 maybe now instead of getting new outfits , i could get lj a new pair of swimming trunks so we could swim at the public pool . 
 lj had clearly handpicked my jammies for the night without any help from holly . 
 the top he 'd gotten right . 
 i always wore some variety of a camisole to bed . 
 however , he 'd matched it with a pair of jude 's boxers that had four-leaf clovers on them that read , get lucky , and then , to top it off , lj had loaned me his slide-on slippers featuring the most terrifying of the yo gabba gabba ! 
 characters : the red , warty dude with one eye . 
 once i 'd slid into my tank and hiked jude 's boxers into place , i squeezed on the slippers . 
 only because i could n't resist , i took a good look in the mirror and burst out laughing . 
 this outfit was too rad not to share . 
 snapping a picture with my phone , i typed a quick message : bet you wish you were here to enjoy all this sexiness , before sending it to jude . 
 opening the door , i rolled my shoulders back and turned that hallway into a runway . 
 india was the first to catch sight of me working it , and the beer she 'd been sipping shot straight out of her nose . 
 sputtering and laughing at the same time , she nudged holly , who was chopping up a head of lettuce . 
 `` you go , girl ! '' 
 india said , snapping her fingers . 
 `` you get on with your bad self ! '' 
 holly , followed by thomas , burst into laughter next , tossing in a few whistles and catcalls for good measure . 
 i came to a stop at the kitchen and struck a pose . 
 more laughter . 
 india even let a snort pop out , which , of course , only made everyone laugh harder . 
 while i was busy holding my pose , a little hand grabbed mine . 
 `` you look beautiful , aunt luce , '' lj said , his voice and face full of awe . 
 `` all thanks to you , '' i said , clicking my slippers together like dorothy before heading over to the sink . 
 `` what do you guys need help with ? '' 
 `` just stay out of the way , '' thomas whispered , nudging me as he upended a bag of chips into a bowl . 
 `` india was ready to cut a bitch when i dropped the cilantro on the floor . '' 
 `` i heard that , tinker bell , '' india said , shooting a glare thomas 's way . 
 `` sure , go for the easy insult . 
 yes , yes , i am a male dancer who 's majoring in ballet , '' he said , flinging a chip india 's way . 
 `` you 're just jeals because my butt looks better in a pair of jeans than yours does . '' 
 `` enough already , you two , '' holly ordered , bringing a bowl of guacamole our way . 
 `` i 've been playing referee all afternoon and i 'm done . '' 
 `` he insulted my butt , '' india said , hiking a hand onto her hip . 
 `` i did n't insult it , '' thomas responded . 
 `` i just stated that mine , in fact , is nicer to look at . '' 
 when i realized i 'd been washing my hands the whole time india and thomas had been snapping back and forth , i shut off the water . 
 groaning , holly slammed the bowl down on the counter . 
 `` fine . 
 india , turn around , '' she demanded , twirling her finger in the air . 
 india did n't argue ; she even popped her hip to the side to sway the ass vote her way . 
 `` nice . 
 i give it a nine out of ten . '' 
 only india would be insulted that her ass had just been ranked a nine out of ten . 
 `` okay , thomas . 
 your turn , '' holly said , waiting , but thomas was n't moving . 
 he was frozen in place . 
 familiar with that deer-in-the-headlights look , i helped him out . 
 grabbing his shoulders , i spun him around . 
 i even tucked in his tee and highlighted his derriere with my hands , vanna white style . 
 inspecting thomas , holly tilted her head to one side , then the other , before her eyes went a little dreamy . 
 coming up behind him , holly slapped both hands into thomas 's cheeks and squeezed . 
 he jolted with surprise , but did n't put up any argument . 
 `` thomas wins , '' holly announced , giving his butt a little love pat before retrieving her bowl of guacamole . 
 `` whatever . '' 
 india sulked , carrying a tray of enchiladas to the table . 
 `` what i got back here 's a perfect ten , baby . '' 
 `` taste this , '' holly said , sticking a finger topped by a dollop of guac in front of my mouth . 
 `` eww , no way . 
 i do n't like avocados . '' 
 i wrinkled my nose and sidestepped her before she shoved her finger into my mouth . 
 `` thomas , you try then . '' 
 lifting her finger to thomas 's mouth , she paused . 
 maybe because of the way thomas was looking at her , or maybe because of the way she was looking at him , but it was clear they were both very conscious of each other . 
 her other hand dropped to the bend of his elbow right before he opened his mouth . 
 holly slipped her finger inside and , just as thomas 's lips closed around it , lj came running into the room . 
 `` i did n't spill even a little bit , '' he announced proudly as he set the pitcher on the counter . 
 this shook them both out of their stupor . 
 clearing her throat , holly pulled her finger back . 
 `` what do you think ? 
 too spicy ? '' 
 thomas looked like he 'd need a two-by-four to the head to clear his mind . 
 i was about to go searching for one when he shook his head . 
 `` no . '' 
 i supposed a lame one-word reply was better than no reply . 
 `` maybe not enough salt ? '' 
 holly suggested , looking everywhere but at thomas . 
 her eyes had suddenly become allergic to him . 
 `` there 's definitely something missing . '' 
 thomas 's face got all deliberate . 
 `` from where i 'm standing , '' he said , `` it 's pretty darn perfect . '' 
 i was beginning to feel like a third wheel , so i started making my way to the table when a knock sounded at the door . 
 `` yay ! 
 he 's here , '' india said , clapping as she rushed to the door . 
 `` someone who will be on my side . '' 
 i did n't know india was going to invite her latest boy toy over for the night , not that she would have cared if i knew or approved or not . 
 i was contemplating dodging behind my room dividers so i could change when she threw the door open . 
 `` anton ! '' 
 she said , tossing her arms around his neck . 
 anton . 
 my exact same response , minus the enthusiasm . 
 actually , with the complete opposite of enthusiasm . 
 he was still in his checked tie and vest when india dragged him inside . 
 he had the decency to make an apologetic face when he looked my way . 
 that was , until he really saw me . 
 or saw what i was wearing . 
 he was grinning by the time he got to the slippers , but that grin died as soon as he noticed the look i was leveling on him . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i asked , sounding as impolite as a person could . 
 `` i thought you had some sort of hot blind date tonight . '' 
 `` the bitch canceled on him last-minute , '' india answered for him , `` and when my big brother texted me that for the first time ever , he 'd been stood up , i could n't not invite him over to our first friday-night dinner to lick his wounds . 
 besides , we 've got corona on ice , and mama made some jell-o shooters for the after-little-man-goes-to-bed party , '' she said , nodding over at lj , who was too busy tossing his football up in the air to pay us any attention . 
 `` you do n't mind , do you , lucy ? '' 
 india asked , finally taking a second to look at me . 
 instead of smacking anton square across the face like i wanted to , i plastered on a fake smile . 
 `` no , why would i mind ? '' 
 i said , going to the kitchen to grab another place setting . 
 `` why would n't i want my boss and my friend 's brother to join us for dinner ? '' 
 i was laying it on thick . 
 that was obvious from the way holly and thomas were studying me , like i 'd tripped a wire in my brain or something . 
 `` i 'm sensing the sarcasm , '' india said , when i marched back to the table and slapped a plate down . 
 `` you mean i was n't subtle ? '' 
 `` not exactly , '' she said , as i took out a little frustration on the napkin i was folding . 
 `` bad day at work ? '' 
 she guessed . 
 `` understatement , '' i muttered before i looked up and caught anton staring at my cl ** vage . 
 so much for saint anton who was impervious to what was south of a woman 's neck . 
 `` i 'm going to go , '' anton said , lifting his hands and retreating toward the door . 
 `` best idea you 've had all day , '' i said , crossing my arms . 
 `` hold up , you two , '' india said , grabbing her brother 's arm and pulling him back . 
 `` what in the h-e-l-l is going on here ? '' 
 thomas and holly had drifted up to the table and were watching the whole thing like it was one big ol' train wreck they could n't look away from . 
 `` i can answer that with four words , '' i said , crossing my arms tighter . 
 `` anton is an a-s-s . '' 
 i glanced over at lj , who was oblivious . 
 nothing but him and his football . 
 i mourned that kind of simplicity . 
 india 's face scrunched up while anton 's dropped . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i was an '' - he glanced over at lj - `` a-s-s . 
 a huge , insensitive one . 
 and i 'm sorry . '' 
 he took a few steps my direction but stopped once i stiffened . 
 `` will you forgive me ? '' 
 `` will you promise to stop acting like a huge , insensitive a-s-s ? '' 
 `` i ca n't guarantee that , '' he said . 
 `` but i can promise that i 'll try . '' 
 a couple steps closer , until i could smell that damned cologne of his . 
 `` so ? 
 forgiven ? '' 
 `` forgiven ? 
 i do n't know , '' i answered truthfully . 
 `` but you can stay . '' 
 wanting to put some space between us , i headed back into the kitchen . 
 i was tempted to hack up the other half head of lettuce just to get some of my frustration out , but held myself back . 
 instead , i cracked my neck , popped my knuckles , and grabbed a corona . 
 i did n't bother with the lime . 
 `` lucy , my girl , i do n't know how you managed to get the first apology i 've ever heard from my brother , but that ought to make you eligible for your own national holiday , '' india said , taking a seat at the table . 
 `` lucy larson puts jack-a-s-s-e-s in their place day . '' 
 `` indie , that 's an everyday holiday in my life , '' i said , selecting the seat as far away from anton as i could . 
 holly lifted her beer and clanked it against mine . 
 `` amen , sister . '' 
 `` can i sit next to you , aunt luce ? '' 
 lj asked , squirming up beside me . 
 `` it 's all right with me if it 's all right with your mom . '' 
 `` mom ? 
 is it all right ? '' 
 `` knock yourself out , '' she said , cutting lj 's enchilada into bite-size pieces . 
 thomas dished everyone an enchilada before taking his seat across from anton . 
 `` so what 's your story , anton ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` other than being an a-s-s ? '' 
 anton chuckled . 
 `` i 'll save you the details , since it 's a pretty boring one . '' 
 `` i doubt that , '' thomas said around a bite of enchilada . 
 `` i mean , how can a guy named anton , who is next in line to run a multimillion-dollar company , not to mention a guy who can seriously tick lucy larson off , have a boring story ? 
 it 's impossible . '' 
 i dived into my dinner , hoping that if i had a mouthful of food i would n't fire off anything that was better kept to myself . 
 `` trust me , it 's about as exciting as french vanilla ice cream . '' 
 i choked on my food . 
 seriously choked . 
 lj stood up in his chair and gave my back a few whacks while i sipped some apple juice . 
 when i looked up from my choking incident , everyone was staring at me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i said , expressing my thanks to lj with a smile . 
 `` i 've always found french vanilla to be rather exciting . 
 that 's all . '' 
 `` do you think the psych unit is closed for the night ? '' 
 india mumbled . 
 i scowled at her as i contemplated if eating my dinner was going to be more dangerous than not eating it . 
 `` since my big brother 's having this rare moment of modesty , i 'll give you the four-one-one on anton shaft xavier . '' 
 `` wait . '' 
 thomas waved his fork . 
 `` your middle name is shaft ? '' 
 anton shrugged . 
 `` our parents are huge shaft fans . '' 
 thomas clapped his hands , clearly in awe . 
 `` there is no conceivable way your life story is boring with a middle name like shaft . '' 
 `` the only person whose life story is more exciting is mine , '' india said , taking a swig of her beer . 
 `` okay . 
 so asx in a nutshell ... which is strangely ironic , since it 's very close to a-s-s . '' 
 she grinned like this was a revelation . 
 `` he was the captain of his lacrosse team back in high school . 
 was student body president his senior year . 
 dated every cheerleader on the squad by the time he turned eighteen . '' 
 anton sighed , and grabbed india 's beer before she could stop him . 
 he took a long swig . 
 `` he got a scholarship to dartmouth , graduated summa cum laude , went to the olympic trials for the lacrosse team ; he summited k2 three years ago , sailed across the atlantic on his own two years ago , and one year ago he lost his fiancee . '' 
 anton choked on his beer . 
 a lot of choking going on tonight . 
 `` shit , india , '' he said , before holly leveled a look at him . 
 `` i mean , s-h-i-t , india . '' 
 `` what do you mean , he lost his fiancee ? '' 
 thomas asked , leaning forward . 
 `` like , one day he woke up and could n't find her ? '' 
 anton lifted his hand . 
 `` let 's just drop - '' `` no , like ` one day he woke up and got the call she 'd been killed in a car accident ' lost her , '' india explained . 
 `` s-h-i-t . '' 
 anton sighed , shaking his head at india . 
 i felt a little sick . 
 sick to my stomach and sick in the head . 
 anton had been engaged and she 'd died . 
 recently . 
 i never would have guessed mr. too-smooth-for-his-own-good had such a tragic past . 
 anton seemed more like the friends-with-benefits kind of guy , not the put-a-ring-on-it kind of guy . 
 `` why did n't you say anything ? '' 
 i asked india . 
 she 'd shared about every other personal detail of her life with me . 
 i did n't understand how she 'd forget to mention this one . 
 `` anton did n't want me telling the whole world about it , '' she said . 
 `` which obviously worked out fantastically , '' he said , keeping his glare aimed her way . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` it 's been a year , anton . 
 i know it 's not something you forget , but i 'd like to think it 's something you 'll eventually move on from . '' 
 `` as fun as this conversation is , '' he said , smiling tightly , `` think we could drop it and move on to topics that do n't involve death and fiancees ? '' 
 india huffed , apparently not ready to drop it just yet . 
 whether it was sympathy or empathy or some combination of the two , i spoke up . 
 `` anyone seen any good movies lately ? '' 
 i asked , trying to sound casual . 
 `` i have n't seen one in forever and i have no clue what 's playing . 
 i 'm thinking of taking jude to one when he 's in town . '' 
 `` so much for not talking about fiances ... '' `` so help me god , india , '' i seethed . 
 `` i will put you in time-out and leave you there all night if you do n't take it down a notch . 
 or three . '' 
 `` i 'll let you borrow my spot if you want , '' lj piped up , pointing to the stool in the corner he 'd spent some hard time sitting in . 
 `` give me some love , '' india said , extending her fist at lj . 
 `` you 're like my brother in crime . '' 
 lj bumped her fist with one of his own , and then india went back to her dinner , looking like she was planning on staying silent for a while . 
 figured . 
 i should have known to put india next to the three-year-old if i wanted her to behave . 
 `` i 've been hearing great things about this new spy movie set in the forties , '' thomas said , clearing the air . 
 i went to the fridge to grab him a fresh beer as thanks . 
 `` ooh , yeah , '' holly said , pointing her fork at thomas . 
 `` the previews for that movie looked killer . '' 
 `` you guys should go next friday after dinner , '' i said , handing the beer off to thomas . 
 `` i could tuck lj in and you two could go get a drink first and catch the late show . '' 
 holly was looking at me like i had three heads . 
 thomas , however , tilted his beer at me . 
 `` that sounds great . 
 what do you think , holly ? 
 you up for it ? '' 
 holly 's curious stare shifted to thomas . 
 `` sure , but do you really want to make the drive again next week ? '' 
 she said finally . 
 `` are you sure you want to go with me ? 
 is n't there someone else you 'd rather - '' `` i 'm sure , '' thomas interrupted . 
 hello , mr. obvious . 
 `` okay , then , '' holly said . 
 `` it 's a date . '' 
 thomas swallowed . 
 `` it 's ... yeah . '' 
 i smiled into my lap . 
 these two were both so hot for each other , i was dying for one of them to cave and just admit it already . 
 i was n't sure who would be the first to do it , but i hoped it would be soon . 
 after that , dinner was fine . 
 no more awkward moments , followed by even more awkward silences . 
 an hour later , nothing was left of dinner other than a few chip pieces . 
 india and holly had called mercy and unbuttoned their jeans a half hour earlier , but i-the one in elastic-band boxers-was good to go . 
 anton took dish duty while thomas cleared the table . 
 lj and the girls piled a stack of blankets and pillows on the living room floor before making the world 's coolest fort with every last sheet i had in the place . 
 `` i 've got to take a picture of this , '' anton said , rolling his sleeves back down as he wandered from the kitchen . 
 `` no pictures ! '' 
 lj said , crawling out from beneath it . 
 `` this is top-secret . '' 
 `` good point , '' anton replied , pocketing his phone . 
 `` this gets out to the public , every little boy 's going to have one of these . '' 
 fiddling with the controls , i managed to get the dvd player to cooperate . 
 `` what are we watching ? '' 
 thomas asked , crawling inside and throwing himself down close to holly . 
 coincidence ? 
 i think not . 
 `` ice age ! '' 
 lj replied , plopping down right in between holly and thomas . 
 india had already claimed her spot and was two jell-o shots deep when i crawled in beside her . 
 when anton stuck his head inside , i got all self-conscious again . 
 of course his eyes landed right on me , and a smile crept into position when he saw i was also looking at him . 
 `` room for one more ? '' 
 i was about to say no when lj hushed him . 
 `` the movie 's starting , '' he said . 
 `` no talking unless you want to wind up in the time-out corner . '' 
 `` india , '' i whispered , shaking her . 
 she was almost asleep . 
 `` indie . 
 trade spots . '' 
 no response . 
 india was sandwiched between me and thomas , who had lj and holly on his other side , which left the space beside me empty . 
 although it did n't stay empty for long . 
 `` this spot taken ? '' 
 anton whispered , crawling beside me . 
 `` would you believe me if i said yes ? '' 
 `` okay . 
 now you 're just hurting my feelings , '' he said , punching a couple of pillows into position . 
 `` i did n't think you had any . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` would you let me know once you 're ready to move past this afternoon ? 
 you know , just so i 'm not holding my breath . '' 
 my mood was lightening up , and i was n't sure how i felt about that . 
 `` you start holding your breath now , and i 'll say ` when ' once i 'm ready to forgive you . '' 
 `` if i did that , i 'm afraid i 'd be dead before you 'd even considered it , '' he whispered . 
 apparently , even whispering was n't allowed . 
 lj sat up and shushed us . 
 `` aunt luce , '' he said in that warning voice i 'd used with him a half dozen times a day . 
 i mouthed , `` sorry , '' before zipping my mouth closed and throwing away the key . 
 that seemed to satisfy lj . 
 `` whose phone is that ? '' 
 holly said , looking down the row of bodies . 
 `` mom , '' lj whined before hopping up and pushing pause on the dvd player . 
 as he scampered toward the bathroom , i checked my pockets for mine . 
 hold up , i did n't have pockets . 
 in fact , i had n't seen my phone in a couple hours , since i 'd changed in the bathroom . 
 it was late , so that meant it was a certain someone making his nightly call . 
 a face time call ... i muttered a curse right before lj rounded the corner , phone in hand . 
 `` hey , uncle jude , '' he greeted with a wave . 
 i cursed again , when what i should have been doing was leaping up and getting as far away from anton as the apartment would allow . 
 i did n't hear what jude said , but i could guess from lj 's reply . 
 `` yeah . 
 she 's right here . '' 
 flipping the phone around , lj came toward me and handed it off . 
 jude 's face went from light to dark in the time it took his eyes to move from me to the space next to me . 
 `` luce , '' he said , the muscles of his jaw working . 
 `` who the hell is that ? '' 
 `` jude , '' i said , feeling my temper fire to life . 
 `` nice to see you , too . '' 
 holly jumped up and stopped lj from unpausing the movie . 
 `` let 's get your pajamas on , lj , '' she said , steering him down the hall . 
 one thing holly had learned about jude over the years : when he was pissed , he would n't take the time to spell out select words that were n't meant for little ears . 
 thomas rushed after them . 
 `` it would be nice to see you , too , if you were n't horizontal next to another guy . '' 
 jude 's glare did n't leave anton once , like he was hoping he 'd combust if he stared long enough . 
 `` let me guess who this chump is ... '' he said . 
 `` the man whose gravestone is about to read , ` anton xavier . ' '' 
 i knew i should be embarrassed that my fiance was acting like this . 
 i knew i should be mortified . 
 but i was too angry for that . 
 `` and you must be the very noncontrolling jude ryder , '' anton replied , sitting up on his elbows . 
 if there was a silver lining to this testosterone showdown , it was that the jabs would n't leave bruises . 
 `` anton , '' jude said , sitting up straighter . 
 `` you 're shorter than i pictured you . '' 
 kill me . 
 kill me right now . 
 why was n't i hitting that end button ? 
 why had n't i hit it the instant lj handed that sucker over to me ? 
 because i was an idiot , that 's why . 
 i hopped up and headed for the kitchen , hoping anton would stay where he was so i could start with the damage control . 
 of course anton shot up and was only two steps behind me when i stopped in the kitchen . 
 `` jude , '' anton said , moving in front of the screen . 
 `` your head 's smaller than i thought it would be . '' 
 `` cute . 
 real cute . '' 
 the veins in jude 's neck looked ready to burst . 
 `` i hope you 're gutsy enough to say something like that to me in person . '' 
 `` i 'm gutsy enough . '' 
 jude grinned a tad manically for my liking . 
 `` something to look forward to . '' 
 i was starting to wonder if their next display of manhood would include whipping their dicks out and comparing size . 
 i elbowed anton , hoping he 'd take a clue . 
 not happening . 
 `` you planning on being at friday-night dinner two weeks from now ? '' 
 jude asked . 
 `` if i 'm invited . '' 
 `` you 're not , '' i said instantly . 
 `` yes , he is , '' jude said , that joker smile turning up a notch . 
 `` that is , if you 're gutsy enough . '' 
 `` i 'll be here . '' 
 anton did what i guessed to be a face time stare-down with jude . 
 `` no , you wo n't . 
 you 're not invited , '' i said . 
 `` i invited him , luce . '' 
 i moved the phone closer , until my face took up the entire screen . 
 `` and i just uninvited him . '' 
 `` sorry , luce . 
 but that apartment 's just as much mine as it is yours . 
 and i invited him . '' 
 i was losing my grip . 
 my fiance and my boss were fighting over me like i was some shiny trophy . 
 this was the last straw . 
 `` fine . 
 you want to invite anton ? 
 invite anton , '' i seethed , as my hands began trembling . 
 `` you boys have fun , because i sure as shit wo n't be here . '' 
 jude 's forehead lined as his eyes finally softened when they took me in . 
 `` now , if you boys are done cockfighting , you 're going to leave right now , '' i ordered , pointing anton in the direction of the door . 
 `` and i 'm hanging up on you , '' i said , narrowing my eyes at jude . 
 `` luce , '' he began , but i was true to my word . 
 before jude could get another word out , i did what i should have done three minutes ago . 
 i punched end . 
 `` lucy , i 'm sorry , '' anton said . 
 `` get out , '' i said , pointing toward the door . 
 `` just get out . 
 i 've had enough for one day . '' 
 anton looked like he wanted to say more , but for once he kept quiet . 
 after letting out a long sigh , he headed for the door and did n't look back . 
 fifteen jude 's calls started coming in thirty seconds later . 
 i did n't answer them . 
 i was n't ready . 
 india had snoozed through the whole face time call from hell , and holly , thomas , and lj had stayed hidden in the bedroom until the coast was clear . 
 when it was , thomas came back into the living room , wrapped me up in his arms , and did n't let go until i 'd almost fallen asleep . 
 he carried me to my bed and tucked me in before crawling back into the ginormous fort and falling asleep himself . 
 it was a little past midnight , and i was stuck in that place between sleep and awake , when i finally answered jude 's call . 
 it was n't an exaggeration to guess he 'd called at least fifty times . 
 `` hey , mr. persistent , '' i said in a sleepy voice . 
 `` luce . '' 
 he sighed . 
 i could feel his relief in that one word . 
 `` you were out of line tonight , ryder , '' i said , reminding myself to stay calm . 
 `` i know , '' he replied , his voice all low and rough , like he had n't said a word in days . 
 `` but so were you , luce . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 i sat up in bed . 
 `` i was n't the one verbally threatening to kill a man . '' 
 `` no . 
 no , you were n't . 
 but you were the one cuddled up to him and practically sharing a pillow . '' 
 `` yeah , anton was next to me . 
 so was india . 
 and thomas . 
 and holly . 
 and lj , too . 
 we were all camped out on the floor watching ice age in a kick-ass fort . '' 
 with all the face time calls jude and i had been doing , it felt strange just talking to him . 
 i could n't read the expressions on his face ; i could only guess how he felt from his voice . 
 `` that man is into you , luce . 
 i know you do n't believe me , and i know you want to believe he 's just a friend , but friendship is the farthest thing from his mind when it comes to you . '' 
 his voice was so controlled , so restrained . 
 i was proud of him ... still irritated , but proud . 
 `` we were n't even close enough to touch elbows , jude . '' 
 `` but that does n't change the fact that he wanted to touch you and easily could have , since you were lying right next to him . '' 
 with everything that had happened tonight , i 'd pushed aside the bomb anton dropped after work . 
 i 'd planned on telling jude , because that was n't something i thought i should keep from him , but now , after jude was already pissed to the moon and back , he 'd surely charter a plane and fly across the country tonight just so he could kick anton 's ass in person . 
 was it a lie if i omitted it for maybe a week ? 
 from the guilt that trickled into my veins , i guessed it was . 
 `` now , luce . 
 i 'm sorry for the way i lost it tonight . 
 that 's on me , '' he said , interrupting my thoughts . 
 `` but i need you to keep your distance from anton . 
 i know you want to believe the best in everyone , but not everyone has the best intentions , luce . '' 
 `` how do you expect me to keep my distance ? 
 he 's my boss . 
 i file his paperwork and submit his expense reports and make powerpoint presentations for him monday through friday . '' 
 after taking a few hours to cool off , i realized i 'd been a tad rash in wanting to quit . 
 i had a job , a good , paying one , and i did n't want to pack up my cardboard box all because my boss had admitted he was attracted to me . 
 anton certainly would n't have been the first boss to hit on his secretary . 
 `` remind me again why you 're so insistent on having your own job ? '' 
 i sighed my answer . 
 `` okay , okay . 
 so you ca n't physically keep your distance from him , but keep your emotional distance from him . 
 that 's all i 'm saying , luce , '' he said , sounding more tired than anything else . 
 that was the same way i felt . 
 `` and no more lying next to him with a bunch of blankets and shit , dressed in nothing but a tiny tank top and my underwear . 
 okay ? '' 
 `` are you asking or telling ? '' 
 `` do you really need to ask , luce ? '' 
 `` after the whole thing tonight ... '' i said , trying not to replay it in my head . 
 `` yeah , i need to ask . '' 
 `` asking . 
 i 'm always asking , luce , '' he said . 
 `` sometimes i just ask with a little extra enthusiasm . '' 
 i heard an almost-smile in his voice and could feel my own starting to bloom . 
 `` sometimes ? 
 more like all the time . '' 
 he gave his low laugh . 
 `` yeah , you 're right . 
 but the only reason i 'm asking with enthusiasm is because i care about you , luce . 
 i care about you more than i 've ever cared about anything else . 
 i 'd do anything , sacrifice anything , and say anything to protect you . '' 
 `` i would n't put anton xavier high on the list of what i need protecting from , '' i replied . 
 `` i would , '' he answered instantly . 
 `` and if you 're having a tough time understanding where i 'm coming from , just put yourself in my shoes . 
 what would you do if you found out i was working for some rich , fine chick who would do anything to get me into bed , and then you called one night to say good night and found me cozied up next to her ? '' 
 he paused , probably more to drive the point home than to catch his breath . 
 `` would your reaction be so different from mine ? '' 
 i wanted to snap back with , of course it would , or , hell yes , but i did n't . 
 because i knew he was right . 
 jude had made me understand his point of view , and that was a feat worthy of the nobel peace prize . 
 `` no , it would n't , '' i admitted reluctantly . 
 `` i 'd claw that bitch 's eyes out through the phone if i needed to . '' 
 jude was laughing in earnest now . 
 hearing him laugh made me chuckle , too . 
 `` so we understand each other , luce . '' 
 `` always , '' i said , yawning around my laughter . 
 `` sometimes it just takes us a while to get there . '' 
 `` sometimes ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` how about all the time ? '' 
 i lay back down and burrowed into my pillow . 
 `` thanks for calling fifty times and apologizing . '' 
 `` thanks for answering on the fiftieth call and accepting . '' 
 the moment after we hung up , i was free of the rest/awake limbo land . 
 i did n't wake up once until my little-man alarm clock was bouncing on my bed , bearing pancakes in the shape of footballs . 
 it was friday night again . 
 our weekly dinners with our thrown-together family already felt like a time-honored tradition . 
 last week we 'd made manicotti and garlic bread , and this week we were making our special guest 's favorite meal : cheeseburgers and fries . 
 jude had flown in earlier this afternoon , and even though i fought tooth and nail to get the day off so i could pick him up at the airport , anton had had a big day full of meetings and conference calls , and said that if ever he needed an admin , today was the day . 
 so i 'd been stuck at the office when jude had landed . 
 i knew he was probably already at our apartment , just waiting . 
 this afternoon had been a torturous practice in patience . 
 i was watching my computer screen like a hawk , so when it changed over to five p.m. , i was out of my seat and halfway to the door before anyone else had powered down their computers over in cubicle city . 
 anton had gone to an off-site meeting an hour ago , so i did n't have to check with him to see if he had any last-minute tasks for me before i left . 
 once i was inside the mazda , i fought every instinct to nascar my way back to the apartment . 
 i forced myself to follow the speed limit , and i even made myself pull over at the mall to make a quick purchase . 
 my watching lj evenings and weekends was working out better than any of us could have imagined . 
 he listened to me as much as a minicaveman could , he helped me with chores around the apartment , and i could even take him out in public without having to worry about leaving behind a trail of chaos . 
 however , the store i was heading to now was n't one i wanted to take a little boy into . 
 it did n't take me long to pick out what i thought jude would like best , since he was n't hard to please when it came to lingerie . 
 i paid for it , and was back to the mazda in less than ten minutes . 
 once i was in my parking spot , i checked the mirror . 
 applying a coat of lipstick and adding a touch of bronzer , i was good as good could be right now . 
 i 'd worn my new cobalt skirt and a sleeveless wrap blouse , paired with a patent-leather pair of red heels that were sure to drive jude a little wild . 
 these were his favorite shoes of mine , although he preferred it when i wore them with nothing . 
 i was hoping that was exactly what he had planned for tonight . 
 logistics-wise , we were going to have to get creative , but you know what they say : necessity is the mother of invention . 
 i jogged up the stairs as fast as i dared in these four-inchers , and continued the trek down the hall . 
 as had become the norm , i could hear laughter as i approached the apartment , but for the first time in weeks , my jude 's was thrown into the mix . 
 my heart hurt hearing him without the filter of a phone . 
 his voice , his laugh , was meant to be experienced filter-free . 
 i threw the door open and burst inside . 
 the room went silent following my dramatic entrance . 
 i did n't notice anyone else ; i could n't have even told you who was there and where they were standing . 
 all i saw was him . 
 and all he saw was me . 
 i barely had time to drop my bags before he made it across the room . 
 his arms wound around me and he pulled me hard against him . 
 i was home . 
 `` luce , '' he breathed , weaving his fingers into my hair . 
 i wrapped my arms around his neck and dropped my face into the curve of his neck . 
 i inhaled his scent . 
 i inhaled him . 
 `` i missed you , too . '' 
 `` i missed you more . '' 
 `` oh , yeah ? '' 
 his mouth dropped to my ear . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` prove it , '' i said , pressing my lips into his neck . 
 leaning back , he cupped my face in his hand , holding it steady while his mouth lowered over mine . 
 he kissed me gently , almost tenderly . 
 it was sweet and soft , and the kind of kiss that could have melted me into a pile of mush if he had n't been holding me so strongly . 
 his lips moved mine apart before his tongue entered my mouth . 
 when it touched mine , gliding and exploring with the excitement of a first touch and the familiarity of a last touch , a slow moan escaped out of me . 
 my hands left his neck , roaming the rest of his body like they could n't get to the next place fast enough . 
 his hands followed my lead , up , down , around and around . 
 gliding , squeezing , digging . 
 it was enough to make my head spin . 
 when my teeth grazed the tip of his tongue , the breath caught in his lungs , before he shoved me back up against the wall . 
 his body pressed against the front of me was as hard as the wall against my back . 
 he was hard in all the right places . 
 all the places that made heat surge into the center of my body . 
 `` okay , this is family dinner and movie night . '' 
 holly 's voice entered the world jude and i created whenever we were together . 
 `` not swingers night at the seedy theater that has a back entrance . '' 
 i groaned in protest when jude 's mouth left mine , but his hands did n't . 
 they stayed on the curve of my h * ps in such a way that i could still feel that desire between my legs growing . 
 `` how was that for proving it ? '' 
 he said , his chest rising and falling hard . 
 `` i 'll let you know later tonight , '' i said . 
 `` after everyone is tucked in my bedroom and you tuck me in . '' 
 i arched a brow in suggestion . 
 his adam 's apple bobbed . 
 `` do you think it would be rude if we told everyone it was time to get lost ? '' 
 i laughed and grabbed his hand in mine . 
 `` maybe just a little . '' 
 towing him behind me , i made the rounds . 
 holly was standing behind lj with her hands covering his eyes . 
 `` are you two done ? '' 
 she said with a wink . 
 `` no promises , '' jude answered . 
 `` yes , '' i said , elbowing him . 
 `` for now , at least . '' 
 `` flippin ' rabbits , '' she muttered with an eye roll before uncovering lj 's eyes . 
 lj had on a chargers jersey that was a couple sizes too big , and his tongue was blue from licking the lollipop in his hand that was as big as his face . 
 if he was hoping this little guy would be tucked in and asleep before midnight , uncle jude should n't have loaded him up with a thousand grams of sugar a couple of hours before bedtime . 
 `` why are aunt luce and uncle jude flippin ' rabbits ? '' 
 my eyes bulged as jude tried to muffle his laugher behind me . 
 it was n't working out so well . 
 holly froze on her way into the kitchen . 
 `` because they like to be ... petted . '' 
 holly shook her head . 
 seeing her like this , tongue-tied , was a rarer occurrence than a solar eclipse . 
 `` because they like to ... hu - '' `` because they 're cute and fluffy , '' thomas interrupted . 
 lj 's eyebrows came together for one second before he got to work on his lollipop . 
 `` oh , okay . '' 
 running over to his toy box , he started rummaging through it . 
 crisis averted . 
 holly thanked thomas with a smile . 
 `` good save , thomas , '' i said , grabbing a beer from the fridge for jude . 
 angling it against the counter , i drove my palm down on it . 
 the cap popped off , tinkling when it hit the floor . 
 `` damn , '' jude said , when i handed him the beer . 
 `` you know how turned on i get when you do that . '' 
 `` oh , god , you two . 
 really ? '' 
 holly groaned , sounding more jealous than irritated . 
 grabbing something off the floor , she marched toward jude and me . 
 holding up lj 's spider-man bouncy ball , she stared us both down . 
 `` you know how back in the day they used to put balloons between boys and girls at school dances to make sure they kept their distance ? '' 
 i gave her a really ? 
 look . 
 `` you 're not ramming that thing against my boobs . '' 
 `` you 're right , i 'm not . '' 
 she gave me a sweet smile before jamming the ball in between jude and me . 
 south of our belly buttons . 
 `` there , now the rest of us can actually eat tonight , since you wo n't be able to grind up on each other every two seconds . '' 
 jude looked down at the ball between us and burst into laughter . 
 `` man , luce . 
 you been telling on me again ? '' 
 he said , flexing his h * ps against the ball , successfully shoving me against the fridge . 
 `` you know i like it kinky , but even for me , this might be a stretch . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` i 'm sure it would n't stop you . '' 
 `` no , '' he said , tilting his beer at me . 
 `` no , it would n't . '' 
 `` mom ?! '' 
 lj shouted from the toy box . 
 `` what 's kinky ? '' 
 jude 's face froze in surprise . 
 holly gave him a shove before clearing her throat . 
 `` it 's when a chain gets tangled up , '' thomas said , all matter-of-fact . 
 `` oh , '' lj replied , before going back to unloading the entire contents of the toy box . 
 `` nice save , my man , '' jude said , lifting his chin at thomas . 
 thomas shook his head as he continued to stack cheeseburgers onto a serving tray . 
 `` so today i 'm ` your man , ' but not too long ago i was peter pan . 
 what earned me the upgrade ? '' 
 `` first off , i called you peter pan because i 'm a jealous dick who 'd just found you undressing my girl , '' jude explained . 
 `` and you 're ` my man ' because you 've been looking after the three most important people in my life . '' 
 thomas fought his smile . 
 `` what do you know ? 
 the dumb jock is deep . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah , '' jude said , taking a drink of his beer . 
 `` i 've heard enough dumb-jock jokes to last an eternity . '' 
 `` and i 've heard enough peter pan jokes to last two , '' thomas tossed back , before heading to the table with a tray holding more cheeseburgers than we could eat in a week . 
 jude took another drink before examining the bottle . 
 `` pbr ? '' 
 he said , looking impressed . 
 `` luce , you know how to treat me right . '' 
 i wrapped an arm around him because , after three weeks of being apart , i did n't want to be apart anymore . 
 `` nothing but the best for my man . '' 
 `` come on . 
 let 's eat , '' he said , ringing an arm around my neck . 
 `` i 'm starving . '' 
 `` me , too , '' i said , lowering my voice , since young ears and sexual innuendos should n't go together . 
 `` but not for food . '' 
 jude stopped in place . 
 his mouth lowered just outside my ear . 
 `` you keep up that kind of talk and i will throw you down and do you on this table , too . '' 
 goose bumps were already rising , but when his teeth grazed my earlobe , those goose bumps exploded to the surface even quicker . 
 fine . 
 two could play at this foreplay game . 
 i had to rise up on my tiptoes to settle my mouth at his ear . 
 `` i 'm so ready for you my panties would be wet ... '' i said , going one step further and sucking the tip of his earlobe between my teeth , `` if i was wearing any . '' 
 his breath hitched between his teeth . 
 flashing him an innocent smile , i continued to the table . 
 just as i was sitting down , he came up behind me . 
 `` thanks to you and that filthy mouth , i 've got to take a little time-out in the bathroom . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i said , spinning in my seat . 
 `` we 're just about to eat dinner . 
 a cold shower can wait . '' 
 i chalked up a point for lucy larson . 
 she 'd won this round of verbal foreplay . 
 `` my dick 's so hard a cold shower would n't even touch it . 
 and i 'm not going to sit through dinner with a hard-on tenting my jeans , '' he said into my ear . 
 `` i 'm going to go rub one out . 
 i 'll be right back . '' 
 speaking of wet panties ... `` i 'll help , '' i said , jumping out of my chair . 
 he grabbed my hand and pulled me along . 
 `` good . 
 your hands are softer than mine . '' 
 we 'd just about made it to the bathroom , so close i was already reaching for the top button of jude 's jeans , when a solo knock sounded outside the front door . 
 a solo knock followed by three fast ones . 
 i wanted to cry from the letdown . 
 if we 'd been two seconds faster , we already would have been behind that closed door and my hand would have been sliding up and down - `` lookie here . 
 we 've got a welcoming committee , '' india said after swinging the door open . 
 with anton at her side . 
 `` shit . '' 
 did that just slip out of my mouth ? '' 
 ` hello . 
 nice to see you . 
 good of you to make it , ' '' india said , stepping inside . 
 `` these are a few commonly accepted greetings when welcoming someone to your place . '' 
 smirking at me , she gave jude a quick hug . 
 `` it sure is nice to have my arms around your sexy-ass body again . 
 any idea why we had to shove through a mini army of paparazzi camped out on the sidewalk ? '' 
 `` hey , indie , '' jude said , his eyes locked on anton . 
 `` i hope you kicked each one of those bloodsuckers in the junk on your way up . '' 
 i sighed . 
 i must have been too absorbed and focused on getting up to the apartment to notice that the small crowd of people outside our apartment had cameras around their necks . 
 it seemed wherever jude ryder went , so did the photographers . 
 looked like we would n't be leaving the apartment all weekend , which , actually ... was n't such a bad deal . 
 `` i hope you are hooking up my girl tonight , because she needs some sweet , sweet lovin ' , '' india said , patting his cheek before heading down the hall . 
 `` it 's been a while since i 've seen lucy 's cute little freshly f-u-c-k-e-d face . '' 
 `` do n't worry , '' jude answered her , continuing his stare-down with anton , who did n't look the least bit threatened . 
 `` i plan on taking care of my girl . 
 all . 
 night . 
 long . '' 
 i flushed so hard i could feel it bleeding into my neck . 
 `` hi , anton . 
 nice to see you , '' i said , wrapping both hands around jude 's arm . 
 `` even for you , this is one hell of a ballsy move . '' 
 `` lucy , '' he replied with an amused smile . 
 i shot him a tight smile before tugging on jude 's arm . 
 yeah , that was n't happening . 
 `` now , if you 're done talking about our sex life with my boss ... '' i pulled again , harder this time . 
 nope . 
 one of the downsides to being with a man who could bench a school bus was feeling like the biggest wimp in the world . 
 `` i 've got a half dozen cheeseburgers with your name on them . '' 
 jude squared himself in front of anton , not taking the cheeseburger bait . 
 `` you must be anton . '' 
 how could he make a few harmless words sound like a death threat ? 
 anton looked pointedly at jude 's arm draped over me . 
 `` and you must be jude . '' 
 `` in the flesh , '' he said . 
 `` no more phones keeping us apart if you try to cuddle up to my girl again . '' 
 `` jude , '' i warned for quite possibly the millionth time in my life . 
 `` okay . 
 how do we do this ? '' 
 anton said , sliding his hands into his slacks . 
 `` i have n't been in a fight over a girl since fifth grade . 
 do we take it outside ? 
 throw down right here in the doorway ? 
 schedule an appointment ? 
 i 'm in uncharted territory here . '' 
 i would have laughed had the whole situation been so not funny . 
 where was everyone else when i needed them to help me separate these two ? 
 a peek over my shoulder revealed my answer . 
 `` oblivious '' was the name of the game back in the kitchen . 
 `` let 's get one thing straight right now . 
 we are not fighting for a girl . 
 luce is my girl . 
 she will always be my girl . '' 
 the veins were starting to bulge in jude 's neck . 
 we were two stages away from fists flying . 
 `` what we 're fighting over is the way you look at my girl . 
 the way i know you think about her . 
 the way i know you want to have her . 
 that 's what we 're fighting over . '' 
 jude straightened his back to stand a little taller . 
 he had a way of making his three-inch advantage seem like he was towering over anton . 
 `` but let 's be honest . 
 since you and i both know you do n't stand a chance in a fight against me , why do n't we just pretend i 've just kicked your ass into next year and you stop trying to weasel your way into luce 's better judgment , heart , or pants . 
 got it ? '' 
 `` i 've never been one to take the easy road , '' anton replied , as calm as if he were conducting a business meeting . 
 `` and i do n't like being told what to do , so i 'm afraid that 's a no-go , big guy . '' 
 `` anton , '' i hissed , wondering if he had a death wish . 
 from what he was saying , i would guess he did . 
 `` so how are we going to do this ? '' 
 anton repeated , taking a step forward . 
 i 'd underestimated anton . 
 i 'd figured him for more the pacifist , antiwar kind of guy . 
 i could n't have been more wrong . 
 he would n't back down from a fight any sooner than jude would . 
 anton just wore a suit to the battle . 
 `` i 'm gon na kick your ass , '' jude replied , taking his own step forward . 
 yep . 
 they were going to do this . 
 right here in the doorway . 
 `` dinner 's ready ! '' 
 holly shouted . 
 `` if you do n't want me tossing yours out the window you 'd better have your butts in your seats in three . '' 
 when the end of time was upon us , holly reed was here to save us . 
 `` later , then , '' anton said , shouldering past jude . 
 `` looking forward to it , '' jude said , glaring holes into anton 's back . 
 `` real mature , '' i said , nudging him . 
 `` i thought you said that guy did n't have a thing for you , luce . '' 
 i still had n't told jude what anton had said to me that afternoon a few weeks ago in the office . 
 no time seemed to be right for unloading that dirty little secret . 
 least of all now . 
 `` what 's your point ? '' 
 `` that douche has a serious thing for you . 
 a serious thing . '' 
 i rubbed his arm , trying to soothe him . 
 `` how do you know that ? '' 
 i asked , pretending i was n't sure if he was right . 
 `` because when he looks at you , it reminds me of the way i looked at you when we first met . '' 
 `` and how was that ? '' 
 jude grabbed my hand in his and led me to the table . 
 he sighed . 
 `` like it was all over . 
 like the girl i was looking at was the one i was going to spend my life with . '' 
 `` and you do n't look at me that way anymore ? '' 
 i teased . 
 `` i still do , but there 's a confidence behind that look now . 
 a confidence because i know you 're mine . '' 
 jude pulled my chair out for me and moved his mouth closer to my ear . 
 `` that guy looks at you with the uncertainty i did at first . 
 when i was n't sure i could ever have you , '' he said quietly . 
 `` that guy wants you , all right , but i 'm going to make damn sure he knows that he will never have you . '' 
 `` hey , tarzan , '' i said as he took his seat next to me . 
 `` tone it down a notch or ten . '' 
 he slid me a smile . 
 `` you know that 's not my style , luce . '' 
 `` then why do n't you take a cheeseburger and stuff it in your mouth before you start throwing around any more ass-kicking threats at my boss . '' 
 i motioned at the tray of burgers holly was holding out for jude . 
 `` so , lucy , '' anton said from the other end of the table-positioned so he and jude could pick up right where they 'd left off in their staring contest . 
 `` i have n't had a chance to talk with you about this yet , but i was wondering if you 'd be able to stay on in the fall once school starts . '' 
 oh , boy . 
 `` lucy 's going to be busy - '' i raised my hand , cutting jude off . 
 `` i can answer for myself , thank you very much . '' 
 jude raised his hand in surrender , clearly amused . 
 `` i 'm going to be busy '' - i shot jude a look - `` with school . 
 i really piled on the coursework my senior year , and then i 'll be going back and forth to san diego to see jude a bunch , too . '' 
 jude 's hand fell on my knee . 
 `` not as much as i 'll be coming back and forth here to see you . '' 
 `` i could work around your schedule , '' anton said as everyone else chewed their dinner in silence . 
 even lj knew something was going on . 
 `` in just three weeks ' time , you 've proven to be quite the asset at xavier industries . 
 i ca n't just let you go . '' 
 jude squeezed my knee , more out of irritation than in reassurance . 
 `` i 'll double your salary , '' anton announced before taking a big bite of his cheeseburger . 
 jude opened his mouth , but i was n't going to let this go any farther without adding my two cents . 
 `` it 's not about the money , '' i said . 
 anton arched an eyebrow . 
 `` well , it 's not totally about the money . 
 i just wo n't have the time . 
 i want to commit to the things in my life that are more important than money , '' i said , grabbing the ketchup bottle and squirting a glob onto my plate . 
 `` besides , jude 's making boatloads of money . 
 i 'm sure he can lend me a few bucks if i need it . '' 
 i peered over at jude . 
 this was a source of discomfort for me , a matter of pride , and admitting to a table of my closest friends that i 'd be willing to lean on jude for financial support made me feel very ... vulnerable . 
 in the i 'm - naked-where 's - the-nearest-palm-leaf kind of way . 
 but taking one glance at jude 's face eased the way i was feeling . 
 he did n't just look happy ; he looked relieved . 
 like i 'd just removed a heavy weight from his shoulders . 
 i did n't understand it , but i did n't need to in order to be glad i made him feel that way . 
 `` i thought you liked making your own money . 
 being independent . 
 multimillion-dollar fiance or not . '' 
 okay , anton did n't just have a death wish courtesy of jude . 
 he had a death wish compliments of lucy larson . 
 this time it was my hand that moved to jude 's leg , giving it a squeeze . 
 `` that 's right . 
 i do like making my own money , '' i said , wanting to dunk one of my fries in ketchup and sail it across the table at anton 's face . 
 `` but if jude ever needed any of it , that money would be all his . 
 and i think he feels the same way about the money he makes . '' 
 `` damn straight i do , luce . '' 
 i loved the way he was looking at me right now , like he 'd never been prouder of me . 
 i wanted nothing more than to straddle him in that chair and kiss him until we were both blue in the face . 
 but i had someone else who needed to be put in his place . 
 `` anything else ? '' 
 i said , challenging anton with my eyes . 
 `` i 've got a whole lot of ` anything else 's , '' he said , dropping his hamburger onto the plate . 
 `` i 've got so many more ` anything else 's i could go on all night . 
 but how about i start with one word that pretty much sums it up . '' 
 anton wagged his finger between jude and me . 
 `` un . 
 healthy . '' 
 jude bolted up from his seat . 
 i did n't know what route he would take to get to anton , but i was n't ruling out his flying straight across the table . 
 `` that 's enough ! '' 
 holly scrambled out of her seat , too . 
 `` my three-year-old behaves better than all of you . '' 
 she looked down at lj , who was trying to stuff a fry up his nostril . 
 `` and that 's not saying a whole lot . '' 
 she looked at anton . 
 `` behave . '' 
 then turned those crazy eyes on jude . 
 `` behave . '' 
 and then me . 
 `` behave . '' 
 taking a seat , she pulled the fry from lj 's nose . 
 `` what 's mom always telling you about using kind words , baby ? '' 
 lj sat up in his seat , quite pleased to be included in this conversation . 
 `` if you ca n't say anything nice , do n't say anything at all . '' 
 holly mussed the top of his head . 
 `` any questions ? '' 
 she asked the table . 
 nada . 
 other than a few more death glares aimed at each other , jude and anton did n't say another word to each other over dinner , although it was n't exactly a quiet dining experience . 
 between lj and india and holly trying to talk over each other while thomas tried and failed to add in his two cents , my ears were ringing by the time jude started on his third cheeseburger . 
 `` where are you putting all of that ? '' 
 i asked , done in at half of one of those burgers . 
 he shrugged as he chewed off a tennis ball-size bite . 
 `` i have a feeling i 'm going to need my energy for tonight . '' 
 ah . 
 there was that flirty foreplay i 'd missed . 
 `` good feeling . '' 
 he grinned at me as he continued to chew . 
 i still had n't adjusted to it : jude being uber-rich . 
 he had close to no table manners , lived in levi 's and a white hanes undershirt , and thought the hamptons was a seventies rock band . 
 you never could have known by looking at him that he was a millionaire . 
 and i loved that about him . 
 i hoped he 'd still be sporting hanes and levi 's in ten years . 
 `` so how was that movie you guys went to last friday ? '' 
 india asked , waving a fry at thomas and holly . 
 `` it was all right , '' thomas said . 
 holly could n't have looked more offended . 
 `` but the company was phenomenal , '' he clarified , giving her a wink . 
 `` that 's what i thought , '' she said . 
 `` did you guys make out or do anything freaky after ? '' 
 holly choked on her burger . 
 thomas went red , a rare shade of scarlet , thanks to his fair skin . 
 `` india , '' i said , `` could you be any more awkward ? '' 
 `` is that a rhetorical question ? '' 
 she asked , while jude thumped holly 's back . 
 `` yeah . 
 i suppose it is . '' 
 india blew me a kiss before returning to the grand inquisition . 
 `` well ? 
 spill , '' she said , looking between holly and thomas . 
 `` you two have so much pent-up s-e-x-u-a-l tension for one another i 've almost passed out from lack of oxygen . '' 
 `` god , india , '' i said , tossing a fry at her . 
 she dodged it , so it flew into anton 's chest . 
 i smiled . 
 even better . 
 `` no , '' holly said , covering lj 's ears . 
 `` we did n't kiss or do anything else of a freaky or kinky nature , since you just have to know . '' 
 jude covered his mouth , but it was n't keeping his laughter contained . 
 `` and just for future reference , we wo n't ever be kissing , '' she added . 
 thomas 's head whipped to the side . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he said to holly . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 so much for playing the cool guy . 
 the skin between holly 's brows creased . 
 `` because i 'm a girl , '' she said slowly , like she was confused , `` and you like boys . '' 
 thomas 's and my mouth fell open at the same moment . 
 maybe i should have been more direct with holly about thomas 's attraction to her , but i thought it 'd been obvious . 
 i had n't realized she still thought he was g * y after the first night we all had dinner . 
 judging from the hurt look on thomas 's face , i did n't think he 'd ever be the same after this blow . 
 `` you think i 'm ... i 'm ... gay ? '' 
 damn . 
 he could n't have sounded more insulted either . 
 holly 's shoulders slumped as her hands fell away from lj 's ears . 
 `` are n't you ? '' 
 `` i 've got the little man , '' jude said , standing and grabbing lj . 
 he tossed him over his shoulder , much to lj 's delight . 
 `` you want me to teach you how to throw a football ten thousand yards now ? '' 
 `` yay ! '' 
 lj replied , giggling as jude walked him down the hall before disappearing into the bedroom . 
 that man was getting laid so good tonight . 
 `` so wait . '' 
 holly shook her head . 
 `` you 're not gay ? 
 you like women ? '' 
 this was clearly rocking her worldview . 
 `` what ? 
 no ! '' 
 thomas twisted in his seat . 
 `` no , you 're not gay , or no , you do n't like women ? '' 
 holly asked . 
 `` no , i 'm not gay ! '' 
 this was the first time i 'd heard thomas raise his voice . 
 i suppose if there ever was a time for a guy to lose his cool , it was when the girl he had it bad for thought he was g * y the entire time . 
 `` whoa . '' 
 holly gave her head another shake . 
 `` this revelation is ... profound . '' 
 `` unbelievable . 
 my whole life people have assumed i was g * y because i was a dancer . 
 people judged me because i slipped into a different kind of spandex than the other guys in the locker room . '' 
 thomas shoved his seat back , stood up , and headed for the door . 
 `` i did n't think you were one of those people , too , holly . '' 
 `` thomas , '' holly called after him . 
 `` wait . '' 
 `` i do n't think so , '' he said , continuing to storm for the door . 
 `` i 'm going to find some boys to kiss . '' 
 when he slammed the door , it shook the walls . 
 `` he 's not gay ? '' 
 she said , more to herself than anything else . 
 `` did you know ? '' 
 `` he 's been my dance partner for three years , '' i replied , staring at the door . 
 `` of course i knew he was n't . '' 
 `` why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 `` because i thought you figured it out after the first night you met him , '' i said , hating the way holly was looking at me-like i 'd betrayed her . 
 `` i did think that , until we went on our date last friday , '' she said . 
 `` until he kept bringing up this guy samuel . 
 he was talking about him making breakfast that morning , and how he always leaves his wet towels on the floor , and ... '' holly 's face blanched . 
 `` oh , my god , samuel is thomas 's roommate , is n't he ? '' 
 i clucked my tongue . 
 `` bingo . '' 
 `` shit , '' she said , slamming her fist down on the table . 
 `` do you like him , hol ? '' 
 i asked , feeling like i already knew the answer . 
 she bit her lip and nodded . 
 `` a lot ? '' 
 another nod . 
 `` then what are you still doing here ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` go after him . '' 
 `` please , lucy . 
 even if he did like me before i called him gay , he 's never going to say another word to me . '' 
 `` there 's only one way to find out , '' india piped up . 
 i was surprised it had taken her this long to give her two cents . 
 she usually wanted in right away . 
 beside her , anton was staying quiet for once in his life . 
 `` you think i 've got a chance in hell that he 's still going to like me after what i just said ? '' 
 holly 's arms were flailing about-a sure sign she was about to lose it . 
 india propped her chin on her fist and gave holly a once-over . 
 `` girl . 
 i think that man would still like you if you told him to go get bent every time you saw him . 
 he 's got it bad for you . 
 bad squared . '' 
 `` lucy ? '' 
 holly said , her eyes shifting from me to the door . 
 `` he definitely likes you . 
 and i think you definitely like him , too , '' i said . 
 `` so why do n't you go after him and definitely like each other . '' 
 the corners of holly 's mouth twitched . 
 `` anyone have some lip gloss handy ? '' 
 india slid a tube out from her back pocket . 
 `` always handy , '' she said , tossing it to holly , who managed to catch it despite being in the middle of that hair-flipping/hair-teasing thing she loved to do . 
 slicking on a coat of gloss , holly headed for the door like a woman on a mission . 
 `` good luck , '' i called after her . 
 after the door slammed closed for a grand total of twice in the past two minutes , jude and lj reemerged from the bedroom , football in hand . 
 `` uncle jude taught me how to hold the football like he does , '' he announced , skipping to the table . 
 `` everything all right ? '' 
 jude asked , coming up behind me and rubbing my shoulders . 
 `` i hope so , '' i said , feeling like my eyes were about to roll into the back of my head from the magic his fingers were working on my muscles . 
 `` movie time ! '' 
 lj said , rummaging through the dvd collection . 
 `` can i be in between you and aunt luce in the fort ? '' 
 jude 's eyes locked on anton , and they narrowed . 
 `` you are the only man i 'll let come between aunt luce and me . '' 
 so much for the drama being behind us . 
 sixteen holly and lj were in their bedroom-presumably asleep , since i had n't heard a peep from there in the last ten minutes . 
 india was racked out on the couch , hopefully in a drunken stupor where the trumpets of the second coming could have blasted and she would n't have stirred . 
 poor thomas had the floor , but i 'd layered a few blankets for padding so he would n't wake up with too much of a stiff back . 
 after reappearing thirty minutes later , holly 's hand in his , both of their faces flushed and their lips swollen , thomas and holly cuddled up beside each other inside the fort and had n't spoken another word . 
 whatever was said or done had been effective . 
 thankfully , anton had taken the hint that he was n't welcome for our friday-night sleepover and had gracefully bowed out , saying he had an early morning racquetball match scheduled . 
 you can imagine the fun jude had with that little tidbit of information . 
 the apartment was , at last , quiet . 
 locking myself inside the bathroom with my purchase from earlier , i brushed my teeth . 
 twice . 
 i rubbed in a little satsuma lotion and ran a brush through my hair . 
 i inspected myself in the mirror . 
 pretty damn hot . 
 after three weeks of celibacy , jude was going to bust something when he saw me in my little number . 
 hell , after three weeks of celibacy i was about to bust something just thinking about what was waiting for me behind a pair of room dividers . 
 i took another look in the full-length mirror on the back of the bathroom door . 
 something was missing , but i could n't figure out what . 
 my bra was a sheer pale pink material . 
 so sheer you could see my n ** ples through the fabric . 
 my panties were the same color , but made of lace , and even had garters that were fitted to a pair of sheer black nylons that had seams running up the back . 
 black patent-leather heels finished the outfit . 
 if you could call this an `` outfit . '' 
 everything from the neck down was spot-on ; it was from the neck up that i needed something . 
 something that was as sweet-meets-sexy as the rest of my getup was . 
 the lightbulb went off . 
 pulling out the drawer that was overflowing with holly 's toiletries and hair goodies , i rummaged around until i found what i was looking for . 
 just as i was pulling it out , a soft knock sounded on the other side of the door . 
 `` luce ? '' 
 jude whispered . 
 my body tightened in anticipation just from his voice . 
 `` you take any longer in there and i 'm going to bust down the door and do you on the bathroom sink . '' 
 that image was appealing on so many levels . 
 `` it would n't be the first time , '' i whispered back . 
 `` just go chill . 
 i 'll be out in thirty seconds . '' 
 `` that 's thirty seconds too long , '' he said back , before i heard his footsteps padding down the hall . 
 in even more of a hurry , i wound the wide black satin scarf around my head , tying it in the perfect bow that i slid to the side . 
 innocent schoolgirl meets not-so-innocent seductress . 
 smiling at myself in the mirror , i grabbed my bathrobe and put it on before cracking the door open . 
 it was dark and quiet . 
 jude was a mere twenty feet away . 
 i did n't want to make a noise , which actually took quite a bit of focus when i had a pair of stripper heels on my feet , so that twenty feet might as well have been twenty miles . 
 tiptoeing the last few steps , i slithered in between the room dividers . 
 jude was lounging on the mattress , stripped down to his boxers . 
 his skin was even tanner , and against every physical law known to man , his muscles had grown . 
 his eyes were closed , but they snapped open the moment i slipped inside the `` room . '' 
 `` sorry i kept you waiting , '' i whispered . 
 `` me too , '' he said , tucking his arms behind his head . 
 `` my balls are so damn blue by now , they are solely responsible for creating a new shade in the blue spectrum . '' 
 i started to laugh , but caught myself . 
 the last thing i wanted was to wake one of the four sleeping bodies in this apartment , because i could not handle a serving of delayed gratification tonight . 
 if i had balls , i could guarantee mine would have been bluer than his . 
 `` let me make it up to you , '' i said , shrugging out of my robe . 
 before it had dropped to the floor , jude 's eyes had widened beyond their capacity . 
 `` consider yourself made up , '' he said , his eyes running over me . 
 i tried to ignore what was rising in his boxers , but i could n't . 
 i needed that inside me . 
 i wanted it now . 
 i crawled across the mattress to him , holding myself above him to purposely drive him a little crazy . 
 when my face was directly above his , i stopped . 
 i smiled down at him , reveling in the power i so obviously had over him . 
 `` how 's it going down there ? '' 
 i said , lowering my mouth so it was just above his . 
 so close i could taste his breath coming from his lips . 
 his hands grabbed my h * ps as his h * ps flexed up to meet mine . 
 `` it 's going to be a lot better down there when i 'm buried deep inside you . '' 
 i was n't sure if the moan that escaped me was due to his words or the continued pressing of his h * ps against mine , but i 'd place an equal bet on both . 
 fresh out of willpower , i lowered myself onto him , letting all my weight curve against him . 
 i felt his erection running from the bottom of my panties to the top of my belly button . 
 i moved up and down against his body . 
 his mouth was no longer gliding against mine ; it was sucking and nipping . 
 when i slid up him a third time , i almost came right then . 
 i was so ready it was dampening his boxers , but i did n't want to before he was inside me . 
 i lifted my h * ps to remove the temptation of friction , and tried to catch my breath . 
 tried and failed . 
 `` that 's a nice bra , luce , '' jude said , sounding about as breathless as i felt . 
 one hand left my hip and traveled up my stomach before cupping my breast . 
 his thumb and finger caught my nipple and gave it a gentle tug . 
 `` i wonder what your n ** ples taste like through it . '' 
 in one seamless move , jude 's mouth took the place of his fingers . 
 his tongue played with my nipple before he took it into his mouth . 
 he started out gentle , but that changed . 
 the harder he sucked , the closer i got to coming . 
 leaning back , i freed myself from his mouth . 
 i was n't going to come until he was moving inside me , and since it was obvious i could n't hold off much longer , i grabbed the waistband of his boxers and pulled them down . 
 `` what ? '' 
 jude whispered , grinning at me . 
 `` all done with the foreplay ? '' 
 how could he not be ? 
 i felt like i was ready to explode if i had to wait another minute , and here he was , casually relaxed and reclining , seemingly happy to grind and suck the night away . 
 `` i need you inside me , jude , '' i said , grabbing hold of him . 
 that got a reaction from him . 
 `` please . '' 
 i was just lowering my hand down him when he lifted his hips , successfully rolling me off him . 
 i was on my back and he was hovering over me before i knew how i 'd gotten there . 
 `` say that again , '' he whispered , before running his mouth down my neck . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i breathed . 
 `` beg me , '' he said , right before his teeth sank into my neck . 
 i flinched , but more from pleasure than from pain . 
 `` please , '' i said , pressing my pelvic area against him . 
 `` please , jude . '' 
 his mouth stayed on my neck , gently sucking at it . 
 his hands skimmed down my waist , continuing on past my h * ps and gliding around the front of my panties . 
 that thumb of his stopped over my cl * t and circled it . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i sighed , flexing against his touch . 
 `` please , baby . 
 do me . '' 
 his thumb came to a stop , right before he tore the lace away . 
 `` with pleasure , '' he said , right before he thrust into me . 
 i practically screamed in relief before jude 's hand covered my mouth . 
 `` shhh , '' he whispered , his voice gravelly as he moved deeper inside me . 
 `` i 'm going to make you come hard , luce , but i need you to be quiet so we do n't wake the whole house . '' 
 he slid out , and i wanted to cry . 
 `` can you be quiet ? '' 
 he asked , waiting . 
 `` when was the last time i was able to be quiet ? '' 
 i said , trying to get him back inside . 
 but he was n't having it . 
 he was n't going to enter me again until i agreed . 
 `` i 'll be quiet , '' i said , as quickly as i 'd ever said three words . 
 `` good , '' he said , just barely entering me , `` but just in case ... '' grabbing the satin scarf i had tied in my hair , he slid it down over my face until it was covering my mouth . 
 that , with the smallest amount of him inside me , almost caused me to come yet again . 
 his mouth found my other nipple this time , and right as he took it deep inside , his h * ps flexed and he thrust even deeper inside me . 
 i almost screamed out again , but my promise fresh on my mind , along with the scarf covering my mouth , served to keep it contained . 
 his pace picked up until he was breathing as heavily as i was . 
 i was proud of myself that i 'd managed to hold my orgasm off , but when his mouth moved from my breast to just outside my ear and he started whispering words , i started to spiral out of control . 
 `` that 's right , baby . 
 that 's right , '' he breathed , not only moving faster , but harder now . 
 `` i want to feel you come , luce . '' 
 my body lost all control , and i was powerless to hold it back any longer . 
 i felt all my muscles tighten around him as he sank inside me one last time , finding his own release . 
 my moans started seeping around the scarf , growing so loud jude had to cover my mouth with his hand . 
 jude 's body trembled over mine , while mine was shaking more violently . 
 a sheen of sweat covered his face when he lifted it above mine . 
 even though he was breathing rapidly , he was still able to smile . 
 he untied the scarf covering my mouth right before his lips took its place . 
 the way he kissed me , with such patience and tenderness , did n't help calm my shaking body . 
 `` marry me , '' he said in the space between our mouths . 
 thanks to the ecstasy i was still swimming in , this question did n't put me on edge like it normally did . 
 `` soon , '' i answered him . 
 he ran his fingers through my hair and gave me one last kiss . 
 `` i 'll take that , '' he said , gathering me in his arms as he got comfortable . 
 `` that 's an improvement over ` someday . ' '' 
 i did n't know if soon meant tomorrow , or next month , or next year , but ... `` damn , you two . 
 that was freakin ' hot . '' 
 jude and i tensed at the same time . 
 `` how 's a girl supposed to get to sleep after that ? '' 
 india continued . 
 i would have been embarrassed if i was n't still in my postsex stupor . 
 `` sweet dreams once you do , '' i replied . 
 jude chuckled into the back of my neck , and , with his arms around me , i was asleep before i even knew i was falling . 
 seventeen i 'd blinked my eyes and when i 'd next opened them , summer had passed me by . 
 it was the first day of class my senior year . 
 between working forty-plus hours a week , watching lj another forty hours a week , taking a couple more flights to visit jude , hosting friday-night dinner and movie nights , and trying to squeeze in a couple precious hours of dance every morning , i felt like i had a severe case of mono . 
 after that friday night featuring fireworks by jude and anton , anton showed up only when jude was in san diego . 
 it was a smart move . 
 overall , anton was a good guy , and when he followed my rule and did n't bring jude up , we managed to get along most days . 
 thanks to the job he 'd given me , i 'd been able to build a decent rainy-day fund , and we 'd even figured out a way for me to sneak in a few hours during the school year . 
 jude was n't thrilled with the idea , but he knew better than to push me on the issue . 
 anton was my boss , my good friend 's brother , a friendly acquaintance . 
 nothing more . 
 after some creative schedule juggling , i was still able to help holly out with lj , and thomas was able to fill in on wednesdays , when i had a night class . 
 thomas and holly had been an item , a hot item , since that night they figured out thomas was indeed straight , and were ready to admit they were attached to each other . 
 thomas had become a permanent fixture at the apartment . 
 i was about to invite him to move in , but was worried about the problems that would arise from sharing one bathroom among four people who each liked to take long showers . 
 my last class of the day had finished early , and since i had some time before i had to be back to watch lj , i headed to the dance studio in white plains . 
 i had n't gotten in near as much dance time as i 'd wanted to this summer . 
 what with the circus my life had become , it seemed that somewhere along the way , my priorities had started to shift . 
 not necessarily change , but realign . 
 i was starting to get a better grasp on the concept that the world does n't revolve around lucy larson . 
 a concept i was still trying to work out in my mind . 
 the studio was empty , and i took a moment to enjoy it . 
 moments of quiet and alone time were so rare now , i savored them . 
 it was ironic how a few months back , all i 'd felt was lonely , and now i craved a few minutes of lonely . 
 i tied on my pointes and took my time stretching . 
 i was in the middle of a quad stretch when my stomach turned . 
 followed by a clench and a rumble . 
 i grabbed my stomach , hoping it would pass . 
 when the whole turn , clench , and rumble repeated itself , i hurried off the stage and headed for the backstage bathroom . 
 i had n't thrown up in years , but i do n't think a person ever forgets the queasy way she feels before she throws up . 
 that was an unpleasant series of events that was forever branded into my mind . 
 i could taste the bile crawling up my throat as i raced inside the bathroom . 
 there was n't a second to spare before my stomach tightened one last time as i heaved into the toilet . 
 i coughed and hovered there , just in case . 
 after a minute had passed and i was fairly certain there would n't be any aftershocks , i flushed before heading to the sink to turn the faucet on . 
 i rinsed my mouth and doused my face with cold water . 
 i was already feeling better by the time i dried my face , but i was n't going to chance it . 
 if i was catching something i wanted to nip it in the bud before it got worse . 
 i exchanged my pointes for my flats , slipped my sweater over my cami , and headed back to the mazda . 
 i was going to be watching lj all night , and was hoping to take a quick nap before i started going sixty miles per hour until bedtime . 
 as i climbed the stairs to the apartment , that stomach-churning feeling was returning . 
 by the time i was unlocking the door , it had returned with a vengeance . 
 after another sprint to the bathroom , i barely made it in time to throw up for the second time in an hour . 
 thankfully i 'd skipped lunch , or else this would have been an even more unpleasant ordeal . 
 `` lucy ? '' 
 holly knocked on the door , sounding concerned . 
 `` you okay in there ? '' 
 i groaned as my stomach churned again . 
 this time it had mercy on me . 
 `` i 'm okay if you consider dying okay , '' i said , wondering why the sink felt so far away . 
 the door opened and holly slipped inside . 
 `` where 's lj ? '' 
 i asked , not wanting the little man to witness this . 
 the kid would never be the same . 
 `` passed out under the table , '' she said , looking concerned . 
 `` you got sick ? '' 
 `` what gave that away ? '' 
 i said , glad i 'd just cleaned the toilet yesterday , since my cheek was resting on the seat . 
 she glanced at the toilet , her nose wrinkled . 
 `` oh , shoot . 
 sorry , '' i said , flushing . 
 holly grabbed a washcloth and ran some water over it . 
 she knelt beside me and wrapped it around my neck . 
 it was cool and made me feel better right away . 
 `` i must have eaten something bad , '' i guessed . 
 my stomach was seriously pissed at me and revolting . 
 `` you had kashi cereal for dinner last night and your standard apple for breakfast , '' she said , pulling my hair back and braiding it . 
 `` i do n't think it 's anything you ate . '' 
 `` then it must be some kind of flu bug , '' i said , starting to feel better . 
 for how long , i was n't sure . 
 `` it 's early september , lucy . 
 this is n't flu season . '' 
 she wrapped a tie around the end of my hair before sliding the braid under my sweater . 
 `` then i must be one of the fortunate few who catches that rare summertime bug , '' i said , not wanting to talk about why i was sick , but rather how i could get better . 
 fast . 
 holly sighed and scooted around until she was looking at me . 
 `` when was the last time you had your period ? '' 
 i was startled at first by her question , which was as abrupt as it was random . 
 two seconds later i understood what she was getting at . 
 `` you think i could be pregnant ? '' 
 now , in addition to feeling sick to my stomach , i felt a little faint , too . 
 `` well , it 's not like you 're exactly abstinent , lucy , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm on the pill , '' i replied , feeling like i was trying to convince her as much as i was myself . 
 i 'd missed a pill here and there , but was usually so careful . 
 `` yeah , but did you miss the part where it says the pill is only ninety-nine percent effective in preventing pregnancy ? '' 
 her voice was as soft as holly 's had ever been . 
 she was n't saying this to upset me , but upset was just the way i felt . 
 `` but sometimes we use a condom , too . '' 
 though not often . 
 `` so that means sometimes you do n't , '' she said , grabbing my hand . 
 `` i 'm not a doctor , but i 'm pretty sure ` sometimes ' is n't a guarantee that you wo n't get knocked up . '' 
 i was starting to panic now . 
 i was breaking out in a clammy sweat , and my hands were trembling , because i knew what holly was saying could be a possibility . 
 i was on the pill , and we used a condom during the times i was supposed to be at my most prime for getting pregnant , but she was right : i was n't abstinent , so i could n't rule pregnancy out 100 percent , given the way i was feeling today . 
 as much as i wanted to . 
 `` when was your last period ? '' 
 she asked again . 
 i could n't think . 
 i could barely breathe , so it took me a while to answer her . 
 `` um ... a couple of months ago . 
 i think . '' 
 this was n't happening . 
 it could n't be . 
 `` but i do n't get my period every month . 
 it 's irregular . '' 
 it was a common thing for dancers to have sporadic periods , or even for them to stop completely . 
 the lifestyle , paired with the low body fat , really messed with our cycles . 
 `` yeah , but you still get your period , so you could be pregnant . '' 
 holly scooted toward the sink and pulled out one of the drawers . 
 shuffling inside it , she pulled out a pink-and-white cardboard box . 
 `` there 's only one way to know for sure . '' 
 this whole thing got even more surreal as holly waved the pregnancy kit in front of me . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i do n't think i can do it . '' 
 one part of me already knew holly was probably right , and i was n't ready for that to be confirmed . 
 i was n't ready to think of how my life would change in a total and forever kind of way . 
 she opened the box and pulled out a white stick . 
 `` i 'll help you . '' 
 i do n't know how long i stared at that white stick , but holly had to help me up , because i was n't capable of moving . 
 after telling me what to do , she waited with me while i peed on the test . 
 a test that felt like it was holding my whole life in the balance . 
 like all my dreams , and hopes , and my future rested on the outcome of one or two pink lines . 
 after capping it , holly set it down on the sink . 
 `` we have to wait two minutes . '' 
 two minutes might as well have been two decades . 
 i wanted to sneak a peek just as much as i did n't . 
 holly hugged me the whole time , rubbing the back of my neck and patting my back . 
 it was moments like these when you were most thankful for your friends , because there was no way i could have made it through this without her . 
 `` okay , i think it 's time , '' she said , giving my braid one gentle tug . 
 `` just tell me , '' i said , closing my eyes . 
 `` i ca n't look . '' 
 `` all right , lucy , '' she said . 
 i heard her pick the stick up from the counter . 
 she barely gasped , but it went off like a foghorn in my ears . 
 `` lucy ... you 're ... '' i opened my eyes at the last minute . 
 two pink lines . 
 `` pregnant . '' 
 and then i passed out . 
 the voices around me sounded like they were coming through a tunnel . 
 they were all echoes . 
 i wanted to open my eyes , but i could n't . 
 not because they felt heavy , but more because they felt like they 'd been taped closed . 
 i wanted to escape the darkness , but i could n't . 
 and then i heard a name . 
 that was all i needed to kick through the darkness . 
 `` we 've got to call jude , '' a familiar male voice said . 
 `` yeah . 
 yeah , okay . 
 i 'll get my phone . '' 
 this was the final push i needed to open my eyes . 
 `` no , '' i said , my voice breaking . 
 `` do n't call him . 
 i 'm all right . '' 
 i was laid out on the couch , and my head was propped up by a couple of pillows . 
 holly and thomas hovered above me , looking down at me like you 'd imagine someone would look at a corpse . 
 `` when did you get here , thomas ? '' 
 i tried sitting up , but my body was n't having any of it . 
 `` just a couple of minutes ago . 
 i was planning on walking holly to work , '' he said , kneeling in front of me . 
 `` but it 's a good thing i was early and i 'm used to carrying you around , or else you 'd be waking up on the cold bathroom floor right about now . '' 
 a small smile formed , but it did n't touch his eyes . 
 `` do you know ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 i could n't say the word . 
 i would n't even let myself think it , but i could feel the word winding its way through my mind . 
 that was all i saw when i thought about my future . 
 `` yeah , lucy , '' he said , grabbing my hand . 
 `` i know . 
 holly did n't say anything , but it was kind of hard to ignore the positive pregnancy test on the sink . '' 
 i bit my lip , hard , hoping it would keep the tears contained . 
 my tried-and-true method was failing me . 
 holly knelt next to thomas . 
 her eyes were as red as i guessed mine were . 
 she held her phone up . 
 jude 's number was on the screen , along with his picture . 
 `` you need to call jude . 
 he needs to know what 's going on so he can be here with you . '' 
 `` no , '' i said , shaking my head . 
 `` not right now . '' 
 `` yes . 
 yes , right now , '' holly said , holding the phone out to me . 
 `` listen , lucy , i know you 're scared as shit and confused as all hell , but jude will help you get through this . 
 you need him to help you get through this . 
 and i know from personal experience that jude is a good person to lean on in this kind of a situation . '' 
 `` what kind of a situation is this ? '' 
 i said , twisting onto my side so i could look at her straight on . 
 `` the unplanned-pregnancy situation ? 
 or the i 'm - only-twenty-one situation ? 
 maybe the i 'm - not-married situation ? 
 and let 's not forget the my-future-is-ruined situation . '' 
 i 'd been at a loss for words pre-passing out , but now i could n't seem to say enough . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 lj stuck his head out of the bedroom . 
 `` can i come out yet ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 thomas and holly answered at the same time . 
 `` i 'll go hang with the little man , '' thomas said , giving my hand a squeeze before pressing a quick kiss to holly 's lips . 
 `` you girls do n't need me here to offer my nonwisdom anyways . '' 
 `` aunt luce ? 
 are you all right ? '' 
 lj 's sweet little face was creased with concern . 
 the answer to that was one i could n't give a three-year-old , so i lied . 
 `` yeah , lj . 
 i 'm fine , buddy . '' 
 `` oh . 
 lucy ? '' 
 thomas stopped abruptly and snapped his fingers . 
 `` for what it 's worth , i think you 'd be one hell of a mom . '' 
 that same small smile appeared again , but this time it reflected in his eyes as well . 
 before i could reply , he was ducking inside the bedroom to occupy lj while holly and i discussed whatever she was planning on discussing . 
 the thing was , i was n't in a talking mood . 
 i needed to process . 
 i needed to think . 
 and then maybe we could discuss . 
 `` what 's going on up there , lucy larson ? '' 
 holly asked , tapping my head . 
 `` a whole lotta everything and a whole lotta nothing , '' i said , wondering whether , if i fell back to sleep , i could wake up and discover this was all one huge nightmare . 
 holly sighed and plopped down on the floor next to the couch . 
 `` what are you going to do ? '' 
 i could n't think about that right now . 
 i did n't want to think about it ever . 
 but i knew i 'd have to not only face that question , but answer it . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` and when are you going to tell jude ? '' 
 she started stroking the top of my head in a way that my mom used to when i was little and scared of the monsters i was convinced were lurking beneath my bed . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 holly exhaled . 
 `` how do you feel ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 i was seeing a trend developing . 
 i knew a whole lot of nothing . 
 all i knew was that i felt confused and scared and lost . 
 `` i know this is coming at you fast , lucy , and i can see how terrified you are right now , but you 're strong . 
 you 're stronger than i am , and i know this probably wo n't comfort you , and maybe i 'm all kinds of stupid for even saying it , but if i can raise a child , i know you can , too . 
 you 've got jude , and your family and friends , and - '' `` and no future , '' i interrupted , seeing all those chapters i 'd yet to experience in life go up in flames . 
 how could i dance when i had a big round belly ? 
 how could i dance and travel the world with a baby on my hip ? 
 what had i worked my ass off for if , one year before i was set to graduate from a prestigious dance school , i wound up knocked up ? 
 `` how can you say you 've got no future ? '' 
 holly said , looking insulted . 
 `` you 've got the kind of future most people dream of . '' 
 `` a future most people used to dream about . '' 
 `` wait . 
 are you saying that because you 're going to have a baby , your entire life is ruined ? '' 
 it felt like that was what i was saying , but i was just too damned confused to be sure . 
 `` because , yeah , a baby 's going to change things , but it 's not going to end your life . '' 
 i was n't sure i believed her . 
 `` i love that you 're here for me and are trying to make me feel better , holly . 
 i really do . 
 but i kind of just need some time to be alone and sort some shit out , '' i said . 
 `` okay ? '' 
 she looked like she wanted to argue with me but managed to hold herself back . 
 `` i 'll have thomas take lj tonight so you can have some peace and quiet , '' she said . 
 `` and then tomorrow you and i are going to find a doctor and make an appointment , because we do n't know if you 're four weeks along or four months along . '' 
 i about fainted again , thinking i could be four months pregnant . 
 surely life would n't be that cruel . 
 i needed as much time as possible to wrap my mind around this grenade that had just gone off in my life , and five and a half months just was n't going to cut it . 
 `` and after that , we 'll figure out a way to break the news to jude and - '' `` holly . '' 
 i grabbed her arm . 
 `` too much , too fast . 
 i need some breathing room . '' 
 `` you 're right , '' she said , raising her hands . 
 `` i 'm just going to give you one giant hug '' - she wrapped her arms around me and gave me one ginormous hug - `` and then i 'll round up the boys and we 'll be out of here . '' 
 `` thanks , holly , '' i said , curling deeper into the couch . 
 `` for everything . '' 
 `` you know , lucy , for what it 's worth , i 'm on the same page as thomas , '' she said , heading down the hallway . 
 `` i know you 'll be an awesome mom . '' 
 i tried to return her smile , but i could n't do it . 
 all i could think about was shattered dreams . 
 all i could see was jude 's shocked face when i told him i was pregnant . 
 i was sobbing silently into my pillow before the door had closed behind holly , thomas , and lj . 
 i 'd lived on saltines and lemon-lime soda for a week . 
 my stomach was either unable or unwilling to keep anything else down . 
 those were the first things i asked for when i boarded the plane sunday morning , and the flight attendant had given me a knowing smile , told me , `` it gets better , '' and kept the crackers coming . 
 i 'd made it through the entire flight having to take only one lavatory vomit break , and thankfully the driver who 'd met me at the airport to drive me to qualcomm stadium kept a paper bag in the backseat for emergency purposes . 
 i 'd had an emergency . 
 it was jude 's first game of the season , and back when he 'd purchased the ticket for me , he 'd wanted to make it for the entire weekend . 
 but i thought i 'd be dancing lead in a school production saturday night , and i had class monday morning , so i was doing a round trip from new york to san diego and back in one day . 
 i had n't danced lead last night . 
 i had n't even gone and cheered on the girl who 'd been my understudy . 
 i was in something of a `` delicate '' state . 
 after setting an appointment for me , driving me there , and basically pushing me into the waiting room , holly made sure i saw an ob-gyn on thursday . 
 after some poking , prodding , and a quick ultrasound , she was able to determine how far along i was . 
 almost four months to the day . 
 just when i thought i did n't have any more tears left inside me , that day in the examination room i proved myself wrong . 
 i still had n't said anything to jude . 
 in fact , i 'd been trying to avoid his calls all week . 
 i just did n't trust that if he got me on the phone for very long , he would n't be able to figure out what was the matter with me . 
 so we texted a lot , and the timing worked out well , because he was crazy-busy getting ready for his first big game . 
 that was how i 'd convinced holly to keep her mouth shut when we left my appointment on thursday . 
 she insisted jude needed to know . 
 like , now . 
 she said he 'd need just as much time as i would to get used to the idea of being parents in less than six months . 
 that had , of course , started a whole new batch of tears . 
 i blamed my emotions on the hormones , but i knew they played only a very small role . 
 i told holly i could n't tell jude a couple of days before he was playing his first game as starting quarterback in the nfl that i was pregnant . 
 talk about messing with a guy 's game . 
 holly had seen the reason in that , but insisted i tell him the week after , or she threatened she would tell him herself . 
 i 'd bought time , but not much . 
 while i did n't want to mess with jude 's head right before the game , it was more a matter of not knowing what i 'd say to him . 
 a girl just did n't discover she was pregnant at twenty-one and get used to the idea in a few days ' time . 
 i 'd gone through about every stage of coping : fear , anger , depression , uncertainty , and everything in between . 
 occasionally i 'd have a twinge of excitement-i was having jude 's baby , after all-but then i 'd have a reality check . 
 i 'd gone on an emotional roller-coaster ride in one week 's time , and i was exhausted . 
 i was so tired , i passed out the second half of the ride to the stadium . 
 the driver had to wake me up and remind me where i was . 
 it was official . 
 i was a wreck . 
 as i was making my way through the gates , i got a text from jude . 
 are you here yet ? 
 following the usher to wherever they stuffed the wives and girlfriends of the players , i texted him back . 
 just got here . 
 u nervous ? 
 i smiled when i got his reply . 
 not anymore . 
 following the usher into an elevator , i punched in my reply . 
 so proud of you , babe . 
 kick some ass out there . 
 his response came instantly . 
 right back at you . 
 will do . 
 love ya , jude . 
 love ya , luce . 
 i did n't know how he had time to be texting when the game was set to start in a few minutes , but i 'd known from the beginning that jude did what jude wanted to . 
 it felt good to have a smile on my face . 
 a real one . 
 it might not have won any blue ribbons for biggest or best , but it was a genuine one . 
 that smile ran away the moment the usher walked me into a big room lined with windows . 
 the football field seemed like it was a mile below us . 
 had i mistaken a nightclub for a football stadium ? 
 most of the same women i 'd been hanging with on and off all summer , and a few new faces , were milling about the room , drinking their champagne or sparkling water , wearing dresses and heels . 
 they had on their fancy jewelry and their evening makeup . 
 i was sporting my standard-issue game-day gear : black leggings , riding boots , and a jersey with jude 's name and number on the back . 
 i looked like a country bumpkin in comparison to these rodeo drive glamazons . 
 after the initial glances over , no one noticed me as i walked across the room . 
 well , they noticed me , but they tried to keep the curled noses and what the hell ? 
 faces to themselves . 
 all i wanted to do was watch a football game , cheer jude on , and forget about my life for a couple hours . 
 i wanted to fade into the crowd . 
 fading was n't in the cards when you showed up looking like you were headed to a slumber party when everyone else was heading to a miss january party at the playboy mansion . 
 i grabbed a bottle of water from the end of the table that was lined with food and drinks , and beelined to the end chair in the corner . 
 i made myself forget about the room and everyone in it and focused on the game . 
 i picked out jude immediately . 
 it was funny how he finally blended in more with the players . 
 in high school , he 'd looked like a hybrid giant on the field . 
 in college , he 'd still had a few inches and a good twenty pounds on a lot of the players , but now , out there with the best in the nation , he was about par for the course . 
 i almost stood up and started cheering my head off , but caught myself . 
 no one in here was cheering . 
 no one was even watching . 
 sure , kickoff had n't happened yet , but a survey of the stands proved that people were hooting and hollering , because that was just what you did at a football game-from the time you entered the stadium till the time you left it . 
 i knew we were supposed to have the nicest seats in the house up here , but i was jealous of even the fans in the nosebleed section . 
 i 'd have to talk with jude and see if he could score me some tickets out in the stands . 
 i missed my front-and-center seat , where i could scream his name and pretend that he heard me . 
 i missed seeing his ass in spandex from up close , and i knew i 'd miss our post-touchdown kiss even more . 
 a minute or so before kickoff , the door burst open and a familiar face waltzed in . 
 `` what 's up , bitches ? '' 
 sybill said , filling the room with her voice and energy . 
 i was able to release the breath i 'd been holding for i did n't know how long . 
 greeting a few of the girls as she headed to the food table , she stopped when she saw me . 
 i waved . 
 `` what the hell are you doing stuffed in the corner , lucy ? '' 
 she said , snatching a cola from the table as she crossed the room toward me . 
 another smile , a real one , blossomed when i checked out her wardrobe : jeans , sneakers , and a jersey . 
 `` these bitches put you in a time-out for your fashion offenses ? '' 
 she winked as she took a seat next to me . 
 `` i mean , come on . 
 what are you thinking , showing up to a football game without your saturday-night streetwalking finest ? '' 
 was that a laugh i just heard ? 
 coming from me ? 
 could n't be . 
 i had n't been in a laughing mood all week . 
 `` yeah . 
 my bad . 
 i think next time i 'll be banished to the stands with the rest of the fashion-impaired . '' 
 that sounded like even a bit of wit . 
 was the lucy larson snarkiness making a comeback ? 
 i wanted to get up and dance . 
 and then i remembered i had to take it easy . 
 because i was pregnant . 
 doctor 's orders . 
 a smile and the snark had never disappeared so quickly . 
 i swore i could feel my belly growing whenever i remembered there was something inside there . 
 `` are you excited ? '' 
 sybill asked , nudging me as she cracked open her cola . 
 `` yeah . 
 excited , nervous , you name it , '' i said . 
 `` yeah , it 's always us who worry our heads off . 
 the guys are cool as cucumbers out there , '' she said . 
 `` but do n't worry . 
 i watched jude 's warm-up , and that boy is primed and ready to get us to one and zero tonight . '' 
 `` you got to watch him warm up ? '' 
 `` the kids and me always show up an hour before the game to watch the players get ready . '' 
 `` you brought the kids ? '' 
 i turned in my seat , looking for a handful of munchkins . 
 `` where are they ? '' 
 `` god willing , they 're still in their seats listening to my mama , '' she said . 
 `` but they 're most likely about to jump down on the field and ask their dad to sing them ` we are the champions . ' '' 
 she took another sip of her soda . 
 `` not that that happened last season ... '' `` wait '' - i grabbed her arm - `` you sit down in the stands ? '' 
 `` front row , baby , '' she said proudly . 
 `` by choice ? '' 
 `` mostly . 
 but it would be so damn funny to see the look on these broads ' faces if i ever dragged my four little twerps up here , i might just give it a go for fun , '' she said , glancing at a few of the girls and shaking her head . 
 `` this is all a little too emerald city for me , you know ? 
 i 'm more a jeans-and-hot-dog kind of girl . '' 
 `` sybill , i know this might seem forward , given that i 've met you all of a handful of times in my life , but i love you , '' i confessed . 
 `` would you mind if i sat with you at future games ? '' 
 `` i 'd love a little company that is n't my mama or a spawn of mine . '' 
 `` sweet . 
 i 'll talk to jude about scoring me some tickets with you , because i do n't think i can handle this barbie brigade for the rest of the season . '' 
 `` i 'm sure he wo n't have a problem getting you a ticket . 
 deon started me out up here , too . '' 
 she laughed , looking lost in a memory . 
 `` lord knows i love that man , but sometimes he 's just too damn overprotective . '' 
 `` i know the feeling . '' 
 `` jude said you 've been real busy this week , being back to school and all . 
 how have you been holding up ? '' 
 the waterworks were twisting on . 
 that one question could reduce me to a near blubbering mess was further evidence that i was an emotional , hormonal wreck . 
 `` not bad , '' i said , looking away . 
 `` but not so great either , eh ? '' 
 sybill asked . 
 i 'd gone from being happy at seeing her to wishing she 'd leave in the span of a couple questions . 
 `` not so great , either , '' i admitted . 
 `` so ... '' she twisted in her seat to face me . 
 her eyes dropped to my stomach . 
 `` how far along are you , sweetie ? '' 
 i was n't sure if my mouth or my tears dropped first . 
 `` it 's all right , baby , '' she said , reaching for my hand . 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 i asked , peering around the room . 
 no one was paying us any attention . 
 i doubted they 'd pay us any attention if i got nak * d and started doing jumping jacks . 
 `` i 've been pregnant so many times in my life , lucy , i can tell when a woman 's pregnant before she can . '' 
 i stared at my stomach . 
 i was n't showing . 
 yet . 
 but i would be soon . 
 the doctor had said i could expect a bump to start popping through in the next month . 
 even if i wanted to , i would n't be able to keep it a secret any longer . 
 `` so ? '' 
 she asked when i stayed quiet . 
 `` i 'm almost four months , '' i said , feeling lighter just having admitted it to someone . 
 `` and i take it that since jude was n't bragging and going on about this precious little baby earlier , he does n't know yet ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` does that make me a horrible person ? '' 
 `` oh , lucy , of course it does n't , sweetie . '' 
 sybill draped her arm around my shoulders and tucked my head beneath her chin . 
 she could n't have been more than ten years older than me , but the gesture was so nurturing , it was clear she 'd been a mom for a while . 
 `` it makes you a scared person . 
 a worried person . 
 but not a horrible one . 
 not even close . '' 
 `` then why do i feel like a horrible person ? '' 
 i said , choking on a sob . 
 `` do you feel that way because you 're pregnant or because you have n't told jude yet ? '' 
 she continued to hold me close and would n't let me pull away . 
 i stopped trying . 
 `` both , '' i admitted . 
 `` can i ask why you have n't told jude yet ? '' 
 `` i do n't really know , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm scared to tell him , i guess . 
 i 'm scared of what his reaction will be . 
 i 'm scared that his feelings might change . 
 i 'm scared that he might not be ready to be a dad yet . 
 i 'm scared he wo n't want some fat college dropout when he 's ... '' i waved down at the field , where kickoff was getting under way . 
 `` everything he is . '' 
 sybill sighed while i shed a few tears . 
 when we should have been on our feet cheering , we were curled around each other , one trying to hold the other together . 
 `` i know what it 's like to be scared , lucy . 
 god knows i know , '' she said , watching the field with me . 
 `` i 'm going to tell you a story . 
 it 's no fairy tale , but it has a happy ending . 
 and i 'm something of an expert on it , since it 's my story . '' 
 she paused and took a sip of her soda . 
 `` deon and i met when we were in college . 
 lord , i loved that man the moment i saw him , but ... he did n't exactly see me . 
 not at first , anyways , '' she said , laughing to herself . 
 `` one night we were both at the same party and , thanks to my cousin lending me a teeny little dress and showing me what mascara was , deon and i wound up dancing . 
 after a few dances , we were kissing . 
 and after what felt like a few hours of kissing , we were losing clothes and looking for an empty bedroom . 
 we had sex that night . 
 it was my first time , and i was kind of horrified the next morning that it had been with some guy i barely knew during a drunken , wild party . '' 
 she was right : this definitely was n't sounding like a fairy tale , but i loved it . 
 i loved her story . 
 i loved the way her voice was all soft when she told it . 
 `` i made it my mission to avoid deon at all costs after i woke up that morning . 
 and it worked . 
 for all of a day . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` that boy went on a crusade asking anyone in passing if they knew the girl he 'd been with the night before . 
 of course , very few in his inner circle did , because i was a loser to their elite status . 
 he 'd surreptitiously `` run into '' my cousin at the cafeteria that night , and she gave him my phone number , what dorm i lived in , my birthday . 
 hell , practically everything but my social security number . 
 so he shows up at my door , flowers in hand , with those huge puppy-dog eyes of his , begging me to let him take me out on a date . 
 a real date . '' 
 i was starting to smile at this point . 
 god , this story was different from , yet the same as , mine and jude 's . 
 `` so we went out on that first date , and a second and a third . 
 we started spending every free minute we had together . 
 it was something i knew was special , something i knew was meant to last forever . 
 two months later deon got drafted . 
 we were ecstatic , and he proposed to me that same day . 
 i was living every girl 's dream , as far as i was concerned , and then i found out i was pregnant . '' 
 yep . 
 this was very similar to jude 's and my story . 
 so much so that i almost pinched myself to make sure i was n't dreaming . 
 `` i was sure deon was going to leave me . 
 why would he want to be strapped to a quirky pregnant girl when he 'd just signed a huge nfl contract ? 
 i did n't tell him at first . 
 i did n't want the fairy tale to end . 
 i did n't tell him until i started to show . 
 i remember being so scared i almost passed out . '' 
 a few more tears leaked out of my eyes . 
 `` i told him the night after his first game . 
 i even had a good-bye all ready to go . 
 and you know what he said right after i told him ? 
 what the first words out of his mouth were when i told him his nineteen-year-old girlfriend he 'd been with for five months was pregnant ? '' 
 sybill must have started crying along the way , too , because i felt a tear land on my forehead . 
 `` he said , ' i always wanted a big family . 
 i guess it 's a good thing we got started early . ' '' 
 she shook her head and laughed . 
 `` then he told me he loved me and we got married a whole month later . 
 and , ten years and four kids later , the rest is history , '' she said , sweeping her hand down at the field . 
 `` did you have to drop out of school ? '' 
 i asked , realizing sybill was the best possible person i could turn to for advice . 
 `` i dropped out of school because i wanted to be with deon and spend time with the baby . 
 but i was able to take online courses and managed to get my degree along the way . '' 
 `` do you ever regret it ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` getting pregnant ? 
 dropping out ? 
 giving up on your dreams ? '' 
 `` not one single day , '' she said . 
 `` i 've never regretted any of it . 
 i do n't live with regret , lucy . 
 it 's poison . 
 did i mourn for certain things i felt i missed out on ? 
 hell yes , i did . 
 but if i stacked up everything i feel i missed out on and compared it to everything i gained along the way , there 's a teeny-tiny pile of what-could-have-been standing in the shadow of a never-ending tower of what-has-beens . '' 
 i was no longer crying an occasional tear . 
 i was a sobbing , hot mess . 
 `` yes , i 've missed out on things . 
 but that 's life , lucy . 
 it 's what i have n't missed out on that counts in my book . 
 when i look at my family 's faces , i know i would n't change a damn thing if i had the choice . '' 
 `` so you 're saying i should keep the baby , tell jude , and we should raise it together ? '' 
 i asked in between sobs . 
 i was n't sure if anyone had noticed the bawling girl in the corner , and i would n't have cared at this point . 
 `` no , i 'm not saying that . 
 you 're the only one who can make those decisions , '' she said , `` but i know when you 're ready to make them , you 'll make the right decisions for you . '' 
 i did n't know who or which divine entity had brought sybill up to the skybox tonight , but i was thanking whatever it was . 
 i felt about a million times better and a thousand pounds lighter . 
 i did n't have the answers yet , but i was n't terrified of them anymore . 
 `` thank you , sybill , '' i said , wiping my eyes with the back of my arm . 
 `` i mentioned i loved you earlier , right ? '' 
 `` you 're welcome , baby girl , '' she said , giving my shoulders one more squeeze before rising . 
 `` and i 'm sending a whole lot of love right back at you . 
 now i really got to get to my mama before she has a nervous breakdown , but if you ever want to talk , just give me a ring , okay ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` you good ? '' 
 she said , looking around the room . 
 the game had started , and still no one was watching . 
 the mercy was that no one was watching me either . 
 `` yeah , i 'm good . '' 
 for the first time this week , it was the only time i 'd answered this question without lying . 
 `` i expect to see you down with us at the next game . 
 you got it ? '' 
 she said , grabbing another cola as she headed for the door . 
 `` i need all the help i can get . '' 
 `` i 'll be there , '' i said , `` and i 'm pretty darn good with kiddos . '' 
 sybill gave me a knowing smile . 
 `` i can picture that , lucy larson . 
 i can picture that . '' 
 she flashed a wave before heading out . 
 everyone was still busy talking about whatever was so important that they could n't interrupt themselves to watch the football game , and , while they were all clustered around the food table , no one was eating anything . 
 my stomach rumbled . 
 crackers and soda were not an especially filling diet . 
 for the first time this week , i had a craving when my eyes landed on the fruit bowl . 
 i knew i might regret it , but i wanted an apple . 
 popping up , i weaved through a few bodies to get to my coveted apple . 
 i made my way back to my seat just as jude was taking the field . 
 i forgot about the apple . 
 i forgot about everything but him crouching into position . 
 it did n't seem possible that four years ago he 'd been a reluctant walk-on high school player , and here he was , about to make his first play in the big league . 
 i reminded myself to breathe . 
 the center hiked ; jude caught it effortlessly and stalled for a couple seconds , giving his receivers time to get into position . 
 his arm snapped back and when he released that ball , i started shouting . 
 cheering my head off . 
 it had a good few seconds of hang time , but i knew it would land right where jude intended it to land . 
 i 'd watched enough games of his to know he rarely , if ever , missed his mark . 
 when the ball landed in the receiver 's arms at the twenty , i cheered louder still . 
 i was the only one cheering-i was the only one making loud noise-but i was n't worried about it . 
 jude had just thrown his first pass in the nfl-a guy who had goals only of staying out of prison back in high school , and here he was now , living the dream , being watched and celebrated by millions around the country . 
 another tear dripped from my eye . 
 while he 'd turned into a football god , i 'd turned into an emotional sap . 
 when i stopped cheering long enough to catch my breath , i felt all the eyes in the room on me . 
 `` did you see that ? '' 
 i asked the collective bunch , waving at the field . 
 i did n't wait for an answer . 
 i had a game to watch . 
 i did n't stop cheering , because i knew i 'd never conform to whatever this emerald city standard was , and what mattered more to me was that i never wanted to . 
 eighteen i was sitting next to the most talked-about man in the country tonight . 
 after completing four touchdown passes , not throwing a single interception during the entire game , and leading his team to a win that the analysts said would take a miracle of the raising-the-dead quality , jude ryder had proven himself ten times over in his first nfl game . 
 he 'd become a national hero today , yet he still draped his arm over me as we headed to the airport in his pos truck like he was the same old bad boy of southpointe high . 
 i was exhausted , but it had been so worth it to make the grueling one-day journey , and i knew it meant a lot to jude . 
 mainly because he had n't stopped telling me it had . 
 `` did i tell you yet how proud i am of you ? '' 
 i said , wishing all those lights in the near distance were n't the airport . 
 `` only five minutes ago . '' 
 his arm tightened around me . 
 `` thanks for coming . 
 it 's just not the same when you 're not there to watch me play , luce . '' 
 `` it means a lot to me , too . '' 
 `` are you still on for two weeks from now ? 
 we 've got a bye-week next weekend , but we 've got another home game the following . '' 
 `` i 'll be there , '' i said , thinking this would be the opportunity i 'd use to tell jude about being pregnant . 
 i did n't want to do it over the phone , and i was n't quite ready to tell him today . 
 even if i was ready , there was literally no time . 
 when we pulled into the airport , i 'd be lucky to have a whole ten minutes before i had to start making my way to my gate . 
 this was news i did n't want to rush . 
 i did n't want to feel like i was racing the clock to get it out . 
 i wanted a whole day if we needed it , to talk things out , or to say nothing at all and just be with each other while we processed the detour our lives were taking . 
 `` and you 'll be able to be here for the whole weekend , right ? '' 
 `` the whole weekend , '' i said , as jude pulled into the parking garage . 
 `` i 'm so sick of saying good-bye to you , luce , '' he said , thumping his palm on the steering wheel . 
 `` i 'm sick of crawling into a cold bed , and i 'm sick of texting you more than talking with you . 
 i miss you . '' 
 i was exhausted , and pregnant . 
 and emotional . 
 his words made me weepy instantly . 
 `` i 'm sick of it , too , '' i said , keeping my head tucked against his shoulder so he would n't see my tears . 
 `` i 've got a solution to that , you know . 
 to both of us being sick of being apart , '' he said , sounding hesitant . 
 `` what ? 
 me pick up and move out here with you and get hitched ? '' 
 i said , not really having to guess this was where his mind was at . 
 he nodded against my head . 
 `` i 'd do it for you if i could . '' 
 and now his voice sounded sad . 
 `` but i 'd never ask you to , '' i replied . 
 `` you 've got commitments and i 've got commitments . 
 it just sucks that our commitments have to be on opposite sides of the country . '' 
 his face nudged mine . 
 he wanted me to look at him , but i could n't . 
 i had to put a stopper on these damn tears before he saw them . 
 `` my number-one commitment is you , luce . '' 
 `` i know , '' i said , wiping my eyes with my arm . 
 `` what are you asking me to do , jude ? 
 i get that i 'm your number - one priority , but i also get that you signed a contract with a little franchise called the san diego chargers . '' 
 `` that 's right , i do have a contract . 
 for three years . 
 if at the end of that , you want me to quit so we can spend the next thirty moving from one dance mecca to the next , that 's what i 'll do . '' 
 i blew out a slow breath . 
 `` you 'd do that ? 
 give up your dream so i could have mine ? '' 
 `` baby , football is n't my dream , '' he said , kissing my forehead . 
 `` you are . '' 
 uh-oh . 
 choking sobs on the horizon . 
 `` do n't get me wrong ; i love football . 
 a lot . 
 but i ca n't even compare it to you , because there 's nothing to compare . 
 i signed the contract because i 'm good at it , and i 'll make so much damn money in three years we 'll be set for life , and you can dance across any and every stage you want and not have to ever worry about money . '' 
 i knew i should get going , but i could n't leave . 
 i was tired of leaving him . 
 `` three years of football . 
 then three years of dance . 
 so on and so forth . 
 is that what you 're proposing ? '' 
 `` i 'm proposing three years of football and you can have the rest of our years together dancing if that 's what you want , '' he said . 
 `` what if we want to start a family sometime along the way ? '' 
 i asked , seeing my segue and taking it for a spin . 
 `` how does a baby factor into our three-years-on , three-years-off schedule ? '' 
 his body relaxed against me . 
 `` i ca n't wait for the day we have kids , luce , because you 're going to make me the most beautiful little babies ever , but we 're still so young . '' 
 the smile that was forming on my face faltered . 
 `` we 're barely twenty-one . 
 we 've got a whole decade ahead of us before we need to start worrying about popping a couple kiddos out . 
 we 've got time , so let 's use it , '' he said , trying to turn his face so he could see mine . 
 `` okay ? '' 
 i answered him with a nod , because i did n't trust myself to talk . 
 `` luce ? '' 
 he said with concern when he caught a glimpse of my face . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 he twisted in his seat and held my face so i could n't turn it away . 
 `` yeah , '' i said , sounding as upset as i thought i would . 
 `` i 'm just tired . '' 
 `` then why does it look like you 're crying ? '' 
 he asked , sliding his thumb over my cheek . 
 `` because i get all teary when i 'm tired . '' 
 he made a face . 
 `` since when ? '' 
 `` since now , '' i said , needing out of this truck , and not just because i had to get to my flight . 
 i knew that if jude did n't back down and kept up with the grand inquisition , i was going to cave and tell him the big news . 
 the big news he 'd just admitted to not being ready for and not wanting for another ten years . 
 how could i tell a man who thought he 'd have a solid decade to get used to the idea of fathering a child that we were about to have one in a little less than six months ? 
 the answer was , i could n't tell him . 
 not right now . 
 not with those words so fresh in my mind . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 jude 's face shadowed as he watched me . 
 `` talk to me , luce . '' 
 i looked down , unable to stare at those tortured eyes any longer . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 not right now , '' i said . 
 `` soon . '' 
 he huffed . 
 `` i 've been hearing that word soon from you for three years now . 
 i think your definition and mine are different . '' 
 i did n't have three years . 
 i did n't even have three months . 
 my soon , in this case , would be his soon . 
 `` soon , '' i said . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 `` i wo n't hold my breath , '' he said with a sigh . 
 i bit my lip . 
 `` i 've got to get going . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah , i know . 
 it 's the story of our lives , '' he said , studying me like he was trying to see inside me . 
 `` i know you 're tired and need to catch your flight and do n't want to talk about whatever 's bothering you , but after a good night 's sleep you 'll feel better . 
 i want you to call me anytime , luce , anytime . 
 i do n't care if i 'm in the middle of practice or asleep or in the shower ; i 'll answer . 
 just call me . 
 tomorrow , or the next day , or the day after that , whenever you 're feeling better , and we 'll talk this over . 
 we 'll work this out the way we always do . '' 
 he paused and waited . 
 `` okay , luce ? 
 we 'll work this out . 
 everything will be fine , '' he said , pulling me back into his arms . 
 `` just call me and we 'll figure this thing out together . '' 
 i hugged him back-i could n't seem to hold him hard enough-but i never made that call the next day , or the day after that , or even the day after that . 
 another week down , one week closer to d-day , as holly and i had deemed it . 
 jude and i had talked every day , but we never had `` the talk . '' 
 i pretended everything was fine and dodged his probing questions , but i knew i had n't fooled him . 
 i was even avoiding my parents ' calls , because how could i talk about school and dance when i was keeping the secret that i was in my second trimester from them ? 
 so when anton asked if i 'd be able to work saturday , i 'd said yes without a second thought . 
 when i was at school or work , my mind was distracted just enough for me to pretend my life was n't spiraling out of control . 
 anton had found a new full-time admin once i 'd gone back to school , but i still worked a saturday or sunday most weekends . 
 there was always some report that needed to be filled out or completed or started . 
 there was always a presentation that needed to be put together , and anton not only did n't have a problem with letting me work a flexible schedule , he encouraged it . 
 it did n't matter if i showed up early or late , saturday or sunday , the guy was always there . 
 i was starting to wonder if he lived at the office . 
 today , thomas had been free to watch lj while holly was at work , so i 'd showed up at xavier industries at eight a.m. i had n't lifted my head from the computer once when anton stepped out of his office later that afternoon . 
 `` thanks again for helping today , lucy , '' he said , dropping a bottle of water on my desk . 
 `` it 's amazing how much more i can get done when i do n't have someone ducking their head in my office every two seconds . '' 
 `` no problem , '' i said , saving the report i 'd been working on the past couple hours before powering off my computer . 
 it was getting late , and i 'd promised to pick up dinner for everyone tonight . 
 `` how have you been lately ? '' 
 anton asked with a serious expression . 
 `` india tells me you 've been missing a lot of class . '' 
 traitor . 
 no dessert for her next friday night . 
 `` i 'm good , '' i said with a shrug . 
 `` just going through a bit of a life funk . '' 
 `` is jude responsible for this funk ? '' 
 he said , leaning into my desk . 
 a flash of anger . 
 it had been so long since i 'd felt it , i welcomed it . 
 like a long-lost friend coming home for a visit . 
 `` let me respond to that with a two-part answer , '' i said , crossing my arms . 
 `` none of your business . 
 and none of your business . '' 
 jumping up , i grabbed my purse and headed for the coatrack to grab my jacket . 
 i wanted out of here before anton got warmed up . 
 `` i make you uncomfortable . '' 
 i huffed . 
 `` does n't exactly qualify as the revelation of the year . '' 
 anton chuckled . 
 infuriating . 
 `` well , maybe this will , '' he said , coming toward me . 
 `` i know why i make you uncomfortable . '' 
 `` i know why , too , '' i said , looking him up and down . 
 `` everything . 
 the whole anton xavier package makes me uncomfortable . '' 
 super . 
 i 'd just mentioned anton and package in the same sentence , and the twisted sob had n't missed it either . 
 one side of his mouth was already lifting . 
 `` i make you uncomfortable because some part of you likes me . 
 some part of you is attracted to me and that pisses you off . 
 some part of you knows that if you were n't with him , you and i would be together . '' 
 he said this all without a bit of remorse , not even shame . 
 i was getting upset . 
 more upset . 
 i was n't sure if it was because of how wrong he was or how right he was . 
 it was all very confusing . 
 `` maybe , '' i said with a lazy shrug . 
 `` but that 's the answer to every question in the universe . 
 maybe . 
 maybe you and i might have hooked up in some alternate reality where there was no jude , but that 's not the case . 
 there is a jude . 
 and i 'm in love with him . '' 
 i was getting worked up , just shy of a shout . 
 i held up my left hand , flashing the ring in front of him . 
 `` and we 're getting married . '' 
 anton stuffed his hands in his pockets . 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` soon . '' 
 i grimaced at my word choice . 
 he noticed that too . 
 `` how long have you been engaged ? '' 
 still the picture of calm . 
 `` three years . '' 
 he took a step toward me ; i took a step back . 
 `` what are you waiting for ? '' 
 why had n't i stuck with the whole none-of-your-business approach ? 
 `` to graduate college . '' 
 `` no , i do n't think that 's it , '' he said confidently . 
 `` i think you 're waiting because you 're unsure . 
 something 's telling you this man is not the right one for you , and you ca n't kill that voice . '' 
 `` wow , good one , '' i said , clapping my hands . 
 `` and the delusional award goes to ... '' i stopped clapping to sweep my hands dramatically at him . 
 the more i got worked up , the cooler he seemed . 
 nothing i said or did could tip his calm scale . 
 `` you say we could never be together , but that 's just because you 've never even opened yourself up to the idea . '' 
 he took another step toward me and this time , when i took a step back , i was up against a wall . 
 fitting . 
 `` i do n't want to open myself up to that idea , '' i said , warning him with my eyes . 
 warning him not to take another step closer . 
 he did n't heed that warning . 
 `` then i 'm going to help you . '' 
 before i had time to process his intention , his lips were on mine , his hands following . 
 though his mouth was unyielding , his hands dropped gently to my waist and stayed there . 
 i tried shoving him away immediately . 
 it was a useless endeavor with jude , but i at least managed to budge anton , though not enough . 
 his lips continued their assault on mine , like they were a drowning man begging for a lifeline , but i 'd tossed my lifeline out a long time ago-to a different guy , and i 'd never asked for or wanted it back . 
 i knew that what anton had said was partly true . 
 the two of us very well could have ended up together had the world been jude ryder-less . 
 but it was n't . 
 anton was the understudy to jude . 
 anton was my what-might-have-been , but jude was my was , is , and will be forever . 
 `` anton , stop , '' i protested against his unrelenting lips . 
 either he 'd gone deaf or he was ignoring me . 
 neither would work for me . 
 raising my hand , i slapped it hard across his cheek . 
 `` stop it ! '' 
 the slap got his attention . 
 good thing , because my next move would have been a sharp knee to the groin . 
 when anton loosened his grip on me just enough , i gave him another hard shove , pushing him back a few feet . 
 `` you 're an a ** hole . 
 how 's that for an answer as to why we 're not together ? '' 
 shoving him in passing just because he deserved it , i marched toward the door . 
 `` and one more thing . 
 i quit ! '' 
 i did n't wait for a reply . 
 i ran for the elevator , hoping i 'd make it to the car before the last two minutes had caught up with me . 
 as it was , i felt like i was hyperventilating . 
 what anton had said might have been true , but none of it mattered . 
 i was with jude . 
 i wanted jude . 
 there was no anton and lucy when i 'd given my heart to jude ryder four years ago . 
 i had no doubts that if you plugged anton and me into a compatibility computer , we 'd come out on the other end together . 
 i knew that , but it did n't change anything . 
 his rubbing that in my face when my fiance was across the country , while i was an emotional , hormonal wreck , was not what i needed right now . 
 as soon as the elevator doors opened , i ran through the lobby , shoved through the revolving door , and continued my sprint to the mazda . 
 i was pulling my phone from my purse before i knew i 'd gone searching for it . 
 as if my fingers had a mind of their own , they punched in a number as i crawled into the car . 
 jude answered on the first ring . 
 `` hey , luce . '' 
 just hearing his voice unleashed the flood of emotions i 'd been trying to hold back . 
 i started sobbing . 
 hard-core , rocking , choking sobs . 
 the kind i 'd experienced only in the days after my brother 's murder . 
 `` what 's the matter , luce ? '' 
 jude 's voice was tight with worry . 
 `` shit . 
 are you all right ? 
 where are you ? '' 
 he was frantic , and it sounded like he was running . 
 i inhaled and counted to five , trying to compose myself enough to reassure him i was n't dying in some back alley . 
 `` i need you , jude , '' i sobbed . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i know it 's late and i know you 've got practice in the morning '' - it was next to impossible to get words out , and each one felt like a victory - `` but i need you . '' 
 i heard him curse under his breath . 
 i do n't know if my idea of composing myself had calmed him or made him more panicked . 
 `` i 'm coming , baby . 
 i 'm coming , '' he said , definitely running now , because i could hear the air cutting through the phone . 
 `` i 'll be there as soon as i can . '' 
 i hated feeling so weak , like i needed someone else to hold me together , but i tried not to focus on that . 
 i tried to focus on how lucky i was to have someone to call when i needed to be held together . 
 `` thank you , '' i whispered as i tried to start the car . 
 my hands were shaking , making it difficult . 
 `` are you safe , luce ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` are you hurt ? '' 
 i knew he was talking about the physical safe and hurt , so that was why i replied , `` yes , i 'm safe , and no , i 'm not hurt . '' 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 he asked , before talking in a clipped tone to someone . 
 a taxi driver , maybe ? 
 `` i 'm in my car . 
 i 'm heading back to the apartment . '' 
 `` are you okay to drive ? '' 
 i took a few more deep breaths until my shaking stopped . 
 `` yeah , i 'll be fine . '' 
 `` okay , luce . 
 wait for me at the apartment . 
 i 'm on my way , baby . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 there was nothing else i could say . 
 `` i love you , luce . '' 
 his voice was still anxious , but it soothed me . 
 `` i know , jude , '' i said . 
 `` i know . '' 
 i hoped he would feel the same way once i told him everything i 'd been keeping from him . 
 after a teary drive home , i found holly waiting for me . 
 thomas and lj were gone . 
 `` did you get off work early ? '' 
 i asked , faking a smile . 
 `` jude called me , '' she said , pulling me into her arms . 
 `` he was freaking out and asked me to meet you here until he flew in . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry you had to leave work early , '' i said , melting into her arms . 
 `` that 's not what i 'm worried about , '' she said , steering me toward the couch . 
 `` i 'm worried about you . 
 what happened ? '' 
 she inspected me as she sat me down . 
 `` jude said you 'd told him you were okay , but he was n't so convinced . '' 
 `` i 'm okay in the way he was worried about , '' i said , as she slid my heels off . 
 `` jude 's worried about you being okay in all the ways you can be , lucy , '' she said , grabbing the pillow and blanket over on the chair . 
 `` i know he is . 
 and i guess i 'm both okay and not okay . 
 if that 's even possible . '' 
 i let holly ease me down on the couch until my head crashed into the pillow . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 she asked as she layered the blanket over me . 
 suddenly , just having my feet up and my head on a pillow , i felt exhausted . 
 utterly spent from the month , the day , and the past hour . 
 it had all caught up with me , and my body was going to revolt if i did n't let it shut down for a while . 
 `` i 'll tell you later , holly , '' i said , yawning as i closed my eyes . 
 `` will you wake me when jude gets here ? '' 
 `` of course , lucy , '' she said . 
 `` sleep tight . '' 
 she pressed a kiss to my temple , and then i was asleep . 
 nineteen `` how long has she been out ? '' 
 jude 's voice broke through my dreams , but did n't fully free me from them . 
 dreams that had been more dark than light , more nightmare than dream . 
 `` since she basically walked through the door , '' holly replied , sounding far-off . 
 `` what 's going on , hol ? '' 
 his fingers started stroking my hair . 
 `` she would n't say , but i 've got a few ideas . '' 
 `` what ideas ? '' 
 his voice was so tight with worry , and something else . 
 exhaustion , maybe ? 
 `` nope , not my place to say . 
 lucy can tell you what 's going on when she wakes up . '' 
 jude 's mouth pressed into my temple and stayed there for a beat , like he was trying to breathe me in . 
 `` i was so worried , hol . 
 so f ** king worried . '' 
 `` it 's going to be all right , jude . 
 whatever lucy needed you for , you two will work out . '' 
 `` yeah , '' he said against my skin , `` i know . '' 
 it might have been his lips , or it might have been his words , but one of the two freed me at last from the curtain of dreamland . 
 `` luce ? '' 
 jude 's face was blurry as my eyes adjusted . 
 `` baby ? 
 are you all right ? '' 
 `` you made it , '' i said , smiling up at him . 
 i already felt ten times better just having him close . 
 `` i told you i would . '' 
 `` i know , '' i said , shifting below him . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 `` a little before midnight . '' 
 `` how did you get here so fast ? '' 
 his fingers continued running through my hair , soothing me . 
 `` i chartered a plane , '' he answered . 
 `` a fast one . '' 
 this time , the price tag did n't bother me . 
 he was here in less than eight hours ' time . 
 `` thank you , '' i said , knowing two words were inadequate , but not being able to offer him anything else right now . 
 jude smiled his reply . 
 he was so close i could smell the scent of his favorite soap . 
 having him here , his presence , his smile , his scent ... i was home . 
 `` i know i should probably let you wake up and give you a minute , but i 'm dying here , luce . 
 i 've been dying since i got your call . '' 
 his voice got tight again . 
 `` what 's the matter ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 for one of the few times in my life , he looked scared . 
 scared of the questions and scared of the answers . 
 `` first things first . '' 
 holly appeared behind jude holding a cup of orange juice and a handful of crackers . 
 `` you have n't eaten anything for hours , lucy . 
 eat this . 
 drink this . 
 or else . '' 
 she winked as she waited for me to sit up . 
 i twisted around so i could face jude and took the oj and crackers . 
 `` thanks , holly . '' 
 again , there was so much i owed her for , but two words of gratitude were all i had right now . 
 jude waited for me to take a sip and get down half a saltine cracker , but i could tell the waiting game was killing him . 
 how could i break what happened to me this afternoon to him gently ? 
 if there was a way to ease the blow that the man jude had been so certain had a thing for me had just plastered his lips to mine , i was n't finding one . 
 segue ... ease him into it with a segue . 
 `` anton kissed me . '' 
 segues , apparently , in my book , sucked . 
 the worry lines of jude 's face deepened , until each wrinkle was its own canyon . 
 `` when ? '' 
 his voice was so rough it scared me . 
 `` right before i called you . '' 
 i took another sip of my juice and waited . 
 `` where ? '' 
 his jaw was locked and his shoulders were tensing . 
 `` at the office . '' 
 and now the veins in his neck were popping against his skin . 
 we 'd hit rage liftoff . 
 `` where is he now ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said . 
 `` and i do n't care . '' 
 `` well , i care , and i 'm about to find out . '' 
 he pulled his phone from his pocket and started searching through his contact list . 
 i knew who he 'd call first on this anton manhunt . 
 `` no , '' i said , wanting to grab the phone out of his hands and toss it out the window . 
 but then he 'd just go find mine . 
 `` you 're not going to go find him so you can teach him a lesson and kick his ass . '' 
 `` that 's exactly what i 'm going to do , '' he said instantly , stopping when he got to the i 's in his phone . 
 `` no , you 're not , '' i said firmly , setting my juice and crackers down . 
 my attention and hands were needed elsewhere . 
 `` i do n't need you , or anyone else , to prove to some other guy that i belong to you . '' 
 `` he kissed you , luce , '' jude said , his eyes immediately narrowing . 
 `` it appears you do need me to do just that . '' 
 i gently traced the scar i 'd memorized years ago . 
 `` it does n't matter how many guys want to , try to , or actually succeed before they feel the slap of my hand on their cheek , '' i said , forcing him to look me in the eyes . 
 `` because the only one of them i want to kiss is you . 
 and that 's what matters . '' 
 to prove it , i lowered my face until our mouths were just a hair apart . 
 our lips had n't touched and already electricity was bouncing between us . 
 when my lips did cover his , that electricity became something else entirely . 
 our lips played together , smoothing and sucking , until my breath started hitching in my lungs . 
 jude 's hand held my face carefully , but there was an undercurrent of strength in that touch . 
 i ended our kiss by running my tongue along the seam of his lips before pressing a featherlight kiss to the corner of his mouth . 
 `` that 's who i want to kiss , and how i want him to kiss me , until the day i ca n't kiss anymore , '' i said , staring into his eyes . 
 the darkness in them was gone . 
 `` so do n't feel like you need to kick anton into next week to defend my honor . 
 i can defend my own honor . 
 just stay here . 
 with me , '' i said , patting the couch . 
 `` kissing me would be an added bonus . '' 
 he sat beside me and grabbed my hand . 
 `` you know it might kill me not to give that little jerk-off a piece of my boot , right ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 in fact , i was surprised he was still here , relatively calm , and talking in his normal jude voice again . 
 that kiss must have worked a miracle , because the jude i 'd known would have already tracked the guy down and broken his nose . 
 `` but i want you happy . 
 nothing 's more important to me than that , '' he said , sighing . 
 `` so i 'll resist every instinct and not hang him over the edge of the empire state building . '' 
 another sigh , this one longer . 
 `` happy now ? '' 
 `` you have no idea , '' i said , running my fingers through my hair . 
 it was a mess , tear - and snot-coated , topped off by hours of twisting it into a pillow . 
 `` i 've got a quick solution to that , '' jude said , patting my leg as he stood up . 
 `` i 'll hunt down one of those ponytail-holder thingies you leave all over the place . '' 
 `` bathroom 's a good starting point , '' i called after him . 
 i smiled . 
 jude had gone from hard-core hulk to my ponytail-holder-thingy hunter in under a minute . 
 plus , he was here . 
 i did n't care why or what events had led up to his chartering a plane and flying across the country . 
 because he was here . 
 `` impressive , '' holly muttered to me from the kitchen , sipping a cup of tea . 
 `` i thought i was going to be sweeping up glass for weeks from that special shade of pissed he turned . '' 
 before i had a chance to reply , i heard a drawer slam before jude came stomping out of the bathroom . 
 `` goddammit , hol , '' he said , clutching something in his fist . 
 `` did you go and get yourself knocked up again ? '' 
 holly 's face did the confusion thing before she noticed what was in jude 's hand . 
 then her face fell . 
 `` what the fuck ? '' 
 he said , holding up the pregnancy test in front of her . 
 the pregnancy test i 'd stuffed in the top drawer where i kept my toothpaste , chapstick , and ponytail-holder thingies . 
 shit . 
 `` jude , '' i said , but he did n't hear me . 
 `` how the hell are you going to take care of two kids on your own , hol ? '' 
 he said , sounding truly upset . 
 `` jude , '' i said again , this time louder . 
 holly was glancing between me and jude , not saying a thing . 
 she could n't lie , but she did n't want to rat me out . 
 `` say something , '' jude said , waving the test . 
 `` jude ! '' 
 there . 
 i 'd gotten as loud as he had . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he shouted , spinning around . 
 his face softened just a bit when he realized he 'd snapped at me . 
 `` the test is n't holly 's , '' i said , unconsciously draping my hands over my stomach . 
 `` it 's mine . '' 
 it did n't register right away . 
 it took a minute . 
 but as jude 's face changed from red to white , i knew my words were settling in . 
 `` it 's mine , '' i repeated , looking at the test . 
 `` wait ... '' he shook his head , glancing at the test , then back to me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i prayed he was n't going into shock , because i 'd never seen this pale , clammy look on his face , and it sure as hell looked like shock to me . 
 `` the pregnancy test is mine . '' 
 he actually went a degree whiter at the word pregnancy . 
 `` do n't play games with me , luce , '' he said , frozen in place . 
 `` i 'm not , '' i said , my voice quiet . 
 `` i 'm pregnant . '' 
 he wavered but caught himself . 
 oh , god . 
 he spread his hands over his face , leaving them there . 
 `` when did you find out ? '' 
 he 'd accepted that i was , indeed , pregnant . 
 we were making progress , although this was hardly the response i was looking for . 
 i knew he would n't be jumping for joy , but i 'd hoped for a hug and a we 'll get through this together reassurance . 
 `` two weeks ago . '' 
 his hands fell from his face . 
 `` why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 that was the million-dollar question . 
 `` for a lot of reasons , '' i answered . 
 `` a lot of reasons that do n't matter anymore . '' 
 he stared down at the test in his hand . 
 `` they matter to me . '' 
 okay , i could do this . 
 `` i was scared . '' 
 `` of what ? '' 
 he asked , not able to take his eyes from those two pink lines . 
 `` everything , '' i answered , because it was true . 
 `` of me ? '' 
 his voice and the expression on his face broke me . 
 i 'd hurt him . 
 the one thing i never wanted to do but could never seem to escape from doing . 
 it was my damn achilles ' heel : hurting jude . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i swallowed back the lump forming in my throat . 
 he flinched . 
 `` afraid that i was going to turn out to be some piece-of-shit father like mine was ? '' 
 this time i flinched . 
 that thought had never once entered my mind . 
 i 'd had a lot of anxious thoughts , enough worries to fill a person 's entire lifetime , but that had not been one of them . 
 `` no , jude , '' i said , wanting to sit up and go to him , but i was n't sure my legs would work at this point in the conversation . 
 `` that never crossed my mind . '' 
 `` then why were you hiding the fact you were pregnant from me for two weeks ? 
 two goddamned weeks ! '' 
 he looked lost . 
 and the kind of lost where he was n't hoping to be found . 
 `` because of this , '' i said , motioning at him , feeling my temper boiling to the surface . 
 `` because i was scared of what your reaction would be . '' 
 he cracked his neck and looked away from me . 
 `` yeah , well , you were right to be . '' 
 `` obviously , '' i replied , wondering if i could rewind to two minutes ago and tell jude myself that i was pregnant before he found the test stick . 
 `` is it mine ? '' 
 now it was my turn for a blow of his to take a while to settle in . 
 sure i 'd heard him wrong , i said , `` what ? '' 
 `` is . 
 it . 
 mine ? '' 
 nope , i had n't heard him wrong . 
 `` jude , '' holly hissed from the kitchen , marching toward him like she was going to punch him in the stomach . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he said , his eyes crazy . 
 `` if she hides the fact that she 's pregnant , who 's to know what else she 's hiding from me ? '' 
 those words , that insinuation , cut me like nothing had before . 
 jude implying i could have been , or had been , unfaithful to him ... this was the kind of cut that would never heal . 
 `` get out , '' i whispered , staring into my lap . 
 `` just get the hell out . '' 
 when he did n't move , i shot up from my seat and pointed at the door while i glared at him with fire shooting from my eyes . 
 `` get the hell out ! '' 
 i saw his eyes flash before he turned away , but i could n't tell if it 'd been a flash of anger or hurt . 
 but i was too hurt myself to find out . 
 jude stormed down the hall and slammed the door so damn hard , i thought it was going to fall from its hinges . 
 before i collapsed back onto the couch , i heard a string of curses , then what sounded like a fist going through a sheet of drywall . 
 twenty school , dance , marriage , career ... jude . 
 my entire life felt like it was hanging in the balance . 
 there was n't one thing i was certain about anymore . 
 well , save for one : i was certain i still loved jude . 
 i wanted to be with him , marry him , live and die with him . 
 when life throws you a curveball like it had thrown me , you realize exactly what is important and what is n't . 
 jude , and now our baby , were at the top of that list . 
 after jude had stormed out last saturday , i had n't seen or heard from him since . 
 four and a half days i 'd gone without knowing what he was thinking or where his head was or if we were going to make up , or if he even still wanted to marry me . 
 if i had n't developed an ulcer yet , i was close . 
 when i 'd shouted at anton , `` i quit ! '' 
 last saturday , i 'd meant it . 
 he 'd sent a bouquet of flowers and a note to apologize , but i was one forced-upon kiss past forgiving and forgetting right now . 
 one day , maybe , but not a few days later . 
 anton had crossed a line and proved that he could n't take no for an answer . 
 it was obvious we could n't just be friends , so i made an executive decision and cut off all contact . 
 even indie had my back . 
 when she found out he 'd kissed me , she went ballistic . 
 after i skipped class again , holly and thomas basically dragged me to the studio tuesday morning . 
 that did n't last long , though , because as soon as i slipped into my dance leotard i could see the slightest of bumps stretching the fabric above my belly . 
 this brought me close to a meltdown . 
 it was n't just the baby bump ; it was everything that had piled up in the days before . 
 a box of tissues later , thomas walked me over to my academic adviser and informed her of my `` fragile '' condition while i went through another box of tissues . 
 by the end of the day , we 'd been able to work out a modified schedule that would allow me to continue the semester without having to adhere to a rigorous dance course load . 
 i 'd never checked before , because i did n't want to do anything but dance , but it turned out there were quite a few theory courses i could take that would count toward my degree . 
 since the baby was due sometime in february , i was n't sure what i 'd be able to do about my last semester , but that was okay . 
 i could n't think that far ahead . 
 i still had n't wrapped my mind around having a child growing inside me , or that , once i pushed it out , i might be raising it alone . 
 holly and i had discussed the double as , as she called them : abortion and adoption . 
 i was n't going to judge what was right for someone else , but abortion just was n't an option for me . 
 i could n't do it , simple as that . 
 we 'd talked back and forth about adoption , until i realized that this , too , just was n't an option for me . 
 i had n't planned for it , i had n't seen it , did n't even know what i was having , but it was my baby . 
 and jude 's baby . 
 i could n't give it to someone else . 
 i knew it was upending my life , in a present and future tense , but that was n't the baby 's fault . 
 so i was going to have it and raise it . 
 hopefully with jude , but alone if that was my only option . 
 so even though my life felt like it was one giant question mark , i attacked those few little things i could put a period after . 
 i read a couple of books about the whole pregnancy and birthing process ; one had pictures , detailed pictures , of the actual birth , which still haunted me . 
 i made sure i got enough sleep , which was easy enough , considering my body felt tired twenty-four-seven . 
 i took my prenatal vitamins , i walked and did my stretches , and i drank so much water i was making bathroom visits every half hour . 
 i was moving forward . 
 the whole concept of having a baby growing inside me had set in . 
 finally . 
 and i was going to do everything in my power to make sure it was healthy . 
 there were moments in the night when i 'd wake up and a flicker of excitement would flash through me . 
 then i 'd find the spot beside me empty and i 'd check my phone and find no missed calls or texts , and that spark of happiness would fizzle . 
 no matter what happened , no matter what jude did or did n't do , i knew one thing : i was going to be the best damn mom i could be . 
 i doubted a lot of things , but this was one thing i knew for sure . 
 and i would n't be alone . 
 i had holly , who had plenty of firsthand experience to help me . 
 i had india and thomas to encourage me along the way , pat my back when i needed to cry , or tell me to suck it up when i needed to . 
 even though i had n't told them about the baby yet , i had dad and mom , too , and i knew they 'd be there for me . 
 they 'd be as shocked as i 'd been at first , but they 'd come around just like i had , and help me find my way on this scary road . 
 i focused on the pieces of my life i could control and tried not to fixate on the ones i could n't . 
 i lived life one hour at a time , because if i looked even one day into the future , i felt the stirrings of a panic attack . 
 this afternoon was the day of my first ultrasound . 
 i could find out the gender of the baby if i wanted to know . 
 i felt like i 'd just woken up yesterday , learning i was pregnant , and today i 'd know if i 'd be buying blue or pink onesies . 
 like so much of my life , it was all too surreal . 
 up until last night , i had n't attempted to call jude since he 'd stormed out . 
 i could n't remember how many times my finger hovered over the call button before i chickened out , but the fear of my call going to voice mail , or of never hearing back from him again , was too much to contemplate . 
 but letting him know about the ultrasound was the right decision . 
 i at least had to give him the option to show up , because even if he did n't want anything to do with me anymore , i hoped he would n't feel the same about the baby . 
 i should have told him the minute i found out i was pregnant ; i got that . 
 i got why he was so upset . 
 but he should have called me the minute after he realized what an ass he 'd been that day . 
 i was still waiting for him to `` get '' that . 
 the longer i waited , the angrier i got . 
 but most of all , the sadder i got . 
 after an hour of going back and forth , i settled for a brief text . 
 i let him know the address of where the ultrasound was taking place , and the time , and , against my better judgment , ended it with an i 'm sorry . 
 i love you , and hit send before i could agonize over the message for another hour . 
 i never got a reply , but even as i checked my phone when i sat filling out paperwork in the waiting room five minutes before my appointment , i had n't stopped hoping . 
 both holly and india had offered to come for moral support , but i 'd made up half a dozen excuses about why i wanted to be alone today . 
 i 'd been filling out so much paperwork my hand was starting to go numb when i got to the last section : `` paternal support . '' 
 the first question was easy , although jude 's biting words rang in my ears as i checked the yes box : `` do you know who the baby 's father is ? '' 
 the second and third were n't so easy . 
 `` is the father planning on playing an active role in the baby 's life ? '' 
 and `` is the father supportive ? '' 
 as soon as i was about to mark yes for both , i convinced myself the answer was no . 
 after finding myself stuck on the same two questions when the ultrasound tech called my name , i created my own box of `` i do n't know '' for both . 
 `` hi , lucy , '' the young tech greeted me . 
 she did n't look too much older than me . 
 `` i 'm amy . 
 right this way . '' 
 i followed her down the antiseptic-smelling hall , feeling like i was in a dream . 
 or a movie . 
 my life no longer felt like my own , but like i was a passive spectator observing it , unable to control it . 
 `` how are you doing ? '' 
 she asked as she opened a door . 
 the room inside was dark . 
 i was ready to answer with my standard as-of-late reply of fine when i stopped myself . 
 `` i 'm scared shitless , '' i said , flashing her an apologetic smile . 
 amy laughed . 
 `` at least you 're honest , '' she said , motioning me toward the vinyl-covered bed . 
 `` i think that might qualify as the best answer i 've heard all week . '' 
 she sat down on a rolling chair beside the bed and began tapping on a computer . 
 `` go ahead and get comfortable and we 'll get started . '' 
 i inhaled and tried to make myself comfortable as i reclined . 
 nothing was really comfortable about it , though . 
 the room was too cold , the pillow was stiff , the paper covering the bed crackled loudly as i moved against it , and there was something so final about finding out if i was having a boy or a girl . 
 i also knew i could n't get comfortable because jude was n't here with me . 
 `` go ahead and roll up your shirt , '' she said , grabbing a tube from her cart . 
 `` and you 'll be happy to know that some genius invented a warmer for this belly lube gunk , so you wo n't hit the ceiling when i squirt some on your tummy . '' 
 i almost smiled as i pulled my shirt up . 
 `` belly lube gunk ? 
 is that the technical term for it ? '' 
 amy shook the tube and squeezed a good-size blob just above my belly button . 
 `` as technical as i 'll ever get , '' she said , grabbing the ultrasound reader and lowering it to my stomach . 
 `` i 'm going to take a quick look at your baby 's lungs , heart , and spine , and then we can determine the gender if you like . '' 
 `` i want to know , '' i said , as she distributed the blob around . 
 amy pressed a button on a remote and the tv in front of me clicked on . 
 it was nothing but a bunch of darkish static , until all of a sudden a white little bean-shaped thing with arms and legs showed up on the screen . 
 `` there 's your little peanut , '' she said , rolling the instrument to give a different view . 
 i choked on a sob that came out of nowhere . 
 it was primal-everything about my reaction to watching the baby inside me on a tv . 
 amy handed me a couple of tissues right before my first tears fell . 
 she was an old pro . 
 these tears had nothing to do with hormones or me being one giant hot mess for the better part of a month . 
 these tears were the kind that came from deep within your soul . 
 they were the tears when life was created or taken away , and i was n't sure if they 'd ever let up . 
 `` this is one healthy little baby you 've got cooking in here , lucy , '' amy said after a while . 
 `` everything looks great . '' 
 another assault of tears . 
 `` you ready to find out if it 's a boy or girl ? '' 
 she asked , shifting the view yet again . 
 i nodded , because i was past words . 
 the door creaked open , filling the room with a ray of sharp white light as a body slid inside . 
 `` am i too late ? '' 
 jude asked , closing the door . 
 `` no , '' amy answered , `` you 're just in time . '' 
 `` luce ? '' 
 he said , coming toward me . 
 `` am i too late ? '' 
 he repeated with a whole lot of meaning between his words . 
 it took a moment for my eyes to readjust , but when they did and i saw the expression on his face , my heart kind of broke and burst at the same instant . 
 he 'd made it . 
 he had n't let me down . 
 he was here for me when i needed him most , looking tortured and anxious and as scared shitless as i was . 
 it was the most beautiful sight i 'd ever seen . 
 `` no , jude , '' i said , extending my hand toward him . 
 `` you 're not too late . '' 
 he took my hand and knelt down beside me . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , luce , '' he said , wrapping his other hand around mine . 
 `` i love you so damn much . 
 and i love that baby in your belly so damn much . '' 
 he paused , biting the inside of his cheek . 
 seeming at a loss for words , he leaned his forehead into our entwined hands and closed his eyes . 
 `` i had so much else i wanted to say , but i 'm sorry , and i love you ... both pretty much sums it all up . '' 
 i was convinced that this past month my tear ducts had taken it upon themselves to revolt and catch up on eight years of trying not to cry . 
 `` i 'm sorry , and i love you , too , '' i said . 
 he was right : those two sentences really did say it all . 
 `` i take it you 're the father ? '' 
 amy said , fighting a smile as she watched us . 
 jude 's eyes opened . 
 he lifted his shoulders . 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'm the father . '' 
 `` well , then , daddy , '' amy said , glancing at her computer screen . 
 `` you ready to know what you 're having ? '' 
 jude 's gaze shifted to the tv and his face went blank . 
 blank with awe . 
 he 'd been too caught up in our sorry-love makeup that he had n't noticed the baby on the screen . 
 but he did now . 
 and he could n't look away . 
 he could barely blink . 
 `` look at that , '' amy said , shaking her head . 
 `` baby 's awake now . 
 she must like her daddy 's voice . '' 
 my head whipped to the side . 
 `` she ? '' 
 `` you 're having a little girl , '' amy said , winking at me before glancing at jude . 
 he was still transfixed , totally enamored as he watched our baby girl 's arms and legs move . 
 then a tear bubbled in the corner of his eye , before it fell down his cheek . 
 it was the first tear i 'd seen jude shed . 
 `` how are you ? '' 
 i asked softly . 
 `` speechless , '' he breathed , studying the screen like it was n't real . 
 `` that 's the first tear i 've seen you cry , '' i said , skimming my thumb down the moist trail it had left down his face . 
 `` that 's the first tear i have ever cried , '' he said , clearing his throat . 
 `` i ca n't imagine a better time to let one fall than finding out i 'm going to have a little girl with you , luce . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i said , `` i ca n't either . '' 
 `` well , we 're all done here , '' amy said . 
 `` but i 'll print you out some photos to put on your fridge and show off to all your friends , that kind of thing . 
 so , say bye-bye , mommy and daddy . '' 
 `` bye , baby , '' i whispered , watching the screen . 
 she was still moving around , almost dancing . 
 she really was my daughter . 
 `` bye , baby girl , '' jude said , before the screen went black . 
 `` you two can have a few moments in here , '' amy said , wiping my belly off with some tissues before standing up . 
 `` and here are your first baby pictures . '' 
 she handed me a strand of six photos taken from different angles . 
 all of them brought a smile to my face . 
 this was our baby . 
 our baby girl . 
 surreal was the word of the day . 
 `` do you have some scissors in here ? '' 
 jude said , wiping his eyes with the back of his hand . 
 `` i want to put one in my wallet . '' 
 amy smiled at him and pulled a pair from her cart . 
 cutting the top one free , she handed it to him . 
 `` i do n't need long to know when a baby 's going to be well loved and cared for , '' she said , handing the picture to jude before heading for the door . 
 `` i did n't need more than a few seconds with the two of you to know your little girl is one lucky baby . '' 
 she smiled and started closing the door . 
 `` take your time . '' 
 jude carefully folded his photo before sliding it into his wallet , his expression peaceful . 
 `` i 'm so sorry i did n't tell you right away , jude , '' i said , swinging my legs around as i sat up . 
 `` i never wanted to - '' `` luce , you do n't have anything to apologize for , '' he said , staring at my stomach before meeting my eyes . 
 `` but i do . 
 i behaved like an a ** hole . 
 i was an a ** hole . '' 
 i held up my hand , because i was n't going to let him take all the blame like he always did . 
 `` lord knows i love you for saying that , but i 've plenty to apologize for . 
 so please let me . 
 okay ? '' 
 he took a seat next to me on the edge of the bed and nodded . 
 `` i should have told you the minute after i found out i was pregnant , '' i began , running my hands down my legs . 
 `` but i was scared . 
 terrified . 
 i could n't wrap my mind around the fact that i was pregnant , and i assured myself i 'd tell you as soon as i 'd gotten used to the idea . 
 i think i 've figured out that you do n't get ` used ' to the idea of being pregnant when you 're an unmarried twenty-one-year-old trying to finish school . '' 
 maybe no one , no matter what their age or place in life , got used to the idea , because it was something so beyond comprehension . 
 something epic . 
 creating life . 
 sustaining life . 
 giving life . 
 it was n't a concept that was easy to wrap any mind around . 
 `` after a week passed and i was n't feeling any better , i knew i needed to tell you , but i did n't want it to be on the phone , and i did n't want it to be something i had to rush when i flew in for your first game . 
 i wanted there to be a perfect time and place to tell you , so we could figure this curveball out together , but i should have remembered i 'm a walking experiment in imperfect timing . '' 
 jude reached for my hand and weaved his fingers through mine . 
 `` i should have told you sooner . 
 i 'm sorry i did n't . 
 and i 'm really sorry you found out the way you did . '' 
 i squeezed his hand . 
 `` but i 'm so , so happy you 're here with me now . '' 
 `` me too , '' he said , lifting my hand to his lips . 
 `` are you done now ? 
 with your apology ? '' 
 his lips grazed along my knuckles , heating the skin along the way . 
 `` because i 've got something of a monumental apology to make , too . '' 
 `` you 've got the floor , mr. ryder , '' i said ceremoniously . 
 pressing one final kiss to my knuckles , he lowered our hands to his lap . 
 `` i walked out on you saturday night because i was scared , too , luce , '' he said . 
 `` i was scared of the reasons you 'd kept it from me in the first place . 
 i was scared that you would forever resent me for getting you pregnant . 
 i was scared that i did n't have what it takes to be a father . 
 i was scared of so much , but what i was mostly scared of was losing you . '' 
 his voice was tight as his eyes lowered to my stomach . 
 `` and losing our baby . 
 `` i ran that night because i was scared , and the fact that i ran away when you needed me most made me even more scared . 
 so that 's what i 've been thinking about nonstop , all day , every day , since saturday night . 
 and you want to know what i came up with ? '' 
 he asked , leaning his forehead into mine . 
 at this proximity , his eyes took up my whole field of vision . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i said , almost kissing him because our mouths were that close . 
 `` that it does n't matter why i ran , '' he said , staring at me without blinking , `` because i came back . 
 i 'll always come back , luce . 
 no matter how many rip-roaring fights we have and no matter how many miscommunications we have . 
 i 'll always come back because you 're where i belong . '' 
 `` that 's quite the revelation there , ryder , '' i said . 
 `` you have a lot of those , do n't you ? '' 
 `` i did n't get this far with you without having a good epiphany knock me over the head once in a while . '' 
 `` so , '' i said , `` anything else or can we just kiss and make up now ? '' 
 his forehead left mine . 
 `` one more thing , '' he said , as his face wrinkled . 
 `` are you worried i 'm going to be the kind of dad mine was ? '' 
 i could tell he was trying not to show how hard these words were to get out , but i 'd seen this man through four years of life 's highs and lows . 
 `` i meant what i said saturday , jude , '' i said , trying to erase the worry lines from his face with my fingers . 
 `` that has never been one of my concerns . 
 ever , and you want to know why ? '' 
 i fed him back his line . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because you 're aware of it , because you 're worried about it . 
 that fear of becoming your father will drive you to be the best father you can be , '' i said , watching the first batch of wrinkles vanish from his face . 
 `` you know what would worry me , though ? 
 if you were overwhelmingly confident you could never become him . 
 if you were so positive you could never in a million years be like him , i 'd be worried that kind of confidence would make you lazy . 
 make it that much easier to fall into the traps when the hard times came . '' 
 i stopped to take a breath . 
 i was really on a roll , but i had a lot to say . 
 `` but that 's not how you are , and that 's why i 'm not worried . 
 and , jude ? 
 i would n't pick another man if i had the whole entire world to choose from to be the father of my baby . '' 
 the last remaining wrinkles ironed out . 
 `` dammit , woman , '' he said , `` you keep saying that kind of stuff and i 'm going to shed another tear . '' 
 leaning in , he kissed me again , but this one lasted longer than the last , although it was still too short for my liking . 
 `` so we 're good now ? 
 everything off our chests that needs to be off them ? '' 
 like the twisted guy he was , his eyes drifted to my chest . 
 a wide smile appeared . 
 i shoved him in reply . 
 `` so maybe i 've got one more thing to get off my chest . '' 
 `` there 's always one more thing with you and me . '' 
 `` yeah , but this will tide me over for a while if you agree to it , '' he said , rubbing the back of his neck . 
 `` are you nervous ? '' 
 i said , shocked . 
 the last time i could remember him visibly nervous had been on the fifty-yard line , when he 'd asked me to ... `` marry me , luce , '' he started , blowing out a breath . 
 `` i need to do what i can to make this whole thing right , and the way i know how is to make us a family . '' 
 `` we are a family , baby , '' i said , wondering if he was going to rub the skin raw on that neck of his . 
 `` i know we are , but i want to be the kind that can frame their wedding certificate and hang it above the fireplace , '' he said . 
 `` i want our little girl to have a mom and a dad who are committed to each other , married to each other . 
 i want her to have the stable , nurturing environment i did n't have . 
 i want you to be my wife and me to be your husband for our little girl , luce , but i 'd be lying if i did n't admit i have selfish reasons for wanting to tie the knot with you . '' 
 `` you have a right to be selfish , '' i said , grabbing his hand and pulling it away from his neck . 
 `` you 've been a patient man with me for three years while i kept up the whole ` soon ' thing . '' 
 `` yeah , i do n't think your idea of ` soon ' is going to work , luce . 
 i do n't want our daughter to be old enough to get hitched before we do . '' 
 his nose wrinkled . 
 `` wait . 
 what the hell am i saying ? 
 our daughter is never going to get married . 
 she 's never going to date . 
 in fact , she 's never going to know what a boy even is , because i 'd lose it if she brought home a guy like me . '' 
 i was laughing . 
 the good , real kind that rocked your whole body . 
 i had n't laughed like that in a while . 
 i smiled up at him . 
 `` i 'd be thrilled if she brought home a boy like you one day , '' i said . 
 `` she 'd make her mama proud . '' 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 the whole piece-of-shit-attraction thing ends with you . 
 nothing but the best for my daughter . '' 
 `` okay , okay , '' i said , holding up my hands in surrender , because this was a topic jude and i could go ` round and ` round on for days and no one would ever be declared a winner . 
 `` so when are we getting married ? '' 
 jude 's eyebrows went sky-high . 
 `` wait ... are you saying you 're ready ? 
 like to set a date and send the invites ? '' 
 `` i 'm ready , '' i said , trying not to laugh at his expression . 
 he 'd almost looked as surprised when he 'd found out i was pregnant . 
 `` what are you thinking ? 
 weeks ? 
 months ? '' 
 he was wringing his hands , he was getting so excited . 
 `` we 're at a hospital , are n't we ? '' 
 i said , shrugging . 
 `` there 's got to be a chaplain or a minister or someone who can make us official . '' 
 that look of shock that had been on jude 's face a few seconds ago ? 
 yeah , it had nothing to do with the new one he had on right now . 
 he opened his mouth , but nothing came out . 
 giving his head a rough shake , he tried again . 
 `` are you saying what i think you 're saying ? '' 
 i knew i was crazy , and friends and family would hit the ceiling when they found out , but i 'd blame it on the hormones and the way jude 's eyes were looking at me now . 
 life was about compromise . 
 it was give and take , and with jude and me , i 'd been more take than give in our relationship . 
 he 'd given me everything and would do it all over again . 
 it was my turn to step up to the give plate . 
 whether i married him today or ten years from now , i was marrying jude ryder . 
 it was time for me to let go of my baseless fears and doubts and grab onto what was guaranteed : jude . 
 `` if it involves you and me saying ' i do ' this afternoon , then yeah , i 'm saying what you think i am . '' 
 i 'd never seen him beam the way he was now . 
 `` just when i think i ca n't possibly love you more ... '' `` i go and propose a shotgun wedding at a hospital chapel when i 'm knocked up and wearing a t-shirt and plaid skirt ? '' 
 his smile stretched higher . 
 `` exactly . '' 
 then , before i knew what had happened , jude had me in his arms and was rushing out the door . 
 when we hit the hall , he started running . 
 the heads of nurses and doctors and patients were whipping around to take in the pair of us , laughing and sprinting our way to the chapel . 
 `` we 're getting married ! '' 
 jude shouted in between his laugher . 
 `` holy shit ! '' 
 jude had n't set me down until we 'd made it to the hospital 's chapel on the first floor . 
 he dropped me off at the gift shop , giving me a nice long kiss that made my toes curl in my flats , before jogging off to find the minister . 
 or the pastor . 
 or the priest . 
 or whoever had the ability to marry us . 
 we did n't care . 
 i walked up to the gift shop counter , hoping they 'd have something that would work as a temporary wedding ring until i could find a suitable one . 
 my prayers were answered . 
 there were several brushed-titanium bands in the display case . 
 perfect . 
 i asked the woman behind the counter if i could see one , and , after trying three of them on my finger to compare , i was fairly sure i 'd found the one that would fit jude . 
 it was a whopping thirty dollars , and after assuring the saleslady i did n't need it gift-wrapped because it would be sliding onto a finger in hopefully less than ten minutes , i rushed to the chapel . 
 i scanned up and down the hall , but did n't see jude , so i shoved through the door and found who i 'd been looking for . 
 standing in front of an altar . 
 there was a smile on his face that made me think things that could probably get me struck down by lightning for having them in a church . 
 he 'd tucked in his white undershirt , but that was as formal as the occasion got . 
 i was no better . 
 i had n't even made a stop in the women 's restroom to run a comb through my hair or dot on a bit of lip gloss . 
 that was part of the beauty of today . 
 part of the beauty of jude and me . 
 we came as we were , minus the frills and the fluff , accepting each other as-is . 
 `` hello , my beautiful , blushing bride , '' jude said , nodding his head behind him . 
 `` i wrangled us up a priest . '' 
 an elderly man wearing his white collar and a smile stood behind what looked to be more a podium than an altar . 
 `` and a witness . '' 
 he motioned to a middle-aged man sporting scrubs sitting in the front-row pew . 
 `` did you find a ring ? '' 
 i held up my thumb , where the band dangled from it . 
 `` all that 's left is a couple of signatures and ' i do 's , then , '' jude said , inclining his head , encouraging me to walk up the aisle . 
 throwing my shoulders back and putting on a dramatic face , i held an imaginary bouquet of flowers in front of me and started my left-together , right-together march down toward the man i was about to promise forever to . 
 `` baaa-bum-ba-bum , '' jude sang in a low voice , `` ba-bum-ba-bummm . '' 
 even at a slow walk , i was in front of him before he 'd finished singing . 
 `` did n't i tell you , father joe ? '' 
 jude said , fitting his hand against my cheek . 
 `` is n't she the most beautiful thing you 've ever seen ? '' 
 father joe 's warm smile grew . 
 `` i 'd say you 're a very lucky young man . '' 
 `` hell yes , i am ... '' jude 's voice trailed off as he gave the priest a sheepish smile . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 father joe just chuckled and folded his hands in front of him . 
 `` shall we get started ? '' 
 `` hel - '' jude caught himself this time . 
 `` you bet . '' 
 `` thank you for marrying us , '' i said . 
 `` i bet you do n't get too many shotgun weddings in a place like this . '' 
 father joe leaned in like he was telling me a secret . 
 `` you 'd be surprised . '' 
 `` this is your last chance to run away screaming , luce , '' jude said , holding his hands out for mine . 
 i studied the door before turning to him . 
 i grabbed his hands . 
 `` how about once we 're done here , we run away together ? '' 
 `` deal , '' he answered , nodding his head at father joe . 
 `` mr. ryder said he 'd like to keep the vows brief , '' father joe started . 
 i chuckled . 
 `` of course he did . '' 
 `` if that 's all right with you , miss larson . '' 
 `` whoa . '' 
 jude 's eyes widened . 
 `` do you realize that 's the last time you 're going to be miss larson ? '' 
 `` yeah , that 's kinda the reason i 'm standing here , '' i said , laughing at the irony that our wedding was just as unconventional as our entire relationship . 
 `` and yes , father joe , i 'm just fine with keeping things brief . '' 
 `` something tells me the two of you have quite the dynamic relationship , '' father joe said , his eyes sparkling . 
 jude and i looked at each other and smiled . 
 `` you have no idea , '' we said in unison . 
 father joe cleared his throat and angled himself toward jude . 
 `` son , repeat after me - '' `` oh , i 'm good , father , '' jude said , raising his hand . 
 `` i memorized the vows a while back . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i should n't have been surprised . 
 `` i never knew when i was going to finally wear you down , and had to be ready for whenever that moment occurred , '' he said . 
 i stood up on my toes and planted a kiss on his lips . 
 `` just when i think i ca n't fall any more in love with you . '' 
 he winked and blew a slow rush of air out of his mouth . 
 `` i , jude ryder jamieson , take you , luce roslyn larson '' - i bit my lip to keep from smiling - `` to be my wife , to have and to hold from this day forward , for better or for worse , for richer , for poorer , in sickness and in health , to love and to cherish-until death do us part . '' 
 he blew out another long breath . 
 `` how was that ? '' 
 `` pretty much the most romantic thing you 've ever said to me , '' i replied . 
 `` very well done , son , '' father joe said before angling in my direction . 
 `` lucy , would you like to repeat after me , or did you memorize the vows as well ? '' 
 `` i 've got this , father , '' i said , squeezing jude 's hands . 
 amazingly , neither of our hands were clammy . 
 neither one of us was nervous about making promises of forever to the other . 
 `` i , luce roslyn larson '' - now it was jude 's turn to keep from smiling - `` take you , jude ryder jamieson , to be my husband , to have and to hold from this day forward , for better or worse , for richer , for poorer , in sickness and in health , to love and to cherish-until death do us part . '' 
 as i finished my vows , i wondered what had taken me so long to get here . 
 what had i been so worried about waiting for ? 
 jude was just as much mine now as he had been then . 
 a simple exchange of vows should n't change anything . 
 but as i stood here before him now after exchanging our vows , it kind of changed everything , too . 
 `` i understand you have rings you 'd like to use ? '' 
 `` we do , '' jude answered , slipping something from his pocket . 
 it was a tiny silver band . 
 a wedding band with three alternating gemstones . 
 it looked like he 'd been hoping for this moment when he got dressed today . 
 holding my left hand in his , he positioned the finger above my ring finger . 
 `` these stones represent you and me , luce , and our little girl , '' he said . 
 `` emerald for your birthday , ruby for mine , and amethyst for the month she 's supposed to be born . 
 i wanted it to be special , you know ? '' 
 he 'd put a serious amount of thought into this one ring . 
 `` i know , '' i said , fighting the lump in my throat . 
 `` it 's beautiful , jude . '' 
 he slid the ring down my finger . 
 `` with this ring , i thee wed. '' the wedding band with the three members of my family 's birthstones sparkled above the engagement ring i 'd worn solo for three years . 
 it was happy to have its mate . 
 i had to wipe my eyes before i grabbed his left hand . 
 `` mine 's not nearly as thoughtful , but it 'll work . 
 for now . '' 
 `` it 'll work forever , '' he said , admiring the band . 
 as i slid the ring down his finger , i realized it would work forever . 
 it suited him . 
 `` with this ring , i thee wed. '' father joe looked between us . 
 `` and now , by the power vested in me , i hereby declare you husband and wife . 
 you may - '' `` yeah , father , '' jude said , wrapping his arms around me and pulling me close . 
 `` i memorized this part , too . '' 
 his mouth covered mine , and he kissed me . 
 it was a bit like our first kiss , timid and hungry , and a little like it would be our last kiss , slow and consuming . 
 my first kiss as a married woman was pretty damn amazing . 
 only when we had to surface for air did jude 's lips leave mine . 
 he sighed . 
 `` finally . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i said , kissing his scar . 
 `` finally . '' 
 `` congratulations , '' father joe said , his eyes still sparkling . 
 `` be good to each other . '' 
 giving us one last smile , he backed away from the podium and headed out of the chapel , along with our silent witness . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 i asked , tugging him toward the door . 
 `` now that you 've made an honest woman out of me , what have you got in mind next ? '' 
 `` we should probably get that official wedding license thing so i can hang it on the wall , '' he said , grinning ear to ear . 
 `` we 're as official as you and me need to be , '' i said , `` but a framed wedding certificate would be a nice touch to the ryder family home . '' 
 wherever that home would be . 
 we were in something of a tbd state in the home department . 
 `` but when i asked ` what now ' i was referring to the next few hours future , not the next few days future . '' 
 `` in that case ... how about a nice dinner ? 
 candles ? 
 a bottle of champagne , '' he said , catching himself . 
 `` or a bottle of sparkling water ? '' 
 shoving through the door , i pulled him along . 
 `` dinner sounds good , '' i said , pulling him faster down the hall , until we 'd passed the elevators and nurses ' desk . 
 `` but i 've got a better idea . '' 
 pausing at the last door at the end of the hall , i slid inside and gave it a quick once-over . 
 it was empty , and had a lock on the door and a freshly made hospital bed against the window . 
 `` i 'm all for better ideas , luce , '' jude said as i pulled him inside , `` but what does sneaking into a hospital room have to do with it ? '' 
 locking the door behind us , i shoved him up against the wall . 
 `` this , '' i said , kissing him . 
 hard . 
 `` better idea , '' he said in between my frantic lips . 
 my hands grabbed the hem of my shirt and tugged it over my head . 
 `` much better idea . '' 
 his shirt was the next one off , and then his fingers were releasing my bra . 
 his hands skimmed around the front , covering my br ** sts . 
 `` shit , luce . '' 
 jude pulled away from me , and his eyes dropped to where his hands had just been . 
 they widened . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 `` being pregnant has its advantages , '' i said , glancing down where my baby cs had blossomed into full-on ds in the wake of baby making . 
 `` hell yes , it does , '' he said , lifting his hands back into position . 
 `` plus , i 've got increased sex drive , '' i added with a wink . 
 `` we 're talking crazed , panting , do-me-in-the-morning-afternoon-and-evening kind of increased sex drive . '' 
 `` if i do n't get inside you soon , i 'm going to bust something , '' he said , lifting me up and beelining for the bed . 
 `` your huge tits and your dirty mouth are doing a number on me . '' 
 `` well , you 'd better hurry then , '' i said , kissing his neck as my hand slid inside the front of his pants . 
 `` shit , baby , i 'm serious . '' 
 he groaned when my hand tightened around him . 
 `` so am i , '' i replied , gliding my hand down him . 
 then he had me on the bed and was crawling into the space between my legs . 
 his face took on a serious expression all of a sudden . 
 `` can we be doing this ? '' 
 he said , still breathing heavily . 
 `` with you being pregnant and all ? '' 
 if we did n't do this i was fairly sure i 'd burst into flames . 
 i grabbed the top button of his jeans and tugged it free . 
 `` does it seem weird to you that you want to abstain from the act that made the baby because of the baby ? '' 
 i made quick work of his zipper . 
 `` you 're talking over my head again , '' he said . 
 `` then why do n't you just shut up and make love to your wife already ? '' 
 grabbing the waist of his jeans , i tugged them down . 
 `` okay . '' 
 his fingers slid inside my panties and he pulled them down my legs . 
 the skirt would have to stay , because i could n't wait any longer . 
 `` let 's see how mrs. ryder is in bed . '' 
 hovering over me , jude braced his arms around me and lowered his chest until it smashed against mine . 
 a stupid little grin formed on his face . 
 `` i think i can get used to these things , luce . '' 
 i lifted my h * ps until i could feel him hard against me . 
 `` enough talking . 
 not enough screwing . '' 
 his dopey smile morphed into something else when he pushed himself inside me . 
 i 'd been so ready for him he sank all the way in . 
 his mouth dropped to my neck , sucking the sensitive skin into his mouth , torturing me with each slow kiss as he stayed unmoving . 
 `` be nice , '' i said , trying to flex my h * ps against his , but he had me pinned . 
 i was at his mercy . 
 `` i 'm your wife , after all . '' 
 jude gave my neck one final nip before his face moved above mine . 
 `` when you put it that way , '' he said , staring hard into my eyes as he slid back-and , just when i thought he was pulling out all the way , he thrust back inside . 
 my arm flailed to the side , winding around the metal bedrail for support . 
 it appeared that along with increased sex drive came a decreased thrust count until orgasm . 
 my other hand dug into his backside , curling into his flesh as he pulsed in and out of me . 
 `` i ca n't wait , baby . '' 
 i moaned as he rocked inside me again , already feeling my cli ** x coming on . 
 `` i ca n't either , '' he panted , picking up his pace until my moans came at the same time as his low groan . 
 his fingers wove through mine on the bedrail as i pulsed around him . 
 wrapping his arms around me , jude rolled over and cradled me to him . 
 his breathing was just as labored as mine as our chests rose and fell to the same count . 
 `` i love you , luce ryder , '' he breathed , running his fingers up and down my back . 
 `` i love you , jude ryder . '' 
 i looked up at him . 
 `` so ... how was mrs. ryder in bed ? '' 
 that same stupid smile broke over his face . 
 `` fucking fantastic . '' 
 i chuckled into the crook of his arm . 
 `` good thing . 
 since you 're going to be stuck making love to her until you shrivel up and die . '' 
 `` good thing , '' he said , sounding happy , satisfied , and tired . 
 that was a powerful combo . 
 `` so , mr. jude ryder . '' 
 i lifted my head from his chest and pretended to talk into a microphone ceremoniously . 
 `` you just got hitched at the age of twenty-one , will be changing your baby 's diapers before you turn twenty-two , and just had your honeymoon on a hospital bed . '' 
 i held out the imaginary mike . 
 `` how do you feel ? '' 
 `` like the luckiest damn bastard in the world . '' 
 i could relate . 
 `` well put , '' i said . 
 `` very convincing . '' 
 he ran his fingers through my hair and stared at me like i was the most special thing in the world to him . 
 `` i must be convincing . 
 i got you to say yes a few minutes ago , did n't i ? '' 
 i thought of all the ways he 'd gotten me to a yes . 
 that first day at the beach , when i 'd known he was n't good for me but could n't stay away . 
 that morning at my locker , when he 'd gotten me to say yes to going to homecoming with him . 
 his proposal at the fifty-yard line in front of fifty thousand fans . 
 and finally , at the altar becoming his wife , when i could n't say yes fast enough . 
 `` yeah , jude , '' i said . 
 `` you sure did . '' 
 epilogue jude was at the fifty-yard line again , being cheered on by tens of thousands of fans , but this time it was a few games into his second season playing for the chargers . 
 i was still in the front-and-center seat , cheering along with the rest of the fans . 
 but this time our wiggling , cooing six-month-old baby girl was on my lap . 
 no surprise she 'd had her own agenda when it came to what day she wanted to come out and meet the big world . 
 jude and i were her parents , after all . 
 she was born three weeks early , and i do n't know if jude breathed the entire twelve hours of my delivery . 
 but he never left my side . 
 when she finally came out , jude could barely look away from her long enough to cut the cord . 
 he 'd cried his second tear that day . 
 and his third , and maybe even a fourth when the doctor said our girl was perfectly healthy . 
 after fall semester , i moved out to san diego to be with jude . 
 to have our baby and figure out our future . 
 after she was born , life had been crazy , but i 'd just enrolled in a few courses at a local college that would count toward my degree , so , slowly but surely , i 'd get it done . 
 finishing my degree was more a matter of pride and stubborn resolve . 
 we 'd named our little girl annalise marie ryder . 
 it was n't a family name ; nor had we agonized over selecting just the right meaning . 
 jude had fallen in love with the name one night when we 'd been scanning baby-name books , like , really fallen in love with it . 
 i knew he would have backed down if i said i did n't like it or wanted a different name , but jude had a grand total of zero blood relatives in his life anymore . 
 he 'd earned the right to name the little girl who was half his dna and would be forever in his life . 
 so annalise marie it was . 
 she looked like me , but had her daddy 's gray eyes , and could form expressions at six months that were eerily identical to jude 's . 
 speaking of a certain mr. ryder ... jude got into position , ready for the hike . 
 i was about to pop up and jump and cheer with a fifteen-pound annalise bundle when someone tapped me from the side . 
 `` can i hold her , aunt luce ? '' 
 lj had grown into a not-so-little man in a year 's time . 
 he and holly still lived in the old apartment back in white plains , but now thomas lived there , too . 
 he 'd proposed last month and they were tying the knot this winter . 
 we did n't get to see them as often as i 'd have liked , but they made it out a few times a year to come to one of jude 's games or to play at the beach , and we did our best to make it back east . 
 `` sure , lj , '' i said , setting annalise on his lap , but keeping my hands close by . 
 `` she 's a little mover and shaker , so hang on tight . '' 
 `` i will , '' he said , winding both arms tight around her middle . 
 of course , she calmed down almost right away now that cousin lj had her . 
 the stadium was loud from the start to the end of the game . 
 to help muffle some of that noise on baby ears , annalise had her own special knit beanie she wore to every game . 
 unlike jude 's , hers was pink , and she had a handful of chargers outfits she rocked along with the jersey i wore . 
 i stayed seated next to lj just in case annalise decided to take a flying leap from his arms , and waved down the row at sybill , who was wrestling her own four kiddos . 
 `` i got ta tell you , lucy , '' holly said , elbowing me from the other side , `` that little beach house jude got you for a wedding present is pretty fantastic . 
 just so you know , lj , thomas , and i are considering making the second floor our winter home . 
 you guys would n't mind , right ? '' 
 since we were playing the elbowing game , i gave her one of mine . 
 `` no , we would n't mind . 
 as long as lj does n't pee on all of my plants and thomas picks up his dirty underwear . '' 
 `` yeah , i do n't see that ever happening , '' she said . 
 `` darn , i guess it will just be me ! '' 
 i laughed , knowing she was partly serious-not about leaving lj and thomas , but about moving . 
 they always stayed with us whenever they flew out , since we had the room , and the beach for our backyard , and when it came to holly , thomas , and lj , it was truly the more , the merrier . 
 dad and mom made it down to see us a bunch , too . 
 something about having a baby in the family was especially motivating . 
 as a wedding present , jude had surprised me with the keys to that beach house i 'd wanted to rent for the holidays . 
 except instead of renting , we owned . 
 so we got to stay in it for the holidays last year , and we 'll get to stay in it every holiday after that . 
 jude had even sold his souped-up truck and had his old piecer totally rebuilt . 
 i could n't call it a pos anymore , because it was gorgeous . 
 `` how 's the dance studio coming along ? '' 
 holly asked as she watched the field . 
 jude had called a last-minute time-out and was deep in a huddle with his teammates . 
 `` great . 
 the dance floor goes in this week and then it 's pretty much done , '' i said , rummaging through the diaper bag for annalise 's teething giraffe she liked to gnaw on . 
 `` i 've already got a list of dancers enrolled . '' 
 `` those poor kids are going to go home crying after spending an hour in class with you as their teacher , '' she said , smirking over at me . 
 `` why do n't you enroll in my adult class and i 'll make sure i send you home crying , '' i replied , mirroring her smirk . 
 `` nah , '' she said , nudging thomas beside her . 
 `` tights and ballet shoes are for men . '' 
 `` damn straight , baby , '' he said , pulling her close and kissing her full on the lips . 
 i laughed , and checked the field . 
 they were out of the huddle and getting back into position . 
 as yet another wedding present , jude had purchased an old , run-down building in an artsy part of the city . 
 he put me in charge of the design and renovation for its transformation . 
 while i was finishing up fall semester , the dance studio came together . 
 i 'd made some solid progress with my money-issues thing . 
 jude had promised me that the money and the fame would n't change him , and he 'd been right . 
 he still swaggered around in his cons and levi 's and drank cheap beer , but , most important , he still looked at me like i was his whole world . 
 his eyes still went soft when he said , `` i love you , '' and he did n't hesitate to help change a tire for some stranger stranded on the side of the road . 
 so jude was still jude , i was still me , and we were still us . 
 about the only thing that had changed was our bank account , just like he 'd promised . 
 in between rooting for my favorite football team and changing diapers , i was still hell-bent on working in some sort of capacity , but i 'd come to realize i wanted to work not so much because i needed to make my own money , but because i wanted to make a difference . 
 pairing that desire with my obsession for dance ... well , the dance studio was the result . 
 the knowledge that one day i could possibly influence a young girl the way madame fontaine had influenced me felt like it was the cherry on top of a very fulfilling sundae . 
 `` go , uncle jude , '' lj said , careful not to shout with annalise in his arms . 
 `` here , buddy , '' i said , reaching for her . 
 `` let me take her so you can get up and bounce and scream for uncle jude . 
 you know he can hear you out there , right ? '' 
 `` i know , '' lj said importantly , letting me take annalise . 
 `` come here , sweet girl . 
 let 's cheer for your daddy . '' 
 kissing annalise 's head , i stood up just as the center hiked the ball . 
 jude did n't even fake a pass ; he just cradled that ball against himself and sprinted for the end zone . 
 i held my breath as everyone around the arena exploded . 
 when he 'd hit the ten i let myself exhale . 
 he was going to do it . 
 when his foot landed in the end zone , the roof felt like it was going to blow off the place from the noise . 
 i just stood there and grinned down at him . 
 he was still a show-off . 
 dropping the ball , he turned and jogged down the sidelines . 
 he high-fived a few of his teammates in passing , but he could n't be stopped . 
 coming to a pause in front of us , he grinned up . 
 `` that one was for my girls , '' he said , sliding his helmet off . 
 `` and consider your girls sufficiently impressed , '' i shouted , leaning forward . 
 annalise was really wriggling now that she 'd caught sight of her daddy . 
 she was smiling and making spit bubbles from her excitement . 
 `` come here , baby girl , '' he said , lifting his arms . 
 i surrendered her to his strong hands . 
 `` you want to see the best seat in the house ? '' 
 annalise jolted , shaking her baby arms . 
 she was such a daddy 's girl . 
 `` okay , okay . '' 
 he laughed , tucking her close to him . 
 `` but first i got to get a little something-something from your mama . '' 
 smiling that smile of his that made my stomach drop , he tilted his head up at me . 
 leaning down , i kissed him and , no different from the first time we 'd done this , the rest of the world faded away . 
 it was just jude and me and our little girl . 
 it was what you 'd call something of a full-circle moment . 
 `` love you , luce , '' he said , after annalise 's little hand had poked up between our mouths . 
 she 'd grabbed onto jude 's lower lip and was n't letting go . 
 `` love you , jude . '' 
 turning around , jude carried annalise out onto the field . 
 he did n't stop until he came to the middle of the fifty-yard line . 
 cradling her in his arms , he did a slow spin . 
 cameras were flashing , fans were screaming , and it was controlled anarchy , but i knew there was no one else but jude and his little girl out there right now to him . 
 as i watched them , i felt the same thing . 
 we were in our own bubble , and it was a good one . 
 my life was n't how i planned it would be . 
 it was n't even close . 
 it was a thousand times better . 
 sybill had been right : the few things i 'd sacrificed , or put on hold , to be with my husband and baby were worth it . 
 that broken boy on the beach seemed like a lifetime ago . 
 years had passed , college and the nfl , marriage and a baby , but every once in a while , when jude looked over at me and gave me that slow , knowing smile of his , i was that girl in a black string bikini all over again , longing for a boy i never thought could be mine . 
