 1 `` for the last time , no , i will not meet you in the supply closet , '' i hissed into the phone as lucah tried , once again , to convince me to sneak away from my desk for a mid-afternoon tryst . 
 `` you do n't seem to understand the fact that if either of us does something like that and gets caught , we 're both out on our asses . 
 and i do n't have a back-up job as a corporate spy . '' 
 `` i 'm not a corporate spy , '' he said in his grumpy voice . 
 i could just picture his face , even though his desk is no longer right across from mine . 
 i glanced up at lilia , my new assistant . 
 she was staring at her computer but as soon as she felt my gaze on her , terror bloomed in her eyes . 
 yeah , she was a little afraid of me . 
 `` look , i 'll see you in a few hours . 
 if there 's no one in the elevator , you can totally grope me . '' 
 i had to compromise . 
 he sighed heavily . 
 `` it 's not the same , but i guess i can live with it . 
 see you later , sunshine . '' 
 `` bye , mr. blythe . '' 
 i hung up and could n't help the smile that spread across my face . 
 that man made me so damn happy , sometimes it was hard to breathe . 
 a timid knock at the door broke me out of my happy love haze and i looked up to find lilia hovering just outside of the door . 
 i took a deep breath and tried to remember that she was young and she was new , and i had to be patient . 
 clarke enterprises was embarking on an intense public relations campaign to rehab our image after several of our employees were caught embezzling money and using it to fund a drug business . 
 so we cleaned house and hired on a bunch of college students as interns , including lilia . 
 her resume had been the best , but she 'd sort of bombed the interview . 
 still , i wanted to give her a chance , so here we were . 
 `` miss clarke ? 
 i have those new codes of conduct for you to sign off on . '' 
 her voice was midway between a whisper and a squeak . 
 in spite of being twenty-two , but she looked much younger , with large brown eyes and a nose that was too small for her face . 
 but that girl knew how to dress , which was one of the things that made me hire her . 
 she could give sloane a run for her money in her navy jumper with a white shirt underneath and a little shrug on top . 
 her shoes were also fabulous , and i 'd often found myself wondering if we were the same size so i could borrow them . 
 `` great , thank you lilia . 
 if you just want to put them here , i 'll get to them when i can . '' 
 now that lucah was no longer my assistant , i was quickly realizing how much he actually did for me , a lot of it without me even knowing . 
 i 'd been trying to train lilia to do things the way i wanted , but it was slow going . 
 i may also have lost my patience with her a few times , which helped to increase her abject terror when she was in my presence . 
 i gave her a smile , but that did n't change the deer-in-the-headlights look she still had on her face . 
 maybe it was just that her eyes were so big . 
 i should probably stop staring at her . 
 `` did you need something else ? '' 
 i tried to make my voice as soft as i could . 
 as if i was talking to a baby or a scared animal . 
 `` no . 
 um , yes . 
 i was just thinking that maybe i could start flagging your emails at three levels ? 
 yellow , orange and red ? 
 then you could deal with the absolute most important and work your way down . '' 
 i was stunned for a moment . 
 firstly , i remembered lucah doing almost the exact same thing when he started working for me , and second , that was an excellent idea and i was ticked i had n't already thought of it . 
 `` oh . 
 yeah . 
 that 's a great idea , lilia . 
 if you would n't mind doing that it would help me out so much . '' 
 `` oh . 
 great . 
 thank you , miss clarke . '' 
 she turned to go back to her desk . 
 `` lilia ? '' 
 she almost cringed , as if i was going to smack her . 
 jesus christ . 
 `` if you have any other ideas like that , please do n't hesitate to come to me with them . 
 it 's a really good idea . '' 
 miracle of miracles , she cracked the tiniest of smiles . 
 there was hope for her yet . 
 my phone rang and she scuttled back to her desk . 
 i looked at the caller id before i picked up , and that caused me to roll my eyes . 
 `` can i help you mr. blythe ? '' 
 `` just hear me out ... '' i closed my eyes . 
 he was relentless . 
 `` well hello , mr. blythe . 
 fancy meeting you here at the elevators . '' 
 i put on a mask of shock . 
 as if i were surprised to see him on my floor . 
 `` why , miss clarke . 
 it 's as much a shock to me as it is to you . 
 shall we ride down together ? '' 
 he reached for the down button and i fought to keep a straight face . 
 only a few people knew lucah and i were together and i wanted to keep it that way . 
 there were definitely people who would use it to try to get rid of me . 
 `` why mr. blythe , what a splendid idea . '' 
 he pushed the button and we waited for the door to open . 
 touching or kissing was out of the question , no matter how much both of us wanted to . 
 we kept a strict three-foot space between us . 
 it was almost sexier that way . 
 i could feel the desire building already and i knew that neither of us was going to get much sleep tonight . 
 both of us had been so stressed with work lately , and with the addition of lucah 's disaster of a brother , ryder , some nights we came home and just collapsed in bed . 
 like an old married couple . 
 maybe i should start putting my hair in rollers at night , and lucah should start reading mysteries with bifocals . 
 the elevator opened and we both heaved a sigh of relief when it was empty . 
 `` after you , miss clarke , '' he said , gesturing to the blissfully empty elevator . 
 `` thank you , mr. blythe . '' 
 as soon as the doors clicked closed , that three feet of space was gone . 
 `` hello , miss clarke . '' 
 lucah said into my mouth . 
 `` hello , mr. blythe . '' 
 his entire body pressed against me , and my skin ignited under my clothes . 
 clothes . 
 such pesky things . 
 always getting in the way . 
 our mouths started a feverish dance of lips and tongues and sometimes clashing teeth and noses . 
 i did n't care , he did n't care , it was all about getting close , close , closer . 
 but there was something else in his mouth that i was n't used to having there during working hours . 
 i pulled back to look at him . 
 of course , he had been waiting for that . 
 slowly , he stuck his tongue out . 
 it took me a second to see , but he 'd replaced his silver tongue barbell with a clear plastic one that was only visible close up . 
 i tried to touch it , but he sucked his tongue back into his mouth . 
 `` are n't we clever ? '' 
 i said as his hands roamed all over my back and under my skirt . 
 my hands were on his chest , and i could just barely feel his nipple ring through his jacket and dress shirt . 
 my rebel in a suit . 
 `` i 'm ready for you , sunshine . '' 
 he grabbed my ass and yanked me close , and he was ready . 
 `` do you want me inside you ? '' 
 he growled in my ear , grinding his hips against me . 
 `` no , not really , '' i said , trying to make my voice nonchalant , which was very hard to do when he was rubbing right where i wanted him most . 
 god , i could come from just this . 
 he laughed in my ear and moved his hand deftly under up my skirt and past my panties . 
 `` liar . '' 
 he brought his fingers out and held them up . 
 they were coated with my desire . 
 the elevator dinged , announcing we were at the ground floor . 
 lucah stepped away from me , but at the same time , he slid his fingers into his mouth . 
 fuck , that was hot . 
 i pretended to glare at him , but he just winked and took his fingers out of his mouth and gestured to the open doors . 
 `` shall we ? '' 
 yes , we shall . 
 we maintained the three-foot distance until we were out of the building and on neutral ground . 
 as soon as our feet hit the sidewalk , he picked me up so our faces were level , which required a lot of lifting on his part . 
 `` hi , '' he said , giving me a kiss . 
 `` hi , '' i said back , and he set me down , taking my hand as we walked down the sidewalk . 
 it was officially lucah and rory time . 
 `` so how was your day , dear ? '' 
 he said as i leaned against his shoulder . 
 the weather was warm , but i still snuggled close to him as if he was protecting me from a chilly wind . 
 `` well , lilia smiled when i gave her a compliment . 
 that was something . '' 
 he gasped dramatically . 
 `` i did n't know she had it in her . 
 she must be warming up to you . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` we ca n't have that . 
 i 'm a stone cold bitch . 
 and do n't you forget it . '' 
 he stopped me and gave me a loud kiss on my cheek . 
 `` i did n't believe it for a second . '' 
 i stuck my un-pierced tongue out at him . 
 `` how was your day , my darling ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` well , i am working on a very secret project that i ca n't even tell you about . 
 i 've been sworn to silence . '' 
 i gave him a look and he pretended to zip his lips . 
 `` i 'm a vice president . 
 you ca n't hide things from me , lucah blythe . 
 i have eyes and ears . '' 
 my father was also the president and ceo , so that helped with eyes and ears thing . 
 `` why , miss clarke , are you trying to intimidate me into giving up corporate secrets ? 
 that is very against the new rules i just happened to catch a glimpse of . '' 
 `` how in the hell did you know about that ? '' 
 `` i have my own eyes and ears . '' 
 `` mrs. andrews ? '' 
 he lifted his chin in the air and turned his head away from me . 
 `` i will never reveal my sources . 
 you forget that i once worked as a corporate spy . 
 i know how to keep a secret and find information that other people do n't want me to know . '' 
 it was true . 
 he had lying skills that i could never hope to acquire . 
 it worried me , but only sometimes . 
 he 'd been so open with me about everything since he 'd told me what he was doing at clarke enterprises and who he really was . 
 it was almost a shock after him being so secretive for so long . 
 we took the t back to our -lrb- i still got flutters every time i thought about it -rrb- apartment . 
 after groping each other in the elevator , i was fully ready and prepared for a long night of making love , hopefully with a shower , sleep and some food thrown in between . 
 but as soon as i had gotten the door unlocked and open , and he had shoved me against the counter in the kitchen , there was a frantic knock . 
 lucah and i paused , mid-kiss , and his hand paused as it was lifting my leg up to wrap it around his waist . 
 `` i know you guys are in there , and i 'm praying that you are n't mid-coitus . 
 but if you are , remove your penis from my bff , lucah , and open the damn door . '' 
 lucah and i stared at each other and i suppressed the urge to groan . 
 sloane had been so good when we 'd lived together about giving lucah and me alone time , and even making us dinner , but since we 'd moved down the hall , things had been very different . 
 `` if we do n't let her in , she 'll never go away , '' he whispered in my ear as his fingers tickled my thigh . 
 yeah , did n't i know it . 
 we 'd tried ignoring her once when we had been mid-coitus and she had just blown up both of our phones and knocked until lucah had pulled out , we 'd adjusted our clothes and let her in . 
 `` hello , former best friend , '' i said as i opened the door . 
 she just held up a bottle of champagne and walked in . 
 granted , we did use to live together , but that had changed a few weeks ago . 
 i 'd threatened to revoke her key privileges , but she just told me she 'd made a ton of copies . 
 `` hello , sloane , '' lucah said , leaning against the counter . 
 at least he did n't have a hard-on this time . 
 maybe he 'd gotten better at getting rid of it . 
 turn it on , turn it off . 
 penis up , penis down . 
 `` look , i know you two are just about to have a night full of crazy sex that rory will regale me with later , but i came with a peace offering . '' 
 she held out the bottle in both hands and bowed over it , as if she was giving us a precious gift . 
 `` it 's the last bottle of '96 dom a client sent me . 
 i saved it special for you . 
 and i also wanted to tell you that i will , from here on out , give you your space . 
 another gift from me to you . '' 
 i took the bottle from her and went to find a bottle opener . 
 i 'd had to pretty much re-buy every utensil in my kitchen , because most of them had been sloane 's and she 'd kept them in our old place . 
 `` what 's up , ginger ? '' 
 lucah ignored her and went to the cabinet to get glasses , but he brought three down . 
 he might complain about her interrupting us , but he was always kind to her . 
 yet another reason i loved him . 
 i could n't say the same for sloane , but i loved her anyway . 
 `` not a whole lot , what 's new with you ? '' 
 he was fishing to see if she 'd had any contact with his brother . 
 sparks had nearly ignited the building when they 'd met a few weeks ago when ryder came to help lucah and me move down the hall . 
 i 'd warned lucah about it , and he 'd been skeptical until he 'd seen them in action . 
 sloane had even tried to get me to invite him to the company ball , but i put my foot down on that one . 
 since then , i had n't heard any mention of his name , and lucah said that ryder had n't said anything to him either . 
 `` nothing . 
 just swamped with work . 
 i have some new things i was thinking that our girl could wear . '' 
 lucah 's eyes lit up . 
 this was one thing that lucah and sloane saw eye-to-eye on . 
 me wearing her sexy lingerie . 
 i popped the cork on the champagne and poured us all glasses . 
 my stomach rumbled , but i 'd have to deal with it . 
 as if reading my mind , sloane went to the fridge , pulled out some cheese and then got some crackers and a plate . 
 when it came to food , she did most of the grocery shopping for herself and then for lucah and me . 
 things would just appear in my fridge that i did n't buy , and she would plead innocence . 
 pretty sure she thought that if she did n't monitor my eating , i would be reduced to starving , or eating chips because i could n't function without her . 
 `` thanks , '' i said as she handed me a cracker sandwich . 
 `` i 'm making steak skewers with aioli and an arugula salad with grilled pears and creme fraiche over at my place . 
 it should be done in a few minutes . '' 
 she said the whole thing with a smirk . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 i said , taking a swallow of the champagne . 
 it was crisp and delicious . 
 i knew the significance of the vintage , and they had n't been lying . 
 i wanted to just grab the bottle and drink the rest of it myself . 
 `` i do n't want a thing , '' she said , popping a cube of cheese into her mouth . 
 `` i just ... have a proposition for you . 
 and for you , actually . '' 
 she turned to lucah , and he raised one eyebrow . 
 i had no idea what she was talking about , but i had the feeling i was n't going to like it , and neither was lucah . 
 `` so , your brother needs a job , correct ? '' 
 that was all she needed to say for me to know what she wanted . 
 `` no , '' i said and lucah shook his head and swallowed some of the champagne . 
 `` no to what ? 
 you have n't even heard my idea ! '' 
 `` i can pretty much figure out your idea , and the answer is no , '' i said . 
 i glanced at lucah . 
 back me up here . 
 `` i do n't need your permission , '' she said , draining the glass of champagne . 
 `` no , you do n't , sloane . 
 but that 's not the way to get what you want , '' lucah finally said . 
 `` how do you know what i want ? 
 can you read my mind ? '' 
 sloane snapped , pouring more of the champagne . 
 oh , crap . 
 this was not going to end well . 
 sloane liked to get her way . 
 `` no , but i know the effect my brother can have . 
 i 've seen it many times , and i 've seen what happens when that initial spark dies out . 
 he 's not very nice , my brother , and he needs to figure his shit out . 
 this is not the solution . '' 
 his speech was met with silence from sloane . 
 `` it was just a suggestion . '' 
 she acted like a pouty teenager , and it was completely out of character for her . 
 i wondered if this had anything to do with the conversation we 'd had not that long ago about her being afraid that she was going to end up alone . 
 i also had the suspicion that lucah and me moving in together had something to do with her extremely petulant and childish behavior . 
 just a hunch . 
 `` i have to go check on dinner , '' she said and left , taking her champagne glass with her . 
 `` that went well , '' i said , finishing my glass and pouring some more . 
 the bottle was almost empty . 
 so much for savoring the vintage . 
 `` it 'll be for the best , in the long run . 
 he 'd break her , and i could n't stand to see that happen . 
 she 's too good for him . '' 
 it was n't that lucah had such a low opinion of his brother . 
 ryder 's track record spoke for itself . 
 lucah had filled me in on more of the dirty details , and most of the stories were shocking . 
 ryder had done it all . 
 sex , drugs and rock and roll , leaving a trail of heartbroken women in his wake . 
 one had even killed herself when he 'd broken up with her . 
 she 'd been severely depressed and on drugs at the time . 
 drugs he 'd sold her . 
 and there was more . 
 so much more . 
 it would be so much easier of sloane was a teenager and i was her mother . 
 then i could lock her in her room . 
 but maybe i could lock her in her apartment ... `` but if she 's determined to have him , in whatever sense , there is nothing we can do about it . 
 god , i wish i could ship him off to military school , '' lucah said . 
 this had been happening increasingly more often . 
 i would think something and then he would say nearly the same thing out loud . 
 sometimes i wondered if lucah and i were absorbing each other and someday we 'd wake up and we 'd be attached at the hip . 
 literally . 
 that would n't be so bad . 
 `` i know , but she 's an adult and she has to make her own decisions . '' 
 he held out his arms and i leaned into them while he pulled my hair out of its low ponytail and ran his fingers through it . 
 `` we could always tell her he has herpes . '' 
 that made me smile . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 `` i love you , sunshine . '' 
 love made you feel fluttery even when your boyfriend mentioned herpes . 
 2 sloane 's dinner was delicious , of course . 
 all her dinners were . 
 this happened to be extra fabulous , as if she was trying to rub it in our faces . 
 thankfully , she did let us eat alone , but not before she left a box for me , with strict orders that we were n't to open it until we 'd finished dinner . 
 i had to race lucah to get to it before he could . 
 `` no peeking . 
 it ruins the surprise . '' 
 i dashed to my bathroom and locked the door . 
 i think he let me win that race on purpose , though . 
 i knew he liked seeing the lingerie on me better than seeing it in the box . 
 this time it was a black bra and panties that were made out of the same material as my gown from the company ball , and had little ruffles . 
 it was adorable , but not the kind of thing you could wear under clothes , because of the ruffles . 
 so i had no choice but to open the bathroom door and slink slowly out into the living room . 
 lucah was scraping up the last of the creme fraiche from the plate that the grilled peaches had been on . 
 `` what do you think , mr. blythe ? '' 
 i tried to go for the breathy marilyn monroe voice , and i leaned on the doorway , with my butt popped out . 
 lucah dropped the spoon . 
 ahhh , so satisfying . 
 it never ceased to delight me when i showed him one of sloane 's new projects and he had this reaction . 
 `` i 'm thinking that maybe i was a little harsh on sloane , and also that i need to get you to bed . 
 now . '' 
 he grabbed me and i screamed . 
 he threw me over his shoulder and marched to the bedroom . 
 with another growl , he dropped me on the bed and then did a flying leap and landed right next to me . 
 i covered my eyes and screamed . 
 `` you did n't think i was going to hurt you , did you ? 
 silly girl . 
 i 'd never hurt you . '' 
 he brushed my hair out of my eyes . 
 `` no , but i 'm going to hurt you if you do n't get these clothes off and f ** k me , posthaste . '' 
 i pulled at his shirt to make my point . 
 `` yes , miss clarke . 
 whatever you say , miss clarke . '' 
 he batted his eyelashes at me and started loosening his tie . 
 painfully slowly . 
 bastard . 
 `` huh . 
 this tie wo n't come off . 
 i think i need a hand . 
 or two . '' 
 now i was the one diving on top of him . 
 i wrenched the tie out of his hands and used it to pull his mouth to mine . 
 he stuck his tongue in my mouth and i lightly bit down on it as my hands worked on the tie . 
 he broke the kiss and smiled . 
 `` bad girl . 
 do you really want to go to work with marks all over you tomorrow ? 
 because i can make that happen . 
 i have no problem nibbling your sweet skin . 
 every little inch of it . '' 
 he blew on my exposed shoulder , which distracted me from getting the tie from around his neck . 
 `` stop that , or there will be no ` coffee ' for you , mr. blythe . '' 
 he knew what i meant . 
 he glared at me , but stopped when i started unbuttoning his shirt and followed each open button with a kiss . 
 once i got his shirt off , i went to work , kissing and sucking , freckle , to freckle , making sure i paid ample attention to each of his ni ** les , especially the one with the hoop through it . 
 he moaned when i tugged on it a little with my teeth . 
 `` i like that sound . 
 i think i 'll make it my ringtone , '' i said as i licked and sucked my way down to this belly button and then to the little trail of hair that disappeared under the waist of his pants . 
 i made quick work of his belt , and then i had to shimmy down further to get his shoes off . 
 i ran one fingernail on the underside of each foot and that made him growl again . 
 then i grabbed the bottom of his pants and yanked . 
 it took some work , but i got them off . 
 you 'd think with us having sex so much , i 'd get good at undressing him , but i struggled sometimes . 
 i nearly cheered when i finally got his pants off , but instead , i kissed my way from his feet on up . 
 his breathing got harsh and he started cursing , and his hips jerked a little . 
 he 'd messed with me , so now it was time to return the favor . 
 i paused with my face only inches from his dick . 
 i blew a little and he made a strangled sound . 
 `` do you want your c ** k in my mouth ? '' 
 i flicked my tongue out and caressed the very tip , just a little bit . 
 `` no , not really , '' he said , his voice tense with anticipation . 
 i licked him again . 
 `` liar . '' 
 i took him into my mouth , as far as i could . 
 i 'd gotten better at doing this , and lucah never seemed disappointed . 
 i sucked and then dragged my teeth along his length to the tip . 
 `` fuuuuuuccckkkkkk , '' he said . 
 his hands grabbed at my head and fisted in my hair , pulling a little . 
 i did n't mind one bit . 
 i loved seeing him come undone because of me . 
 i was the only one who could make him feel like this , make him say those things . 
 watching him lose himself in pure pleasure that i created was a powerful feeling , and it made me feel like a goddess of desire . 
 which , of course , only made me want him more . 
 i pulled my lips over my teeth and started moving faster , sucking and making sure i used my hand to pay attention to his balls , as my other hand worked with my mouth . 
 he was thrusting and losing it , and then his hand jerked my head away . 
 most of the time , he did n't like coming in my mouth , though it did n't bother me any , either way . 
 i licked my lips and slid back up his body , which was glowing with a sheen of sweat already . 
 `` i 've had enough coffee , i want to be inside you , '' he said , kissing me hard as his hands made quick work of the frilly bra . 
 his legs came up and wrapped around me and he flipped me so i was on my back . 
 i lifted my hips so he could get my panties off and then he was above me lifting one of my legs up . 
 `` as much as i love , '' he punctuated his words with kisses on the inside of my calf , `` these little things that sloane makes for you , this is how i like you best . 
 naked with your red shoes on . 
 my sweet , sweet girl . '' 
 he kissed up my leg , as i had done to him , but he did n't pause and tease me . 
 his mouth went right where i wanted him most , and he set to work . 
 every time he went down on me i thanked anyone i could thank -lrb- god , jesus , zeus , the great spirit , whoever -rrb- that i had gone to that tattoo shop and gotten my vch done . 
 that little ball plus lucah 's tongue and fingers was a trifecta of orgasm-inducing magic . 
 i was already wet , and had been for a while , so he plunged two fingers inside me as his mouth licked and sucked my clit . 
 he was n't going slow , but tonight i did n't want slow . 
 maybe later . 
 i had n't seen him all day , and all the talk about going to the supply closet and the things he wanted to do to me in there had me frisky and ready for something quick and hot . 
 my first orgasm hit me hard , and for a second , i thought it would make me burst apart . 
 lucah brought me down and i thought he was going to stop and give me a break . 
 but as the stars cleared from my vision and my body tingled with the release , he started again , and it was almost painful , because i was so sensitive . 
 i moaned and bit my lip and begged him to stop . 
 but i did n't really want him to . 
 i just did n't know if i could take any more . 
 could you die from too many powerful orgasms ? 
 was that a thing ? 
 i should look that up online - `` oh , f ** k , i ca n't . 
 not again . '' 
 i was rising again , as his hands and his tongue worked . 
 `` yes you can , '' he said , pulling back and then blowing on my clit . 
 je-sus christ . 
 with one last hard thrust of his fingers , i came again , my back arching off the bed and his name in my mouth , along with a string of curses and unintelligible words . 
 i may have also cursed in several foreign languages , including elvish . 
 `` such dirty words from such a sweet girl , '' lucah said with a laugh , resting his cheek on the inside of my thigh . 
 my chest heaved as i tried to get myself back under control . 
 or maybe put myself back together was the better term for it . 
 `` how is it like that every time ? '' 
 i said , looking down at him . 
 it was quite a sight , seeing the man you love with his glorious face in between your legs and smiling at you as if you 're the greatest thing to ever happen to him . 
 `` because i love you . 
 and because i 'm very , very good at what i do , miss clarke . 
 i always strive for perfection . '' 
 he pulled himself up with his arms so our faces were level . 
 i knew he was ready , but he paused . 
 `` i 've never been with anyone like you , aurora abigail clarke . '' 
 `` i 've never been with anyone like , you , lucah jacob blythe . '' 
 he leaned down and gave me one soft kiss before he lifted one of my legs over his shoulder , got into position and slowly entered me . 
 i loved not having to use condoms anymore . 
 we 'd both gotten tested and had clean bills of heath and i was religious about my pills so there was nothing between us anymore . 
 he filled me completely , and he went so deep , it was like he was trying climb inside me . 
 i wanted him to . 
 there was another small pause as he filled me completely and then drew back , only to fill me again . 
 i pushed my hips up to meet him and we started our dance . 
 neither of us needed to speak , but we did . 
 faster , harder , more , yes , i want you , i love you , f ** k me , beautiful , more , i love you , more , i love you ... and when i came a third time around him , he thrust once more into me and came himself , filling me with everything he had . 
 it was a possessive thing . 
 he was marking me , leaving a part of him behind . 
 i was his . 
 i liked being his , the smell of his skin on mine , the taste of him on my lips . 
 he came to rest on his back , his chest heaving . 
 i laid my head on his heart and his arm went around me . 
 cuddling was seriously underrated . 
 i loved lying with lucah for a few minutes as the glow faded from our bodies . 
 it was almost better than the actual sex . 
 i said almost . 
 `` so i know you have dinner with your parents on sunday , but how would you like to come with me to my brother 's on saturday ? 
 you could meet gracie and fiona . '' 
 other than ryder , i had n't gotten to meet any members of lucah 's family . 
 when he had finally revealed his true identity and , um , for lack of a better term , `` come out of the closet '' , and showed me the boxes hidden in his apartment , i 'd found tons of photographs of his family . 
 i 'd had a lot of them framed and now they littered the apartment , along with more pictures of lucah and me , sloane and me , and a few of lucah 's deceased parents . 
 `` i would love that , '' i said , and i almost wanted to cry . 
 love made you more emotional about pretty much everything . 
 he kissed my forehead and stroked my back . 
 `` i wish you could have met my parents . 
 my mom would have adored you and i 'm sure you would have won dad over as well . '' 
 yes , because of my winning personality . 
 lucah rarely talked about his parents , but he 'd been doing it more and more ; about how his mother would scrimp and save to make sure their christmas was special , even if they barely had anything . 
 she knew how to take a dollar and make it work for her . 
 `` they 'd be so proud of you , '' i said . 
 i did n't need to know anything about them to know that was true . 
 i was pretty damn proud of him . 
 he was a good man . 
 i would n't have fallen for him if he was n't . 
 `` i used to wonder about that . 
 if they would approve of what i was doing , the way i was earning my money . 
 in a weird way , i think i was earning it for them . 
 trying to make up for what they could n't have , even if they were gone . '' 
 i turned on my stomach so i could look at his face . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 i said it a lot , but it bore repeating . 
 `` i love you , sunshine . 
 you 're the first person , other than family that i 've ever allowed myself to be me with . 
 you snuck your way into my life and before i knew it , i could n't get rid of you , even if i wanted to . '' 
 it made me giddy and i wanted to giggle with happiness when he said things like that . 
 `` well , it 's not really my fault . 
 you 're the one who kept pursuing me . 
 so . 
 you only have yourself to blame . '' 
 he pinched my nose . 
 `` you 're probably right . '' 
 `` excuse me . 
 i 'm always right . 
 that 's how this works . '' 
 `` yes , miss clarke . '' 
 damn right . 
 one of the upsides , which was also a downside , of dating lucah was that he was a morning person . 
 so when i did n't want to get up , he had all kinds of ways to make me wake up . 
 fortunately , a lot of these involved his penis . 
 waking up with something like that inside you was quite something . 
 much better than a blaring alarm . 
 the next morning i awoke to a tongue in my ear and something hard pressing into my back . 
 i moaned , but not because of the hour . 
 i moved back against him as he entered me , ever so slowly from behind . 
 he was always warm in the morning , and the sleepiness in my body was quickly replaced by desire as he moved in and out of me , kissing my shoulders and muttering in my ear . 
 we both came quickly , and when he was done , i was definitely awake . 
 `` good morning , '' he said , and pulled out . 
 `` good morning to you too , '' i said , rolling back over . 
 my body was liquid and i did n't feel like i had any bones . 
 he was going to have to carry me into the shower and hold me up . 
 `` is this going to be one of those mornings when i have to make and then bring you breakfast , and turn the shower on for you ? '' 
 `` is this a day that ends in y ? '' 
 he grinned and went to put on his boxers . 
 if i ever had to live by myself , i was probably going to starve . 
 both my parents were good cooks , and then i moved in with sloane and now i had lucah to make me breakfast every morning . 
 i used to just grab something on my way to work , but lucah said he worried about the state of my arteries from all the donuts . 
 that made me glare at him and ask if that was a safe way of telling me i was fat . 
 his response was to slap my ass and take me to bed and show me just how much he loved every inch of me . 
 twenty minutes later , he brought a tray with scrambled eggs and salsa , toast , fresh fruit , a blueberry smoothie and a cup of green tea . 
 `` i want to have your ginger babies . '' 
 he 'd even put a little flower in a vase on it . 
 i was terrible about plants and sloane was worse , but lucah had brought a few of them into the apartment when we 'd moved in . 
 he told me that since he moved so much , he could never really have plants , so he was happy to finally be in a place where he could . 
 who could say no to that ? 
 `` i do n't know if we 're quite ready for that yet , miss clarke . 
 but i think you would be a beautiful mother . '' 
 lucah had the power to completely liquefy my heart as well as the rest of my insides . 
 `` you have n't seen me with your nieces yet . 
 maybe i 'll be terrible with them . '' 
 `` i doubt that . '' 
 honestly , i had n't had very much experience with kids , and not just because i was an only child . 
 i did n't have a whole lot of relatives , or friends with kids . 
 none of my close friends had them . 
 like tended to hang with like , and a lot of the girls who had gotten married and started families young , i never felt i had much in common with . 
 nothing wrong with that , we were just different kinds of people . 
 i did n't want to have kids until i was at least thirty . 
 had to get my career on track first . 
 lucah joined me in bed and we ate our breakfast . 
 he 'd done well getting me up this morning , so i was actually going to have time to shower and do my hair . 
 living with lucah had definitely impacted my morning routine , because two of us needed to shower , two of us needed to brush our teeth , etc. . 
 sloane and i had different schedules , so we were almost never getting ready at the same time . 
 i forgot sometimes that she was n't still living with me anymore . 
 plus , i was in a new apartment with a completely new vibe . 
 i was relieved that lucah 's spartan style at his other place was just a side effect of moving around a lot and not wanting to have anyone figure out his identity . 
 his neat tendencies remained , however , which was wonderful . 
 i never had to nag him about vacuuming or using coasters on the coffee table . 
 yes , he was just about perfect . 
 i finished breakfast and lucah dragged me to the shower and shoved me in . 
 when i was finally done , i got out and we switched places . 
 after blowing my hair straight , i stared in the mirror and did the same routine i did every day . 
 the what-do-i-do-with-this-hair routine . 
 lucah came into the bedroom while i was having my dilemma . 
 he knew exactly what i was doing because i 'd done it every other morning . 
 `` do you want me to do the little twists on the sides into the bun roll ? '' 
 i was sure there was a more specific name for this style , but i did n't know what it was , and neither did he . 
 lucah twisted the sides of my hair back , almost like a braid , but with two sections instead of three . 
 then he gathered those in the back , flipped the end under and pinned it . 
 apparently , having nieces gave him skills in the hairstyle department . 
 not that i had n't done fine on my own , but he could do it more fancily than i could . 
 it also felt really nice when he did it . 
 `` take a look . '' 
 he handed me a mirror so i could check out the back . 
 `` now i want to have your ginger babies even more . 
 thank you . '' 
 i kissed him and he dropped the towel , giving me a lovely view . 
 he had a great ass . 
 i smacked it as i walked by him to go get my second cup of coffee . 
 `` sexual harassment ! '' 
 he yelled after me . 
 `` we 're still at home , mr. blythe . 
 and you asked for it by dropping your towel . '' 
 i sipped my coffee and waited . 
 i sucked in a breath when he walked out in a dark navy suit , white shirt and a yellow tie . 
 he had the little diamond stud in his ear and he 'd tried to tame his hair , but it refused to be tamed . 
 my man in a suit with the wild streak . 
 perfection . 
 `` shall we go to work , miss clarke ? '' 
 `` you just earned yourself some knee time , mr. blythe . '' 
 even though we were n't just sharing nights anymore , i still joked sometimes about our arrangement . 
 `` i will do that penance most happily this evening , miss clarke . '' 
 we kissed in front of my door , and again on the cab ride to work . 
 outside of the office , we got out and he squeezed my hand . 
 `` see you tonight . '' 
 we would ride the elevator together , but it was n't the same . 
 we were n't just rory and lucah anymore , we were miss clarke and mr. blythe , work associates . 
 `` see you tonight . '' 
 our grip broke and the three feet of space stretched between us . 
 he gazed at me and i gazed back as we rode the elevator with several other people . 
 we did n't work on the same floor anymore , so he got off one below me . 
 i watched him walk away and smiled to myself , because i knew exactly what was under that fantastic suit , and it was even more fantastic than anyone could imagine . 
 and it was all mine . 
 `` good morning , miss clarke , '' lilia said breathlessly , the same as every other morning . 
 we still had a lot of work to do . 
 i would break her barriers yet . 
 when i was done with her , she 'd be able to stare anyone down with her ice-cold glare and make grown men quiver in their expensive leather shoes . 
 she would be my protegee . 
 `` good morning , lilia , anything on fire yet ? '' 
 i tried to joke with her every morning , and every time , she laughed , and then her eyes went wide like she 'd done something terrible . 
 was my humor that bad ? 
 i 'd never really had a problem with it before . 
 sarcasm , yes . 
 i 'd gotten myself into some sticky situations with that . 
 and probably would again . 
 `` oh , um , there are a few messages , and your father called and asked to see you when you have a moment . '' 
 if lilia was terrified of me , it was nothing compared to the fear she had of my father . 
 i 'd taken her to meet him and thought she was going to pass out in his presence , like a girl in some movie . 
 dad could be intimidating ; i could give her that . 
 i 'd had to hurry her quickly away and give her a moment to collect herself in the break room . 
 `` thanks very much , '' i said , taking the sticky notes with my messages written on them . 
 i was going to listen to them as well , but it was nice to know what i was dealing with ahead of time . 
 the fallout from the fiasco of a couple weeks ago was still making my life a living hell . 
 we 'd been planning a new product launch , and dad -lrb- and the board of directors -rrb- was all for going ahead with it , even against the wishes of the pr department . 
 it was both a good thing and a bad thing . 
 it gave all of us something positive to focus on , instead of trying to constantly reassure our current clients and the rest of the world that the incident was isolated and had been dealt with and would n't happen again , and we were putting in safeguards to make sure that it did n't happen again , etc. , etc. , etc. . 
 i wanted to record my voice saying my little spiel and just play it when people called . 
 luckily , if they emailed , i had a form answer that i could copy and paste . 
 dad was working more and more hours , trying to show that he had control , and it was taking its toll on him . 
 the bags under his eyes , which had only been there every now and then , were now permanent fixtures on his face . 
 but he would n't let anyone tell him that he was working too hard , or too much . 
 not me , not mom , not the board . 
 the best thing to do was try to take as much pressure off him as possible by doing my job as best i could and trying to handle things so they did n't escalate and get to him . 
 i sighed and sat down at my desk . 
 my world 's greatest boss mug made me think of lucah . 
 everything made me think of lucah . 
 this entire office had been steeped in memories and moments with him . 
 i would never think about this place again without thinking of him . 
 before i sat down and filled my head with work , i went to get coffee . 
 someone was waiting in the break room , leaning right next to the keurig . 
 `` good morning , miss clarke , '' he said , a wicked smile on his lips . 
 oh , he knew exactly how to undo me with one look . 
 i inhaled slowly and walked into the room , heading straight for the keurig and popping in one of the little cups while not looking at him . 
 too much eye contact led to eye f ** king , which could lead to real f ** king , and i was n't going to let that happen in the office . 
 again . 
 lucah did n't seem to have as many qualms as i did about intra-office sexy relations . 
 i stared at the keurig as if my life depended on it . 
 for me , with lucah , it was all or nothing . 
 in order to not rip his suit off him and ask him to bend me over my desk and f ** k my brains out , i had to maintain a perimeter . 
 a bubble , if you will . 
 now if i could get this bubble actually constructed , that would make my life a lot easier . 
 he was much better at being near me and keeping his composure . 
 must be all that corporate spy training . 
 or he just had abnormally good control over his lust . 
 and by lust , i meant penis . 
 i told myself that over time , the feelings would cool . 
 i would be able to see him and not think about him thrusting into me , his face concentrated on what he was doing , and then the look of ecstasy that passed over it when he came ... i had to stop thinking that way . 
 `` why are you being so rude , miss clarke ? '' 
 he always inserted hidden meaning into my name . 
 i could n't hear him say it without it conjuring up not-work-appropriate thoughts . 
 `` i am trying to work and you are making it difficult . 
 i know you came up here just to torment me . 
 it 's not very nice . '' 
 i was interrupted by the entrance of mr. smith -lrb- full name joseph smith , no relation to the founder of the mormon church -rrb- , the head of accounting . 
 he had certainly gotten raked over the coals for the embezzling debacle and it was a miracle he still had a job . 
 lucah cleared his throat and left , but not before giving me a wink that mr. smith could n't see . 
 `` hello , rory . 
 how are you this morning ? '' 
 i smiled . 
 you had to feel for the guy . 
 he was another one of the oldest employees and one of dad 's good friends . 
 i happened to know dad vouched for him and that was the only reason he was still working here . 
 most everyone else had shunned him , and his shoulders were always slumped forward now . 
 he even avoided most eye contact . 
 `` i 'm very well , how are you ? '' 
 he was another one that got a free pass to call me by my nickname . 
 `` oh i 'm doing well , doing well . '' 
 he was n't , and we both knew that . 
 `` good , good . 
 you 'll let me know if you need anything , okay ? 
 we 've all got ta pull together , right ? '' 
 i gave him a pat on the shoulder . 
 i knew he was n't going to slap me with a sexual harassment suit . 
 he gave me a sad smile and returned the pat . 
 `` you 're a good girl , rory . '' 
 at least he thought so . 
 i took my coffee and went back to my office and prepared for the daily onslaught . 
 it was time to put lucah out of my mind and be the rory i was before he came into my life . 
 of course , it would be lot easier to be the old rory if lucah was n't constantly popping up . 
 granted , not all of it was his fault . 
 he often sent me completely work-related emails about new projects and so forth , but they were almost always group emails , written in stiff businessese . 
 work emails were strictly monitored , even more so now , so he would never take risk sending me something that was n't strictly on the up and up . 
 that would definitely get both of us fired . 
 but i had something else that afternoon to distract me from thinking about lucah . 
 once again , i 'd forgotten about the interviews the board and human resources were conducting to fill the disgraced mr. craig 's place . 
 they 'd farmed out some of his other jobs -lrb- since he had n't really been doing them in the first place -rrb- , but we still needed another vice president and head of marketing . 
 i was n't required to be in the initial interviews , but once they 'd narrowed down the candidates , i would be present for the final interview and to help choose who would ultimately take the job . 
 poor mrs. andrews had to escort each one from the reception area all the way down the hall to the boardroom . 
 because i was nosy , i kept my door open so i could check them out as they walked by . 
 for me , first impressions were extremely important . 
 case in point , lucah . 
 he 'd made my ladyparts throb with desire from the second i 'd met him . 
 i 'd also thought he was irritating and cocky , but that was beside the point . 
 mrs. andrews also knew that i liked to get a visual , so she slowed down when she led them by my office so i could get a good look . 
 i knew , based on experience , that a lot of them did n't even belong here and with the board being more exclusive than ever , most of them did n't have a prayer . 
 almost all of the candidates were older , and male . 
 big shock . 
 but there was one that mrs. andrews took by that made me do a double take . 
 it was n't just that she looked like she was around my age , but her fiery red curls were hard to miss . 
 i 'd gained redhead radar because of lucah . 
 she sauntered past my office without a glance at me , but mrs. andrews gave me a look . 
 i would definitely have to make a trip to her desk later and see what the deal was with this girl . 
 i was completely distracted for the next twenty minutes as i waited for her to walk by again . 
 when she did , she was chatting with mrs. andrews and laughing . 
 i had to admit , after the second glance , she was lovely , the poised kind of lovely that my mother had . 
 she vanished again and i went back to work . 
 not more than ten minutes later , mrs. andrews knocked on the doorframe . 
 `` i just wanted to see what you thought , and bring you these , '' she said , after i nodded at her to come in and close the door . 
 she also had a stack of papers i hoped were resumes that she handed me . 
 technically , i was n't supposed to see them until the choices had been narrowed down , but mrs. andrews made exceptions for me . 
 `` thank you very much . 
 when do you need them back ? '' 
 i started thumbing through them , putting aside the ones that i knew immediately were no 's in my book . 
 `` if you could be done in an hour , no one will know they 're missing . '' 
 i gave her a smile and a thumbs up and went back through them . 
 the girl with the red hair , i assumed , belonged to one of the resumes on the bottom . 
 violet cooper , twenty-five , former vice president of a small cable company , mba from a small college . 
 she 'd started out in retail , and had worked her way up . 
 this girl was a fighter . 
 maybe it had something to do with the red hair . 
 i read her resume a few more times before i put it with the rest , stuck it in a folder and scurried down to mrs. andrews ' desk . 
 i was surprised to find lucah leaning against it and chatting with her as she threw her head back and laughed . 
 `` what are you doing on this level , mr. blythe ? '' 
 `` i was just visiting , miss clarke . 
 i had to deliver something to mr. clarke , so i thought i would take a moment to stop and say hello to mrs. andrews . '' 
 smooth . 
 `` well , how sweet of you , mr. blythe . '' 
 i wanted to kiss him , to close the three-foot space between us , lay one on him and feel his tongue with the plastic barbell in my mouth . 
 judging by the look on his face , he was thinking the same thing . 
 `` is it warm in here ? '' 
 mrs. andrews said , fanning herself . 
 `` maybe it 's just me having a hot flash . '' 
 i could n't decide if that was a joke , or if she was being serious . 
 judging from the look on lucah 's face , he could n't either . 
 `` on that note , i believe i should get back to the underworld where i belong . '' 
 he did a bow and headed for the stairs instead of the elevator . 
 `` do n't forget your coin to pay the toll , '' i called after him . 
 his laugh echoed up from a few stairs down . 
 i sighed and leaned on mrs. andrews ' desk . 
 she had a smug smile on her face as if she was very pleased with herself . 
 `` so , on further inspection , what did you think ? 
 i was very impressed with that young girl , what was her name ? '' 
 she started rifling through the papers . 
 `` violet , '' i said . 
 `` yeah , she did look impressive , but i 'm not sure they 're going to go for her . 
 given that she 's so young and you know how much they adore youth . '' 
 `` well , we 'll just have to wait and see . 
 i would n't mind having some more fresh female blood up here and maybe the two of you could stick together . '' 
 that was true . 
 i had n't thought of that . 
 `` i guess we 'll see . '' 
 she put the resumes back in her desk and i went back to my office , pondering . 
 well either violet cooper had given out a lot of sexual favors , or else she 'd really nailed the initial interview -lrb- i hoped it was the latter -rrb- because she was on the short list when i opened my email a little while later . 
 due to lilia 's fabulous flagging system , it was one of the first things i read . 
 she 'd learned that what i deemed important varied , which was what made the job slightly difficult . 
 follow-up interviews with everyone who made it through the first round were set for tomorrow and were going to take nearly an entire day . 
 lovely . 
 i 'd have to remember to drink an extra cup of coffee , or five , beforehand . 
 interviews , if you 've done enough of them , can be horribly dull , unless someone says something unexpected . 
 or they answer their phone in the middle of said interview . 
 i meant to go see dad in the morning , but of course that did n't happen . 
 there was a snag with some of the html coding on the beta website page for the new software and no one seemed to be able to figure it out , so a group email had been sent around to see if anyone could fix it . 
 i had a working knowledge of html , but i could n't find why it was n't working . 
 i sent my response back that i had no idea . 
 two seconds after i sent it , there was another timid knock . 
 sometimes when i looked up , i still thought lucah was going to be standing there , but it was lilia . 
 maybe she was so scared because i always looked so disappointed to see her . 
 it was n't her fault that she was n't lucah . 
 `` miss clarke ? '' 
 `` yes , what can i do for you , lilia ? '' 
 she shifted from one purple satin heel to the other . 
 today her dress was sunny yellow , with a matching purple belt around her waist . 
 too bad she was a twig , or else i would beg to raid her closet . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i know it 's probably not my place , but i was just glancing at that code , and i think i found the problem . '' 
 lilia , in addition to her own email account , had access to mine , but i forgot sometimes that she could see it whenever she wanted . 
 `` you did ? '' 
 she nodded and kept her eyes on the floor . 
 `` where ? '' 
 i nodded and she walked into my office as if i 'd asked her to enter the dungeon of eternal torture . 
 but she came around my desk and stood at my shoulder as i pulled the copy of the code up . 
 she scanned it with her eyes and then pointed . 
 `` there . 
 it 's missing ... '' she stole the mouse and moved it to the spot and then typed a few things in . 
 `` there . 
 that should work . '' 
 for the first time her voice was n't a whisper . 
 this girl knew code . 
 `` i have no idea what you just did , but i 'm going to send it back to tech and have them double-check it . '' 
 and just like that , timid lilia reappeared . 
 `` i hope it 's right . 
 i think it 's right . '' 
 `` if it is , i 'm taking you out to lunch . 
 my treat . '' 
 i smiled , but the scared look on her face just got worse . 
 `` so you know html ? '' 
 `` uh yeah . 
 you know how some people can learn a foreign language really easily ? 
 that 's like me and code . 
 my brother and i used to hack websites for fun in our spare time when we were kids . 
 oh . 
 i probably should n't have told you that . 
 please do n't fire me . '' 
 she looked like she was actually scared that i would use her teenage hacking as a reason to fire her . 
 it made me laugh . 
 `` um , if you knew about all the crap i did when i was younger , and still managed to be successful ... so why did you want to be my assistant instead of working down with the tech guys ? '' 
 she paused for a long time before she answered , and i started to think maybe she would n't . 
 `` i thought about it , but i wanted to learn from you . 
 i wanted to know how you did it , being so young and being surrounded by men . 
 i can be a little shy , and you seemed so confident . 
 i wanted to learn from the best . '' 
 wow , what a compliment . 
 i could feel my head swell and my cheeks turn red . 
 that was rare , outside of lucah teasing me . 
 `` you make me sound like some sort of corporate superhero . '' 
 i should put in an order for a cape . 
 `` i 'm not , but it 's really nice of you to say that . 
 i learned the hard way , and i know you have to be confident . 
 knowing that you 're smart and prepared , and that you are the best for the job is also key . 
 convincing people that you know what you 're talking about is half the battle . 
 clearly , your strength is code , based on what you just showed me . 
 so i 'll fish around and see if i can get you some special projects . '' 
 now it was her turn to blush . 
 `` oh , you do n't have to do that . '' 
 `` of course i do . 
 i 'm your boss , and i want you to succeed here . 
 i also do n't want to lose you to another company . '' 
 i knew a gem when i found one . 
 it just took a little while for her to shine . 
 a ding signaled that i had an email . 
 it was tech informing me that lilia 's fix had worked . 
 `` go sign out . 
 i 'm taking you to lunch . '' 
 she gave me another tiny smile and dashed to her desk . 
 once i got lilia out of the office , and got her talking about computers and code and so forth , she turned into a delightful , bubbly person . 
 i knew she was buried in there . 
 lilia was one of those people who really lit up when she was talking about something she was passionate about . 
 `` i 'm sorry for talking so much . '' 
 `` do n't be sorry at all , i 've been trying to get you to talk since i hired you . 
 even though i 'm your boss , i want us to be able to talk , okay ? '' 
 she nodded and finished the last bit of her key lime pie . 
 i paid using the company credit card , which lilia noticed . 
 `` this is a work meeting . 
 we discussed work , so it counts , '' i said , giving her a wink . 
 if several of the men at the office could go golfing and write it off , i could take my assistant out to lunch . 
 `` thanks so much . 
 this was really nice , '' she said as i dropped her back at her desk . 
 `` we 'll have to make it a regular thing . 
 maybe once a month . '' 
 she smiled again , and i definitely liked that look better than her fearful face . 
 i dropped my bag off in my office and went down the hall to see dad . 
 `` rory , i was hoping i 'd see you sometime today . '' 
 he motioned me in and i closed the door . 
 `` how are you doing ? 
 how 's your new assistant ? 
 not quite like your last one . '' 
 haha . 
 `` she 's doing well . 
 it 's probably a good thing that she is n't like the last one . 
 how are you doing ? '' 
 he was looking worse and worse . 
 now his skin had sort of taken on an unhealthy grayish tinge that made my stomach flip in a bad way . 
 i was going to have to give mom a call and see if she could do something . 
 `` busy . 
 very busy . 
 this ... setback has been tough . 
 but we can get through it . '' 
 he gave me a tight smile , and i could n't keep my mouth shut anymore . 
 `` daddy , you have to stop working so hard . 
 you 're going to get sick . 
 there is a whole office full of people who can help you . 
 and we have all those interns now . 
 i 'm worried about you . '' 
 i got up and put my arms around him . 
 he sighed heavily , like he 'd heard it before , which he had . 
 probably from multiple sources . 
 `` this is my company . 
 i built it from the ground up and i feel responsible . 
 this happened on my watch , because i was n't paying attention . 
 i ca n't let it happen again . '' 
 i just hugged him harder , and he finally hugged me back . 
 `` but i worry about you . 
 you 're not as young as you were . '' 
 `` hey , i earned these years and grey hairs . '' 
 he pulled back and smiled . 
 `` i know you did . 
 hey , how about you take the rest of the day off and get in some golf ? 
 you have n't been in ages . 
 we can deal with everything here . 
 the company 's not going to blow up if you leave . 
 i do n't think , '' i said with a wink . 
 3 `` so apparently , lilia is some sort of html genius , '' i said as lucah and i lay on the couch after eating dinner . 
 we 'd made love so vigorously last night , and it had been a long day for both of us that i was n't sure if it was going to happen tonight . 
 besides , i was thinking of inviting sloane over to watch movies with us anyway . 
 `` imagine that . 
 a girl who is good at computers . '' 
 he said it with sarcasm , so i knew he was n't serious . 
 i also knew that lucah had no problem with smart , independent women . 
 `` i know , right ? 
 so do you mind if i ask sloane over ? 
 i have n't talked to her since last night . '' 
 she 'd sent me a couple of terse texts , but it was n't good enough . 
 we needed to make up face to face . 
 even if i had n't done anything wrong . 
 `` sure , i do n't mind . 
 as long as i get you later . 
 and as long as i get to pick one of the movies . '' 
 `` uh , i do n't think so . 
 that 's not how this works . 
 there are two of us and one of you . 
 so we win . 
 sorry about that . '' 
 he just shook his head , because he knew it was true . 
 in addition to getting me when he moved in , he also got my extensive dvd collection that sloane had added to over the years . 
 it included just about every movie that you could possibly need to watch during pms , after a breakup , or to cheer you up if you 'd had a crappy day . 
 it just so happened that a lot of those movies were , um , romantic comedies and chick flicks . 
 they were n't all like that , but a lot of them were . 
 lucah did n't have a lot of movies , because he watched most everything on his laptop and dvds were a pain to travel with . 
 i still had n't heard the extent of his adventures around the us , but i was giving him time , and i did n't want to guilt him into telling me . 
 i wanted him to want to tell me . 
 `` just as long as it 's not hugh grant . 
 i ca n't stand that guy . 
 i do n't know what it is about him , but i just want to knock his teeth in . '' 
 sloane and i had done a hugh grant marathon once when lucah was home and he 'd whined and complained the entire time . 
 you would have thought we were putting him through a rare form of torture . 
 `` fine . 
 no hugh grant . 
 but anything else is fair game . '' 
 i could make this really terrible for him if i wanted to . 
 but then he might withhold oral from me as punishment , and i definitely did n't want that . 
 i dashed down the hall to knock at my former apartment . 
 i heard her walk to the door and peer at me through the peephole . 
 `` movie night ? 
 your theme choice . 
 only no hugh grant . 
 lucah vetoed . '' 
 i heard her sigh on the other side of the door , but the lock clicked and the door opened . 
 `` fine . 
 i guess . 
 do you have popcorn ? '' 
 i shook my head , and she let me in . 
 `` must i do everything for you ? '' 
 man , she was grumpy . 
 she went to the cupboard and got out the bottle of popcorn kernels . 
 she was adamantly anti-microwave popcorn . 
 plus , she did n't just put butter on it . 
 oh no , she made popcorn into an orgasmic taste experience . 
 that was another reason i 'd come over . 
 and to make up . 
 there was definitely that too . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i knew she was n't pms-ing because we were on the same cycle and had just finished . 
 `` not really . 
 i 'm just really stressed . 
 finding people to believe in the new lingerie line has proved more difficult than i thought . '' 
 sloane was used to talking and getting her way , and she always got in a terrible mood when she did n't get what she wanted . 
 sometimes , like with ryder , it got out of hand , but sometimes , like with her business , i felt for her . 
 `` aw , i 'm sorry . 
 how can people not want to invest in it ? 
 did you tell them about our success rate ? '' 
 i had gotten laid every single time i 'd worn one of her outfits and so had our friend , marisol . 
 `` it 's just a really crowded market . 
 that bitch victoria and her damn secret are hard to compete with . '' 
 `` that whore . '' 
 `` yeah , screw her . '' 
 she got out the popcorn popper and started banging around and assembling other ingredients . 
 from what i could tell , she was going with savory tonight , given the spices she was shaking together into a measuring cup . 
 she also got some butter going on the stove and i waited for her to start talking . 
 it was only a matter of time . 
 `` i just thought that this would be easy . 
 i mean , it seemed like such a good idea and i was so sure of it . 
 but now it 's like i 'm failing . '' 
 she sniffed , her back to me as she stood at the stove so the butter did n't burn . 
 i walked over and put my hands on her shoulders . 
 `` you 're not a failure , sloane . 
 you have never failed at anything you 've ever done . 
 everything you ever wanted , you 've gotten . '' 
 `` except love , '' she said in a small voice . 
 crap , i 'd forgotten about that . 
 but it did n't undo my previous statement . 
 she had gotten everything she 'd ever wanted , career-wise . 
 `` you 'll find it . 
 i promise . '' 
 she sniffed again and wiped her eyes . 
 `` why the f ** k am i so emotional ? 
 if i did n't know that there was zero chance that i was pregnant , i 'd be taking a test . 
 this is all your fault , by the way . '' 
 she turned and i almost stumbled into the counter . 
 `` i mean , i 'm so happy for you , but it 's hard . 
 i miss it just being the two of us . 
 you know i do n't like to share . '' 
 no , she did n't . 
 except her food . 
 and her clothing designs . 
 not much else . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 now i really felt like a shitty friend . 
 she sighed and gave me a hug . 
 `` it 's not your fault . 
 i 'm just now realizing what it must have been like for you when i was with someone . 
 but i was never as happy as you are . 
 you bitch . 
 your life is a f ** king love song . '' 
 sometimes it felt that way . 
 and then sometimes lucah would drag me out of bed and throw me in the shower and yell at me to get ready or i 'd be late for work . 
 `` i like him . 
 i really , really do . 
 shit . '' 
 the butter started burning and she had to rush to the stove so it did n't ignite . 
 `` wow , sloane harris burns something . 
 that has to be a first . '' 
 `` shut up , '' she said , but she was smiling . 
 i gave her another hug and helped her dump out the disgusting butter and then air out the apartment as she popped two giant bowls ' worth of popcorn , covered it in fresh butter , and then with herbs and spices . 
 we each grabbed a bowl and went back down the hall . 
 `` my god , i thought you 'd been kidnapped . 
 i was about to go and make sure you had n't been . '' 
 lucah 's eyes flicked from me to sloane to make sure we were okay . 
 `` you can stop being weird , lover boy , we 're okay . 
 i 'm not mad at you , i 'm not mad at her , so we can all go back to normal and you can continue to appreciate everything i do for you , okay ? '' 
 she handed him a popcorn bowl and flopped down on our couch . 
 lucah and i had picked out a lot of the furniture together , since sloane had chosen most of the furniture at our other place , and wanted to keep it . 
 there was definitely a lot more red in my new place . 
 lucah had always wanted the red ones . 
 i 'd give him a look and he would play complete innocence . 
 `` so , what 's the theme verdict ? '' 
 lucah said , sitting down on the other end of the couch so i could sit in the middle . 
 like they were trying to share me . 
 joint custody . 
 `` i 'm thinking costume p ** n . 
 ball gowns and massive hair and jewels and guys with tight trousers . '' 
 i waited for lucah 's reaction . 
 `` so that means period pieces . 
 i can deal with that . '' 
 he smiled at me . 
 we watched older movies a lot when we were alone , so i knew he was more than fine with it . 
 sloane hopped up and went to get the movies and put the first one in . 
 it was the pride and prejudice with kiera knightly and matthew macfadyen . 
 definite costume p ** n . 
 `` i like the one with colin firth better , '' lucah whispered in my ear . 
 `` no talking . 
 you 're ruining my costume buzz . '' 
 sloane glared at both of us , so we stuffed our mouths with popcorn . 
 we got a little rowdy as the movie night went on . 
 mostly due to the two bottles of wine we opened after we started watching the second movie , marie antoinette -lrb- with kirsten dunst -rrb- and also the drinking game we created . 
 we drank every time a man was wearing pants so tight you could see his penis , whenever a woman 's boobs were stuffed into her dress so tight that they formed a shelf , and there were other rules that i did n't remember in the morning . 
 sloane was so gone that she did n't even make it back to her place and sacked out on the couch . 
 that was n't the first time , and it probably would n't be the last . 
 `` so we have those interviews today , '' i said to lucah the next morning as he rinsed the shampoo from my hair . 
 we 'd decided to conserve water and shower together , even though my shower was n't as big as his had been and we were both a wee bit hung over and sluggish . 
 it was a delicate dance of switching places without falling , or tripping over the other 's feet . 
 `` any good candidates ? '' 
 `` a few , but i 'm sure the ones i like wo n't get chosen . '' 
 `` maybe you 'll be surprised and the person you do n't want to hire will turn out fantastic . '' 
 `` you would n't be speaking of my last assistant , would you ? '' 
 `` maybe . 
 maybe i 'm talking about something completely different . 
 my turn . '' 
 i faced him and squeezed some shampoo in my hand . 
 he 'd started using my shampoo because he said it gave his hair good volume , but i knew it was because it smelled like me . 
 i scrubbed my fingers through his hair , being careful not to get any in his eyes . 
 `` there are actually a few women who made the cut and one who 's our age , which could be kind of fun . '' 
 `` oh really ? 
 i 'd be shocked if they picked her , unless she 's super hot . '' 
 i made a disgusted sound . 
 `` you men . 
 always thinking with your dicks . '' 
 `` why do you think they call men who are jerks , dicks ? 
 for that very reason . '' 
 i 'd never thought of it that way . 
 `` you 're smart sometimes . '' 
 `` you 're smart and sexy all the time . '' 
 i used the shampoo to turn his hair into a mohawk before i made him tilt his head back so i could rinse his hair out . 
 when we finally made it out the door , we grabbed a cab and stopped at a bakery near work . 
 i did n't know what lilia might like , so i did the same thing lucah had done on our first day . 
 got her one of everything . 
 `` you 're sweet , '' lucah said when he realized what i was doing . 
 `` no , i 'm really not . 
 i am a cold and calculating businesswoman . 
 do n't you think anything otherwise , '' i said , pointing my finger at him and giving him my best glare . 
 he held up his hands in surrender . 
 `` okay , okay . 
 you win , miss clarke . '' 
 `` do n't you forget it . '' 
 `` never , ever . '' 
 lilia acted as if i 'd given her the world , or at least a very expensive and rare purse when i handed over the bag of breakfast goodies . 
 `` just take what you want and leave the rest in the break room . 
 i 'm sure they 'll get eaten in no time . '' 
 it was a universal truth that pastries left in the break room would not survive for long . 
 i waited to see what she would pick as she dug through the bag . 
 when she dug out the strawberry frosted donut , it was like kismet . 
 `` good choice , '' i said and she handed me my messages . 
 `` oh , and your mother called , about five minutes ago . 
 she said she tried your cell , but it went to voicemail . '' 
 what ? 
 i pulled out my phone only to find that my battery was completely dead . 
 i 'd forgotten to charge it last night . 
 i really needed to stop drinking so much wine on weeknights . 
 `` okay , thanks lilia . '' 
 i took the messages and went to my office , closing the door . 
 my mother calling me in the morning could be a catastrophe , or it could just be her still trying to set me up with fin herald . 
 i happened to know , from marisol , that he was currently in japan , so it probably would n't be that . 
 i dialed out and she picked up after the second ring . 
 `` hi mom , everything okay ? '' 
 i kept my voice light , but my heart was pounding and my hands shook a tiny bit . 
 `` oh , rory . 
 i 'm glad you called . 
 you really ought to remember to charge your phone . '' 
 yes , yes , get to the point . 
 `` i know , mom . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 i waited and she sighed . 
 `` i 'm worried about your father . 
 he 's spending too much time at work , and it 's not healthy . 
 i 've talked to him over and over about it , but he wo n't listen to me . 
 have you talked to him ? '' 
 `` of course i have , but he wo n't listen to me either . 
 yesterday i tried to tell him to take the rest of the day off and play golf , but i know he did n't . '' 
 mom sighed again . 
 i could n't blame her . 
 there really was nothing else to do . 
 `` well , i made an appointment for him to go see dr. hale , and he 's going whether he likes it or not . 
 i 'm sure his blood pressure is through the roof . '' 
 and then my mother did something she did n't do very often . 
 she burst into tears . 
 my mother was a composed woman . 
 the only times i 'd ever really seen her lose it was when i was young and would eavesdrop when i was supposed to be in my room . 
 `` i 'm sorry , rory , i just do n't know what to do . 
 i 'm scared i 'm going to lose him . '' 
 dad was n't old , but he was n't young either , and he 'd had problems with blood pressure before . 
 his job was high stress , but he 'd always managed it . 
 but he 'd never had anything happen like this . 
 `` it 's going to be okay , mom . 
 do you need me to come over ? '' 
 i had no idea how to console my crying mother . 
 this had never happened before . 
 it made me feel like a scared child again , with no control . 
 `` no , no . 
 do n't be silly . 
 i 'm just having a little emotional moment . 
 it will pass . 
 but if you could talk to him again , or maybe talk to the board ? 
 see if hal , or someone could do something . '' 
 that would n't do any good , and would probably just make dad look like he could n't handle running his company . 
 the last thing he needed right now was to look weak . 
 we had to keep this on the down-low as much as possible . 
 `` i 'll talk to him again , okay ? 
 and why do n't you go have a spa day today . 
 you know that always makes you feel better and you can flirt with the cute guy who hands out the towels . '' 
 that made her laugh , just a little . 
 she blew her nose and cleared her throat . 
 `` thank you , sweetheart . 
 i do n't know what i would do without you . 
 i 'll see you on sunday . '' 
 her regular voice was back , and i was sure within moments it would look as if she had n't been crying at all . 
 my mother was magical like that . 
 `` okay , i 'll see you on sunday . 
 but you call me if you need anything . '' 
 `` charge your phone , rory . '' 
 `` i will . 
 love you . '' 
 `` love you , too . '' 
 i hung up and had to sit in my chair and stare into space for a minute . 
 now i was the one who felt like crying . 
 i tried not to dwell on the crisis , but sometimes i thought about it and it made me so angry my hands shook . 
 did those people who took that money have any idea what they 'd done ? 
 what they 'd destroyed ? 
 the money was n't all that important . 
 it was everything else that went with it . 
 i wished i could personally line them all up and give them throat punches . 
 but they were all in jail and awaiting the trial . 
 their bail had been set so high that none of them could pay it , which was a little bit of a relief . 
 i allowed myself a few tears , but i wiped them away as quick as i could , blew my nose and then ate my strawberry frosted donut . 
 the sugar helped with the heartache and the remnants of the hangover , but i still did n't know what to do . 
 lucah . 
 i wished lucah were here . 
 i mean , he was , but not across from me . 
 we could n't sneak off to the soundproofed conference room for a tryst like we could not that long ago . 
 now we could n't so much as have a conversation without drawing suspicion . 
 i missed him . 
 i allowed myself a few minutes of moping before i wiped my eyes , checked my mascara , turned my computer on and opened my door . 
 i could feel lilia watching me , wondering if something bad had happened , so i just nodded and mouthed , i 'm fine . 
 i was n't , but she did n't need to know that . 
 i was n't going to let anyone else know that things were n't going well . 
 so i threw myself into work , and tried to focus so i could get as much done as possible . 
 i sent lilia out to get me lunch so i could work straight through . 
 i was so immersed that when the reminder for the board meeting popped up on my screen i kicked myself for forgetting about it . 
 we were having board meetings more frequently now , just to try to get the company back on track , and make sure that no other shenanigans were going on . 
 it was a pain in the ass , and it almost felt like a violation . 
 they had ordered a review of nearly each and every piece of paper , every file and more background checks on employees that probed deeper than the initial checks . 
 i called it the inquisition in my head . 
 it had to be done , but it was such an invasive process . 
 they 'd even looked into me , though they did n't tell me about it until after the fact . 
 there was a list of questionable employees that they wanted to get rid of , but they did n't want to do it all at once , so as not to make it look bad . 
 instead they had been doing it gradually , and replacing those people with ones they had handpicked . 
 in addition to the people they 'd hired to do the investigation , they 'd hired a headhunter and had spent plenty of company dollars wooing -lrb- stealing -rrb- rising stars from other tech companies . 
 it was n't my idea , and i thought it was a little underhanded , but i was overruled , so now i was along for the ride . 
 without lucah and the potential for groping , meetings had gone back to being dull again . 
 except when i walked in , everyone 's eyes turned toward me . 
 they 'd all been talking , and had immediately stopped upon my entrance . 
 at least dad was here , since the first item on the agenda was the final interviews . 
 the first interviewee was , to put it delicately , a portly fellow who barely fit into the chair provided for him and burped -lrb- loudly -rrb- several times while answering questions , and never excused himself . 
 the second was better , but he definitely leered at me a few times , and even though he was qualified , he set off my icky vibe . 
 the third was violet cooper . 
 she swept into the room with her head held high , and a smile on her face . 
 she shook everyone 's hand , including mine , and she gave me a firm grip . 
 this girl had obviously had handshake lessons . 
 violet sat in her chair , crossed her ankles and folded her hands in her lap . 
 i glanced quickly around the room , and most of the men were definitely sitting forward in their chairs and looking much more lively than before . 
 even dawn , the head of human resources , perked up . 
 this could be interesting . 
 i wanted to give dad a look , but i resisted . 
 `` so , miss cooper , where do you see yourself in five years ? '' 
 hal got to ask the lead-off question , and then everyone got to alternate . 
 it was an intense type of interview , but it was designed that way . 
 if you could get through this , then you could probably hack working here . 
 i 'd been through it and i still remember how terrified i was beforehand , almost to the point of throwing up . 
 `` i see myself on the other side of this table , sitting with all of you . 
 it 's been my dream to work here , and everything i 've done in my life has led to this point . 
 it 's not just that i want to make a lot of money , or have a fancy house . 
 i want to work for this company because it 's a fantastic company . 
 you 're doing good things here , important things , and i want to be a part of it . 
 when i was a little girl and we 'd come into the city , i 'd stand on the sidewalk and look up at this building and swear to myself that i would work in it someday . '' 
 oh , she was good . 
 she 'd definitely rehearsed that speech before coming in . 
 the questions kept firing and she kept nailing her answers . 
 it was almost like she was putting on a performance of the most perfect interview . 
 when she was done , i wanted to stand and give her a round of applause . 
 instead , she thanked everyone for their time , and hoped they would consider her and swept out of the room . 
 there was silence after her exit . 
 `` impressive , '' hal said , looking down at his notes . 
 i had n't made many on her . 
 there just was n't much to say . 
 no wonder she 'd made it past the first round . 
 `` she was very impressive , '' dad said , nodding . 
 `` especially for being so young . '' 
 he threw a wink in my direction that i hoped no one else saw . 
 there was a brief discussion on her impressiveness and then it was time for more candidates . 
 i wondered if the lack of outstanding -lrb- with the exception of violet -rrb- candidates had anything to do with the company 's current negative press . 
 it had to . 
 somehow we made it through , and there were only three standouts . 
 violet , a man who had been working in the industry since its infancy and a woman who had degrees galore and was so self-possessed she could have hal shaking in his boots with just one look . 
 i liked her , but there was something about violet cooper . 
 we decided that the decision had to be made right away , so we could get the new person in as quickly as possible . 
 the voting was democratic , but dad could veto if he wanted . 
 it was n't unanimous in violet 's favor , but she was chosen by a narrow margin . 
 hal did n't vote for her -lrb- no surprises there -rrb- , but i did and so did dad . 
 i had to say , despite any misgivings about how she got here , i was looking forward to having another young female down the hall . 
 this company needed more women . 
 i would never , ever say my dad was sexist , but he did have a tendency to hire other older white men to work for him . 
 that was also part of the nepotism . 
 but those guys would n't be around forever , and plenty of our interns were female and were doing an excellent job . 
 once the interviews were done , it was on to the last item . 
 `` several of us have talked and we think we should push the launch back . '' 
 i wanted to ask him to repeat what he 'd said , because at the last meeting , they 'd been all for it . 
 the f ** k ? 
 `` what about mr. clarke ? 
 should n't he be in on this discussion ? '' 
 the room went absolutely silent when i said it . 
 just as i expected . 
 i did n't talk much in meetings , except to say `` yea '' or `` nay '' when we voted on things , and when i had to present something . 
 `` i already signed off on it , '' dad said , not looking at me . 
 okay , there was a lot more to that story than i was getting , but i was n't going to start something in front of everyone . 
 the vote was quick and it passed . 
 if pushing the release meant less work for dad , then i was all for it . 
 i 'd been for it in the beginning , but they 'd acted like i was the crazy one . 
 something had caused them to completely flip flop and that something was making me very nervous . 
 dad vanished after the meeting , saying he was off to play golf , and getting several slaps on the back from some of the other board members . 
 i was still trying to figure out what the hell happened as i walked back to my office . 
 i walked right past lilia 's desk and into my office and shut the door . 
 i still had a few more hours before i could leave and put this week behind me with my friends and lucah . 
 lucah . 
 i picked up the phone and dialed his extension . 
 `` lucah blythe , how can i help you ? '' 
 i could tell by his formal tone that he had people either near him , or watching him closely . 
 crap . 
 `` hello , mr. blythe , i just had some things to discuss with you , but that can be done at a later time . 
 sorry for bothering you . '' 
 i hung up quickly so neither of us would say anything incriminating . 
 i got a text a few seconds later . 
 what 's wrong ? 
 do you need me to come up ? 
 no , i was just doing my normal thing and freaking out about things that probably did n't need to be freaked out about . 
 i 'm fine . 
 just being me . 
 i 'll see you later . 
 xoxo his response was quick . 
 let me know if you 're not fine . 
 or if you need to do some pacing . 
 see you later , sunshine . 
 i spent the rest of the afternoon trying to figure out what was going on , and what i could do about it , and i finally came up with a solution , but it would require lucah 's cooperation . 
 i hoped beyond hope that dad playing golf was a good sign , and that it had to do with him wanting to push the launch all of a sudden . 
 this was a good thing , so why was i freaking out about it ? 
 `` i 've never met anyone as paranoid as you , '' lucah said as we walked toward the t terminal . 
 we alternated taking cabs and riding the t most days . 
 `` you really take it to a whole new level . '' 
 `` shut up , '' i said , punching his shoulder . 
 `` ouch . 
 you know it 's true . 
 it 's crazy to try to coordinate this when we 're still reeling from everything else . 
 and it will be less stress on walter . 
 so what 's wrong with that ? '' 
 i glared at him . 
 `` it 's suspicious . '' 
 he burst out laughing . 
 `` of course it 's suspicious . 
 i was just playing devil 's advocate . 
 and i 'm guessing by the look on your face that you want me to do what i do best and maybe do some detective work . '' 
 he looked at me with a self-satisfied smile . 
 `` bastard . 
 you knew i was going to ask all along . '' 
 `` i 've been waiting and waiting for you to ask . 
 in fact , i 've been checking into things ever since i changed positions . 
 do you want to know what i found ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , do i ? '' 
 `` i know you , and i know that you would want to know . '' 
 he waited for me to get myself together . 
 `` okay , tell me . '' 
 the second the words were out of my mouth , i wanted to reel them back . 
 lucah took a deep breath . 
 `` they want to get rid of walter . '' 
 4 i probably should n't have screamed , `` you ca n't be f ** king serious ! '' 
 on the crowded sidewalk , but it was n't the worst thing anyone had yelled in boston , i was sure . 
 i did get a dirty look from a woman who hurried her children along past us . 
 `` this can not be happening . 
 how can they do that to him ? '' 
 `` they think his leadership is n't strong enough . 
 they think that he 's been too lax , '' lucah said calmly as we kept walking . 
 i was still in semi-shock . 
 `` is that what you think ? '' 
 `` of course not . 
 but that 's what they think . 
 so they 've been using the headhunter to find someone new . 
 someone they can control . 
 they 've also been meeting with the stockholders and trying to win them over so they have enough votes to do it . '' 
 `` and dad knows nothing about this ? '' 
 lucah shook his head . 
 `` as far as i know . '' 
 `` we have to tell him . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` sunshine , you have got to calm down . 
 normally i find your freak outs cute and only somewhat annoying , but you do n't need to do this right now , '' lucah said an hour later after trying to get me to sit down and breathe and do yoga poses or some such shit . 
 i could n't sit . 
 my mind was spinning too much and i had to keep moving . 
 had to . 
 could n't stop . 
 `` i do need to do this . 
 they 're trying to take his company away from him . 
 after he gave them jobs . 
 i just ... i ca n't believe it . 
 what makes them think they have the right ? '' 
 i threw my hands in the air again and lucah just nodded and waited for me to wind down . 
 i had n't been this wound in a long time , but it was for good reason . 
 and then something occurred me that i had n't thought of . 
 `` if they get rid of him , are they trying to get rid of me ? '' 
 one look at lucah 's face was all i needed to confirm it . 
 then i stopped pacing . 
 `` oh my god . '' 
 suddenly i felt as if i 'd been slammed with a thousand punches at once and almost knocked to the floor . 
 but lucah moved fast and caught me before that happened . 
 `` they ca n't do that . 
 they ca n't do that . '' 
 if i said it enough times , maybe it would be true . 
 `` it 's going to be okay , rory . 
 shhh . '' 
 i was n't crying , but i felt like i wanted to . 
 clarke enterprises was my life . 
 i 'd grown up toddling its hallways , and wearing giant corporate t-shirts to bed , and helping my mother plan the company ball and bringing my dad lunch . 
 it was my second home , and i never even considered working anywhere else . 
 that would be inconceivable . 
 the idea that it could be taken away from me was too much to take . 
 `` i did n't want to tell you . 
 i 'm so sorry , but i waited until you asked , because i did n't want to drop it on you . 
 look , this is n't final . 
 it 's not a done deal , rory . 
 do n't give up yet . 
 we can fix this . 
 i know you , and you 're not the kind of girl who gives up . 
 i do n't think we should tell walter about it yet until we know more . 
 okay ? '' 
 somehow , lucah 's words cut through the foggy mess of my freak out , like a knight slashing his way through a battlefield of enemies . 
 this was why i loved him . 
 without lucah , i would have gotten out of the frenzy eventually , but it would have taken time , and it would have taken me a much longer time to get to realization that i was n't the kind of girl who gave up . 
 i was a goddamn fighter . 
 with sassy red heels . 
 but with him there to help bring me out of my worst , he helped bring me to my best . 
 i hoped i did the same for him . 
 i looked up at him and slowly wrapped my arms around his neck in a tight hug . 
 he hugged me back and kissed my earlobe . 
 `` do you want to keep pacing , or do you want me to take you on the floor right here and make you forget about work for a little while ? '' 
 he dragged my earlobe through his teeth and then blew on my neck , causing a riot of shivers . 
 i 'd gone , in one moment , from total shock , to total desire . 
 lucah sure knew how to flip my switch to the on position . 
 every time . 
 `` i 'll take the second , '' i said as he licked the spot on my neck and then blew on it . 
 `` i was hoping you would . '' 
 he let go of me and reached to the back of my head to take my hair down . 
 after running his fingers through it and giving me a kiss on the tip of my nose , he started unbuttoning my shirt . 
 i was n't wearing one of sloane 's creations , but he still seemed happy with the simple red lace bra he uncovered . 
 i had n't let him see me get dressed this morning so i could surprise him with it . 
 his fingers fluttered over the fabric as his mouth kissed a trail from my neck , to the hollow of my throat , and then down to the swell of my br ** sts . 
 the kisses moved across the very top of where the bra ended . 
 he was going to make this slow . 
 i lifted my arms from my shirt and it fell to the floor . 
 lucah got down on his knees and kissed down my belly to the waist of my skirt . 
 `` turn around . 
 slowly . '' 
 his voice was rough , and his cheeks were flushed . 
 i loved that i could read so many of his emotions that way . 
 even the tips of his ears were pink . 
 i turned around , and he kissed his way around my stomach until he got to the zipper in the back of my skirt . 
 i waited for him to unzip it , but nothing happened . 
 i could n't tell if he was just trying to build the anticipation , or if maybe there was a giant spider on my back , or he 'd been seized by the sheer beauty of my ass . 
 i waited as long as i could . 
 `` something wrong ? '' 
 `` i 'm just wondering if i should take your skirt off . 
 or maybe i should leave it on ? 
 what do you think i should do ? '' 
 yup . 
 he was teasing me . 
 we 'd played these kinds of games before and they always left me frustrated beforehand , but heightened the experience . 
 `` i want you to take it off . 
 unzip it and slide it down my hips . '' 
 `` yes , miss clarke . '' 
 the skirt was finally disposed of , and i stepped out of it and kicked it to the side before turning around to face him . 
 `` now help me get my nylons off . '' 
 he hooked his fingers on the edge of the nylons and pulled them down my hips and to my feet . 
 that was one of my favorite things . 
 it was almost like he was peeling away a layer of my inhibitions and tossing them aside . 
 he ran his hands up and down my legs and then buried his face in the v between my thighs . 
 i put my hands in his hair and just held him there for a moment . 
 `` look at me , '' i said and he tipped his face up . 
 i put one finger in his chin dimple . 
 `` i love you , '' i said . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 `` show me , '' i said . 
 `` show me with your mouth and your hands and your dick . 
 that 's all i want from you . '' 
 i bent and gave his lips a quick kiss before getting down on my knees as well . 
 he grabbed a few pillows from the couch and put one under my head as i laid back . 
 `` take my panties off , '' i said , which he did . 
 `` now show me . '' 
 did he ever . 
 with lips and tongue and fingers , he showed me and made me come , three , four times . 
 i still had my bra on and he 'd barely even kissed my lips , but i did n't mind . 
 i just needed a release of tension , of energy . 
 of something . 
 sex was the best solution to being stressed i 'd ever come up with . 
 `` turn over , '' he said . 
 i liked it when he took over . 
 i let him because it was just as sexy as when i got to tell him what to do . 
 `` turn your head to the side and put the pillow under it . '' 
 i did as i was told and then he lifted my hips so my backside was up in the air . 
 i heard him moving into position behind me , and unzipping his pants . 
 `` you have such a great ass , sunshine . 
 i fell in love with this the first time i saw you walking away from me . 
 i knew that i wanted to see what it looked like under that tight skirt . '' 
 he stroked my ass and i was about ready to lose it again . 
 he kissed each cheek and then teased my entrance . 
 `` you have n't told me what you wanted me to do . 
 so here i am with your lovely ass in the air and a hard cock , and i do n't know what to do about it . '' 
 `` fuck me with it , '' i said , my voice a little muffled by the pillow . 
 `` what ? 
 i did n't quite catch that , '' he said , stroking my entrance again . 
 `` fuck me right now . '' 
 `` well , okay , okay . 
 all you had to do was ask . '' 
 he waited one more second , and then he plunged into me with one hard thrust that made both of us cry out . 
 lucah grabbed onto my hips and pulled out and then pumped himself into me again before setting a punishing pace that drove my face into the pillow and i knew was going to leave bruises on my knees . 
 thank god for thick rugs , or else it would be a lot worse . 
 `` i. love . 
 you . 
 and . 
 your . 
 ass . 
 so . 
 much , '' he said with each thrust . 
 i was close to coming again , so i reached one hand between my legs and worked at my piercing . 
 `` i love you too and i love that you love my ass , '' i gasped as i came again . 
 if he had n't been holding me up , i would have collapsed . 
 he came hard a few thrusts later . 
 when we were both finally sated , he rested his head on my ass . 
 `` we should probably get ready . 
 we 're supposed to be at the bar in ten minutes . '' 
 oops . 
 we were meeting sloane , marisol and chloe at the bar to have dinner and drinks and watch open mic night . 
 i was looking forward to lucah getting up on the stage and singing for me again . 
 but the drama with the board and then the floor sex had kind of made me forget about it . 
 `` okay , '' i said , still panting . 
 `` but i need a shower first . '' 
 actually , i needed to relearn how to move first . 
 lucah helped me turn over and then get into a sitting position . 
 `` did that help take your mind off things ? '' 
 he gave me a kiss and added a little tongue . 
 `` yes . 
 i want to be stressed out all the time now . 
 you know you just gave me positive reinforcement , so now when i think about freaking out , i will think of mind-blowing sex and then i will want to be stressed . '' 
 he leaned down and lightly bit my knee . 
 `` you 're ridiculous sometimes . '' 
 `` says the man who kept all of his pictures and personal items behind a locked door in his apartment and would n't let his girlfriend see them . 
 pot and kettle , lucah . '' 
 i started to get to my feet and lucah stood and helped me get up . 
 i rushed through my second shower of the day and rushed around to get my shit together . 
 my phone was blowing up from my friends asking me where the hell i was , if i was dead , or if lucah and i had been screwing our brains out . 
 the last one was from sloane , who knew me too well . 
 `` braid ? '' 
 lucah said as i ripped a brush through my hair . 
 i nodded and then started re-doing my makeup while he did a quick french braid and then wrapped the end into a bun . 
 i nearly stabbed myself with the mascara brush and i dropped one of my earrings and we had to find it , but within a half hour i was bar ready . 
 lucah had it easy . 
 he just swapped his work clothes for a t-shirt and distressed jeans . 
 lucky bastard . 
 `` do i look okay ? '' 
 it was n't bad for only having a few minutes to get ready . 
 `` sunshine , you could be covered in stinky garbage and i would think you looked fabulous . 
 i 'm not really an objective party , but i will tell you , looking at you from behind makes me want to tell you to text your friends and say that you ca n't come so i can put you on your knees and f ** k you from that position again . '' 
 he stepped forward and cupped said ass and squeezed it . 
 `` that was exactly the look i was going for , so i think i nailed it . '' 
 `` i 'd like to nail you . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 i 'd allowed myself to bask in sexy bliss for a little while , but i felt bad about going out on the town when dad did n't know that his entire board of directors/friends were determined to stab him in the back and take the thing he cared about most -lrb- after his family , of course -rrb- away from him for a very stupid reason . 
 `` you 're thinking about it again . 
 i can see it on your face . 
 how about this ? 
 how about i come with you on sunday to dinner and we 'll both tell him . 
 i can bring some of the documents i 've found and so forth and maybe we can head this off before anything happens . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 `` you would do that ? '' 
 `` of course i would . 
 and not just because we 're together . 
 what they 're doing is shady , and wrong . 
 i could n't sit back and let it happen when i could do something about it . 
 you 're not in this alone . 
 there are two of us . 
 and this is what i 'm good at . 
 this was my life for a long time . 
 i can do this . 
 trust me ? '' 
 how could i not with a speech like that ? 
 he was right , and it made my heart swell to think that i was n't in this alone . 
 that when things felt like they were too much , he would be there to hold me up , and help shoulder the burden . 
 love made impossible things seem much more possible . 
 `` i trust you . '' 
 he gave me a quick kiss and then smacked me on the ass again before turning around . 
 i paid him back by getting him with both hands . 
 `` your ass is pretty awesome too . '' 
 `` you were having sex , were n't you ? '' 
 sloane said by way of a greeting when we walked into the bar and found our usual table . 
 lucah was able to push people aside with his guitar case as he towed me along behind . 
 `` i just could n't help myself . 
 hello ladies , '' lucah said , pulling out the chair for me to sit . 
 it appeared that they were already one or two drinks in . 
 this could be an interesting evening . 
 i was going to take it easy because of all the wine last night , so when lucah asked what i wanted , i ordered a soda . 
 `` your life makes me want to hate you , '' sloane said , clearly on her second drink , in spite of last night . 
 `` but i love you , so never mind . '' 
 `` so , what 's new ? '' 
 i said to change the subject . 
 `` you 're not the only one who got laid , '' marisol said , pointing at chloe , who grinned and sipped at her martini . 
 `` um , details , '' i said . 
 it was about time . 
 she 'd had such a hard breakup and was just getting back on her feet and smiling and being happy again . 
 a little sex was just what she needed . 
 `` it was really a one time thing . 
 met her at the gym and i took her home for a little workout . 
 and then she did this thing that reminded me of-of someone , and then i cried and made her leave . 
 so yes , i did get laid , but that kind of killed the buzz . '' 
 she downed the rest of her drink and plunked the glass on the table . 
 `` aw , babe i 'm sorry , '' i said , rubbing her arm . 
 `` there are other girls in the sea . '' 
 she pouted and stared into her empty glass . 
 `` a good woman is hard to find , '' she said . 
 `` especially one that plays for my team . 
 you bitches are all too f ** king straight . '' 
 `` if i have a few more drinks , that could change , '' sloane said with a wink . 
 `` how many times have i told you that if you had penis , i would be with you ? 
 how many times ? '' 
 marisol said , forcing chloe to look at her . 
 `` more times than i can count , '' chloe said , and finally cracked a smile . 
 lucah came back with my soda , a whiskey and water for himself and another round for all of my friends . 
 `` if only you had a vagina , '' chloe said sighing and taking her drink from lucah . 
 he gave me a look . 
 `` just go with it . 
 it 's a compliment . '' 
 `` i dated a ginger girl once , '' chloe continued , still staring at lucah . 
 `` she was crazy in the bedroom . 
 some of the best sex i 've ever had . '' 
 `` must be a ginger thing , '' i said , poking lucah in the stomach . 
 he took it in stride . 
 `` redheads do it better . '' 
 it was true . 
 after drinks , we ordered pizza and wings , and lucah went to sign himself up to sing . 
 he would n't tell me what song he had lined up . 
 i had to practically beg him to sing at home , or trade sexual favors . 
 i did n't mind so much because he usually sang and played shirtless , or naked and that just led to me getting sexual favors . 
 win-win-win-win situation . 
 but we had to suffer through several terrible singers first . 
 there were a few who might not get eliminated in the first round of american idol , but most were pretty awful . 
 there was much booing and throwing of napkins and so forth . 
 if there was one thing that was true about bostonians , it was that we would always tell you what we think . 
 it 's in our dna . 
 it was finally lucah 's turn and our table cheered him on , and there were wolf whistles and several inappropriate comments . 
 some of them may have come from me . 
 i neither confirm nor deny it . 
 `` hello everyone . 
 tonight i 'll be singing an oldie , but one that 's still true . '' 
 he sat on the stool and settled his guitar on his lap . 
 he began strumming and i did n't recognize the song until he started singing . 
 `` forever young '' by bob dylan . 
 he looked at me and winked . 
 lucah 's voice was n't anything like dylan 's , but it did n't really matter . 
 he took the song and made it something new and fresh , but it also stayed true to the original . 
 a few guys at one of the tables started singing along , and a few more people joined in and before we knew it , there was a bar-wide sing-along happening . 
 i did n't think that was anything i 'd seen before . 
 but that was lucah . 
 he could make things happen like that . 
 there was a round of applause and lots of cheering and hollering when he finished . 
 and of course i was beaming with pride . 
 so much so that i almost felt like i was going to cry . 
 ridiculous , i know . 
 he headed right for me when he came offstage and i put my arms around him and gave him a kiss that had the potential to turn into something much , much more . 
 it did n't matter that there was a bar full of people . 
 hey , they could get dinner and a show . 
 `` you 're getting rewarded for that later , '' i said in his ear and squeezed his ass . 
 `` i heard that , '' sloane said . 
 `` good . 
 i meant you to . '' 
 she probably was n't going to remember this in the morning . 
 more drinking and bad singing followed , and lucah was asked to sing again , this time he did the matt nathanson song he 'd sung the first time . 
 if he was trying to get in my pants , it was working . 
 not that he had n't just been there a few hours before . 
 i stuck to water and soda , and watched as my friends got more intoxicated . 
 got ta admit , it was pretty fun when you knew you were the only one who was going to remember anything the next day . 
 chloe got so drunk that we were even able to talk her into going up and singing . 
 her voice was reminiscent of dolly parton with a nora jones twist . 
 that sounded like a bizarre combination , but when chloe sang , people listened . 
 she had that same quality as lucah did . 
 mesmerizing . 
 it also caused her to get hit on by men , which was one of the reasons she preferred not to sing in public . 
 there was a moment of stunned silence when she finished as everyone came back from wherever she 'd taken us all . 
 she stumbled back to the table , which was shocking , because she 'd been completely lucid for the song . 
 lucah cut everyone off , to the tune of many boos and lots of soggy napkins being thrown at him . 
 we got all the girls into cabs and made sure they were getting where they were supposed to go . 
 lucah had only had the one whiskey , and i had n't had any , so we walked for a little bit , enjoying the cool nighttime air . 
 the city was still alive and kicking , and music and laughter spilled out from the restaurants and bars into the streets . 
 `` you ready for tomorrow ? '' 
 i 'd almost completely forgotten about going with lucah to meet his family . 
 that was probably a good thing , because i had n't had much time to fret and work myself up about it . 
 in contrast with everything that was happening at work , it was n't that big of a deal , actually . 
 `` i hope they like me , '' i said , and i knew what his answer would be , but i needed him to understand how seriously i took this step , and how much i valued it . 
 `` i 'm not even going to dignify that with a response , because you 're being ridiculous again , sunshine . '' 
 he put his arm around me and pulled me close as we walked . 
 `` but i want you to . 
 i like it when you reassure me . '' 
 he gave me a look . 
 `` you want to walk home ? 
 or take a cab ? '' 
 `` walk all the way home ? '' 
 it was quite a trek . 
 i 'd never done it before , but i 'd probably never been sober when i 'd left the bar before either . 
 `` we could try . 
 but you might have to carry me . '' 
 i was used to wearing heels , but walking a long distance on uneven sidewalks was different than walking on tile floors and carpeting at the office . 
 `` the things we do for love , '' he said and picked me up . 
 i squealed . 
 `` you did n't have to do it right now ! 
 i do n't want you to hurt your back . '' 
 he just shook his head and carried me a few more feet before setting me down . 
 `` rory , you would never break my back . 
 there 's not enough of you . 
 shit , sometimes i wonder how it is that women have such warped perceptions of themselves . '' 
 `` well , we could get into media and how it brainwashes us with an ideal that does n't even exist outside of photoshop , but let 's not go there . '' 
 he smiled and we just kept walking . 
 `` are you sure they 're going to like me ? '' 
 5 `` it looks pretty like that , '' lucah said the next morning when i took my hair down . 
 i 'd left it in the braid all night , and now it was beach-wavy . 
 lucah ran his fingers through it and separated some of the waves . 
 it did look pretty good . 
 i should do it like that more often . 
 i was fussing about my appearance . 
 i did n't want to look too formal , but i also wanted to make a good impression . 
 i finally settled on dark jeans , a pair of my red heels -lrb- for confidence -rrb- and a black and white nautical-looking t-shirt with a pair of silver hoops for my ears . 
 lucah was also casual in another pair of distressed jeans and a jimi hendrix shirt . 
 `` you 're so cool , lucah . 
 you 're like , way too cool for me . '' 
 that earned me another slap on the ass . 
 i definitely was n't going to let him make us late by getting me naked again . 
 `` should we bring anything ? 
 oh my god . 
 i should bring something , right ? 
 can we stop somewhere so i can get something ? '' 
 my mind started racing , trying to think of what little girls would want , and remembering what i had loved when i was little . 
 ponies ? 
 mermaids ? 
 lucah put both hands on my shoulders . 
 i was being much more neurotic than usual , and i was afraid i was going to lose it one time too many and he would realize i was too much work ... there i went again . 
 freaking out about freaking out . 
 `` i 'm okay , '' i said , putting my hands up . 
 `` i 'm good . 
 had a moment of weakness . 
 resorted to my old ways , but i am going to change and try to be less of a worrywart . '' 
 that was the nice way to put it . 
 `` i 'm proud of you . 
 that is a very worthy goal . 
 and no . 
 you do n't have to bring anything , but if you want to stop , we can stop . '' 
 i got a kiss on the forehead for that one . 
 a little while later we walked to the parking garage where lucah was keeping his car . 
 i did n't even know he had one until he told me about it . 
 `` in addition to my stuff , my pictures and everything , '' he said as he led me up the stairs of the garage to almost the top level , `` this car has been with me through everything . 
 until you , there was very little , other than my family and my job , that i loved as much as this car . '' 
 he paused next to a vehicle covered in a white cloth . 
 i thought it was a sedan , by the shape . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 i had rarely seen him this excited . 
 like a kid on christmas morning who knew he was getting a pony . 
 with a flourish , he whipped the cloth off the car and let it fall onto the concrete . 
 very dramatic . 
 okay , so i did n't know much about cars . 
 but i knew that this was something special . 
 it was electric blue and looked like a bad boy in an 80s movie would drive it to pick up the young , innocent girl and do wicked things with her in the backseat . 
 i wanted to do wicked things in the backseat . 
 one quick look showed me that they were black leather . 
 nice . 
 `` it 's a 1985 chevy camaro . 
 i wo n't bore you with all the details , but it 's a sweet ride . '' 
 he put his hand on the hood , like he was petting a dog . 
 or an old friend . 
 it was both cute and a little disturbing . 
 but i could appreciate getting attached to something like this . 
 i looked down at my red shoes and clicked my heels together . 
 yeah , i could understand getting attached to an inanimate object . 
 `` does it have a name ? '' 
 i said , leaning on the back . 
 `` no , i do n't have a name for my car , '' lucah said , giving me a look . 
 `` what ? 
 a lot of guys name their cars . 
 especially when they 're very important cars . '' 
 he just shook his head and came around to the passenger side to open my door for me . 
 `` ooohh , i like this . 
 we should go driving more often , '' i said , and got in . 
 the interior of the car was spotless . 
 i was afraid to touch anything for fear of getting fingerprints on it that he would have to wipe off later . 
 lucah got in and smiled at me . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 `` this is a fine piece of machinery you have here . 
 what 's her name ? '' 
 i asked him again , because i knew , without a doubt , that this car had a name and i was going to get it out of him . 
 it was my experience that whether it was cars or ships , they were almost always female . 
 he shook his head and then mumbled something under his breath . 
 `` what ? 
 i did n't quite catch that . '' 
 i put my hand at my ear . 
 `` bluebird . 
 her name is bluebird . '' 
 he blushed as he said it , which made me laugh . 
 `` well , nice to meet you , bluebird , '' i said to the dashboard . 
 `` may you drive fast and true . '' 
 lucah started her up and she roared to life . 
 he revved the engine and the sound shattered the quiet of the parking garage . 
 stealthy , we were not . 
 lucah revved the engine again , and backed out of the space as i buckled my seatbelt . 
 then he hit the gas and we screeched around the corner . 
 i held onto the door and tried not to scream . 
 `` you 're not scared , are you ? '' 
 he said as we rounded another corner and burned some rubber . 
 `` nope , '' i squeaked . 
 `` i trust you . '' 
 it was the car i did n't trust . 
 and other drivers . 
 and things falling from buildings and rogue construction cranes and cinderblocks and a million other things that could hurt us while we were in this car . 
 `` you ride in cabs all the time , and you trust those guys ? '' 
 well , i never really thought of it that way . 
 `` great , now i have to be nervous about cabbies , '' i said as we left the garage and merged onto the busy street . 
 lucah 's brother and his family lived outside the city in lexington , one of the nicer suburbs . 
 he and his family had grown up poor , but it seemed as if lucah and his older brother , tate , had managed to turn it around and be successful . 
 and then there was ryder . 
 `` does ryder ever come up to visit ? '' 
 i asked as we sat in traffic to get over the zakim bridge . 
 `` no . 
 he and tate do n't get along . 
 it would n't be a good situation , with the girls there , so ryder avoids it . 
 which is probably a good thing . 
 if you wan na plug in your phone , you can . 
 i rigged it up to play through the speakers . '' 
 i got out my phone , plugged the cord in and turned on the radio . 
 simple minds blasted through the speakers and nearly deafened me . 
 `` yeah , i forgot to tell you that i like to listen to music pretty loud when i drive , '' lucah said , turning the volume down . 
 `` what 's up with the song ? '' 
 `` sloane and i watched the breakfast club the other day , so i had the song stuck in my head . '' 
 i put the music on shuffle and skipped to the next song , which turned out to be a version of `` clarity '' , similar to the one that we 'd listened to when we 'd danced at the ball . 
 i watched lucah 's face and he smiled when he recognized it . 
 `` i never saw the appeal of a ball until i saw you coming down the stairs in that dress . '' 
 it was at sloane 's studio now because she could store it much better than i could . 
 `` i could get it from sloane and put it on again and we could have a reenactment . '' 
 `` i like this plan . 
 can we reenact the part after the ball ? 
 not that the dancing was n't fantastic , but the removing of the dress and so forth was more fantastic . '' 
 my ladyparts quivered with the memory of that night . 
 we broke some new sexual barriers after the ball , and i was pretty sure i saw through space and time a few times . 
 `` that was pretty fantastic , '' i said , putting my hand on his , where it rested on the shifter . 
 was there another term for it ? 
 i had no idea . 
 it did n't really matter . 
 we crossed the bridge and hopped on the highway and i realized how few times i 'd left the city in the past few months . 
 i 'd always wanted to travel , but i 'd always been working , so the only travel i 'd done was for work , and i 'd been either stuck in a boardroom , or a hotel room or an airport . 
 `` we should go somewhere , '' i said . 
 `` is n't that what we 're doing right now ? '' 
 `` obviously , but what i mean is that we should go somewhere , go somewhere . 
 like on a trip to a faraway place . '' 
 he started laughing . 
 `` what 's funny about that ? '' 
 `` i just gave up my nomadic existence and now you 've got the travel bug ? '' 
 oh . 
 he did have a point . 
 `` it was just a suggestion . '' 
 `` no , no . 
 i 'm not down on it . 
 i 'd love to travel with you . 
 most of the traveling i 've done was by myself , but it would be much more fun with you . 
 where would you want to go ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 have you ever been to maine ? '' 
 `` actually , no . 
 i have n't . 
 that is one state that i have n't yet been to . '' 
 `` we have a camp up there . 
 i 'm sure my parents would n't mind if we went up for a weekend and used it . '' 
 i was still trying to plan the trip with my friends , and that was still proving to be impossible . 
 `` and maybe we could take your parents with us . 
 get walter out of the office for some relaxation , '' lucah said , and i was pissed that i had n't thought of it first . 
 `` i love you , '' i said , leaning over and giving him a kiss on the cheek . 
 `` i know , '' he said with a satisfied grin as he hit the accelerator and we flew along the highway . 
 while lucah drove , i looked on my phone for a place to stop to get some presents , and i found a little candy shop off the highway , so lucah took the exit . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure you 're going to pass me as their favorite person ever , '' lucah said as we walked into what looked like willy wonka 's wet dream . 
 floor to ceiling walls of candy containers , all in colors so bright they almost hurt your eyes . 
 `` is this what heaven looks like ? '' 
 i said , still staring . 
 `` god , i hope so , '' lucah said , his eyes as big as mine . 
 `` come on . '' 
 he grabbed a basket for himself and one for me . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 he crouched down as if he was a runner , getting ready at the starting gate . 
 oh was that how this was gon na go ? 
 i crouched down next to him and put on my best competitive face . 
 i had no idea what we were racing for , or how we would determine a winner , but that did n't matter because , well , candy . 
 `` set , '' i said . 
 `` go ! '' 
 we yelled at the same time , startling some of the other customers , but i took off and headed right for the jellybeans at the back and lucah went for the chocolate on the right wall . 
 i grabbed a bag and started filling it with my favorite flavors , including buttered popcorn and toasted marshmallow . 
 i had the feeling lucah would like those , given his love of s'mores . 
 i filled several bags and then moved to the gummies . 
 sharks , bears , worms , octopi , even ones shaped like some of the presidents . 
 i looked at my haul and i did n't even want to begin to figure out how many calories and grams of sugar were in this one basket . 
 i looked around and found lucah . 
 the red hair was easy to spot . 
 i snuck up behind him and poked him in the ribs . 
 `` hey , what have you got ? '' 
 he turned and the grin on his face was similar to the one that he 'd had when he showed me his car . 
 i 'd have to add that to the list of things that make lucah giddy . 
 `` they have these . '' 
 he held up what appeared to be two graham crackers with a marshmallow in between that had been dipped in chocolate . 
 `` i also got chocolate and toasted marshmallow jellybeans . '' 
 i pointed to the bag . 
 lucah put his basket down and held my face in both hands . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 we ended up having to get a third basket , because i knew sloane would be very upset with me if i did n't bring something back for her , so i got some mango jellybeans and some gourmet chocolate from switzerland . 
 `` we definitely should n't eat any of this in the car , '' lucah said with a serious face after we 'd checked out . 
 `` no . 
 we should save it . '' 
 we put the bags on the backseat and stared at them for a minute . 
 `` fuck that , '' we both said at the same time . 
 i went for the chocolate covered potato chips and lucah grabbed three of the s'mores bars . 
 we drove the rest of the way trading bites back and forth and licking the chocolate from each other 's fingers as my music played and we argued about which song we should listen to . 
 lucah pulled off the highway and drove down tree-lined streets and past homes that were definitely built recently . 
 people biked on the sidewalks , kids played kickball in a few of the backyards and everything was bright and shiny and new . 
 it was f ** king mayberry . 
 `` wow , this is really nice . '' 
 `` yeah , it kind of freaks me out a bit coming here . 
 this is one of those towns that you see on the news and everyone says that nothing bad could ever happen there , and then you find out there 's a serial killer or a meth lab or something . '' 
 he shook his head and turned onto a side street . 
 `` pessimistic much ? '' 
 `` it 's been my experience that places like this are ideal for hiding things . 
 but it 's not my choice to live here , and the schools are good , i guess , and there are n't any sex offenders . '' 
 `` how do you know there are n't any sex offenders ? '' 
 `` because i checked . 
 i also checked to make sure there were n't any convicted criminals . 
 tate asked me to , but do n't mention anything about it . 
 april does n't know . '' 
 was it possible for something to be both creepy and sweet at the same time ? 
 because that was . 
 if he was that protective of his nieces , i could n't imagine how protective he 'd be over his own children . 
 our children . 
 whoa . 
 that was a thought i was not ready to think . 
 not even close . 
 go away , baby thoughts ! 
 i did joke about having his ginger babies , but that was just for fun . 
 i was n't serious about it ... `` we 're here , '' he said , pulling into the driveway of one of the houses . 
 i had to be honest , it looked pretty much like all the others , except for the two pink bicycles in the yard , and the trampoline . 
 lucah turned bluebird off and got out . 
 and i started to panic . 
 the front door burst open and two little screaming girls emerged , hair flying behind them as they threw themselves at lucah and he caught both of them , twirling around as they shrieked . 
 i got out and braced myself on the car for a minute as i walked around to join them . 
 lucah had tossed both girls down on the ground and was tickling them into submission . 
 `` hey , hey , '' he said , pulling them up . 
 i remembered that gracie was four and fiona was two . 
 gracie had n't gotten the red hair gene -lrb- her hair was dark -rrb- , but fiona had a mop of bright red curls that tumbled in her eyes . 
 they stared up at me with wide eyes as if i was some sort of alien invader . 
 `` this is my friend rory . 
 can you say hello ? '' 
 two seconds ago they were screaming , but now it they 'd swallowed their voices . 
 `` hi , it 's so nice to meet you , '' i said , crouching down . 
 gracie sort of glared at me from under her dark bangs . 
 i nearly gasped because her eyes were almost exactly like lucah 's . 
 fiona was more curious and moved forward . 
 `` rory ? '' 
 she said in her sweet little voice . 
 `` yup , this is rory . 
 can you give her a hug ? '' 
 lucah said , pushing her forward . 
 fiona put her little arms around my neck and then she pulled back and smacked a kiss on my cheek . 
 `` rory , '' she said , resting her head on my shoulder . 
 `` are you going to be a grump , or are you going to say hello ? '' 
 fiona was whispering my name in my ear and patting my back as a man who could only be tate walked out of the house , followed by a woman with dark hair who was n't much taller than i was . 
 `` looks like fi has a new friend , '' tate said . 
 yup . 
 he was definitely a blythe . 
 unlike lucah and ryder , however , his hair shaded toward blonde , and he was n't as tall or as bulky as ryder . 
 he also had glasses and a little bit more of a nerdy vibe . 
 he leaned down and stroked fiona 's hair . 
 `` it 's nice to finally meet you , rory . 
 we 've heard a lot about you . '' 
 people always say that when you meet them , and it always gave me a sense of dread . 
 i had no idea what lucah could have told them . 
 tate crouched down as well , and so did april . 
 we were all on kid level . 
 `` it 's nice to meet you , '' i said putting out my hand and he shook it . 
 april came over and whispered in gracie 's ear . 
 `` hi rory , so nice to meet you . '' 
 i shook hands with april as well , and gracie was the last holdout . 
 `` you know , gracie girl , if you 're real nice to rory , i bet she 'll let you play with her hair . '' 
 i smiled , like this prospect was exciting . 
 in reality , imagining those chubby little fingers pulling at my hair was a bit horrifying . 
 `` hi , '' gracie finally said with a little wave . 
 `` hi , gracie . '' 
 i waved back . 
 `` i brought you something . 
 do you want to see it ? '' 
 the prospect of presents made her eyes light up . 
 `` go with rory and see what she brought you , '' april said , pushing gracie toward me . 
 lucah picked fiona up and gracie took my hand and i opened the door of the car . 
 `` i did n't wrap it - '' i started to say , but gracie dove for the bags . 
 `` candy , candy , candy ! '' 
 mayhem ensued . 
 gracie and fiona both went for the bags , some of which were n't for them , but for sloane , and all four adults tried to get them under control without a meltdown , and i ended up apologizing a million times for bringing candy . 
 oh , there were tears and carrying on and i was freaking out and wishing lucah had talked me out of the candy idea . 
 somehow , tate and april got the two now-sobbing girls to give up most of the candy and only keep a small bag of jellybeans and gummy presidents each . 
 `` they 'll forget about it in about ten minutes . 
 their memories are pretty short , '' lucah said in my ear . 
 `` trust me . '' 
 we all went toward the house and i prayed that i would n't screw anything else up . 
 `` i 'm really very sorry about that , '' i said as lucah closed the door behind me . 
 `` it 's not your fault , i assure you . 
 both of them are overdue for their naps , but they wanted to stay up and see unkie lu . '' 
 unkie lu ? 
 i gave him a look and he shrugged . 
 `` it 's hard to say uncle lucah . '' 
 the house was gorgeous , and it was clear whoever had decorated it liked the finer things . 
 or at least they had , but then children had taken over . 
 the banister was covered in fingerprints and what looked like paint , there were toys and clothing items and more socks than i could count strewn about as if someone had taken them and thrown them into the air . 
 `` uh yeah . 
 sorry about the mess . 
 it was clean five minutes ago , '' april said sheepishly . 
 `` no , no . 
 your house is lovely . '' 
 `` it used to be . 
 but that 's what happens when these little monsters come along . 
 they kind of take over your life and your space and your sanity . '' 
 april grinned at me . 
 i laughed nervously . 
 i hoped she was joking . 
 the sounds of crying stopped and tate brought both the girls back out . 
 to the left of the entry was the living room , and on the right was a formal dining room with a table covered in coloring books and stuffed animals . 
 `` see ? 
 no permanent damage done . 
 can we get you something ? 
 water ? 
 glass of wine ? '' 
 dear god , could i use a glass of wine . 
 but i did n't want to look like a lush , so i asked for water with ice . 
 lucah had the same . 
 `` lucah 's told us so much about you , i feel like we 've already met , '' april said as she set the girls up on the floor with a box of crayons and two coloring books . 
 well , i could n't really say the same . 
 lucah was very close-mouthed about his family . 
 `` good things , i hope . '' 
 i looked at lucah and he gave me a face of feigned innocence . 
 `` they better be good things . '' 
 i glared at him , and he put his arm around me and kissed the side of my face . 
 `` do n't be so paranoid . '' 
 i could n't help it . 
 i sipped my water and prayed for someone to say something else that would start a conversation i could excel at . 
 `` well , you seem to know about me , but lucah has n't been as forthcoming about you . 
 except for the girls . 
 he talks about them all the time . '' 
 said girls were wrestling each other over a crayon . 
 april broke up the fight by taking the crayon and breaking it in half , giving one to each . 
 like king solomon , only in this case she 'd actually cut the baby in half . 
 or the crayon . 
 tate and april both laughed . 
 i was missing the joke . 
 i glanced at lucah and his ears were getting red . 
 `` we 're just surprised he told you anything at all . 
 he 's not exactly forthcoming with anyone , '' tate said . 
 `` not an open book , are you ? '' 
 he slapped lucah on the knee . 
 `` he 's always been like that , though . 
 even when we were kids . '' 
 i could n't really imagine lucah as a child . 
 i was kind of hoping that childhood photos would make an appearance sometime during this visit . 
 `` well , he put up quite a fight , '' i said . 
 `` i had to . 
 it was my job . '' 
 that made tate laugh again . 
 `` he used to pretend to be a spy growing up . 
 he would invent an alias and a personality and refuse to answer to anything else . 
 i think a lot of parents would have told him to stop pretending , but mom and dad always went along with it . 
 even that time when you were a doctor . 
 what was your name again ? '' 
 `` dr. harold oglethorpe , '' lucah said . 
 his arm tensed around my shoulder . 
 now he was the one stressing . 
 tate shook his head , smiling . 
 there was definitely an older brother/younger brother dynamic going on here . 
 `` so , tate , in the interest of disclosure , what do you do ? '' 
 it was a terrible transition , and made it very clear that i was changing the subject . 
 `` i 'm a corporate attorney at a firm in cambridge . '' 
 `` impressive . 
 i thought about going to law school , but i always knew i wanted to work for my father . 
 still , i guess i could always go back . '' 
 `` how are things going with the company ? 
 you 've had some ... difficulties recently , or so i 've heard , '' tate said . 
 at least he 'd tried to put it delicately . 
 i sighed . 
 `` that 's a bit of an understatement . 
 things are ... we 're doing the best we can , but reassuring our clients is a full-time job right now , and we 've been struggling to fill the positions that are now vacant while at the same time doing enough background checks to make sure the same thing does n't happen again . '' 
 we talked some more about my company and how i 'd started working there , and april jumped in . 
 she ran a non-profit that helped out-of-work women -lrb- many of them single mothers -rrb- get back on their feet with job training and interview skills and professional attire . 
 i 'd liked her immediately , but after she told me what she did , i liked her even more . 
 she reminded me of my own mother . 
 gorgeous and put together , and able to tackle anything with a serene smile . 
 the girls had two more fights that she broke up without even raising her voice . 
 april blythe was one of those women . 
 the ones who had it all . 
 i wanted to hate her , but i was in awe , so i could n't . 
 after the initial ice was broken , we moved into the kitchen where april had quite a spread set out . 
 `` i did n't bake any of this , '' she confessed to me . 
 `` i was going to pretend that i had because i was trying to impress you , but then i was worried about you asking for a recipe , so i figured i should just be upfront . '' 
 i would n't have asked for a recipe , and knowing the food that sloane could turn out , i would have stayed in ignorance . 
 `` your secret is safe with me , '' i whispered back as i picked up a little jam and cheese tartlet . 
 `` momma , i want a cookie ! '' 
 gracie said , tugging at her mother 's skirt . 
 `` cookie ! '' 
 fiona shrieked , trying to push gracie out of the way . 
 `` you may each have one cookie . 
 remember that candy you had ? '' 
 they both shook their heads . 
 april sighed . 
 `` cookies have lots sugar . 
 if you eat too much the sugar monster will come and nibble on your toes while you 're sleeping . '' 
 she growled and tickled both of them , and then handed each a cookie and told them to go sit at the little kid-sized table in the corner of the room to eat . 
 tate and lucah were chowing down on what looked like shrimp and chicken skewers on the other side of the kitchen . 
 `` god , i hope that bit about the sugar monster does n't send them to therapy when they 're older . 
 but you do what you can , right ? '' 
 april gave me a tight smile and grabbed a tartlet herself . 
 `` so , you and lucah are living together now . '' 
 `` uh , yes . '' 
 `` i 'm not trying to interrogate you , '' she said , putting her hand on my shoulder . 
 `` i 'm just , well , i 'm shocked . 
 but you have to know by now that he 's not the kind of guy who jumps into a commitment like that . 
 which means you must be pretty darn special . '' 
 the guys came over , as if they sensed what we were talking about . 
 `` hey , '' lucah said , putting his arms around my waist from behind and resting his head on my shoulder . 
 `` hey , '' i said , turning my head and giving him a smile . 
 `` what were you talking about ? '' 
 he said , swaying us back and forth . 
 `` none of your business , mr. blythe , '' i said , grabbing another tartlet and holding up for him to eat . 
 unlike in the car , he did n't lick my fingers . 
 april and tate were both watching us , and it was almost as bad as being caught mid-coitus . 
 i had a tendency to forget anyone else was around when i was with lucah . 
 in addition to the getting emotional at random moments and the urges to declare my love almost constantly . 
 side effect of love . 
 i moved away from him and grabbed another tart . 
 those things were addictive . 
 april started talking about the company ball . 
 lucah had shown her some pictures he 'd covertly taken of me coming down the steps . 
 i had n't known he 'd taken him . 
 stealthy . 
 `` where did you get that dress ? '' 
 april said as she showed me the pictures on her phone . 
 thankfully , i was n't making a weird face in any of them . 
 or at least not in any of the ones that lucah had sent her . 
 `` my best friend made it . 
 she 's a designer . '' 
 `` oh , right . 
 sloane . '' 
 lucah had told them about sloane as well ? 
 lucah tensed up again at the mention of her name . 
 `` wow , i guess you know pretty much everything , '' i said . 
 i was a little pissed that lucah had n't informed me the extent he 'd told them about me and everything else . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i 'm a little nosy . 
 your life just seems so glamorous . 
 i 'm a little jealous . 
 you 're going off to balls and the most exciting part of my day is finding cheerios in my bra . '' 
 that made me laugh , and then the girls came over again , begging for more cookies . 
 to distract them , april mentioned something about showing me their rooms , and that was all it took . 
 ten minutes later i was sitting on the floor of a room that was purple as far as the eye could see and getting a tiara put on my head . 
 `` now you 're the princess , '' gracie said . 
 the ceremony to make me a princess had been quite elaborate and required me to submit to having my hair brushed -lrb- yanked , tangled , teased -rrb- , my face covered in glitter , and a cape being put on my shoulders . 
 `` well , thank you so much . 
 i 've always wanted to be a princess . '' 
 `` unkie lu is the princess too , but you can be the princess today . '' 
 a chuckle made me turn my head and i saw `` unkie lu '' standing in the doorway with his arms crossed , watching the coronation process . 
 `` what do you think ? 
 should i wear more glitter to the office ? '' 
 i batted my eyelashes at them . 
 `` shoes ! '' 
 fiona yelled . 
 i 'd taken my heels off , and she was trying to put them on . 
 lucah came to help her and somehow he got her standing and shuffling as she squealed with glee . 
 `` i wan na try ! '' 
 gracie said , abandoning the tiara and going for the shoes . 
 girls after my own heart . 
 then there were shoe races from one end of the room to the other , which were quite hilarious . 
 `` rory ? 
 lion . 
 grrrr , '' fiona said , turning her hands into claws and throwing herself at me . 
 i caught her and she kept growling and trying to claw me . 
 i tried tickling her sides , and that seemed to work as she collapsed and giggled while gracie slid from one end of the room to the other in my shoes . 
 `` i do n't think you 're getting them back , '' lucah said . 
 `` i have other pairs . '' 
 `` rory ? '' 
 gracie said , skating past us . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` do you do sex ? '' 
 for a second , i thought i 'd misheard her sweet voice . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 she stopped skating and faced me , her hands on her hips . 
 `` do you do sex ? '' 
 i looked at lucah and i could tell he was trying not to laugh . 
 i had no idea what to say . 
 `` um , i think that 's something that we should talk to mommy and daddy about , okay ? '' 
 lucah said , picking her up and throwing her over his shoulder . 
 my shoes dropped to the floor . 
 i stood up and put them on and fiona held her hands up . 
 `` uppy , uppy . '' 
 i lifted her up and settled her on one hip . 
 god , she was a lot heavier than she looked . 
 were children more dense or something ? 
 maybe it was the candy and the cookies . 
 we took the girls downstairs and lucah whispered in april 's ear what gracie had said . 
 her eyes went wide and she looked mortified . 
 `` i am so sorry . 
 she asked about where babies come from last week , so we 've been talking about that kind of thing . 
 we wanted to give her the right terminology and so forth . 
 i am so , so sorry . '' 
 i glanced at lucah and i could n't hold it in anymore . 
 i lost it . 
 holding onto my knees and gasping , tears running down my face kind of laughing . 
 the kind of laughing where you feel like you 've gotten a workout . 
 what made it even worse was gracie hopping around asking , `` what so funny ? '' 
 lucah laughed with me and eventually tate and april joined in and a chuckle was had by all . 
 after we recovered , april took the girls -lrb- kicking and screaming -rrb- upstairs for their very overdue nap , and i was left with the blythe men . 
 `` so i know he 's going to kill me for it , but i 'm guessing you 've never seen any pictures of lucah growing up , and i just happen to have some . '' 
 he walked back into the living room and pulled an album off a high shelf in the hutch next to the television . 
 `` i have n't , actually , '' i said , looking at lucah . 
 he 'd tensed up again . 
 what was it about his childhood that he did n't want me to see ? 
 i knew he 'd been poor . 
 why would seeing pictures make any difference ? 
 `` you knew i had to do this , '' tate said to lucah , who was silently fuming . 
 `` mom and dad would have done it , if they were here . '' 
 at the mention of his parents , the room got really quiet and still . 
 tate cleared his throat and turned to the first page of pictures . 
 there he was . 
 my lucah blythe , boyish , with that out of control hair and those lovely eyes . 
 he smiled up at me -lrb- sometimes missing a front tooth or two -rrb- from each picture . 
 christmas , birthdays , first day of school , here he was . 
 his whole history that i had n't been a part of . 
 i sat on the couch and kept turning the pages . 
 there were a few of him cuddling with his mother , and fishing with his father . 
 a hand stopped me from turning to the next page . 
 lucah sat down next to me and stared at the pictures . 
 he got his hair from his mother . 
 she had the kind of beauty that was timeless . 
 curvy and with a face that looked like it was pulled from a skincare ad . 
 his father was built like him , with a ruddy complexion and lucah 's sideways -lrb- and cocky -rrb- smile . 
 a tear fell from my eyes and dropped onto the album . 
 i wiped it away , but another one was right behind it . 
 i turned to look at lucah and he was crying too . 
 his childhood had been a poor one , moneywise , but the love that radiated from his grinning face in every picture made my heart twist . 
 tate and april had left the room , so it was just the two of us . 
 i put the album on the coffee table and leaned into lucah and he put his arms around me . 
 i cried , and he cried and our tears mixed together and fell on our laps . 
 neither of us said a word , but sometimes , you did n't need words . 
 you just had to let yourself feel . 
 `` i love you , '' i said , holding his face like he so often held mine . 
 `` i love you so much . '' 
 his eyes were red and swollen , but in that moment he was so beautiful . 
 `` i love you , too . '' 
 he pulled me forward and our lips met for a wet and salty kiss . 
 but his lips were sweet and warm as they moved with mine . 
 `` thank you for letting me see this , '' i whispered as i broke the kiss . 
 `` thank you for letting me in . '' 
 `` i did n't want to . 
 you tricked me , sunshine . '' 
 he tweaked my nose and wiped my eyes with his thumbs and then i did the same for him . 
 `` i did n't know i was going to need tissues for this visit , '' i said getting up and going to get my purse from the table in the foyer . 
 i knew i had a pack of tissues in there somewhere . 
 i fished through until i found them and then lucah and i blew our noses at the same time . 
 tate cleared his throat from the back of the room and lucah and i both turned . 
 `` sorry about that . 
 i was n't thinking , '' he said as april peered at us from behind him . 
 `` it 's okay , '' lucah said . 
 `` i 've got to face it , and get used to it . 
 do you think i could take some of those with me ? '' 
 `` we can do you one better . '' 
 tate nudged april and she brought out another album , which turned out to be identical to the first . 
 `` we had the negatives , so we had copies made . 
 i 've been holding onto them for a while because i knew you were going to want them eventually . '' 
 lucah took the album and brushed some dust off the cover . 
 `` thanks , tate . '' 
 he got up and they hugged , which i could tell was n't a common occurrence . 
 `` i have one for ryder too , if he ever gets his head out of his ass . 
 what 's he up to now ? '' 
 lucah let out a long sigh and set the album down . 
 `` he 's ... i have no idea where he 's working , but he has an apartment , if you could call it that . '' 
 `` is he still doing drugs ? '' 
 `` he seems lucid when i see him , and he does n't seem high , but i really do n't know . 
 i 'm doing my best , but he 's twenty-three years old . 
 and i 'm not mom or dad . '' 
 tate just shook his head and april patted his shoulder . 
 `` i feel like i should do something , but i just know it would blow up in my face , '' tate said , his face pinched with stress . 
 `` i 'd give him money if i knew he was n't going to spend it on drugs , or some other stupid thing . 
 i do n't know what to do . '' 
 we all stood there in stumped silence until a little voice called `` momma ! '' 
 from upstairs . 
 `` duty calls , '' april said , heading for the stairs . 
 6 `` you did amazing . 
 i knew you would , '' lucah said as we pulled out of the driveway and waved good-bye to tate , april and the girls . 
 i was absolutely exhausted . 
 kids were tiring . 
 `` it was pretty awkward there at the beginning . '' 
 i grabbed another chocolate-covered potato chip and munched on it . 
 it was nearly dinnertime , and i hoped i could convince him to stop somewhere so we could eat . 
 or at least go through a drive-through . 
 `` no it was n't . 
 you 're crazy . '' 
 `` uh , it definitely was . 
 i do n't know what you saw , but there was plenty of awkward going on . '' 
 he shook his head and slowed down to a crawl through the neighborhood . 
 `` you were great with the girls . 
 i 'm pretty sure you are the princess now . '' 
 i pointed at him with a chip in my hand . 
 `` damn right . 
 i 'm the f ** king princess . 
 and do n't you forget it . 
 wow , it feels good to curse without worrying about ruining impressionable minds . '' 
 `` once again , you 're ridiculous . '' 
 he grabbed the chip and chomped on it . 
 `` i 'm starving . 
 do you mind if we stop somewhere ? '' 
 if i could have hugged him , i would have . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 when we got back -lrb- after stopping at five guys burgers -rrb- , sloane was waiting in our apartment , sitting on the couch as if perched atop a throne . 
 had n't we just talked about this ? 
 and had n't she promised to stop doing this ? 
 `` hey mr. ginger , mrs. ginger . '' 
 oh , i was `` mrs. ginger '' now . 
 i liked the sound of that . 
 `` hi , miss intruder , '' i said , dropping my bag . 
 lucah was carrying the bags of candy and some extra burgers and fries from five guys . 
 you could never have too much five guys in your house . 
 `` how was it ? '' 
 she said , getting up . 
 `` oohh , what did you bring me ? '' 
 `` nothing until we talk about boundaries again . 
 i thought you were going to stop popping in whenever you wanted . '' 
 i snatched the bag from lucah and held it behind my back so she could n't get to it . 
 `` i was watching your valuables and keeping them safe from burglars . 
 so really , you should be thanking me . '' 
 `` are you f ** king serious ? '' 
 `` not really . 
 what did you bring me ? '' 
 she was worse than gracie and fiona , but i thought i 'd found the source of her constant pop-ins . 
 sloane was lonely and she missed me . 
 i could n't fault her for that . 
 i missed having her around too , even though i loved living with lucah . 
 there was something about living with your best girlfriend that was completely different than living with your boyfriend . 
 i still wanted to impress him , and keep him under the illusion that i never do things like fart , or clip my toenails . 
 i did n't have to do that with sloane . 
 `` well , we stopped and got some candy for the girls , so we brought you some mango jellybeans and some fancy chocolate that is up to your exacting standards . '' 
 she took the bag and skipped a little . 
 `` you are the bestest friend ever ! '' 
 she squealed and i got a strangling hug . 
 it was kind of like gracie and fiona when i 'd given them candy . 
 but without the crying . 
 `` okay , okay , '' i said and she let go . 
 `` so what 's up ? 
 how 's the world of fashion ? '' 
 lucah took the burgers and fries and put them in the fridge , and then went to go take a shower to give us some privacy . 
 because he was the prefect boyfriend . 
 she was still having problems with her lingerie line , but she seemed more optimistic about it , which was great . 
 she still needed an assistant . 
 `` i 've got a bunch of college students i could shove your way , '' i said . 
 lilia would probably be fabulous at it , since she already had excellent fashion sense . 
 but i did n't want to lose my newfound coding genius . 
 i was going to hold onto her with all my might . 
 i was stuffed from the burgers and i could feel a food coma setting in when i remembered what i had to do tomorrow at dinner with my parents . 
 crap , i should probably call them and inform them that lucah would be joining us . 
 `` listen , i have to call my parents , '' i said , hoping she would take the hint . 
 she did , taking her candy and waving good-bye . 
 lucah was still in the shower , so i seized my moment and called my mother . 
 `` rory , what a pleasant surprise . 
 are n't you going out tonight ? '' 
 normally i would , but i was too wiped from the day . 
 `` no , just having a quiet night in . 
 we went and visited lucah 's family today and i met his nieces . '' 
 `` how lovely . 
 did it go well ? '' 
 `` i think so , at the end . 
 he and his brother are really different , but i really like him , and his wife and the girls were absolutely adorable . '' 
 beyond adorable . 
 i told her the story about them sliding around in my shoes and that made her laugh . 
 `` speaking of lucah , that 's why i 'm calling . 
 would it be okay if he came with me for dinner tomorrow ? '' 
 i was n't going to tell her why so she did n't alarm dad . 
 `` that would be good , i think . 
 i barely got to talk to him at the ball . 
 you 're living together and i do n't even know him , except from what you and your father have told me . '' 
 uh oh . 
 she was still a little hurt that fin and i were n't going to live happily ever after . 
 even though she 'd seen him with marisol at the ball , some dreams took a while to die . 
 i cleared my throat to hopefully dispel some of the tension . 
 `` okay , great . 
 well , that was all i had to ask so i 'll see you tomorrow . 
 love you . '' 
 `` ca n't wait . 
 love you too . '' 
 lucah came into the living room wearing just a towel , his freckled chest glistening with water , and his hair dripping in his eyes . 
 he was a god . 
 i had a god living in my apartment . 
 i had n't gotten to have my way with him yet today , and after all the stress and chaos of meeting his family , i needed another release , only this time i was going to give him one . 
 `` do you want some coffee ? '' 
 he knew i did n't mean coffee . 
 i stopped right in front of him and slowly got down on my knees . 
 `` maybe . 
 do you do sex ? '' 
 he said dropping the towel . 
 `` yes , yes i do . '' 
 i did sex . 
 i did it until his hand clenched in my hair and he came in my mouth , grunting my name . 
 we took bluebird to my parents ' house . 
 i knew dad was going to go nuts over it , as men do when a car is involved . 
 i also thought it would help soften the blow that we were going to deliver . 
 `` so how should we do this ? 
 before dinner , after ? 
 not at all ? '' 
 i said as i gave lucah directions to the house . 
 `` you were the one who was insistent that we had to tell him . 
 why the change ? '' 
 `` because i 'm afraid he 's going to freak out , like me , and have a heart attack . 
 his blood pressure has never been good and he 's been on the verge of it for so long . 
 i do n't want to push him . 
 i could never live with myself if that happened . '' 
 i did n't even want to think about it for fear that it would jinx something or f ** k something up in the cosmos . 
 `` he needs to know so that we can do something about it . '' 
 that was the bottom line . 
 he had to know so he did n't get blindsided . 
 because that would definitely push him over the edge . 
 i nodded reluctantly . 
 `` okay , let 's do it as soon as we can . 
 but gently . 
 if that 's possible . 
 i might need you to do it so i do n't freak the hell out . '' 
 `` i will do whatever you need me to do . '' 
 `` you 're perfect . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 i tensed up for a different reason when we got to my house . 
 with all the worry about telling dad , i had forgotten about the fact that i was apprehensive about lucah seeing my house . 
 i 'd only given him sketchy details about it . 
 it seemed like a silly thing , but i had seen money come between couples too many times to believe that it did n't matter . 
 `` this is it , '' i said pointing . 
 why was my house so f ** king big ? 
 had it always been that big ? 
 or was i just now noticing its bigness ? 
 `` wow , '' he said , turning the car off and peering up through the windshield . 
 `` yeah . 
 i never really think about it , i guess . 
 it 's just home to me . '' 
 he got out and then opened my door . 
 unlike yesterday , he 'd dressed formally in one of his work suits , and i was wearing one of the dresses that sloane had made me . 
 it was red , of course . 
 lucah stood in front of the door , as if he expected me to knock . 
 i gave him a look and started laughing . 
 `` we can go in . 
 it 's my house . '' 
 i opened the door . 
 `` we 're here , '' i called out . 
 mom came dashing around the corner with the biggest smile on her face . 
 it was n't fake , either . 
 no one could rock a fake smile like my mother , but this was genuine . 
 `` lucah , it 's so nice to see you again . '' 
 she held her hand out and he shook it . 
 `` thank you so much mrs. clarke . '' 
 she did n't offer to let him call her by her first name , not that he would . 
 she might have been his girlfriend 's mother , but she was also his boss ' wife . 
 `` rory , can i take your coat ? '' 
 i took it off and she took lucah 's jacket as well . 
 his eyes darted around the house and assessed it . 
 `` would you like the tour ? '' 
 mom said , sweeping her arm out . 
 `` yes , that would be great . '' 
 only the very tips of his ears betrayed how intimidated he was . 
 i took his hand in mine as mom led us through the downstairs . 
 he especially liked the dorky childhood posed photographs of me that were everywhere . 
 `` fair is fair , '' he whispered in my ear as i tried to hide one of them behind a vase of flowers . 
 `` you got to see mine , now i want to see yours . '' 
 `` you 've seen mine . 
 many times . '' 
 i whispered back . 
 mom was oblivious as she talked about a painting . 
 `` where 's dad ? '' 
 `` oh , he 's just making a phone call . 
 he 'll be right out . '' 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` so he 's been bringing his work home with him ? '' 
 instead of taking it easy and working less , he was just bringing it home . 
 lovely . 
 `` which means he did n't listen at all to either of us . '' 
 she shook her head , and pasted on her fake smile in front of lucah . 
 he might be my boyfriend , but he was a guest and she wanted to make a good impression . 
 just like i 'd wanted to with his family yesterday . 
 `` ah , there he is . '' 
 dad came out of his study and seemed startled to see us all there . 
 `` hi , dad . '' 
 i went and gave him a hug , an extra tight one . 
 `` mr. clarke . 
 nice to see you outside of the office , sir . '' 
 lucah shook his hand and dad smiled . 
 `` same to you , mr. blaine . 
 or blythe . 
 still getting used to the name change . '' 
 lucah smiled and i could feel a moment of awkward silence coming . 
 but as soon as she felt it , mom escorted us into the dining room and had us sit down . 
 i looked at lucah . 
 `` now ? '' 
 i whispered to him as dad and mom brought in the dinner . 
 tonight it was baked chicken with grilled artichokes and brussels sprouts , with a lemon sponge cake for dessert . 
 we all served ourselves and once our plates were full of food , i cleared my throat . 
 `` dad ? 
 can we talk about something with you ? '' 
 `` now ? 
 ca n't it wait until after we 've eaten ? '' 
 lucah nudged my leg under the table . 
 it was now or never . 
 `` no , it ca n't wait . 
 um , so lucah informed me that , well ... '' i trailed off . 
 i could n't say the words . 
 before i could ask him to finish for me , lucah opened his mouth . 
 `` there really is n't a way to put this delicately , mr. clarke . 
 the board of directors wants you gone and has been meeting in secret to try to figure out a way to oust you . '' 
 well , i could n't have put it better . 
 dad put his fork down , steepled his fingers and rested his chin on them . 
 `` i know . '' 
 7 `` you know ? '' 
 i nearly fell out of my chair . 
 lucah was just as stunned beside me . 
 mom wore a grim smile on her face . 
 `` i 've known for a long time . 
 i might have been in the dark about all the recent unpleasantness , but there is no way i would n't be aware of this . 
 i expected it . 
 why would n't they try to oust me ? 
 some very illegal things happened on my watch . 
 in their eyes , it was my fault for being incompetent . 
 so . 
 i know , and i 'm doing what i can to take care of it . '' 
 `` meaning what ? '' 
 was this why he was spending so much time in the office ? 
 it all made sense now . 
 `` you do n't need to worry about it . 
 i have it under control . 
 now how about we eat and talk about much more pleasant things ? '' 
 he picked up his fork and that was the end of the discussion . 
 mom asked lucah about the visit to his brother 's house , flipping the conversation onto safe ground . 
 the food was fantastic , as usual , and i ate too much , as usual . 
 what was n't usual was lucah . 
 he 'd recovered from the initial stumble of the announcement that did n't need to be made and the he was on . 
 i swear , i 'd never seen him so f ** king charming . 
 not even when he was trying to charm his way into my pants . 
 he made my mother laugh and complimented dad and managed to make me blush and fall even more in love with him . 
 `` he 's fantastic , rory , '' mom hissed in my ear as lucah and dad discussed camping . 
 `` i know , '' i said , and my heart squeezed a little . 
 `` i was n't sure at first , but the way he looks at you and the way he talks about you . 
 just the way he says your name . 
 you can tell a lot about how someone says your name . '' 
 my mother was a wise woman . 
 `` so dad knew ? '' 
 i seized my moment to ask her about it . 
 `` shh , you need to take that up with your father . 
 i do n't want to get in the middle of it , hmm ? '' 
 to which i nodded and agreed . 
 her tone did n't invite argument . 
 `` so he knew , '' was the first thing lucah said when we got in the car . 
 after dad had gone over and gushed about it to lucah and the two of them had reverted to five-year-olds with a new toy . 
 `` i ca n't believe that never occurred to me , but of course he would have known . 
 he 's not an idiot . 
 he 's been doing this for longer than i 've been alive , and doing it damn well . 
 i 'm just wondering how he 's handling it , and i hope that the handling does n't get in the way of his health . 
 that 's my biggest concern . '' 
 lucah nodded and shifted into a higher gear . 
 there really was n't anything to do about it . 
 we 'd just have to wait . 
 `` this sucks . '' 
 `` that 's a pretty accurate assessment . '' 
 once again , i was exhausted , and i had to go to work tomorrow . 
 sometimes i wished i had a less-intense job where i could call in sick and watch movies in my pajamas all day , but it was not to be . 
 `` i have an idea , '' lucah said after we got back to the apartment , finding it sloane-free . 
 `` why do n't you sit here and i 'll get a bath drawn for you , and then i will give you a massage that may or may not end with me f ** king you with my mouth . 
 how does that sound ? '' 
 `` amazing , '' i said , flopping on the couch and lying back on the pillows . 
 `` okay , i 'm gon na get that going . '' 
 he gave me a peck before going to the bathroom and turning the water on in the tub . 
 i missed the tub at his old place . 
 it was much nicer than mine , but sacrifices had to be made when we moved in together . 
 a few minutes later lucah came out and picked me up from the couch and carried me into the bathroom . 
 he 'd lit every single candle i probably owned , including the scented ones . 
 the smells all blended together , like a bouquet of flowers , and cast warm light over us . 
 lucah set me down and undressed me before lifting me up and depositing me in the tub . 
 the water was almost scalding hot , just the way i liked it . 
 `` wait there . '' 
 he left the room . 
 i 'd hoped he would be naked so he could join me in the tub , but he came back with his guitar . 
 je-sus christ . 
 a hot bath , candles and a serenade ? 
 was this real life ? 
 was i hallucinating ? 
 lucah started strumming and playing random slow , romantic songs . 
 nothing heavy , just mellow tunes . 
 i wanted to close my eyes , but i did n't want to stop watching him . 
 he always closed his eyes when he played , as if to give all his senses over to the music . 
 even without his voice , the music had power , and i could feel the tension and stress melting away from my body , leaving contentment in its place . 
 by the time we got to the massage , i was going to be completely boneless and spineless . 
 maybe i would n't be able to work tomorrow . 
 i rested my chin on the edge of the tub and watched lucah play . 
 best part of my day . 
 the guitar abruptly stopped . 
 `` you 're watching me . '' 
 he opened his eyes . 
 `` do you not want me to watch you ? 
 it 's kind of hard not to watch you . 
 you 're sexy when you play . 
 you 're sexy all the time , but especially sexy doing that . '' 
 he strummed once and held the strings so they would stop vibrating . 
 `` my dad taught me how to play . 
 on this old beaten-up guitar that he 'd won in a poker game . 
 he 'd take my fingers and try to put them on the strings , but they 'd always slip , so he 'd put his fingers on them , and then mine on top of his so i could learn . 
 he taught tate and ryder , but they did n't like it as much as i did . 
 it was like this special thing we shared . 
 just the two of us . '' 
 he plucked random notes as he talked . 
 `` that 's sweet . '' 
 i 'd seen pictures of them playing together , lucah on his father 's lap with the guitar resting on both of them as he tried to play with fingers that were n't quite big enough . 
 `` i miss them . 
 sometimes it hits me harder than other times . 
 but it 's always there . 
 missing them . 
 that hole they left when they passed away . 
 but it started feeling not so empty when i met you . '' 
 he looked up from the guitar and his eyes burned like the flames on the candles . 
 it almost took my breath away , what he said and the way he said it . 
 `` that 's a lot of pressure . '' 
 and intimidating . 
 i knew he loved me , but that was something different . 
 `` i did n't mean it that way . 
 i just wanted to tell you how much you mean to me , and that you make me happy , for the first time in a long time . 
 if anyone should be under pressure , it 's me . '' 
 `` you say i 'm ridiculous , now you 're being that way . 
 do you know why i 'm excited to get up in the morning , despite the fact that i hate getting up in the morning ? 
 it 's you . 
 before i met you , i used to get up for my job , and i still love going there every day , but my job never gave me goofy happy butterflies . 
 you do . '' 
 i shrugged my shoulders . 
 i was n't being very eloquent this evening . 
 lucah put his guitar down and leaned his arms on his knees . 
 `` you ready for your massage ? '' 
 the water in the bath was starting to cool , so i nodded . 
 he got a towel and i stood as he wrapped it around me and then carried me to the bedroom , where he had more towels laid out on the bed . 
 he set me down on my stomach and then removed my towel , but buffed my skin dry . 
 i turned my head to the side , but i could n't see what he was doing . 
 he turned on more music , this time soft piano music . 
 the bed dipped as he climbed on and straddled my legs . 
 judging by the fact that i felt his skin and not his pants against my legs , he was naked . 
 something warm drizzled on my back and then his hands started smoothing it out . 
 i moaned involuntarily as he started working on my neck and shoulders using those guitar-playing fingers to play my body . 
 and he knew just which strings to pluck . 
 once he was done with my shoulders he moved down my back , and went even lower , massaging my ass and thighs . 
 i 'd thought it would be weird , having him pay such close attention to areas that i used to think were my problem areas , but he put so much love and desire into his touch that i did n't mind . 
 minding was the last thing i was thinking of . 
 he avoided my ladyparts and then moved down my legs to my calves and feet and even my toes . 
 with one last caress of the bottoms of my feet , he set them down . 
 `` i 'm going to move you , '' he said before he got off the bed and used my legs to pull me down so my lower half was hanging off the edge of the bed . 
 he spread my legs and then his mouth was the one massaging the sweetest of places . 
 he started slow , with long licks and slow kisses and sucks . 
 the build was tender and aching , and when i came , it consumed me . 
 my entire body trembled with the aftermath , and i knew i could n't do it again . 
 but , of course , he did n't stop until i 'd come again . 
 then he closed my legs , picked me up and turned me over . 
 `` stick a fork in me . 
 i am done . '' 
 i said . 
 i barely had enough energy to speak . 
 lucah climbed onto the bed next to me . 
 yup . 
 he was naked . 
 `` i 'd rather not stick a fork in you . 
 i kind of like you and that would be mean , '' he said , brushing his fingers along my shoulder . 
 `` you used to be mean . '' 
 `` i could be mean again . 
 all you have to do is ask . '' 
 i moved some of his hair out of his eyes . 
 `` do you think it 's going to be okay ? 
 with the company ? '' 
 even with the massage and the serenade and the fabulous mouth action , i could n't forget about it . 
 `` i think your father has it under control , and that you need to go to sleep . '' 
 he got up and put the towels in the hamper , blew out the candles in the bathroom and then pulled down the covers and got back into bed . 
 it was a fight to keep my eyes open , as if i 'd had a sedative . 
 i curled into lucah 's body and let his heartbeat sing me to sleep . 
 dad called me the next morning , and i was n't surprised . 
 `` can you come to my office ? '' 
 i walked slowly down the hall , keeping my head down . 
 his face was blank as shut the door behind me . 
 `` so it looks like you 're not going to be the only young one in here , you have to be happy about that . 
 violet starts tomorrow if i 'm not mistaken , '' he said as he sat down at his desk . 
 he looked less gray today , but it was also more clear that he 'd lost some weight , and not in a good way . 
 i hoped things were going to start getting better very soon . 
 i also knew that he did n't call me down here to talk about violet . 
 `` yeah , it 's going to be nice . '' 
 dad and i were almost always on the same page , but i felt like he was reading an entirely different book and he would n't let me see a single word of it . 
 `` are you sure you 've got it under control ? '' 
 his eyes narrowed for a split second and he sat back in his chair . 
 we 'd left things on a strange note , and his assertion that he had things in hand did n't lower my stress level by much . 
 `` yes , and you have to stop asking me that . 
 i appreciate your concern , but this is my job and i 'm going to take care of it . 
 i 've been doing this for a few years , you know . '' 
 he smiled , but i did n't like it . 
 he was being cold and distant , and he was almost never like that . 
 `` okay , '' i said , swallowing anything else i might have to say about it . 
 i 'd tried . 
 mom had tried . 
 there was nothing we could do but support him and be there for him and hope that nothing happened to him . 
 `` so the reason i wanted to see you was that your mother has been begging me , since you left yesterday , to ask you if lucah will be a regular part of our sunday dining experience . 
 if he wants to . 
 i understand the position that puts him in , having dinner at his boss ' house , but your mother is almost as in love with him as you are , i think . '' 
 he chuckled and i saw a little of the dad i had n't seen in a while . 
 it was also such an abrupt change in topic , it took a second for me to catch up . 
 `` i do n't want to answer for him , but i 'm pretty sure he 'd love that . 
 he 's been asking me to let him come for a while . '' 
 `` really ? 
 i thought he was the reticent one . 
 why did n't you want him to come ? '' 
 i really did n't want to discuss this with dad right now . 
 or ever . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i was just worried , i guess . 
 worried about what you would think of him . '' 
 dad 's eyebrows came together in confusion . 
 `` why would anything he 'd say change my opinion of him ? 
 that 's pretty well set already . 
 i did meet with him plenty of times without you there . 
 i 've spent more time with him than you know about . 
 i did n't get angry when i found out that you were both violating the dating policy . 
 and i also did n't say anything about you moving in together . 
 so . 
 i do n't think anything he could do at this point , unless he hurt you , would change what i think about him . '' 
 well . 
 i did n't know what to say to that . 
 i had to think about it for a little while . 
 `` oh . '' 
 that was the best response i could come up with . 
 `` i hate to cut this short , but i have a thousand things to do . '' 
 he got up and i did to and gave him a hug . 
 `` you 're my favorite daughter . '' 
 `` i should hope so , '' i said , `` seeing as how i 'm your only daughter . '' 
 `` oh , that 's right . '' 
 he let go and i walked back to my desk feeling a teeny bit better . 
 if he had his sense of humor , that was something . 
 `` so we 're doing dinner at sloane 's with the rest of the girls ? '' 
 lucah said that night . 
 i 'd already told him about chatting with dad earlier , and he agreed to keep going to dinner with me every week . 
 he 'd also agreed that dad was being cagey , but it was best to leave it alone and wait and see . 
 `` if you 're cool with that . 
 do n't you ever get sick of hanging out with us ? '' 
 `` not at all . 
 i love seeing you together , and your friends are awesome . 
 i 'd like them even if they were n't your friends . '' 
 i held onto his arm as we walked , and even though it was still summer , i could almost taste fall in the air . 
 fall in boston was one of my favorite times of the year . 
 `` and speaking of spending time with people , tate called and he said that the girls have been asking when you are going to come visit again . '' 
 `` that is so cute . 
 i 'd love to go see them again , but minus the candy this time . '' 
 i was never bringing candy again , unless april approved it , or asked us to bring it . 
 `` great . 
 saturday again ? '' 
 `` which means little to no drinking on friday , but i 'm okay with that . 
 after that thursday night wine binge a few weeks ago , i 'm on an alcohol hiatus for a little while . '' 
 lucah laughed . 
 `` my little lightweight . '' 
 drinking was probably the only category i could be considered a lightweight . 
 `` shut up . '' 
 `` this is a terrible game , '' lucah said as we played cards against humanity that night after dinner . 
 it was a traditional girls ' night activity , and once we 'd explained it to him , he wanted to play . 
 but then we actually started playing and he realized how awful of a game it really was . 
 `` you were the one who said you wanted to play . '' 
 `` that was before i looked at any of the cards . '' 
 i just laughed at him and pushed his hair back . 
 `` ugh , i have to go in early tomorrow . 
 we had a bitch quit this week , '' chloe said . 
 `` so i 'm out . '' 
 she got up and we all gave her hugs . 
 `` i should probably go too . 
 i think fin is going to call me . '' 
 marisol 's cheeks turned pink when she said his name . 
 so adorable . 
 having an international love was not all it was cracked up to be . 
 especially with a huge time difference . 
 we hugged and said good-bye and then it was me and sloane and lucah . 
 the three musketeers . 
 sort of . 
 `` you have n't heard from my brother at all , have you ? '' 
 lucah said , completely out of left field . 
 we had n't talked much about ryder lately , and i just assumed that either they had n't been talking , or things were going well . 
 `` uhhh , no . '' 
 she got up and did n't make eye contact as she picked up the cards and put them back in the box . 
 `` very convincing , sloane , '' i said . 
 `` okay , he texted me . 
 once . 
 just asked if i wanted to meet him and gave me an address . 
 i was in the midst of dealing with work chaos , and it was the middle of the day , so i said that i could n't and i have n't heard from him since . '' 
 wow . 
 i was shocked . 
 i thought she would have at least had more contact with him , or even that she 'd hooked up with him , but she had n't . 
 progress ? 
 `` what was the address ? '' 
 she got her phone and pulled up the message and showed it to lucah , who typed it into his phone . 
 `` it looks like an apartment building . 
 he 's been really vague about where he 's living . 
 i 've tried to get him a place , but he 'd rather be a couch nomad . '' 
 `` wow , sounds familiar , '' i said , giving him a look . 
 he sighed and got up from the floor where we 'd been playing cards . 
 `` yeah , yeah . '' 
 he held his hands out to help me up and pulled me close for a quick kiss . 
 instead of glaring at us , or making a comment , sloane wore a wistful look on her face . 
 but as soon as i saw it , she hid it and went to put the cards away . 
 i wondered if we were going to have another conversation where she cried about being a broken puzzle piece . 
 but she said goodnight and i gave her an extra-long hug and promised we 'd do another spa day on sunday . 
 `` she 's so sad , '' i said as lucah locked the door of our place for the night . 
 `` i do n't know what to do to cheer her up . 
 i feel like she 's been slowly getting sadder and sadder and i 'm just now noticing it . 
 i should have seen it sooner . 
 i suck as a friend . 
 i 'm that girl who forgets about her best friend when she gets a boyfriend . '' 
 lucah folded me into his arms and rocked me back and forth . 
 `` you 're not a terrible friend . 
 you 're one of the best friends i 've ever seen . 
 the best you can do is be there and listen , i guess . 
 what would you do if it was me ? '' 
 `` i 'd give you coffee . '' 
 `` okay , bad example . '' 
 and then he looked as if an idea had struck him . 
 i could figure out exactly what that idea was . 
 `` perv . '' 
 i poked him in the ribs . 
 `` no , wait , i think we need to discuss this further . '' 
 i pulled away from him and started walking to the bedroom . 
 `` you can fantasize about me and sloane , or you can come and have just me . 
 right now . '' 
 i pulled at the hem of my shirt , lifting it up over my head and tossing it on the floor . 
 `` i 'll take the second option , please , '' lucah said , taking off his shirt as well . 
 `` i just want you , sunshine . '' 
 sweeter words had rarely been spoken . 
 so i let him take me to the bedroom and have me . 
 several ways . 
 i got to work a few minutes early the next day , partially because i was hoping to get a glimpse of violet and maybe say hello before she got carted off for orientation . 
 as luck would have it , mrs. andrews was chatting with her at the front desk when i got off the elevator . 
 `` rory , have you met violet yet ? '' 
 violet 's hair was held back with a clip , but little tendrils escaped all over her face in a casual-yet-put-together way . 
 effortless , as was her pearl silk top and gray pencil skirt . 
 `` no , not really . 
 welcome to clarke enterprises . '' 
 i got another great handshake . 
 `` thank you so much , i 'm ecstatic to be here . 
 sorry , i 'm a little nervous . '' 
 bullshit . 
 she did n't look nervous in the least . 
 i was about to ask her something else when the elevator opened and lucah stepped off . 
 he went directly for me . 
 `` miss clarke , you dropped your phone - '' he abruptly cut off and stared at violet . 
 all of the color drained from his face , making his freckles stand out . 
 `` vi ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` lucah ? '' 
 she said with an equal mask of shock . 
 what . 
 the . 
 fuck . 
 8 `` you know each other ? '' 
 i said and they both stared at me as if i spoke a foreign language . 
 neither of them answered for a second and then violet started to laugh . 
 `` oh my god , i ca n't believe you 're here . 
 i had no idea . 
 how long has it been ? '' 
 her face went from white to red and lucah 's did the same . 
 `` uh , '' lucah said , clearly flummoxed . 
 i waited for him to get his bearings . 
 i 'd never seen him so off balance before , except the time when he was confronted by an ex-girlfriend . 
 `` it 's been a really long time . '' 
 `` since high school , '' she said , nearly finishing his sentence . 
 oh . 
 wow . 
 she knew teenage lucah . 
 i 'd gone through the photo album and there had been a few pictures of him as a gangly teenager -lrb- i still would have found him attractive , though -rrb- , but apparently this girl had been there . 
 known him . 
 how well ? 
 that was the ultimate question i was waiting for the answer to . 
 `` uh , ror-miss clarke , violet and i went to high school together . 
 we , ah , we were friends . '' 
 i almost felt bad for him , because clearly he was freaking out . 
 i 'd never seen lucah freak out like this before . 
 `` wow , small world , '' i said . 
 `` is n't it ? '' 
 violet was n't looking at me when she said it . 
 then mrs. andrews cleared her throat and the spell over lucah and violet shattered and they came back from wherever they 'd been . 
 memory lane ? 
 `` well , you two should catch up later , but i have to take you , miss cooper , down to see dawn so she can get you all set up with your email and so forth . '' 
 thank you , mrs. andrews . 
 she hustled violet down the stairs and i was left with a still-stunned lucah . 
 until i knew the entire situation , i was reserving . 
 so i waited . 
 `` oh my god . '' 
 it seemed to be the only thing he could say . 
 people kept walking by , and this was n't the kind of conversation we could have in the middle of a hallway . 
 so i tugged on his sleeve and nodded toward my office . 
 i could have a chat with my former assistant if i wanted to . 
 and right now , i wanted to . 
 `` i just have to ask mr. blythe about a project we worked on a few months ago , '' i said to lilia as i opened my office door and he stepped in . 
 i gave her a look that i hoped she understood meant `` hold all my calls '' and shut the door behind me . 
 `` sit . '' 
 he sat . 
 i poured a glass of water from the pitcher lilia had set up on a little table . 
 she also kept little snacks there and always had a fresh cup of coffee in my world 's greatest boss mug . 
 i handed him the glass and he sipped at it . 
 his eyes were practically bugging out of his head . 
 `` calm down , '' i said . 
 `` just breathe for a second . 
 no pressure . '' 
 he nodded and gripped onto the glass . 
 he was shaken up . 
 was it just the shock of seeing her ? 
 or something more ? 
 questions tumbled through my brain at a crazy rate , but i kept them to myself and waited for him to pull himself together . 
 `` we , um , we were friends in high school . '' 
 how close ? 
 i said in my head . 
 out loud , i said nothing . 
 `` she was one of my only friends . 
 she lived in the same trailer park as us and we used to walk to school together . 
 we got ... we got really close , but when i bailed for college , i cut ties and never heard from her again . 
 until now . 
 i ... i really never thought i would see her again . '' 
 clearly he did n't . 
 `` wow . '' 
 what else was there to say ? 
 `` she seemed just as shocked to see you , too . '' 
 i hoped violet said something to mrs. andrews so i could go and talk to mrs. andrews about it later and try to piece this together . 
 lucah coughed and drank more of the water . 
 `` she was my first girlfriend . '' 
 there it was . 
 the thing i knew he was going to say , but that i hoped he would n't say . 
 i mean , i could n't be jealous of him dating a girl in high school . 
 that was ridiculous . 
 right ? 
 `` i never thought i 'd see her again , '' he said again . 
 he looked off into space , as if waiting for some sort of revelation . 
 `` she looks exactly the same , '' he said in the same shocked tone . 
 i almost snapped my fingers in front of his face , but i waited . 
 i waited for him to pull himself out of it . 
 i did n't have to wait much longer . 
 he shook his head once and stared up at me . 
 `` oh god , rory . 
 i 'm so sorry . '' 
 why was he sorry ? 
 hell , i had n't told him the entirety of my dating history either . 
 there were some things that were better left unsaid . 
 but i could n't help that little bitty twinge of jealousy and hurt that he had n't told me , irrational as it was . 
 `` for what ? 
 for not telling me every single detail of your life ? 
 it 's not your fault that through some weird twist of fate she ended up here . 
 that 's life . 
 unless you have control over the universe , then there 's nothing to be sorry for . '' 
 wow , i sounded calm and collected and almost wise . 
 where the hell had that come from ? 
 `` we 'll handle it , like we 've handled everything else . 
 okay ? '' 
 i got up and got on my knees and took his hands in mine . 
 `` and there 's nothing really to handle . 
 is n't this a good thing ? 
 connecting with an old friend ? '' 
 i did n't say anything about the ex-girlfriend part . 
 i was going to avoid that as much as i possibly could . 
 wait and see , again . 
 `` i have to get back to work . 
 we ca n't be alone in your office . 
 how long have we been in here ? '' 
 he got up in a rush and went to the door . 
 `` lucah . 
 calm down . '' 
 my voice was sharp . 
 the voice i used when something i 'd asked to be fixed was n't after the third time of asking . 
 `` we 'll talk later . 
 call me if you need anything . 
 and if you need to leave , then go . 
 whatever you need to do , that 's what we 'll do . '' 
 what a strange role reversal where i was the calm one , and he was the one losing his shit . 
 it was good to know that when i had to be the strong one , i could be . 
 it was also good to know that lucah , like me , could freak out sometimes . 
 it made him more human . 
 and made me love him more . 
 everything he did made me love him more . 
 `` i love you , '' i said , even though it was strictly forbidden to say such things in the office . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 i got a tight and unconvincing smile as he opened the door and headed back downstairs . 
 lilia stared after him and i could tell she was dying to know what was going on . 
 `` just checking up on a project , '' i said , smiling at her , and trying to channel my mother . 
 `` uh huh , '' she said , not even bothering to pretend that she did n't believe me . 
 i went back into my office and closed the door . 
 i needed a moment . 
 i grabbed lucah 's discarded water and tossed the rest of it back . 
 sure , she was probably the first girl he 'd ever loved and she 'd probably taken his virginity and she was here now , stirring up all those memories , and she was gorgeous and she had the red hair so she was one of his own kind ... no , i was n't going to let myself go there . 
 lucah loved me . 
 if i was n't sure of anything else , i knew that . 
 i could hold onto that . 
 and i loved him . 
 so much . 
 i could almost hear his voice in my head , telling me i was crazy , i had nothing to worry about , he loved me , my ass , etc. . 
 and then he would probably try to convince me again to head to the supply closet . 
 that made me smile . 
 he always made me smile . 
 there was a knock at the door , and i opened it . 
 mrs. andrews . 
 `` oh , hello , dear . 
 i just thought i would , ah , check on you . 
 that was quite a shock , was n't it ? '' 
 i let her in my office and shut the door behind her again . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i said , my voice going up several octaves . 
 `` of course you are , because that boy loves you , and if he still loved her , then he would be with her . 
 but he 's with you , because he 's meant to be with you . '' 
 she made it sound so simple . 
 i liked it . 
 i nodded and she patted me on the shoulder . 
 `` besides , she 's definitely too thin . 
 i want to take her out for lunch and feed her . '' 
 she giggled and gave me a wink before leaving . 
 i would deal with that later . 
 now , i had work to do . 
 glorious work that did n't make me think of lucah and his ex and her red hair and long legs at all . 
 my phone rang at eleven thirty , and it was lucah . 
 i took a breath before i answered . 
 `` hey , '' i said . 
 he breathed for a second before he responded with , `` hey . '' 
 `` you recovered ? 
 everything okay ? '' 
 i tried to keep my voice level and calm . 
 `` i think so . 
 i 've , uh , i 've been hiding in my office . '' 
 his office was a lot smaller than mine , and the walls were a lot thinner . 
 `` from violet ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 from everything . 
 you wonder why i do n't talk about my past and part of it is because of my parents and part of it is that , i do n't know , i 'm not ashamed of the way i grew up , but i 'm afraid it 's going to taint what i have now . '' 
 `` that 's ridiculous . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` i 'm just glad to know that you 're as ridiculous as i am about some things . 
 i was beginning to wonder . '' 
 i almost started laughing . 
 i got a sick thrill out of knowing that lucah could get worked up about things . 
 `` can we have lunch ? 
 and by lunch i mean coffee ? 
 i need you . '' 
 his voice changed from a regular whisper to a sexy whisper and i immediately felt my own needs in some key areas . 
 lunchtime sex ? 
 yes , please . 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` my desk ? '' 
 he was n't serious . 
 i waited . 
 `` okay , okay , how about , ah , the hotel around the corner . 
 i hear they have excellent ... coffee cups . 
 that did n't come out the way i wanted it to . '' 
 now that made me laugh . 
 `` a hotel ? 
 how illicit . 
 i 'm game . 
 meet you out in front at twelve ? '' 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 he hung up and i decided that this day had gone from potentially awful to pretty damn good . 
 i counted down the minutes until noon and i was praying that no one asked me for anything so i could get out of the office without incident . 
 fate was in my favor as i grabbed my coat and my purse and nearly skipped to the elevator . 
 and then my glee was brought to a screeching halt as i nearly crashed right into violet . 
 buzz , gone . 
 `` oh , i 'm so sorry , '' i said as we tried to get around each other and did a little dance . 
 `` no , no , my fault . '' 
 we both sort of laughed and i finally made my way to the elevator . 
 i 'd gone from thinking she could be my new best work friend to trying not to imagine her getting hit by a taxi . 
 i shoved her aside in my head and tried to think just about lucah . 
 mmmm , coffee with lucah at a hotel . 
 yum . 
 he beat me to the front of the building and was standing there , waiting for me when i came out , a huge grin on his face . 
 that pushed every thought about the redhead upstairs -lrb- what was her name again ? -rrb- 
 aside as i walked slowly toward him . 
 `` are you ready for coffee ? '' 
 i said , stopping with a few feet of space between us . 
 `` yes , miss clarke , i believe i am . '' 
 he held his hand out and i took it . 
 we were both eager , so instead of strolling , we picked up the pace . 
 i almost suggested taking a cab , but it was literally only two blocks , so it would have been crazy to do that . 
 i made lucah get the room , because i knew what they were going to think . 
 he came back , waving the key card in the air . 
 `` i got it for two days so they would n't think you were a call girl . '' 
 `` well , i think our lack of luggage is going to send up a red flag . '' 
 `` or , maybe , we could come back tonight . 
 have dinner and coffee afterward . '' 
 ooohhh , i had n't thought of that . 
 plus , we could order breakfast in the morning and someone else would wash the dishes . 
 why had n't we thought of this before ? 
 `` what a brilliant idea , mr. blythe . '' 
 `` i have my moments , miss clarke . 
 shall we ? '' 
 he held his arm out and i took it as we walked to the elevator and rode it all the way up . 
 `` the penthouse ? '' 
 i 'd never stayed in a penthouse before . 
 when i went on business trips i always picked the cheapest room because the company was paying for it , and i did n't think they should have to foot the bill for something i did n't really need . 
 `` i 've never stayed in one , and now hopefully they 'll think you 're a classy call girl . 
 you know , like julia roberts . '' 
 yes , i had forced him to watch pretty woman during one of our movie marathons . 
 i kind of felt like her at the moment . 
 without the hooker part , obviously . 
 the room was gorgeous . 
 even better than i thought it would be . 
 i had the sudden urge to run and throw myself on the bed and jump up and down on it like a little kid . 
 but then lucah came up behind me and pressed my ass against the hardness in his pants and i forgot all about jumping on the bed . 
 he swayed my hips back and forth , rubbing against me . 
 `` we could always pretend you were a call girl and i was a rich businessman who hired you purely for his own pleasure . 
 or i could be your call boy and you could be the rich businesswoman , '' he said in my ear . 
 `` are there call boys ? 
 that just sounds wrong . '' 
 `` i 'll be whatever you want me to be . '' 
 i turned around to face him , putting my arms around his neck . 
 `` you . 
 i just want you to be you . '' 
 `` i could be me . 
 as long as you get to be you . '' 
 he rolled his hips again , and my hands moved down to undo his tie . 
 i made quick work of it , getting it loosened and over his head . 
 i 'd thought we would take this slow , since we had a whole hour , but maybe there was something in the air in the penthouse , because i decided to skip the shirt and just go for the pants . 
 lucah seemed to have the same idea as he went for my skirt , panties and nylons all at once , so i was naked from the waist down . 
 i shoved his pants over his hips and then he was backing me up against the bed and thrusting inside me with one smooth motion . 
 and then he somehow flipped onto his back so i was on top . 
 i slid up and down on his length and watched his face as he watched me . 
 i reached back and undid my hair so it fell all around me and i felt myself getting close already . 
 i shifted just a bit so he was stroking me where i needed it most , hitting my piercing just right . 
 `` oh , f ** k lucah . '' 
 `` i know , i know . 
 oh , shit . '' 
 and we both came at the exact same time , which had only happened only once before . 
 i leaned down and kissed him while he was still inside me . 
 `` i would n't want to be anyone else right now , '' i said . 
 `` agreed , miss clarke . '' 
 we had coffee once more with him on top , sans clothes , before getting dressed . 
 `` how 's my hair ? '' 
 i said as lucah held my shoe while i slid my foot in . 
 i was f ** king cinderella . 
 `` perfectly f ** ked , but we can fix that . '' 
 he always knew how to fix my hair after sex . 
 he fixed my hair while i got to work on my makeup and then slicked on some deodorant and perfume . 
 i wished i 'd had time for a shower , but you ca n't always get what you want . 
 lucah put the finishing touches on my hair and i turned to adjust his tie so it was even . 
 `` look at us . 
 afternoon delight and we still have time to get back to the office . '' 
 lucah held his fist up and i bumped it with mine . 
 and then he grabbed my ass and used it to pull me toward him for a kiss . 
 because he was lucah , and he was mine . 
 9 i wanted to make lunchtime sex a regular thing , because the aftermath carried over to my work and i felt fantastic about everything . 
 until i ran into violet . 
 again . 
 i needed coffee since i had n't actually eaten anything during my lunch and my stomach was growling . 
 i was just waiting for my cup to brew when someone cleared her throat behind me . 
 i had a feeling i knew who it was , and my feeling was confirmed when i turned around and violet was standing there , looking as if she very much needed to get something off her tight and perky chest . 
 `` violet , hi . 
 how 's your first day going ? '' 
 that was nice , right ? 
 i did n't sound like i wanted to throw my coffee in her face ? 
 `` oh , it 's good . 
 i 'm so happy to be here . '' 
 the confident girl from the interview had been replaced by a much less assured girl who looked as if she was afraid i was going to leap across the room and throttle her . 
 `` great , '' i said , wondering where this was ultimately going to go . 
 as far as i knew , no one had told her that lucah and i were together , unless she 'd noticed how obvious it was when he 'd introduced her to me . 
 the village idiot would have seen that . 
 `` um , if there 's anything you want to know , or anything i can help you out with , do n't be afraid to ask . 
 my door is always open . '' 
 i tried to smile , but it was n't that easy . 
 `` thank you so much . 
 i really appreciate that . 
 maybe we could have a chat this afternoon ? '' 
 i did n't need multiple guesses to know what she was going to talk about . 
 but maybe i was just being paranoid . 
 she probably did just want to talk about work . 
 `` absolutely . 
 come by anytime . '' 
 i grabbed my coffee and left before i broke my smile , or said something i should n't . 
 oh , this was going to be fun . 
 i waited in my office for the fateful meeting with violet . 
 i thought about calling lucah , but what if she really just wanted to talk about work ? 
 then i 'd feel like an idiot . 
 so i waited and drank too much coffee , which only got me more worked up . 
 even lilia came in and asked what was wrong and if she could do anything for me . 
 i assured her i was fine , just stressed about a project getting done when it needed to be , and she pretended to buy it . 
 i almost opened my mouth and spilled the whole thing to her , but that would have crossed some sort of boundary that i did n't think i should cross with my assistant . 
 i 'd crossed too many with my last one . 
 i chewed nearly all the skin off my bottom lip and almost wore a hole through the floor because i kept tapping my heel over and over . 
 when violet finally came and knocked on my door , i almost wanted to hug her in relief . 
 `` are you busy ? '' 
 she said in a low voice , as if she was in a library . 
 i was in the middle of something , but i 'd been so busy waiting for her that i had n't gotten much done . 
 `` no , no , come in . '' 
 she did and closed the door behind her . 
 i saw lilia 's puzzled face staring at us until the door finally shut and i was sealed in my office with violet . 
 had she grown taller in the past few hours ? 
 or had i just imagined her shorter ? 
 i motioned to the chair across from my desk and she sat down and crossed her insanely long legs . 
 `` so , what can i do for you ? 
 has anyone been giving you a hard time ? 
 some of the uh , people , here can be a little ... how do i want to put this ... old-fashioned ? '' 
 that was the nicest way to put it . 
 i mentally crossed my fingers and hoped that was what she wanted to talk about . 
 `` oh , no . 
 everyone 's been so nice . 
 much nicer than i thought they would be . 
 it 's been my experience that older men , in particular , are threatened by younger women being in power . 
 maybe some leftover instinct from the caveman days . '' 
 she smiled and i tried to fight it , but i smiled too . 
 i knew exactly what she was talking about , and against my will , i started to like her . 
 `` exactly . 
 because we belong slaving over a hot fire and nursing babies while we wait for the big , strong men to bring home a half dead wildebeest . '' 
 we both shared a quick laugh about that , but as soon as it died , the fear came back . 
 violet inhaled through her nose and then stared right at me . 
 intimidating . 
 `` i know about you and lucah . '' 
 i opened my mouth to deny it , but she put her hand up . 
 `` no one told me , i figured it out based on the way he talked to you and how he looked at you . 
 i know him pretty well . '' 
 i waited for a response to come to me , but i my words had deserted me . 
 `` you do n't have to say anything , i just wanted to let you know that what we had was in high school . 
 we were really young , and it was a long , long time ago . 
 we were completely different people . 
 believe me . '' 
 i could understand that . 
 i remembered the guys i 'd been into in high school . 
 i definitely would n't be into them now . 
 definitely not . 
 and look at my judgment with fin . 
 he 'd turned out pretty damn sexy . 
 `` i just did n't want you to , i guess , feel threatened . 
 i 'm not going to go after him , or try to take him or make him relive the past . 
 it 's over and done with and i would never do anything to jeopardize this job . 
 so that 's all i wanted to say . '' 
 she got up and tried to flee , but i told her to wait . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i never thought you were going to do that . 
 i mean , i 'd really like it if we could maybe be friends , since we 're sort of in the same boat here . '' 
 she paused with her hand on the doorknob . 
 `` i 'd like that , too . 
 thanks , miss clarke . '' 
 `` call me rory . 
 everyone else does . '' 
 `` rory . 
 thanks . '' 
 i got another smile , and i gave her one back . 
 i collapsed back in my chair as soon as the door clicked shut . 
 that went as well as i could have expected . 
 now i just had to figure out how to work with her , and maybe be friends with her . 
 i was n't going to fool myself into thinking that the lucah thing would n't come between us , or be an issue . 
 it would . 
 he would come up eventually , and then we 'd have to deal with it . 
 i just did n't want to deal with it . 
 so i picked up the phone and called lucah . 
 `` lucah blythe , how can i help you ? '' 
 `` it 's me , '' i said . 
 his tone instantly changed . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` i just , um , i just had a chat with violet . 
 she told me that she 's not going to try and break us up , or come between us , and that the past was in the past . 
 so . 
 i just wanted to let you know . 
 that . 
 and now i 'm thinking this was a dumb idea to call you about this because it really is n't anything and i 'm just making something out of nothing , as usual . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 you 're busy . 
 we 'll talk at home . '' 
 i hung up before i could say anything else stupid . 
 he called back immediately . 
 `` i 'm never too busy for you , sunshine . 
 and i 'm shocked that you were worried about violet . 
 because in order for her to try and come between us , i would have to let her . 
 and i would never let anyone come between us , do you understand me ? 
 i want to make this very clear , just in case it was n't . '' 
 his voice got low and insistent . 
 `` i love you , and nothing is going to change that . 
 not violet , not any other woman . 
 because none of those other women is you . 
 i. love . 
 you . 
 you 're in every corner of my mind . 
 i could n't let anyone else in , even if i wanted to . 
 okay ? 
 and if you do n't believe me , then i will show you tonight at the hotel where i intended to f ** k you every which way you can be f ** ked , just to drive the point home . 
 and then i 'm going to f ** k you again for good measure . '' 
 was it possible to orgasm just from words ? 
 because i was pretty sure i just did . 
 he hung up and i sat there , gaping at the phone . 
 when my brain finally started functioning again , i wanted to tell lilia that i needed to not do anything for the rest of the day , because i just could n't . 
 not with the prospect of the coming night . 
 instead , i got up and poured myself a glass of water that was n't cold enough and drank it down , hoping it would stem the fire that lucah had ignited in my body . 
 i 'd just had sex with him a few hours ago , and here i was , ready to be f ** ked senseless again . 
 could you die from too much sex ? 
 would your body just ... give up ? 
 decide it was done ? 
 well , i guessed i was going to find out . 
 somehow i managed to get through the rest of the day , and i had no more violet sightings , but dad did stop by my office to say that he was going out golfing , which i was pleased about . 
 `` are you feeling well ? 
 your cheeks are flushed , '' he said , and i put both hands on my face to hide it . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 just a little warm . '' 
 he dismissed it and headed off and i drank another glass of cold water . 
 it was the best substitute for a cold shower that i had on hand . 
 when it was finally time to leave , i was n't sure if my legs were going to be able to carry me to the elevator , but they did , and there he was . 
 waiting . 
 keeping my distance from him was like fighting gravity . 
 `` miss clarke . '' 
 he gave me a polite nod , but his eyes had a wicked twinkle in them . 
 i hated how affected i must look while he was completely composed . 
 but then i noticed he had his briefcase held in a strategic place . 
 that almost made me laugh as we waited for the doors to open . 
 `` why do n't you let me take the briefcase for you ? '' 
 i said , reaching for it . 
 `` no ! 
 thank you . 
 i think i can manage it . '' 
 he moved away from me , and i was also rewarded by his face turning red , including his ears . 
 so i was n't the only one who was excited about our evening of f ** kery . 
 we did n't get to touch each other because several people got on the elevator a few floors down . 
 lucah kept his briefcase held in front of him the entire ride , and he was breathing through his nose when we got off . 
 i waited for him , but he seemed to be fighting with something . 
 `` everything okay , mr. blythe ? '' 
 `` yes , miss clarke . 
 everything is fine . '' 
 he got off and shifted his briefcase and his pants were smooth . 
 he seemed very pleased with himself . 
 `` what did you think about ? '' 
 i asked as we walked toward the front doors . 
 `` maggots . 
 the declaration of independence . 
 nazis . '' 
 he winked at me and we finally exited the building . 
 but instead of taking my hand like he always did , he just kept walking . 
 `` you coming , miss clarke ? '' 
 well not right at the moment ... i walked to catch up with him . 
 `` i think you will be . 
 very soon . '' 
 we walked the rest of the way to the hotel with the space between us , and with every step my body screamed out for his , for a touch , a kiss , anything . 
 i hoped he was having just as hard a time . 
 he would n't touch me even when we got into the lobby of the hotel , or in the elevator . 
 i tried to go for him , but he just kept moving away , and i was n't going to chase him . 
 `` not yet , '' he said , putting up his hands as if i was holding a gun to his head . 
 `` not yet . '' 
 i glared , but kept my distance until the elevator dinged , and we were at the penthouse . 
 my phone went off with a text from sloane . 
 i 'd told her that lucah and i had rented a room and she kept sending me lewd messages about it . 
 i turned the ringer off and put it back in my purse as lucah and i walked to the door and he unlocked it with the key card . 
 finally . 
 he jerked his head for me to enter the room and then he shut the door behind us . 
 i expected him to attack me , but he did n't . 
 he just stood there , staring at me . 
 `` take off your clothes . '' 
 what ? 
 i waited a second . 
 `` take . 
 off . 
 your . 
 clothes . '' 
 he set the briefcase down and took one step for every word . 
 he was n't messing around . 
 lucah was commanding . 
 and it was f ** king hot . 
 i started unbuttoning my shirt , and slipped my arms from the sleeves . 
 my undershirt and bra followed and his eyes ate up every inch of skin that i revealed , as if it was the first time he was seeing it . 
 seeing me . 
 my skirt and panties joined my other clothes and i stepped out of my shoes until i was standing there . 
 naked . 
 waiting . 
 lucah walked around me , as if he was admiring a work of art . 
 the room was warm , but my skin kept puckering , waiting for his touch . 
 begging . 
 wanting . 
 he moved away from me and picked up his briefcase . 
 i could n't imagine what he had in there , but he popped it open and pulled something out . 
 sticky notes . 
 and a pen . 
 he held them up so i could clearly see what they were . 
 then he came back over . 
 he leaned his head down and wrote something on one of the notes . 
 he held it up for me to see . 
 mine , written in bold , slashing lines . 
 he pulled the note from the rest of the stack and put it on my forehead . 
 `` mine , '' he said , and wrote another note , and held that one up too . 
 `` mine , '' he said as he put it on my shoulder . 
 `` mine . '' 
 the other shoulder . 
 `` mine . '' 
 one breast . 
 `` mine . '' 
 the other . 
 mine , mine , mine . 
 both hands , my belly . 
 he repeated the routine until nearly every inch of me was covered in the notes , but it was n't like the last time . 
 `` have i made myself clear ? '' 
 he said , dropping the pen and the leftover notes in the briefcase . 
 i had to nod because i had a few on my mouth . 
 oh yes . 
 he 'd been clear . 
 `` good . '' 
 he stood in front of me and then removed the note on my forehead . 
 `` mine , '' he said , kissing the spot the note exposed . 
 like last time , but not . 
 he removed each and every one , kissing each place . 
 my shoulders , my hands , my ni ** les , my toes . 
 when he was done there were little yellow notes scattered everywhere , i could barely stand and his pants could barely contain his hard-on any longer . 
 i reached for him , but he stopped me . 
 `` no . '' 
 i almost pouted , but i was too turned on . 
 he removed his own clothes and then we were both naked , and his intentions were clear . 
 `` go lie on your back on the bed . '' 
 i backed up toward the bedroom , through the door and lay back on the bed . 
 he followed me , stalking me . 
 i waited . 
 `` who am i here with ? '' 
 he asked , standing at the edge of the bed . 
 `` me , '' i said . 
 `` who do i love more than i 've loved anyone or anything ? '' 
 `` me . '' 
 `` who makes me feel like this ? '' 
 his hands trailed up from my feet to my calves , thighs , hips , belly , br ** sts and to my face . 
 `` who makes me feel like this ? '' 
 `` me , '' i said , and he propped himself above me . 
 i was so tight with need that i did n't know if him touching me would make it better or worse . 
 `` never forget that , sunshine . 
 never . '' 
 he pulled my legs up and got into position . 
 `` never , '' he said with one thrust that made stars explode behind my eyes and my entire body convulse . 
 `` do you feel that ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` remember this . '' 
 and he pulled back and slammed into me again . 
 and again . 
 and again . 
 `` i 'm going to f ** k you hard so you remember that this is what you do to me . '' 
 and he did . 
 i knew i was going to have bruises from his hips , but i did n't care as i wrapped my legs around him and begged him . 
 for more , for everything . 
 i came so hard that it triggered him as well . 
 `` never . 
 forget . '' 
 he thrust two more times and spent himself . 
 i now understood the term `` having your brains f ** ked out '' because mine definitely were . 
 i could n't come up with the alphabet at the moment . 
 `` do you feel me ? '' 
 he rocked his hips , still inside me . 
 `` i 'm going to f ** k you again , but this time you 're going to be on top . '' 
 he thrust again , and i could feel him getting hard . 
 he leaned down and kissed me , plunging his tongue in my mouth . 
 `` put your arms around my neck . '' 
 i did so and he rolled us until i was on top of him . 
 `` now take my hands . '' 
 i did that as well and started to move . 
 slow , because i was still recovering . 
 `` i could do this all night . 
 because you make me feel this way . 
 you , above me , riding me , and making those sounds that i love . 
 you 're the only person i 've ever let go with , the only woman who knows the real me . '' 
 the combination of the words , and the spots i was hitting with every movement had me screaming his name and gripping his hands so hard i thought he would lose circulation . 
 but he just kept talking and urging me on , telling me how beautiful i was , and i came again , almost harder than the first time . 
 i kept going until he came with me , his back arching off the bed . 
 i fell on top of him , breathless . 
 `` we 're not done yet , '' he said , panting . 
 `` as soon as i 'm ready , i 'm going to f ** k you from behind over the arm of the couch . 
 and then i 'm going to f ** k you in the shower , and maybe on the kitchen counter . 
 i really want the message to sink in . '' 
 oh it was n't going to sink in . 
 he was going to f ** k it into me . 
 hard . 
 and he did . 
 10 i answered the question about too much sex killing you . 
 it does n't . 
 by the time lucah had had me every way he wanted me , i could n't keep my eyes open . 
 he laid me in bed and covered my quivering and spent body with the cool hotel sheets and climbed in next to me . 
 `` never forget , '' he said , kissing my nose . 
 and then we both passed out . 
 the next thing i remembered was a beeping interrupting the best sleep i 'd ever had in my entire life . 
 `` good morning , sunshine , '' a sweet voice said in my ear . 
 i cracked my eyes open to see my favorite person in the world standing next to a cart covered with a white tablecloth and the most glorious breakfast i 'd ever seen . 
 my life was officially perfect . 
 i stretched my arms over my head . 
 my muscles had had quite a workout . 
 if we had many more of these nights , i 'd never need to go to the gym again . 
 i was more than okay with that . 
 sex won over running on a treadmill . 
 always . 
 `` good morning , mr. blythe , '' i mumbled . 
 he was only wearing his boxers , and part of me wondered if he was going to have his way with me again . 
 `` did i make myself clear last night ? '' 
 `` crystal clear . 
 whatever the clearest thing there is , you went one level clearer . '' 
 he laughed and pulled the cart to my side of the bed . 
 `` well , i should probably feed you since we did n't eat anything last night . '' 
 we had n't . 
 he 'd been too busy f ** king my brains out . 
 as soon as he said it , my stomach roared like a wild beast , trying to escape from my body and kill everything it could find . 
 lucah heard it and laughed as he handed me a plate with crepes , fruit and bacon on it . 
 `` oh , by the way , if you did n't know that i love you , i definitely do right now . 
 room service really does it for me . '' 
 he picked up a strawberry and mashed it in my face . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 he kissed me and licked the smashed strawberry from my jaw . 
 `` i love you , too . 
 in case that was n't clear . '' 
 `` no , i got it . '' 
 lucah climbed into bed and we shared the breakfast , feeding each other . 
 i checked the clock . 
 lucah had gotten us up early enough that we had more than enough time to get ready . 
 only there was one small problem i had n't thought of yesterday . 
 `` what the hell am i supposed to wear today ? '' 
 i said as we both sipped our cups of coffee . 
 `` oh , i took care of that as well . 
 sloane sent over clothes to the front desk . 
 i had them delivered with the food . 
 i have no idea what she picked out , but i 'm sure it 's fine . '' 
 i was probably never going to look as fabulous at work again . 
 i did n't even need to see the outfit to know that . 
 `` clothes for you , too ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' he said , filling his cup again from the silver pot . 
 `` i 'm almost scared . 
 she could have been really nice , or she could have left me a pair of boxers and nothing else . '' 
 `` should we go see ? '' 
 he nodded and we both got up . 
 he tossed me one of the hotel robes and i put it on . 
 it was like wrapping myself in a warm cloud . 
 staying in the penthouse was definitely worth it . 
 there was a bag sitting by the door and lucah went to get it . 
 he pulled out my clothes first , a red top , black pinstriped jumper that was n't mine , nude heels and a black lace bra and panties . 
 for lucah there was a light gray suit with a white shirt and a dark red tie . 
 `` red , '' i said , pointing to his tie . 
 `` i 'm glad she did n't send me just a set of boxers and a tie . '' 
 i was sure she thought about it . 
 i went to get my phone and found a bunch of messages from her . 
 i responded back thanking her for the clothes and agreeing that she was due for some major payback , including dinner , etc. . 
 lucah and i used the large shower , my shampoo and conditioner , which sloane had also sent over , along with my razor , brush and a bunch of my makeup . 
 because she was a fabulous friend . 
 lucah wrapped me in the robe again when we got out . 
 `` do you know how much i wish we could both call in sick without raising suspicion ? '' 
 i said as i towel-dried my hair . 
 `` if i figure a way to make that happen , you 'll be the first to know . '' 
 we dressed each other and lucah blew my hair out and put it up for me while i did my makeup . 
 we were getting so good at getting me ready , i despaired of the day when he would n't be around to help . 
 i would n't know what to do . 
 notwithstanding the twenty-three years that i 'd functioned without him . 
 that was another thing about love . 
 it made you completely change your life to include another person , almost to the level that you did n't know how to live without them anymore . 
 it was both scary , and comforting at the same time . 
 comforting , especially after last night . 
 i did n't think he was going anywhere anytime soon . 
 `` i do n't know how i can walk right now after last night , '' i said as we gathered the rest of our things . 
 he 'd rented the room for another night , but i was n't sure if we could top last night . 
 nope , that would probably kill me . 
 i was going to need at least a day or two to recover . 
 my poor ladyparts were exhausted . 
 they needed a vacation from f ** king . 
 lucah held my hand on the walk back to work , and i got one more kiss before we got to the doors . 
 `` never forget . '' 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 `` you look happy , '' lilia said as i walked past her desk . 
 `` any reason ? '' 
 sex . 
 lots of sex . 
 `` nope . 
 just woke up on the right side of the bed this morning . '' 
 i gave her a bright smile and practically skipped to my desk . 
 i was still on my sex high , and it felt like nothing could bring me down from it . 
 and then i got an email from violet , asking me if i wanted to have lunch with her . 
 obviously , i had made myself open to her , but that did n't mean i was thrilled about it . 
 still , i was probably making a big deal out of nothing . 
 once i got there , i 'd be fine . 
 so i sent her back an enthusiastic acceptance and she agreed to make reservations at a place just around the corner . 
 it was much fancier than any place i 'd usually go for lunch , but maybe the formal atmosphere would keep the conversation formal . 
 the rest of the morning i buried myself in work , but every ten or so minutes let my mind wander to the night before and a little of shiver of delight raced down my spine . 
 lilia brought me a few things to sign and look over and halfway down the stack , there was a sticky note with one word written on it . 
 mine . 
 i took it and stuck it on my computer . 
 no one but lucah would know what it meant , which made it even better . 
 just one more little piece of lucah in my life . 
 i also found another of the notes in my purse . 
 i bet he saved them all somewhere and they were going to randomly pop up in my life whenever i needed a reminder , which would probably be frequently . 
 time before the lunch date sort of flew by and then it was time to meet violet . 
 i was trying to think of her as her own entity , separate from lucah-as the woman who had rocked the interview , and i thought might be my new friend . 
 it was n't her fault that she had a past with lucah . 
 i was not going to let that come between what might be a burgeoning friendship . 
 at the very least the two of us had to work together and be able to make small talk . 
 so i practiced as i strode to the elevator , my clicking heels giving me comfort . 
 violet was down in the lobby looking fabulous in a charcoal-colored fitted dress , yellow heels , and her hair in a twist . 
 i looked her up and down , searching for a flaw , but i could n't find one , and then she turned and nearly caught me staring . 
 that would have been awful . 
 `` violet , hi . '' 
 `` hi , you look nice today . 
 love the shoes . '' 
 the more i learned about her , the more i wanted to like her . 
 `` same to you . 
 so , shall we ? '' 
 she nodded and we walked the short distance to the restaurant . 
 it was quiet , despite the fact that it was the lunch hour . 
 it even had a guy playing the piano . 
 did we have to tip him ? 
 could we make requests ? 
 the hostess led us across the room and seated us at a table for two . 
 we sat and ordered drinks . 
 i got a white peach sangria and she had the same . 
 i needed a drink to get through this . 
 `` is this place okay ? 
 i was n't sure where you normally went . 
 i 'm still trying to get used to the city . '' 
 `` no , it 's great . 
 i normally just go to the place across the street , actually . 
 so , where did you live before you moved here ? '' 
 i knew , since i 'd seen her employment history , but this was where you started with small talk . 
 `` i was in springfield working for a small cable network . 
 i loved it , but this was always where i wanted to be . '' 
 she talked more about moving to the city and the perils of finding a decent and affordable apartment and roommates , and by the time our salads came -lrb- a waldorf for me and a cobb for her -rrb- i was telling her the best places to go to get decently priced shoes . 
 in the back of my mind i kept telling myself that she and i had more in common than just shoes . 
 we had both f ** ked the same guy . 
 that was the thought i had to keep shoving aside and trying to forget . 
 but it would only be shoved aside for so long . 
 we both ordered dessert -lrb- i was thrilled that she went for the molten chocolate cake and not the vegan gluten-free and probably taste-free cookie topped with soy ice cream -rrb- , and it finally came up . 
 `` i 'm sorry about the other day , and being weird about lucah and coming into your office and confronting you about it . 
 i 've felt funny about it ever since . 
 i mean , it really has nothing to do with anything . 
 that 's the first thing you 're never supposed to do , bring your personal life into the office , but i did and i 'm sorry . 
 again . '' 
 `` no , no . 
 it 's fine . 
 we had to address it , or else things might have been weird and then both of us would have had to walk on eggshells and five years down the line , one of us would get drunk at the company ball and things might get out of hand . 
 wow , that sounded like the plot of a terrible reality show . 
 but you got the point , right ? '' 
 she laughed , and it hit me how beautiful she was . 
 no wonder lucah had fallen for her . 
 and just as that thought ran through my mind , i wanted to stab it and pretend it had never existed . 
 `` yeah , i figured out what you were saying . 
 so anyway . 
 this is the last time i 'll bring it up . 
 and i 'm done . '' 
 she pressed her lips together and pretended to seal them . 
 `` no big deal . '' 
 i hoped i was playing off my nonchalance , because i was still freaking out on the inside . 
 `` we 're both professional women , right ? '' 
 `` right , '' she said , opening her mouth . 
 `` oops , i was n't going to talk , but it 's kind of hard to converse without words . 
 if only i knew sign language . '' 
 `` i know a few signs , but none of them are complimentary . '' 
 sloane had dated a guy once who had a deaf sister and he 'd taught us every dirty sign we could cram into our brains . 
 we both laughed and finished our desserts and i thought that maybe this was going to be okay . 
 we 'd gotten past the minefield that was lucah and we had a lot of things in common . 
 this was going to work . 
 this was no big deal . 
 `` oh , i meant to ask you about those cute shoe notes you had on your desk . 
 where did you get them ? '' 
 she said as we walked back to the office . 
 `` they , uh , they were a gift . '' 
 from lucah , i did n't say . 
 `` darn . 
 well , they are adorable . '' 
 i just smiled as best i could while she opened the front door for me and we took the elevator back up to our floor . 
 `` so we should make this a regular thing , '' she said . 
 `` this was nice . '' 
 `` yeah , definitely . 
 just let me know . '' 
 we sort of waved goodbye to each other and i walked back to my office , with lilia watching me the whole time . 
 i knew she knew . 
 i was just waiting for her to come to me and tell me she knew . 
 it was the quiet ones you had to worry about . 
 always . 
 i texted lucah when i sat back down at my desk . 
 had lunch with violet . 
 all is well . 
 it took him a few minutes to respond . 
 good . 
 never forget . 
 i would n't . 
 we ended up staying another night at the hotel , but we just slept in the gigantic bed and watched movies and ordered more room service . 
 it was an absolutely ordinary evening after the previous one . 
 both of us were still recovering from that . 
 on friday night we went out as usual , and then saturday was another day with lucah 's family . 
 this time i did n't bring anything . 
 i thought better safe than sorry . 
 `` good plan , '' lucah said . 
 it was raining when we got to his brother 's house , so the girls did n't run out to meet us , but as soon as we walked in the door , they were dashing across the floor . 
 `` rory , rory ! '' 
 gracie yelled . 
 `` roar ! '' 
 fiona added as they both threw themselves at my legs . 
 i looked down at their sweet faces and i kicked myself for not bringing something . 
 `` girls , let rory get her coat off , '' april said , looking a little more frazzled than last week . 
 her hair was carelessly thrown back in a ponytail and her jeans had floury handprints on them . 
 `` hey , you . '' 
 she smiled and hugged lucah and then took my coat and gave me a hug as well . 
 the girls jumped and frolicked at my feet and then tate came out , looking like he 'd emerged from a trance . 
 `` sorry , work call . '' 
 i got a hug from him as the girls kept bouncing . 
 `` where do they get their energy from ? 
 i wish i could bottle it , '' april said with a sigh . 
 `` rory ? '' 
 gracie said , pulling on my pants leg . 
 `` gracie , what have we talked about ? 
 you say , ` excuse me , rory , ' remember ? '' 
 gracie thought about it for a moment . 
 `` excuse me , rory ? '' 
 `` yes , gracie . '' 
 i crouched down so i was n't towering over her . 
 i did n't have to crouch too far . 
 i was the closest adult to her height-wise . 
 `` can we play princess again ? '' 
 her big eyes were so sweet that my heart melted a little . 
 `` yes , we can absolutely play princess again . '' 
 `` me too ! '' 
 fiona yelled , raising her hand . 
 `` you , too , '' i said , messing with her red curls . 
 she laughed and hugged me around the neck . 
 i picked her up and carried her into the living room and sat down with her on my lap . 
 `` they 've been talking about you non-stop , asking when you were coming back . 
 i think you 've got some new best friends , '' tate said , picking gracie up and throwing her in the air . 
 she screamed for him to stop , but once he did , she begged for him to do it again . 
 fiona sat on my lap and tried to touch my earrings . 
 `` pretty , '' she said . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` does anyone want anything ? 
 the girls and i made cookies . '' 
 at the sound of the last word , the girls both perked up . 
 we all agreed that we wanted cookies , so she brought them out . 
 they had obviously been made by little hands and were n't uniform in size , but they were delicious . 
 i 'd have to ask april for that recipe so i could badger sloane into making them . 
 speaking of sloane , i was going to start paying her back for bringing the clothes over to the hotel tomorrow at the spa and then again when i bought her brunch . 
 i did n't know how long she was going to milk it , but knowing sloane , pretty long . 
 i was going to let her , because i missed her and i did need some girl time . 
 the conversation flowed easier this time , and lucah and i started talking about hiding our relationship , the early days , and the job interviews . 
 the girls were quiet because they were stuffing their faces with cookies when their mother was n't looking . 
 or maybe she just pretended not to see . 
 `` i 'm shocked you did n't file a restraining order against him , '' tate said as i recounted some of the things he 'd said in the interview . 
 i left out the part that lucah had pretty much set my panties on fire when he 'd walked in the room . 
 they really did n't need to know that . 
 `` i thought about it . 
 he was just so sure of himself . 
 i did n't find out until later it was because he already had the job and the interview was just a formality . 
 i could n't understand why all these people were telling me i should hire him . 
 i thought he 'd either paid them off or slept with all of them . '' 
 i could say that in front of kids , right ? 
 `` who 's to say i did n't ? '' 
 lucah said , grabbing another cookie , breaking it in half and giving me part of it . 
 `` even hal marksman ? '' 
 `` never underestimate the power of older men , '' lucah said , winking . 
 i could feel myself blushing as tate and april watched . 
 `` well , i hope he called you the next day and did n't just ditch you . '' 
 `` i 'll never tell . 
 ours is a special love that you ca n't understand . '' 
 i shook my head and contemplated shoving a cookie in his mouth so he 'd stop talking . 
 `` and this is a topic that is n't for little ears , '' i said , poking him . 
 `` sorry . 
 i ca n't control him now that i 'm no longer his boss . 
 not that i could control him then . '' 
 `` you tried . '' 
 he patted my arm as if he was consoling me . 
 `` i did . '' 
 he crossed his eyes at me . 
 i did the same . 
 sometimes that was all you could do . 
 then the girls saw us doing it and they wanted to try , so we spent the next ten minutes trying to explain it to them with hilarious results . 
 there were more tantrums when the cookies were taken away , but then april got out her ipad and started a show for them to watch in a corner . 
 `` that should amuse them for a few minutes until they fight about who gets to hold it . 
 two is a lot , but i have no idea what i 'm going to do when it 's three . '' 
 wait , what ? 
 april 's eyes went wide and she clamped her hand over her mouth . 
 `` oops . 
 that was n't supposed to be public knowledge yet . 
 i just took the test two days ago . 
 we always wait until the second trimester , just in case . 
 but i guess i already have baby brain . '' 
 lucah got up and gave her a huge hug and i did the same . 
 `` that 's so exciting , '' i said , and i meant it , even though i could n't imagine having three under the age of five at once . 
 god bless her . 
 `` it was n't exactly planned , but it was n't exactly avoided , so i guess that 's what i get , '' april said in my ear . 
 `` just got ta roll with the punches life doles out , right ? '' 
 no wonder she looked frazzled . 
 she and tate went to get more drinks and i went and sat on lucah 's lap . 
 `` congrats again . 
 unkie lu . '' 
 `` thanks , sunshine . '' 
 he gave me a soft kiss and then motioned for me to let him up when the girls started fighting with the ipad and gracie tried to whack fiona with it . 
 he broke up the fight and got them resituated and propped the ipad up on a pillow so they could both see it . 
 watching him with them made me wonder all kinds of things . 
 about us , about our future . 
 about our potential ginger babies . 
 i kept wondering the rest of the visit , even when the girls covered me with glitter again , and yanked out half my hair with a brush , and stole my shoes and tried to walk around in them again . 
 `` you should come out to the city . 
 we could take the girls to the museum . 
 or we could watch them and you could have some time alone . '' 
 `` alone time ? 
 what is this alone time you speak of ? '' 
 april said . 
 tate laughed and kissed the top of her head . 
 `` it was what we had before children , baby . 
 remember ? 
 sleeping late ? 
 staying out late ? 
 sex without being interrupted ? '' 
 he whispered the last part so the kids did n't hear . 
 `` i vaguely remember something about that , but it 's been so long i think i might have imagined it . 
 but i think i 'd like to try and see if we could have it again . 
 sure . 
 how about next weekend ? '' 
 so we made plans to take the girls to the museum while april and tate went to lunch and did some shopping and maybe snuck into a hotel for the afternoon . 
 i heard lucah suggesting that to tate , and recommending the hotel we 'd been at . 
 i just pretended i did n't hear as we hugged everyone goodbye . 
 i almost forgot my shoes because gracie was still wearing them . 
 11 `` so do you want kids ? '' 
 i said on the way back . 
 we 'd never really discussed this part of our relationship . 
 i did n't know if it was because i was afraid of it , or he was . 
 either way , neither of us had ever brought it up . 
 `` i do . 
 why ? '' 
 `` just asking . 
 we 've never talked about it , and i see how you are with the girls so i was just wondering . '' 
 `` do you ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 eventually . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he downshifted as we drove through another neighborhood . 
 `` oh , i always planned on having them later . 
 you know , when my career was established . '' 
 then i could have more time with them and i would n't resent them for taking time away from me building my career . 
 i 'd also have more money to afford them . 
 `` how much later ? '' 
 `` like , at least thirty or later . '' 
 `` huh . 
 that surprises me . 
 i would have thought you 'd say in the next couple of years . '' 
 he glanced over at me . 
 `` well , when i decided i did n't want to have kids until i was thirty , i was also single and there was no lucah blythe in my life . 
 so . '' 
 `` soooo . 
 that number could change ? '' 
 why did he want to know ? 
 `` are you saying you want kids right now ? 
 jesus christ , we just moved in together . '' 
 that was way too fast for me . 
 and i think my parents would like it if i was married before i had kids anyway . 
 they had n't said boo about me moving in with lucah before marrying him , but i knew my mother was n't thrilled about it . 
 but i had a man and she was happy about that , so it was a trade-off . 
 plus , she adored lucah now . 
 he 'd replaced fin in her affections , at least for the time being . 
 `` no , no . 
 not tomorrow . 
 but i think you 'd make an amazing mother . '' 
 he took my hand and kissed the back of it . 
 `` you know my parents would probably want me to be married so i do n't have a child out of wedlock . '' '' 
 ` child out of wedlock ' ? 
 who even says that anymore ? '' 
 `` people in my parents ' generation . 
 it was to be a cardinal sin . '' 
 my mom used to tell me stories about girls who got pregnant in her high school that were sent off to relatives to live for nine months and they 'd come back with a few extra pounds and a new baby `` brother '' or `` sister . '' 
 `` well , i 'm glad it 's not that way anymore . 
 people were way too uptight . '' 
 `` amen . '' 
 i waited for him to say something else about the marriage thing , but he did n't . 
 part of me wanted to bring it up again , but part of me wondered if he 'd avoided it on purpose . 
 that was the other thing we 'd never talked about , but which i knew , without her even having to mention it , that my mother was thinking about . 
 it was the next logical step . 
 but lucah and i had never talked about it . 
 `` so where do you want to eat ? '' 
 i was suddenly so tired i could barely keep my eyes open . 
 `` do you mind just having something at home ? 
 i 'm too tired to stop . '' 
 i closed my eyes and leaned the seat back so i could lie down . 
 `` sure , whatever you want . '' 
 i closed my eyes and we were silent for the rest of the way home . 
 i did n't fall asleep , but i pretended to be . 
 i was a f ** king coward . 
 i wanted us to talk about our future , but i did n't at the same time , because it scared the shit out of me . 
 my parents were still happily married , but it had been a different time when they got together . 
 and i 'd started dating lucah when i did n't even know his real name . 
 no relationship that started that way , and also started with no-strings-attached sex would lead to happily ever after . 
 right ? 
 i did n't know anyone who had been able to make a one-night stand into something more . 
 i loved him and wanted him , but what if that fire faded ? 
 what if the sex became monotonous and we stopped having it , or he wanted to travel again and have a new identity ? 
 what if he got tired of being himself ? 
 i knew i was spiraling , but this time i was powerless to stop it . 
 i just had so many questions i did n't know the answers to , but it was my fault . 
 because i never brought them up . 
 lucah roused me when we got back to the parking garage . 
 `` wake up , sunshine . 
 do you want me to carry you ? '' 
 i opened my eyes and stretched . 
 `` no , you do n't have to . '' 
 he noticed immediately that something was off . 
 `` is everything okay ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 that was the best answer i could give . 
 `` i just think that we 've jumped into this relationship and we skipped a few crucial steps , and i 'm worried that if we do n't talk about things , then down the line they 're going to become much bigger things and potentially come between us . '' 
 `` what kind of things ? '' 
 he wiped some of the glitter off my cheek . 
 i 'd gotten it all over his car again , but he had n't vacuumed it . 
 i thought he liked it . 
 that little reminder of gracie and fiona . 
 `` marriage . 
 kids . 
 what we both want from life . 
 we sort of moved in without talking about any of those things . 
 i do n't even know if you want to stay in boston , or if you want to travel , or how many kids you 'd want , or if you even believe in marriage , and - '' the flow of words from my mouth was stopped by lucah 's hand . 
 `` you 're right , we have n't talked about those things , and i figured we would need to , at some point . 
 yes , you may not know those things about me , and i can tell you those things . 
 but there are things you know about me that i do n't have to say . 
 those are the things that matter . 
 you know what i look like when i wake up in the morning . 
 you 've seen every awkward childhood photo of me in existence . 
 you know my body inside and out . 
 you know what makes me laugh and smile and how to push my buttons . 
 the rest we can talk about . '' 
 it was so easy . 
 he had rendered me unable to speak words for the second time in a few days . 
 how did he always know the right thing to say ? 
 it was probably because he knew me . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 `` i love you and do n't you forget it . '' 
 `` never ever . '' 
 we held hands as we walked back to the apartment , and he randomly stopped walking , leaned down and kissed me . 
 for no reason . 
 just because . 
 i had to stop questioning what was standing in front of me and just believe in it . 
 believe in us . 
 `` so , what are your views on marriage ? 
 pro , con , indifferent ? '' 
 i said a few hours later as we fed each other chinese takeout . 
 neither of us felt like cooking , and sloane was out with chloe trying to find her a rebound girl . 
 they 'd asked me to come earlier , but i did n't think i was up for it . 
 `` i am pro marriage , for the right people . 
 my parents were pretty happy , and tate 's happy and then there 's ryder . 
 pretty sure ryder would n't date a girl long enough to even get to the engagement stage . '' 
 yeah , i could n't picture that either . 
 `` are we the right people ? '' 
 i fished a shrimp out of the bottom of the container and popped it in my mouth . 
 `` i think so . 
 if it 's what we both want , and the time is right , then yes . 
 i would say we are the right people . '' 
 `` so you 'd be cool with being just lucah blythe for the rest of your life ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` yeah , i think i could handle being me . 
 a few years ago , no . 
 you 're a big part of that . 
 you helped me stop running . 
 you taught me how to stand still , and that it was n't as scary as i thought . 
 so . '' 
 `` so . '' 
 he offered me some of the rice from his box and i opened my mouth . 
 `` is all this marriage talk just a huge hint that you want a ring on your finger ? '' 
 i choked on the rice and had to grab my glass of wine to clear my throat out . 
 `` no ! 
 definitely not . 
 but i wanted to get things out in the open before my mother asks , because i know she will . 
 i 'm sure she 's already picking out china patterns and mother of the bride outfits . 
 for all i know , she 's already got one hanging in her closet . '' 
 that was a terrifying thought . 
 `` but you would want to be married to me ? '' 
 i gave him a look . 
 `` hey , it 's a valid question . 
 i just wanted to make sure . '' 
 i got up from the couch and went to the desk in the corner of the room where i kept stamps and other office supplies . 
 two could play this game . 
 i wrote mine on a note and slapped it on his left hand , where a wedding ring would go . 
 i did it again and put one on his crotch , and another on his chin , right where his dimple was . 
 `` are you getting the picture ? '' 
 `` it 's becoming clearer . '' 
 the note fell off his chin , but i thought he had the point . 
 `` but the question is , do you want to be married to me ? '' 
 `` i think i 've already answered that question , but here 's another . 
 what is the policy about employees marrying each other ? '' 
 shit , how had i not thought of that ? 
 usually , i thought of my job first and everything else second . 
 at least i had before lucah . 
 `` i do n't think it would go over very well . 
 there are people who were married already who work there , but i do n't think we could both be working and then get married . 
 the board would probably throw a hissy fit . '' 
 `` well , it 's really none of their f ** king business , '' he said . 
 `` wow , tell me how you really feel . '' 
 i sat back down and put the notes and my pen on the table and picked up another container that had fried rice in it . 
 `` sorry , i 'm just a little pissed about the whole shady thing they 're trying to pull over on walter . '' 
 `` anything new on that ? '' 
 `` not really . 
 they 're currently fighting about who should be his replacement when they get rid of him . 
 so this whole thing might implode and never even go anywhere . 
 they also have to get enough stockholders together in favor of letting him go , and that 's not going well either . '' 
 `` that would be great . 
 it 's hard being in the same room with them now that i know . 
 i just want to smack all of their faces and scream at them and then throw them out of the building . 
 that 's my fantasy . '' 
 i indulged it for a moment . 
 it was such a shame because there were some men on the board that i actually liked , and i 'd known most of them for my entire life . 
 but you do n't f ** k with my family . 
 you do that and you 're on my shit list forever . 
 `` that would be nice . '' 
 i did n't know how we 'd gone from talking about marriage to talking about punching the members of the board of directors , but i felt a lot better than i did a few hours ago . 
 we did n't have to talk about marriage and babies and all of that at once . 
 it could be an ongoing conversation . 
 and i also had to let go and trust lucah and trust what we had together . 
 why was it harder to trust in something good than something bad ? 
 after we finished our food , lucah gave me a foot massage that led to us having sex , just once , before we both fell asleep on the couch amidst the chinese food containers and sticky notes . 
 `` so you want him to propose ? '' 
 sloane said the next day as we were getting our pedicures . 
 i told her about my sudden need to discuss marriage and babies with lucah and how the conversation had turned out . 
 `` no . 
 i just wanted to know that was where we were heading . 
 eventually . 
 we 'd never talked about it , and it felt like time that we should . 
 that 's all . '' 
 she closed her eyes and leaned against the massage chair so it could hit the back of her neck . 
 her voice vibrated when she spoke . 
 `` that makes sense . 
 i 'm actually surprised you have n't talked about it until now . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i just do n't think marriage is as important as it was for my parents ' generation . '' 
 my mother would gasp if she heard me talking like this , but she 'd raised me this way . 
 she could n't teach me that i was strong and did n't need a man and turn around and then expect me to put every energy into trying to land a man . 
 `` pft , marriage is n't for everyone . 
 look at my family history . 
 not one single couple has stayed married . 
 everyone has at least one divorce under their belt . 
 i think it 's considered a badge of honor now . 
 like , the more divorces you have , the higher you rank on the family totem pole . 
 i never want to get married because i do n't want to get divorced . '' 
 this was n't the first i 'd heard her say something like that . 
 sloane 's past was rocky at best , and traumatic at worst . 
 when we 'd first met , she 'd been so clingy i did n't know if i could continue to be friends with her , but i 'd stuck it out , and she got less clingy as she got older , and , like lucah , now i could n't imagine my life without her . 
 she 'd also practically been adopted into my family and my parents adored her . 
 i thought that was what she was really looking for . 
 a real family . 
 someone to take her in , to love her unconditionally because her own blood relatives had done a shitty job of it . 
 `` but i definitely think you should get married so i can make your wedding dress . '' 
 `` obviously you 're going to make it . 
 why would you think i 'd go anywhere else and be subjected to the horrors of a dress off the rack ? '' 
 she shuddered as if i 'd mentioned wearing dead animal carcass as my wedding dress . 
 `` and i get to be maid of honor . '' 
 `` that 's another thing that 's a given . 
 who else would i get ? 
 you 're the closest thing i have to a sister . '' 
 i reached out and squeezed her hand . 
 she opened her eyes and turned her head so she was looking at me . 
 `` yeah . 
 you 're more of a sister than any of my real ones . 
 by the way , if you really want to picture your dress , i 've got sketches . 
 i made them when you and lucah started getting serious . 
 you can see them anytime you want . '' 
 she returned the squeeze and then let go . 
 `` i do n't think i 'm ready for that . 
 but it 's good to know they 're available if i want to look at them . '' 
 sloane changed the subject , because she knew i did n't want to talk about it anymore . 
 we talked , as friends do , about random things that had nothing to do with anything as we got our toes , and then our fingers , done and we headed for a couple 's massage . 
 `` are you sure you 're into the marriage thing , because this is pretty f ** king romantic , rory , '' she said as we lay down on the tables , with just towels covering us . 
 between the candles , the new age music and the feel of someone 's warm hands , it was . 
 it also reminded me a little bit of the massage lucah gave me and i had to shut down those naughty thoughts before i got carried away . 
 `` oh , i 'd marry you , baby , '' i said , reaching out and grabbing her hand . 
 `` i 'd totally marry you , too . '' 
 the two women giving us the massages were silent as sloane and i bantered back and forth . 
 they 'd probably heard much worse before . 
 we got dressed and headed down to the cafe in the spa for brunch . 
 `` all this crap is healthy , '' sloane said , glaring at the menu as if it had offended her personally . 
 `` i think it 's because you 're not supposed to get a massage and steam all the impurities out of your pores and then eat a heart attack on a bun , covered with cheese , sloane . 
 plus , this is fancy food . 
 you like fancy food . '' 
 i scanned the menu and i had to admit , it was pretty ... healthy . 
 and not the good kind of healthy . 
 we were talking wheat grass and tofu omelets . 
 i finally found some oatmeal that had fruit and nuts in it , and a cup of herbal tea . 
 sloane bitched and moaned and finally got the same thing . 
 `` i like fancy that food is n't made for rabbits , '' she whispered so we would n't incur the wrath of the other health nuts around us . 
 `` well you have no one to blame but yourself , because you made the appointment . '' 
 we 'd come here before , but we 'd never eaten , and we were quickly realizing why . 
 the oatmeal came and it was the tiniest bowl ever and had about three pieces of fruit and two sad walnuts in it . 
 sloane stared at hers . 
 `` i 'll take you out for burgers , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm going to need one . '' 
 we ate our sad oatmeal and finished our tea and then walked three blocks and stuffed our faces with double decker burgers . 
 `` this is where it 's at , '' sloane said , ketchup dripping down her chin . 
 i used my napkin to wipe her face . 
 `` you got a little something . '' 
 we were both laughing and shoving our burgers in our faces when a male voice interrupted us . 
 `` i love seeing a woman who knows how to enjoy a good burger . '' 
 the voice was familiar enough to know who it was before i glanced over my shoulder , and the look on sloane 's face also gave me confirmation . 
 but i looked anyway . 
 `` hello , ryder . '' 
 12 `` rory . 
 nice to see you again . '' 
 the last time i 'd seen him , he 'd been helping me move , and i had n't seen him since . 
 i used to wonder if i 'd ever bump into him around boston , but it was a big city and it had n't happened . 
 until now . 
 his shirt was thin and ripped , and did n't leave much to the imagination . 
 his bold , black tattoos slashed across the bulging muscles of his arms , and he 'd cut his hair shorter , so it was spiked in the front . 
 and since you 're never complete without a smile , he had one of those too . 
 cocky . 
 it reminded me of when i first met lucah , but it also had a twist of something darker in it . 
 that darker part scared me . 
 that was the part i did n't want around my best friend . 
 said best friend was trying to put down her burger and wipe her mouth at the same time , and was failing at it . 
 i was going to hear about this later , that was for sure . 
 `` hello , ryder . 
 how have you been ? '' 
 i called on the spirit of my mother and all she had taught me , and all of those times i 'd had to smile and make small talk with people i did n't particularly like . 
 not that i did n't like ryder . 
 i just did n't like some of the things he did . 
 and i did n't like that darkness . 
 `` would n't you like to know ? 
 if i told you , you 'd just carry it back to my big brother and i 'd rather leave him in suspense . '' 
 upon closer inspection , his eyes were a little glassy . 
 he was definitely on something . 
 i just did n't know what . 
 i kicked sloane under the table , but she seemed mesmerized by ryder . 
 that was probably the look i had on my face when i saw lucah standing in front of me the first time . 
 she kicked me back under the table . 
 hard . 
 `` well , i can see you ladies are busy , so i 'm going to ... go . '' 
 it seemed to take him a lot of time to find the last word . 
 `` bye , rory . 
 hello , sloane . '' 
 he made eye contact with her and then he strolled out of the restaurant . 
 sloane let out a huge breath of air that she had probably been holding the entire time he was there . 
 `` oh , god . 
 i think i just came . '' 
 was she f ** king serious ? 
 `` what ? 
 he lights my fire . 
 blows my skirt up . 
 pushes my buttons . 
 however you want to say it . 
 that boy makes me f ** king hot . '' 
 she fanned herself and stared out the front of the restaurant , looking for him . 
 `` why did he say hello when he was leaving ? '' 
 that caused her to giggle in a way she only giggled when she really liked a boy . 
 crap . 
 i 'd known she was attracted to him , but i thought it was just sexual . 
 but the giggle meant something else entirely . 
 `` because he said he hates goodbyes . 
 so he never says them . '' 
 he 'd said bye to me , but not to her . 
 jesus christ . 
 she gazed wistfully after ryder as if he had ridden off on a white horse . 
 `` i do n't want to kill your buzz , but did you not notice that he was clearly on something ? '' 
 i wanted to wave my hand in front of her face . 
 `` i 'm not f ** king blind , rory . 
 stop being so self-righteous , '' she snapped , the dreamy look on her face gone . 
 `` i 'm not trying to be self-righteous . 
 jesus . 
 calm down . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , i 'm just sick of you telling me what to do , but doing whatever the hell you want . '' 
 what ? 
 we 'd gone from eating burgers one minute to fighting the next , and all because of a stupid boy and his stupid tattoos and his stupid arms . 
 yes , it was juvenile to think of him that way , but i could n't think maturely about a guy who had waltzed into my life and caused a rift with sloane and then bailed . 
 `` i do n't want to fight . 
 please can we not fight ? '' 
 she looked down at her burger . 
 `` okay . 
 but i want you to admit that you do act self-righteous sometimes . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i can do that . 
 i act self-righteous sometimes . 
 and i 'll try to stop and do better . '' 
 she looked up at me and i waited . 
 `` okay then , '' she said and picked up her burger as if nothing had happened . 
 we did n't talk about ryder for the rest of the meal , or while we shared a piece of raspberry swirl cheesecake , or as we window shopped and sloane convinced me -lrb- it did n't take very much -rrb- to buy a new pair of heels that looked like black and white wingtips . 
 our unspoken agreement put ryder on the `` do not discuss '' shelf , and there he would stay until we could agree on him , which i did n't hold out much hope for unless he got himself clean and together . 
 the rest of our afternoon was ryderless , but he still left an impression that i could n't get rid of . 
 sloane hugged me and went to her apartment and i crossed the short distance to mine . 
 `` how was it ? 
 i see you could n't resist more shoes , '' lucah said with a smile as i walked in the door . 
 `` you know i ca n't resist shoes . '' 
 i 'd debated with myself about whether or not to tell him about ryder , but my mouth made the decision for me when it blurted out that i 'd seen and talked to him . 
 `` you saw him ? 
 how did he look ? 
 he has n't returned any of my calls this week . '' 
 i set my bags down and we both sat on the couch . 
 `` he looked bad , lucah . 
 he was definitely on something . 
 sloane and i had a bit of a fight about it . 
 she 's not going to stay away from him for much longer . 
 and she also called me out for being self-righteous , which was true , but i was only doing it because i care about her . '' 
 lucah made a sound of frustration and dragged his hands through his hair . 
 `` this is a f ** king disaster . 
 i wish he 'd never come here . '' 
 but he shook his head . 
 `` no , no . 
 that was a terrible thing to say . 
 i guess i just wish that i knew what to do to help him . 
 what would work . '' 
 he 'd gone through everything . 
 offering to pay for rehab , getting him a job , leaving pamphlets on narcotics anonymous wherever ryder was staying , yelling , cajoling , begging . 
 nothing worked . 
 `` he 's got to want to change , and until then , he 's going to keep wanting to be destructive . '' 
 what ryder did n't seem to grasp was that he was n't just destroying his life , he was hurting lucah and tate as well . 
 and when he hurt lucah , he hurt me . 
 the ripples of his behavior hit more people than he could understand . 
 just like those people who stole the money from clarke enterprises . 
 i leaned on lucah and he put his arms around me . 
 `` let me know if there 's anything i can do . '' 
 i wished i could do something . 
 being helpless had to be the worst feeling in the universe . 
 `` i will . '' 
 he held me for a while and we just sat in silence . 
 i glanced down at the clock on the entertainment center . 
 shit . 
 `` we 're going to be late for my parents ' , '' i said , but did n't move . 
 lucah did , patting my knee to spur me into action . 
 `` we ca n't be late , rory . '' 
 he made me get up while he rushed to get dressed in one of his suits since he 'd just been wearing a tank and jeans . 
 i slowly went to join him in the frenzy to get ready . 
 my hair was all messed up from the massage , but i did n't really care . 
 i just pulled it back in a bun and called it good . 
 i also decided to wear my new shoes , and matched the rest of my outfit with them , going with a black dress and some pearls . 
 mom loved pearls , because they were so classic . 
 they always made me think of her , and audrey hepburn . 
 lucah was frantic , trying to get his tie done . 
 `` why did n't i realize how late it was ? '' 
 i motioned for him to stop moving so my steadier hands could fix his tie as he zipped his fly , and i tried fixing his hair . 
 `` what did you do all day ? '' 
 the apartment was definitely cleaner when i 'd come back . 
 `` cleaned , laundry , changed the sheets , dishes , uh , i went out and got some groceries and i went for a run . '' 
 he made me feel completely inadequate , and lucky to have him in my life . 
 if he was trying to make up for something , or butter me up before telling me he did something stupid , that was definitely the way to do it right . 
 `` what did you do ? 
 because obviously if you did all those things , it means you screwed up and are trying to soften the blow , '' i said as i straightened his tie and made sure everything else was in place . 
 i looked up at him and waited . 
 `` we do n't have time for this . '' 
 `` then tell me what it is . '' 
 i crossed my arms and tapped my foot . 
 he shook his head , because he knew there was no way i was going to let it go . 
 `` i may or may not have been cleaning and trying to get your shoes in order and i may have dropped one and then tripped on it , and broke the heel off . '' 
 he winced as if he was waiting for me to smack him . 
 `` where is it ? '' 
 looking like a dog that had peed on the carpet , he went and got the shoe and brought it to me . 
 honestly , i 'd done much worse damage after a night of drunken dancing at the bar . 
 all it would take was a little glue . 
 `` you know i can glue this back on , right ? '' 
 `` wait , you can ? 
 i did n't know you could do that . '' 
 he took the shoe from me and examined it . 
 `` will it stay ? 
 what if you 're walking and it gives out ? 
 you could break your ankle . '' 
 his concern was both adorable , and making us late , so i hurried us out of the door and into a cab to take us to the garage to get his car -lrb- which was barely a ten minute walk -rrb- , explaining that i had broken more than one heel in my time and that i 'd never had a repaired one give out on me yet . 
 he started going on about seeing a cobbler and i asked him if those still existed and he said he 'd seen one somewhere in boston and then we got talking about all the things that had gone out of style . 
 like video stores and boom boxes . 
 we did end up being late , but it did n't really matter . 
 it was just family dinner . 
 lucah was still stressing out about impressing my parents . 
 i just smoothed his hair and told him to relax , but it did n't do much good until the door opened and he morphed into his charming self , like clark kent into superman . 
 no phone booth required . 
 `` we thought you 'd gotten lost , '' mom joked as she took lucah 's coat . 
 he whispered something i could n't hear and she laughed again as we walked into the dining room . 
 i 'd have to ask him about that later . 
 `` so , rory , how is work ? '' 
 mom always asked me that , even though she probably heard enough about clarke enterprises from dad . 
 `` it 's going well . 
 lilia is working out . '' 
 i knew what she was going to bring up . 
 `` walter said they hired a new girl about your age . 
 so you 're not alone anymore . 
 that must be nice . '' 
 i did n't point out that violet and i were both women , because she was my mother and i would always be her little girl . 
 i glanced at lucah , but his charm suit was still in place and was n't budging . 
 `` yeah , it is nice . 
 we had lunch together the other day and i really think we have a lot in common . '' 
 with that comment , lucah choked on a piece of scalloped potato and i banged him on the back as he gulped down some water . 
 `` my goodness , are you all right ? '' 
 mom said . 
 he held his hand up and gasped , trying to get his breath back . 
 i knew exactly why he 'd choked . 
 i did n't mean it to come out that way , but it was kind of funny . 
 in a twisted sort of way . 
 `` fine , mrs. clarke . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 he squeezed my hand under the table and i was n't sure what that was about . 
 lucah 's choking fit did accomplish one thing , and changed the subject . 
 dad had been silent about violet , which i found odd , until i realized that mrs. andrews must have told him something . 
 great . 
 i officially had no secrets . 
 we finished dinner and had dessert and coffee and then dad asked lucah if he could show him something in the study . 
 mom nabbed my arm and said she needed my opinion on drapes , or some such bullshit . 
 smooth . 
 very smooth , parents . 
 but i went along with it . 
 lucah would tell me about it later , of course . 
 mom showed me the drapes and then got down to business . 
 `` so , you and lucah seem like you 're really moving forward . '' 
 jesus , i knew just where this was going . 
 god , i hoped dad was n't doing the same thing to lucah . 
 i wished i could send him a text to make sure , but mom would know something was up . 
 `` yeah , mom , we are . 
 seeing as how we live together and have done so for a little while . '' 
 she gave me a look . 
 `` watch your tone , rory . '' 
 my parents never seemed to appreciate my sarcasm in times like this . 
 `` i am simply pointing out that you have been living together and that usually precedes marriage and babies and so forth . 
 i 'm just wondering if you had any news on that . 
 at all ? '' 
 it was like she 'd overheard our conversation yesterday . 
 did she and dad bug my apartment ? 
 i almost would n't put it past them . 
 `` no , mom . 
 i do n't have any news for you on that front . '' 
 i held up my left hand and wiggled my ring-free fingers . 
 `` we 've been together less than six months . 
 it 's still too soon , do n't you think ? '' 
 she fiddled with the drapes . 
 `` well , you moved in together so soon that i thought maybe the rest of your relationship would move that fast . '' 
 she turned around and gave me a smile , but it was n't a happy one . 
 she was fishing , and poorly disguising it . 
 `` no , mom . 
 i just do n't think that we should rush it . 
 because we 're still young and figuring things out . '' 
 `` that 's probably wise , '' she said , nodding . 
 it did bother me a tiny bit that she was all sweetness and light in front of lucah , but then she did n't seem to approve of our relationship when he was n't around . 
 `` my parents told me that i rushed into things with your father , but of course i was young and in love and i did n't listen . 
 but those were different times and i was much more foolish than you are . '' 
 she patted my arm and went back to talking about drapes and sconces and curtain rods . 
 lucah and i did n't get to talk until we got back in the car . 
 `` so did my dad ask you if you were going to propose to me ? '' 
 `` no , actually . 
 he asked me if i had any more information about the board , but i did n't have anything he did n't already know about . 
 why , is that what your mom asked you about ? '' 
 i nodded and told him all about it . 
 i expected him to be shocked , or surprised , but he just burst out laughing . 
 `` i 'm glad you think this is funny . 
 i doubt you would have if you 'd been in my position . '' 
 `` you 're right , '' he said , trying to stifle his chuckling . 
 `` your mother is a lovely woman , but she kind of scares the shit out of me sometimes . '' 
 `` you and me both . '' 
 13 sloane was on our couch again and this time she 'd been crying . 
 not exactly what i wanted to come home to . 
 `` i think this is my cue to make myself scarce , '' lucah said , going to hide in the bedroom , but sloane stopped him . 
 `` no , it 's okay . 
 you can stay . '' 
 he nodded and sat down on the other end of the couch and i sat next to sloane , taking her feet onto my lap . 
 lucah handed her some tissues . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 she blew her nose before she answered . 
 `` i was just thinking about ryder and how right you are about him and how much i do n't want to be attracted to him , but i ca n't help it . 
 you know me , rory . 
 i always have the worst taste in guys . 
 i always pick the ones that are bad for me . '' 
 that was true . 
 her past relationships left a lot to be desired , and a lot of baggage in their wake . 
 like she did n't have enough already . 
 `` how can you be this into him ? 
 you 've only met him once . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 we met up after that . 
 remember that night i said i was staying late at work ? '' 
 i could n't remember the exact night , because she did it a lot . 
 but i agreed in the interest of moving things along . 
 `` well , we met up for a drink . 
 just a drink . 
 we both wanted more , but i kept hearing your stupid voice in my head telling me that i was making a mistake . 
 he was ... he 's not like anyone i 've ever met and i just wanted to be around him . 
 that was why i wanted to hire him . 
 i also thought , maybe i was being naive , that i could help him . 
 i know what it 's like to have a brother who 's on drugs . '' 
 she blew her nose . 
 sloane was pretty much the only one in her family that had made something of herself . 
 she had two brothers and both of them had been in and out of jail , one for drugs and the other for drinking and driving . 
 `` i know what it 's like to deal with someone who has substance abuse . 
 that was part of the reason why ... i do n't know . 
 i guess maybe i 'm just trying to fix him . '' 
 most of the guys she 'd dated needed fixing , but she 'd always taken them as they were and discarded them when they appeared too broken to work in her life anymore . 
 `` you ca n't fix someone , sloane , '' lucah said . 
 `` i know , i know . 
 i guess i was just fooling myself . 
 believing in the f ** king fairytale . 
 seeing him again today just ... it hit me like a punch in the face . 
 i ca n't help the way i feel . 
 but i 'm going to try , and i 'm going to stay away from him until he can get himself together . '' 
 she gave me a sad smile and i wanted to cry . 
 was there anything as awful as a heartbroken friend ? 
 `` aw , it 'll be okay , i promise . '' 
 it might not be okay , and i could n't really promise , but that was what you said to your friend when she was upset . 
 i started working on her feet even though we 'd had massages that morning . 
 without me having to ask , lucah got up and started making tea , and made up a snack platter . 
 `` okay , i 'll do it , '' he announced , setting the plate of snacks down . 
 `` i will watch the sex and the city movie . '' 
 sloane had been trying to get him to watch it for several of our movie nights , but he had vetoed , or left the apartment , every time . 
 i could n't understand that he could watch nearly every other movie that was considered a chick flick , but he drew he line at that one . 
 until now . 
 sloane smiled and grabbed a cracker topped with jam from the plate . 
 `` if you 're trying to make me feel better , it 's working . '' 
 i grabbed lucah 's chin and gave him a quick kiss . 
 he was the best of the best . 
 we ended up watching the movie , and lucah declared it , `` not as horrible as i thought it would be , '' which was as ringing an endorsement as you could get from him about it . 
 i ended up walking down the hall with sloane to her place and staying for a while . 
 `` are you okay , really ? '' 
 we sat on the couch and she started playing with my hair . 
 `` i just need to let it go . 
 some things are n't meant to be , and this is one of those . 
 i just have to accept it , and move on . 
 i just wish i had someone else to take my mind off it , but then i might make some of my typical bad decisions . 
 i 'm just not good at being alone , you know ? '' 
 i did . 
 `` you know i 'm here for you , whenever you need me . 
 i did n't choose lucah over you . 
 you 're still my best friend . 
 a guy does n't change that . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 she finished the braid she 'd been working on and tossed it over my shoulder . 
 `` i do n't mean to be so needy . '' 
 `` you 're not needy . '' 
 we both knew that was a lie , but we made a silent agreement not to talk about it . 
 `` okay , go back to your man . 
 i 'm going to be fine . '' 
 i wanted to believe her . 
 `` look , how about we have a sleepover next week , or something ? 
 it 'll be like old times . '' 
 she smiled and i got up and gave her a hug . 
 `` sure , that sounds great . '' 
 when i shut the door on sloane and walked back to be with lucah , i felt as if i was being torn in half . 
 like there was n't enough of me to give to both of them , so i had to pick and choose who got me . 
 shared custody . 
 `` everything okay ? '' 
 lucah said when i shut the door . 
 he was already in his boxers , and i was momentarily distracted from my feelings of being pulled apart by the sight of his bare chest , nipple ring and the constellations of freckles scattered all over his skin . 
 `` i miss her . 
 and i feel like when i 'm with you , i 'm abandoning her . 
 maybe this whole ryder thing would n't have happened if i had still been living with her . 
 i could have stopped it somehow . '' 
 he came toward me and put his hands on my shoulders . 
 `` you ca n't blame yourself for all the bad things that happen . 
 it took me a long time to realize that , and lots of therapy all across the united states . '' 
 i knew he was right , but i could n't help it . 
 i felt like a shitty friend . 
 `` maybe we should find a new apartment , rent the one next to it , and then just have an adjoining door . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` if that 's what you want , i think we could arrange that . '' 
 he was serious . 
 `` i understand how important she is to you . 
 when i met sloane i knew that she was part of the rory package . 
 the only place i would draw the line is at sharing a bedroom . 
 and no bunk beds . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 that would be way too weird . 
 `` i 'll think about it . '' 
 he leaned down and kissed the tip of my nose . 
 `` it 'll be okay . 
 i promise , '' he said . 
 i wanted to believe him , so i let him take off my shirt and take me to bed . 
 i was distracted about the sloane thing at work the next day . 
 so much so that lilia pointed it out . 
 `` i 'm sorry , can you repeat that ? '' 
 she 'd been going on about something we could do to improve the company website that she 'd come up with in the middle of the night . 
 she 'd been standing across from my desk , but she shut the door , grabbed the chair and sat down . 
 `` this may not be my place , but something is going on with you . 
 do you want to talk about it ? '' 
 lilia had gone from a girl who could barely make eye contact with me to one that was demanding that i talk to her about my problems . 
 i knew she had it in her . 
 did i want to talk about it ? 
 no . 
 did i need to talk about it ? 
 yes . 
 so i started at the beginning , telling her about lucah and me and our relationship , and sloane , and kept going , even when my phone rang and i could see more emails popping up on my computer . 
 she listened silently , but nodded to show that she was paying attention . 
 `` and this is the first time i 've had a really serious relationship and i do n't think i 'm coping with it very well . '' 
 she nodded again and we sat in silence for a few minutes . 
 `` first off , thanks for trusting me enough to tell me about your relationship . 
 i knew already , but it was still nice to know for sure . 
 i think you need to stop stressing out so much . 
 but you knew that . 
 i 'm sure everyone has given you plenty of advice , and i 'm sure you know , because you 're smart , that what you 're doing is silly and you need to let go of it . '' 
 well . 
 yes , people had told me that and my brain knew that , but this was my mo. . 
 i 'd been getting better , but i 'd just fallen back into my old habits . 
 `` thank you , lilia . 
 you 're right and i 'm sorry that you had to listen to me whine . 
 i owe you an extra lunch for that . '' 
 she grinned . 
 `` happy to help . 
 now can we go back to talking about what we were talking about before ? '' 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 having my college-aged assistant give it to you straight could have been embarrassing , but it was exactly what i needed . 
 someone who was n't part of my outside the office life to tell me to shut up and get over it . 
 that was probably what people paid shrinks for . 
 but lilia was a hell of a lot cheaper . 
 we had another meeting that afternoon , and this time i was shocked to see lucah walking toward the board room . 
 `` what brings you to this floor , mr. blythe ? '' 
 i said , trying to keep the flirtation out of my voice . 
 it was n't easy . 
 `` did n't you read the agenda , miss clarke ? 
 i 'm making a presentation about one of the new apps we 're designing . '' 
 no , i had n't read the agenda , but i figured that if he was making a presentation , he might have , i do n't know , mentioned it when we were at home . 
 together . 
 `` oh , well , i ca n't wait to hear about it . '' 
 we were interrupted by violet walking by . 
 she must have been thinking about something else because she was about to walk right past us . 
 `` oh ! '' 
 she said , seeing lucah . 
 then her eyes went to me and she blushed . 
 those redheads wore their emotions on their sleeves . 
 `` hi , violet , '' i said , to show her that this did n't have to be awkward , even though it probably would be . 
 `` hi , rory . 
 um , lucah ? '' 
 she said his name like a question . 
 `` violet , '' he said , nodding his head . 
 she nodded back and then scurried into the room and took her seat . 
 `` that 's going to get less weird the more we do it , right ? '' 
 i whispered to him . 
 `` god , i hope so . '' 
 as i walked by him to take my seat , his fingers brushed mine and reminded me of the last time we 'd been in a meeting together . 
 which i probably should n't think about , especially while he was making his presentation . 
 i took my seat and the first item on the agenda was to introduce violet and welcome her . 
 she got to make a little speech , which was everything the board could possibly want to hear . 
 there was a round of applause and i snuck a look at lucah , but his face was blank . 
 i should n't have been so weird about violet . 
 now he was probably afraid that i would take anything he did , even smiling at her , the wrong way and freak out about it . 
 well that was ridiculous . 
 i was n't some needy clingy girl that would do that . 
 except i had , when violet had first showed up . 
 i turned my attention away from violet and back on the meeting , but the next thing on the agenda was lucah 's presentation . 
 he stood up and moved to the laptop connecting his presentation to the projector . 
 he was most definitely trying not to look at me . 
 his eyes would sweep the room and skip right over me . 
 but i was watching him . 
 the actual content of the presentation was n't what captivated me . 
 it was how he talked about it . 
 the way his eyes lit up and he smiled and gestured , and the way he walked as he made the presentation . 
 i wished i could have taken my eyes off him to see what everyone else thought , but i could n't . 
 i 'd helped him pick out that suit this morning . 
 i 'd buttoned his shirt , and made sure his tie was straight . 
 just a few hours ago , my fingers had been in that hair , my lips had kissed that dimple in his chin . 
 he was mine . 
 he had been for a long time . 
 and i was his . 
 when he finished , i wanted to get up and give him a standing ovation , but that would n't have been a good idea , so i just watched him pack up his laptop and answer any questions . 
 there were plenty and he fielded them without hesitation , even making everyone laugh a few times . 
 my redheaded charmer . 
 i wished there were some way to get a message to him , so i tore off a corner off my notes -lrb- which were empty because i was too distracted by him to take any -rrb- and wrote you were awesome with a little heart and folded it up under the table . 
 he had to walk behind my chair to get out of the room , and as he did i held out the note and he grabbed it . 
 he threw a look over his shoulder at me . 
 there he was . 
 that was the man i 'd woken up to this morning , and the man i would go home with tonight . 
 because he was mine . 
 saying it in my mind gave me such delight that i wanted to stand up and announce it to everyone , but i could n't . 
 the rest of the meeting was about making some new investments to grow the company . 
 personally , i did n't think it was the right time , and i said as much , but my thoughts were lost in the sea of male voices . 
 the meeting got heated and we ended it with nothing resolved , and an agreement to pick it up again at the next meeting . 
 i had a brief fantasy of calling them out on their scheme to get rid of my father , but i knew going forward without proof , or not letting dad handle it first were both bad plans . 
 so i kept my goddamn professional mouth shut . 
 violet nabbed my arm as i was leaving . 
 `` is it always like that ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` that got intense at the end . '' 
 `` you put a bunch of men in a room and make them talk about money , and that 's the result . 
 it 's the same if you asked them about politics or religion . 
 you 'll get used to it , i promise . 
 they all have to get themselves heard multiple times before anything gets decided . '' 
 she walked with me back to my office . 
 `` men like to be heard , '' she said as we paused at my door . 
 `` yes , yes they do . '' 
 i 'd been dealing with it my whole life . 
 lilia was motioning at me as she talked to someone on the phone . 
 `` oh , i 'm sorry , i think i need to deal with that . '' 
 `` sure , absolutely , see you later . '' 
 she smiled and walked back down the hall to her office . 
 huh . 
 she seemed like she wanted to talk to me about something , but lilia was still frantically waving at me . 
 poor thing had an irate caller who had somehow gotten through the switchboard . 
 it happened every now and then that a crazy got through . 
 this one was worse than most . 
 she put the guy on hold and explained the situation . 
 i told her to put him through to me . 
 this guy had picked the wrong woman to mess with . 
 i told him as much as he ranted and raved and started going off on how women did n't belong working on technology and i should get in the kitchen , and so forth . 
 i let him have it in the calmest , nicest way possible . 
 and when he started cursing at me , i wrote down his number and then hung up . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 i went out to check on lilia and make sure the ass ** le had n't upset her too badly . 
 `` yeah , i 'm fine . '' 
 her eyes were red and her nose was definitely running . 
 `` it would be completely wrong and illegal to hack into his computer and introduce a worm that would eat his hard drive , would n't it ? '' 
 `` well , i have no objections , but i think we 've had enough run-ins with the law lately . 
 not that you 'd get caught , '' i whispered so no one would overhear and then get both of us into deep trouble . 
 even joking about committing cybercrimes was like making bomb jokes in front of the tsa . 
 you just did n't do it . 
 `` i definitely would n't get caught , but it 's probably childish and vindictive . 
 oh well , a girl can dream . '' 
 i made a mental note never to get on lilia 's bad side . 
 i wondered how many ex 's had their computers mysteriously crash . 
 `` next time that happens , put them right through to me . 
 if they want to be jerks , they can do it to me , or my voicemail . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 and please do n't tell anyone about the crying and the hacking . '' 
 `` i would n't dream of it . '' 
 she finally smiled and i went back into my office . 
 i would definitely not mess with her . 
 14 `` i feel like i should give you a round of applause for your fantastic presentation , mr. blythe , '' i said as soon as lucah and i could talk freely . 
 `` i 'm glad it was to your satisfaction , miss clarke . '' 
 he was beaming . 
 i loved seeing him so proud of himself . 
 `` but there 's one thing i 'm not too happy about . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` you did n't tell me anything about it , mr. secretive . '' 
 i poked him in the ribs and he put his hands out to protect himself . 
 `` i thought about it , but i did n't want you stressing about it , and i knew that would stress me about it , and i kind of wanted to surprise you . 
 are you mad ? '' 
 it would take a lot more than that to make me mad . 
 `` no , i 'm not mad . 
 but did you really think that i would get so stressed out about your presentation ? '' 
 i might have been a little nervous for him , but i would n't have gone all the way to freak out level . 
 i had too many other things to do that for . 
 `` no . 
 this time i was the one who was scared . 
 but it did n't show ? '' 
 i had no idea what he was talking about . 
 the only thing i saw up there was confidence , so i told him that . 
 `` you 're a little biased , do n't you think , sunshine ? '' 
 `` even if i am biased , if you were nervous , i would tell you that . 
 when have i ever tried to spare your feelings by lying to you ? '' 
 that he knew of ... `` ah , true . '' 
 we did n't talk about the weirdness with violet . 
 it seemed that neither of us wanted to bring it up , so we just let it go , instead talking about performance anxiety and various presentations we 'd made in high school that had not gone well . 
 i handed lucah my bag and my coat and knocked on sloane 's door , but she was n't home from work yet . 
 i was going to make much more of an effort to spend time with her from now on . 
 i could divide my time . 
 it was n't f ** king rocket science . 
 i texted her asking if she wanted to hang out when she got back , but she said it was going to be another late night . 
 she 'd decided to host a fashion show featuring her new lingerie line , and now had thrown herself full-force into planning it . 
 there went my idea to spend more time with her . 
 i 'd been along for the ride when she 'd planned other shows , and it was n't a fun ride . 
 more like one of those that spins and puts you upside down and scrambles your brain until you ca n't see or walk straight when you get off it . 
 i was about to ask lucah what he wanted to do for dinner , but he was on his phone and his face was so pale that his freckles stood out even more than usual . 
 `` okay . 
 thank you . 
 i 'll be right there . '' 
 he hung up and had to reach out to hold onto the kitchen counter . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` ryder overdosed . 
 he 's in the hospital . '' 
 i had a moment of shock , but it passed quickly . 
 i 'd been expecting this , somewhere in the back of my mind . 
 ryder was headed for a crash , and here it was . 
 `` which hospital ? '' 
 i said . 
 lucah jumped at the sound of my voice . 
 `` mass gen. '' he 'd set my purse down next to the door when we got home , so i grabbed it , making sure my cellphone and wallet were still in it . 
 `` let 's go , '' i said , holding out my hand . 
 he roused himself out of his moment of shock and took my hand as i led him down the hall and to the elevator . 
 `` it 'll be okay , '' i said , using my other hand to rub his shoulder . 
 i 'd never seen lucah so silent . 
 he looked down at me and pulled me close and took one deep breath . 
 `` i hope so . '' 
 the cab ride to the hospital was one of the worst i 'd ever taken . 
 lucah sat in stony silence , but the hand i was holding shook . 
 i paid the fare and we got out , going into the emergency entrance . 
 lucah still seemed unable to speak , so i asked the nurse at the desk where ryder blythe was . 
 `` are you family ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 `` this is his brother . '' 
 the nurse looked at lucah . 
 `` i 'm his brother , '' he finally said , his voice cracking . 
 `` i 'm his brother . '' 
 i thought he was going to pass out , or fall over , but he braced himself on the desk and inhaled sharply through his nose . 
 the nurse told us where to go and gave us directions i tried to remember , while towing lucah along . 
 he stumbled like a zombie , nearly crashing into a nurse who pushed a cart from room to room . 
 i got lost once and had to backtrack , but eventually i found the right hallway . 
 `` that 's his room , '' i said , pointing to the one with the numbers four-two-three on the door . 
 obviously he could see that was ryder 's room , but i still felt the need to say something . 
 `` lucah ? '' 
 he was still so pale . 
 `` this is my fault . '' 
 i thought maybe i 'd heard him wrong , because he could n't possibly be blaming himself for this . 
 `` this is my fault . '' 
 `` let 's just go in and see him , okay ? '' 
 this did n't feel like the right time to address lucah 's self-blame . 
 we could deal with that later , after we assessed the damage . 
 a soft beeping was the only sound in the room , apart from the squeaking of lucah 's shoes on the linoleum as we slowly walked toward the solitary bed . 
 ryder was either asleep , or passed out ; an oxygen tube in his nose , and several lines strung their way to hanging bags of different liquids . 
 the man i 'd seen the other day was gone , replaced by a broken , deflated version . 
 his skin was gray , and his cheekbones nearly poked through his skin . 
 lucah stared at his brother . 
 just stared . 
 and then he fell to his knees beside ryder , taking me with him . 
 i nearly cracked my skull on the metal edge of the bed , but i was able to catch myself before that happened . 
 ryder 's eyelids fluttered and then opened . 
 `` lucah ? '' 
 his voice was rough and cracking , like he had laryngitis . 
 `` ryder . '' 
 lucah lifted his head and reached for ryder 's hand . 
 `` i 'm ... sorry . '' 
 ryder whispered and then coughed . 
 `` it 's okay , do n't try to talk . 
 it 's not important , okay ? 
 it 's not important right now . '' 
 ryder nodded and closed his eyes again , and soon his breathing slowed and deepened and he was asleep again . 
 lucah rose to his feet , taking me with him again . 
 we both turned when a knock sounded on the door . 
 `` are you his brother ? '' 
 a nurse with a dark bun and pink scrubs said in a hushed voice . 
 lucah nodded . 
 `` he 's been asking for you . 
 how about we go out in the hall and talk ? '' 
 this time lucah was the one going first , with me following . 
 the nurse took us down the hall into a little room decorated in bright colors and filled with overly stuffed chairs . 
 `` why do n't you sit down ? '' 
 lucah and i each sank into one of the chairs . 
 these were the kind of chairs that you gave people bad news in . 
 `` your brother overdosed on what we believe was a mixture of pills , all of which he was prescribed . 
 at this point we 're not sure if he was trying to commit suicide , or if he was trying to get high . 
 we pumped his stomach and we 're going to keep him here to watch him for forty-eight hours . 
 i assure you , he 's not in any kind of legal trouble , because no illegal drugs were found on him . 
 once he 's doing better , we 're going to do a psychiatric evaluation to make sure he 's stable enough to go home and does n't need any additional treatment . 
 do you have any other family that you might need to contact ? '' 
 she said all this with a soft , but clipped voice , as if she 'd said it so many times she could just copy and paste our names in the speech . 
 `` our parents are dead . '' 
 the nurse did n't seem surprised or shocked by this information . 
 `` tate . 
 you should call tate , '' i said as gently as i could . 
 `` tate . 
 my other brother tate . '' 
 the nurse nodded . 
 `` okay , well why do n't you call him . 
 we also have some paperwork that we need you to fill out , and someone will be by to talk to you about that as well . '' 
 she looked from lucah to me and back before she patted his arm and left us . 
 i did n't want to bother lucah , or upset him , so i did n't say anything . 
 `` do you think he was trying to kill himself ? '' 
 he said after a few moments of quiet . 
 how did i answer that ? 
 lucah and i had discussed ryder at length . 
 what he 'd done , his screw ups , his failed relationships , all of the bad things . 
 but i barely knew anything about him , really . 
 other than his record of terrible decision-making . 
 `` i ca n't answer that , lucah . 
 we do n't need to talk about it right now , okay ? 
 let 's just take one moment at a time . 
 do you want me to call tate ? '' 
 lucah nodded and put his head in his hands . 
 i took my hand from his , and it felt awful , as if i was abandoning him , but i needed to call tate without lucah overhearing . 
 i stood just outside the disgustingly cheery room and called . 
 april answered , and i could hear the girls chattering in the background . 
 `` hi , april , this is rory . 
 um , i do n't know how to say this , but i 'm at mass gen with lucah , and ryder 's here , and he overdosed on pills . 
 they 're not sure what happened exactly , but he 's here and we 're with him . '' 
 i tried to go on , but april gasped . 
 `` oh my god . 
 we 'll be right there . 
 tate ! 
 tate ! '' 
 she yelled , muffling the sound , but i could still hear her panicked voice . 
 and she hung up . 
 i put my phone in my purse and walked back into the room . 
 lucah still had his head in his hands , but his body shook . 
 i crouched down in front of him and reached for his hands . 
 tears dripped down his face and his nose and onto our hands . 
 he cried silently , that kind of cry that 's so painful you could n't even make a sound if you tried to . 
 `` oh , lucah . 
 i wish there was something i could do . '' 
 i gripped his hands and tried to avoid crying myself . 
 he was always being the calm , stable one for me . 
 now it was my turn . 
 he gasped and tried to breathe , but it had become too difficult for him to manage . 
 `` lucah . '' 
 i repeated his name until he raised his head and looked at me . 
 `` inhale ... exhale . '' 
 i talked to him until he listened and started breathing normally again . 
 my lucah was broken , and there was next to nothing i could do to fix it . 
 `` i ca n't do this again . 
 i wo n't survive it , rory . 
 i just ca n't . '' 
 he rested his head on our entwined tear-drenched hands . 
 `` you 're not going to have to . 
 he 's strong , like you . 
 you 're the strongest , bravest person i 've ever met and i see that more every day i 'm blessed to spend with you . 
 you 're an extraordinary person , lucah jacob blythe . '' 
 i kissed his head and squeezed his hands . 
 `` i love you so much . '' 
 `` i love you , too , '' he whispered . 
 `` thank you for being here . '' 
 `` there 's nowhere else i 'd rather be . 
 i belong with you . '' 
 whether that was in the penthouse at a hotel , or a hospital room decorated like it was a place of happiness instead of a place of sickness and death . 
 lucah took another breath and moved to get up . 
 i stood with him , my knees feeling bruised from kneeling on the hard floor . 
 `` do you want some coffee ? 
 i can go get you some . '' 
 it would give him some time alone with ryder . 
 i also wanted to call sloane . 
 she needed to know what was going on . 
 `` that would be wonderful , thank you . 
 i 'm going to , uh , call tate back and see how long it 's going to take them to get here . '' 
 he gave me a tight hug and kissed my mouth before walking back toward ryder 's room . 
 i called sloane first . 
 `` hey , i ca n't talk right now . 
 what 's up ? 
 ouch ! 
 fucking pins . '' 
 i considered not telling her and hanging up , but when she found out later , she would be upset . 
 really , really upset . 
 `` ryder overdosed on pills . 
 lucah and i are here at the hospital . 
 he 's going to be fine , he 's sleeping right now , but they had to pump his stomach . '' 
 the sounds of sloane 's studio hummed in the background , but from her i heard nothing . 
 `` sloane ? '' 
 nothing . 
 `` sloane . '' 
 she inhaled sharply . 
 `` which hospital ? '' 
 `` mass gen. '' `` room ? '' 
 i told her . 
 `` sloane ? '' 
 the call ended . 
 i immediately tried to get her back to make sure she was okay , but she did n't pick up . 
 shit . 
 i wished there was a better way i could have done that , but there really was n't . 
 i just hoped she could get herself into a cab and get here without incident . 
 we did n't need another person in a hospital bed . 
 i tried her again , but it went straight to voicemail , so she must have shut her phone off . 
 i took a deep breath and then went to find the nurses ' station and some coffee . 
 i was about to give up on the great coffee search when i saw a nurse emerge from a room at the other end of the hall with a steaming cup . 
 i dashed forward like i was being chased by a murderer and found the tiny room with a sink , a coffeepot and a fridge . 
 jackpot . 
 someone had just made a fresh pot , so i poured two disposable cups ' worth and added powdered creamer to mine but left lucah 's black . 
 we were going to be patronizing this room a lot , for as long as ryder was going to be here . 
 it made my stomach twist when i thought about ryder . 
 about what he 'd done to land himself here . 
 it also made me feel like absolute shit for what i 'd said about him , and thought about him . 
 i 'd made judgments and assumptions without understanding where he was coming from . 
 it could have just as easily been lucah in his place , and what then ? 
 i shook the thoughts from my head and walked back toward ryder 's room just as april and tate burst out of the elevator . 
 `` rory ! '' 
 april said , seeing me . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 tate said , his head whipping up and down the hall . 
 i wondered if that was what lucah and i looked like when we 'd first arrived . 
 probably . 
 `` this way , '' i said , hurrying down the hall and trying not to spill the coffee . 
 we found lucah sitting in a chair , with his head resting on one hand and ryder still asleep . 
 `` how 's he doing ? '' 
 tate said as lucah roused himself and got up to give tate and april a hug . 
 `` where are the girls ? '' 
 lucah whispered . 
 `` they 're with the neighbors , '' april replied . 
 tate went to check on ryder , and lucah motioned with his chin for us to leave the room so we could talk . 
 he gave april the details , even more than we 'd heard initially . 
 a nurse must have come in while i was searching for coffee . 
 `` i ca n't believe this , '' april said , hugging herself and shaking her head . 
 `` did you have any idea , any warning ? '' 
 `` no . 
 he 's been avoiding me for the past few weeks , but rory saw him the other day . '' 
 i recounted my interaction with ryder at the restaurant , leaving out the part about sloane . 
 but as soon as i thought her name , there she was , walking with purpose down the hallway . 
 `` i called her , '' i said to lucah as i walked to meet her . 
 her face was red and streaked with tears and mascara . 
 i was always telling her to buy the waterproof kind , but she said it did n't give her as much volume . 
 `` is he okay ? '' 
 she said , holding her bag in front of her as if it was going to protect her . 
 `` he 's going to be okay . '' 
 i got some tissues from my purse and started blotting her face . 
 `` i 'm a wreck . 
 i could n't stop crying on the way over . 
 i think the cabbie thought i was crazy . '' 
 `` a crying woman is probably not the craziest thing he 's ever had in his cab , babe . '' 
 that made her laugh and she grabbed one of the tissues to blow her nose . 
 lucah approached us . 
 `` thank you for coming , sloane . '' 
 he gave her a hug and patted her back . 
 `` i did n't know if i should or not . 
 if it was my place . '' 
 `` no , no . 
 i 'm happy you 're here . 
 the more , the , uh , merrier . 
 that does n't really work in this situation , does it ? '' 
 we all sort of laughed , and i looked around , afraid that someone was going to yell at us for laughing in a hospital . 
 like when you spoke too loudly in a library . 
 `` no , it does n't , '' sloane said and we walked closer to ryder 's room . 
 `` this is rory 's best friend , former roommate and the woman she will eventually leave me for , sloane . 
 sloane , this is my older brother tate and his wife , april . '' 
 tate and april both hugged sloane , and said how much they 'd heard about her , and how lovely it was that she was here . 
 we all stood outside of ryder 's room , a precipice sloane had yet to cross . 
 `` do you want to go see him ? '' 
 lucah said . 
 `` oh , no . 
 i do n't know . 
 it would be weird . 
 i mean , i barely know him . '' 
 she was saying the words with her mouth , but her body was inching closer . 
 it did n't matter that she barely knew him , because of the way she looked at him , the way she laughed when she talked about him , and the fact that she 'd put everything else aside to be here . 
 `` go on . 
 i 'm sure he 'd like to see you , '' lucah said , nearly pushing her into the room . 
 he did n't have to push too hard . 
 we all hung back as she walked inside , rolling her shoulders back and taking a deep breath . 
 despite her tear-smudged face , she looked fabulous , in a black dress with cherries all over it that looked like it was made in the 1940s . 
 she 'd done waves with her hair and pinned it back . 
 add red lipstick and she was an updated version of lauren bacall or ginger rogers . 
 `` ryder ? '' 
 the four of us , me , tate , april and lucah stood and watched , which we probably should n't have , but we wanted to see what would happen . 
 `` sloane ? '' 
 his cracked voice said her name like a wish . 
 or a prayer . 
 `` hey , how are you ? '' 
 she kneeled down next to his bed and reached for his hand , but it was covered in tubes , so she moved upward to his tattoo-covered upper arm . 
 `` been better , '' he croaked . 
 he tried to say something else and coughed . 
 sloane reached for the pitcher of water on the table next to his bed and poured it into a plastic cup , then held it to his lips . 
 he took a few sips . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 his voice was a tiny bit stronger after the water . 
 she put the cup down and reached out to stroke his forehead . 
 that was when we all stopped watching . 
 it was too intimate a moment to intrude on . 
 while sloane talked to ryder the four of us stood around . 
 and waited . 
 15 we ended up eating dinner at the cafeteria . 
 i 'd heard all these horrible things about hospital food , but it was n't as awful as i was expecting . 
 it was hard to eat , but not because of the quality of the food . 
 april got a call from her neighbors , saying that gracie had thrown up and was running a fever . 
 `` fuck , this is just perfect , '' april said , putting her head in her hands . 
 i 'd never heard her swear before . 
 `` if you need to get back , go ahead . 
 we 've got this here . 
 you can come back tomorrow , '' i said . 
 i did n't know if i could miss work , but i knew lucah would need to . 
 `` okay , we will , '' tate said , taking april 's hand . 
 they said goodbye and left , so it was just me , lucah and sloane , who was just poking at the food on her plate . 
 `` i should probably go too . 
 i 'm pretty sure my interns are crying and screaming in agony at the amount of work i left them . 
 they 've been blowing up my phone . '' 
 sloane went and tossed her tray . 
 `` you can stay , if you want . 
 it 's completely up to you . 
 do n't feel as if you 're intruding . '' 
 this was the first time sloane was actually cautious about overstepping boundaries , which showed me , again , how much she liked ryder . 
 `` i 'll come back tomorrow , if that 's okay . 
 have a good night . '' 
 she hugged both of us . 
 and then there were two . 
 `` hey , how are you holding up ? '' 
 i reached across the table for lucah 's hands . 
 i felt like i needed constant contact with him , to show him i was here , and i loved him . 
 `` i 'm doing okay . 
 sorry about earlier . 
 i kind of lost it , i guess . '' 
 his face went a little red . 
 `` you can lose it any time you want , lucah blythe . 
 i lose it on you just about every day . 
 in fact , i think i 've filled my yearly quota of losing it . 
 so never apologize for that . '' 
 my words made him smile , so we were getting somewhere . 
 `` do you want to stay all night ? 
 or go home ? '' 
 `` you can go home . 
 i think i 'm going to stay . 
 sleep is n't really going to happen , and i can always crash in the chair in ryder 's room if i have to . 
 oh , shit what about work ? '' 
 i held up my hand . 
 `` first of all , do n't worry about work . 
 i have connections and i can get you out of it , second , i wo n't be able to sleep if you 're here and i 'm at home . 
 so whatever you do , that 's what i 'm doing . '' 
 he nodded because he knew there was no point in arguing with me on this . 
 `` they 're probably going to try and kick us out . 
 i 'm pretty sure visiting hours end in a little while , '' he said as we dumped our trays and went to take the elevator back up to ryder 's room . 
 `` we could always bribe the nurses . 
 what do you think they 'd want ? '' 
 i leaned against lucah . 
 i was exhausted , but not the kind of exhausted where i wanted to sleep . 
 no , i knew sleep was far away , in a place i could n't reach . 
 `` i could offer sexual favors , '' he said , sticking out his tongue . 
 there was his sense of humor . 
 `` yeah , i 'm sure they would love that , but i 'm not good at sharing . '' 
 ryder was awake when we got back to his room , and flipping through the channels on the small television mounted on the wall . 
 he 'd also propped his bed up and had pushed the sleeves of his hospital gown up so everyone would have full view of his tattoos . 
 `` feeling better ? '' 
 lucah said , and ryder nodded . 
 `` you here to watch me ? '' 
 ryder said , his voice still ragged . 
 lucah opened his mouth , probably to say something about him needing to be watched , but then he changed his mind . 
 `` do you need watching ? '' 
 ryder lifted one shoulder . 
 `` you tell me . '' 
 they were n't going to get anywhere like that . 
 `` i 'm not playing this game with you , ryder . 
 we do n't have to talk about it right now . 
 but we will talk , understand ? 
 there will be lots and lots of talking and you wo n't be able to avoid it . 
 we 're going to talk so much we 'll probably lose our voices and then we 'll talk some more . '' 
 ryder was silent after lucah 's speech . 
 i half expected him to throw a tantrum like a child , but he just turned his attention back to the television and kept flipping the channels . 
 lucah found an extra chair and brought it into the room so there was one for each of us and then got out his phone . 
 `` visiting hours end at nine , '' ryder said after several minutes of complete silence . 
 `` good to know , '' lucah responded , looking up from his phone . 
 i 'd been reading a book on mine . 
 `` which means you will have to leave . '' 
 `` i 'm not a visitor . 
 i 'm family . 
 and i 'm not leaving , '' lucah said , giving ryder a smug smile . 
 `` they 're going to kick you out . '' 
 `` no , i do n't think they will . '' 
 he said it without looking up from his phone . 
 i did n't know how strict the policy was , but if anyone could get the nurses to bend it , it would be lucah . 
 i shivered and brought my feet up on the chair . 
 `` are you cold ? 
 i 'm sure there 's an extra blanket here somewhere . '' 
 lucah got up but ryder 's voice stopped him . 
 `` take one of mine . '' 
 there was an extra blanket folded on the bottom of his bed . 
 lucah unfolded it and draped it over me , tucking the edges in . 
 i pulled off my shoes and let them drop to the floor . 
 i wished i would have thought to bring a change of clothes . 
 i was trying to get comfortable on the chair with the scratchy blanket when another nurse came in . 
 `` someone left this for you at the nurses ' station , '' she said in that hushed voice . 
 she held up a bag and i realized that my other friends -lrb- chloe and marisol , judging by the note left on the top -rrb- had come through . 
 sloane must have called them and asked if they would bring us some clothes . 
 i was beyond blessed in the friend department . 
 `` and how are we doing ? '' 
 she gave ryder a bright smile . 
 he gave her an icy stare in return . 
 `` fucking fantastic , '' he said in a deadpan voice . 
 the nurse 's sweet demeanor did n't falter . 
 that probably was n't the worst thing someone had ever said to her . 
 not even close . 
 `` good to hear , '' she said , and went to take his blood pressure and check his meds and ask him a few questions . 
 i headed for the bathroom to change . 
 i 'd been given comfortable sweats and a baggy shirt and sweatshirt to go over it , socks and even a pair of slippers . 
 it was the outfit i wore when i was sick , or so exhausted from work i did n't want to wear real clothes . 
 i took my hair down and put it back up in a messy bun to go with the messy outfit . 
 when i came out , the nurse was gone , ryder was still looking surly and lucah was staring at his phone . 
 `` chloe and marisol left you a change of clothes too , '' i said , handing the bag to lucah . 
 they 'd left him pajamas and a suit for the next day . 
 `` good women , your friends . 
 especially sloane , '' lucah said , taking the bag and going to change in the bathroom . 
 he glanced at ryder when he said it , but ryder was staring at the television again . 
 i curled back up in the chair and pulled the blanket over me . 
 `` you do n't have to be here . 
 i know you 're not my biggest fan . '' 
 he did n't look at me when he spoke , so i did n't when i answered . 
 `` i 'm not here for you . 
 you 're my boyfriend 's brother . 
 and he wants me here , so i 'm here . 
 deal with it . '' 
 i 'd expected a retort , but lucah came out of the bathroom and stopped ryder from saying whatever it was that he wanted to say . 
 lucah would put up with ryder saying whatever he wanted to him , but saying it to me probably would n't go over well . 
 `` everything okay ? '' 
 he said , looking from me to ryder , who was still concentrating on the television as if he was trying to blow it up through telekinesis . 
 `` fucking fantastic , '' i said , using the same tone ryder had earlier . 
 i was rewarded by a stifled chuckle from the guy in the hospital bed . 
 lucah shook his head and came over to give me a kiss on my forehead . 
 `` you 're pretty f ** king fantastic . '' 
 `` same to you . '' 
 he went back to his chair and pulled out his phone again . 
 i watched the television flash from channel to channel . 
 it was probably going to give me a seizure . 
 `` why do n't you pick something and stay on it ? '' 
 lucah said from his corner . 
 ryder just kept clicking , and lucah sighed . 
 i was getting a view of what their childhood had been like . 
 some things did n't change , no matter how old you got . 
 `` sunshine , wake up , '' lucah said , kissing my cheek . 
 i woke slowly , and as soon as i was back in the world of the awake , i wanted to go back to the world of sleep . 
 the chair i 'd gone to bed in had left cricks and kinks and bad spots all over my body . 
 my neck was completely torqued to one side . 
 i moaned as i stretched . 
 i was definitely going to have to make an appointment with my chiropractor . 
 `` oh my god , '' i said , opening my eyes and greeting the horrible bitch known as morning . 
 i hated her almost as much as i hated mother nature for her little monthly gift . 
 i tried to stand and my legs would n't support me because they 'd been too cramped all night . 
 but lucah was there to catch me . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 i looked around the room , and finally found a clock on the wall . 
 it was six thirty . 
 fuck me . 
 that was probably the worst night of sleep i 'd ever had in my life and now i had to go work . 
 without lucah . 
 i sat back down in the chair and pulled my hair out and ran my fingers through it . 
 i did n't want to take a shower here , but there really was n't time to go home and bathe before i went to work . 
 this would be one of those days when lucah 's hair skills were invaluable . 
 ryder was asleep , curled on his side with the lines for his ivs all tangled up like balloon strings . 
 lucah handed me a cup of coffee . 
 `` you found the nurses ' station , '' i whispered , taking it from him . 
 he looked as terrible as i felt . 
 dark circles etched themselves under his glorious blue eyes and his hair was nearly standing on end . 
 probably from all the times he 'd run his fingers through it with anxiety . 
 `` i did . 
 i 've been patronizing it all night , but no one said anything . 
 i also got some muffins from the vending machine down the hall , if you want one . '' 
 my stomach was churning and upset , so i stuck with the coffee at the moment . 
 `` i wish i could stay here with you , '' i said , and he pulled his chair over so it was right across from mine and put my feet in his lap , pulled off my slippers and started rubbing them . 
 he was so good to me . 
 to everyone he loved . 
 `` i know , but you need to go to work . 
 i 'll be fine here . 
 now that he 's getting back to normal , i 'm better . 
 besides , tate and april are coming up again . 
 and i have the sneaking suspicion that sloane is going to drop by as well . '' 
 i knew she would . 
 `` i probably look like shit . '' 
 `` you 're beautiful no matter what . '' 
 he switched to my other foot as i sipped my coffee . 
 the hospital was bustling . 
 there was never an `` off '' time . 
 the lights were always on , and someone was always there . 
 it was comforting , actually , to know that when you needed someone , the good people of mass gen were available . 
 `` you 're biased , mr. blythe . 
 but i 'll let it slide . '' 
 i finished my coffee and then went to the bathroom to try to get myself somewhat presentable . 
 i turned on the light and almost screamed . 
 it was that bad . 
 i took a deep breath and started with washing my face and untangling my hair and dressing in the clothes the ladies had picked for me . 
 i loaded on the makeup and went for bold lips so people would look at them and not my eyes . 
 i slipped into my shoes and walked back out . 
 lucah whistled quietly . 
 `` whatever , '' i said , rolling my eyes . 
 `` can you help with this ? '' 
 i pointed to my head . 
 lucah patted his lap . 
 i sat down and he worked on my hair , french braiding the sides back into a bun . 
 ryder mumbled something in his sleep and turned over . 
 the machines picked up for a moment and then settled back to their steady beeping . 
 `` done , '' lucah said , patting my hair . 
 i got up and checked it in the mirror . 
 perfection . 
 i munched on one of the muffins and had another cup of coffee . 
 and then it was time for me to get my ass to work . 
 `` i love you . 
 if anything happens , or you need anything , and you do n't call me , you 're going to be in a bed next to your brother . 
 i will be texting you throughout the day to check in , and as soon as i can leave , i 'll be here . '' 
 `` yes , miss clarke . '' 
 he gave me another kiss and i waved goodbye to ryder 's sleeping form . 
 he 'd probably flip me off if he were awake . 
 with one last look at lucah , i headed off to work without him , for the first time in a long time . 
 i called dad on the cab ride over to the office to ask him if he could call lucah 's department and tell them that he was n't going to be in . 
 i did n't explain the details , just said that lucah was under the weather . 
 i did n't know what to tell dad about the ryder situation , but i wanted to talk to lucah about it before i told anyone else . 
 it was n't my story to tell . 
 `` good morning , '' i said to lilia , trying to smile as if i 'd had a full night of restful sleep . 
 `` good morning , '' lilia said , and then looked up at me . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 she kept her voice down , which i appreciated , but my makeup job apparently had n't been good enough , which i did not . 
 `` just had a long night . 
 could n't sleep . 
 thinking about too many things . '' 
 she nodded in understanding . 
 i leaned closer . 
 `` it 's kind of a long story , but hopefully i 'll tell you later . '' 
 she nodded again . 
 `` understood . 
 here are your messages and these are the files you were looking for . 
 your father asked to see you when you have a chance , and violet left this for you . '' 
 i dealt with the violet thing first . 
 it was a note asking if she could meet with me later . 
 sure . 
 i 'd get right on that . 
 i gathered everything up in my arms and dumped it on my desk . 
 would anyone notice if i pulled my chair in and crawled under my desk and went to sleep ? 
 i considered it , but the pile of things i had to deal with called to me and promised me a mental vacation from the lucah/ryder situation , even if it was only for a few minutes . 
 i sat down in my chair and stretched my neck , cringing . 
 and then my phone rang . 
 so it began . 
 i sent lucah texts every fifteen minutes . 
 it was probably excessive , but i could n't help myself . 
 he responded to each one , saying that there was nothing new to report , he was fine , he did n't need anything and tate and april were there , and ryder was getting his `` spirit '' back . 
 that was probably a kind way one of the nurses had put it . 
 at lunch i considered going over , but lucah assured me i did n't have to . 
 he texted me five minutes later and said that sloane had arrived with takeout for everyone and more clothes for lucah and more coffee . 
 she was a saint . 
 i took back any bad thing i 'd ever said about her . 
 i sent her a message thanking her from the bottom of my heart . 
 she just sent back a smiley face . 
 instead of going to the hospital , i took lilia out to lunch again , but this time i did n't want to talk about me . 
 `` so , now that i 've dumped all my personal crap on you , why do n't you dump some on me ? '' 
 i said after we 'd ordered drinks . 
 she looked at me as if i 'd suggested naked mud wrestling . 
 `` sorry if that came off weird . 
 i 'm running on only a little sleep and pure caffeine . '' 
 i 'd had about six cups by that point , and it was hard to sit still in my chair . 
 `` yeah , i can tell . 
 um , everything 's going good , i guess . 
 my neighbors are going through a nasty divorce , every detail of which i am now privy to . 
 it 's a bit like living next to one of those really bad reality shows . '' 
 `` that completely sucks . '' 
 so we talked about horrible neighbors and ate our soup and salads and she did n't ask me once why i looked like crap , and had n't slept , or what was going on . 
 i should give her a raise . 
 `` thanks , for this . 
 i really needed to talk about something else today , '' i said on the walk back to the office . 
 `` you 're welcome . 
 i know when to keep my mouth shut . 
 i do n't want to get on your bad side if i can help it . '' 
 she had in the beginning , which made me feel awful . 
 i apologized for being a bitch at first . 
 `` it 's not a big deal . 
 i think i needed it . 
 i was just so nervous about working at my first real big girl job and i was so worried i was going to screw it up that i never opened my mouth . 
 another boss might have fired me , or just given up . 
 you did n't . '' 
 the praise made me blush . 
 i dropped lilia off at her desk with another secret project -lrb- i 'd given her quite a few lately -rrb- and headed to see if i could catch dad . 
 he was out to lunch , but mrs. andrews told me when he 'd be back . 
 `` is everything all right , dear ? '' 
 she noticed the poorly-concealed dark circles . 
 fucking fantastic . 
 `` sort of . '' 
 `` i , ah , overheard that mr. lucah blythe was not going to be in to work today . 
 i just wanted to know if something had happened . '' 
 she asked it in a really nice way , but i knew if i told her , it would get back to dad and i did n't want that to happen without talking to lucah about telling him first . 
 `` things are going to be fine . 
 they were just rough there for a few hours . 
 i 'm not sure if lucah wants me talking about it , so - '' mrs. andrews put her hands up to stop me . 
 `` say no more . 
 it 's completely personal . 
 i did n't want to pry , i just wanted to make sure there was n't anything i could do . '' 
 not really . 
 it was up to ryder . 
 `` no , but thank you for the concern . 
 it means a lot to me , and i know it does to lucah as well . '' 
 between sloane , chloe and marisol being their fabulous selves and mrs. andrews and dad being so nice about lucah being out , we had all kinds of support that we never asked for . 
 funny how you never know who 's on your side until you need someone on your side . 
 `` you 're family . 
 you know i think of you as my own daughter . '' 
 she was going to make me cry if she kept talking so i just thanked her again and went back to my office so no one would see the tears forming in my eyes . 
 it took a few more minutes to get myself back together again and i realized i still had to go see violet . 
 that should be fun . 
 her office was down the end of the hallway , on the opposite side as mine . 
 i knocked , since her door was closed , but she called out to me to come in . 
 i did n't know what i expected , but her office was n't that different from mine . 
 not too many pictures , or clutter or useless crap that a lot of other people seemed to need around them at all times . 
 she had a few plants , and some generic watercolor prints , but that was about it . 
 she was typing on her computer , and did n't look up . 
 `` hold on one second , i just have to finish this thought . '' 
 she typed a few more words and then looked up at me with a smile . 
 `` hi , rory . '' 
 `` hi , violet . '' 
 there was another pause as i wondered if i could sit in her extra chair or if i should just stand there because this was just a quick question . 
 violet seemed to realize that she had n't offered a chair . 
 `` oh , please , sit down . 
 sorry about that . 
 i was thinking about something else . '' 
 i sat down and she put a smile on her face . 
 `` so , what can i , um , do for you ? '' 
 it did n't feel like the right thing to say , but i said it anyway . 
 `` this is kind of embarrassing , actually . 
 i feel absolutely weird asking you about this , and feel free to tell me if this is completely inappropriate , but i just wanted to make sure that lucah was okay ? 
 i noticed he was on this list of absent employees . '' 
 every day , an email was sent around to everyone listing the absent employees , and those that were on vacation . 
 it saved a lot of them from getting massive amounts of email when they were n't there to check it . 
 `` oh . '' 
 it did n't seem that ... inappropriate , i guessed . 
 she probably did n't have anyone to ask , and she knew i would know the answer . 
 `` he 's fine . 
 just , um , dealing with some things . '' 
 maybe she could read between the lines . 
 i almost wished she would have told me what she wanted to ask me ahead of time so i could have texted lucah and asked him if it was okay to tell her . 
 i mean , what was the protocol here ? 
 what would he want her to know ? 
 `` say no more . 
 i 'm going to guess it involves that brother of his . 
 ryder was always trouble , even when he was barely a teenager . '' 
 she shook her head and rolled her eyes toward the ceiling at the same time . 
 `` i 'm sure he 's probably told you some of the stories . '' 
 yes , he had . 
 also , could i go now ? 
 `` anyway , i just wanted to make sure he was n't in a car accident or something . 
 we might not be together anymore , obviously , but you never stop caring about someone , even when you break up . '' 
 how much caring were we talking about here ? 
 i almost wanted to stay and ask her , but i needed to get back to work so this day could be over , so i could go back to the hospital . 
 `` no , he 's fine . '' 
 i was n't going to elaborate . 
 if lucah wanted to tell her later on , he could do it himself , but for now , it was not really her business . 
 `` oh , good . 
 sorry about this being so weird , but i do n't have his number anymore , and i did n't know who to ask about it . '' 
 `` no , it 's fine . 
 i get it . '' 
 not really . 
 i left violet 's office and went back to mine not knowing how i felt . 
 but i went back to work anyway . 
 dad never did catch up with me , so i 'd have to wait to see him the next day , or call him later . 
 that was probably good , because i could talk to lucah about what i should and should not discuss . 
 i counted down the minutes until i could leave . 
 i had everything packed and ready to rocket out the door , and i probably would have punched anyone in the face if they 'd come to me with a crisis at five minutes to five . 
 no one did , and i ran out of the office so fast , people probably thought i was on fire . 
 i paid the cabbie extra to get me to the hospital faster , and he did . 
 i ended up getting too impatient for the elevator , so i ran up the steps , arriving on ryder 's floor sweaty and out of breath . 
 what i found when i walked into ryder 's room was not what i expected . 
 it was pretty much almost exactly as i left it , only this time lucah was tuning a guitar , april was fussing over ryder 's pillows and he was minus a few of the iv lines . 
 and i nearly crashed into sloane , who had two trays of coffee . 
 `` best friend , '' i said reaching out to take one of the trays from her . 
 `` hey , i figured you were going to get here around now . 
 how as work ? '' 
 never mind that . 
 `` how is he ? '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` he 's doing much better . 
 he did n't try to kill himself , we do n't think . 
 he just took too many pills . '' 
 that seemed a little bit too convenient an excuse , and i was n't buying it , but i would hold off judgment for now . 
 `` sunshine , '' lucah said , beaming at me . 
 he did n't look any more rested , but he seemed a lot more cheerful . 
 `` where did the guitar come from ? '' 
 i said , handing out the coffee as lucah got up to give me a kiss . 
 `` tate brought it . 
 he had one at home and figured we could use a little music . '' 
 `` kill me , please , '' ryder said from his bed . 
 `` not today , '' april said , making sure his one remaining iv line did n't have any kinks in it . 
 `` how was work , miss clarke ? 
 did you miss me ? '' 
 only every other millisecond . 
 no , that was a lie . 
 i 'd missed him every second . 
 `` it was not as fun without you . 
 how 's everything here ? '' 
 `` pretty much what you 're seeing . 
 nurses have been in and out , checking and testing . '' 
 `` please kill me , '' ryder said again . 
 `` if one more person asks me if i 've pooped today , i 'm going to lose it . '' 
 it appeared ryder was n't a model patient , but that did n't surprise me . 
 men were horrible when they were invalids . 
 `` hush , '' april said . 
 sloane came in behind me and ryder 's eyes went immediately to her . 
 drawn to her . 
 she was n't as spruced up and fabulous as last night , but he did n't seem to care . 
 and she stared back just as much as she handed out coffee . 
 there were n't enough chairs , so i sat in lucah 's lap , april took the other chair and sloane sat on the edge of ryder 's bed and absentmindedly rubbed his feet . 
 he closed his eyes and lay back , moving the bed so he was more horizontal . 
 `` where 's tate ? '' 
 i asked as lucah took my hair down and ran his fingers through it . 
 it was pretty gross since i had n't showered , but he did n't seem to mind . 
 `` he went home to take care of the girls . 
 he 'll be back tonight . 
 we 're going to switch , '' april said , sipping her coffee . 
 `` you do n't need to , '' ryder said in a loud voice , his eyes still closed . 
 `` or we could leave the girls with the neighbors again ... '' she trailed off , thinking . 
 `` or you could just leave , seeing as i have enough babysitters already , '' ryder said again , but everyone continued to ignore him . 
 `` well , you need babysitters , '' lucah said , picking up the guitar and plucking a string that let out a sound of dissonance . 
 `` when was the last time you tuned this thing ? '' 
 he fiddled with the strings and kept tuning . 
 `` this is hell . 
 i must be dead , because this is hell , '' ryder said . 
 then he opened his eyes and looked at sloane . 
 she pretended to be watching lucah , but i could tell she was paying attention . 
 `` or maybe not , '' he said so softly i almost did n't hear it . 
 uh huh . 
 `` why do n't you guys head home for a while ? 
 get a shower in and so forth . 
 sloane and i can handle things here , '' april said and sloane nodded . 
 it would be nice to have a shower . 
 maybe lucah and i could share it and i could give him a little tlc . 
 `` how about it ? '' 
 i said to lucah . 
 `` okay , okay . 
 you 're all going to pressure me into it anyway . '' 
 he put the guitar down and got up , putting his arm around me . 
 `` do n't you dare do anything while i 'm gone . 
 i have all the nurses watching you , '' lucah said to ryder , who did n't open his eyes . 
 ryder remained silent as lucah and i gathered all of our things . 
 lucah took my hand as we walked toward the elevator . 
 `` how are you holding up ? 
 did you get any sleep ? '' 
 he pushed the button to go down as if it took a lot out of him . 
 now that we were n't in the room with ryder anymore , lucah was wilting by the second . 
 `` a little bit , but not much . 
 i think i 'm too tired to sleep at this point . '' 
 i knew what he meant . 
 `` well , we 'll go home and take a shower and you can take a nap and i 'll make you something to eat . 
 how does that sound ? '' 
 `` perfection , '' he sighed , closing his eyes . 
 `` what did i do before you , sunshine ? 
 i ca n't remember and i do n't want to . '' 
 `` you survived somehow , i guess . 
 and you did n't do a bad job of it . '' 
 he leaned on me and i thought he was going to fall asleep standing up , but the elevator reached the first floor and his eyes flew open . 
 `` let 's get you home , '' i said , dragging him out of the elevator . 
 16 we only meant to spend about an hour at home , but after lucah fell asleep in the shower , i dragged him out and tipped him onto the bed , where he continued to sleep . 
 i did a quick clean of the apartment , emptied the dishwasher and blow dried my hair before pulling a frozen pizza out of the freezer and putting it in the oven . 
 sloane was n't conveniently around to make me an elaborate four-course meal . 
 my cooking skills had been crippled by having too many good cooks in my life . 
 while the pizza cooked , i sat on the couch and closed my eyes for a moment . 
 i thought about climbing in bed next to lucah , but i figured i 'd let him have the bed to himself . 
 the next time i opened my eyes , the timer was going off and the smell of pizza filled the house . 
 i got up , and stumbled to turn the oven off , but did n't take the pizza out . 
 i wanted to wait until lucah was awake . 
 i went in to check on him and decided not to wake him yet . 
 his wet hair was all over the place , and he was sleeping on his back , which he almost never did unless he was exhausted . 
 i stood beside the bed and pushed some of his hair out of his eyes . 
 he was going to have a hell of a cowlick when he woke up . 
 i had to stop watching him because it made my heart feel like it was going to burst , and i wanted to cry . 
 i backed out of the room and shut the door , moving back to the couch and turning on the television for a little while . 
 two hours later , i heard noises in the bedroom and lucah emerged , his eyes still squinty with sleep and his hair something else entirely . 
 `` good morning , my love . '' 
 he groped his way toward the couch and collapsed down next to me . 
 he was naked when he 'd gone to bed , but he 'd put some boxers on before he came out . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 `` uh , nearly nine . '' 
 `` shit , we should get back . '' 
 he tried to get up , but did n't quite make it . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 sloane and april and tate have it . 
 i 've been texting them . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` are you hungry ? 
 there 's pizza . 
 i did n't do anything fancy with it , but i 've been keeping it warm in the oven for you . '' 
 his stomach growled as if it had been listening to me . 
 `` be right back . '' 
 i went and got the pizza , cut slices and put them on paper towels because i was too lazy for plates . 
 `` dinner is served . 
 do you want something to drink ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` thank you , this is great . '' 
 i grabbed two bottles of water and sat back down with him while we each inhaled our first slice , and then went back for seconds and thirds . 
 i 'd never eaten that much pizza in my life . 
 between the two of us , we finished the entire thing in less than ten minutes . 
 `` that was the best pizza i 've ever had , '' lucah said , folding his hands on his stomach and leaning back . 
 `` food always tastes better when you 're really hungry , '' i said , trying to figure out if i could get up from the couch . 
 `` yes it does . 
 but still . 
 we should probably get back . '' 
 he actually made it to his feet this time . 
 `` um , you might want to put some pants on first . 
 and maybe a shirt , '' i said as he pulled me up as well . 
 i 'd just thrown a robe on when i got out of the shower , so i had to actually get dressed . 
 what seemed like hours later , but was only a few minutes , we were dressed and heading back to the hospital . 
 `` will you stay the entire night again ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` i think i should , at least until they release him , which will probably be tomorrow . 
 and speaking of that , i need to ask you something . 
 i 've been thinking about it all day , but i wanted to ask you before we make any final arrangements . '' 
 i waited as we rode down the elevator to the first floor . 
 `` and what is that ? '' 
 his eyes watched the numbers go down instead of looking at my face . 
 `` i , uh , want ryder to move in with us . '' 
 my jaw hit the floor . 
 or at least close to it . 
 `` i just do n't think we should send him back where he was , wherever that was . 
 the people he was living with have n't even bothered to call , or check in on him even though they knew that he was in the hospital . 
 plus , they 're part of the problem . 
 we talked today , and he told me that he 's been trying to get off drugs for a while now , but they were always high , so it was n't the best environment for him to quit in . 
 and i feel partially responsible for what happened . 
 for not being there for him . '' 
 i wanted to tell him that it was n't his fault , but i did n't think that was going to get me anywhere . 
 i got over my initial shock pretty damn fast . 
 `` well , we have an extra bedroom , '' i responded , because that was the best thing i could think of to say . 
 `` are you serious ? 
 you 're okay with this ? '' 
 the elevator opened to the ground floor , and he moved to get out . 
 he was looking at me as if i 'd just handed him a check for ten million dollars . 
 `` if ryder is up for it , we have the space , so of course . 
 he 's your family , and so he 's part of my family . 
 you 've done a lot for me , and for sloane . '' 
 he opened his mouth and then closed it , at a loss for words . 
 then he grabbed my face and kissed me fiercely . 
 we had n't kissed like that since the situation started with ryder , and i 'd missed it , even though it had been less than two days . 
 `` i love you so much that i ca n't breathe sometimes . 
 how did i find you ? '' 
 his thumbs skimmed my cheeks and he smiled so big , i thought his face might crack . 
 i was smiling too . 
 `` ebay . '' 
 he leaned forward once more and kissed each cheek and then the tip of my nose and the middle of my forehead . 
 `` it 'll take some getting used to , having him around , but it will only be temporary . 
 i 'll get him set up with his own place , and get his ass employed and he 's going to get his shit together whether he wants to or not . 
 and then we can go about our merry way . '' 
 the last part made me laugh as i imagined lucah and i skipping through a field of wildflowers . 
 `` now we just have to break it to ryder . '' 
 lucah said as he hailed a cab . 
 `` oh , i 'm sure he 's going to be thrilled about it . '' 
 that was an understatement . 
 `` you are f ** king kidding me ! '' 
 ryder said when lucah pitched him the idea . 
 we 'd stopped at ryder 's favorite taco place to pick up a bunch of tacos to soften the blow , but it did n't really work . 
 he 'd known something was up . 
 sloane had gone to make a few phone calls , and april and tate were out in the hallway talking about something kid-related . 
 `` i am not moving in with you . 
 i 'm not some stupid kid . 
 i 'm an adult . 
 i have my own f ** king life . '' 
 his face was getting red , but so was lucah 's . 
 `` yeah , you do ryder , and look where you ended up . 
 in the f ** king hospital . 
 you ca n't keep living this way , and i will be damned if i 'm going to let you f ** k your life up any more than you already have . 
 what would mom and dad think ? '' 
 there was a charged silence after lucah 's outburst . 
 the two men were nearly shaking , they were so worked up . 
 i was torn between thinking that i should leave them to it , and staying to make sure they did n't get into it . 
 on the plus side , we were already in a hospital . 
 i stayed . 
 the rage simmered and i thought it was going to explode , but it did n't . 
 ryder looked away from lucah and out the window . 
 `` i 'm not trying to punish you , ryder . 
 i 'm f ** king trying to keep you alive . 
 and like it or not , i 'm all you 've got . 
 me and tate . 
 i ca n't lose any more of my family , i ca n't . 
 do n't make me have to . '' 
 lucah 's voice went from loud to soft and intense . 
 ryder kept glaring out the window , but i could tell that he was fighting a losing battle . 
 he might be a grown man , but he was still lucah 's little brother . 
 something like that did n't change , no matter how old you got . 
 `` you do n't have to talk to me , that 's fine . 
 give me the silent treatment . 
 get it out of your system . 
 but when you leave this hospital , you will be moving in with us , and you will be going to counseling . 
 if you ca n't comply with that , then i will be very happy to tell the hospital that you ca n't be responsible for yourself and need to be admitted to a treatment facility . 
 trust me , that place probably is n't going to have food cooked by sloane harris every night . '' 
 at the mention of sloane 's name , ryder startled , just a microscopic amount . 
 `` i am going to get some coffee , and i will be back . '' 
 lucah left the room and i followed him . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 tate said , looking worried . 
 lucah explained the situation as sloane came back with coffee for everyone . 
 `` are you sure you 're up for that ? 
 it 's going to be like having a full-grown toddler in your house . 
 i would say he could come and live with us , but i think that might make things worse , and i do n't know about having him with the girls . '' 
 i could understand that , absolutely . 
 which was why letting him stay with us was really the only option , and the best option . 
 `` we 're up for it , are n't we , sunshine ? '' 
 lucah slung his arm around me . 
 `` we probably wo n't even notice he 's there . '' 
 that was the biggest lie i 'd ever heard , but i did n't call him out on it because i wanted to believe it . 
 `` he could stay with me , '' sloane said , looking at the coffee cup in her hand . 
 i had the urge to scream , no , but lucah cut in for me . 
 `` he 's my brother . 
 my responsibility - '' he was then cut off by ryder standing in the doorway of his room , hanging onto his iv pole . 
 `` i 'm not anyone 's f ** king responsibility , and i 'm sick of you talking about me out here . 
 so if you 're going to do it , go somewhere else . '' 
 he turned around and i hid my eyes because his gown was tied in the back , but not very well . 
 there was a lot of exposure . 
 we all stood there silently after ryder called us out . 
 `` on that note , i think we 're going to head home , '' april said . 
 `` we 'll talk about ... everything at some other time . '' 
 there was more hugging and then they left . 
 `` i also think i 'm going to head home . 
 i have a lot of laundry to do . 
 keep me updated . '' 
 more hugs for sloane and then it was lucah and me and a surly ryder . 
 `` i 'm thinking maybe we should both spend the night at home . 
 give him some space . 
 the nurses are watching him and the doctor is always on call . '' 
 ryder had to meet with a psychiatrist and would have to continue doing so for a little while to make sure that he was n't harming himself further . 
 they were also changing his medication . 
 `` i think that would be a good idea . 
 he 's kind of been in a fishbowl lately . '' 
 we both spoke in low voices so ryder could n't overhear . 
 `` true . 
 i 'll go tell him we 're leaving . 
 why do n't you stay out here ? '' 
 i nodded and he went to say goodnight to ryder . 
 only a few minutes later he was closing the door and shaking his head . 
 `` this is going to be interesting . '' 
 the realization that ryder was going to be moving in with us the next day hit both of us as soon as we got back . 
 we had a bed in the spare room , but we had n't really decorated it or anything . 
 plus we were going to have to feed him , and ... `` i can see you starting to panic , '' lucah said as he got out some sheets for the bed while i made sure the drawers in the room were empty . 
 `` i 'm not panicking . 
 i 'm just ... '' i did n't know what i was . 
 i 'd never lived with another boy before . 
 lucah had been the first , and obviously it was different than living with ryder . 
 i barely knew him . 
 `` it 's going to be an adjustment , but i 'll deal . '' 
 i gave him what i hoped was a confident smile and went to check the refrigerator to make sure there was actually food in it . 
 it was well-stocked , and i could n't remember it being that way when we left . 
 just as i was about to go back down the hall and thank the refrigerator fairy -lrb- otherwise known as sloane -rrb- , there was a knock at the door . 
 i did n't think it was her at first because she almost never knocked , but it was . 
 `` wow , this is new . 
 the knocking and everything , '' i said as i let her in . 
 she had a box full of ... stuff . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 `` just some things for ryder . 
 i know he does n't have a lot of stuff , so i went out and got some shaving cream , and shampoo and i brought him some clothes i had kicking around . '' 
 she always had clothes `` kicking around '' at the most convenient of times . 
 `` you really did n't have to do this , '' i said as she proceeded to take the box into the guest room and surprise lucah . 
 `` i know , but i wanted to . 
 so there . 
 take it or leave it . '' 
 lucah did n't say a word as she started folding shirts and putting them in the drawers . 
 `` speaking of ryder 's stuff , are you going to go over and get it from wherever he was crashing ? 
 has he told you where he was ? '' 
 i asked lucah as sloane flitted around the room , putting everything in order . 
 lucah and i stood back and watched . 
 it was like one of those home makeover shows , only it was happening in our apartment . 
 `` um , he just had a duffel full of his stuff and someone dropped it off at the hospital for him , minus his cash of course , and i guess that 's all he had . 
 so he can just bring it when he comes tomorrow . '' 
 sloane finally emptied the box and turned around , a triumphant smile on her face . 
 `` tada ! 
 now we just need to get something on the walls and some candles and this place will be livable . '' 
 i did n't know what she was talking about . 
 the sheets were 400 thread count , and the furniture was from pottery barn . 
 it was by no means uninhabitable . 
 `` candles ? '' 
 lucah said , one ginger eyebrow raised . 
 `` they make manly candles now . '' 
 sloane seemed offended . 
 `` well , we 'll see what he wants when he gets here , '' i said to be the peacemaker . 
 `` right . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 crisis averted . 
 sloane took the box and said to contact her if we needed anything and then was gone as quickly as she 'd blown in . 
 `` what was that all about ? '' 
 lucah said , sitting down on the bed , which now had the addition of a few throw pillows sloane had found somewhere . 
 `` she is being so weird about this ryder situation , '' i said , joining him on the bed . 
 `` i could n't believe she suggested he move in with her , '' lucah said , picking up one of the throw pillows and then putting it back . 
 `` yeah , like that would work out , '' i agreed . 
 `` it would only end one way and it would n't be pretty . 
 i 'd also be prepared for her to be dropping by without announcing herself again . 
 she stocked the fridge while we were gone , and i foresee her cooking a lot , and coming over to borrow things , etc. '' `` that should be fun . '' 
 lucah yawned and lay back on the pillows . 
 i snuggled next to him , putting my head on his chest . 
 `` do you realize this is the longest the two of us have gone since we moved in together without having sex ? '' 
 i almost rolled my eyes , but i could n't lie , i was thinking about it too . 
 `` i think i read somewhere that the average american couple only has sex , like , a few times a week . '' 
 his hand moved to my hair . 
 `` but we 're not average . 
 who wants to be average ? 
 i want to be in the ninety-ninth percentile . 
 that 's where all the geniuses are . '' 
 `` you mean that 's where the sex addicts are . '' 
 `` okay , maybe that was a bad example . 
 but still . '' 
 i waited for him to say something else , but he did n't . 
 `` does this mean you want to have sex ? '' 
 i hoped i was reading his signals right . 
 `` sunshine , i always want to have sex with you . 
 if there were a way to spend each moment of each day f ** king you in every way imaginable , then i would happily sign up . 
 but right at this moment , i 'm afraid i would fall asleep on you , and that would n't be very sexy . '' 
 `` you probably would n't be the only one . '' 
 i yawned and i could feel my eyes closing . 
 `` yup , '' he said , and the next thing i knew we were both passed out on ryder 's new bed . 
 i took a quick break the next morning and called lucah to see how things were going . 
 i made sure that my office door was closed and locked beforehand , though . 
 `` he 's still not very happy , but he said he would take this over rehab . '' 
 `` i guess that 's an improvement ? '' 
 `` i guess . '' 
 i heard ryder talking in the background . 
 `` look , i 'll call you later , okay ? '' 
 `` okay . 
 love you . '' 
 `` love you , too . '' 
 he hung up and i wished that i 'd gotten to talk to him longer . 
 or that i could magically transport myself to the apartment . 
 or , clone myself so i could be in two places at once . 
 i shook my head at my imaginings . 
 if i could , i was going to sneak away on my lunch break and make sure everything was going okay . 
 i had no doubt that lucah had everything in hand , but my control freak tendencies would not be suppressed . 
 there was a knock at my door and i told whomever it was to come in before remembering that the door was locked . 
 i got up to open it and was shocked to find my father standing in front of my office . 
 `` oh , hi dad . '' 
 i smiled and stepped back so he could come in . 
 `` sorry about the locked door . 
 i was calling to check on lucah and did n't want to take the risk that someone would walk in on me . '' 
 he nodded and sat down . 
 `` understood . 
 that 's actually what i came to talk to you about . 
 he 's been out for three days now . 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 i 'd hoped to put this off until that sunday when lucah would come with me to dinner , but it had to be addressed now . 
 `` okay , so it 's lucah 's brother , ryder , that 's actually in trouble . 
 to make a long story short , he overdosed on some pills and ended up in the hospital . '' 
 i reiterated that they were prescribed and not illegal and that he had n't been trying to kill himself and so on and so forth . 
 then came the rough part . 
 `` since he 's trying to get back on his feet and has no money and nowhere to go , he 's going to stay with us for a little while . '' 
 i waited for his reaction . 
 i had no idea if it would be good or bad , which was why i had avoided talking to him . 
 `` are you sure you 're up for that ? 
 he does n't sound like the most stable fellow . '' 
 he was n't , but there was n't really anything i could do about that . 
 `` it 's the best solution for right now . 
 we have the space and he 's family . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 that was the best way to explain it . 
 lucah 's family was my family now , even if we were n't married . 
 `` that is a very generous thing you 're doing , rory . 
 not many would do that in your situation . '' 
 i found that hard to believe . 
 my parents were extremely generous people , and were always giving to one charity or another , and mom volunteered so much it was almost her full-time job . 
 `` he 's family , '' i repeated . 
 that was it . 
 the end . 
 ryder was staying . 
 dad finally smiled and came over to give me a hug . 
 `` i 'm so honored to be able to call myself your father , aurora . '' 
 he kissed the top of my head like he did when i was young and got a good report card . 
 `` and if you need anything , anything at all , please let me or your mother know . 
 you know we would be more than happy to help in any way we can . '' 
 i could just picture it . 
 mom would be worse than sloane . 
 `` i 'm honored to be able to call myself your daughter , walter . '' 
 he chuckled and then left , stopping to say hello to lilia on his way back to his office . 
 i considered , for a moment , asking him if he knew of any jobs for ryder , but i did n't think the kinds of jobs dad would know about would be good for ryder . 
 lucah might be a bad boy who was able to work it in the boardroom , but i just could n't see ryder sitting at a desk in a suit . 
 maybe in a music store or a hip coffeehouse . 
 but i knew he 'd already gotten fired from places like that , so the chances of finding somewhere he had n't already gotten fired from were pretty slim , even in a city this size . 
 plus , the economy was so bad that people with masters degrees were having trouble finding employment . 
 but lucah would find a way to make it work . 
 i had complete and total faith in him , even if i did n't have it for ryder . 
 yet . 
 17 `` knock , knock , '' i said , opening the door slowly and making sure i made plenty of noise jingling my keys . 
 `` i thought i would come and see how things were going . '' 
 `` hey , sunshine ! '' 
 lucah said , coming out of the room formerly known as the guest room and now was ryder 's room . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` i thought i would come and see how everything was going . 
 so , how 's it going ? '' 
 i peered toward the room , but lucah had closed the door . 
 `` he 's sleeping . 
 the new meds they 've given him are going to take a little while to adjust to . 
 i also think he went to sleep so he would n't have to talk to me . 
 he 's got his first therapy session tomorrow . '' 
 oh , that should be fun . 
 `` but anyway , how are you ? 
 how 's work ? 
 is it weird that i miss it ? '' 
 he put his arms around my waist . 
 `` not weird at all . 
 i 'd miss it too . 
 work is good . 
 dad asked if he could do anything to help , by the way . 
 i gave him the abbreviated version and he was surprisingly okay with ryder moving in . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` uh huh . '' 
 he leaned down and gave me a kiss and then licked my top lip . 
 he had the metal tongue bar in again . 
 mmmm ... `` i 'm not tired anymore , '' he said , withdrawing his mouth from mine only lick a spot behind my ear that made me quiver in every place that mattered . 
 `` lucah , i ca n't . 
 ryder is right there . '' 
 he pulled back to look at me . 
 `` you do realize that we had sex in the office with people right next door . '' 
 that was different , but it was true that we had n't had sex in a few days and i was definitely missing it in my life . 
 lucah smiled because he saw my face change . 
 `` just once . 
 or twice if you can rush it . 
 i have to get back to work . '' 
 we ran to the bedroom and slammed the door and then ripped off each other 's clothes . 
 `` shhh , '' i said as lucah took me and tossed me on the bed . 
 `` lock the door . 
 if he walked in on us , i would die of embarrassment . '' 
 lucah locked the door and then dived on top of me . 
 before i could say another word , he was straddling me and asking me if i wanted him inside me . 
 `` fuck yes . '' 
 i 'd been ready for days and so wet that when he thrust into me , it was smooth and he went deep . 
 before i could even get used to him being inside me , he pulled nearly all the way out and plunged in again . 
 `` do you want more ? '' 
 he said , as if he was going to stop if i did n't say yes . 
 in answer i dug my fingers into his back and wrapped my legs around him and thrust my hips upward as much as i could . 
 `` that 's my girl , '' he said before setting a frenzied pace that i could barely keep up with . 
 it was hard and it was fast and before i knew it , he was arching above me . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i could n't hold out any longer , '' he panted above me . 
 `` but if you give me a few minutes , i 'll be ready again . '' 
 we kissed while we waited . 
 people always seemed to underestimate the eroticism of kissing . 
 especially if your boyfriend had a tongue bar . 
 within just a few minutes , i could feel him getting hard inside me . 
 lucah flipped us so i was on top . 
 this time i was able to set a slower pace and maneuver myself so all the right spots were getting hit , and within minutes i was screaming his name . 
 he held on a little longer , but it was another quickie . 
 i fell against him , and we both rolled so we were on our sides . 
 `` that was so much better than eating a salad , '' i said , kissing his shoulder . 
 `` or even a burger . 
 although i am hungry now . '' 
 `` i can make you something quick . 
 no time for a burger though . '' 
 he smiled and got up , but only to carry me to the bathroom so i could clean myself up . 
 i nearly had a panic attack when we left the bedroom because i had a vision of ryder sitting in the living room , but he was still in his room , and the door was still shut . 
 i put my hair up and got in the shower for a quick rinse and lucah went back to put clothes on and hopefully make me something to eat . 
 i put my robe on , and tied it extra tight before walking into the kitchen . 
 `` grilled cheese and some soup okay ? '' 
 he had the stove going and it made me want to take him back to bed again . 
 `` you are the perfect man , '' i said , hugging him from behind . 
 `` i would n't go that far , '' a voice said that made me clench onto lucah like a human shield . 
 `` hello , ryder , '' lucah said in a warning tone . 
 i pressed myself into his back so ryder would n't see my red face . 
 the robe covered everything , but it was still weird for this guy i barely knew to be seeing me so casual . 
 `` what are you making ? '' 
 i finally turned around . 
 there he stood , wearing only a ripped tank and a pair of boxers that were stretched and hung low on his hips . 
 `` i 'll make you something after rory goes back to work . 
 what would you like ? '' 
 `` christ , you do n't have to do that . 
 i can make a f ** king sandwich . '' 
 he pulled up his shirt and scratched his stomach and then grinned at me and his eyes traveled up and down the robe , and i pulled it tighter around my neck . 
 `` little afternoon delight ? '' 
 `` ryder ! '' 
 lucah said , and i thought he was going to smack him with the spatula . 
 `` chill the f ** k out , '' he said , going to sit on the couch and turning on the television . 
 `` god , give me strength , '' lucah said , looking at the ceiling . 
 ryder snorted . 
 `` it 's part of the serenity prayer , '' lucah said to me . 
 `` yeah , i know . '' 
 he flipped my grilled cheese over and i decided that i was going to get dressed . 
 the tension between ryder and lucah was filling the room , and it made me uncomfortable . 
 i dashed back to the bedroom and picked up my clothes from where i 'd thrown them on the floor , making sure i locked the door when i changed . 
 i rushed through my soup and grilled cheese and gave lucah a quick kiss goodbye before heading back to work . 
 ryder just kept watching the television . 
 i was beginning to sense that he did n't like me . 
 or he had some sort of problem with me . 
 i knew if i asked lucah about it , he would either say i was being paranoid , or , more likely , he would talk to ryder about it , and that i could n't have . 
 i could n't cause a rift -lrb- or any more of one -rrb- between the brothers . 
 i was going to go along until this temporary situation was over and then lucah and i could resume our lives , and hopefully , be a lot happier because ryder would be on his feet . 
 i spent the rest of the day fantasizing about that and praying i did n't forget that i could n't walk around the apartment naked anymore , and i would have to knock before using the bathroom . 
 maybe i could make a `` please knock '' sign to put on the door . 
 ryder probably would n't go for it . 
 when i got home from work , sloane was sitting on one end of the couch , ryder on the other and lucah in the extra chair we 'd recently gotten . 
 they were all playing cards against humanity . 
 given the circumstances , it was a really sweet scene . 
 `` here , i 'll deal you in , '' lucah said , after i gave him a hello kiss . 
 ryder nodded at me and sloane gave me a hug . 
 i curled in lucah 's lap and looked at my cards . 
 `` we ordered from the greek place and i made sure we got extra spanakopita , '' sloane said , studying her cards . 
 `` you know the way to my heart , '' i said . 
 `` yes , ma'am , i do . '' 
 she flicked a quick glance at ryder , but he pretended to ignore it . 
 only a second later , he flicked a glance back at her . 
 lucah pinched my side to let me know that he knew very well what was going on . 
 we played until the food came . 
 sloane won , mostly because ryder picked her card as the winner every round he judged . 
 it was like he knew it was hers so he picked it . 
 instead of eating at the dining table , we parked ourselves in the living room and ate out of the styrofoam containers . 
 no one seemed to know what to say , or how to start a conversation , so no one did . 
 the only sound during dinner was the four of us chewing . 
 it was very odd and not usual for me when i ate with either lucah or sloane . 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 ryder said and everyone looked at him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 lucah was instantly alarmed . 
 `` nothing , i just could n't deal with the silence , so i decided that was the best way to break it . '' 
 sloane snorted , covering her mouth because it was full . 
 `` that probably was n't the best way to do it , '' lucah said . 
 `` it worked . 
 now we 're talking . '' 
 `` he has a point , '' i said , and ryder glared at me . 
 or maybe i just imagined he did . 
 `` so , can we talk about something ? 
 anything ? 
 the silence sets me on edge , '' ryder said , putting down his container and wiping his mouth with a napkin . 
 `` got any ideas of where you 'd like to work ? '' 
 lucah said without missing a beat . 
 i did n't think that was exactly what ryder had in mind and i knew he was going to explode before it happened . 
 he threw his napkin down and did some more glaring . 
 if he did it too much , his face was going to freeze that way . 
 `` we do n't have to talk about that , '' i said , trying to salvage the evening . 
 `` great , because i do n't want to . 
 thanks , rory . '' 
 it was the first time he 'd said my name . 
 `` you 're , uh , welcome . '' 
 lucah shook his head and started eating again . 
 i sent sloane a panicked look and she sent me one back . 
 neither of us knew what a safe topic would be . 
 so neither of us said anything and we continued to eat in silence . 
 after the totally awkward eating experience , we cleaned up the empty containers and cleared up the living room . 
 `` i 'm going to bed , '' ryder said , heading for his room . 
 `` goodnight , '' lucah and i said and we were answered by the slamming of his door . 
 lucah groaned and fell back on the couch , scrubbing his face with both hands . 
 i sat down next to him and moved my fingers in his hair . 
 i could tell he had n't showered today , but i did n't care . 
 he could be totally grungy and i 'd still want to jump his bones . 
 `` are you coming back to work tomorrow ? '' 
 i was so hoping he 'd say yes . 
 `` i think so . 
 ryder has his therapy session , so i 'm going to take him to that to make sure he goes and i 'll go from there to the office . 
 i do n't want to miss much more work . 
 hopefully he wo n't do anything crazy while we 're gone . 
 i wish there were some sort of adult daycare we could stick him in . '' 
 we both laughed at that . 
 `` i do n't think he likes me , '' i said , breaking my rule about not telling lucah about it . 
 `` he does n't like anyone , and i 'm pretty sure that if he hates anyone , it 's me . 
 i think he hates himself a little bit , too . 
 lashing out and all that . 
 i did that when i was younger . 
 i think anyone who 's been through trauma does it to a certain extent . 
 some of us just take it farther than others . '' 
 `` i want him to like me , but i do n't know what to do or say to make that happen . '' 
 `` you ca n't make someone like you , sunshine . 
 just keep doing what you 're doing and he 'll come around . 
 he 's just going to be an ass ** le for a little while . 
 trust me . '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 always . 
 `` ready to go to bed ? '' 
 i nodded and he picked me up again . 
 `` my legs work , you know . '' 
 `` and what lovely legs they are . '' 
 he lay me down , but i had to get up again to undress for bed . 
 lucah let me do that , which was nice of him . 
 `` it 's weird knowing there 's a third person living here now , '' i said , climbing in next to him . 
 `` it 's only temporary , '' lucah reiterated . 
 `` i know . 
 still weird . 
 but i 'll get used to it . '' 
 i curled myself into his chest and tried to make pictures out of his freckles , one of my favorite things to do at night . 
 you could n't see the stars in boston because of all the light pollution , so this was the next best thing . 
 `` and by the time you do , he 'll be gone . '' 
 he gave me a kiss that ended the topic of discussion , but that did n't stop me from thinking about it . 
 18 there was a rush the next morning to get everyone up and ready and breakfast made and so forth . 
 clearly , getting three people going , two of whom were not morning people , was more difficult than just two . 
 luckily lucah was up to the challenge . 
 i was rushing out of the shower and heading to get dressed when i crashed into ryder coming out of the bathroom . 
 my towel slipped and i held onto it for dear life . 
 he did n't say anything , but moved aside so i could get by . 
 `` sorry , '' i said , though i was n't sure what i was sorry for . 
 `` do n't be , i was enjoying the view . '' 
 `` ryder ! '' 
 lucah snapped from the kitchen . 
 `` no ogling rory unless you want me to kick your ass . 
 i still know how to do a full nelson . '' 
 ryder just cracked his knuckles and i tried to make sure my towel was covering all of my ladybits . 
 `` on that note , i 'm going to go put some clothes on . '' 
 i scampered away and lucah and ryder continued to argue about the ogling policy . 
 i got dressed as fast as i could and dried my hair while ryder was in the shower . 
 `` maybe i should just give him a show so he could get it out of his system . 
 it 's bound to happen sooner or later , '' i said to lucah while i was putting on my mascara and he tied his tie . 
 `` let 's put that off as long as possible , shall we ? '' 
 `` i 'll do my best . '' 
 lucah and i parted as we both hailed cabs . 
 ryder glared as we kissed and reluctantly got in the cab with lucah . 
 i said goodbye to them both , but only lucah responded . 
 ryder 's shell was n't cracking anytime soon . 
 lucah texted me later saying that he was in the office , and i breathed a sigh of relief . 
 even though he no longer sat across from me , just knowing he was in the building made me feel better . 
 and then a million things were dropped on my desk at once and i did n't have time to think about lucah or ryder or family drama for the next few hours . 
 one of our programs crashed , causing an office-wide panic as we struggled to fix it and also assure our clients that we were working on it . 
 lilia brought me lunch and i ate at my desk while i was on the phone and typing email after email . 
 i kept getting responses from tech support that everything was fixed , but then it would crash again . 
 this was one of those times when smiling and remaining calm came in handy . 
 no matter how much i wanted to scream and punch the person on the other end of the phone . 
 it was n't until midafternoon that the issue got completely resolved , and by then all of the things i 'd put aside to work on it were screaming at me . 
 my stress level rose , partially due to the stress at home , and i knew i was headed for a breakdown , so i got up from my desk and went to get a cup of calming tea . 
 i bumped into dad in the break room , which was unusual because mrs. andrews usually took care of his coffee and snack needs . 
 he seemed deep in thought and did n't even look up when i walked in . 
 `` hi , dad , '' i said , touching him on the shoulder . 
 `` oh , rory , hello . 
 how are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm okay , how are you ? '' 
 his skin was looking grayish again . 
 `` oh , fine , fine . 
 just taking a short break . 
 how about that glitch earlier ? '' 
 i humored him and talked about that for a little while , but it seemed like we were going to need to have another chat about taking it easy . 
 i 'd have to ask lucah if there were any developments in the board takeover yet . 
 `` will lucah be joining us this sunday ? '' 
 `` yes , he will . 
 ryder 's with us now , and he 's stable , so things will be getting back to normal . '' 
 or at least our new normal . 
 `` excellent . 
 so it 's going well with him ? '' 
 i gave him a quick rundown , editing out the part about ryder almost seeing me naked this morning , and the fact that he did n't seem to like me very much . 
 `` well , i should get back to work , '' he said with a halfhearted smile . 
 i patted him on the shoulder and he left . 
 it was going to take more than tea to soothe me at this point . 
 `` so how did it go ? '' 
 i said to lucah when we could finally talk like our regular selves outside the office building . 
 `` i called to make sure he arrived at the appointment , and he did , but that 's all i can do . 
 i 'm just hoping the apartment is n't a disaster when we get back . '' 
 he raised the hand that was n't held by mine and crossed his fingers . 
 i crossed my eyes at him and that made him laugh . 
 `` oh , and sloane texted and said she was coming home early so she could cook us dinner . 
 i did n't ask if she would be cooking in her apartment or ours . '' 
 i just gave him a look . 
 we were definitely going to knock before we opened the front door . 
 ryder and sloane was something i did not want to see . 
 lucah and i talked about other things on the way home , and during the elevator ride up to our apartment . 
 he listened at our door before getting out his key and jingling it in the lock quite loudly and opening the door slowly . 
 nothing . 
 the apartment was dark and no one was there . 
 `` maybe he took a nap , '' i said , going to check his bedroom . 
 it was empty , the bed still unmade from that morning . 
 we checked the rest of the apartment , which did n't take long , but ryder was nowhere to be found . 
 `` when i find him , i 'm going to kill him , '' lucah said , getting his phone out to call ryder . 
 the sound of a rock song i did n't know blasted from the coffee table , where he 'd left his phone . 
 lucah swore again . 
 `` calm down . 
 let me go down the hall and see if sloane 's seen him . '' 
 i dashed down the hall and knocked on sloane 's door . 
 `` it 's open ! '' 
 she yelled . 
 i was just about to ask her if she 'd seen ryder , but i did n't have to . 
 he was standing in her kitchen , laughing at something she 'd said . 
 `` oh , hey , ryder . 
 we were wondering where you were . 
 lucah 's been freaking out because you left your phone at our place . '' 
 he pretty much ignored me . 
 `` hey , '' sloane said , elbowing him . 
 `` do n't be an ass ** le . '' 
 `` i 'm not being an ass ** le . 
 i am just silently objecting to the fact that i 'm being treated like a lost child . 
 pretty soon here my brother is going to chain me to the radiator . 
 that would n't be the first time , but all the other times were for more pleasurable reasons . '' 
 he wiggled his eyebrows and sloane giggled . 
 there it was again . 
 that giggle . 
 `` well , anyway . 
 maybe you could leave a note next time ? 
 he was worried . '' 
 i was still standing in the doorway , nervous about entering . 
 `` sure , i 'll get right on that , '' he said with a smirk . 
 that smirk was the last straw . 
 `` look , i get that you do n't like me , and that 's fine . 
 go ahead . 
 hate me . 
 but what you fail to realize is that you are living in my house . 
 i did n't have to let you in , but i did . 
 because you 're my boyfriend 's brother and you needed a place to go . 
 in case you have n't noticed , no one else was standing in line to help you . 
 so i would appreciate it if you could treat me like a human being . 
 and if you ever ogle me like you did this morning again , i will come into your room when you are sleeping and you will wake up minus one penis and a set of balls . 
 got it ? '' 
 i did n't mean to pull out the voice i used to reprimand employees when they screwed up , but once i started , i could n't stop . 
 i 'd also moved until i was looking directly up at ryder . 
 `` i would n't mess with her . 
 she means business , '' sloane said , standing beside me and pointing at ryder with her spatula . 
 `` i ... '' he seemed to be at a loss for words . 
 thank god . 
 miracles were possible . 
 `` so . 
 that 's all i have to say . 
 i 'm going to leave now . '' 
 i turned on my heel and stomped out the door , but an arm caught me before i could step into the hallway . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' ryder said , shrugging . 
 i waited for something more , but then his jaw clenched and he let go . 
 that was all i was going to get . 
 but it was a start . 
 `` thank you for your apology . 
 it has been accepted . 
 now i suggest you come back down the hall with me so your brother , who cares about you , does n't have a heart attack before he turns thirty . '' 
 i did n't look back to see if he was still behind me , but i heard him say something to sloane and then he did follow . 
 `` found him , '' i said to lucah and pointing over my shoulder . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' ryder said before lucah could even get up the breath to start yelling at him . 
 `` i went down the hall to help sloane with dinner . 
 i thought it would be nice . 
 i should have left a note . 
 i wo n't do it again . '' 
 wow . 
 why did n't i get that with my apology ? 
 lucah 's face was red from his suppressed anger , but i saw him reel it in and nod . 
 `` okay . 
 just do n't do it again . '' 
 ryder nodded and that was that . 
 no one said anything more about it . 
 ryder ended up going back down the hall to help sloane carry everything over to our place . 
 she 'd really gone all out with sausage and rice stuffing in baked acorn squashes , a chopped salad topped with goat cheese and cranberries , and a white chocolate and raspberry mousse for dessert . 
 ryder was the only one who had n't yet sampled what sloane could cook and it was kind of funny to watch his face as he ate . 
 `` fuck , this is good , '' he said with his mouth full . 
 `` thanks , '' sloane said , ducking her head . 
 she normally took praise well , but ryder was different . 
 `` this is really great , sloane . 
 another masterpiece , '' i said and she grinned at me . 
 she was glowing , and it was n't the tall candles she 'd lit for ambience that caused it . 
 there was more silence as we ate , and i wished i knew something to say to make it stop . 
 `` my therapist farted during our session , '' ryder said out of the blue . 
 it almost made me knock over one of the candles as i reached for seconds of salad . 
 lucah and sloane both snorted , and then lucah glared . 
 `` what ? 
 it 's true . 
 he tried to pretend it was the chair or something , but he definitely did . '' 
 i could n't hold my laughter in anymore , and once i started laughing , everyone else did . 
 even ryder . 
 `` how was the session , other than that ? '' 
 lucah asked . 
 ryder shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it seems weird to pay someone to listen to you bitch about your problems . 
 i do n't know if it 's working yet . '' 
 `` well , it takes time , '' sloane said . 
 `` and sometimes you need to find the right one . 
 i went through three before i found one i liked . '' 
 sloane mentioning she was in therapy caused ryder to turn completely in her direction . 
 `` what were you in for ? '' 
 `` ah , the list is long , '' she said with a smile . 
 i knew what was on that list , but it was her story to tell . 
 `` but i had this one guy who had a lazy eye , so i was never sure if he was looking directly at me . 
 i felt horrible , but it was really hard to focus during the sessions . '' 
 i remembered her telling me about him , and that got all of us laughing again , and we started telling random stories . 
 `` if he farts in the next session , i 'm going to have to get someone else . 
 i just ca n't deal with that , '' ryder said . 
 for the first time since i 'd seen him in the hospital , his face was open and he smiled easily . 
 especially at sloane . 
 we finished dinner and ryder offered to help sloane with the dishes , which she accepted . 
 i gave her a warning look as she left with him , but she just gave me one back . 
 `` that was so much better , '' lucah said after they 'd left . 
 `` i have n't seen that side of him in a really long time . 
 he was a riot when we were kids . 
 our family clown . 
 whenever things were at their worst , he 'd make a joke , or do something absolutely stupid to make us forget that we did n't have any money , or dad had lost another job . '' 
 he shook his head at the memories . 
 `` i 'd thought maybe that part of him was gone , but it was nice to see it again . '' 
 `` it was . 
 i was beginning to think he was a complete ass ** le . '' 
 `` he 's still an ass ** le . 
 he 's just nice every once in awhile . '' 
 `` i do n't know anyone like that , '' i said , pulling at his tie . 
 `` it 's probably genetic , '' he agreed . 
 using his tie , i dragged him toward the bedroom . 
 we could get in a quickie while they were doing the dishes . 
 we only needed a few minutes now . 
 `` why , miss clarke , you vixen , '' he said , slamming the bedroom door . 
 i pulled him toward the bed , but he stopped me . 
 `` wait just a second . '' 
 he put on some music and turned it up . 
 `` just in case . '' 
 luckily , it was sexy-type music . 
 `` a kiss to build a dream on '' by louis armstrong . 
 definitely sexy . 
 `` we could always hang a sock on the doorknob . 
 that 's what sloane and i did in college . '' 
 he just shut my mouth with a kiss , and the next thing i knew he was going down on me and i was coming and then he was inside me and then ... the front door shut . 
 loudly . 
 `` fuuuuuucccccckkkkkkk , '' lucah said , glancing over his shoulder at the door . 
 `` i swear to god . '' 
 `` do n't stop , '' i said , because we were kind of at the point of no return , so he focused back on me and then he came a moment later . 
 `` what do we do now ? '' 
 i said , over the music , which switched to playing `` wild horses '' by the sundays . 
 `` wait for them to leave ? '' 
 we froze as we were , both staring at the door . 
 you 'd think , this being the millionth time we 'd almost been caught having sex , that we would have a contingency plan by now . 
 but no . 
 we did n't . 
 the door slammed again and we both sighed . 
 lucah laughed against my shoulder and pulled out . 
 he put on a pair of boxers and motioned for me to stay in bed . 
 he went to the door , opened it and peered out to make sure we were alone . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 no one answered , so he gave me the thumbs up . 
 after a quick clean up , i got dressed in a t-shirt and a pair of lucah 's boxers and joined him in the living room . 
 he held up a sticky note without saying anything . 
 you should really leave a note when you 're going to have sex . 
 it 's a common courtesy . 
 - ryder `` well . 
 he remembered to leave a note , '' i said , handing it back to lucah . 
 he crumpled it up and went to throw it away . 
 `` it 's progress , '' i said , and he just shook his head . 
 19 over the next few days we made more progress . 
 baby steps . 
 lucah went back to work , and ryder voluntarily went to his therapy sessions with the farting therapist . 
 sloane cooked us dinner every night and ryder helped her do the dishes . 
 it was our new normal . 
 `` so , we 're going to be at my parents ' . 
 would , you , um , like to come ? '' 
 it seemed rude not to ask ryder if he wanted to come with lucah and me . 
 i mentally crossed my fingers that he 'd say no . 
 `` rory , you 're not obligated to invite me over to your family dinner . 
 you 're not my family , and i 'm sure you would n't want me at your parents ' probably gigantic and fancy house . '' 
 okay , so my house was gigantic and fancy , but that was n't my fault . 
 i 'd always worried about the fact that he 'd grown up poor and i had n't , coming between lucah and me , but i did n't consider that it would cause a rift with ryder . 
 there went all that ground we 'd gained . 
 `` well . 
 i thought i would ask . 
 excuse me for being nice . '' 
 i 'd found the best way to deal with him was to give it right back . 
 that seemed to be the only thing he would respond to . 
 `` you 're excused , '' he said with a smirk . 
 i wanted to slap it right off his face , but i just gave him my sweet smile back . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 lucah said on his way from the bathroom to the bedroom to get dressed . 
 `` nothing , '' ryder and i both said . 
 `` besides , i already have plans today , '' ryder said , and he seemed very pleased with himself . 
 `` and are you going to elaborate on those plans , or keep me in suspense ? '' 
 i said , making sure i had my phone in my purse . 
 `` i think i 'll keep you in suspense . 
 the payoff is better in the end , do n't you think ? '' 
 somehow i did n't think we were talking about his plans . 
 he seemed to have also been given that knack of turning nearly everything into an innuendo . 
 wonder where he got that from ? 
 i did n't answer ryder , but i did n't have to , because someone opened the front door . 
 `` hey , hey , hey . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 sloane was dressed in a tight tank top and jogging shorts . 
 i nearly fell over . 
 `` what 's up with the outfit ? '' 
 i said , gesturing to it . 
 i 'd never seen her wear such a thing . 
 i did n't know she even owned anything like that . 
 `` we 're going running in the park . 
 you know how much i love running in the park . '' 
 her glare told me that i should agree with her . 
 `` oh , right . 
 yeah . 
 running in the park . '' 
 i did n't sound convincing . 
 `` that sounds like fun . '' 
 it sounded like hell . 
 who on earth actually would choose to run ? 
 running was reserved for shoe sales and escaping from bears , in my opinion . 
 `` i used to work out all the time , but i have n't in a while and sloane said she would show me the good running paths around here , '' ryder said . 
 he had n't worked out in a while ? 
 yeah , that was a lie . 
 those muscles did n't just ... happen . 
 you had to work at arms like that . 
 a lot . 
 `` well , she would know all the good running paths , '' i said , trying to make up for my earlier dropping of the ball . 
 `` what about running ? '' 
 lucah said , coming out and slipping his shoes on . 
 `` sloane and ryder are going running , '' i said , hinting with my tone that he should be supportive . 
 `` oh , that sounds ... nice . 
 very nice . 
 well , do n't overdo it . 
 we 'll be back later tonight . 
 ready ? '' 
 he reserved the last word for me and i nodded and took his offered arm . 
 `` you kids have fun , '' sloane said , putting her leg up on the counter and stretching like she did it all the time . 
 `` same to you , '' i said and we closed the door . 
 `` what the hell was that ? '' 
 lucah said as we walked toward the elevator . 
 `` i have no idea , '' i said , shaking my head . 
 `` oh , your brother decided not to join us ? '' 
 mom said the second we walked in the door and she 'd taken our coats . 
 `` he , um , already had plans , or else he would have . 
 maybe next week , '' lucah said , after a moment of surprise had passed . 
 good recovery . 
 `` well , we 'd love to meet him , if he 's anything like you . '' 
 i shared a secret look with lucah . 
 `` he has red hair , '' i said to mom . 
 the joke went right over her head as we walked into the dining room and found dad staring at his phone . 
 mom had to clear her throat before he noticed we were there . 
 he looked up and it took a second for him to realize who we were . 
 `` rory , lucah . 
 how are you ? '' 
 i gave him a hug before i sat down and lucah shook his hand as dad slipped his phone back into his pocket . 
 mom had a no phone rule at the table . 
 no matter what . 
 `` we 're good . 
 how are you ? '' 
 he gave me a vague answer as mom started chattering about ryder moving in and how were we adjusting and so forth as we ate our salads . 
 lucah and i gave them the sanitized version that sounded good . 
 or at least it sounded good to me . 
 `` well , i think you should bring him next week , '' mom said in a way i knew meant if we did n't produce ryder , she would be very disappointed . 
 fucking fantastic . 
 i could just imagine ryder talking about his farting therapist in front of my parents . 
 dad would probably laugh and mom would probably faint and fall right out of her chair . 
 maybe we could give him etiquette lessons . 
 i was sure that would go over well with ryder . 
 we 'd probably have to tie him to a chair , and he might enjoy that a little too much . 
 i might ask sloane if she could talk to him . 
 she at least seemed able to get through to him . 
 the rest of the meal was pleasant small talk and work talk and mom talking about her charity work and trying to rope lucah into helping her . 
 he did n't need much roping . 
 `` so we 'll meet that brother of yours next week , '' mom said , leaving no room for argument as she helped him into his jacket . 
 `` i 'll do my best , mrs. clarke , '' he said , giving her a kiss on the cheek . 
 she giggled and blushed like a schoolgirl . 
 he could get away with anything as far as she was concerned . 
 i hugged her and we departed . 
 `` so , next week when your parents throw ryder and me out of your house , you 'll still love me , right ? '' 
 `` yes , i 'll still love you , lucah . '' 
 `` well thank god for that . '' 
 he pulled out of the driveway and honked to let my parents know we were on our way . 
 `` your dad is n't looking good again . '' 
 i did n't really have a chance to bring it up with dad . 
 okay , so i did n't want to bring it up with him . 
 again . 
 `` i know . 
 any news on the usurpers ? '' 
 that was what i called the board now . 
 `` it 's been quiet , actually . 
 maybe they 've given up ? 
 i 'm too cynical to really think that , so my guess is that they 're doing everything in person , or other ways that ca n't be traced . 
 which probably means they know i could be watching them . 
 so . 
 we 'll see . '' 
 that did n't sound good . 
 at all . 
 i wanted to believe that they 'd given up . 
 it made me want to throw things and stomp my feet and act like a three-year-old . 
 but that probably would n't do any good . 
 `` i guess this is one of those things that you just have to sit back and watch . 
 i hate those things . '' 
 `` i hate those things too . 
 but that seems to be what we 've been doing lately . 
 waiting and seeing . '' 
 so true . 
 and home we went . 
 to wait and see . 
 ryder was alone and watching tv when we got back to the apartment , which shocked me . 
 `` how was the running ? '' 
 i asked , shocked that sloane was n't with him . 
 `` sloane , ah , pulled a muscle and i had to carry her back . '' 
 do n't laugh . 
 do n't laugh . 
 i refused to look at lucah , because i knew i would start . 
 `` is she okay ? '' 
 `` oh , i think so . 
 i gave her some aspirin and set her up with a hot water bottle . '' 
 he got up and turned off the television , and brought the cup he 'd been drinking out of over to the sink . 
 one thing in his favor , he did clean up after himself and never complained about helping out . 
 `` i think i 'm going to go check on her , '' i said , backing up . 
 i also wanted to get her side of the running story . 
 moaning greeted me when i knocked on sloane 's door , but it was unlocked . 
 `` it 's rory , '' i said , announcing myself . 
 `` oh my god , what is wrong with me ? '' 
 she poked her head over the couch , her face twisted with pain . 
 `` i would very much like to hear the answer to that question , '' i said , going to assess the damage . 
 she was splayed out on the couch with a blanket and the hot water bottle on her upper leg . 
 `` can i blame it on a cute boy ? '' 
 i gingerly pulled her injured and uninjured legs into my lap and sat down . 
 `` why not ? 
 that 's the only reason you would ever go running . 
 what were you thinking ? '' 
 i wanted to smack her , but she was already injured . 
 you did n't smack an injured friend . 
 `` i do n't know , he mentioned it once , and my mouth started talking and before i knew it , we were jogging and i was in massive amounts of pain . '' 
 `` well , that 's because you 've never jogged in your life . 
 i mean , not purely for exercise . 
 what were you thinking ? '' 
 she shifted a bit and moaned again . 
 `` i was n't . 
 i was thinking with another part of my body , and not my brain . 
 i will never make that mistake again . '' 
 yes , she would , and when she did i 'd be there to commiserate with her . 
 because she 'd done the exact same thing for me , and would again . 
 `` do you need to see a doctor ? '' 
 she cringed . 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 it 's just a pulled muscle . 
 i 'll just walk it off . '' 
 she motioned for me to help her get up , so i did , helping her stand . 
 `` do you think you should be walking on it ? '' 
 after a few tentative steps , i helped her hobble around the living room . 
 `` it 's going to be fine . 
 it 's just part of my punishment . '' 
 we made our way back to the couch and she lay down with the water bottle again . 
 `` what punishment ? '' 
 `` me wanting something that i ca n't have . '' 
 i knew what she was talking about , but i asked the question anyway . 
 `` wanting what ? '' 
 she looked at me as if i was being dense . 
 `` ryder . 
 wanting ryder . '' 
 i knew she did . 
 it was all over her face and in her voice and her laugh and every movement when she was around him . 
 she might as well be wearing a sign on her forehead . 
 `` and what makes you think you 're being punished for wanting him ? '' 
 `` because there 's no way it could work . 
 we 're such ... . 
 different people . 
 we have literally nothing in common . '' 
 `` so what do you talk about ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` stupid things . 
 and it 's not just that . 
 he definitely is n't ready for a relationship . 
 i do n't think he 'd even know how to have one . 
 and he 's only twenty-two . '' 
 `` sweetie , you 're only twenty-five . '' 
 not that i wanted to join team ryder , but those things all sounded like excuses . 
 i 'd been completely against the relationship at first , because i thought it would be a fling that would end up hurting sloane in the end . 
 but now ... my views on ryder were changing . 
 `` well , just wait and see . 
 you never know what could happen . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 wait and see . 
 that sounds much less dangerous than going jogging again . '' 
 `` definitely . '' 
 `` how 's she doing ? '' 
 lucah said when i came back after getting sloane ready for bed and handing her some ibuprofen with a sleep aid . 
 hopefully she 'd be a lot better in the morning . 
 `` i think her pride is wounded more than anything else . '' 
 i looked around for ryder and then heard the toilet flush . 
 `` she really likes him , does n't she ? '' 
 lucah said , as if the thought had just occurred to him . 
 `` yeah , she really does , '' i said quietly as ryder emerged from the bathroom . 
 `` is she going to live ? '' 
 he asked , throwing out the words as if he did n't really care either way . 
 i knew he was full of shit . 
 `` i think so . '' 
 that was all he was getting . 
 i was n't going to intervene or try to turn this either way . 
 i was waiting and seeing . 
 staying neutral . 
 stepping back . 
 lucah and i had meddled too much already and look at where it got us . 
 `` but we 'll just have to wait and see , '' i said , taking lucah 's hand and leading him toward the bedroom . 
 `` goodnight . '' 
 waiting and seeing was awful . 
 especially since i was a known control freak . 
 i poured my heart out to lilia during another lunch on monday . 
 i was starting to rely on her as my own personal therapist , but she claimed she did n't mind . 
 `` it 's my job . 
 i 'm your assistant , and i need to meet your needs , whatever those are . 
 right now they happen to be acting as your de facto therapist . 
 i 'm okay with that . 
 especially if there is cake or pie involved . '' 
 she did get a free meal out of it , so that was her fee for services rendered . 
 `` i get what you 're saying about having a hard time staying out of it . 
 it 's like , if you could only get in there and put everything in place , where you wanted it , then everything would be perfect . 
 but life is n't like that . '' 
 `` i know . 
 that 's what makes it so hard . '' 
 lilia laughed and finished the last bite of cake . 
 `` have n't you heard the expression , ` life is what happens when you 're making other plans ' ? '' 
 of course i had . 
 that did n't mean i had to like it , or follow it . 
 `` have you talked to lucah about it ? '' 
 `` sort of . 
 i try to avoid talking about ryder with him . 
 it 's kind of a touchy subject , and then there 's the fact that ryder is always around and we sort of agreed to stop talking about him behind his back . '' 
 she gave me a face of sympathy as the waiter brought the check and i pulled out my company card to pay . 
 `` so tell me about your problems . 
 boys ? 
 girls ? 
 friends ? '' 
 i was always trying to repay the favor , but she always closed right up . 
 `` things are fine . '' 
 her eyes immediately went to staring at the empty dessert plate . 
 `` that was almost convincing , '' i said , sipping the last of my water . 
 `` good , that means i 'm improving . 
 it 's nothing . 
 i just had a breakup not that long ago and it kind of wrecked me for a little while . 
 i 'm mostly over it , but every now and then things remind me , and i 'm thrown back into misery again . '' 
 she gave me a sad smile . 
 `` how long had you been together ? '' 
 `` since high school . 
 we were sweethearts and then we grew apart , and then we were these different people , still trying to have the old relationship , but we could n't remember why we were even trying anymore . 
 it was ... it was hard . 
 really hard . '' 
 `` i 'm so sorry . '' 
 i proceeded to tell her about royce -lrb- otherwise known as king douchebag -rrb- and all of his escapades , some of which i could finally laugh about , and that seemed to bring lilia out of her sad moment . 
 `` why were you even with him in the first place ? '' 
 she asked as we walked back to the office . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i have no idea anymore . 
 our parents were friends and he had money . 
 he was one of those people who had everything on paper , but did n't deliver when it came to real life . 
 he was also an ass ** le . 
 that was the biggest problem . 
 i ignored a lot of things because i was trying to give him a chance , but he definitely used up all his chances and then some . '' 
 i was glad to be rid of him , because now i had lucah , and i understood what having the right man in your life was like . 
 `` well , if you ever want me to set you up ... '' i said , and waited for the reaction from lilia . 
 `` oh , no . 
 that 's okay . 
 i 'm good . '' 
 her panicked expression made me burst out laughing . 
 `` i 'm only kidding . 
 i know how much i hate being set up , so i never do it to someone else . 
 it 's cruel and unusual punishment . '' 
 i had sort of set up fin and marisol . 
 or i had let sloane set them up and that had worked out . 
 so far . 
 `` agreed . '' 
 i was still laughing about my ex as i sat down at my desk , but i cut off abruptly when there was a knock at the door . 
 `` oh , hi violet . '' 
 i had n't seen her much lately , and i 'd almost forgotten she was working here . 
 it had been nice , actually , but now here she was . 
 i had to get over my jealousy issues . 
 i really did . 
 a few more sessions with lilia should nip it in the bud . 
 `` hi , rory . 
 how are you ? '' 
 we exchanged the normal office small talk , but there was obviously something she wanted to speak to me about . 
 again . 
 i was getting really tired of her using me as a lucah information source , but maybe that was n't what she wanted to talk about . 
 i hoped not . 
 anything would be better than that . 
 `` do you need to talk ? '' 
 i said in a lowered voice . 
 `` oh , no . 
 i just wanted to see how things were going . 
 we should another lunch again soon . '' 
 i tried to see what her ulterior motive could be and came up with nothing . 
 unless she wanted to take me out to lunch to pump me for information . 
 you know , keep it out of the workplace . 
 `` yes , we definitely should . 
 next week ? 
 i 'll check my calendar and get back to you . '' 
 `` great . '' 
 she smiled and then marched right back to her office . 
 wait and see . 
 i was going to wait and see ... fuck that . 
 she was up to something . 
 i could smell it . 
 now i just needed to figure out what it was . 
 `` she 's obviously trying to get him back , '' sloane said that night when i went to check on her . 
 she was tucked on the couch with some more painkillers , a glass of water and a whole stack of fashion magazines , courtesy of ryder . 
 `` really ? 
 i do n't think it 's that , '' i said as i swiped one of the cookies off a plate that ryder had also left . 
 `` then what could it be ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 since we did n't know , we devolved into wild speculation . 
 `` i am fairly certain she is not trying to steal my identity , '' i said after sloane had thrown out this wild plot that was like something out of a spy novel . 
 `` well , i do n't trust her and i have n't even met her . 
 i never trust ex-girlfriends . 
 you never know what they 're up to . '' 
 `` or she could just be trying to send out an olive branch and be my friend , '' i said , which seemed like the wildest theory of all . 
 `` no , she 's definitely up to something , '' sloane said , throwing her magazine on the floor with a smack . 
 `` if being in fashion and working with a bunch of women has taught me anything , it 's that you ca n't trust anyone . '' 
 that was true , but she was in a cutthroat business . 
 then again , so was mine . 
 `` i wish i could talk to lucah about it , but i think that would be a bad idea . 
 we already dealt with the jealousy thing , so i do n't want to go back on that . '' 
 although his way of dealing with my jealousy ... i could definitely do that again . 
 `` yeah , that 's a slippery slope . 
 it 's too bad she was his ex , or else you could just ask him to spy on her . 
 do his magic . '' 
 she wiggled her fingers as if she was casting a spell . 
 `` it 's not magic . 
 it 's just a lot of computer stuff and other things that he knows how to do that i do n't . '' 
 `` well , you know what i would do , in this situation . '' 
 no , actually , i did n't , but it was bound to be something crazy . 
 `` i 'd hire my own personal investigator . '' 
 yes , it was crazy . 
 `` no . 
 no way . 
 that 's insane . '' 
 `` why ? 
 if she 's really plotting something , then you could take care of it before it ever happened . 
 who knows ? 
 she could be plotting to kill you . '' 
 i definitely did n't think she was out to kill me , but all this talking with sloane was making me more paranoid . 
 this had been a bad idea . 
 `` okay , we 're not going to talk about this any more , and we never talked about it in the first place . 
 there . 
 done . 
 the end . '' 
 i picked up one of the magazines and pretended to read it . 
 `` fine . 
 whatever you say . '' 
 sloane joined me and picked up the magazine she 'd dropped earlier . 
 `` but i warned you . '' 
 `` shut up , sloane . '' 
 20 i did n't tell lucah about violet wanting to have lunch again . 
 part of me felt dishonest , like i should have told him , but then part of me thought that informing him of it would make it into a bigger deal than it was . 
 after all , she was just a coworker . 
 having lunch with a coworker did n't warrant me making a huge deal . 
 except she was his ex . 
 i went around and around and around . 
 `` what are you pacing for ? '' 
 lucah said the next day when he was cooking breakfast . 
 i was n't even aware that i was doing it , and was completely humiliated when he called me out on it . 
 `` nothing . 
 just ... nothing . '' 
 ryder came out of the shower in just a towel and gave both of us a little wave before heading to his room . 
 this was my first look at his bare chest , and i definitely did n't believe him about the not working out . 
 he was cut . 
 so much so that the veins in his arms roped across , and it looked like he was flexing , even when he was n't . 
 black and bold , his tattoos slashed across his skin , which was a little bit darker than lucah 's , but he still had the trademark freckles that all the blythe men had . 
 i wondered if sloane had seen him shirtless . 
 she probably had , and that was what had led her to go running with him and injure herself . 
 `` rory ? 
 is something wrong ? 
 is ryder bothering you again ? '' 
 lucah whispered his name . 
 i hated talking about him when he was in the apartment , even if he was in his room with the door shut . 
 `` no , it 's not that . '' 
 i could n't tell him it was something at work , because then he 'd ask , and then i would have to tell him . 
 one of the downsides about working with your significant other . 
 you could never lie about work . 
 `` then what is it ? 
 come on , talk to me . '' 
 he left the stove and came to put his arms around my waist . 
 a tiny voice in my head suggested that i pull him into the bedroom and have my way with him as a way to stop this particular line of questioning , but i ignored the voice . 
 sex would n't solve this . 
 `` i ca n't tell you . '' 
 that was the truth . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` because it 's about violet and i do n't want you to think i am being paranoid or jealous . '' 
 love made you tell the truth , even when you did n't want to . 
 `` what about violet ? '' 
 he said as ryder emerged from his room . 
 lucah had given him money for clothes , but he seemed to think the more ripped the attire , the better . 
 `` violet ? 
 are we talking about that girl you dated in high school ? '' 
 ryder said , using his towel to scrub his head and dry his hair . 
 great . 
 now i had to discuss this with both of them . 
 `` it 's none of your business , ryder . '' 
 lucah said , shooting a look his way . 
 `` what did i do ? 
 i just asked a question . 
 you do n't have to jump up my ass . '' 
 he went and tossed the towel in the hamper then came back and sat on the couch . 
 i could n't continue the conversation with lucah now , so we both just stood there as the eggs started to burn . 
 lucah had to take his hands away from me to go rescue them and ryder shot me a look over the edge of the couch . 
 `` you two can still talk with me here . 
 just pretend i 'm part of the couch . '' 
 `` impossible . 
 the couch is n't full of holes like those jeans , '' lucah said , using his spatula to point at said jeans . 
 `` have n't you heard of using your imagination ? 
 mom and dad taught you better . '' 
 at the mention of their parents , lucah 's face changed , and a chill entered the room . 
 the lighthearted banter was gone , and i felt like an intruder on a private moment . 
 `` how - '' lucah cleared his throat and turned back to the stove . 
 `` how many pieces of bacon do you want , sunshine ? '' 
 i spun around to face him , ignoring ryder just like he wanted . 
 `` two is fine . '' 
 the rest of the breakfast was quiet , and lucah was so preoccupied that he did n't ask me again about the pacing . 
 we headed off to work , ryder headed to therapy , and lucah did n't say another word until it was time to kiss me goodbye . 
 i could taste how upset he was on his lips , and in the way he pulled back so quickly . 
 i wanted to grab him and pull his body against mine and kiss away his pain , but i could n't . 
 this was something that could n't be fixed with a kiss . 
 not with a thousand kisses . 
 `` i love you , '' i said , and he said it back , but the pain was in his words , the pain was between us . 
 so many things seemed to be getting between us lately . 
 but i trusted him , trusted us . 
 trusted what we had . 
 i was distracted by thoughts of lucah the entire day , and it was hard to focus on work when all i wanted was to talk to him and hopefully bring him back from where he 'd gone . 
 when i 'd first met him , he 'd often go to that place , but those times had gotten fewer and farther between . 
 until ryder . 
 his brother was a constant reminder of losing his parents . 
 i did n't think of that when he moved in , but i bet lucah did . 
 `` you looked like you needed another cup , '' lilia said that afternoon when she brought me my third cup of coffee . 
 i was trying to cut back on caffeine , because i figured it contributed to some of my anxiety and control freakishness . 
 cutting back was not going well . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` rough day ? '' 
 `` something like that . 
 but we just had a therapy session yesterday , so i 'm not going to bug you again . 
 i 've got this . '' 
 she shrugged one shoulder . 
 `` you can if you need to . 
 i 'm here . 
 just over there . 
 write me a note and make a paper airplane or something . '' 
 paper airplanes made me think of lucah . 
 lucah , lucah , lucah . 
 `` thanks , i 'll consider it . '' 
 she went back to her desk and i sunk further into my distraction . 
 i could n't wait for work to be over , and when i met lucah by the elevator , i wanted to throw myself on him and cry . 
 but i did n't . 
 instead i greeted him formally and kept the three-foot buffer as we rode down to the ground floor . 
 some of the sadness from the morning had dissipated , but i could still see it on his face . 
 `` everything okay ? '' 
 i asked as we walked toward the t station . 
 `` it is now . '' 
 his kiss was bittersweet . 
 i opened my mouth to ask him if he wanted to talk about the comment ryder had made , but then i could n't . 
 i realized that i did n't know how to talk to lucah about his parents . 
 i did n't know what to say . 
 i still had both of my parents , and on some level i almost felt guilty for that . 
 it might be crazy , but it was how i felt . 
 we were mostly silent on the way back home . 
 lucah was lost in thought , and i had no idea what to say . 
 luckily , ryder and sloane were around when we got back , so we could talk to them , and not each other . 
 ryder seemed to have forgotten about the events of the morning and talked freely of his therapy session , and sloane talked about how behind she was on her fashion show and how she had to fire some of her interns because they did n't know how to sew . 
 `` you can fire interns ? '' 
 ryder asked . 
 `` i can do whatever i want . 
 it 's my company , '' she said with a grin and he smiled back . 
 lucah put on a performance , smiling and laughing and participating in the conversation , but it was just that . 
 a performance . 
 i knew him well enough now to know when he was putting it on and when he was being real . 
 i suspected ryder knew as well , but he did n't make any comment about it . 
 we got ready for bed silently and i climbed in next to him and i could n't take it anymore . 
 `` talk to me , '' i said . 
 i did n't care what he said as long as he said something . 
 `` what do you want me to say ? '' 
 he was n't angry , just curious . 
 `` you 've barely talked to me all day . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 we just talked when we were having dinner . '' 
 `` but you were upset . 
 i can tell . 
 you were using your corporate spy skills to put on a show . '' 
 he turned so he could look at my face . 
 `` and what makes you think that ? '' 
 `` because i know . 
 i know you . 
 are you still upset about what ryder said this morning ? '' 
 `` no , '' he said in a completely unconvincing voice . 
 `` there . 
 right there . 
 you 're not telling me the truth . 
 i can hear it in your voice . '' 
 he looked at me for a long time before he said anything . 
 `` what do you want me to say ? '' 
 he repeated . 
 `` i want you to tell me what you 're thinking . 
 i want you to be able to share things with me . 
 not just the good things , but the bad things . 
 i want to know everything . '' 
 i stroked his hair , trying to make him understand . 
 `` i know you do . 
 i 've opened up a lot , but it 's hard , rory . 
 i have a difficult time with it . 
 i worked for so long being someone else . 
 it 's hard to remember how to be myself . 
 and when i was someone else , i was n't someone with dead parents . 
 i got to be whoever i wanted . 
 it was like ... putting off dealing with losing them . 
 and now it 's years later and i feel like i have n't even begun to deal with it . 
 i do n't know how . 
 i do n't know how . '' 
 just like in the presentation , he was speaking with his hands . 
 his movements were frustrated and angry and hurt . 
 i grabbed them and kissed them because i did n't know what else to do . 
 `` i 'm so , so sorry . 
 i do n't know what to say , and i feel horrible that you ca n't talk to me about this because i do n't know what to say or do to make it better . 
 every week you come with me to my parents ' house and i feel like i 'm rubbing it in your face . 
 hey , here i am , my parents are alive - '' tears streamed down my face , but he held his hand in front of my mouth to stop me from going on . 
 `` you do n't have to say anything . 
 just having you here , and knowing that you want to know about it , and you want me to talk is enough . 
 i 'm not jealous of you because your parents are alive . 
 how could you ever think that ? 
 i would n't want you to go through this hell . 
 i would n't wish it on anyone , least of all the woman i love . 
 oh , sunshine . '' 
 the tears kept coming and would n't stop . 
 lucah moved his hand from my mouth , but only to keep wiping the tears away , even though there were too many and they splashed on the sheets . 
 `` i ca n't help it . 
 i feel guilty . 
 and now i feel guilty for feeling guilty , because you 're comforting me and it should be the other way around . 
 i 'm so sorry you got stuck with me . '' 
 he shook his head slowly back and forth , as if he could n't believe what i was saying . 
 `` i do n't know whether to laugh or cry right now , '' he said , cupping my chin in his hands . 
 `` but i think we need to talk . 
 not just tonight , but all the time . 
 i do n't want you to hold something in for fear of telling me about it , or upsetting me . 
 ever . 
 okay ? '' 
 `` okay . 
 but i want you to do the same . 
 i know it 's hard for you to open up , but you need to and i need to . 
 this goes both ways . '' 
 `` you 're right . 
 you 're absolutely right . 
 so how about we start now ? 
 we 'll tell each other one thing before we go to bed every night . 
 something that 's been bugging us all day . 
 it can be serious or silly , but we 'll do it every night . 
 how 's that ? '' 
 i loved the idea , and i told him so . 
 `` okay , so i 'll go first tonight . 
 yes , that comment ryder made this morning bothered me all day and i 'm sorry about that . 
 i did n't mean to shut you out . 
 i just got a little lost in the past for a while . 
 having him here is a constant reminder . 
 sometimes i deal better with it than other times . '' 
 i could understand that . 
 i rewarded his confession with a kiss , but he did n't let me turn it into something more like i wanted to . 
 `` your turn , sunshine , '' he said , pulling back and putting his hand between us so i could n't try to kiss him again . 
 there were a number of things bothering me . 
 it was going to be difficult to decide which one to tell him . 
 `` since i already told you about mine , which is what started this whole thing , can i be done ? '' 
 i tried to give him a cute smile that would get me off the hook . 
 `` yes , you may have started it , but i shared with you . 
 so i showed you mine . 
 now show me yours . '' 
 he moved closer to me , and i could definitely feel `` his . '' 
 `` fine . 
 it bugs me that i have to have lunch with your ex-girlfriend . 
 there . '' 
 i tried to kiss him , but he definitely put a stop to that . 
 `` wait just a second . 
 i think i 'm going to need more of an explanation than that . '' 
 great . 
 `` she asked me if i wanted to have lunch with her again . 
 she 's told me that she 's not after you , but i 'm still suspicious . 
 i ca n't help it . 
 and then she came to my office like she wanted to talk about something and then she mentioned the lunch thing and ran away . 
 i do n't want to think that she 's up to something , but she keeps behaving like she is . 
 so that 's what 's bugging me . '' 
 i shrugged , because that seemed to be the only thing to do . 
 lucah thought about that for a second . 
 `` i 'll talk to her . 
 i 'm sure she 's not doing anything , but if it 's making you uncomfortable , it needs to be addressed . '' 
 and that was why i did n't tell him . 
 `` no , no . 
 do n't . 
 i did n't want to make a big deal of it , which was why i did n't tell you in the first place . 
 you do n't have to hop on my crazy train and ride it to the station . 
 you asked what was bugging me , i told you . 
 does n't mean you have to do something about it . '' 
 `` if that 's what you want . '' 
 `` that 's what i want . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` okay . 
 then that 's what we 'll do . 
 this concludes the sharing portion of our evening , and now we shall commence with the lovemaking . '' 
 oh thank god . 
 i liked that part much more than the sharing . 
 even though i 'd pretty much asked for the sharing . 
 the sex part was so much easier . 
 he knew my body and i knew his and we gave and took and it was almost always perfect . 
 and then sleep . 
 sleep was the second best part , but it was made better by the sharing , i had to admit . 
 i 'd read somewhere that a clean conscience made a soft pillow , or something along those lines . 
 god damn if it was n't true . 
 sloane continued with her recovery , and it became a source for me to tease her about at every chance i could . 
 even ryder teased her , but she did n't get as mad at him as she got at me when i teased her . 
 probably because i did n't have a penis , giant biceps and tattoos . 
 `` you all can just shut up , '' she said at dinner the next night . 
 `` like you 've never done anything stupid , miss rory . 
 i could tell lucah all kinds of stories if i wanted to . 
 but i 'm an adult and i keep those things to myself . '' 
 it was true . 
 she had tons of dirt on me . 
 that threat was all it took to shut me up . 
 `` i shall never tease you again , '' i said with my hand over my heart . 
 `` you 're so full of shit , '' she said , throwing her napkin at me . 
 `` only sometimes . '' 
 the tension from the night before was gone . 
 so the stupid sharing had worked . 
 i felt closer to lucah , and he was much more affectionate and real . 
 `` so did marisol text you today ? '' 
 sloane said . 
 i pulled out my phone and realized that she had , asking me if i wanted to be part of a charity dinner she was throwing . 
 you paid like a bazillion dollars for a plate and then a bunch of chefs would cook and they usually had a comedian and a band . 
 i 'd done a few of them before , and they 'd been fun , but i had n't had lucah with me then . 
 i 'd brought royce to a few and he had abandoned me for the bar , and sometimes the female bartender . 
 douche . 
 `` so are you going to go ? '' 
 she said after i 'd read the text . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i do n't think i could go alone and unescorted . 
 i must have a man . 
 but where could i find one ? '' 
 i pretended to search the room before grabbing lucah 's arm . 
 `` found one ! 
 you 'll do . '' 
 he looked at me as if i 'd lost my senses . 
 `` i 'll do for what ? '' 
 `` marisol is having a charity dinner . 
 you pay , you eat , you dance , you try to make small talk . 
 it 's a good time . '' 
 lucah still looked skeptical . 
 `` it 'll be like the company ball . 
 only with the best of boston society , '' i said . 
 `` what 's the charity ? '' 
 lucah said . 
 `` um , cystic fibrosis , '' i said , reading back the text . 
 `` come on , it 'll be fun . 
 sloane will make me a fabulous dress and i 'll get to see you in a tux and we 'll dance the night away . 
 do n't you want to dance with me ? '' 
 i was really laying it on thick . 
 `` very well played , sunshine . 
 you know i ca n't say no to you in a dress with the option of getting to dance with you . '' 
 `` so you 'll go with me ? '' 
 he rolled his eyes as if it was a huge inconvenience and i was really putting him out . 
 `` i guess . '' 
 i poked him in the chest . 
 `` yes , miss clarke , i would be happy to escort you . '' 
 he kissed my hand and then twirled me around . 
 sloane sighed audibly . 
 `` i 'm guessing you also want to go , '' ryder said . 
 `` maybe , '' sloane said , sensing where he was taking this . 
 `` if i had someone to take me . '' 
 she sang the last part . 
 `` sorry , i do n't know anyone like that . '' 
 he went back to finishing the slice of blueberry pie sloane had made . 
 she waited for him to tell her he was joking , but he did n't . 
 `` ryder ? '' 
 lucah said , trying to give him a hint . 
 `` yes , big brother ? '' 
 ryder played innocent . 
 clearly , he wanted to make a production before he actually asked her . 
 `` you 're being a dick , '' lucah said , pulling me onto his lap . 
 `` why ? 
 what did i do ? '' 
 oh , he was good . 
 `` so , i guess i 'll be seeing the two of you at the event ? 
 i 've decided to go by myself . 
 some people just ca n't handle my fabulousness . '' 
 sloane flipped her long dark hair over her shoulder and turned away from ryder . 
 `` you got that right , '' i said , giving her a fist bump . 
 `` fuck , okay . 
 i 'll take you . '' 
 ryder caved only seconds later . 
 i knew he would . 
 he liked her too much . 
 `` no way . 
 you had your shot . 
 that offer has closed . 
 you 're done . '' 
 but i knew she would change her mind . 
 she liked him too much . 
 after some more back and forth , sloane agreed to go with ryder , but it was like pulling teeth . 
 `` so when is this thing ? '' 
 ryder asked . 
 `` uh , in a few weeks . 
 so there 's enough time to make dresses , '' i said to sloane and she had that maniacal gleam in her eye that she got when she got to design something new . 
 i knew she wanted to leave asap so she could go back to her place and start sketching out ideas . 
 `` plenty of time . '' 
 `` you 're really excited about this , '' ryder said , staring at sloane . 
 he 'd obviously never seen her in designing mode . 
 it was something to watch . 
 `` there 's nothing that excites sloane more than the opportunity to design something new . 
 especially a dress . 
 have you seen the ones she made for the company ball ? '' 
 i got out my phone and pulled up some pictures . 
 `` you made that ? '' 
 ryder said to sloane as i showed him my dress . 
 i still got shivers every time i saw it . 
 part of me wanted to just wear that one again , but then another part wanted to see lucah 's face when i put on a different dress . 
 it would be well worth it , and sloane would never let me wear the same dress twice . 
 that was a cardinal sin . 
 `` i did . 
 i could make you some jeans , you know . 
 i do n't just do dresses and lingerie . '' 
 she winked and he did n't say anything for a moment . 
 `` i could probably whip you up some tomorrow . 
 stand up . '' 
 i was actually surprised that ryder had n't been subjected to having his measurements taken yet . 
 what had she been waiting for ? 
 when she pulled a tape measure out of her bra , ryder 's eyes popped just a tiny bit . 
 `` what else do you have in there ? '' 
 `` would n't you like to know ? '' 
 she took his measurements quickly and efficiently . 
 `` do n't , you , uh , need to do the inseam ? '' 
 he said with a gleam in his eye . 
 `` no . 
 and get your mind out of the gutter . '' 
 she stood up and patted the top of his head . 
 `` good boy . 
 now if we could just get you to shut up , then you would make a good mannequin . '' 
 ryder pretended to be offended , but he definitely was n't . 
 `` have you been through this ? '' 
 ryder asked lucah . 
 `` as soon as rory and i became official . 
 it 's a right of passage . '' 
 joking aside , it really was . 
 sloane rolled her tape measure back up and put it back in her bra , which ryder watched her do intently . 
 `` come help me with the dishes ? '' 
 she said , grabbing a few plates and heading for the door . 
 she looked over her shoulder at him and he grabbed some more plates and followed her without saying a word . 
 `` he likes her . 
 a lot , '' i said once the door shut behind them . 
 `` yes he does . 
 i do n't think i 've ever seen him so willing to do chores before . 
 ever . 
 do you think they 're sleeping together ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no . 
 if they were , sloane would have told me . '' 
 `` are you sure ? 
 she knows that you do n't really approve . '' 
 `` it would n't matter . 
 she 'd never keep something like that from me . 
 she would n't be able to . 
 trust me . '' 
 that was one thing sloane would not be able to hide or lie about . 
 `` well , i hope they hold off . 
 i do n't think it would be the best thing for ryder to get involved with someone right now . 
 and what if it goes south ? 
 that could set his treatment way back and i do n't think any number of sessions with the farting therapist would be able to fix that . 
 at least not for a long while . '' 
 i agreed , but what would happen was going to happen . 
 whether we wanted it to or not . 
 i told lucah as much . 
 `` you 're right . 
 you 're right . '' 
 we got the rest of the dishes together and took them over to sloane 's . 
 she and ryder were chattering away and he was asking her questions about her designs and how she got into fashion and she was babbling like crazy , but he was interested . 
 he was listening to her . 
 ryder listened to sloane as if she was talking about the most fascinating thing he 'd ever heard . 
 his eyes watched her lips , and she kept using her hands and laughing , and he laughed with her . 
 she touched his shoulder , he pulled some lint from her shirt . 
 i had to stop watching because i felt like a voyeur . 
 that must be why people looked away when lucah and i were together . 
 we probably did the same thing . 
 when the dishes were done , lucah , ryder and i sat on the couch and watched a movie while sloane worked on my dress design . 
 she wanted to do mine first and then model hers off mine . 
 a better friend you could n't find . 
 not even if you went all around the world . 
 `` so this is what i 'm thinking , '' she said a few minutes later , holding it up for everyone to see . 
 sloane 's drawings were always like those of the classic designers , making me look tall and glamorous . 
 the dress was strapless , full length and form-fitting until it got to the skirt . 
 `` so it 's like the back is pulled around to drape , and then it 's gathered at your hip , and there 's the ruffled edge all along this side . 
 i 'll fold the fabric to make it look even better . 
 i 'm thinking red , for the color . '' 
 of course red . 
 `` it 's f ** king fabulous , '' i said , giving her two thumbs up . 
 i could n't wait to see a mock up of it . 
 `` i ca n't wait to see it crumpled on my floor , '' lucah said , studying the dress . 
 `` i swear , if i ever hear you say that again , i will take drastic measures , '' sloane said with a death glare . 
 `` you could make that ? '' 
 ryder said . 
 he still did n't seem to get how talented sloane was . 
 or maybe he just needed to see it in action . 
 `` yeah . 
 i can make anything . '' 
 she put emphasis on the last word . 
 `` i like red , '' lucah said , rubbing my arm . 
 `` i know you do , '' i said . 
 `` okay , so if you 're going with red , then i think i might go with gold . 
 or purple . 
 definitely not green or blue . 
 and i do n't think silver would look good . '' 
 she continued to mutter to herself about colors and so forth . 
 i was used to her doing that , but lucah and ryder looked at her as if she was talking crazy . 
 `` this is what she does , '' i said to them as sloane got up and floated back to the spare bedroom she 'd converted into her design room , complete with a dress model , sewing machine and light table for her to sketch on . 
 `` she 's focused . '' 
 `` huh , '' ryder said , glancing at the room sloane had disappeared . 
 `` i ca n't wait to see it . 
 i could definitely use some new jeans . '' 
 he picked at a hole in the pair he was wearing . 
 `` i offered to buy you some more , '' lucah said , pointing to the pants . 
 `` i do n't need you to buy me jeans . 
 and if she 's going to make them , then why not ? 
 then a bunch of starving children in bangladesh do n't have to . '' 
 `` he does have a point , '' i said . 
 he 'd know exactly where those jeans came from and who had made them . 
 `` are the two of you ganging up on me now ? '' 
 lucah said , looking from me to ryder and back . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm just saying he has a point . 
 you never really know where your clothes come from unless you see them made , '' i said . 
 it was the clothing equivalent of buying from a local organic farm . 
 `` okay , okay . 
 i get it . '' 
 lucah settled into the couch and pulled me so i was resting against him . 
 we went back to watching the movie , but i could feel ryder 's attention being drawn back to the room with sloane . 
 it was only a matter of time before he got up and walked as quietly as he could to her room and closed the door behind them . 
 `` that was subtle , '' lucah said in my ear . 
 `` he likes her . '' 
 he nodded , bumping his chin on my shoulder as he started twirling his fingers through my hair . 
 `` you ca n't keep two people apart who want to be together . 
 no matter how hard you try . 
 or how much they could lose by getting caught having sex in the office , '' i joked . 
 `` i see your point , sunshine . 
 i 'm doing better about it , are n't i ? '' 
 `` yeah , you did n't glare at ryder for talking to sloane and you have n't tried to keep them apart . 
 i 'd say you 're doing good . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 that means a lot from you . '' 
 `` why does that not sound like a compliment ? '' 
 i said , turning to look at his face . 
 `` it is a compliment . 
 i value your opinion more than anyone else 's . 
 even more than my own . 
 you 're one of the smartest people i know . '' 
 i bit my lip because his opinion happened to be the one i most trusted . 
 `` same to you , mr. blythe , '' i finally said . 
 `` same to you . '' 
 `` thank you , miss clarke . '' 
 21 the movie ended and ryder was still in sloane 's room . 
 lucah and i debated about what to do . 
 `` maybe we should just make a ton of noise . 
 they 've probably forgotten that we 're out here , '' i said . 
 lucah motioned for me to move , so i climbed off him and he stood up . 
 `` they 've been awfully quiet in there . '' 
 we both inched toward the door , as if it had one of those signs warning that it had hazardous nuclear material on the other side . 
 i did n't hear a thing until there was a peal of laughter from sloane , joined shortly by ryder 's chuckle . 
 laughter was good . 
 that probably meant they were n't having sex . 
 not that i thought that sloane would have sex with ryder while we were sitting in the living room . 
 and definitely not until she had modeled at least five different lingerie combinations for me and had me vote on which one she looked best in . 
 sometimes sloane took sex seriously , and sometimes she did n't . 
 this was going to be one of those serious times . 
 lucah looked at me for an idea of what to do , and i shrugged so he knocked on the door . 
 the laughter abruptly cut off . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 sloane said , and then the door opened . 
 i breathed a sigh of relief when i saw that they were both fully clothed . 
 `` what are you doing in here ? '' 
 i asked peering in . 
 sloane looked at me as if i 'd asked her something outrageous . 
 `` just talking . 
 and i was drawing some stuff . '' 
 her light board was covered in drawings , and at first glance i could see that they were n't all fashion designs . 
 `` just talking , '' ryder reiterated , holding his hands up as if to show us that there was nothing in them , including any of sloane 's body parts . 
 they did have quite a bit of space between them . 
 `` i 'm not accusing anyone of anything , '' lucah said . 
 `` neither am i . 
 you were just gone for a long time and the movie ended and we came to see what you were doing . 
 that 's all . 
 no judgment . '' 
 i mirrored ryder 's gesture . 
 `` there is a lot of tension in this room and there does n't need to be , '' sloane said . 
 `` okay , i think it 's time to call it a night , yes ? '' 
 everyone else agreed so the blythe brothers and i trooped back to our place . 
 `` so you 're not going to give me the third degree ? '' 
 ryder said the second the door closed . 
 `` no , i was n't planning on it . 
 do i need to ? '' 
 lucah said , leaning against the kitchen counter as ryder went and hopped over the back of the couch . 
 `` nope . 
 i kept my hands to myself and everything . 
 do i get a gold star ? '' 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 lucah said . 
 ryder did n't answer , he just turned on the television . 
 i thought about calling it a night and heading for the shower , but instead i went and stood next to the couch and motioned for ryder to move his feet so i could sit down . 
 he raised an eyebrow , and i was reminded so much of lucah i almost started to laugh , but he did move his feet and i sat down . 
 `` whatcha watching ? '' 
 he shrugged and kept flipping the channels . 
 he never seemed to want to pick something and stay on it . 
 `` well the first step of watching something is picking something to watch . '' 
 `` i know how to use a remote , thank you , '' he said . 
 `` well , clearly , you do n't , '' i said , diving forward and snatching the remote from his hand . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 `` uh , my remote , my television . 
 i win . '' 
 i waved the remote in front of him and he just glared . 
 `` let her have this . 
 women are unbearable when they lose control of the remote , '' lucah said , and i was reminded of a conversation we had that very first night we spent together . 
 back when i thought i could get him out of my system in one night . 
 what an idiot i 'd been back then . 
 i would never get him out of my system , and i did n't want to . 
 he was the one disease i 'd want to suffer from . 
 `` hey now . 
 no ganging up on rory , '' i said glaring at the pair of them . 
 it was fun when ryder and i ganged up on lucah , but it was the opposite when the boys ganged up on me . 
 `` wow , i did n't think you were ever going to take your head out of her ass , '' ryder said to lucah . 
 `` what ? '' 
 lucah and i said at the same time . 
 i forgot about the remote . 
 `` whoa , calm down . 
 i 'm only stating fact . 
 i ca n't point out the fact that you are so f ** king whipped that you have a f ** king ottoman in your house . 
 and throw pillows and all this girly shit around . '' 
 ryder gestured to the apartment . 
 honestly , things were a lot more girly when i lived with sloane . 
 we had just been in her place . 
 had he not looked around ? 
 `` so what if i 'm f ** king whipped ? 
 what is so wrong with that ? 
 that i love the woman i 'm with ? 
 you have some f ** ked up values , ryder . '' 
 lucah shook his head . 
 `` nothing wrong with it , nothing at all . '' 
 his tone left a lot to be desired in the sincerity department . 
 lucah went from pissed one minute to smirking the next . 
 `` just wait , ryder . 
 just wait . '' 
 `` and see , '' i added , which made lucah smile even more . 
 `` exactly . '' 
 `` you two freak me out sometimes . 
 i 'm going to bed . '' 
 with that he was off the couch again and heading to his room . 
 `` well , that was a good way to get him to leave , '' lucah said , taking ryder 's vacated seat . 
 `` also , i 'm whipped and i 'm not ashamed of it . 
 at all . '' 
 he growled and dove at me , which made me squeal . 
 `` keep it down ! '' 
 ryder yelled from his room . 
 `` put on some headphones , '' lucah yelled back . 
 `` i 'm with my girl , and i do n't care who knows it . 
 i want to tell the whole world . '' 
 i stared up into his intense eyes , and the mood shifted from playful to serious . 
 `` i 'd want to tell the whole world about you . '' 
 was he talking about what i thought he was talking about ? 
 or was i just reading too much into it ? 
 `` go ahead , '' i said . 
 `` later . 
 right now i just want to take you to the bedroom and f ** k you until you 're screaming to the whole world about me . '' 
 and again , he 'd shifted from serious to seductive . 
 it was hard to follow , but that did n't mean that i was n't all for the f ** king and the screaming . 
 well , the f ** king at least . 
 i was going to keep it down unless ryder had put headphones in . 
 der and i almost had another run-in the next day , only this time it was him who was caught with his pants down . 
 i 'd walked in on him taking a piss . 
 `` shit , sorry ! '' 
 i said . 
 `` knock first ! '' 
 he replied as i slammed the door . 
 we were definitely going to need the sign about knocking , but for me more than anyone else . 
 i waited for him to emerge and my face just kept getting redder . 
 he came out and glared at me . 
 `` if you want to take a peek , all you have to do is ask . 
 i 'll give you the whole show . '' 
 he gestured to that area of his body and my face heated up some more . 
 `` no thank you . 
 i already have my own ginger to ogle . 
 but i 'll consider your offer . '' 
 my attempt at being flippant was undone by the blush on my face . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 lucah said , coming out from getting dressed . 
 `` nothing , '' ryder and i said at the same time . 
 `` okay , that 's not suspicious . '' 
 i rolled my eyes at ryder and he acted like i was the one who 'd done something wrong . 
 `` i almost walked in on him in the bathroom and he offered to give me a show . 
 i declined . 
 the end , '' i said . 
 `` oh , if that 's all , '' lucah said , shrugging . 
 `` i also told him that i had my own ginger to ogle . 
 you 're welcome . '' 
 i pointed to my lips so he could give me a kiss to show his gratitude . 
 `` thank you , sunshine , '' he said and gave me a peck . 
 `` what are you up to today ? '' 
 lucah asked ryder . 
 `` no good . '' 
 `` fucking fantastic , '' lucah said . 
 he seemed to be loosening up a lot about ryder and his comments , which i was grateful for . 
 i 'd decided not to believe half of the things he said , which was probably a good policy . 
 `` well , make sure you take pictures and send them to me . 
 oh , and if you need to be bailed out of jail , my phone is going to be off , '' lucah added as he put his jacket on , and i grabbed my purse . 
 `` will do , '' ryder said , snapping his heels together and saluting . 
 lucah and i both shook our heads as we went to work . 
 `` your brother is something else . '' 
 `` so are you . '' 
 `` i 'm hoping that 's a compliment . '' 
 `` for you , it is . '' 
 he stopped and gave me one of those middle of the forehead kisses that made me feel cherished and adored . 
 `` i love you . 
 have i told you that today ? '' 
 he said . 
 we might be late for work , but i did n't care . 
 moments like these were more important than being punctual . 
 `` i think you did when you went down on me this morning . 
 or maybe i just imagined that . '' 
 he grinned and moved the kiss down to my lips , giving me just a little bit of tongue action . 
 he was so good at that . 
 `` well . 
 in case i did n't , i love you . '' 
 `` right back at you , mr. blythe . '' 
 he stared into my eyes and the world and sound and everything else stopped and then melted away and we formed our own reality where just the two of us existed . 
 the moment was quick , but it was so powerful it took a few seconds for me to realize we were standing on a sidewalk in boston with people streaming around us , cabs honking and a man up the street screaming about the end of the world . 
 lucah gave me one last kiss before hailing a cab to drive us to work . 
 i thought about that moment for the rest of the morning . 
 it expanded in my brain , pushing out all the negative thoughts and insecurities and other little nasty things that swirled constantly . 
 and then an email from violet popped up my inbox , asking when we could have our lunch date . 
 it sent me crashing right back to earth . 
 irritated , i typed a quick response that i could do it today . 
 might as well get it over with so i could stop thinking about it . 
 i really wanted to stop thinking about her . 
 i had too many nice things to think about . 
 she responded a second later with an acceptance and saying i could pick the restaurant . 
 i decided to go with the burger place sloane and i had gone to after the spa . 
 it was a bit of a distance from the office , but it was nice and casual , and i knew i could at least get a really decent meal out of it . 
 i tried to throw myself back into the precious bubble from this morning with lucah , but violet 's damn face kept invading . 
 so i tried to stop thinking about that and just fill my head with numbers and math and earnings projections and other things i should have been focusing on . 
 lilia came to check on me when she brought me my second cup of coffee mid-morning . 
 `` i do n't need therapy right now , but i probably will this afternoon . 
 i 'm having lunch with violet . '' 
 lilia 's eyebrows went up in surprise . 
 `` so . 
 i will fill you in on that when i get back . 
 or after you get back from lunch . 
 you knew what i meant . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` oh , and i know you said you were going to cut back on the coffee , so i added half decaf . 
 so you still get a little bit of a jolt , and you still get a full cup . '' 
 she was very pleased with herself . 
 `` that 's fantastic , thank you so much . 
 what would i do without you ? '' 
 i had a bad habit of getting attached to my assistants . 
 this could be a problem . 
 well , maybe i should stop hiring people that were so good at their jobs . 
 or people i was attracted to . 
 or people who fit both descriptions . 
 `` it 's my intention that you never have to find out . '' 
 `` surely you do n't want to be my assistant forever ? 
 you could do way more with your life . 
 you , lilia , are headed for greatness . '' 
 i had a test sip of the coffee and i almost could n't tell the difference between it and regular coffee . 
 genius . 
 `` and you are going to make me blush . 
 oh , i got those files you wanted . 
 it was a pain to find them because they 're still working on scanning and someone had taken them without marking which ones they 'd taken . 
 but i found them in the end . '' 
 that file scanning project was taking far too long . 
 i had the sneaking suspicion that the interns we had doing some of the work were slacking off . 
 granted , scanning a million files a day was n't the height of fun , but it was their job and we were -lrb- not -rrb- paying them to do it . 
 `` thanks for letting me know . 
 i 'll do a little whip cracking and see if that ca n't move things along and get them a little more organized . '' 
 lilia had become my eyes and ears . 
 she had a knack , like lucah , of hearing things and seeing things without being noticed . 
 `` just thought you should know . 
 how 's the coffee ? '' 
 `` perfect . '' 
 `` that 's what i aim for . '' 
 that was obvious . 
 `` oh , and i 'm very interested to see how things go with violet . 
 you can always text me if you want . '' 
 i could . 
 that actually was n't a bad plan . 
 if only you could text without looking like you were texting . 
 science needed to get on that . 
 i tried not to stress out about lunch , and the coffee actually helped . 
 probably because of the lower caffeine content . 
 the clock ticked down the minutes until my lunch date . 
 i wished it was with lucah , and not his ex , but you could n't have everything you wanted . 
 `` this is nice , '' violet said , looking around the restaurant . 
 it was filled with the lunch crowd , and it was diverse , which i was pleased about . 
 `` yeah , i 've come here a few times and i keep coming back . '' 
 we both ordered iced tea and then sat with our menus , studying them in silence . 
 i was waiting for her to make the first move . 
 or for her to at least tell me what she wanted to talk to me about outside of the office . 
 `` so what do you normally get ? '' 
 her eyes scanned the giant menu , skipping everywhere . 
 `` um , the burgers are really good . 
 that 's what i always get , but i pair it with a salad because then they cancel each other out and i do n't feel so guilty . '' 
 she looked up and smiled . 
 `` i like the way you think . 
 have you ever had the french onion burger ? '' 
 i had n't , but i assured her it was probably fabulous . 
 the waiter came back and she ordered the burger and a salad . 
 i had a cheeseburger and tomato salad . 
 once the ordering was out of the way , i waited some more . 
 waiting and seeing ... `` so i had an ulterior motive for having lunch with you today , '' she said , confirming my worst fears . 
 `` and what is that ? '' 
 i sipped my iced tea and pretended that i was n't terrified of what she was about to say . 
 as if her words did n't have the ability to alter my world , or shift its axis . 
 `` i still feel like there 's some tension between us . 
 i feel like we 're taking our personal lives and bringing them into the office . '' 
 really ? 
 this again ? 
 i thought we already dealt with this . 
 `` i want you to trust me , and i want us to be friends . '' 
 `` i want that too , '' i said automatically . 
 i mean , i did , but i was n't that eager . 
 i had been when i did n't know who she was . 
 `` good . 
 good . 
 so maybe we could go shopping sometime . 
 i 'm guessing you know where all the good shoes are . '' 
 i most certainly did , but i was n't going to share that information with just anyone . 
 but , if i did n't , then i was going to look like i had a problem with her . 
 which i did , but i did n't want her , or anyone else , to know that . 
 maybe i should have asked lucah to talk to her . 
 `` was that it ? '' 
 i said , just making absolutely sure she was n't hiding anything else from me . 
 her eyes went from my face to the napkin on her lap and i could tell that there was something , and she was still trying to get up the guts to say it . 
 whatever it was . 
 `` this would have been so much easier if you were a total bitch , '' she muttered . 
 i thought maybe i 'd heard her wrong . 
 `` what would be easier ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she still would n't look at me , and i started to have a creeping sense of deja vu . 
 `` when they hired me , they asked me if i could become friends with you , and then ... i do n't know , feed them information . 
 it was all really vague so they could n't get busted for it . '' 
 `` who is ` they ' ? '' 
 as if i did n't know . 
 her eyes finally went back to my face and i could see tears forming . 
 `` the board of directors . 
 mr. marksman , specifically . '' 
 i wanted to leap to my feet , point and scream , `` aha ! '' 
 but this was n't a crappy spy movie . 
 `` i see , '' i said , leaning back in my chair . 
 `` to what purpose ? '' 
 i knew , but i wanted to hear her say it . 
 `` they want your father , and you , out . 
 they want to force a takeover . '' 
 and there it was . 
 silence followed her declaration as we both tried to think of what to say next . 
 the waiter came back with our salads , unaware of the tension . 
 i smiled and thanked him and violet did the same , but after he left , the silence descended upon us again . 
 or maybe crashed would have been a better way to describe it . 
 `` please say something , '' violet said after i 'd taken two bites of my salad . 
 i was n't going to speak first . 
 `` what do you want me to say ? '' 
 i was reminded of lucah the other night when i 'd asked him to talk to me . 
 `` so what did you tell them ? '' 
 her eyes flew wide . 
 `` nothing . 
 i swear . 
 i 've been telling them that it 's taking me more time than i thought it would to get close to you . 
 they 're not very happy with me . '' 
 she tried to make a joke , but it was too soon . 
 `` so you have n't told them anything ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i promise . '' 
 `` have they paid you ? '' 
 `` no , but they offered all kinds of things . 
 or they talked about things in such a way that they would be offered to me if i gave them what they wanted . '' 
 bastards . 
 `` i wanted to say something to you about it forever . 
 that 's why i 've been so weird , and i keep coming to your office , or asking you to come to mine . 
 but it 's my word against theirs and i would n't have a prayer in court . 
 besides , like i told you before , i love this company and it 's my dream to work here . 
 i thought if i could put them off long enough , they 'd let me off the hook and i could forget about it . '' 
 i was sure i would have done the same thing in her place . 
 dream job that you 'd worked your whole life to get ? 
 nothing would stand in the way of keeping that job . 
 i would n't even let the love of lucah get between me and my job . 
 well . 
 i 'd at least tried . 
 luckily , i 'd gotten away with it . 
 `` i understand , '' i said , surprising both of us . 
 i had n't meant to say it , but the words had a mind of their own . 
 they wanted to be said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` it 's not your fault that those , for lack of a better term , ass ** les , took advantage of you . 
 i was aware of what they were trying to do , but i did n't think they would stoop so low . 
 i underestimated them . '' 
 never again . 
 `` i 'm so , so sorry , rory . 
 i feel so awful about this whole thing and lying to you and everything . 
 it was a really terrible thing to do . 
 i totally understand if you hate me . '' 
 `` i do n't hate you . 
 honest . 
 it could have just as easily have been me . 
 i 've worked my ass off to get where i am , but it definitely helps having your father be the president of the company you want to work for . '' 
 i hated , more than anything else , admitting that . 
 because it was what nearly everyone thought who met me and heard what i did for work . 
 `` oh . 
 wow . 
 i was prepared for you to throw your drink in my face , or scream at me . 
 obviously , i underestimated you . 
 so i 'm sorry about that as well . 
 i guess i have a lot to be sorry for . '' 
 she laughed a little without humor . 
 `` most of the things you 're saying sorry for are out of your control . 
 if i 'd been a nicer person , maybe you would have felt more comfortable coming to me about this sooner and we would n't have had to go through this . 
 so i 'm sorry for not being nicer to you . '' 
 i did n't need to say why i had n't been nice . 
 well , i did n't want to . 
 it was too junior high . 
 `` this whole thing is so awkward . 
 do you think we could maybe move past it ? 
 start over ? '' 
 i could try . 
 that was the best i could do . 
 i would never be able to erase the fact that she had dated my boyfriend , but i could try to push past it and not let it stand between us becoming friends . 
 `` when you first got hired , i was so happy because i thought i finally had a woman my age who wanted to go shoe shopping and did n't care about golf . 
 i am so sick of hearing about golf . '' 
 `` oh my god , i know ! 
 i think some of them treat it as their religion and worship at the altar of arnold palmer . '' 
 `` they probably have altars in their homes that their wives do n't know about , '' i added . 
 she put her hand over her heart . 
 `` i pledge allegiance , to the golf ball ... '' for the first time since i 'd met her , i lost myself in laughter with violet . 
 of course she was funny . 
 lucah would n't be attracted to anyone without a twisted sense of humor . 
 she laughed with me , and it was a cute , innocent sound . 
 the barrier that had been put up between us when i 'd found out that she and lucah had been together cracked a little at the sound . 
 it was still going to be there for a little while , and there would always be the memory of it , but if we could take it down a little , a piece at a time , we 'd get somewhere . 
 the rest of our lunch was completely different than the beginning . 
 once we started talking about our shared hatred of golf , all sorts of conversational doors burst open wide , and we both ended up being late getting back to the office because we just could n't shut up . 
 we giggled as we rode the elevator up to our floor and got sharp glances from some of the other elevator riders , which only made us laugh harder . 
 being with violet was like regressing to being a teenager again . 
 silly and giggly and completely unserious . 
 `` okay , well . 
 i guess i 'll see you later , miss clarke , '' she said with pretend formality . 
 `` it was a lovely lunch , miss cooper . 
 we shall have to do it again soon . 
 please let me know when you are free . '' 
 i sounded like i was trying to mock my mother . 
 it was a good thing she was n't around . 
 we shook hands and tried not to laugh before she walked back down the hall to her office . 
 lilia watched her go and then turned to me . 
 `` that ended differently than it began , '' she said , eyebrows higher than i 'd ever seen them . 
 `` you do n't know the half of it . '' 
 i decided not to tell lilia about what violet had revealed to me regarding the spying and so forth . 
 it seemed like a violation of violet 's trust , and i did n't think she 'd want me to tell anyone , even my assistant . 
 so i was n't going to tell anyone , but lucah , of course . 
 and dad . 
 je-sus christ , i had to tell dad . 
 in all my joy at my newfound friend , i 'd completely forgotten about the shit the board had pulled . 
 `` i know you need to go to lunch , but can you wait , like , ten minutes ? 
 i have to go see mr. clarke about something and it 's kind of an emergency . '' 
 `` yeah , no problem , of course . 
 go , go . '' 
 i dashed down the hall at a fast clip that was n't quite a run , but would get me there as quickly as possible . 
 mrs. andrews was n't at her desk , so she was on probably lunch , which hopefully meant dad was n't . 
 i knocked a few times and waited . 
 `` come in , '' he said , and i took a breath before opening the door . 
 i did n't want to drop this bomb on him , but he needed to know . 
 `` rory ! 
 it 's nice to see you . 
 did you just come back from lunch ? '' 
 he actually looked a little happier today . 
 great . 
 i was going to stomp all over that in about five seconds . 
 `` i just had lunch with violet and she told me something you need to know . '' 
 his attention immediately narrowed and snapped on me . 
 i closed the door and sat down . 
 `` she said the board wanted to bribe her to become friends with me and then spy on me , and you by association . '' 
 he was silent for a moment , digesting my words . 
 they did n't appear to be going down easy . 
 `` i thought as much . 
 she 's not the first , and i do n't think she 'll be the last . 
 this has got to stop , '' he said , shaking his head . 
 `` why not have them arrested ? 
 i 'm pretty sure they 've broken a law or two . '' 
 or twelve . 
 `` that kind of thing is very hard to prove without recordings , or a paper trail , and they 've been very careful to cover their tracks and never say anything outright that could incriminate them . 
 they know the laws and how to walk along the edges and toe the line , but not cross it . '' 
 i had a whole string of words i wanted to scream , but they definitely were n't appropriate in a work setting , or in front of my father . 
 `` well , i think i have her on my side now , so we do n't have to worry about violet . 
 who else have they gotten to ? '' 
 dad just shook his head at that . 
 `` the less you know about that , the better . 
 like i said , i 'm handling it . 
 you just make sure they really have n't gotten their hooks into miss cooper , but just in case , play it close to the vest and always trust your gut , rory . '' 
 his classic advice that was right for every situation . 
 `` i will . 
 sorry to be the bearer of bad news . '' 
 `` you 're never the bearer of bad news . 
 it 's news i already knew , and it 's always good to see my girl . '' 
 my heart got melty so i went and gave him a hug before walking at a more normal pace back to my desk and telling lilia that everything was under control and she could go to lunch . 
 i thought about calling lucah and telling him about everything with violet , but i decided to wait and tell him after work . 
 i hoped he would be pleased that the two of us were friendly . 
 he probably would not be pleased that she 'd been turned into a pawn slash spy by the board . 
 or maybe i should n't tell him that part . 
 `` so violet and i had lunch today , '' i said as we hopped into a cab to avoid walking to the t station in the rain that threatened to fall from the sky at any moment . 
 as soon as the door shut and lucah told the driver the address , drops pattered on the windshield . 
 `` you did ? 
 how did that go ? '' 
 he turned in his seat to face me . 
 `` uh , surprisingly well . 
 i think we 're friends now . 
 and do n't look so skeptical , '' i said . 
 `` what ? 
 i was n't skeptical . 
 i 'm just surprised that all it took was one lunch for you to bury the hatchet . '' 
 the rain started coming down harder , sheeting against the windows and blurring the world outside . 
 `` what is this hatchet business ? 
 i did n't hate her . '' 
 `` i know , i know . 
 it was the best metaphor i could come up with . 
 sorry . 
 so , what caused this sudden flowering of friendship ? '' 
 i bit my lip and considered as the cabbie weaved in and out of traffic and people rushed for cover , or popped open umbrellas . 
 `` she was really open and honest with me about some things , and i value that , so i decided to put everything else aside . 
 i was being petty and immature . 
 she 's also really funny . 
 why did n't you tell me she was funny ? '' 
 my question left him floundering for a moment . 
 `` i did n't want to talk about her because i did n't want to make you upset . 
 that might have been petty and childish on my part . 
 so i tried to avoid ever discussing her . '' 
 i took his hand and folded our fingers together . 
 `` you do n't have to do that . 
 i 'm interested . 
 i want to know what you were like back then . 
 i 've seen pictures but i want to know . 
 do n't you want to know what i was like as a teenager ? '' 
 he squeezed my hand . 
 `` i most definitely want to know what you were like as a teenager . 
 it must be much more interesting than what i was like . 
 my adolescence was boring . 
 very boring . 
 nothing to talk about . '' 
 i rolled my eyes as the cabbie pulled up to our building . 
 `` this is going to suck , '' i said , staring at the rain . 
 `` here , '' lucah said , shucking off his jacket . 
 we were both going to have to dash . 
 not that it mattered , because we were just going home . 
 i could change once we got inside , but i disliked getting rained on , even if it was only for a minute . 
 lucah handed me his jacket to use as a makeshift umbrella and then got out , dashed to my door , opened it , and dragged me across the short distance to the front door of our building . 
 i stayed dry , but him , not so much . 
 his hair dripped on his face , and his shirt was nearly see-through . 
 i was n't complaining . 
 it was a good look for him . 
 i could n't keep my hands off him in the elevator , so it was a good thing we were alone . 
 by the time we got the door unlocked , i had one arm out of his shirt and he was working on my buttons . 
 `` get a f ** king hotel room , '' said a voice that made us both freeze , mid-clothes tearing . 
 oops . 
 i 'd pretty much forgotten about ryder . 
 from the look on lucah 's face , so had he . 
 lucah cleared his throat and let go of my shirt , straightening up as he put his arm back in his sleeve while i tried to re-button my shirt . 
 lucah had lipstick smeared on his mouth , and i 'd ravaged his hair as well . 
 `` look , i know you guys are all over each other , but please , do it when i 'm not here . '' 
 there was just one problem . 
 he was always here . 
 that was n't his fault , because both his therapist and lucah did n't think a job was right for him at this point , but he needed something to do . 
 preferably something that got him out of the apartment so lucah and i could f ** k each other . 
 `` sorry , ryder , '' i said , finally getting my buttons done , and readjusting my jacket . 
 `` whatever , it 's fine . 
 i 'm going over to sloane 's . '' 
 i happened to know she was n't home from work yet . 
 she 'd texted me that she was n't going to be able to do dinner , and to order out and start without her . 
 `` do you have a key ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yeah , she gave me one and said i could hang out there any time . '' 
 uh , she did ? 
 that was news to me . 
 it also seemed like something she should have discussed with lucah at least . 
 `` you do n't have to leave , ryder , '' lucah said as ryder headed for the door . 
 `` no , no . 
 someone should be getting laid in this apartment , and if it ca n't be me , then go ahead . '' 
 he walked out and shut the door . 
 `` i think i 'm going to go deal with that , '' lucah said , brushing something off my jacket . 
 `` i will be right back . '' 
 i let him go and went to slump on the couch . 
 i 'd thought the ryder thing was beginning to settle , but every time i thought that , something else happened . 
 plus , we had yet to tell him he was coming with us to my parents ' house . 
 lucah thought it was best to spring it on him at the last minute . 
 i disagreed , but he knew ryder better than i did . 
 maybe we could bring sloane with us . 
 mom and dad would love to see her , and she might be able to keep ryder on a leash . 
 i closed my eyes for a minute and debated about going to see if lucah and ryder had killed each other , but decided to stay out of it . 
 the brother dynamic was one i was n't all that familiar with , not having any brothers of my own . 
 the door opened a few minutes later , and i propped myself up to see who it was . 
 lucah . 
 he did n't have a black eye , so that was good . 
 he did n't have ryder with him , either . 
 `` how did it go ? 
 did you solve your issues by wrassling it out ? '' 
 lucah laughed at me . 
 `` no , we have n't done that since we were kids . 
 and i 'm pretty sure he could take me now . 
 we were just talking about him getting out of the house more . 
 i 've kind of had him under house arrest , and i think it 's time to loosen the cuffs a little . '' 
 i completely agreed . 
 there was no reason why ryder should n't be allowed to leave the house every now and then . 
 i was kind of surprised that he had n't already . 
 maybe he was trying to be good . 
 `` i , uh , also told him about sunday . '' 
 `` what was his reaction ? '' 
 `` he used ` fuck ' as several different parts of speech . '' 
 big shocker . 
 `` but he said he 'd come , so i think it should work out . 
 i was thinking that maybe we could bring sloane with us since he seems to behave the best when she 's around . 
 not that that 's saying much , but still . '' 
 i rested my arms on his shoulders . 
 `` this is why i love you . 
 because i was thinking the exact same thing . '' 
 `` weird . 
 maybe our brains are absorbing each other 's thoughts . 
 pretty soon , we wo n't even need words . 
 we 'll just know what the other is thinking . '' 
 that prospect was both terrifying and kind of cool sounding . 
 i did n't think it was really possible outside of science fiction , but stranger things had happened . 
 `` so , are you thinking what i 'm thinking ? '' 
 he said , his eyes scanning slowly up and down my body . 
 `` i think i have an idea . '' 
 22 `` why is your f ** king house so f ** king big ? '' 
 ryder said on sunday when we arrived at my house for dinner . 
 `` why the f ** k do you keep saying f ** k ? '' 
 sloane said , smacking him on the arm . 
 `` this is n't the kind of f ** king house that you can just say f ** k in whenever you want . '' 
 `` okay , can we pause the f ** k talk for a few hours ? '' 
 lucah said . 
 `` this is n't just my boss ' house , it 's my girlfriend 's parents ' , so i would like them to not hate me when this is over . '' 
 lucah was n't doing well in the stress department , but this time i did n't think he was out of line for feeling that way . 
 ryder 's track record was n't encouraging . 
 `` you got it , '' ryder said , saluting lucah . 
 `` this is the last time i will say f ** k until we get in the car again . 
 there . 
 that was it . '' 
 lucah glared at him in the rearview mirror . 
 `` we should probably get out and go in now , '' i said , opening my door and getting out . 
 the rest followed and i heard ryder muttering under his breath . 
 he would n't stop adjusting his jacket , or putting his hands in his pockets , or doing something else to show that he was completely uncomfortable in the clothes sloane had picked out for him . 
 she said she just happened to have them kicking around , but i knew she was full of shit . 
 she 'd gotten them made special just for today . 
 the simple black jacket , striped shirt and skinny tie were formal , but still suited him . 
 he looked like a rock star that had to get dressed up for an event , but still wanted to stay true to his image . 
 plus , the sleeves covered up the tattoos . 
 i had no idea what my mother 's reaction to those would be and i did n't want to find out . 
 `` hello , hello , '' mom said , sweeping into the entryway , her arms outstretched and a bright smile on her face . 
 i almost burst out laughing , but i kept my cool . 
 `` mom , this is ryder , lucah 's younger brother and you already know sloane . '' 
 `` eva ! '' 
 sloane said , giving my mom a huge hug . 
 `` oh , sloane darling it 's been forever . 
 i was just thinking of you the other day because i need a dress for an event , and i was hoping maybe i might commission you to make me one . 
 i 'm so bored with everything they have in the stores for women my age . 
 i want something a little younger and hipper . '' 
 that was the first time in my entire life i 'd heard my mom use any variation of the word `` hip '' . 
 `` i can absolutely hook you up . 
 have your measurements changed at all ? 
 i should probably take them again . '' 
 and she pulled a tape measure out of her purse . 
 good dependable sloane . 
 `` oh , how about after dinner ? 
 i 'd rather not do it in front of everyone here . '' 
 mom giggled and patted sloane 's shoulder . 
 sloane laughed and gave my mom another hug . 
 `` and you must be ryder . 
 it 's such a pleasure to meet you . 
 welcome to our home . 
 may i get you anything ? '' 
 ryder swallowed and it took a second for him to respond . 
 i 'd never seen him at a loss for words , so that was a first . 
 `` no , thank you , mrs. clarke . 
 you have a lovely home . '' 
 lucah breathed an audible sigh of relief that ryder had said something normal . 
 `` well , thank you . 
 rory , why do n't you show ryder around ? 
 i want to have a little chat with sloane . 
 it 's been so long since i saw her last . '' 
 mom grabbed onto sloane 's arm and dragged her off , talking about what kind of dress she wanted . 
 `` do you really want the tour ? '' 
 i asked ryder . 
 he looked around and then up at the ceiling . 
 `` i guess . 
 it 's interesting seeing how the one percent lives . '' 
 i knew the one percent comment was a jab at my parents being wealthy , but i ignored it . 
 i might think the same thing if i 'd grown up like lucah and ryder . 
 i 'd probably hate and resent me too . 
 i made the tour quick , and ryder made few comments . 
 `` so you grew up here ? '' 
 he said , fiddling with a lamp in the den , before lucah gave him a harsh look . 
 i did n't think he was going to intentionally damage anything . 
 hell , i 'd grown up here and i was n't the most graceful of people . 
 i 'd broken more things than i could count . 
 my parents never really cared about the stuff as much as i worried they would when i broke it . 
 `` yeah , i did . '' 
 `` just you ? 
 no siblings ? '' 
 `` just me . '' 
 `` huh . '' 
 he nodded and continued his inspection . 
 lucah watched him like a hawk , or a mother with a toddler in a museum . 
 i kind of wished he 'd say something , but he did n't . 
 `` and what 's the verdict ? '' 
 i said as we came back to the main room . 
 ryder shrugged . 
 `` it 's not as insane as i pictured in my head . 
 it 's comfortable , actually . '' 
 i shared a glance with lucah . 
 that was pretty much the nicest thing ryder had ever said to me , so i was going to count it as a victory . 
 mom and sloane were still gabbing away , and i stopped for a minute to watch them . 
 mom always looked younger when she talked to sloane . 
 despite the difference in their ages , they always talked and acted like they were barely a few years apart . 
 lucah cleared his throat and they paused , mid-giggle . 
 `` oh , there you are . 
 your father is just finishing dinner , so if you all want to sit down . '' 
 she motioned toward the chairs , but then guided sloane so she was sitting next to mom , and then ryder next to sloane , with lucah and me on the other side . 
 it was a formal setup , with dad at the head of the table and mom at the other end . 
 there was a completely awkward moment when dad came in with the giant salad bowl . 
 he must have forgotten that ryder was coming , because he looked up and down the table and then almost dropped the salad bowl , but got it on the table in time . 
 `` you must be ryder . 
 it 's nice to finally meet another member of lucah 's family . '' 
 he gave him a handshake , and it could n't have been my imagination that dad winced when he shook ryder 's hand . 
 i 'd have to talk to ryder about that later . 
 `` it 's a honor to meet you , sir . 
 i 've heard great things . '' 
 lay it on thick , why do n't you ? 
 i almost wanted to kick him under the table , but i could n't reach . 
 `` well , i 'm sorry i was n't out here earlier to welcome you . 
 the dinner was proving to be a little finicky . '' 
 mom got up to help dad bring the rest of the plates in . 
 `` i thought he 'd be taller , '' ryder commented as the rest of us unfolded our napkins and put them in our laps . 
 `` i always think people are going to be taller than they turn out to be . '' 
 no one commented , but sloane nudged him to put his napkin in his lap . 
 it was good she sat next to him . 
 i had n't even thought about that part of the equation . 
 i 'd been too worried about him saying the wrong thing . 
 it was lucky for ryder that my parents did n't believe in multiple forks and spoons . 
 the dinner was laid out and plates and bowls were passed and silverware clinked and mom , as per usual , kept the conversation light and constant . 
 she talked mostly to sloane and ryder , and i had to hand it to him , he held his own , and the word f ** k never crossed his lips . 
 he also seemed to have inherited lucah 's knack for playing the part a situation would require . 
 next to me , i felt lucah relaxing and he started chatting with dad instead of constantly watching ryder to make sure he did n't screw up . 
 `` this is one of the best meals i 've had in a long time , sloane 's cooking excluded , '' ryder said as the dessert , little cookie sandwiches with frosting in the middle -lrb- very out of character for my parents , but they were probably trying to do something casual to make ryder feel comfortable -rrb- were passed around and coffee was poured . 
 `` oh , do you have any tea ? 
 i 'm trying to cut back on my caffeine intake , '' i said , and dad went to put the kettle on . 
 `` could i have tea as well ? '' 
 sloane asked , and then ryder said he wanted some , too . 
 it was a little bit adorable . 
 `` so , ryder , how do you like living with your brother again ? '' 
 mom said . 
 uh oh . 
 potential conversational land mine . 
 lucah and i waited for ryder 's response , hoping that this would continue to go well and not burst into flames . 
 `` well , at least this time i have my own room . 
 we used to share one , so that 's an improvement . '' 
 ryder seemed to be more open about the specifics of their childhood than lucah . 
 `` i bet that was fun sometimes , though . '' 
 my mother could make a conversation with just about anyone , but i did n't think she 'd ever conversed with anyone like ryder . 
 ryder shrugged . 
 `` it was at least better than that time we lived in the car . 
 then i did n't have any room . '' 
 what ? 
 lucah had never told me about that . 
 lucah 's eyes narrowed and i could feel him shooting daggers at ryder . 
 mom seemed taken aback , but recovered quickly . 
 i 'd given her a rough outline about lucah and ryder 's childhood and that their parents were dead , so she knew not to ask about that . 
 `` but you have a place to stay now , and a brother that cares about you very much . 
 there are some who do n't have anyone . '' 
 that was true . 
 i was relieved when dad brought the tea in and lightened things up . 
 after that one little hiccup , things went smoothly . 
 we had tea and coffee and then it was time to go . 
 mom and sloane hugged with promises of dress fittings , and dad shook ryder 's hand and winced again while ryder said how beautiful the house was and dad said he was welcome back anytime . 
 and then we got in the car . 
 `` why the f ** k did you talk about living in a car , ryder ? '' 
 lucah said , the second all the doors closed and everyone 's seatbelt was buckled . 
 `` oh , are we saying f ** k again ? 
 good . 
 that was n't easy . '' 
 ryder lay back against the seat and stretched his legs out as much as he could . 
 `` did you hear what i just said ? '' 
 lucah turned in his seat so he could look ryder full in the face . 
 `` yes , i heard you . 
 calm the f ** k down . 
 are you telling me your girlfriend 's parents do n't know about your poorer-than-dirt past ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm just saying that it 's not acceptable dinner conversation and you never should have brought it up . '' 
 he turned back around and started the car . 
 i was n't sure if i 'd ever seen lucah this angry , and i could understand him being upset , but this kind of anger was something else entirely . 
 `` i did n't bring it up ! 
 mrs. clarke did ! 
 why are you freaking out about this ? '' 
 lucah just shook his head and his hands gripped the steering wheel so hard i was getting a little scared . 
 neither sloane nor i said anything , afraid of making it worse . 
 `` just watch your mouth . '' 
 ryder did n't answer and just stared out the window . 
 i waited for a few minutes of silence to pass before i gingerly touched lucah 's arm . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i tried to keep my voice down , but of course everyone heard me . 
 `` fine , '' he snapped , and i took my hand back . 
 `` what the f ** k ? 
 now you 're mad at her ? 
 what did she do ? '' 
 ryder could n't keep his mouth shut anymore . 
 `` shhh , '' sloane said in a feeble attempt to calm the situation so it did n't escalate any more than it already had . 
 lucah did n't answer ryder and just kept his eyes on the road . 
 i looked out the window , and everyone else did the same . 
 the ride back was silent and tense . 
 i could n't wait to get out of the car . 
 lucah got up and let ryder out , and i did the same with sloane . 
 ryder stomped off and sloane followed him , running a little to catch up . 
 lucah pushed the driver 's seat back in place and sat back down , so i did the same . 
 i was n't going anywhere until he told me what the hell was going on . 
 his jaw was hard and his hands clenched the steering wheel again . 
 lucah might have been pissed , but it only took a few moments for him to start thawing . 
 his hands slipped down the steering wheel and his face relaxed . 
 he took one deep breath and then closed his eyes . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` what are you sorry for ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` i 'm sorry for doing that in front of you . 
 i 'm sorry for lashing out at ryder . 
 i 'm sorry for lashing out at you . 
 and i 'm sorry for the way you 're looking at me right now . '' 
 he leaned forward and rested his head on the steering wheel . 
 `` why were you so upset that ryder mentioned living in a car ? '' 
 he lifted his head and sighed . 
 `` it was a knee-jerk reaction . 
 i do n't know , rory . 
 honestly i do n't . 
 i just hate talking about that part of my life and it got me upset seeing ryder being so cavalier about it . 
 i hope your parents did n't notice . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm sure they did n't , '' i lied . 
 my parents were n't born yesterday . 
 but i 'd let lucah believe that little white lie . 
 `` that 's sweet , rory , '' lucah said . 
 `` but i 'm pretty sure they did . '' 
 lucah was n't born yesterday , either . 
 `` i 'll smooth it over . 
 do n't worry about that . 
 are you sure you 're doing okay ? '' 
 i touched his shoulder and he took my hand and kissed it . 
 `` i think so . 
 shit , now i have to deal with ryder . 
 where the hell did they go ? '' 
 he looked over his shoulder , but ryder and sloane were nowhere to be seen . 
 `` let 's go find them . '' 
 lucah gave my hand back , but as soon as we both got out of the car , he took it again . 
 i wanted to ask him again if he was okay , but that might be a thing we could talk about tonight when we shared what was bothering us . 
 we 'd only been doing it for a short time , but i kind of loved it . 
 it took walking through a few levels of the garage before we found sloane and ryder leaning against one of the walls and looking out over the city . 
 `` ryder , '' lucah said , and they both turned . 
 ryder 's face darkened when he saw lucah . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i should n't have done that . '' 
 lucah held his arms open , as if he was coming in peace . 
 ryder shook his head . 
 `` look , i do n't give a shit about your rich girlfriend or her rich family . 
 but do n't ever talk to me like that again . 
 ever . 
 i might be your f ** ked-up little brother , but i 'm an adult . 
 stop talking to me like a child . 
 i 'm getting really sick of it , lucah . 
 do you know the reason i 'm still here ? 
 it 's not to piss you off , or to make your life miserable . 
 i realized , when i woke up in that hospital that you , and tate , you were it . 
 you were the only ones there . 
 mom and dad are gone , and i might not like it , but you 're what i 'm stuck with . '' 
 he shrugged and i could tell it was hard for him to express himself like this . 
 especially in front of sloane and me . 
 i let go of lucah 's hand and nodded my head at sloane , and she followed me a little ways away so they could talk together . 
 brother to brother . 
 `` that was intense , '' sloane said in a low voice so they could n't hear us . 
 `` agreed . 
 i thought they needed a moment alone . '' 
 we might have been trying to ignore what they were saying , but that did n't stop us from watching the interaction . 
 words were said on both sides , but there was no more yelling . 
 lucah still used his hands and ryder made some of the same gestures . 
 must have been a family trait . 
 `` are n't they supposed to punch each other to work out their differences ? '' 
 sloane said . 
 `` that 's what mine always do . 
 but they 're usually really drunk first . '' 
 i 'd heard plenty of those stories . 
 her life was one of those cases of truth being stranger than fiction . 
 it would have made quite a reality show . 
 `` maybe they 're more civilized ? '' 
 sloane gave me a look . 
 `` most men are the same . 
 they revert to cavemen when a football game is on , or some guy hits on their woman , or anyone questions their manhood . 
 it 's primal , '' she said as she stared at ryder with her head tipped to the side as if she found the potential for him to be primal appealing . 
 i had to say , that night when lucah covered me with the sticky notes and declared me his was one of the sexiest nights of my life , so maybe there was something to this primal thing . 
 `` shit , they 're watching us , '' sloane said as both blythe heads turned in our direction and we both tried to pretend that we had n't been eavesdropping on them . 
 `` you can come back now , '' lucah said , waving us over . 
 `` blythe crisis averted . '' 
 i looked at sloane and she shrugged as we walked back over to the boys . 
 `` what no man hug ? '' 
 sloane said to ryder . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` come on , hug it out . '' 
 she bumped ryder 's shoulder and he smiled and his ears went a little red . 
 i turned my attention to lucah . 
 `` what are you waiting for ? '' 
 i said . 
 he just shook his head and then turned to face ryder , his arms outstretched . 
 they hugged , banging each other on the back before releasing each other . 
 `` good enough ? '' 
 ryder asked sloane . 
 `` congrats . 
 you may be a member of the human race , '' she said , patting him on the shoulder . 
 lucah waited for my assessment . 
 `` good hug , mr. blythe . 
 good hug . '' 
 he started laughing and then hugged me , but without the back slapping . 
 he might have knocked the wind out of me if he had . 
 `` i do n't know about anyone else , but i need a f ** king drink , '' ryder said , not taking his eyes off sloane . 
 we were definitely on the same page . 
 `` one drink , '' lucah said , holding up one finger to illustrate his point . 
 ryder glared . 
 `` okay , two . 
 and we 'll take a cab . '' 
 `` do n't get too crazy now , big brother , you might actually have some fun . '' 
 `` i can have fun , '' lucah protested . 
 did n't i know it . 
 we had `` fun '' all the time . 
 `` i 'll believe that when i see it , '' ryder said as we headed for the exit of the parking garage . 
 they bickered all the way down the street to the closest restaurant , but it made my heart swell to see it . 
 for the first time since ryder had moved in with us , they seemed like friends . 
 not just brothers who had to put up with each other . 
 now we just needed to get tate here , and they 'd be one big happy blythe family . 
 that gave me an idea and i immediately texted marisol about it while the guys were getting the second round of shipyard summer ale 's for all of us . 
 it seemed like a beer kind of night . 
 i got an answer back immediately , and if you could squeal with delight via text , she definitely had . 
 now i just had to contact tate and april and see if it was okay with them . 
 the guys came back and we all started in on our second drinks and watched the rest of the patrons . 
 a few women walked by and gave lucah or ryder the eye , but neither guy seemed to notice . 
 ryder did n't seem to see anything but sloane and the fascination was mutual . 
 `` so i may have found an apartment , '' ryder said as he swigged his second drink . 
 lucah looked ready to jump in with something , but then he thought better of it and waited a moment before he responded . 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` it 's actually a block away from yours . 
 it 's a studio , and it 's not much , but i would n't have to share it and i 'd be close . 
 so you could keep an eye on me . '' 
 he was joking about the last part , but the fact that lucah 's previous occupation was keeping an eye on people made me wonder if he was being serious . 
 i also noticed a little smile on sloane 's face at the fact that ryder would be nearby . 
 `` and where are you going to get the money for this apartment ? '' 
 lucah could n't resist asking . 
 ryder 's eyes narrowed a fraction , and i wanted to sit back so i could avoid the explosion that it looked like was about to happen . 
 but then he shifted , and took another sip of his beer and set it down , tracing his finger around the lip of the bottle . 
 `` i have some money set aside . 
 an emergency fund , if you will . 
 i have enough for first month 's rent and the security deposit . 
 but after that , i 've got nothing . 
 so maybe , you could , uh ... '' the table started moving because his knee was jiggling up and down and kept knocking into the underside of the table . 
 i 'd never seen ryder so nervous . 
 `` a loan ? 
 do you need a loan ? '' 
 lucah said , finishing ryder 's sentence so he did n't have to keep floundering . 
 `` a loan , '' ryder said , nodding . 
 `` i 'll pay you back , with interest . 
 you know i will . '' 
 as far as i knew , this was the first time ryder had asked lucah for money . 
 lucah had offered it before , but ryder had always turned it down . 
 `` you do n't have to pay me interest . 
 you 're my brother . 
 how much do you need ? '' 
 though the light was dim , ryder 's pink ears were noticeable . 
 `` maybe this is n't something we should discuss right now . 
 money seems to be a touchy subject , '' ryder said with a tiny smile . 
 you could say that again . 
 `` sure . 
 just let me know . 
 i 'm always here for you , no matter what . '' 
 lucah clasped ryder 's shoulder and my eyes got misty , but i ducked my head to wipe them so no one would see . 
 we moved to talk about other things , and ryder started telling stories about shenanigans he and lucah used to get into . 
 i knew it was hard for lucah to hear about those things , but i held his hand under the table and he started laughing , and interrupting ryder when he felt he was n't telling the story right , or adding his own comments . 
 they both had sloane and me in stiches . 
 so much so that it felt like i 'd done hundreds of crunches . 
 between the sex and the laughter , i never needed to go to the gym . 
 best workout ever . 
 we were all a little loose from the alcohol as we took a cab back to our respective apartments . 
 `` i think i 'm going to give you some privacy . 
 i 'll just be using sloane 's computer to fill out job applications , '' ryder said as i unlocked the door . 
 `` job applications ? '' 
 lucah said , one eyebrow raised . 
 this was quite a change from just a few days ago . 
 `` okay , so i might screw around a little bit and then fill out some job applications . '' 
 `` that 's more like it , '' lucah said as ryder and sloane walked back to her place . 
 sloane 's giggle echoed down the hallway . 
 lucah turned to me and put his arms around my waist . 
 `` we have the place to ourselves , miss clarke . '' 
 i snaked my arms around his neck . 
 `` it seems that we do , mr. blythe . 
 whatever shall we do with our entirely empty apartment ? '' 
 his answer was to lean down and kiss me . 
 23 monday morning i was exhausted from the excitement of the day before , but then i had to deal with my work problems instead of my home problems . 
 it was back to worrying about the board and what other slimy things they were up to next . 
 the only way to put this to rest was to call a vote , have dad win that vote , and impeach hal as head of the board . 
 that would require us to have a majority of the stockholders and board members on our side . 
 it only needed to be 51 percent , and that would do it . 
 that was the easy part . 
 the hard part was convincing 51 percent of those people that we were in the right . 
 when dad said that he was handling things that was probably what he meant . 
 at least i hoped so . 
 my father was n't the kind of man who would get involved in something illegal to save his position . 
 still , i needed to talk to him and see what his plan was . 
 he 'd told me numerous times that he did n't want me involved and so on and so forth , but i was part of this company . 
 a vice president . 
 in this instance , he could n't treat me like his daughter . 
 he had to treat me like one of his colleagues . 
 i was n't taking no for an answer this time . 
 so i marched myself right toward his office and asked mrs. andrews if he was in . 
 i was hoping to catch him before he got fully immersed in work mode . 
 mrs. andrews could tell i was on a mission , so she told me to go right in . 
 i did knock first , and wait for him to tell me i could enter . 
 he was in the midst of hanging up the phone , but he smiled when he saw me . 
 `` rory , i 'm surprised to see you today . 
 it 's a rare treat for me to see you two days in a row . '' 
 he chuckled and i sat down , trying to keep my stern face on . 
 that was hard to do with your father , no matter how old you were . 
 `` dad , i 'm here to ask if you know anything more about what i told you on friday . 
 about the board asking violet to spy for them . '' 
 he sat back and shook his head . 
 `` no , no , i do n't . 
 but it 's only monday morning . 
 i have n't really had time to deal with that yet . '' 
 that made sense . 
 `` okay , well , what else are you doing about the board and their effort to take over ? 
 i want to know . 
 i need to know . '' 
 i was not above begging . 
 he waited for a moment and then sighed deeply like he would when i 'd ask for a pony for christmas every year before i hit puberty . 
 but this was n't a pony . 
 `` rory ... '' he said in a tone that i did n't like . 
 `` it 's complicated . '' 
 `` not really . 
 they want to vote you out . 
 they need a majority of stockholders to do that . 
 but if you can get the majority on your side , then you can force the vote and take the rug out from under them . 
 plus , i think we need to get rid of hal . 
 i have the sneaking suspicion that he 's behind all this . '' 
 he was at least behind the attempted bribery of violet . 
 `` whoa , rory , i think we need to take a step back . '' 
 `` this is not the time to be cautious , walter . 
 we have to fight for this company . 
 they 're trying to take it away from us . '' 
 i could n't sit anymore , so i sprung to my feet , and so did he . 
 `` do n't you think i know what i 'm fighting for ? 
 i know , rory . 
 i 've built this company from the ground up . 
 other than you or your mother , i do n't love anything more . 
 i have given my life to this , and i 'll be damned if i 'm going to let someone try to take that away . '' 
 his face was red and his eyes seared into mine . 
 i had n't seen this side of him in a long time , and then only when we were in the boardroom . 
 i opened my mouth to say something , but he stopped me . 
 `` but you have to let me do this my way . 
 i know i 'm treating you unfairly , and i 'm sorry . 
 you might be my coworker , but you are also my daughter and i ca n't separate that . 
 that 's probably why children should n't work for their parents , but there you are . 
 my need to protect you outweighs my need to inform you . 
 now you can be mad at me , but that 's the way things are , and i 'm sorry . '' 
 he sat down in his chair . 
 or more like he flopped down into his chair , as if the stress and pressure had become too much . 
 i sunk down in my own chair and tried to think of what to say . 
 he might have been wrong , but i could n't fault him for how he felt . 
 it was sweet , in a way . 
 and probably unethical . 
 if hal found out , he 'd use that against dad as well as anything else he 'd dug up . 
 thank goodness violet had n't given him anything . 
 especially about lucah and me . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i finally said , because it seemed like the right thing . 
 one of those phrases you used when you did n't know what else to say . 
 `` no , i 'm the one who 's sorry . 
 sorry this whole thing happened in the first place . 
 if i had just - '' he rested his head in his hands . 
 oh no . 
 not another person taking on responsibility for something they should n't . 
 i had enough of those in my life already . 
 `` walter , '' i said , which made him look up . 
 `` you and i both know that 's not a productive line of thinking and wo n't accomplish anything , or help anyone . '' 
 he sighed again . 
 `` i know , rory . 
 i know . 
 that was just me throwing myself a little pity party . 
 probably should n't have done that in front of you , but i 'm having kind of a rough time right now , if you could n't tell . '' 
 his voice broke on the last few words and he looked like he was about to cry . 
 i got up and hugged him , putting my arms around his neck like i did when i was little and he would swing me around . 
 those days were long over , but sometimes i wished i could be little again , and ride on his shoulders . 
 just for a little while . 
 `` thank you , rory . 
 i needed that . '' 
 he rubbed my arms . 
 `` i do n't want you to worry , but i do want you to be prepared . 
 there will be something happening at the next board meeting , if you understand my meaning . '' 
 i did . 
 i tried to ask a question , but he put his hand up to stop me . 
 `` this is hopefully going to be over very soon and then things can get back to normal . '' 
 `` normal , '' i said . 
 i did n't know what that was anymore . 
 my normal had vanished a long time ago . 
 besides . 
 normal had been exceedingly boring . 
 `` right , normal . 
 so do n't worry about your old dad and get back to work , okay ? '' 
 i gave him one last squeeze before letting him go . 
 `` okay , dad . '' 
 i left his office not knowing how i felt . 
 i 'd gone for answers , but i did n't have many when i left . 
 the most important , however , was that something was going down at the next board meeting , which was only a few days away . 
 i walked slowly back to my office , wondering . 
 lately it seemed that when i wanted answers , all i got were more questions . 
 but i had a stack of messages and three projects to approve and lucah 's app to look over and a thousand other things that would n't wait . 
 i did my best to try to manage all i could , but i was floundering . 
 even lilia 's help was n't enough , and for the first time in a very long time , i felt like i was in over my head . 
 it made me think about the early days , when i was young and green and had no idea what i was doing , but was given responsibility that i felt i was n't ready for . 
 i 'd been so stressed every day , and i barely slept the first two years . 
 still , those had been some of the best years because i 'd learned by screwing up and then fixing my mistakes . 
 baptism by fire . 
 but now i was feeling like it was too much . 
 like i just did n't have the capabilities of dealing with my everyday tasks . 
 i was taking a five-minute mental break by closing my eyes and massaging my temples when lilia brought me some decaf . 
 i 'd gotten down to drinking every other cup of coffee as decaf . 
 `` i 'm sorry i ca n't put any booze in there . 
 you look like you need it , '' she said , sitting down without me even asking her to stay . 
 her comment made me laugh . 
 i wished i could drink in the office , but then i might get even less done . 
 `` do you ever feel like life is too much to handle ? '' 
 i said , sipping the coffee and burning my tongue . 
 `` all the time . 
 but my mother always said that the good lord does n't give you more than you can handle . '' 
 she switched into a southern accent for the last part of her statement , which made me give her a look . 
 `` my mother is originally from georgia , but thankfully i was raised in connecticut so i did n't get the accent . '' 
 `` good advice , but hard to follow when you feel like you 're suffocating . '' 
 `` have you ever thought about seeing someone ? '' 
 she arranged her skirt so she did n't have to look at me when she said it . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said . 
 ryder 's stories about his farting therapist had sort of turned me off to the whole idea , but i knew that sloane and lucah had both been helped by talking to a professional . 
 it was surprising how many people i knew had sought professional help at some time in their lives . 
 `` might not hurt . 
 just my two cents . 
 and if you need anything-for me to set up an appointment , or lighten your workload , anything-that 's what i 'm here for . 
 this probably is n't my place to say , but you suck at delegating . 
 here is a list of things you do that i could take off your plate and do myself and you could just look over when i 'm finished . '' 
 she pulled the list out of her pocket . 
 wow . 
 she was prepared . 
 i looked down the list , and i had to admit that she was right . 
 i had the tendency to think that no one could do a project as well as i could do it myself . 
 i 'd been to seminars and so forth about working in groups , and i 'd even gotten a certificate , but old habits died hard . 
 `` this all looks fine . 
 thank you for being the best assistant i 've ever had . '' 
 `` really ? 
 even though i do n't perform sexual favors ? '' 
 she 'd really changed from that timid girl whose voice shook whenever she spoke and had the wide doe eyes , to a sassy and confident woman who was n't afraid to tell me what to do . 
 `` you ca n't have everything , '' i said , handing the list back to her . 
 `` and really , thank you . '' 
 she nodded and went back to her desk while i finished my coffee . 
 i texted lucah before lunch , asking if he wanted to maybe meet with me and eat together . 
 i needed my daily dose of lucah . 
 if there was anything that helped with my stress level , it was seeing him . 
 he messaged me back right away and said that he could meet me at a little bistro two blocks away . 
 perfect . 
 now i had something to look forward to . 
 the moment i realized that i was n't looking forward to my workday hit me like a lightning bolt . 
 i loved my job , but the actual day-to-day had become something i did n't enjoy . 
 it was too hard to come here and be separated from lucah , and be worried about dad losing his job or me losing my job , or someone else turning against me , or something else going wrong . 
 it was like walking through a minefield . 
 each step was exhausting . 
 i was exhausted . 
 `` is something wrong ? '' 
 lucah said the second he saw me . 
 i did n't have the energy to hide my emotions . 
 not with him . 
 `` i 'm so tired , lucah . 
 it 's all too much . '' 
 i put my head in my hands like dad had earlier . 
 `` what is , sunshine ? 
 talk to me . '' 
 he reached out and tried to tug my face so i would look at him . 
 his beloved face , so twisted with concern made my heart ache . 
 `` i just ... life is just a lot to handle right now , that 's all . 
 i 'm having a bit of a hard time . '' 
 i was able to hold a lot of the tears back , but a few escape and raced each other down my face . 
 lucah picked up a napkin and wiped them away . 
 `` is it everything with ryder ? 
 because he 's moving out really soon and then we 'll have our place - '' i shook my head to stop him . 
 `` it 's not ryder , specifically . 
 it 's everything . 
 it 's work , and worrying about dad , and hoping that ryder does n't go down the deep end again , and wondering what 's happening with him and sloane , and everything with violet . 
 then there 's you and i love you so much and sometimes it scares me . 
 it 's everything . '' 
 `` shh , '' he said , wiping some more tears . 
 `` it 's going to be okay . 
 you 're the strongest woman i know , apart from my own mother . 
 you 've taken on so much at a young age , and you 're always so worried about everyone else . 
 you just care so damn much , sunshine . '' 
 i did . 
 i did care too much . 
 it was one of my flaws . 
 `` but i would n't have you any other way , because you 're the woman i fell in love with . 
 and it scares me because i 'm afraid that all this caring is going to hurt you , break you . 
 it 's too much for one person to handle . '' 
 i had to nod because he was right . 
 `` i 'm okay , lucah . 
 i promise . 
 i just need a reminder once in awhile . 
 good thing i have you around . 
 what would i do without you ? '' 
 more than anything else , losing my job , everything , losing him was at the top of the list of things i was scared about . 
 `` oh , you 'd be just fine . 
 i 'm the one who would n't survive . '' 
 he got to his feet and took my hands and pulled me up to mine . 
 i had no idea what he was doing . 
 `` dance with me , '' he said , putting his hand around my waist . 
 soft music was playing in the restaurant , but it was n't the kind for dancing , really . 
 it did n't matter . 
 `` i would be honored , mr. blythe . '' 
 i put my other hand on his shoulder and rested my head against his chest and we started to sway . 
 people around were probably talking , and we were definitely blocking the path to the bathroom , but we did n't care . 
 lucah hummed a tune in my ear that i did n't know , but it was nice , so we danced to that instead of the crappy piano music being piped through the restaurant . 
 he spun me out like we had at the ball , and even though i did n't have a gown on , i twirled and imagined i did as he pulled me back in and dipped me , nearly hitting my head on the edge of the table . 
 `` sorry . 
 i 'm not used to dancing in a confined space , '' lucah said , pulling me up as i laughed . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i do n't mind . '' 
 we swayed a little more and i could feel the eyes of the entire place on us . 
 not all of the looks were complimentary , and i wanted to shoot those people a chosen finger , but i did n't . 
 the waitress came with our food and we had to sit down , but lucah gave me a kiss on the side of my head before letting go of my hand and sitting across from me . 
 we ate and i slipped off my shoes and we played footsies under the table and before dessert he made me get up and dance again . 
 i swore i heard someone gagging while they sat at the bar , but i definitely ignored it . 
 `` are you happier now ? '' 
 lucah said , as we held hands and walked back toward the office . 
 `` always when i 'm with you . 
 even when we 're fighting . 
 there 's nowhere else i 'd rather be . '' 
 he hummed the song we 'd danced to and i asked him what it was . 
 `` oh , nothing . '' 
 i asked him again , but he would n't answer me . 
 it seemed silly , but i let it go . 
 i was feeling much better , and even though i had to go back to work , i was lighter and the pressure was n't suffocating me as much . 
 maybe i should see a professional . 
 it probably was n't normal or healthy to stress as much as i did . 
 i 'd always gotten away with it because i had a high stress job . 
 and my parents had always let me get away with it , probably because i was an only child . 
 they did n't have another kid to compare me to , so whatever i did probably seemed normal , for the most part . 
 and sloane . 
 she 'd always let me get away with it as well , and for the most part she 'd ignored me , or just waited until i was done with my freaking . 
 royce . 
 he 'd always told me that i was a drama queen . 
 i 'd hated him every time he 'd told me that and it was shocking how many times he said it and how many times it made me want to punch him . 
 why on earth had i dated him ? 
 i could n't see a single reason anymore . 
 but it was true . 
 i 'd been surrounded by enablers nearly my entire life . 
 i thought about enablers and worrying the rest of the day , and even when lucah and i rode the t home . 
 he probably sensed that i was thinking too much and let me for a while . 
 it was almost magical how he could sense my needs . 
 `` i love you , '' i said , leaning against him as we walked back up to the street from the underground world of the subway tunnels . 
 `` i know . 
 and i love you , too . 
 i will never ever get tired of saying it . 
 so do you want to talk about what 's been occupying your thoughts ? 
 or do you want me to bring up something else ? '' 
 that actually reminded me of the text i 'd sent marisol , which was a much happier subject , and one i would n't mind discussing . 
 `` actually , i have something . 
 i was thinking that we should invite tate and april to marisol 's benefit . 
 it would be great if we could get all the blythe men together . 
 since things are going well now and all . '' 
 i waited to see what his reaction would be . 
 `` i think ... '' he said , keeping me in suspense for a moment , `` i think that 's a great idea and i wish i would have thought of it . 
 the tickets are expensive though . 
 and with them having a new baby - '' i interrupted him . 
 `` already taken care of . 
 i got their tickets when i got ours . 
 i hope they do n't think that 's charity . 
 well , charity for charity . '' 
 i started giggling and could n't stop . 
 the stress had really gotten to me and i was at the point where things that were n't normally funny became funny . 
 lucah chuckled with me , but it was n't as humorous to him . 
 `` i 'll explain it to them . 
 i do n't think they 'll mind . '' 
 good . 
 a grin spread on his face . 
 `` look at you , trying to put my family back together . 
 where were you back when we were falling apart ? '' 
 i made a face like i was really thinking about it . 
 `` sitting around and waiting for you to find me . '' 
 i 'd been working . 
 working and hanging out with sloane and marisol and chloe . 
 having dinners with my parents . 
 earlier , i 'd been wasting my time with king douchebag . 
 other than that , what did i do with myself ? 
 not much of consequence . 
 `` no , you 're not the kind of girl who sits around and waits . 
 i wish i would have found you sooner . 
 but you might not have liked me very much . 
 ryder is a prince compared to how i was . 
 remember how i said i 'm an ass ** le on that first night ? 
 i was an ass ** le all the time . 
 it was ... it was a bad time for me . '' 
 it was so hard to imagine him any different than he was now . 
 but it would probably be hard for him to imagine me the same way . 
 not that i had changed much over the years . 
 or at least i did n't think so . 
 i was more of a bitch than i used to be , that was for sure . 
 my attitude had been honed over several years of dealing with bs . 
 i also hoped i 'd grown wiser , and i knew for a fact that i had better fashion sense . 
 most of that was due to sloane , though . 
 `` now you 're making me feel bad that i do n't have a time machine to go back and be with you , '' i said . 
 `` if i could make it happen for you , i would . '' 
 i spent the rest of the walk back to our place thinking about time machines , which was a nice change from worrying and stressing . 
 tate and april agreed to the charity event , and were over the moon that they did n't have to buy tickets . 
 i chatted a bit with april on the phone , and she started talking about dresses and so on and how they 'd have to get someone to watch the girls . 
 `` you have no idea how long it has been since i had adult time . 
 the only downside is the not drinking . 
 i 'd kill for a glass of wine . 
 literally . 
 would kill . '' 
 she really wanted some wine . 
 `` well , i ca n't do anything about the wine , but i can help you with the night out part . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` that 's as good as it 's going to get , i suppose . 
 still , it will be nice , even if i ca n't have wine . '' 
 we talked some more about dresses and shoes and everything was all set . 
 we had two and a half weeks until the event , but there was one thing standing in the way of my enjoyment of getting to go . 
 friday . 
 the board meeting . 
 dad had said he wanted to warn me , but really all he 'd done was set me into panic mode . 
 i did a lot better than i would have before a few months ago , but i still was n't able to put it out of my mind completely . 
 sex was really the only time when my thoughts were consumed by something else . 
 as a result , i could n't keep my hands off lucah . 
 ryder had turned a corner and could often be found borrowing one of our laptops to fill out job applications , and he was always off for interviews and so forth . 
 lucah and i both helped him with his resume . 
 as a result of having to leave off so much of his work experience because he 'd gotten fired from so many jobs , we padded it a little with his other skills . 
 `` is saying ` fuck ' a skill ? 
 because i 'm f ** king good at that , '' he said one afternoon as i was checking it , yet again . 
 i was typing and he kept hovering over my shoulder and making comments . 
 it was beyond irritating . 
 `` sorry , but no . 
 you must have some skills from all the jobs you 've had . '' 
 he thought about that for a moment before answering . 
 `` i gave my friend a tattoo once . 
 it came out pretty good . '' 
 i turned my head to look at him to see if he was serious . 
 `` so you want to be a tattoo artist ? '' 
 he shrugged one shoulder . 
 `` no , i 'm just pointing out that i could be a tattoo artist . '' 
 i stared at him for a minute . 
 `` never mind . 
 uh , i rigged up a buddy 's videogame system to play in his bathroom . '' 
 okay , that was somewhat impressive , so i changed the wording a little and added it to the list of skills . 
 i also really wanted to see this bathroom videogame system . 
 `` genius . '' 
 he gave me a fist bump and i was reminded a bit of his brother . 
 they were so much alike sometimes . 
 `` what are we fist bumping ? '' 
 lucah said , coming over with three cups of coffee . 
 `` your woman making my resume seem much less pathetic than it actually is . 
 she 's not just a hot piece of ass . '' 
 before lucah could reprimand him , i reached over my shoulder and grabbed hold of ryder 's ear and pinched it between my fingers . 
 `` jesus f ** king christ ! '' 
 he said , wiggling to get away . 
 lucah just laughed . 
 `` you asked for it . '' 
 i finally let go and gave him a look that i hoped he understood . 
 `` rip my ear off , why do n't you ? '' 
 he said , rubbing it . 
 `` next time i will . 
 you keep your smart mouth to yourself . '' 
 `` yes , miss clarke , '' he said in a mocking tone . 
 `` watch it , '' lucah said , pointing at him . 
 `` fuck you , '' ryder said . 
 and that was the end of that . 
 sloane and ryder still could n't take their eyes off each other , but they did n't appear to be taking things any further than that . 
 i almost asked sloane about it a dozen times , but i kept my mouth shut . 
 i 'd tried meddling before and that had crashed and burned , so i was going to stay out of it as much as possible . 
 lucah and i kept to our new ritual of sharing the things that bothered us before we went to sleep . 
 they varied from me being irritated that he did n't clean the sink after he shaved , to him being annoyed by one of the other software developers ' mouth breathing tendencies , to me being bugged by the board of directors . 
 that was my key annoyance . 
 actually , it went beyond annoyance . 
 i was pissed off about the whole thing , and had been for a while . 
 it was going to take everything in me to keep my mouth shut at that meeting if dad did what i had the feeling he was going to do . 
 the work days seemed endless , but finally friday dawned . 
 cold , rainy and miserable , but at least it matched my mood . 
 `` are you nervous ? '' 
 lucah said as he did my hair in a power twist and i slipped on my favorite red heels . 
 `` does a bear shit in the woods ? '' 
 he met my eyes in the mirror and laughed . 
 `` what ? 
 i heard ryder say it the other day and i decided to add it to my verbal repertoire . '' 
 lucah just shook his head and added a few more pins until my hair was hurricane-proof . 
 `` you 're going to be fine . 
 no , better than fine . 
 you 're going to be magnificent . '' 
 he rested his chin on my shoulder . 
 `` magnificent ? 
 such high praise . '' 
 i turned my head and he kissed my cheek . 
 `` you are . '' 
 magnificence aside , i was nervous as hell , and jittery from lack of sleep the night before . 
 part of me wished dad had n't told me about the meeting at all . 
 i 'd almost rather be caught unaware than be in the emotional place i was . 
 he 'd given me just enough information to worry over , but not enough to be comforting . 
 `` i wish i could crawl into that head of yours and reassure you . '' 
 lucah said , tapping the top of my head . 
 `` that sounds both painful and invasive , '' i said as i went to grab my purse and lucah his briefcase . 
 ryder waved goodbye from the couch , where he had a bowl of cereal perched on his stomach and was flipping through the channels . 
 `` have fun at work , kids , '' he said , waving . 
 `` do n't break anything , '' lucah said as we closed the door . 
 i could n't have gotten through the day without lilia . 
 she made a list of the things i needed to do and kept sending me emails reminding me of each thing while keeping me thoroughly supplied with decaf . 
 i was hoping for the placebo effect since any coffee would probably be bad for me in my current state . 
 i thought about going to see dad and asking him if he could fill me in , but i did n't want to put any more pressure on him than he was already under . 
 i just wanted it to be over . 
 for me to go back to enjoying work , and for dad to go back to looking healthy and happy . 
 that was all i wanted . 
 `` it 's time , '' lilia said , knocking on my door when it was time to go to the meeting . 
 she 'd offered to come , since i probably would n't be in a position to take any notes . 
 violet was also coming from her office and she smiled when she saw me . 
 lilia slipped past me to take her seat . 
 `` how are things going ? '' 
 violet said as a few other people trickled past us to sit down . 
 `` oh , you know , '' i said with a shrug . 
 `` how are things with you ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` same old , same old . '' 
 we both seemed to be trying to keep things on a business level . 
 `` cute shoes . '' 
 `` thanks , yours are gorgeous . '' 
 she turned her foot and let me admire the yellow pumps with little bows on them . 
 more people filed past , saying hello and greeting me . 
 i kept a smile on my face , even when hal walked by . 
 i smiled so much it hurt . 
 i 'd kill those bastards with kindness . 
 i 'd drown them in it . 
 `` well , we should probably go in , '' violet said , motioning to the room . 
 `` right , '' i said , and she walked in and took her seat and i took mine next to lilia . 
 lucah was n't here , and i wished -lrb- in addition to the time machine -rrb- that i had a way to beam him up from his office so he could be with me . 
 not because i could n't do this on my own , but just to have him here . 
 my security boyfriend . 
 this time another member of the board , mr. buckley , called the meeting to order . 
 i tried not to stare at dad , but it was hard . 
 mr. buckley read the minutes of the last meeting and then the agenda for this meeting . 
 nothing earth-shattering . 
 it was an absolutely normal meeting , which we actually had n't had in a while . 
 but then hal cleared his throat and stood up . 
 i tried to keep my face impassive , but i was n't sure if i did very well . 
 `` before we get to that , i think we need to address something . '' 
 dad 's face was grim when i turned my head to look at him . 
 this was it . 
 everyone else 's attention snapped to hal and there were several looks of confusion , but most looked like they 'd expected this . 
 of course they had , they 'd planned it . 
 `` as everyone is aware , this company has been through a lot recently , and some of the stockholders and members of the board are wondering if this ... unpleasantness could have been prevented . '' 
 hal walked from his chair to the front of the room . 
 he passed by me and i had the overwhelming urge to back my chair up and trip him . 
 but i refrained . 
 lilia scribbled something on her legal pad and pushed it toward me . 
 i had a momentary flashback of doing the same thing with lucah . 
 but that was a completely different situation . 
 what 's going on ? 
 i took my eyes off hal for the two seconds it took for me to scrawl a response . 
 wait and see . 
 hal was continuing to go on about how the company had been through a lot and the importance of leadership and so on and so forth . 
 just get to the f ** king point . 
 `` this company was founded by walter clarke and he 's been our fearless leader for many years , but , as i said , some feel that it is time for him to pass the torch to someone else . '' 
 he was about to continue when another voice cut through the room . 
 `` no . '' 
 24 dad stood up and the attention instantly switched from hal to him . 
 lilia inhaled sharply , sensing the shift . 
 `` hal , i know what you 're trying to do , and i 'm going to ask you not to do it . 
 this is n't the way . 
 i 've known you for over half my life and i 'm asking you not to do this . '' 
 i 'd been looking at dad , but i had to stop . 
 he was n't talking to hal marksman , member of the board of directors . 
 he was talking to his friend hal that he went golfing with and whose wife was friends with his wife and with whom he had shared numerous trials and tribulations . 
 `` walter , you know this is n't personal . 
 this is for the good of the company . '' 
 `` the good of the company ? 
 really , hal ? 
 this is my company . 
 i am this company . 
 everyone in this room is . 
 we would n't be where we are without each and every one of you . 
 yes , we have been through a lot , and we have put measures in place to ensure nothing like this ever happens again . 
 everyone in this room is part of that . 
 so let 's drop this and move on . 
 move forward . '' 
 he was giving hal an out . 
 to get out without things getting ugly . 
 i held my breath and hoped hal would take it . 
 i did a quick scan around the room with my eyes , trying to judge what everyone else thought , but i could n't tell . 
 hal cleared his throat again . 
 `` we 're past that point already , walter . 
 we need to take action now . 
 if you do n't voluntarily step down , we will have to vote you out . 
 it 's come to that . '' 
 hal was n't going to budge . 
 it was as if everyone in the entire room was holding their collective breaths . 
 dad shook his head sadly . 
 `` well , good luck , hal . 
 i already have the majority of stockholders on my side . 
 if you call a vote , you will lose , and then i will be forced to call a vote and impeach you . 
 please do n't make me have to do that . 
 you will lose and you 're a valuable member of this company and a friend . 
 do n't end it like this . '' 
 for the first time since he spoke , hal was speechless . 
 he had n't counted on that . 
 dad continued . 
 `` i also happen to know you 've done some backhanded things to try to win votes over to your side . 
 i am willing to overlook those things if you are willing to drop this now , and let us never speak of it again . 
 that 's my offer . 
 take it or leave it . '' 
 he spread his arms out and waited . 
 a range of emotions crossed over hal 's face . 
 anger , betrayal , irritation , shock . 
 none of them were good . 
 he coughed again and shook his head . 
 dad seemed to ignore hal . 
 `` in light of what has just happened , i think this calls for an emergency meeting on monday to further discuss what has been brought to light today . 
 i expect everyone in this room to be there and if some major changes , including those in staff , need to be made . '' 
 dad scanned the room , making eye contact with each and every person in the room , even me before he sat down . 
 hal 's voice broke the silence following dad 's speech . 
 `` this is n't the end of this , walter . 
 for now , it will be . 
 but this is n't over . '' 
 that was a threat if i 'd ever heard one . 
 something told me that dad and hal 's relationship would never be the same after today . 
 it was a shame . 
 they 'd been such close friends for so long . 
 i 'd only been friends with sloane since college and losing her would be like losing one of my arms . 
 hal and dad sat back down and there was the largest silence i 'd ever experienced in my life . 
 someone coughed and then mr. buckley cleared his throat and tried to get the meeting back on track . 
 as if the previous incident had n't happened . 
 it took a moment , but soon everyone was back in meeting mode . 
 except me , of course . 
 and hal . 
 and dad . 
 i kept trying to catch his eye , but he would n't look at me . 
 lilia passed me another note . 
 holy crap ! 
 that was basically my feeling on the matter . 
 now that the moment of crisis was over , all i wanted to do was talk to dad and make sure he was okay . 
 the minutes dragged and dragged , and i had to stop checking the clock because it never seemed to move . 
 lilia was taking notes , and i hoped she could fill me in on what was going on , because everything i was supposed to be paying attention to was just a blur of powerpoint slides and words and numbers and percentages . 
 it seemed like i had entered some sort of alternate universe where time stood still . 
 or maybe the same minute was repeating itself over and over . 
 groundhog minute . 
 `` well , that 's , uh , all we have for today . 
 have a good weekend everyone . '' 
 mr. buckley seemed beyond relieved that the meeting was over , and i had to agree with him . 
 i tried to get to dad , but he was attacked by several other board members , not including hal , who left with a group of other members who all had pissed expressions . 
 that must be the anti-walter clarke group . 
 i made a mental note on each of them for future reference . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 lilia said as she tugged at my sleeve . 
 i nodded . 
 i did n't want to talk about anything when there were so many ears that could hear . 
 i was n't going to be able to talk to dad right away , but i finally caught his eye and he nodded . 
 i hoped that meant i could go see him later because we definitely needed to talk . 
 `` that was interesting , '' violet said as she walked by me . 
 that was one word for it . 
 `` yeah , do you want to go back to my office and discuss it ? '' 
 i had to talk to someone , and lilia and violet seemed like the only ones , apart from lucah , i could talk to . 
 `` great idea , '' violet said and we quickly exited and went to my office where i shut , and then locked , the door . 
 `` what the hell just happened ? '' 
 violet said as i sat down at my desk . 
 lilia leaned against the table with the water pitcher and glasses on it , and violet took the seat across from me . 
 `` i mean , did you know that was going to happen ? '' 
 she asked me . 
 i considered for a moment what to tell them . 
 it was so hard to trust anyone at this place anymore . 
 but when i looked at lilia and violet , i decided that these were two of the people i could . 
 `` yes and no . 
 i knew there was going to be some kind of confrontation , but i did n't know it would be like that . '' 
 nothing could have prepared me for that , which was probably why dad did n't tell me much . 
 `` i 've never seen anything like that , '' lilia said . 
 `` i thought they were going to start punching each other . '' 
 me too . 
 `` so what now ? '' 
 lilia said , folding and unfolding her arms . 
 `` that is a good question i do n't have the answer to , '' i said . 
 for that i 'd have to talk to dad . 
 i could n't imagine he and hal could go back to working together like they had before , but what did i know ? 
 maybe dad could convince him to step back to avoid any excess drama . 
 now that hal knew he did n't have the upper hand , he might be more willing to back out while he still could . 
 `` batshit crazy , '' violet said , shaking her head . 
 `` oh , sorry for the language . '' 
 `` no , no . 
 it was warranted , '' i said . 
 i 'd gotten almost completely desensitized to cursing because of ryder . 
 also , because i was a frequent user of said words . 
 `` i really need to go talk to my dad , '' i said , looking at the door . 
 the other two seemed to be lost in thought . 
 `` oh , sure . 
 of course . 
 i 'm going to go back to my office . 
 would you mind letting me know what you find out ? 
 i 'm rooting for team clarke . '' 
 i had to laugh about that comment . 
 `` absolutely , i 'll let know what i find out , '' i said and violet went back to her office . 
 `` need a therapy session ? 
 just call me , '' lilia said and left as well . 
 before i marched myself down to dad 's office , i decided to call first . 
 `` hello , rory . 
 i think i can guess why you 're calling , '' mrs. andrews said . 
 `` i 'm sure . 
 is he available ? '' 
 `` hold on dear , let me check . '' 
 she set the phone down and i waited for her to come back . 
 `` come right on over , '' she said and i hung up and walked briskly down the hall . 
 his door was open , but he motioned for me to close it when i walked in . 
 i had n't seen his face so grim since we 'd found out about his friend -lrb- and my former assistant -rrb- sal 's ailing mind . 
 `` i 'm sorry you had to see that , '' he said , scrubbing his face with his hands . 
 `` i wish i could have shielded you from it , but there was n't any way . 
 i knew it was going to be ugly , but i thought if i gave them an out , they 'd take it . 
 this is going to tear the company apart . 
 not to mention the relationships i 've built over so many years - '' his voice broke and he bent over , his back heaving with sobs . 
 my heart shattered and i could n't do anything else but get up and put my arms around him . 
 `` i 'm sorry , rory . 
 i did n't think it was going to be this hard . 
 how could they do this to me ? '' 
 he raised his head and i grabbed tissue from the box on his desk and blotted his eyes . 
 i 'd been doing that a lot lately for those i loved . 
 we 'd certainly found a lot of reasons to cry . 
 `` i do n't know , daddy . 
 i wish you did n't have to go through this . 
 i wish i could fire them all for you . '' 
 that made him laugh and he took another tissue and blew his nose . 
 i rubbed his shoulder , wishing i could do more than hand him tissues . 
 wished that words were like magic and could fix everything . 
 `` you do n't have to do that , but thanks for the offer . 
 i had a brief image of whacking hal with a golf club , but the club would probably break on his hard skull . '' 
 we both laughed this time . 
 `` so many years and he could turn on me like that . 
 makes it hard to trust people , does n't it ? '' 
 `` you can trust me , '' i said , tossing the tissues in the wastebasket . 
 he cupped my cheek . 
 `` i know , sweetheart . 
 i trust you above everyone else . 
 and not only because you 're my daughter . 
 sometimes it 's astounding that i get to call myself your father . 
 i 'm a blessed man indeed . '' 
 he managed to smile and i smiled as well . 
 i was blessed to get to call him my dad . 
 i had so many amazing men in my life . 
 how did i get so lucky ? 
 it made me think of lucah , and how he 'd lost his parents , but at least he still had ryder and tate . 
 and me . 
 he 'd always have me . 
 `` i love you , dad . 
 and if they f ** k with you again ? 
 they 're going to have me to deal with . '' 
 i almost never cursed in front of my father , but it seemed like an appropriate time . 
 `` language , rory . 
 but i appreciate the sentiment . '' 
 i gave him one last hug and stood up . 
 `` team clarke ! '' 
 i said , holding my hand up for a high five . 
 i did n't think he would understand the more modern fist bump . 
 `` team clarke , '' he said , smacking his hand with mine . 
 `` i would n't want to be on any other team . '' 
 `` me neither . 
 so what are you going to do in the meantime ? 
 you know , instead of smashing in skulls with golf clubs ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` well , we 're going to have to have yet another meeting to discuss what happened at this meeting and get everyone to air their grievances . 
 that way i can give anyone who wants to a chance to leave gracefully and judge where we need to go next . 
 i just sent hal an email . 
 no response yet . '' 
 he glanced at his computer , waiting for that little window to come up to tell him he had a new email . 
 `` that sounds like a good plan . 
 if you need any help with it , need me to talk to anyone , you know i 'm here . '' 
 he nodded , glancing at something on his computer . 
 `` we 'll get this sorted out . 
 if it comes down to having to find new board members and losing hal , i guess that 's what we have to do . 
 i need a drink . '' 
 he took a key out of his upper drawer and unlocked his bottom drawer . 
 `` this is only for emergencies , and this feels like one . '' 
 pulling out a bottle of scotch and two glasses , he plunked them down on the desk . 
 it was a good thing the door was locked . 
 he poured a little bit of the amber liquid into each glass and handed one to me . 
 `` bottoms up , '' he said and we both sipped . 
 i choked a little on my sip , but he swallowed with incident . 
 it took me a little longer to drink the rest of my glass . 
 `` if anyone busts me for being drunk at work , it 's all your fault , '' i said , handing him back the glass . 
 `` i have some friends in high places . 
 your secret is safe with me , '' he said with a wink . 
 `` we 'll get through this . '' 
 `` yes , we will . '' 
 i wanted to call lucah , but i did n't think his voice would be enough for me . 
 i wanted to see him . 
 to touch him . 
 to explain what had happened . 
 and it was time to give him something he 'd been asking for and i 'd been wanting for a while . 
 so i picked up the phone and dialed his extension . 
 `` lucah blythe , how may i help you ? '' 
 `` i need you . 
 right now , '' i said . 
 there was a pause on his end . 
 `` are you saying what i think you 're saying ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i 'll text you when i 'm there . '' 
 i hung up without saying anything else . 
 the only other thing i needed to do was ask lilia to cover for me . 
 just this once . 
 i grabbed my purse and walked out of my office . 
 `` i need you to do me a favor , '' i whispered , leaning over her desk . 
 `` if anyone asks where i am , i had to run an errand and i 'll be back soon . '' 
 she raised one eyebrow , and i could n't help but grin at her . 
 `` consider it done , miss clarke . 
 your whereabouts are safe with me . 
 enjoy . '' 
 she sort of sang the last word and winked as i dashed to the stairs and down two floors . 
 to prevent people from stealing supplies , we 'd put a keypad on our supply room . 
 there had been talk of installing a camera , but that was voted down , which was the only reason i was willing to meet lucah here . 
 i punched in the code and went into the room and waited . 
 i kept the lights off and rested against a shelf of paper and other items . 
 my heart was going a million miles a minute , and my skin tingled in anticipation of lucah 's touch . 
 i sent up a quick prayer to whomever would listen for us not to get caught . 
 not that i cared much at the moment , which was why i 'd finally given in . 
 the door clicked , letting in light and illuminating lucah from behind . 
 i 'd kept the lights off in the room on purpose . 
 `` why , miss clarke . 
 fancy meeting you here . 
 i have come for some paperclips . '' 
 he shut the door and walked slowly toward me . 
 `` hello , mr. blythe . 
 i 'm here for paper , '' i said , patting the shelf behind me . 
 `` but there 's something else i might want , '' i said meeting him . 
 `` and what 's that ? '' 
 his lips hovered inches from mine and i could feel his breath on my skin . 
 `` you . '' 
 i grabbed his lapels and crushed his mouth onto mine . 
 we only kissed for a moment before he was moving his mouth down my neck . 
 his hands went to lift up my shirt and pull down my panties , my hands went to work on his belt , pants and boxers . 
 we made short work of the clothes and then his hands were on my bare ass , lifting me up on a shelf as i fitted my legs around him . 
 `` quick and hard , '' he said as he positioned himself . 
 `` quick and hard , '' i agreed and he thrust into me so hard , the shelf rattled and a few boxes of staples clattered to the floor . 
 neither of us cared as he pulled nearly all the way out and thrust again , causing more things to fall . 
 i wrapped my arms around his neck and kissed him as he slammed into me , over and over . 
 we both cried out and i knew that if someone walked in , there was no way we could pretend we were doing anything other than f ** king each other 's brains out . 
 `` oh , jesus , '' i moaned . 
 despite the fact there had n't been any foreplay , i was almost ready to come , and i reached one hand between us to speed things along . 
 more items clattered to the floor and the shelf actually started wobbling a bit and if i was n't so in the moment , i might have worried about it coming crashing down on top of us . 
 it would n't be a terrible way to die ... but before i could think more about my potential death at the hand of the shelf , i was calling out his name and then he was calling out mine and slumping against me . 
 `` that was completely worth it , '' he panted against my neck . 
 `` have i told that you 're my favorite ? '' 
 `` not today , '' i said , stroking his back . 
 a sharp bit of the shelf was digging into my ass , i realized . 
 it was actually kind of painful . 
 i wiggled a little bit to alleviate the jabbing . 
 `` if you keep doing that we 're going to have to go again . '' 
 as tempting as that sounded , we 'd already put ourselves in enough danger by doing this once . 
 i released my legs and he lifted me down from the shelf and he pulled out . 
 `` ah , '' i said , looking down and realizing i could n't go back to my desk like this . 
 `` they never mention the cleanup part in the sexy books , do they ? '' 
 he said , looking around for something . 
 `` ah ! '' 
 he snatched a box of tissues that had fallen and got down on his knees . 
 so sweet . 
 he also pulled up my panties and made sure my skirt was back in place . 
 i helped him with his pants and then we both tried to rearrange the shelves the way they were supposed to be before we came and destroyed them with our f ** kery . 
 `` does it look okay ? '' 
 lucah said as we stood back to assess whether or not we 'd done a good job of putting things back together . 
 `` good enough . '' 
 i 'd gone and turned the lights on so we could make sure we did a good job . 
 it looked as good as it was going to get , so i pushed myself up for a quick kiss . 
 `` oh , i meant to ask you how the meeting went . 
 i was a little distracted by the need to have my c ** k inside you . '' 
 `` team clarke is on top and i had to comfort my father who is losing one of his oldest friends . 
 it was a barrel full of fun . 
 but i 'll tell you all about it when we go home . 
 right now i think we need to escape the scene of the sex as quickly as possible . '' 
 he gave me one more kiss and smiled . 
 `` good work , mr. blythe . '' 
 `` same to you , miss clarke . '' 
 he fixed my hair and then he walked out of the room . 
 we 'd decided to stagger our arrival and departure to avert suspicion . 
 i counted to a hundred before i left the room and walked up the stairs to my office , my legs a little wobbly , but with a smile on my face . 
 `` mission accomplished ? '' 
 lilia whispered to me as i walked by . 
 i just gave her a thumbs up and she shook her head as i sat back down at my desk . 
 25 `` i have never needed a drink more than i do right now , '' sloane said as we sat down at our table at the bar . 
 `` you think you need one ? '' 
 i said . 
 i sort of filled her in on the chaos , but i 'd signed a pesky confidentially agreement that said i could n't discuss work outside of the office so i had to be brief . 
 she got the gist . 
 `` true , we both need one . '' 
 `` count me in , '' lucah said , raising his hand . 
 `` if you 're all drinking , i want in , '' ryder said . 
 `` drinks for everyone ! '' 
 chloe said , putting both hands up . 
 marisol also agreed that she needed one , so ryder and lucah went to get them . 
 `` so how 's the charity event coming ? '' 
 i asked marisol . 
 after the release of dealing with the board and then the release of having sex with lucah , i wanted to talk about something else . 
 `` oh , it 's stressful , but these things always are . 
 the caterer is having issues and the band backed out last minute , but that 's why you always have a backup plan . '' 
 marisol and her backup plans . 
 she was one of the most prepared people i 'd ever met . 
 `` and is the mysterious man from japan coming ? '' 
 her face fell and i kicked myself for asking . 
 `` i have n't heard from him that much . 
 have you ... '' she did n't finish . 
 i 'd had a few texts , and a phone call here and there , and i had gotten some emails with pictures and so forth , but it was hard with the time difference . 
 `` just what i 've told you about . 
 nothing recently . '' 
 she sighed and grabbed her drink as soon as the guys came back with two trays . 
 `` he 's so confusing , '' she said , sipping her martini . 
 `` who 's confusing ? '' 
 ryder asked . 
 i 'd filled him in on fin , so he knew who he was and he knew about his and marisol 's relationship . 
 `` men . 
 all men , '' i said . 
 `` amen , '' sloane and marisol agreed . 
 `` oh , i definitely agree . 
 that 's why i stick with women , '' chloe said . 
 we all clinked our drinks together as ryder and lucah shook their heads . 
 `` we could say that women are confusing , but we 're outnumbered so i think we should change the subject , '' lucah said . 
 `` are you going to sing ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i knew the answer , because he 'd brought his guitar . 
 `` does a bear shit in the woods ? '' 
 he responded , which made ryder choke on his beer . 
 sloane banged him on the back and asked him if he was okay . 
 `` fine , '' he gasped . 
 the announcer called lucah 's name and he headed for the stage . 
 `` this is a little something for my favorite . '' 
 he winked at me before settling the guitar and closing his eyes . 
 it was the song he 'd been humming the other day . 
 i finally recognized it because i 'd heard it on the radio . 
 `` come to me '' by the goo goo dolls . 
 lucah did what he always did when he sang a song and changed it up , making it slower and sweeter and sexier . 
 he made everything sexier . 
 when he got to the lyrics about taking vows i almost fell out of my chair . 
 i had n't heard that part of the song . 
 sloane grabbed my shoulder and i looked at the other girls . 
 every single pair of eyes was wide with shock . 
 so i was n't the only one who 'd heard that part and had jumped to conclusions . 
 my heart started its own song , a rougher , harder melody than the soft strums of lucah 's guitar . 
 i could n't feel my hands or my feet and the room started to swirl in my vision , but one thing was stable . 
 lucah and his guitar , singing about being together forever . 
 he finished the song and left the stage . 
 it took him hours -lrb- or it felt that way -rrb- to get back to the table after people had finished applauding him and yelling for an encore . 
 the announcer asked him to come back , but he waved him off . 
 he sat back down at the table and gave me a kiss . 
 `` did you like it ? '' 
 for a moment , i could n't get my tongue to work . 
 i was also still waiting . 
 waiting for what i thought was coming , based on the song and the things he was always saying and the way i felt about him . 
 my mouth gaped open but no words came out . 
 `` i think she 's speechless , '' sloane said for me , pinching my knee , which made me yelp . 
 `` fixed her . '' 
 `` i ... i loved it , '' i said as he put his arm around me . 
 he smiled and then picked up his beer and sipped it . 
 sloane coughed and i could feel all eyes on lucah and me . 
 `` anything else you might have felt about it ? 
 anything ? '' 
 oh there were a hell of a lot of things i was thinking , but i did n't think i could say them in front of everyone . 
 lucah seemed to sense my inability to articulate . 
 `` i think we 're going to head out , '' he said , getting our coats and holding his arm out for me to take . 
 `` ryder , you can get back all right , yes ? '' 
 ryder nodded . 
 `` i 'll keep my eye on him , '' sloane said , giving me a wink . 
 i be she would . 
 i still could n't really feel my hands as i stumbled getting out of my chair and lucah led me out onto the street . 
 `` sunshine ? '' 
 of course , being the perceptive guy that he was , he did n't believe me . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i said , giving him a smile that i hoped would reassure him that i was fine . 
 `` okay , '' he said , but his tone made it clear that he was n't going to let it go . 
 we were definitely going to have to talk about this , and i was either going to endure what could be a very uncomfortable conversation for me , or lie to him . 
 or i could lie to him , and then he 'd call me out on it and then i 'd have to have an uncomfortable conversation anyway . 
 he let me keep my silence all the way home , but as soon as i unlocked the door , i knew i was going to have to talk . 
 `` you ready to talk now ? '' 
 ready or not . 
 `` so , '' i said , leaning my back against the door . 
 `` i 'm just going to have to say this all at once because if i think about it , i 'm going to realize how stupid it is and then i 'm going to ask you to f ** k me and hope that you 'll forget in the heat of the moment . '' 
 i paused and took a deep breath and lucah leaned against the counter , as if to say , proceed . 
 `` it was the song . 
 i heard it on the radio the other day and i heard the lyrics about ... about taking vows and a bride and groom and i guess i just read into it and my friends read into it and i thought ... i thought you were proposing . '' 
 it did n't matter that i said it all in a rush . 
 it sounded stupid anyway . 
 i 'd ducked my head when i started talking and i had n't had the courage to look up yet . 
 when lucah did n't say anything for more than a minute , i had to look up to see what his expression was . 
 i took one peek and found his face ... i could n't read that expression . 
 `` what are you thinking ? '' 
 he shrugged one shoulder , as if this was no big deal . 
 `` i figured it was the easiest way to tell you how i feel about you . 
 that someday i want to marry you . '' 
 `` you do . '' 
 it was a statement more than a question . 
 `` of course i want to marry you , sunshine . 
 you 're the best thing that 's ever happened to me and i want to take any measures i can to make sure that you 're stuck with me for life , and that includes getting married . 
 i assumed from our earlier conversation that you were n't ready , but i thought , maybe , if i declared my intentions , that might help clear things up for you . '' 
 clear . 
 i definitely was n't feeling clear at the moment . 
 `` clear things up ? '' 
 i put my hands behind me to brace myself on the door . 
 `` yes . 
 if you knew that my intentions were heading toward getting married , that you might decide that was what you wanted . 
 or maybe that was just my wishful thinking . '' 
 he looked down , and he seemed so crushed that i wanted to kick myself . 
 this was n't going the way i thought it would . 
 `` i do n't want to get married . 
 i mean , i thought i did n't . 
 but then i imagined it . 
 imagined the wedding and walking down the aisle , and i realized that the reason i was n't crazy about marriage was that i 've never wanted to marry anyone . 
 until you . 
 if you told me that we should go to vegas right now , i 'd go . 
 i would . 
 as crazy as that is . 
 and i know it 's crazy . 
 we have n't even known each other for six months . 
 it 's crazy . 
 wanting to marry you is crazy . 
 but i do . 
 want to marry you . '' 
 he pushed himself off the counter and took a step forward . 
 `` you want to marry me . 
 right now . '' 
 `` if you asked me , i would . '' 
 i moved away from the door and toward him . 
 `` that 's crazy , '' he said , taking another step . 
 `` i know . '' 
 we finally stopped with only a whisper of space between our bodies . 
 `` you want to know what 's even more crazy ? '' 
 his hands gripped my waist . 
 i nodded . 
 `` i 'd marry you . 
 if you wanted to . 
 right now . '' 
 `` right now ? '' 
 i moved my hands up his shoulders and around his neck , twisting his hair in my fingers . 
 `` right now . '' 
 he tipped his face down and gave me the lightest of kisses . 
 `` we 're crazy , '' i said with another kiss . 
 `` yes , we are . 
 certifiable . '' 
 lucah 's lips became more insistent and i knew if i did n't put a stop to it , we 'd get started and then we 'd head to the bedroom . 
 i still had things to say about this turn in events . 
 so i pulled my mouth from his . 
 `` so what does this mean , exactly ? '' 
 i said . 
 we had to be absolutely crystal clear . 
 he was going to have to write it out on a sticky note . 
 again . 
 `` it means that both of us want to get married . 
 which is a good thing , do n't you think ? '' 
 he started swaying his hips , so we were dancing . 
 `` it is . 
 so does it mean that i can expect a ring anytime soon ? '' 
 it was kind of unromantic to ask . 
 most women wanted to be surprised . 
 `` now why would i tell you that ? '' 
 he took my hands from around his neck and spun me out and then back into his arms . 
 `` because i asked you . '' 
 lucah just shook his head and dipped me so far that i was afraid he 'd drop me . 
 but he would never drop me . 
 `` nice try , sunshine . 
 i only get to do this once , so i 'm going to do it right . 
 now that i know that 's what you want . '' 
 `` it is . '' 
 i had to keep saying it to myself to feel how right it felt . 
 i wanted to be his wife . 
 for him to be my husband . 
 lucah blythe would be my husband . 
 `` i want to someday be your wife . '' 
 `` and i want that . 
 there should be a name for this . 
 the state of being pre-engaged . 
 i think there should at least be a ring involved , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` a ring ? '' 
 my voice squeaked as lucah pulled something out of his pocket . 
 he 'd planned this . 
 well , probably not exactly as it had turned out , but he 'd had the ring , just in case . 
 `` this is a little something i 've kept around for you , and i 've been waiting for the right time . 
 this is that time . 
 i 'm not going to get down on one knee , but i 'll crouch a little so we 're at the same eye level . '' 
 i would have smacked him for the jab on my height , but i was too busy looking at the ring in the box he held out to me . 
 it was a ruby , set in a silver setting . 
 it was chunky , and had designs on it that reminded me of something . 
 `` it 's my mother 's class ring . 
 ryder and tate and i ... well , we split what was left after the fire three ways , and this was one thing i got . 
 and it 's a ruby . 
 so , with that said , aurora abigail clarke , will you do me the honor of becoming my pre-fiance ? '' 
 i looked up at his beaming face . 
 his freckles , his glorious blue eyes , that chin dimple . 
 `` yes , lucah jacob blythe . 
 i will become your pre-fiance . '' 
 he slid the ring on my right ring finger , and then kissed my hand . 
 `` i love you , '' he said . 
 `` i love you , too . '' 
 he rose to his full height and pulled me up with him , so i was on my tiptoes as we sealed our pre-engagement with a kiss . 
 there was only one little snag that made me break the kiss . 
 `` but we 're going to have to figure out how to deal with the work situation , '' i said . 
 `` about the work situation , '' he said , and the flirty tone shifted and his face became serious . 
 `` i ... i do n't think i should work at ce anymore . 
 it puts you in a delicate position , and as much as i adore knowing that you 're in the same building , i just do n't think it 's the best arrangement . 
 unless you want me to stay , then i 'll stay . 
 the choice is yours . '' 
 i could n't tell him what to do , where to work . 
 if he did n't want to work at clarke enterprises anymore , then he did n't have to . 
 it would be ... an adjustment not having him in the building , but if that was what he wanted , and if that was what it would take for us to take the next step , then i 'd let him do it . 
 `` no , the choice is yours . 
 it 's your life . '' 
 he shook his head and pulled me closer , resting his forehead against mine . 
 `` no , it 's our life . 
 yours and mine . 
 whatever i do affects you . 
 even though we 're not married yet . 
 i do n't want to make any decisions without you . '' 
 i could feel a headache growing behind my eyes , and i did n't know if i could make any more decisions tonight . 
 `` can we talk about it tomorrow ? 
 it 's been ... a long day . '' 
 `` you 're right . 
 we 'll talk about it tomorrow , '' he agreed , and started backing up toward the bedroom , taking me with him . 
 `` but right now , i think we started something in the supply closet that i would really like to get back to . '' 
 `` i would also like to get back to that , almost future husband . '' 
 he raised his eyebrows at my use of the word ` husband . ' 
 `` whatever you say , almost future wife . '' 
 sloane and ryder tagged along with us the next day when we went to visit tate , april and the girls . 
 a part of me could n't wait to see how sloane reacted to gracie and fiona . 
 it was one of those situations that was going to either go well , or be a total disaster . 
 vegas odds were 1:1 on which way it would go . 
 `` so i do n't have to do anything , right ? 
 like change diapers ? 
 because i have a really sensitive gag reflex , '' sloane said , causing ryder to make a choking noise that was probably suppressed laughter . 
 `` oh grow the f ** k up . '' 
 `` no , you wo n't have to change diapers because both girls can use this awesome thing called a toilet . 
 honestly , you 're worse than i was , and that 's saying something . 
 at least you had brothers and sisters when you were growing up to practice on , '' i said . 
 `` i avoided young children at all costs . 
 especially the ones i was related to . '' 
 that i knew to be true . 
 it was n't that sloane did n't like children . 
 i think they just freaked her out . 
 they were messy and unpredictable and , most of all , they ruined clothing . 
 that was their greatest drawback . 
 `` they 're kids , not velociraptors . 
 what do you think they 're going to do ? 
 destroy your perfect outfit ? '' 
 ryder said , tugging on the sleeve of her wrap blouse . 
 she 'd paired it with cropped pants and a killer pair of boots . 
 i 'd advised her not to wear large sparkly jewelry , because little hands had a tendency to go for them . 
 `` hey , i work hard to look this good and i do n't want it getting messed up , '' she said , adjusting her top . 
 `` i think you 'd make anything look good , '' ryder said , and sloane rolled her eyes at him , but i saw her biting back a smile . 
 `` should we bring anything ? '' 
 sloane asked . 
 `` no , '' lucah and i said at the same time . 
 `` whoa , okay . 
 sorry i asked . '' 
 lucah turned off the highway and headed for the ` burbs . 
 i was actually relieved to be visiting tate and april and the girls . 
 their kids did n't ask much . 
 all they wanted were cookies , to put glitter on my face and to wear my heels . 
 simple . 
 no underhanded motives , no lying or fishing for information . 
 plus , they were so happy to see me they were practically screaming . 
 then they saw ryder and got even more excited . 
 he picked both of them up and they started chattering away , pulling on his hair and begging for his attention . 
 lucah grabbed fiona and started swinging her around as tate went and got coffee for everyone . 
 `` it 's so good to see you again , sloane , '' april said , giving her a hug . 
 they 'd bonded in the hospital and i knew they 'd been keeping in touch . 
 after they hugged , sloane stepped back and looked her up and down . 
 `` you 're showing already . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 april 's hands went to her belly , pressing against something i could n't see . 
 `` she 's not serious , if you ca n't tell , '' i said , giving sloane a look . 
 she looked again and nodded . 
 `` you 're right . 
 it was just the drape of your shirt . 
 good . 
 that means i wo n't have to alter this ! '' 
 she went to the car and brought back a garment bag and presented it with a flourish . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 april said , pointing to the bag . 
 `` oh , this ? 
 this would be your dress for the charity event . 
 tada ! '' 
 there was much squealing and rejoicing over the dress and sloane had n't even showed it to her yet . 
 the girls came over and wanted to see it , so sloane unzipped the bag and pulled it out . 
 short and white , it had a vintage feel with a skirt that flared out . 
 sloane turned it around and showed the back , where the straps crossed with a bow in the middle . 
 `` pretty ! '' 
 gracie yelled , reaching for it as sloane carefully yanked it out of her reach . 
 `` yes , it is . 
 thank you so much , sloane . 
 i can never repay you for this , '' april said . 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 i get off on this . '' 
 sloane beamed and the girls finally noticed her and decided to be curious . 
 `` what are they doing ? '' 
 sloane said as the girls started to inch closer and we all watched . 
 `` hey , gracie grace , why do n't you come meet sloane ? '' 
 ryder said . 
 `` alone ? '' 
 gracie said , inching closer and leaning on ryder 's knee . 
 fiona toddled over and stared at sloane as if she was a being from another planet . 
 `` no , sweetie . 
 sloane , '' i said . 
 `` she 's my friend . '' 
 `` fwend ? '' 
 fiona said , looking up at me . 
 `` that 's right . 
 my friend . '' 
 fiona inched forward and touched sloane . 
 `` what is she doing ? '' 
 sloane was just as unsure of them as they were of her . 
 i wished someone would video this encounter . 
 `` my god , sloane , you 're ridiculous . '' 
 i put my hands out to fiona , picked her up and put her in sloane 's lap . 
 `` pretty , '' fiona said , pointing to sloane 's earrings . 
 fiona had done the same thing to me when i 'd first met her . 
 `` be gentle , fi , '' tate said , coming back with the coffee . 
 `` remember how we talked about being gentle ? '' 
 `` gentle , '' fiona repeated , stroking sloane 's hair as sloane tried to smile like she was n't totally panicking . 
 `` i want to see ! '' 
 gracie said , climbing onto ryder 's lap and then going for sloane 's . 
 `` whoa , be nice to sloane , gracie . 
 she 's a little scared , '' ryder said , winking at sloane . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i 'm not very good with kids , '' sloane said to tate and april . 
 `` neither was i , before i had them , '' april said . 
 `` i 'm the youngest , and i avoided any and all babysitting jobs . 
 i 'll be honest that i 'm still not a huge fan of other people 's kids , but mine are pretty awesome . '' 
 i had to agree with her . 
 gracie and fiona had very studious looks on their faces as they stared at sloane . 
 she stared back at them and then she slowly crossed her eyes . 
 it only took a moment for them to start giggling . 
 they loved people who could cross their eyes and had been trying to do it , but had never managed to make it happen . 
 the ice was officially broken and sloane became the girls ' new favorite person . 
 she got more excited than they did when barbies were brought out , along with all their clothes and accessories . 
 `` i think she 's abandoned you , '' i said to ryder as sloane got down on the floor with gracie and fiona to take the clothes off and put them back on the dolls . 
 it was a miniature version of what she did all day . 
 `` for children and plastic dolls that are anatomically incorrect . '' 
 he shook his head , but he was smiling . 
 i sipped my coffee and sat back against lucah 's arm . 
 after the absolutely horrible afternoon i 'd had , this was perfection . 
 `` so rory and i have an announcement , '' lucah said , interrupting all of the conversations around us . 
 `` uh , we do ? '' 
 i said , wondering that the hell he was talking about . 
 sure , we 'd talked about getting married last night , but that could n't be it ... `` yes , '' lucah said , giving me a look . 
 this was one of those times when he was trying to send me a signal and our wires were crossed . 
 it had happened more when we 'd first gotten together , but it had been a while . 
 `` do n't keep us in suspense , '' sloane said , looking up from the barbies for the first time since they 'd be brought out . 
 `` can i talk to you for a minute ? '' 
 i said , getting up and trying to drag lucah to the kitchen so i could ask him what the hell he was doing . 
 `` no , i have to make my announcement first , '' he said , not budging . 
 `` what are you doing to me right now ? '' 
 i hissed , fully aware that we were doing this in front of everyone . 
 he ignored me and grabbed my hand even though i tried to keep it away from him . 
 `` we would like to announce that we are moving in together . '' 
 his pronouncement was met with silence . 
 mostly because , uh , everyone already knew we 'd moved in together . 
 i smacked him on the arm . 
 `` spoiler alert : we already knew that , '' sloane said . 
 `` you jerk , i thought you were going to tell us you were getting married . '' 
 i looked at lucah . 
 `` nope , not yet , '' he said . 
 `` not right now . '' 
 `` not right now , '' i agreed . 
 at least , not at this very second . 
 tomorrow ? 
 the next day ? 
 we 'd have to wait and see . 
 epilogue another night , another gown . 
 only this time there were no steps to swoop down , but lucah had helped me swoop out of the elevator in dramatic fashion . 
 the dress was even more spectacular than i 'd imagined and flowed around me like waves of red silk . 
 it also happened to match the ring that was now a permanent member of my right hand . 
 but my favorite part of the evening was seeing the three blythe men in their tuxes , smiling and laughing at a shared joke . 
 i got out my phone from the tiny clutch purse sloane had let me borrow , and took a picture , just to immortalize it . 
 i was going to make a print of it and add it to the photo album i 'd started . 
 marisol had outdone herself . 
 the venue had a vintage feel , harkening back to the fifties and early sixties , and even the drinks served were from the era . 
 it was like stepping into a black and white movie , but everything was in technicolor . 
 the majority of the guests were older , and i saw quite a few friends of my parents . 
 they 'd had another engagement , or they would have been here . 
 poor april did n't get her wine , but tate put her cranberry juice in a wineglass and told her to pretend , because this was one of the only nights out they were going to get for a long time . 
 my other favorite moment was when marisol took the stage to thank everyone for coming and a voice called out her name , and proceeded to take the stage holding a dozen yellow roses -lrb- her favorite -rrb- as she covered her mouth and started to cry . 
 `` did you know he was going to surprise her ? '' 
 lucah said in my ear as mari took the roses from fin and gave him a kiss that made the entire audience clap and cheer . 
 `` no , i had no idea . 
 that sneaky bastard . '' 
 after the two lovebirds exited the stage , they made their way back over to us . 
 `` way to set the bar too high for the rest of us , '' lucah called out to fin as i gave him a hug . 
 `` i ca n't believe you pulled that off , '' i said as he lifted me off my feet . 
 i was so beyond happy to see him . 
 `` it was n't easy . 
 i actually enlisted the help of your mother , if you can believe that . 
 now that she 's given up on me being her son-in-law , she 's been surprisingly supportive of my current relationship . '' 
 he glanced over his shoulder at marisol , who was being mopped up by chloe and sloane . 
 `` she 's been very supportive of mine as well , '' i said , jabbing lucah in the ribs with my elbow and making him wince . 
 `` you look really good , fin . '' 
 he did . 
 his suit actually fit his tall frame , and cut in all the right places . 
 marisol was a lucky woman . 
 she came over and could n't stop giggling as fin gave her another kiss and then dragged her away so they could dance . 
 `` we ca n't let them show us up on the dance floor , can we ? '' 
 lucah said , taking my hand and leading me to the space in front of the tables that was cleared for dancing . 
 marisol had found a replacement band , and i did n't know what the original had sounded like , but the replacements were fabulous , playing the old standards mixed with some newer songs so they could please the diverse crowd . 
 the rest of our crew followed behind lucah and me . 
 tate and april , who looked stunning in her white dress ; ryder and sloane , who looked like a walking silver screen siren in rose gold and then chloe in green with one of her male coworkers -lrb- who also happened to be g * y , but went with her to formal events as her heterosexual beard -rrb- . 
 the band struck up a new song , and after a second i realized it was a slower version of `` royals '' by lorde . 
 it took me back to the first ball and how i 'd been so happy to dance with lucah . 
 i 'd been bursting with so much happiness and love i did n't think it could grow any more . 
 but it had . 
 i adored him even more than i did on that night . 
 and a year from now i 'd probably love him more , and the year after that and so on . 
 forever . 
 `` i ca n't wait to marry you , miss clarke . 
 or should i say , future mrs. blythe , '' lucah said in my ear as we waltzed to the non-traditional song . 
 `` mrs. blythe , '' i said , testing out the name . 
 my potential name . 
 i did n't know how i felt about it . 
 i 'd been rory clarke for my entire life . 
 i did n't know how to be anyone else . 
 lucah had the luxury of trying different identities on . 
 i was sure if he really wanted to , he could become anyone . 
 but i would always be rory clarke . 
 `` or maybe you want to keep your name ? '' 
 lucah said after a few beats of silence . 
 he 'd done it again , read my mind . 
 `` how about we compromise ? '' 
 i said moving my hand up his neck and tugging a tiny bit on the hair on the back of his head . 
 `` how does mrs. clarke-blythe sound ? '' 
 rory clarke-blythe . 
 yes . 
 i could be her . 
 he chuckled in my ear , sending shivers racing down my spine . 
 ryder had finally found a job busing tables at a local restaurant , so he 'd moved out this morning . 
 tonight was going to be our first night in our apartment with just the two of us again , and i knew both of us had more than a few plans as to what to do with our returned privacy . 
 `` i like the sound of that , almost future mrs. clarke-blythe . 
 or i could take your name . 
 i could be lucah clarke . 
 we 've never really been the traditional couple , have we ? '' 
 no , we certainly had n't . 
 most couples did n't start out as a one-night stand . 
 but tradition was boring . 
 `` i just want you to be you . 
 lucah jacob blythe . 
 nobody else . '' 
 he pulled back and i raised my head from where it had rested on his chest to meet his gaze . 
 `` you be rory and i 'll be lucah . '' 
 he twirled me under his arm and i giggled as i nearly crashed into sloane where she danced nearby with ryder . 
 `` as long as i get to call you mine , '' i said . 
 and now for a sneak peek at dark surrendering -lrb- surrender saga , book three -rrb- coming summer 2014 ... `` you look stunning tonight , sloane , '' ryder said in my ear as we waltzed . 
 i was shocked when he asked me to dance , because he did n't seem like the kind of guy who would know how to waltz . 
 i 'd agreed and his hand had gone around my waist to rest on my back , right where my dress had a cutout . 
 skin to skin . 
 i shivered at the touch of his warm hand as he took a step , and then another moving in perfect time to the music . 
 `` thank you . 
 i did n't know you could dance , '' i said as i rested my head on his shoulder . 
 he chuckled , his breath teasing my hair . 
 my skin was ablaze , my heart fluttering madly like it did whenever i was near him . 
 `` there are a lot of things you do n't know about me . '' 
 i had no response to that . 
 it seemed like the more time i spent with him , the more questions i had . 
 we spun and i watched lucah dancing with rory . 
 he said something and she threw her head back and laughed . 
 i was so happy for her , but that did n't stop the jealousy monster rearing his ugly head . 
 i punched him in the mouth and focused back on ryder , which was n't hard to do . 
 i 'd taken extra special care to tailor his suit to his body , making sure it showed off his glorious arms and the expanse of his back . 
 i could n't see his tattoos , but just knowing they were there made me ache in all the right places . 
 his fingers moved up and down my spine and he pulled me closer . 
 `` are you sure you do n't want me to come over ? '' 
 i said . 
 this was the second time tonight i 'd offered to come over to his new place and `` help him unpack . '' 
 and by `` help him unpack , '' i meant put his stuff in my box . 
 over . 
 and over . 
 `` sloane , '' he said , his fingers stilling on my back and his feet stopping their movement . 
 i stumbled a little and looked up at him . 
 `` we 've talked about this . 
 i used to be that guy who would ... but i 'm not anymore . 
 you 're too important to me , and i do n't want to f ** k this up . '' 
 he would n't have minded just a few weeks ago . 
 in fact , he 'd propositioned me the very first time we met . 
 but since his overdose , he 'd changed . 
 not that i was unhappy about the change . 
 that guy who i 'd met when rory and lucah had moved was powerful and commanding and sent off every warning bell in my head . 
 i looked up into his clear blue eyes and i could still see that guy . 
 the guy who 'd looked at me as if he wanted to possess me . 
 even though his mouth was saying no , those eyes ... they were saying yes . 
