 prologue my remaking present james i 've been remade four times in my life . 
 it is a distinct feeling . 
 impossible to mistake . 
 the very marked sensation of being unraveled and reknit into a new thing , a new person . 
 it can be good or bad , helpful or harmful , but above all , it is unstoppable . 
 i was remade when my parents died , went from a happy childhood , into navigating a very dark world , with endless responsibilities , surrounded by enemies and despairingly alone . 
 it happened again at the hands of a cowardly predator . 
 i 'd become angrier with that one , more cynical , and it undoubtedly turned me into the kinky f ** k i was today . 
 the third happened swiftly . 
 one day i looked up into a pair of pale blue eyes and saw the other half of my soul . 
 checkmate . 
 i went from a completely controlled existence , a life where i made every decision with cold calculation to a man overcome with feelings and emotions that were foreign but somehow wonderful . 
 and all too soon after that cataclysmic change was this fourth one , this one where i begged a god i 'd never entertained to spare the life of a woman that i could not live without . 
 chapter one my suffering four days . 
 ninety-six hours . 
 five thousand , seven hundred and sixty minutes i waited for her to wake up . 
 and every second of those long minutes i suffered . 
 there was no numbness to be had . 
 not one merciful second of disconnect . 
 i felt each one of those days , those hours , those minutes , those torturous seconds , with no anesthesia . 
 bloody visions filled my head . 
 all of those bodies strewn out across the ground like some terrible greek tragedy . 
 they ran on repeat , those vile visions , burned into my mind , branded there for the duration . 
 and when my head was n't filled with gory visions , it was filled with the most torturous , bittersweet memories . 
 chapter two my ennui past james my phone chimed a message at me as the gate agent let me onto the jet bridge . 
 this flying commercial business , even if it was a private charter , was more hassle than i was used to . 
 `` mr. walker is running a few minutes behind , but he will be joining you shortly , '' the gate agent told my back . 
 i just nodded , thanking her for letting me know . 
 what were a few more minutes , when i 'd already wasted forty-five minutes just getting to the plane ? 
 i checked my phone , my mouth twisting into a grimace when i saw that the text was from jolene . 
 she managed to beg to see me again , and beg for money in one short text . 
 usually she tried to separate those two requests , but i kind of appreciated her brevity . 
 it made me feel less like a cad for occasionally f ** king women that i could n't stand when they proved to want money out of the exchange . 
 i far preferred to give her money as opposed to my time . 
 james : i 'm otherwise engaged for the foreseeable future , but contact ben k for the money . 
 the usual routine . 
 just tell him how much you need . 
 jolene : thx ! 
 ca n't wait to see you again . 
 last night was incredible . 
 love u xoxo i nearly rolled my eyes . 
 last night had been tolerable , and i hated it when she threw out the l word . 
 all we 'd ever shared was a predilection for rough and kinky f ** king . 
 and she knew very well that i would n't be contacting her anytime soon , if ever . 
 more and more , hooking up with her just wore on me . 
 which was sad , considering how seldom it ever even happened . 
 how could you get sick of a person that you saw twice a year , and only for sex ? 
 i tucked my phone away as i approached the entrance into the aircraft . 
 there was no one to greet me at the door , but it did n't matter . 
 i knew that there was supposed to be a few passengers in coach , and that bram walker and i would be the only ones in first class , which was n't hard to find . 
 i turned left , glancing down at my watch as i stepped into the first class cabin . 
 i looked up , and froze . 
 a tall blonde flight attendant nearly ran into me , but stopped just short , her chin tilting up to look at me . 
 her eyes widened , and she froze . 
 she was lovely , with the palest blue eyes i 'd ever seen and soft pink lips that formed a small o of surprise as she looked at me . 
 a very attractive pink blush colored her cheeks . 
 it made no sense at all , but we just stood there , frozen in place , staring at each other for a solid five minutes . 
 i studied her , instantly attracted , though that was an understatement . 
 i was enthralled . 
 there was something so irresistible in her eyes . 
 they were so pale they struck me as a hint translucent . 
 pale blue eyes often came across as cold , but not hers . 
 hers were clear as water , so clear i felt like i was seeing something impossible , some hint of a kindred soul peeking out , or perhaps , of a person who would complement my own proclivities . 
 i doubted she was a sub ; the chances were just too slim , but i was certain she was suited to be one . 
 i felt as though i was holding her in place with just my force of will , and i loved that feeling . 
 my whole body felt alive , excitement pulsing through me . 
 it made me realize suddenly just how clinical sex had become to me-nothing more than the methodical scratching of a biological itch . 
 how long had this ennui had such a hold on me ? 
 i had no idea . 
 i had n't realized that i 'd been suffering from it at all until just that moment . 
 like waking up from a nightmare , when you had n't known you were dreaming . 
 i was n't feeling it now , though . 
 not with this one . 
 i felt suddenly awake , suddenly alive . 
 this one seemed too perfect . 
 i could n't remember the last time i 'd felt desire like this . 
 how long had i just been going through the motions ? 
 i could n't have said , but i had a moment of absolute clarity as i stood staring at her . 
 i had been disinterested in way too many personal aspects of my life for far too long . 
 i could n't bring myself to be upset about that , because i was n't disinterested now . 
 on the contrary , i was fascinated at a glance . 
 neither of us moved until i heard bram 's damned voice booming at me all the way from the jet bridge . 
 `` james cavendish ! '' 
 bram was a bit obnoxious . 
 he was an old-time ceo at heart ; from back in the day when being in charge meant you could do whatever the hell you wanted . 
 nowadays it was just the opposite . 
 being in charge meant that you had to be professional around your employees at all times , but bram had never gotten that memo . 
 i knew he 'd be drunk before we took off , even though this was a business meeting . 
 i would tolerate him , though and hear him out . 
 i could remember when he would come over to our house for dinner when i was a kid , before my parents had died . 
 he and my father had been close . 
 because of their bond and those memories of my father laughing at his loud jokes , i 'd always humor the obnoxious old bastard . 
 the loud voice of her boss galvanized the lovely woman into action , and it was only as she shifted that i realized she 'd been holding a dripping bag of ice for our entire stare-down . 
 there was a tiny puddle of water between us . 
 i watched as two more drops gathered on the bottom of the bag and then fell to hit the ground . 
 i grinned . 
 at least i was n't the only one who 'd forgotten that the rest of the world existed . 
 `` excuse me , mr. cavendish , '' she murmured in a soft voice . 
 i shifted to the side , then turned to watch her as she made her way to the back of the plane . 
 she was just handing the bag of ice off to another flight attendant when bram moved in to block my view of her . 
 he grinned at me , waving his arm for me to take a seat . 
 i could tell just from glancing at him that he was already well into his cups . 
 it was going to be a very long flight . 
 i felt like i 'd just had a lobotomy as i made my way into the nearest seat . 
 i could n't think straight-couldn ' t focus at all , not on one solidified thought , let alone whatever bram was going on about as he followed me . 
 i sat near the aisle , making bram nearly stumble over my long legs to get to the window seat . 
 i nodded at whatever the hell he was saying , trying not to crane my head around to see what that woman was doing . 
 i thought of her soft voice and how she 'd called me mr. cavendish . 
 she 'd sealed her fate with that alone ... she was wringing her hands when she approached our seats . 
 other than that small tell , though , she seemed to have regained her composure . 
 i did n't like that . 
 i wanted to ruffle that composure again . 
 `` welcome aboard , mr. walker , mr. cavendish . 
 what can i get you to drink ? '' 
 `` crown royal on the rocks , sweetheart , '' bram told her with a big smile . 
 `` just a bottle of water , '' i told her , not liking bram 's greasy smile . 
 `` may i take your jackets ? '' 
 she asked . 
 we both shook our heads no . 
 i watched her walk away , admiring the view . 
 `` i see you 're enjoying my airline , '' bram said with a chuckle . 
 i gave him an arch , and not entirely friendly , look . 
 `` it was n't your airline i was enjoying . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` same thing . 
 i have a whole fleet of girls like bianca . '' 
 bianca , i thought . 
 i had a name . 
 it was a start . 
 my mouth twisted . 
 `` not possible . 
 you show me one more girl in her league , and i 'll give you a million dollars . '' 
 his eyes narrowed on me . 
 he suddenly reminded me of a shark scenting blood in the water . 
 `` actually , i was getting to that . 
 i 'm glad you brought it up . 
 i need a bit more than a million , son . '' 
 i sighed heavily as he went into the expected spiel about his airline . 
 i tried to listen , but in actuality i was focusing on the galley at the front of the cabin , catching glimpses of bianca as she worked . 
 i cursed myself for the bad seating choice and studied the cabin to find a better one . 
 another flight attendant passed by our seat , heading toward bianca . 
 it was a brunette , and bianca towered over the shorter woman . 
 they had a brief , friendly-looking exchange . 
 i only caught small snippets of what they were saying . 
 `` sure , take one , '' i heard bianca saying in breaks from bram 's long dialogue . 
 `` i only have the two up here . 
 i 'm more than stocked . '' 
 `` thanks , bianca , '' the other woman said , sounding relieved . 
 `` it 's always so nice when the first class galley has their shit together . 
 half of them hoard the carts whether they need them or not . '' 
 `` no problem . 
 i 'll help you take it back , '' bianca told the woman , and i caught a glimpse of her smile . 
 it was a small smile , just a slight upturning at the corners of her mouth . 
 it was meant to reassure because the other woman was obviously stressed out . 
 i tried to put my finger on why i was so affected by that little smile . 
 it 's her eyes , i thought . 
 they got to me . 
 they held such a mixture of kindness , tragedy , and reserve . 
 they were soul stealing . 
 you did n't get eyes like that without hardship . 
 you did n't get eyes like that without anguish . 
 she was a stunningly beautiful woman , but that was just the surface . 
 i was so certain there was depth there and that intrigued me . 
 she served us , and every time she glanced at me , a lovely blush touched her cheeks . 
 i was making plans to pursue her before the plane had even taken off . 
 her jump seat was just out of my view as she sat down for take-off . 
 i made a note to sit in 2d the next time i took one of her flights . 
 i would have had an unobstructed view of her seat from there . 
 it was a solid hour into the flight before i was able to approach her in the galley . 
 she was bent down , stacking plates onto a silver , three-tiered cart . 
 `` do you really need to take a cart out for just the two of us ? '' 
 i asked from behind her . 
 she visibly started , turning and standing to stare at me , gifting me with that becoming blush . 
 `` mr. cavendish , '' she said , looking stunned . 
 i smiled . 
 `` bianca . 
 do you really need that cart for just the two of us ? '' 
 i asked again . 
 she gave me a small but gratifying smile . 
 `` i tend to try to follow service procedures precisely when i 'm serving the ceo of the airline . '' 
 i loved the sound of her voice . 
 it was soft but steady . 
 and i adored that little smile . 
 `` what 's your usual route ? 
 is las vegas to new york the normal routine ? '' 
 she looked a little surprised by the question , but she answered quickly enough . 
 `` yes , it is , actually . 
 layovers in new york , and turns to dc . '' 
 `` turns ? '' 
 i asked her , unfamiliar with the term . 
 she bit her lip . 
 `` sorry , '' she said . 
 `` airline lingo . 
 a turn is when we fly somewhere , then turn around and fly back the same day . '' 
 `` what days do you usually go to new york ? '' 
 i asked her , studying her face steadily . 
 she opened her mouth , so close to answering , when f ** king bram interrupted , shouting my name , and distracting her . 
 `` excuse me , mr. cavendish , i have to get back to work . 
 did you need something ? '' 
 you . 
 under me . 
 for f ** king days . 
 i gave her a neutral smile . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 i guess i 'll leave you to it . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` please ring your call button if you need anything at all . '' 
 you . 
 spread out , restrained , open , helpless before me , purposed absolutely for my use . 
 she turned away before she could see my nostrils flare , eyes and mind gone wild . 
 i did n't get another opportunity to approach her . 
 bram kept me occupied for the rest of the flight . 
 i listened , feeling an obligation to at least hear him out for my father 's sake , but i was ready to throttle him as the plane began to descend , and i had n't been able to approach her again . 
 `` you know i ca n't give you that kind of funding if you do n't give me some control over the airline , '' i told him for at least the tenth time . 
 he smiled at me . 
 it was a con man 's smile . 
 i was n't impressed . 
 `` you know you can trust me to keep this ship afloat by doing things my way , '' he said . 
 i did n't know that . 
 what i did know was that if he kept running things ` his way , ' the airline would be bankrupt in a hurry , and grounded soon after that . 
 i could n't invest in it , not even for the sake of nostalgic childhood memories . 
 the man ran his company like it was a game , throwing money around like he was getting his gambling fix . 
 if he would n't give up control , i would just be prolonging the inevitable , burning pointlessly through millions in the process . 
 `` will the flight crew be staying in new york ? '' 
 i asked him , changing the subject . 
 i was sick of talking in circles . 
 `` no . 
 they all turn around and go back to las vegas . 
 why ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` just curious . '' 
 i 'd considered getting bianca 's number from him , or even her schedule , but i knew he would n't cooperate . 
 he 'd just see it as something he could use as leverage . 
 i 'd find another way . 
 i did n't even get a moment alone with her as we deplaned , though i tried . 
 fucking bram lingered , though , so i just nodded at her . 
 `` a pleasure , bianca , '' i told her on my way out , my mind coming up with the numerous ways that i planned to pleasure her in the very near future . 
 it was a graphic visual . 
 `` a pleasure , mr. cavendish , '' she repeated back politely . 
 not yet , i thought , but it will be . 
 i parted ways with bram as soon as i could , striding swiftly towards where i knew clark would have a car waiting at the curb . 
 i nodded at him as i slid into the backseat . 
 `` to the hotel ? '' 
 he asked with a raised brow . 
 `` to the apartment , '' i said . 
 i could tell he was surprised by that answer . 
 i rarely quit working this early in the day . 
 i knew it was useless to even try to work just then , though . 
 i could n't concentrate on a damn thing . 
 my mind was stuck on that woman ... clark began to drive , but he kept shooting me questioning looks in the rearview . 
 `` you meeting a woman , sir ? '' 
 he asked . 
 it was a nosy question , but i was used to it . 
 the man was so good at his job , and had been working for me for so long , that he 'd gone beyond the role of employee to that of a friend , and we both knew he could say whatever he wanted and i would n't be offended . 
 `` no , clark . '' 
 `` maybe you should . 
 you look like you could use one . '' 
 i shot him a sardonic look . 
 it was disconcerting how well he could read me . 
 `` no , but i need you to find one for me , actually . 
 her name is bianca . '' 
 `` no last name ? '' 
 he asked without missing a beat . 
 it was n't as though i asked him to find women for me often . 
 he was just an unflappable kind of guy . 
 `` no . 
 she 's a flight attendant , and her name is bianca . 
 that 's all i know . '' 
 `` walker 's airline ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` physical description . '' 
 `` tall , blonde ... beautiful . 
 she looks like a model . 
 i need her schedule asap . 
 i could also use a number , address , anything you can get your hands on , really . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` i 'll see what i can do . 
 it 'll be a pain in my ass . '' 
 `` i 'll be eternally grateful . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 i felt a little lost when i walked into my apartment . 
 i 'd taken the afternoon off . 
 but to do what ? 
 if i were n't acting like a besotted fool over a stranger , i 'd have called one of the five women i knew that were in the city who could cater to my specific needs . 
 i had no desire to , though , and that was the problem . 
 i felt dazed as i walked directly to the master bathroom , stripped down , and got into the shower . 
 i did n't use cold water , but steaming hot . 
 i closed my eyes and leaned against the tiled wall , picturing those devouring blue eyes of hers again . 
 they 'd been steady , but so submissive , as though she knew just what i needed from her . 
 needed , i thought . 
 yes , that was the word . 
 i soaped my hand , stroked my throbbing c ** k and remembered how she 'd blushed for me , and her little smile , and of course , those mesmerizing eyes . 
 fuck , i thought in shock , coming in a few short strokes . 
 and worse , that release was n't enough . 
 i was jerking myself off again within a few short moments . 
 i felt like a teenager again , jacking myself off repeatedly in the shower . 
 i did n't even consider finding a woman to ease myself with . 
 that was the worst of it . 
 i knew i would find more satisfaction just thinking about her , than actually having another woman . 
 bianca was trouble for me , i knew it , and still , i did n't give a f ** k. i was going to have her . 
 i brought myself to another orgasm , gripping my length tightly , then began stroking again before i 'd even finished , in danger of rubbing my own c ** k raw , thinking about a woman that i 'd never even seen naked . 
 i thought about her body that time , about that neat little dress suit covering delectably round br ** sts , slender hips , and the best pair of legs i 'd ever seen . 
 i stroked my c ** k harder . 
 i remembered the delicate wrist i 'd studied as she 'd served me . 
 i pictured tying those wrists to my bed as i jerked hard on my aching c ** k and came again with a rough groan . 
 it was early , but that did n't stop me from drying off and going straight to bed . 
 i dreamed that night about silky blonde hair and pale blue eyes that i could lose myself in . 
 i 'd only met her once . 
 why did it feel like i 'd wanted her forever ? 
 chapter three my purgatory present `` what will i do if she does n't make it through this ? 
 how is it possible that i could find something , someone like this , and then lose it ? 
 what 's the point of it all ? '' 
 and what about stephan ? 
 he was in worse shape . 
 what would i do if he did n't make it ? 
 how would i tell her a thing like that ? 
 she was in surgery , and they were n't giving me nearly enough information to cope . 
 i knew she was getting the best care possible , but it did n't help alleviate the purgatory i was experiencing as i waited to see if it would be enough . 
 tristan 's eyes were sympathetic in a way that let me know he 'd been through hell and back , too . 
 he existed every day in a purgatory of his own , i knew . 
 the poor bastard . 
 `` first of all , she 's going to pull through this , '' he said quietly . 
 `` i know it . 
 the fact that she 's still breathing , after everything that happened tells us that . 
 but also , james . 
 about the how , and the why . 
 a love like that makes you better , even if you lose it all , even if it was for one precious moment in your life , you ca n't be sorry that you had it . 
 trust me on this . '' 
 chapter four my ritual past i checked my watch again , then took it off impatiently , tossing it into a drawer . 
 she was supposed to be here in fifteen minutes , but i 'd been ready for her for hours . 
 i was too preoccupied to work , instead putting my efforts into grueling workouts and dinner prep . 
 i began to pace . 
 i was antsy , distracted , and restless in a way that was foreign to me . 
 i 'd dismissed my staff halfway through the day , needing total solitude in this strange mood of mine . 
 for the first time that i could remember , i was n't sure how the evening was supposed to play out or the best way to handle things . 
 this sort of meeting usually only went one way for me . 
 it did n't start with dinner , and it did n't end with a sleepover . 
 i did n't know what she wanted from me , or what she expected , and that was the whole problem , because i wanted many things from her . 
 things she did n't seem remotely interested in . 
 it was safe to say i 'd never run into this problem before . 
 taking off my watch was no help , as i was checking the time again a scant two minutes later . 
 where was she ? 
 would she really cut it this close ? 
 with a curse , i sought out a phone and called her . 
 `` hello , '' bianca answered breathlessly . 
 it had me on instant alert , my entire body stiffening . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 i heard myself asking , voice unwillingly harsh . 
 `` i was just about to head out , '' she said , tone so strange that i found myself dissecting every word , looking for a clue to what it was about it that had my jaw clenching . 
 `` i 'll be there in about twenty minutes , '' she continued , `` if i do n't make any wrong turns . '' 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 you sound strange . 
 and you 're going to be late . 
 this is one of many reasons why i wanted to send a driver . '' 
 `` i 'll be right there . '' 
 her voice broke on that sentence , and that 's when i knew what i heard in her voice . 
 desire . 
 need . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i purred , eyes closing in pleasure . 
 if she was in this state now , i knew just how to control the situation , and the shift in power gave me instant relief . 
 reaching down , i pinched the tip of my erect c ** k hard . 
 `` why do you sound so breathless ? '' 
 there was a long pause on the other end , but finally she answered , `` nothing . '' 
 a lie . 
 my jaw clenched , and i pinched myself harder . 
 `` are you touching yourself ? '' 
 i bit out . 
 `` no , '' she lied again . 
 `` do you remember what i said i 'd do to you if you lied to me ? '' 
 i asked her , in equal parts turned on and infuriated by her defiance . 
 `` i believe that 's three times now . 
 do n't make yourself come . 
 your cunt is mine , and so is your pleasure . 
 you 're not allowed to come unless i say so . '' 
 she moaned , and i just about came in my hand . 
 `` if you do n't get into your car this second , i 'm coming there , and then i wo n't let you come for hours , '' i barked , hanging up on her . 
 i went into the one of the property 's control rooms , waiting impatiently for her vehicle , my mind filled with the ways i would own her in a few short minutes . 
 it was her first time , but i did n't want to take it slow or easy on her , did n't know if i was capable of it . 
 was she a true masochist ? 
 would she find some enjoyment even in that sort of pain ? 
 i was beyond impatient , yearning , longing to find out . 
 i opened the gate as soon as i finally saw a car approach , shrugging out of my shirt and heading to the entrance hall to watch for her . 
 i swung the front door wide as she reached the bottom of the small set of stairs that led up to the entrance , taking her in with gimlet-eyed satisfaction . 
 she paused there , and we stared at each other for a long time . 
 the lust in the air just then was so thick i felt like i could reach out and touch it with my hand . 
 could stick out my tongue and taste it . 
 it was heady , drugging . 
 all-consuming . 
 she wore a sheer black dress with flowers painted across it . 
 it was flimsy , revealing her figure even in the near dark . 
 even delivered to my doorstep , clearly dressed for sex , she looked cool and untouchable . 
 i would make her touchable . 
 i knew it and she knew it , and it drove me wild . 
 `` get in here , '' i told her , wondering how i was even going to last from here to the bedroom . 
 she obeyed without a word , her expression stoic . 
 i was taking up most of the open doorway , which forced her to brush very close to me . 
 i sucked in a breath . 
 just how out of line would it be to take her virginity on the floor of my entryway ? 
 how uncouth and unforgivable ? 
 i wondered . 
 because it was about a second away from happening . 
 `` i had dinner ready , but that 's going to have to wait , '' i informed her , my tone clipped , patience shot . 
 `` you 're a little minx , you know that ? '' 
 she shook her head , looking nonchalant as she glanced around . 
 her silence made my jaw clench . 
 i did n't know what to do with it . 
 `` i gave my entire staff the night off , so we 're quite alone , '' i explained to her , to reassure her of our privacy in the event that i did , in fact , take her where she stood . 
 i held onto my control by the thinnest thread . 
 i 'd had my fingers inside of her , had felt the barrier of her hymen , and been obsessed with it ever since . 
 i 'd had time to dwell on just why it consumed my thoughts and came to the conclusion that it was the ownership it gave me . 
 it was mine to take , to claim , to break , and in the breaking , i 'd own a part of her that no one else had ever touched . 
 she ignored me as though i had n't spoken , moving to run her hand along the heavy rail of the stairway that ran to the second floor . 
 i could n't take it . 
 i moved behind her , a breath away from touching her , a heartbeat away from losing it . 
 `` where 's your bedroom ? '' 
 she asked , her tone damn near casual . 
 a deep , primitive hunger rocked through my body . 
 i shuddered in pleasure , my hand gripping her nape . 
 i squeezed , then began to rub . 
 she leaned into the contact . 
 i grabbed her hair , making it into a handle at her nape , and began to lead her upstairs . 
 if she was going to refrain from all artifice , all teasing , i could restrain myself for at least the time i took to get near my bed . 
 i led her like that to my bedroom , stopping just inside of the door to let her take it in . 
 i 'd arranged things just how i liked them , not pulling any punches . 
 i wanted no misunderstanding here . 
 restraints hung from the latticed top of the bed , others strewn at the posters . 
 it was spelled out in barbaric letters all over the room . 
 this was where i would take her body , claim ownership of it . 
 `` are those ropes ? '' 
 she finally asked breathlessly . 
 `` yes , '' i answered , watching her . 
 `` is that a riding crop ? '' 
 if i 'd been capable of idle chat , i 'd have asked her then if she liked riding , if she knew how , but i was not . 
 my vision had gone into tunnel vision just then , with only one thing on my mind . 
 `` yes , '' i said , moving to nudge her forward with my hand in her hair until she was only steps from the bed . 
 `` i have more toys that i want to use on you , but i did n't want to intimidate you by laying them all out . '' 
 she laughed , and it was a touch hysterical . 
 that only made my heart pound harder . 
 `` you need to pick a safe word , '' i told her . 
 i watched her heavy br ** sts move as she took a deep breath . 
 `` i assume you know i 've never done any of this before ? '' 
 it was a question . 
 that got to me , because i did know it . 
 it had become the single biggest obsession of my life these past days . 
 `` yes , '' i breathed , voice thick and intense . 
 she paused before finally answering , `` sotnos . '' 
 `` sotnos ? '' 
 i questioned , rolling the word around in my mouth , like she had . 
 `` yes , '' she said shortly . 
 nothing else . 
 infuriating woman . 
 i pulled on her hair hard , tilting her head back and to the side until she looked at me . 
 `` there are rules here , '' i explained harshly . 
 `` i become your master in here , and i will punish you when you defy me . 
 i will read your reactions , and try not to go too far , but if i do , or if there 's something you just ca n't handle , that 's the word you use . '' 
 she did n't seem the least intimidated , in fact her chin had lifted defiantly at my words . 
 `` what about outside of here ? 
 did n't you say you would punish me for lying to you ? 
 but we were n't in here when i lied to you . '' 
 i smiled . 
 i enjoyed her spirit . 
 `` there are exceptions . 
 i will never lie to you , and i expect you to learn to do the same . 
 tell me what your safe word means . '' 
 she shook her head , jaw set stubbornly . 
 `` no . '' 
 i drew in a steadying breath . 
 `` would you rather take more lashes than just tell me what that means ? '' 
 she did n't hesitate to nod . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she sounded confident . 
 i studied her . 
 `` how about an exchange ? '' 
 i cajoled . 
 `` is there something i could give you in exchange for that information ? 
 something you want to know about me ? 
 something you want in general ? '' 
 again , she did n't hesitate , shaking that stubborn head of hers . 
 i gripped her hair harder . 
 `` you 're driving me crazy , '' i told her softly , maneuvering her towards the bed . 
 `` we need to talk . 
 we need to figure out this arrangement . 
 but i ca n't wait any more for this . 
 nothing has ever made me feel this wild before . 
 i need to mark you . 
 i need to own you . 
 i need to punish you . 
 i need to open you up and strip every detail out of you . 
 and i will get you to tell me what that word means to you . '' 
 there was a pregnant pause , where she neither agreed nor protested . 
 `` lift your arms , '' i told her when i 'd moved her very close to the bed . 
 she did , and i peeled her dress off her swiftly , sucking in a breath at the sight that greeted me . 
 i was feverish with want . 
 i needed everything at once . 
 to touch her , to taste her mouth . 
 to take out my cock , make her suck it , climb inside of her bare . 
 i restrained myself . 
 barely . 
 instead , i circled , eyes devouring every sweet inch of her . 
 she wore nothing but a bra and thong now , her big br ** sts heavy and swelling out of the thin material of her joke of a bra , the coral tips pebbled into tight , hard peaks . 
 best rack i 'd seen in my life , bar none . 
 i bent down swiftly and bit her through her bra . 
 hard . 
 she made a delicious little noise , and i straightened , continuing to circle her . 
 i snapped her tiny little thong as i passed her hip . 
 she was shapelier than i 'd realized , her torso more hourglass than straight , rounding into soft h * ps that were just perfect for gripping . 
 `` you are too much , '' i told her as i studied her shapely little ass . 
 `` a virgin with the sexiest body i 've ever seen in my life . 
 too f ** king perfect . '' 
 i knelt behind her , leaned forward and bit one pert cheek hard . 
 she sobbed in a breath and glanced back at me . 
 i kissed the mark i 'd left there , looking up to meet her eyes . 
 she turned to face forward again , her breathing agitated . 
 i fingered the tiny scrap of material at her hip . 
 `` i want to cut all of your clothes off , but i love everything i see you wear , and i have no idea where you got any of it , so i do n't know how to replace it . '' 
 `` the thongs are from victoria 's secret . 
 so is the bra . '' 
 i smiled at her approvingly , then slapped her ass . 
 `` do n't move , '' i ordered , moving to grab a knife . 
 the look on her face made me laugh . 
 `` it 's just for cutting clothes . 
 i would never cut your skin . 
 the thought is abhorrent to me . 
 i just want to blister it a little . '' 
 i moved to her , grabbing the front of her bra , pulling it out , and cutting it cleanly in one motion , taking the cups apart . 
 i watched her ni ** les tighten , pinching them several times , each time harder than the next . 
 `` how sensitive are they ? 
 did you like the first touch better , or the last ? '' 
 i pinched harder , until she moaned , and had to stifle my own moan . 
 `` or the fourth time ? '' 
 she swallowed hard but answered quickly . 
 `` the fourth . '' 
 `` good . 
 i have something for you . '' 
 i went back to the nightstand drawer , put the knife away , and grabbed a pair of nipple clamps i 'd picked out earlier . 
 the clamps were peach colored , with a silver chain connected between them . 
 i wrapped the chain around the back of her neck , fastening it there . 
 she took it well when i pinched them onto each hard peak . 
 `` nipple clamps , '' i explained . 
 `` are they too tight ? '' 
 she shook her head , studying them . 
 they looked perfect on her . 
 in fact , i could n't decide if i even wanted to pierce her , they looked so right . 
 next , i cut off her thong , watching her face to gauge her reaction . 
 `` climb on the bed , '' i ordered , voice gone hoarse . 
 she obeyed . 
 `` climb over to that ramp until your knees are touching it . 
 yes , right there . '' 
 i climbed up behind her , pushing her face down onto the ramp i 'd arranged in the middle of the bed , which pushed her ass up just where i wanted it . 
 her cheek was touching the riding crop , and she was trembling . 
 it was almost too much . 
 `` this is n't your knee , '' she told me . 
 that surprised a laugh out of me . 
 `` it is not . 
 my lap is n't a safe place for you at the moment . 
 we 'll get to that , though , i promise . '' 
 i slipped a rope over her ankle , then drew it taut . 
 `` the more you struggle , the more these will chafe . 
 keep that in mind . '' 
 i secured her other ankle , then moved to her wrists , binding her quickly . 
 i moved behind her again , leaning over her until i was flush against her back , my erection digging into her ass . 
 she wiggled , and i swatted one cheek lightly . 
 `` hold still , '' i ordered and slid the crop out from under her cheek . 
 i moved off her . 
 she moaned in protest , and i lightly spanked her again . 
 my heart tried to beat its way out of my chest as i just studied her for a long time , almost nervous to start . 
 she looked so beautiful like that . 
 so perfect , tied up , bound for my use . 
 this was my poetry , my art , her body my canvas . 
 i felt giddy for what was to come . 
 `` do you have anything to say before i begin ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 `` i 'm sorry , mr. cavendish , '' she said , arching her back . 
 i hummed , deep in my throat , and let the crop fly . 
 i started lightly , only hitting harder when i saw her reaction . 
 she moaned and wriggled , and i could see how wet this was making her . 
 i made myself stop , panting at the effort . 
 i did n't want to overdo it , when i was still so unsure of her limits . 
 she arched and muttered a protest , rubbing her chest against the ramp . 
 i felt dizzy . 
 i held my hand out in front of me , and it was shaking . 
 i 'd never jumped into something so fast or carelessly before . 
 my instincts told me she was n't a liar , but instincts could be wrong , and for all i knew , she was n't even on the pill . 
 i 'd been scrupulous about protection from the time i 'd become sexually active . 
 getting some random woman pregnant simply was n't an option for me , as plenty of fortune hunters would have loved nothing more than to take advantage of a careless moment . 
 none of this had slipped my mind . 
 it was n't a matter of oversight . 
 not at all . 
 it was a change of heart . 
 my mo was evolving rapidly into something even i did n't recognize or completely understand . 
 but i did understand something . 
 i 'd be coming inside of her bare . 
 the thought of getting her pregnant was n't even that alarming to me . 
 in fact , if i was honest with myself , the idea of tying her to me in such a way was more than a little appealing . 
 i glanced down at my heavy erection . 
 it was swollen to the point of painful , turning red , thick veins apparent along my shaft . 
 i twitched , pr ** cum dribbling out from my tip . 
 i 'd never been so aroused in my life . 
 `` i need to stop there , '' i told her gruffly . 
 `` i do n't want you too sore to lie on your back when i take you . '' 
 more of that silence from her that i had no notion what to do with . 
 my attention caught on her creamy white flesh . 
 `` fuck . 
 i can see the liquid running down your legs . '' 
 i fingered the trail of moisture on her thigh . 
 `` we need to do a few things before i f ** k you . 
 i have a health exam on the table over there . 
 i 've been tested . 
 all the results are clean . 
 do you want to see it ? 
 it 's available for you . 
 i want to bury my c ** k in you bare , if you 'll allow . 
 you said you 're on the pill , right ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i am . 
 i 'll take your word for it . 
 if i thought you 'd lie about something like that , i would n't be letting you tie me up and pound the v-card out of me , now would i ? '' 
 i laughed and bent to kiss her cheek . 
 i pushed the ramp out from under her , letting her fall to the bed . 
 i freed her ankles . 
 i gripped them , pushing her up higher on the bed . 
 i flipped her over with just that contact , surprising the breath out of her . 
 this twisted her arms above her head and allowed me to spread her legs wide . 
 i tied them like that , devouring the sight . 
 she was so lusciously blonde . 
 everywhere . 
 she was breathtaking , her ripe body with all of its perfect alabaster skin , trembling before me . 
 mine . 
 i claimed her with my mouth first , beginning with a chaste kiss to her lips that was nothing so much as an assertion of my will , then moving south to stake my claim on every inch of her untouched skin . 
 next , i took her body with mine . 
 i did it with ruthless skill , and the closest i 'd ever come to wild abandon . 
 i broke through her barrier and became frenzied to the point of madness . 
 i heard my own low , guttural moans as i took her . 
 i 'd never been loud , had always controlled my noises , but now , now , i just could n't hold things like that back . 
 i never took my gaze off hers . 
 those pale eyes of hers both devoured me and fed me . 
 they swallowed me whole and kept me intact . 
 i felt her around me , felt her tender flesh clench , and i went insane . 
 i cursed silently , groaned aloud , tensed , then started heaving like a madman , hurting her i was sure , because she was n't accustomed to an invasion like this . 
 and thinking of that had me losing my mind even more . 
 she was sobbing out her pleasure at the end , begging for release . 
 i kept going , rutting in her uncontrollably , driven like a fiend . 
 finally , when i reached my limit , i took her to the edge . 
 i started rubbing her cl * t relentlessly as i pounded in and out . 
 `` come , bianca , '' i commanded , my eyes eating up every detail of her passion-slackened face . 
 incredibly , she obeyed . 
 like she was an instrument already tuned to my touch . 
 like she was made for me . 
 because she was . 
 mine . 
 irreversibly . 
 irrevocably . 
 i jarred into her hard with one last brutal thrust and emptied my seed deep inside of her . 
 i could n't stop kissing her as i came down from that giddy high . 
 her lips were lush , but that was n't why i could n't stop obsessing about them . 
 it was their softness , their malleable , pulpy , trembling silkiness that had me craving , needing more . 
 afterward i drew a bath , my mind reeling , racing , reconfiguring my life as i knew it . 
 i moved back to the bed when the bath was ready , studying her limp , sated form with vivid pleasure . 
 i tried to place what i was feeling . 
 it was beyond satisfaction . 
 more like something akin to fierce pride . 
 she could n't know it yet , but this beautiful creature had sealed her fate in that bed . 
 i was n't letting her go . 
 she was skittish , but i would n't let that daunt me . 
 it was n't a question of if anymore , not after that . 
 i 'd be keeping her . 
 now it was just a question of how . 
 i carried her to the bath and washed her clean with my dirty hands . 
 in spite of my thoughts , my desires , i could tell i said something wrong when she tried to leave before dinner and only barely cajoled her into staying for a meal . 
 i lost all of my usual finesse with this woman ; the charm i counted on seemed to have no effect . 
 she was close-lipped and distant , but i managed to wrestle small bits of information out of her . 
 she did n't trust me , or expect much from me , but i meant to change that . 
 i had her again , taking her on the table with dessert . 
 i should n't have . 
 i knew it . 
 i 'd used her roughly her first time , but she swore she was n't too sore , and i did n't have the self-control to keep from slaking my thirst with her luscious body a second time . 
 i kissed the rope marks on her wrists . 
 `` i love seeing this on you , '' i spoke against her skin , voice thick with something far stronger than mere desire . 
 i pushed her back flat against the surface of the table , spreading her legs wide . 
 i moved between her legs , my c ** k a whisper from her entrance . 
 `` look at me , '' i commanded . 
 when her eyes met mine , i continued , `` watch me . 
 i 'll punish you every time you look away from me when i 'm inside of you . '' 
 she nodded , lips trembling , pale eyes steady and relentless , claiming pieces of my soul with but a look . 
 `` ask me for it , '' i ordered , stroking myself . 
 `` please , mr. cavendish , f ** k me . '' 
 i obliged , pushing into her roughly . 
 i could n't contain a deep groan as i began to thrust in earnest . 
 `` does it hurt ? '' 
 i asked without slowing . 
 `` it 's perfect , '' she moaned . 
 even after we 'd finished , i stayed inside of her , carrying her up to my room while i bounced her on my insatiable cock . 
 `` let me know if you reach your limit , '' i told her roughly when i 'd carried her back to my room . 
 i still held her , still buried deep . 
 `` you should be sore and tender after your first time . 
 i should be considerate and let your body recover . '' 
 `` please , do n't . '' 
 that nearly undid me , combined with her needy tone . 
 `` you want me to finish you like this , standing up and impaled on my cock ? '' 
 i asked , anchoring her to me as i worked her up and down my stiff length . 
 `` y-yes please . 
 oh , yes . '' 
 she was on the edge , and i was right there with her when i clipped , `` come , bianca . '' 
 she fell apart , and i fell with her . 
 i stayed up all night . 
 i 'd worn her out , and she slept like a baby . 
 i 'd worn myself out , and somehow it was n't enough . 
 i wanted , needed more . 
 i left the bathroom light on , door open , and left the room illuminated enough to watch her , touch her , and stare at the ceiling , wondering what the hell i was going to do . 
 this , this was what my agnostic mind pictured the spiritual mind feeling when it attended confession . 
 a leaking out of all that was bad and a flowing back in , a joyful inhalation , of the most substantial life-sustaining nourishment . 
 so much of this ritual had become a habit ; one that i knew was designed in part to avoid intimacy . 
 if our bodies were temples , the things i did to my subs were meant as sacrilege . 
 this was not that . 
 this was beyond the ritual , beyond the habit . 
 i had wallowed in her , basking , reveling , and in my revelry , i had slaked beyond my physical thirst and delved into another need entirely . 
 this was different . 
 this was intimacy . 
 this was sacred . 
 i could n't get enough . 
 i could n't stop , even when i knew it should be enough , that i was overusing her unused body . 
 somehow , i knew , just knew , deep in my gut , where certainties held the most sway , that i would never have enough of her . 
 i was lost . 
 i was found . 
 i , james cavendish , unrepentant dominant , sexual deviant , and prolific slut for more years than i cared to count , was in love . 
 i 'd taken her virgin body , but just as surely , she 'd taken my virgin heart . 
 chapter five my despair present to believe in that perfect love , and your whole life know that it is n't for you , that what you 've been shaped into makes it fundamentally impossible , then one day you blink , and there it is , someone so perfectly formed to complement your own complicated needs . 
 it was heady , a rush like nothing else . 
 and like all highs , the low was more than its match , a despair so harsh , the teeth it sunk in me so jagged and sharp it had my breath dragging in and out like it was a physical affliction that ailed me . 
 i bent over her sleeping form , waiting for her to wake up . 
 even i could n't have said at first if i was merely holding vigil or outright praying , but it was a fact that that is exactly what it turned into . 
 it brought to mind something tristan had said to me once , just after his rehab days , as he 'd been coming to terms with the things he 'd lost , and i had n't been able to hide my surprise about his newfound need for spirituality . ' 
 i get that it 's not for everybody , but it 's helping me , ' he 'd explained . 
 ` god does n't need us , james . 
 you do n't have to believe in him to keep him relevant . 
 that 's not the issue . 
 we need him . 
 listen , i 'm not saying i have all of the answers , but i have enough to take it a day at a time . 
 i have lost so much , and i have only myself to blame for it . 
 i could destroy myself with the guilt of that . 
 trust me , i have that inside of me . 
 but by some miracle , i did not do that , instead , i opened my heart and my arms and begged for help , and that 's when i realized : god does n't need us , but when we need him , no matter what we 've done , how far we 've fallen , or how long it takes us to find him , he 's still there for us . ' 
 at thirty , bent over with the weight of my heavy burdens , more exhausted and weary than i 'd ever been , taking up residence on an uncomfortable chair in a vegas hospital , for the first time in my life , feeling wretched and despairing , i opened my heart and arms and found some small bit of peace as i waited through the hardest hours of my life . 
 chapter six my madness past i felt so stripped of every normal , rational part of me with her that it was almost unpleasant at first . 
 like air on a fresh wound . 
 i had so little control of myself where she was concerned . 
 it was madness like i 'd never known . 
 trembling urgency . 
 crippling desperation . 
 undiluted frenzy . 
 savage abandon . 
 it was an alien feeling , and i wondered sometimes why i did n't fight it . 
 why i did n't withdraw from it , why i never even considered staying away . 
 i could n't quite believe how much i 'd lost it , could n't understand this total upheaval of who i was , this assault on my peace of mind , and most of all , could n't comprehend how i could love it , crave it , need it so . 
 `` hello , '' i answered my phone . 
 `` who 's your best friend in the world ? '' 
 frankie 's voice called out gleefully to me , on the other end of the line . 
 i smiled . 
 `` you are , of course . 
 what 's got you sounding so tickled , my dear ? '' 
 `` if you liked me before , you 're going to love me after you meet this new sub i found for you . 
 she 's perfect , james . 
 right up your alley , and you know i know your type . '' 
 i stiffened , blinking slowly . 
 it was n't so unusual . 
 frankie had introduced me to girls before . 
 she was more involved in the scene that accompanied our lifestyle than i was . 
 but the timing was off . 
 in fact , after what had happened last night , it was horrible . 
 she kept talking , not noticing right away the significance of my utter silence . 
 `` dark hair , gorgeous hazel eyes . 
 twenty-six and trained by the best . 
 body to die for . 
 she 's smart and sweet , too . 
 it 'll be a nice change for you . '' 
 she went on about this mystery woman 's many apparent virtues , and my mind wandered for a bit , across the country , on a flight with my reticent lover of the night before . 
 finally , i interrupted her . 
 `` i met someone , '' i said shortly . 
 she was quiet for a beat , then , `` oh . 
 is it ... serious ? '' 
 i could tell from her tone just how unlikely she thought that was . 
 i searched for the words to explain that it was more than serious . 
 it was necessary . 
 `` she 's the one . '' 
 heavy silence on the other end let me know that she was processing the information properly . 
 `` wow , '' she finally spoke , sounding equal parts elated and disbelieving . 
 `` that 's wonderful ! 
 how is this the first i 'm hearing of it , and have you set a date yet ? '' 
 `` it just happened , and i would n't mark your calendar yet . 
 i finally fell for a girl , but , and you 're gon na love this , she 's not sure she 's that into me . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure yet if she likes me . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` she 's does n't know what to make of me . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 her tone was somehow more incredulous with each question . 
 i sighed . 
 `` she thinks i 'm an ass ** le with too much money , and it might take a miracle to get her to come around . 
 does that clear it up for you ? '' 
 her voice dripped with her utter delight . 
 `` i need to meet this girl . 
 i can already tell i 'll love her . '' 
 she paused for a moment , then delicately , `` so , are you going to do some demonstrations with her ? '' 
 i blanched . 
 `` no . 
 no . 
 no . 
 never . '' 
 `` will you be bringing her to the fetish parties ? '' 
 `` no . 
 those days are over for me . 
 what i have with bianca ... it 's not something i can share . 
 i have to keep it private . 
 anything else would drive me mad . '' 
 `` i get it . 
 totally understandable . 
 i 'm so happy for you . '' 
 i was smiling when we ended the call . 
 chapter seven my helplessness present finally , after agonizing , waiting , remembering , bianca came to with a violent jerk , her eyes snapping open . 
 a great shudder rocked through my body , and i had to look down at our joined hands for a moment to stay composed . 
 it would n't do to break down in front of her just then . 
 a relief like nothing i 'd ever known flowed through me , top to bottom , like cold water , raising every hair on my body . 
 she was awake . 
 she was alive . 
 we were actually going to survive this . 
 all those hours , and she had n't even been resting . 
 she 'd been waiting , it seemed , her own bloody visions keeping hold of her , because the second she spoke , she said , `` stephan ? '' 
 a world of pain and fear in her voice . 
 i gasped when i finally found the courage , the composure to look at her again . 
 into those beloved eyes i never thought would look at me again . 
 she knew . 
 she knew he was grievously injured . 
 that fast , and she remembered . 
 `` he 's recovering from surgery . '' 
 she processed that for just a moment before asking , `` how badly was he hurt ? '' 
 it sounded like she was talking around a mouth full of marbles . 
 i flinched , imagining the damage that had been done to the inside of her mouth . 
 `` will he be okay ? 
 i need to see him now . '' 
 unbelievably , her words were accompanied by her trying to sit up . 
 i chose my words carefully , wondering how to get her to stop moving so much . 
 it could n't be good for her . 
 `` he 's in the icu . 
 he was badly hurt . 
 no one can see him - '' my body seized up in shock as her hand shot to her arm and brutally ripped out her iv . 
 i started shaking . 
 i could n't seem to breathe . 
 how could i stop her from hurting herself ? 
 i could only watch her , feeling helpless and futile . 
 she sat up . 
 `` i need to see him now , '' she said vehemently . 
 two nurses had been hovering near enough to hear what was going on , and they snapped into action , wrestling her back down , two more nurses and a doctor joining in before they could get her iv back in . 
 she met my eyes as the nurse worked on her arm . 
 `` please , james . 
 i have to see him . '' 
 eventually i nodded , not knowing what else to do . 
 `` please do n't do that again . 
 i 'll arrange for you to see him , but you must stay in your bed . '' 
 she nodded , shutting her eyes , her tense body finally relaxing back into the hospital bed . 
 arrangements were made , and i walked with her as they wheeled her bed to his . 
 she calmed after she saw him , though he was still unconscious . 
 but sure enough , less than two hours later , he roused for the first time since the shooting . 
 i told her the second she woke up . 
 his vitals were improving . 
 they were both going to live . 
 miracle on miracle . 
 after all that had happened , i could n't believe our good fortune . 
 i made a vow then and there never to take even one single second of our life together for granted . 
 `` have they buried my father ? '' 
 she asked the next day . 
 `` not yet , i do n't believe , '' i answered , studying her face , trying to figure out why she wanted to know . 
 `` they will in the next day or so . 
 is there anything you 'd like me to do ? '' 
 `` could you please get me a pen and paper ? '' 
 i had it fetched , watching in puzzlement as she scribbled a few sentences on the paper , then folded it carefully and handed it to me . 
 `` could you please have that buried with him ? '' 
 `` yes of course . '' 
 i recalled a rather important detail . 
 `` he 's actually being cremated , unless you object . '' 
 `` no , that 's fine . 
 have it burned with him please . '' 
 i agreed , still watching her blank face . 
 `` may i read it ? '' 
 `` go ahead . '' 
 no hesitation in her answer . 
 i opened the neatly folded letter , brows rising as i read the brief scrawl . 
 to the monster , fuck you . 
 you ca n't hurt us anymore . 
 oblivion is too good for you . 
 enjoy the fire . 
 you 've earned it . 
 your daughter i looked up , caught her eye . 
 she gave me a rueful smile . 
 `` it 's therapeutic . '' 
 i smiled wryly , refolding the paper . 
 `` indeed it is . 
 do you have any desire to ... go to his funeral ? '' 
 she shot me a look . 
 `` no . 
 never . 
 it 's bad luck to spit on someone 's grave , and i 'm not sure i could stop myself . '' 
 chapter eight worst nightmare present stephan i awoke to bright lights and hospital sounds . 
 and pain . 
 agony shooting through me with every breath . 
 it all came back to me in a flood . 
 the blood . 
 the bodies . 
 the unmitigated horror of it . 
 bianca . 
 bianca going limp , crumpling to the ground , blood in her hair , blood on her face . 
 my worst nightmare come to life . 
 bianca . 
 i 'd seen her shot , seen her fall . 
 no . 
 no . 
 no . 
 no . 
 i could n't lose her . 
 it was inconceivable . 
 `` bianca , '' i wheezed , my chest burning like it was on fire with that one word . 
 chapter nine i 'm okay , you 're okay , we 're okay past stephan we did n't shake hands or touch gloves . 
 not that we got to wear gloves . 
 it was n't that kind of a fight . 
 some underground clubs had rules . 
 some of them even operated under a code . 
 this was n't one of those . 
 that kind of ring would n't take an under-aged street kid into the mix , no matter how good he was at hurting people . 
 we nodded at each other across the small space allotted us for this desperate bout of violence . 
 i made the mistake of meeting his eyes . 
 they were dead . 
 he already thought he 'd lost everything . 
 he was about to lose more . 
 i wanted to tell him just to fall with the first blow , that i never lost , so he should n't make me hurt him more than i had to , to get paid . 
 i wanted to tell them all that . 
 i did n't want to do more damage than i had to , but sometimes i could n't help it . 
 i never wanted to reach the place where i could n't help it . 
 i took a deep breath , letting my eyes move through the crowd to find the only face in the world that reassured me . 
 bianca 's serene eyes met mine , and i felt instantly better . 
 the place was packed , but there was an invisible barrier around her that no one dared to encroach on , thanks to me and my temper . 
 everyone here knew what i 'd do if someone so much as bumped into her . 
 it was a rough crowd , and i 'd made a point of educating them with a few bloody examples . 
 `` love you , '' she mouthed , looking utterly composed amidst this chaos . 
 it was just what i needed . 
 her calm was the anchor that kept me grounded , always . 
 i did the fighting , but she was the one that kept me safe and alive . 
 i 'd have lost the will to live a long time ago , if i had n't found her . 
 `` love you , '' i mouthed back . 
 of course , everyone assumed we were young lovers . 
 we always let them assume . 
 it was just easier than explaining that , though she 'd never be my girlfriend , she was as essential to me as air , and i 'd die before i 'd let anyone hurt her . 
 i focused back on the task at hand , my will renewed . 
 i hated fighting , hated it more than just about anything , but it was a necessary evil , at the moment . 
 and hate it or not , i was very good at it . 
 undefeated , in fact . 
 defending myself against someone four times my body weight from an early age was my training . 
 and it was good training . 
 the bell rang , and i went to work . 
 he started dancing my way , light on his feet for such a big guy , and trained to box , i guessed . 
 it would n't be enough . 
 i was trained to survive , to fight dirty , no matter the means . 
 i dodged his first quick blows , observing his moves before i made my own . 
 he was quick , but i knew i was quicker . 
 and more desperate . 
 i did n't just have myself to win for . 
 i stopped his fancy footwork with one brutal blow to the gut , followed through instantly with a vicious fist to his temple . 
 he went down , but unfortunately , i had n't knocked him out . 
 he came at me again , and i blocked each of his blows easily . 
 the blow to the head had made him slower , and i could see each hit coming . 
 i clenched my jaw , cursed myself , and attacked , landing three quick-fire , savage punches , two to his midsection that i knew would leave him coughing up blood for days , the third an uppercut into his chin . 
 he went down , and when he got back up , his eyes were dazed , feet stumbling . 
 i 'd messed him up good , and i was n't done . 
 he managed to clip me on the shoulder before i laid into him again , but it was nothing , certainly not compared to the damage i did to him that round . 
 he just kept getting up . 
 he 'd barely managed to land a blow , but he would n't stay down . 
 either he had a death wish , or he did n't understand . 
 we got a breather after a time , and i went to check on bianca while the poor bastard went and licked his wounds in the corner . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 she asked , wiping my brow , her eyes as steady as her hands . 
 i nodded . 
 `` i 'm fine , but he wo n't be , if we keep this up . 
 guy does n't know when to quit . '' 
 `` be careful . 
 he strikes me as desperate . '' 
 i let her see the bleakness in my eyes . 
 `` we all are . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i know , but i do n't trust him . 
 just be extra careful , okay ? '' 
 i agreed and kissed her on the forehead . 
 she leaned into me , unmindful of the sweat , uncaring of the filth and blood on me . 
 it was what i needed . 
 it was all i 'd ever needed . 
 acceptance . 
 such a simple concept , but i needed it like i needed air to breathe , and only one person had ever given it to me . 
 i hugged her into my chest and breathed it in . 
 it was more than salve to a wound . 
 it was life-sustaining . 
 i soaked up as much as i could before heading back into the ring . 
 my girl had impeccable instincts . 
 the guy pulled a knife on me for that round , jabbing me with it before i saw his intent . 
 it was n't serious , just a flesh wound , but it set me off . 
 my vision went red , and so did the room . 
 i took his legs out from under him with a vicious kick to the front of his knee and a hard shove . 
 i followed him down , pummeling his face . 
 someone tried to pull me off him , several someones , but it was useless . 
 and then i heard her . 
 calling my name . 
 snapping me out of it . 
 i shook my head , stilling . 
 i lifted my bloody fists up , staring at them . 
 they were trembling badly . 
 as i saw this , i realized my whole body had begun to shake . 
 i looked down at the mess of a man underneath me . 
 by the state of him , i 'd been at it for some time . 
 i cringed , and retching , i scrambled off him . 
 it was his face that really got to me . 
 it was a bloody pulp , unrecognizable , pounded into just so much misshapen meat . 
 and he was so still . 
 i was barely clear of him when i emptied out the contents of my stomach on the ground . 
 soft hands were stroking my shoulders from behind , bianca saying something that i could n't hear over the crowd . 
 i could n't hear them , but i felt the words , knew them by heart , and tried to believe them now . 
 the room had gone wild with noise , cheers , and applause . 
 they loved the raw , brutal violence of what i 'd done . 
 it 's why they came , why i made money at this . 
 i wanted to curl into a ball and disappear . 
 this was the worst one yet . 
 had i killed him ? 
 i wondered , praying that i had n't , though it seemed that i was grasping at straws . 
 no one was trying to move him , as though they did n't think it was worthwhile to even try . 
 i felt slender arms hug me from behind , soft kisses on my temple , and then her voice in my ear , `` you 're okay . 
 he 's okay . 
 i 'm okay . 
 we 're okay , '' she chanted soothingly , over and over . 
 it helped . 
 even if it was n't entirely true . 
 it helped . 
 she always knew how to take care of me . 
 she always had . 
 always understanding , always accepting , always loving , from the very start . 
 things got out of hand in the ring sometimes . 
 i 'd done my fair share of damage , but so far , i 'd never killed anyone in one of these fights . 
 i found i was having a very hard time coming to terms with it . 
 i had killed before . 
 when i 'd stopped that old man from raping bianca i 'd beaten his head so hard against the pavement that i 'd felt when his skull caved in . 
 no . 
 this would n't be the first time i 'd killed , but that did n't make it any easier to stomach . 
 who had he been ? 
 who would miss him ? 
 why was my life worth more than his ? 
 it was n't . 
 i knew it was n't . 
 but hers was worth more , and she needed me . 
 the thought galvanized me , as it always did . 
 i would do what i needed to for her . 
 i 'd do anything for her . 
 because it was a fact that she was worth it , and that certainty had gotten me through many o ' rough thing . 
 who i assumed was a doctor was finally kneeling by the other fighter , tending to him . 
 he did n't pronounce him dead right away , and i took that as some small sign of hope . 
 bianca pulled me gently away from the mess i 'd made on the floor , and i blindly followed her . 
 old sam , the bastard that organized these things , came to stand in front of me , a sick grin on his face . 
 he waved a wad of cash in front of me . 
 i grabbed it , glaring at him . 
 he was the source of my livelihood at the moment , but i still hated him . 
 he was the worst kind of opportunist and had no qualms about preying on the weak and desperate . 
 `` good job , son , '' he told me with a good-natured chuckle . 
 `` do n't call me son , '' i told him , my voice gravelly from all of the retching . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` you always get touchy after these things , but you 're a natural , my boy . 
 we 're going to do great things together . '' 
 i opened my mouth to say something scathing , but bianca beat me to it . 
 `` just go away . 
 leave him alone , '' she told the man in her coldest voice . 
 `` give him space . '' 
 the man lifted his hands , as though to show he meant no harm , and still smiling , walked away . 
 `` he 's a parasite , '' she said vehemently when he 'd left . 
 `` if we never set eyes on him again , it 'll be too soon . '' 
 i could n't have agreed more . 
 we stayed in the room long enough to ascertain that the other fighter was definitely still alive , and there was a chance he 'd stay that way . 
 when the doctor pronounced this to the crowd , there were more boos than cheers . 
 i thought i might be ill again . 
 i went on autopilot as bianca led me away to a dimly lit bathroom in the back of the building . 
 she lifted off my shirt , washed me , and tended to me like i was a child , fussing over the cut in my side , and i let her . 
 she left , snagged some supplies from the doctor 's bag , and came back quickly . 
 she cleaned the cut , worrying over it . 
 i soaked in her loving ministrations . 
 `` the doctor said he 'd come back here to check you out after he finishes with the other guy . '' 
 i just nodded , feeling disconnected . 
 she 'd taken the money from me and counted it to make sure it was all there . 
 `` four hundred dollars . 
 let 's get a room tonight , okay ? 
 you need to take a nice hot shower and sleep in a soft bed . '' 
 i did n't argue . 
 this was the usual pattern after a fight , one of the few things that made it worthwhile to hurt people for money . 
 four hundred dollars , i thought . 
 i was willing to do that to a man for four hundred dollars , to beat him beyond recognition . 
 i swallowed hard , taking deep breaths to keep from gagging . 
 i had no notion of how much time might have passed before the doctor came to check on me . 
 he did n't do much , or did n't take long , but it seemed to reassure bianca to let him tend to the scrape of a knife wound . 
 `` will he live ? '' 
 i croaked at him . 
 i 'd been working up the courage to ask him since he 'd walked in . 
 `` yes . 
 he wo n't be pretty , but he 'll live . '' 
 i breathed easier , but only a little . 
 i nodded and thanked him . 
 there was a weekly budget rental place within walking distance , and i stayed outside while she went into the office and got us a room for the night . 
 it was one of the few places that took cash and did n't ask for id . 
 i stiffened when i saw who was behind the reception desk , but bianca was already heading back to me , key in hand . 
 `` do n't ever talk to that guy , '' i told her , my voice harsh with fear . 
 `` stay away from him . '' 
 she studied me , her tragic eyes seeing everything . 
 `` oh stephan , what did you do ? '' 
 i flinched . 
 `` do n't . 
 please . '' 
 she moved into me , wrapping her arm around my waist and leading me . 
 `` he would n't take any money . 
 said you 'd settled up the last time we were here . '' 
 her tone held not an ounce of judgement , but instead a world of pity and grief . 
 `` please . 
 do n't , '' i said again , suddenly wanting to cry . 
 `` i love you , '' she said calmly . 
 `` more than my own life , i love you . '' 
 i did n't respond , too occupied blinking away tears . 
 `` what did he make you do ? '' 
 she asked when we 'd stepped into our room . 
 i looked around , avoiding her eyes now . 
 at least it was clean . 
 mostly . 
 `` it does n't matter , '' i told her . 
 she was n't innocent . 
 she 'd seen too much for that . 
 but she was pure , and i would n't corrupt her ears or mind with the filthy thing i 'd done to pay for our room the last time we were here . 
 `` oh stephan , '' she uttered softly , her tone undoing me . 
 i shook my head , swallowing hard . 
 `` i 'm going to shower . '' 
 she let me go . 
 i did n't hurry , but i did n't linger either . 
 i needed to get clean , but it would take more than hot water and soap for that . 
 i crawled into bed still damp and waited , trembling , while she took her own shower , and joined me . 
 i wrapped myself around her , burying my face in her clean wet hair . 
 just a few deep breaths and i already felt better . 
 `` did he hurt you ? '' 
 she finally asked , voice muffled into my chest . 
 `` can you talk about it ? '' 
 i could n't . 
 what could i say ? 
 she knew what i 'd done , or at least enough . 
 explaining that letting him suck my dick , instead of the reverse , had made it palatable enough for me to accept was hardly going to make me feel better . 
 my long silence told her everything . 
 her voice was clogged with tears when she spoke again . 
 `` do n't ever do that again . 
 please . 
 promise me . 
 i ca n't bear the things you put yourself through . '' 
 i could n't refuse her when she pleaded with me like that . 
 `` i wo n't , '' my voice was thick and full of anguish . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 we were silent for a very long time , but that was fine . 
 the contact was what i needed . 
 i did eventually recover enough to talk about it . 
 `` i hate that part of me . 
 hate it . 
 all i want is to keep you safe and never have to hurt anyone again . '' 
 her chest moved against mine as she took a very deep breath . 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm so sorry . '' 
 `` do n't be sorry . 
 this is n't on you . 
 it never was . 
 i just ... wish i was n't like my dad . '' 
 `` you 're not . 
 this violence is not who you are . 
 it does not define you . '' 
 i let that penetrate , let it comfort me , as it was meant to . 
 `` this is all temporary , '' she told me , her tone wistful . 
 `` remember our little houses . '' 
 i smiled . 
 this was a popular fantasy of ours . 
 `` side by side , '' i added . 
 `` neighbors , '' she agreed . 
 `` i want grass in my yard . '' 
 `` i want nothing but rocks and maybe a cactus . '' 
 i could hear the smile in her voice . 
 `` you 'll get to keep all of the pictures you make . '' 
 `` and give some to you . '' 
 eventually i was comforted enough to drift off into sleep , her soothing chant calming me , as it always did-i 'm okay , you 're okay , we 're okay . 
 we were having breakfast at a diner the next morning -lrb- a rare treat , and one courtesy of my fight money -rrb- when she became very serious , making me look across the table and directly into her soulful eyes . 
 `` no more , '' she said , resolve inundating each word until it felt like she was raising her voice , though she spoke softly . 
 `` we 'll try foster care again , but i ca n't watch you do this to yourself anymore . 
 not any of it . '' 
 i started shaking my head . 
 she kept nodding . 
 `` it wo n't be for long . 
 as soon as you turn eighteen , we 'll have more options . '' 
 `` no . 
 it 's too risky . 
 he 'll find you again . 
 i can do this . '' 
 `` there are no good choices for us right now , but we need to do our best to take the safest ones . '' 
 i nodded in agreement . 
 i knew she was right , but i was n't sure how to follow through on it . 
 she knew me too well . 
 she gave me a look . 
 `` this is n't safe , '' she continued . 
 `` do n't you see ? 
 we were n't meant to be anything but statistics . 
 we have no safety net . 
 no one cares what happens to us except for us . 
 if we do n't make the right decisions , one bad night will be our last . 
 i just know it . 
 we have to get out of this and away from these people . '' 
 i knew she was right . 
 we were statistics . 
 worse than runaways . 
 throwaways . 
 we were n't even the faces you saw on a milk cartons . 
 those kids had people looking for them . 
 all we had on this earth was each other . 
 if we wanted to survive this , we had to make it happen ourselves , because no one else would . 
 chapter ten would n't even be me present stephan a warm , firm hand clutched mine . 
 i swung my eyes to meet watery black ones . 
 javier cried my name , looking equal parts terrified and relieved . 
 i let out a sob , making agony course through my chest . 
 i tried to hold it back , to stop the pain , but it took a long time before i was coherent enough to say again , `` bianca ? '' 
 i had to know . 
 she had to be okay . 
 the alternative was unthinkable . 
 it was a fact that i would not be okay without her . 
 i would n't even be me without her . 
 i 'd be someone else , someone with important pieces missing , pieces i could n't get back . 
 he seemed to snap out it , leaning closer to me . 
 `` she 's okay . 
 she 's recovering , but okay . 
 she 's in better shape than you , actually . '' 
 i studied him , wondering if i 'd heard him right , wondering if i was dreaming . 
 `` she-she survived that ? '' 
 what i 'd seen had looked like a headshot wound . 
 how had she survived that , and in better shape than me ? 
 he nodded emphatically . 
 i was so worn out that i was already going back under , but at least i knew she was alive . 
 she was alive . 
 i woke up again still remembering that . 
 this time when javier and i looked at each other , we smiled , though there were plenty more tears , as well . 
 chapter eleven she saved my soul stephan growing up , i 'd had a cloud of guilt that followed me around . 
 even before my uncle had started molesting me , i 'd been plagued by nightmares . 
 an overzealous sunday school teacher told my class one week that those of us not paying tithing would burn when the world caught fire , during the imminent second coming , and my young mind had taken it very literally . 
 i was eight at the time , and over the summer i 'd earned a whopping ten dollars of chore money , and blown it all on candy during a trip to the grocery store . 
 i had n't even thought of paying tithing for it . 
 no one had told me . 
 i 'd felt horrible guilt and fear about it , even when i 'd earned more money , just to pay it back . 
 i was a wicked boy for so many reasons , the largest of which were my thoughts . 
 i doubted , i feared , i resented , and in my resentment summoned up some pretty horrible opinions about my strict , mean father especially . 
 mostly , i kept those opinions to myself , but occasionally , i 'd snap back at him , and he always , always made me regret it . 
 even after i ran away , that guilt followed me relentlessly . 
 it chased me down , no matter how far i went to get away from it . 
 and then i met her . 
 bianca put it all in perspective . 
 she needed me . 
 i protected her , she accepted me , and we became inseparable . 
 i saved her life . 
 she saved my soul . 
 by the time i was in my early twenties , i thought i 'd mostly left that heavy guilt behind me , but it still lingered in deceptive but destructive ways . 
 i could n't be myself , or at least , i felt it was necessary , even proper , to hide parts of myself from the world . 
 this self-destructive instinct was so strong , and so knit into the fiber of who i was , that it nearly cost me the love of my life . 
 chapter twelve was it me ? 
 past stephan he was much older than me . 
 i was seventeen , and he had to be pushing thirty . 
 i knew that was bad , but he had so many other things going for him . 
 he was handsome . 
 he had a great smile . 
 he was even-tempered , and just as vehement as i was about staying in the closet . 
 i met him at the bookstore . 
 we were both looking for the same book . 
 it was so romantic . 
 the kind of story you could tell later and share intimate smiles about . 
 we hooked up the third time we went out . 
 we were getting cleaned up when his phone chimed . 
 his expression did n't change as he moved to check it , but his brow furrowed as he continued to study the screen of his phone . 
 `` everything okay ? '' 
 i asked him , shrugging into my shirt . 
 he looked up , his eyes gone somewhere else . 
 he had to blink a few times to come back to the here and now . 
 `` what ? 
 oh that ? 
 yeah , it 's fine . 
 my wife is just being a nosy bitch . 
 nothing new there . '' 
 my whole body froze , even my lungs , to the point that i could barely breathe , let alone talk . 
 was it me ? 
 was i cursed , or doomed , to only pick out guys that would hurt me at the first opportunity ? 
 `` your wife ? '' 
 i finally managed to get out . 
 he did n't roll his eyes , but he may as well have , with the look he gave me . 
 `` now do n't get all touchy about this . '' 
 `` you told me you were g * y. not bi . 
 not married to a woman . 
 gay . '' 
 i was careful to keep my voice down , though it was a struggle , because bianca was asleep in the next room . 
 it dawned on me suddenly why he 'd insisted on coming to my place . 
 this time he did roll his eyes . 
 `` i am . 
 i 'm only attracted to men , but that does n't mean i want to live that lifestyle . 
 that 's why i 'm in the closet . 
 like you . '' 
 `` you 're married . 
 you 're nothing like me . 
 you 're a liar . '' 
 `` everybody 's a liar . 
 being in the closet is a lie . 
 it 's something you 'll figure out around the time you grow up , kid . '' 
 `` get out . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` leave , '' i said through my teeth , hoping he would listen , because i was about a second away from hitting him . 
 luckily , he went . 
 i never heard from him again . 
 chapter thirteen do me a favor present stephan it was n't until the next day that i got javier 's other reaction . 
 the delayed one , that came after the relieved one . 
 `` what were you doing ? '' 
 he burst out with suddenly . 
 `` what were you even thinking , going back there , getting yourself shot ? '' 
 i 'd known this was coming . 
 `` i had to , '' i said calmly , though it hurt to speak . 
 `` she was in danger . 
 i had to do something . '' 
 `` you had to take a bullet for her ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` do you know how f ** ked up that is ? 
 who does something like that ? '' 
 `` it 's not f ** ked up . 
 it 's who i am . '' 
 `` how ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` this is how i love , javier . '' 
 `` it 's how you love her . '' 
 `` yes . 
 and it 's how i love you . 
 i 'd do the same for you . '' 
 `` you 'd take a bullet for me ? '' 
 `` in a heartbeat . '' 
 he laughed mid-sob . 
 `` do me a favor . 
 please do n't ever take a bullet again . 
 not for anyone . 
 not even me . '' 
 `` deal . 
 and you do me a favor . '' 
 `` anything . '' 
 `` marry me . '' 
 chapter fourteen but then i met him past stephan i heard every story there was to hear about javier before i ever laid eyes on him . 
 he was slutty . 
 he was a snob . 
 he loved drama , and it followed him everywhere . 
 he could n't keep a secret . 
 there was more dirt flying around about him than i could keep up with , and though i tended to shy away from gossip , i had every reason to believe most of it , based on the fact that there was just so much of it . 
 but then i met him . 
 no one had told me he was drop dead gorgeous . 
 just beautiful in a way that spoke to me . 
 every part of him was defined and perfect , from his lips to his hands . 
 elegant and devastating . 
 no one told me that he had the thickest eyelashes on the planet , or that his calm dark eyes sparkled when he smiled . 
 i was wildly attracted to him the instant i set eyes on him , but even so , i did n't like him . 
 he had a shitty reputation , and he was not my type . 
 not at all . 
 my unruly body and my stupid heart could n't seem to keep that straight . 
 we met at the crew headquarters . 
 he was our fifth flight attendant , not a part of the regular crew , which meant he was on-call and had likely had to rush to work with only an hour 's notice . 
 he did n't look it . 
 he looked very well put together , his tie straight , his hair perfect . 
 he looked calm and relaxed , and good enough to eat . 
 everyone was there , including the pilots , so we did the crew briefing as we waited for the bus that would take us to the plane . 
 it was a short briefing , because almost all of us had been working together for a full month , and bianca and i always worked together in first class . 
 i sent her a brief smile , and that was all , before addressing javier , whose eyes i 'd felt on me since the moment we 'd been introduced . 
 he was brazen , that one . 
 `` jessa has the galley , '' i told him , `` and julie is our usual third this month , so that makes you fifth . 
 you 'll be doing the count and helping the girls between their carts . '' 
 he just nodded , giving me his full attention in a way that unnerved me . 
 he did n't know i was g * y. very few of the people we worked with did . 
 i never dated anyone from work , and only our closest friends had any inkling of the truth . 
 most thought bianca was my girlfriend , and that suited us both fine . 
 but the way he looked at me felt like a come-on , and i felt myself both infuriated and fascinated by that . 
 there was no way he could know . 
 i did n't believe in that g * ydar crap . 
 i held bianca 's hand as we sat together on the crew bus . 
 this was in no way unusual for us . 
 we were close to the point of inseparable and had never felt the need to hide it , not from anyone . 
 still , somehow , with javier 's stare boring into me across the aisle , i felt defensive about the handholding , and i was n't sure if that was because i wanted to explain it to him , or use it to warn him off . 
 it rankled that i even had to think about it . 
 i did n't owe explanations about any part of my life to anyone , i told myself firmly , let alone some little troublemaker i 'd just met . 
 the plane was boarding through the second door at this jet bridge , so the passengers were entering the plane between the front of coach and the back of first class . 
 this had javier at the door with me , side by side , as we waited for the passengers to board . 
 `` you and bianca make a beautiful couple , '' javier said quietly beside me . 
 this had me raising my brows and looking directly at him . 
 he was smiling , a brow arched playfully . 
 was he messing with me ? 
 did he really think she and i were a couple , or was he mocking me ? 
 i honestly could n't tell . 
 `` thank you , '' i replied , my tone very neutral . 
 `` like barbie and ken . '' 
 that almost had me laughing . 
 `` do n't tell her that . 
 she hates it when people call her barbie . 
 we 've gotten that comparison a lot . '' 
 `` i do n't know why she 'd hate that . 
 most girls would kill to look like a barbie doll . '' 
 `` well , not bianca . 
 my advice would be to stay on her good side , and rule one to doing that is not to call her barbie . '' 
 `` got it . 
 have any rules for staying on your good side ? '' 
 `` to always be on bianca 's good side . '' 
 `` so it 's like that ... interesting . '' 
 i studied him , almost positive that he was mocking me . 
 `` we 're a package deal . '' 
 `` noted . 
 i always wanted a best friend like that . 
 you two are lucky . '' 
 `` we 're more than just best friends , '' i told him firmly , wanting to set up clear boundaries . 
 he smirked at me , and i knew , just knew , that he had guessed my secret . 
 `` sure . 
 okay . 
 more . 
 i get the hint . 
 you two have any plans for the layover ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 we were headed to miami with a twenty-four hour layover . 
 `` probably just hanging out at the beach or the pool . 
 nothing big . '' 
 `` would you mind if i tag along , or do you two need to be alone ? '' 
 i glared at him , wondering why he felt the need to be so sarcastic . 
 `` tag away . 
 this is a friendly crew . 
 they 'll probably all be out there . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 i hate it when i get the crews that stay in their rooms all day . '' 
 `` no problem . 
 it 's miami , and the weather is supposed to be beautiful . 
 it would be a pity to stay inside . '' 
 `` you going to hit the gym ? '' 
 i chewed on my lip , considering my answer . 
 i wanted to avoid working out with him , if that was what he was getting at . 
 i could n't explain it , but i felt like i needed to avoid him altogether . 
 `` i 'm not sure . '' 
 the first wave of passengers began to board , which was a relief , because even chatting with him unnerved me . 
 boarding , takeoff , and our redeye service went smoothly and quickly . 
 i did n't even see javier again until the flight was half done . 
 i was drinking coffee in the front galley alone . 
 bianca was in the back , chatting with jessa , so i was manning the front of the plane , wondering if i should call them up to the front . 
 i did n't like to be alone . 
 not ever . 
 i jumped a little as a smiling javier burst through the curtain , nearly making me spill my coffee . 
 `` hey , '' he said , moving to stand way too close to me . 
 `` i thought you might be lonely up here , with all the girls chatting in back and all of the passengers sleeping . '' 
 i made a noncommittal noise , staring at him . 
 one black curl had fallen onto his forehead , bringing out his thick lashes and his dark eyes . 
 he really was just a striking man . 
 `` so about the workout tomorrow . 
 i like to hit the gym . 
 i 'm not ripped like you , but i try to keep fit . 
 i hate going alone though . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' i said , trying hard to take exception to the way he was staring at me . 
 he was just so brazen . 
 i should call him out on that , i thought , but i did n't . 
 i watched his hand move to my arm , gripping as though to test my muscle . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i asked him , my voice hard with tension . 
 `` you do n't get arms like this by skipping the gym . 
 i think you 're going to go , but you just do n't want to go with me . 
 what have you heard about me ? '' 
 as he spoke , his hand moved to my abs , skimming over the taut ridges under my shirt . 
 i did n't react right away , genuinely shocked at his nerve . 
 finally , my free hand shot to his , gripping it hard enough to make his eyes water with pain . 
 `` what have you heard about me that makes you think i want you touching me ? '' 
 each word came through my clenched teeth . 
 `` nothing , '' he said , pulling on his hand . 
 i let it go , and he shook it , as though to shake away the pain . 
 `` i 've only heard how hot you are and that you 're with that girl . '' 
 `` bianca . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 her . '' 
 `` why did you touch my stomach ? '' 
 `` i was just making conversation . 
 i ... wanted to feel your six pack , since i could tell that you had one . 
 you ca n't tell me you are n't working out tomorrow . 
 i wo n't believe you . 
 i was just trying to prove my point . '' 
 `` you should n't grab people like that without their permission . 
 what the hell is wrong with you ? '' 
 javier did n't answer , his gaze arrested , pointed at my crotch . 
 i 'd grown hard at his first touch , and i could n't hide it , even in my work slacks . 
 he swallowed hard , staring . 
 and staring . 
 great , i thought , this one is sure to tell the world my secret . 
 and on the tail of that thought : well , now that he knows , the harm is already done ... that was a dangerous line of thought . 
 as though he had n't heard my last sentence , as though my anger scared him not at all , he reached for me , stroking me through my pants . 
 my free hand gripped the counter behind me for support . 
 `` stop that , '' i told him gruffly , but there was no heat in it . 
 all of my heat had pooled below my waist . 
 `` let me take care of this . 
 you do n't have to do anything for me . 
 i just want to suck you off . '' 
 his lovely black eyes looked up at me so sweetly that i felt captured by them . 
 i shook my head , but could not find the will to make it convincing . 
 he moved until his chest touched mine , still working me with his hand . 
 i had n't had anyone touch me like this in so long . 
 it was hard not to let it cloud my senses . 
 he kissed me , his mouth coaxing mine open . 
 i set my coffee down very carefully , before grabbing his hair , pulling his face away from mine . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` kissing you . 
 i 've wanted to kiss you since the moment i laid eyes on you . 
 please , let me kiss you . '' 
 `` i do n't do this . 
 i do n't do this casual thing . 
 i 'm not like you . '' 
 `` what am i like ? '' 
 `` easy . 
 promiscuous . 
 i do n't do sex unless i have feelings for a person . '' 
 he smiled huge . 
 `` you are a different one , are n't you ? 
 so have feelings for me , and kiss me . '' 
 `` do n't make fun of me . 
 i do n't find this funny at all . '' 
 `` i was n't . 
 i meant it . 
 i 'm putting myself out here for your enjoyment . 
 what do i need to do to be with you ? 
 because that 's what i want . '' 
 i did n't believe him , but i kissed him for that , for the way his words made my heart race and my breath catch . 
 we did n't pull back for a very long time , and when we did , i felt out of control . 
 `` come to the bathroom with me . 
 fuck my mouth , stephan . 
 i want you to do whatever you want to me with this big c ** k of yours . 
 anything . '' 
 `` you never get to f ** k me , you understand ? '' 
 i growled at him , gripping his hair to the point of pain . 
 `` i do n't do that . 
 not ever . 
 i wo n't even consider it . '' 
 `` that 's fine . 
 that 's fine . '' 
 he sounded like he meant it , and i let him tug me into the bathroom . 
 i had a brief moment of lucid thought , as he sat on the closed toilet in the tiny confined space , frantically undoing my pants , that in all my life i 'd never done a thing so sordid , even when i 'd traded my body for shelter . 
 but i quickly lost all lucidity as i sprang into his eager hands , and he went to work on me with his mouth . 
 i had n't had a lot of partners , and i 'd never had a b ** w j * b like the one javier performed on me . 
 he deep-throated me , sucking until my vision blurred . 
 i did n't last thirty seconds . 
 i bit my lip not to shout as i came , my tip deep in his throat . 
 i felt his muscles work as he swallowed every drop . 
 perhaps there is some advantage to hooking up with a slut , i thought . 
 he was talented . 
 he stood up to kiss me when he 'd sucked out every drop , still stroking me with his hand . 
 i flushed hotly when he pulled back . 
 `` i usually last longer than that . '' 
 he just smiled , looking happy to the point of joyful . 
 `` it was a bj . 
 you are n't supposed to last long , if i 'm doing it right . '' 
 i raised my hand to stroke his lower lip . 
 `` you 're very good at that . 
 how often do you find yourself sucking off strangers in airplane bathrooms ? '' 
 all of the joy died from his eyes , and i was instantly sorry . 
 most slutty g * y men were n't sensitive about being slutty , but i 'd clearly put my foot in my mouth . 
 `` that came out wrong . '' 
 `` i do n't know what you 've heard about me , but i have n't slept around in a very long time . 
 i just ... liked you . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean to be insulting . '' 
 `` will you workout with me in the morning ? '' 
 `` okay , '' i agreed , since he clearly was n't going to let it go . 
 `` i want you to f ** k me , '' he said , pulling back to stare at my cock , which was starting to swell again in his stroking hand . 
 i swallowed hard . 
 `` god , you 're forward . '' 
 `` not always . 
 not usually . 
 touch me . 
 please . '' 
 i reached down , gripping him , stroking him through his pants . 
 it was the first contact i 'd had with that part of him . 
 i loved the feel of him in my hands , hard and straining . 
 he was more elegantly made than i was , though still a good size . 
 `` come to my room and f ** k me tonight . 
 i do n't even care if you get me off . 
 i just want you to take me . '' 
 `` this is moving too fast , '' i told him . 
 `` we have n't even been on a date yet . '' 
 he blinked up at me , slow , hypnotizing blinks . 
 `` you want to date me ? '' 
 i did n't think i actually did . 
 i still did n't know anything about him . 
 we had n't even had any real conversation yet . 
 but his tone had been so hopeful , so unabashedly delighted , and flattered , that i found myself saying , `` is n't that the way this usually works ? '' 
 he hugged me . 
 `` not for me . 
 not with guys like you . '' 
 maybe i did want to , i found myself thinking . 
 he was much sweeter than he let on . 
 sweet could soften my heart like nothing else . 
 `` how about tomorrow night ? '' 
 i said slowly , working it out in my head . 
 `` i 'll take you to dinner , maybe a movie ? '' 
 he squeezed me tighter . 
 `` i 'd love that . 
 just the two of us ? '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` it is a date . 
 do you usually go on dates with more than two people ? '' 
 he pulled back to look at me , kissing my chin , and then my mouth , just pecks . 
 `` will bianca be okay with it ? '' 
 `` she never minds staying in to read , and i 'll bring her some takeout . '' 
 `` so she is just a friend ... right ? '' 
 `` more than that . 
 she 's my family . 
 my whole world . '' 
 `` but not your lover ? '' 
 `` no , not that . '' 
 `` good , '' he said , then pushed up to kiss me . 
 i gripped his hair and kissed him back . 
 i was fully hard again when i tore my mouth away . 
 i was still hanging out of my pants , and i glanced down as i started to grind against his own constrained bulge . 
 with a moan , he pulled my mouth back to his . 
 he was the sweetest kisser , his lips soft but hesitant , not for lack of finesse , but almost a timid restraint , as though to communicate with the give of his mouth how he wanted me to proceed . 
 how he wanted me to take over . 
 that was more than fine with me . 
 chapter fifteen do n't get hurt bianca was ecstatic when i told her i had a date . 
 she was less thrilled when i told her whom it was with , but still supportive . 
 bianca was not a romantic , but she knew that i was , and so worried about my love life . 
 i worried about hers more . 
 i knew that all of the trauma she 'd suffered as a kid had left parts of her cold . 
 untouchable . 
 she did n't go out with guys . 
 they asked , but i 'd never seen her so much as consider it . 
 the only person she let in was me . 
 and who could blame her , after all she 'd been through ? 
 it made me sad , but i did n't know what i could do to change it . 
 `` so he asked you out on the flight ... or vice versa ? 
 this all came out of nowhere . '' 
 her tone was curious more than anything else . 
 i flushed . 
 `` i guess he hit on me first , but i 'm the one that asked him out . '' 
 `` oh . 
 well , you must have hit it off . 
 you do n't usually work so fast . '' 
 the flush turned into an outright blush . 
 she 'd as good as asked , and i could n't keep anything from her for long , even things that embarrassed me . 
 `` we hooked up in the first class bathroom . '' 
 her eyes widened , mouth falling open . 
 it was hard to shock her like this , and it made me smile a little to see her usually composed face react like that . 
 `` wow . 
 just wow . 
 how did that happen ? '' 
 i bit my lip and tried to give it to her straight . 
 `` i hardly know him , but i 'm really attracted to him . 
 he made a pass at me , and i just ... could n't , or did n't want to , tell him no . 
 now we 're going out because i guess i just want to see if it 's more than chemistry . '' 
 she nodded , face serious and studying mine now . 
 `` okay . 
 well , good luck . 
 do n't get hurt . '' 
 i kissed her forehead on my way out . 
 `` i 'll try my best . 
 i 'll bring you back takeout . '' 
 `` you do n't have to do that . 
 i can find my own food . '' 
 `` i want to . 
 i 'm taking him to that cuban place we love . '' 
 `` oh , well then , i 'll take you up on that . '' 
 `` your usual ? '' 
 she nodded and smiled , giving me a thumbs up . 
 i took him to a movie first . 
 an action flick that had been out for several weeks . 
 the theatre was deserted without another soul in sight , and he seemed more interested in touching me than watching the movie . 
 i did n't know what to make of that . 
 this was supposed to be a first date , not an excuse to get off in public again . 
 that being said , i wanted to get off again . 
 i was n't proud of it , but my resolve was weakening with every touch . 
 `` do n't you like the movie ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he was plastered to my side , kissing my neck , his hand teasing my thigh . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i ca n't pay attention . '' 
 `` are you bored ? '' 
 he was panting in my ear . 
 `` bored ? '' 
 his hand found my aching cock . 
 `` does this feel bored to you ? '' 
 i swallowed , my hand finally sliding off my knee onto his . 
 `` this is supposed to be a first date . 
 i do n't hook up on first dates . '' 
 `` let 's have our first date another time then . 
 let 's call this something else , something where this ends with you f ** king me , or me giving you a hand job in a movie theatre . '' 
 i shook my head , trying not to smile , not to encourage his audacity . 
 i grabbed his hand , pulling it off me , then linking our fingers together . 
 he seemed okay , even content , with that , squeezing my hand and shooting me happy smiles . 
 i did n't know what to make of that . 
 did he think i 'd only been asking him out to hookup ? 
 things were going well up until the short walk from the theatre to the restaurant , when he grabbed my hand where anyone could see . 
 i shook him off , shooting him a look . 
 `` knock it off ! 
 not in public , okay ? '' 
 he looked baffled . 
 `` what does it matter ? '' 
 `` we could run into someone we know . 
 we 're only a ten minute walk from the crew hotel . '' 
 that shut him up for a while . 
 the silence was more than awkward . 
 it was full of questions i did n't want to answer , but that i knew he 'd be asking and soon . 
 finally , he pressed the issue . 
 `` so you 're not out . 
 not at all . 
 you 're hiding it . '' 
 i hated the way he said it , like i was doing something wrong . 
 i felt instantly defensive . 
 `` it 's no one 's business but mine . 
 i like my privacy , okay ? '' 
 he went quiet again , for the rest of the walk , and i hated it . 
 we 'd ordered our food and were one drink into the meal when he came out of it . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said softly , his lovely black eyes warm . 
 `` i 'm being a jerk . 
 you have a right to your privacy . 
 i wo n't say anything . 
 i mean , we can keep this under wraps as long as you need . '' 
 i just nodded , not knowing what to say . 
 i could n't reassure him in any way . 
 no matter how this went , be it one date or one hundred , i was n't planning to make it or us common knowledge . 
 i 'd been too fiercely secretive about my preferences for too long to change it on a whim . 
 `` you know you can trust me , right ? '' 
 he questioned , looking earnest . 
 `` i 'm sure you 've heard awful things about me but ... they are n't true . 
 i 'm not a liar , and i do n't spread gossip . '' 
 `` i do trust you , '' i said simply . 
 and i found that i did . 
 i did n't know him well yet , but i knew enough . 
 he gave me the sweetest smile i 'd ever seen . 
 `` thank you . 
 you-you 're everything i wanted you to be , you know that ? '' 
 i could n't hold back a grin . 
 `` i 'm not sure what to make of that . '' 
 `` i 've seen you before , though you did n't notice me . 
 i 've watched you , and heard about you ... fantasized about you . 
 i was hoping you were this great guy , and well , you are . 
 it makes me really happy . '' 
 that made me pretty happy , too . 
 he had a way of softening me , right from the start . 
 i wanted to , but i did n't last three dates before hooking up with him again . 
 not even close . 
 i dropped off bianca 's takeout and walked him to his room . 
 things got out of hand after that . 
 i meant just to kiss him goodnight on the cheek . 
 he turned his head and did n't catch my mouth so much as put his in my path . 
 once we started kissing , i was done for . 
 i had one brief moment of almost sanity when i saw that he 'd been prepared for this , that he 'd planned for it , everything laid out , and i almost held back . 
 `` i was hoping , '' he told me with a sweet smile and a sweeter kiss . 
 `` i was n't expecting . 
 just hoping . '' 
 i nodded curtly and let him roll the condom on , my hands running over him , gripping into his hair , kneading at his flesh . 
 more than anything , i just wanted to touch him , to have full contact , skin on skin , but my control failed me in the face of his sweet , giving submission . 
 i backed him into his room and had him . 
 i bent him over a chair , jerking him off with my hand while i f ** ked him from behind . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i breathed into his back when i 'd buried myself to the hilt . 
 `` i know i 'm big . 
 i 'm trying not to be rough . '' 
 his response was to moan and grind back against me . 
 i started moving , great heavy thrusts that he met beat for beat . 
 i let myself get rough with it when i saw that he could handle it , jamming into him at full strength , brutal jackhammer thrusts that made him hold on for dear life and cry out loudly . 
 i bit down at the straining tendon between his neck and shoulder as i kept up a punishing rhythm , hammering into him . 
 his c ** k jerked in my hand , and he cried out . 
 i outlasted him , but not by much . 
 he was still spurting in my hand when i let myself go , ramming hard into him one last time as i came deep inside of him . 
 after , i peeled off the condom and tossed it in the trash , far from done . 
 i pushed him on his back on the bed and started kissing him , my hand still on his cock , pumping at him , enjoying the feel of him , even soft . 
 i was n't soft . 
 i was ready to go again way too quickly , grinding myself between his legs , jabbing my tip against his sac as i thrust my tongue into his mouth . 
 `` oh god , '' he cried out , panting , his arms holding me to him like i was the answer to a prayer . 
 i could n't get enough of him . 
 his sweet acceptance undid me . 
 i sat him up , pulled his thighs over mine , and lined our shafts up together , using his hand and mine to stroke us both into a frenzy , rubbing , stroking leisurely , then urgently , until we were spilling on each other , coming together . 
 i looked up to find him watching my face at the end , a look of rapt adoration on his . 
 i still had n't had enough , and started kissing him again mid-ejaculation , rubbing myself against him as i devoured his mouth with mine . 
 i pulled back only long enough to catch my breath and started kissing his perfect body . 
 he was lean , but muscular ; his skin a pale olive that i thought looked perfect under my sun browned hands . 
 he whimpered when i caught his growing erection in my mouth and started sucking . 
 i did n't stop , instead clamping down with my lips and going harder , crawling over his body until my own hardening length was pushing against his mouth . 
 i pushed my fingers into his back entrance while we sucked each other off . 
 i lay on my back and pulled him over my chest when we 'd finished , stroking a hand over his soft hair , kissing his forehead , sated but with a stomach still alive with butterflies . 
 `` wow , just wow , '' he breathed , running his hands over me , turning his head to kiss my chest repeatedly . 
 `` i 've never ... i never , um , that was amazing . '' 
 i smiled , my eyes closing , a feeling of utter contentment blooming to life , sheer delight working its way through me . 
 `` yes , it was . '' 
 i did n't even ask . 
 i just stayed the night in his room . 
 i noticed with the crew the next day that he changed in front of other people , became more stiff , less open . 
 it was like this with everyone , i would learn . 
 he was so different with me . 
 he gave me something distinctly unique from what he gave the rest of the world . 
 with me , he did n't hold back a thing . 
 he was more open , more honest , sweeter , better . 
 i fell for him . 
 hard and fast . 
 as though i was too naive to know better , as though i was innocent instead of tarnished , i dove in headfirst . 
 he made me feel good about myself , like i was the missing piece of his puzzle , the one that made him fit right in his own skin . 
 in a perfect world , when you found the person that did that , that was it . 
 end of story . 
 happily ever after . 
 but this was n't a perfect world , and even though i fell for him deeply , i knew it could n't last . 
 he was always on the offense about his sexuality . 
 i , on the other hand , was firmly stuck in my defensive stance . 
 he was insulted that i continued to insist on hiding our relationship . 
 i was resentful that he did n't understand or respect my need for privacy . 
 my pigheaded stubborn pride had doomed us from the start . 
 chapter sixteen the sweetest month we were joined at the hip after that . 
 every second of our free time was spent together . 
 i was anxious at first about what bianca would think of it all , but i should n't have worried . 
 she was ecstatic about it , so happy for me she was bursting with it . 
 she pushed me in his direction at every opportunity . 
 `` go , '' she 'd say . 
 `` i 'll just be painting all day , anyway . 
 this works out perfectly . '' 
 it only lasted a month , but it was the sweetest month . 
 he was on-call , and good friends with the girl who ran scheduling , so he managed to snag the fifth position on nearly all of our flights . 
 i was on cloud nine . 
 i 'd always been a romantic , but even so , i 'd never been in love . 
 not like this . 
 it was a brand new , heady , wonderful experience . 
 of course , it all just made the quick plummet of our breakup that much harder to bear . 
 it did n't seem to matter that we 'd had such a short time together , because that time had been spent earnestly making bittersweet memories that i would dwell on in all of my troubled , lonely reflections after . 
 but that was after . 
 during ... during was another thing entirely . 
 the making of the sweet memories before they turned bitter . 
 we loved to go hiking . 
 there was this little private spot at red rock that we hit every chance we got . 
 we 'd hold hands and talk for hours there . 
 it was maybe the fifth time we 'd gone , and we had just reached the peak at the top of our hike when he shot me his best smile . 
 `` pinch me . 
 i feel like i 'm dreaming here . '' 
 `` why 's that ? '' 
 `` you is why . 
 i never thought you 'd ever even talk to me , let alone give me the time of day . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` you 're out of my league , if you have n't noticed . 
 and you 're so nice . 
 a fairytale prince that came to rescue a loser like me . '' 
 i melted . 
 every hard thing inside of me went soft for this man . 
 if it 'd just been us , we would have been fine , i figured . 
 it was the rest of the world that was the problem . 
 it was n't the long walks that ended us , or any of the time in private . 
 it was the parties , the active social scene that went along with our line of work that sealed our fate . 
 javier had been respectful about my ban on pda from the first time i 'd mentioned it , but there were times when i could tell it bothered him . 
 many times . 
 one time in particular was the last straw for him . 
 we were at a house party for our friend damien 's birthday . 
 i was standing with javier and a group of pilots and flight attendants , but i was watching bianca across the room . 
 she 'd been cornered by damien , who everyone knew had had a thing for her since the first time he 'd seen her . 
 a lot of people thought this was juicy gossip , since they assumed she was with me , and they knew we were all friends . 
 that was n't why i was staring . 
 i was watching only to see if she needed me to run interference . 
 she liked damien and was trying to be nice , but i could tell he was making her uncomfortable . 
 damien was one of our closer friends , and one of the few that knew bianca and me were n't together . 
 sometimes i wished he 'd never caught on . 
 bianca was never going to care about him the way he wanted . 
 she just did n't feel that way about him , and if she could have used me as an excuse to keep him at bay , i knew she would have . 
 `` i do n't know why you put up with that shit , stephan , '' one of the pilots said loudly . 
 his name was allen , i was pretty sure . 
 i glanced at him with a raised brow . 
 he was an overweight guy , in his early thirties , i guessed . 
 a first officer , i recalled , and one that had a reputation for being difficult to work with . 
 i barely knew the guy , but he sounded like he had a very strong opinion about my life . 
 of course , he was n't exactly sober at the moment . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 i asked , hoping to politely deflect him . 
 he was red in the face , his brown hair messy and falling in his eyes . 
 he waved a hand toward bianca and damien . 
 `` he 's after your girl . 
 everyone knows it . 
 and he 's supposed to be your friend ? 
 it 's none of my business , but i do n't know why you put up with it . '' 
 i gave him a bland smile . 
 `` you 're right . 
 it is none of your business . '' 
 `` you need to put a ring on that one , '' he said , tone snide , `` before captain dimples snatches her on up . '' 
 he was getting on my nerves in a major way , but i still made a mental note to harass damien about that nickname as soon as i could . 
 `` i 'm not worried about it , so i do n't know why you are , '' i told him pointedly . 
 though i did know . 
 i recalled there was some kind of beef between him and damien , something involving a woman that preferred damien more , though i did n't know all the details . 
 apparently he thought that could be solved by egging me into fighting him . 
 `` what kind of a guy is n't worried about someone else hitting on his girl ? '' 
 allen asked , tone snide . 
 i gave him another bland smile , though this one was harder to fake . 
 `` listen , it 's allen , right ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 i continued , `` i know you and damien have some beef between you , but do n't drag me into it . 
 i 'm guessing you 've heard that i can handle myself in a fight , you probably heard the rumor that i used to be a cage fighter by the way you 're acting , but listen carefully to this part : nothing you can say is going to get me to go over there and do your dirty work for you , and we all know if you tried to kick his ass yourself , he 'd clobber you . '' 
 he tried to respond , looking angry , but i spoke over him . 
 `` now you , you are n't a close friend of mine , and you 're starting to piss me off , so you i could be convinced to fight , but not him , and not by you . 
 so move along before you find out firsthand if i did really used to fight pro . '' 
 that had its desired effect , and he left with a few grumbling complaints about me being a prick . 
 that was fine with me . 
 i was smiling when he left , thinking i 'd defused the situation well enough . 
 a look at javier 's face told me otherwise . 
 i sighed . 
 i did n't know what , but something about that exchange had deeply bothered him . 
 he 'd been playful and engaged before that , enjoying the crowd we were hanging with . 
 he became withdrawn and stiff after . 
 there was no good way to get it out of him there , no subtle way to get him alone that would n't look suspicious , so it was n't until later , post-party , that i got him to talk . 
 `` what 's bothering you ? '' 
 we were getting ready for bed , brushing our teeth side by side in the mirror . 
 i saw his mouth tighten . 
 he set his toothbrush down and met my eyes . 
 `` you really do n't know ? '' 
 he asked quietly , but something in his tone was very loud , so loud it was screaming at me , trying to tell me something that i was n't ready to hear . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i know you got upset after i threatened allen . 
 you do n't think the way i handled that was appropriate ? '' 
 he grunted . 
 that was it . 
 just grunted and went to bed . 
 i followed him , a kernel of annoyance moving through me . 
 i was plainspoken , and sometimes i really wished that he were too . 
 `` i do n't speak fluent grunt , '' i told him as i got into bed . 
 `` want to tell me what yours meant ? '' 
 he did n't even crack a smile . 
 `` i think it bothers me the most that you do n't even understand how screwed up that all was . '' 
 i sighed . 
 i hated arguments like this , so full of riddles and land mines . 
 `` i guess i do n't . 
 explain , please . '' 
 `` you were so willing , happy even , to get into a real fight over a fake relationship . 
 you were n't bluffing . 
 you would have followed through , kicked allen 's ass if he kept it up . '' 
 `` the guy was being a jerk , talking that way about bianca , trying to stir shit up with me and damien . 
 and he never would have fought me , so it was a bluff . 
 i 'm twice that guy 's size . '' 
 he grunted again , and this time i could interpret it into a noise of utter frustration . 
 `` you do n't get it ! '' 
 `` explain it to me then , '' i muttered sullenly , wanting nothing more than to get off this subject . 
 he was in my face suddenly , eyes wide , passionate . 
 `` you 're so scared to show the world who you are that you would cripple your life for it ! 
 why ?! 
 what are you so scared of ? 
 the world is not your sick dad . 
 half the guys we work with are g * y. do you see the straight ones stringing any of them up ? 
 this is n't the fifties . 
 we do n't have to hide anymore ! '' 
 my jaw clenched , and i just stared at him , refusing to talk about this . 
 he cupped my face in his hands , eyes imploring . 
 `` there 's nothing wrong with you , stephan . 
 nothing at all . 
 you are who you are , and even if you wanted to , you could n't change it . 
 no matter how you hide it , you ca n't run from yourself , and you should n't want to , because there 's nothing wrong with you . '' 
 i did n't cave one single inch , staring him down with cold eyes , letting him talk , giving him nothing . 
 one sad tear ran down his face . 
 `` you 're perfect , stephan . 
 perfect . 
 i love you . 
 i 'm in love with you , but what are you even doing ? 
 how long can you live with this farce ? 
 how long do i have to pretend to be your bro , your bud , in public , lovers only in private ? '' 
 nothing . 
 i gave him nothing . 
 no part of me was willing to cave to this . 
 i would not do it , not even for him . 
 he was getting more desperate by the second , eyes wild , lips trembling . 
 `` you know what terrifies me ? 
 that you 're so willing to risk us , to risk this , just to keep up the front . '' 
 nothing . 
 i gave him nothing but cold , resolute eyes . 
 he got the message , shaking his head back and forth as he looked into them with sad eyes . 
 `` it 's not even a dilemma for you , is it ? 
 if i made you choose , go public or lose me , you would n't even hesitate , would you ? '' 
 my breath caught . 
 that one got to me . 
 `` do n't , '' i said quietly , a plea in my voice . 
 he backed away , his jaw hardening . 
 `` no . 
 i need to know . 
 if you care about me , you 'll choose me . 
 choose me , stephan . 
 please . '' 
 `` do n't do this . 
 it 's not fair . 
 it is manipulative . 
 i have a right to be a private person . 
 you should n't want to force me to live other than how i choose to . '' 
 `` tell me one thing , do you think you need more time , or will it ever be an option ? 
 do you plan to spend your whole life living a lie ? '' 
 `` stop . 
 just stop . 
 this went too far . '' 
 `` i notice you did n't answer , and i 'm not surprised . 
 i ca n't do that , ca n't live a lie , stephan . 
 tell me which you choose . 
 the lie or me . 
 which one is more important to you ? '' 
 i was suddenly furious , so angry at him , at his impatience , his inability to see my side of it , that i wanted him gone . 
 wanted it enough to say , my tone glacial , `` i choose to be me , and i refuse to be manipulated by you into living my life as you see fit . 
 we do n't all have to march in the gay pride parade , javier . 
 that 's never going to be who i am . 
 so if you 're looking for an excuse to leave , there 's the f ** king door . '' 
 i waved my arm at it . 
 he gasped , face going slack , like i 'd slapped him . 
 `` this is n't about g * y pride , but do you even realize , even comprehend , how ashamed you are of being g * y ? '' 
 i did n't like that . 
 it definitely hit me in a place i was n't comfortable exploring . 
 i made him sorry he 'd said it . 
 `` we 're done here . 
 get off your soapbox and leave . 
 now . '' 
 his face crumpled . 
 i 'd been mean to him , when i was never mean . 
 i was on a roll , though , and i was n't done . 
 `` i mean it . 
 done . 
 this thing has run its course anyway . '' 
 i was numb for a while after he 'd left , but the numbness did n't last long . 
 when the pain hit me , i crawled into bed with bianca , moving like a wounded animal . 
 she welcomed me with open arms , and it helped , as it always did . 
 chapter seventeen hot button javier did n't budge , and neither did i. unlike me , though , he was n't interested in or willing to be civil . 
 if i entered a room , he left it . 
 if he was assigned to work one of my flights , he called out sick . 
 it was an awful breakup , and we 'd only been together for a month . 
 maybe it was for the best that it 'd ended so abruptly , no matter how senseless that ending might have felt , because i could n't imagine how much worse it could have gotten , the breakup , if we 'd been together a substantial amount of time . 
 it was a while before he even said one word to me , and i quickly found i preferred the frigid silence . 
 we were at a valentine 's party . 
 murphy was throwing it , so even though i was n't really in the mood to celebrate valentine 's day , we wound up going . 
 javier was there , i saw right away , hanging out in the backyard with some of his friends . 
 i really had n't wanted to see him today of all days . 
 i preempted his usual snub and just avoided him . 
 or tried to . 
 it was a few hours in , and i myself was about three drinks deep . 
 javier was at least six . 
 not good . 
 i was in the kitchen , hanging out with murphy and a group of pilots , distractedly trying to follow their conversation , which was about building a proper beer pong table . 
 javier came walking in unsteadily , drink in hand , bitter eyes all for me . 
 oh lord , i thought resignedly . 
 `` how 's your valentine 's day , stephan ? '' 
 he drawled , moving to stand in front of me . 
 i saw where this was going , and i shifted away from the group , ushering javier to a quiet corner in the dining room . 
 it did n't matter . 
 javier was in no mood to be quiet , wherever the setting . 
 `` i asked you how your valentine 's day is , '' he said insolently . 
 i stared at his angry face , the tense set of his features , and all i wanted to do was touch him . 
 why did it have to be like this ? 
 was there any way that i could fix it ? 
 would he ever see my side of it ? 
 my mind awhirl with questions , i answered his , `` it 's not great , javier . 
 how about yours ? '' 
 his lip curled up , his eyes filling . 
 i had to look away . 
 `` how is your valentine ? 
 have you proposed to her yet ? '' 
 his voice was loud and mocking . 
 i sent him a warning look . 
 `` you leave her out of it . 
 i mean it . '' 
 `` or what ? '' 
 he hissed , more quietly at least . 
 `` you 'll dump me , and go back to her , go back to your comfortable lie of a life ? '' 
 he swayed on his feet , and without thinking , i reached out and caught his shoulders , holding him steady . 
 with a cry , he launched himself into my chest . 
 i caught him there for one brief moment before i remembered where we were , that we had no privacy , and i stepped back , thrusting him away from me like he was on fire . 
 like he was unwanted , despite the fact that i wanted him badly . 
 that , of course , did n't make anything better . 
 he cussed me out , loudly , calling me just about every name in the book , but not outing me . 
 i took it in silence , watching him , hating myself . 
 bianca showed up in the middle of it , looking ready to do battle , and so i knew it was time to end it . 
 `` enough , '' i told him quietly . 
 he had one last salvo to throw at me as a parting shot . 
 it was a good one . 
 he leaned in close , his sorrowful eyes just killing me , and whispered , `` you were the only guy i 've loved who ever made me feel like i was worth anything . 
 anything at all . 
 i guess the joke was on me , huh ? '' 
 boy did that get to me . 
 feeling worthless was my own personal hot button . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i mouthed , having no reassurances for him . 
 i could n't even reassure myself . 
 i could never be what he wanted . 
 chapter eighteen to protect her present stephan james came to see me on his own one afternoon . 
 he looked at me solemnly for the longest time before he spoke , `` thank you . '' 
 i started shaking my head . 
 `` you do n't have to thank me . 
 she 's my family . '' 
 `` she 's my family too , now . 
 and you saved her . 
 thank you . '' 
 i nodded solemnly , studying him . 
 `` you were the one that stopped him . 
 the shot that killed him . 
 did you know that ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i said , wondering if i was supposed to feel something other than relief that the monster was finally dead . 
 `` i remember . '' 
 he shifted uncomfortably in the chair beside my bed . 
 `` let me know if you need any sort of counseling for that . 
 i do n't know from personal experience , but i understand that it can take a toll on you , no matter how justified . '' 
 `` i 'll be fine . '' 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` this was n't the first time i 've killed for her . 
 to protect her . 
 it happened once before . '' 
 his eyes went wide , his body still . 
 i 'd managed to shock him . 
 i grimaced . 
 `` the first time we met , the man that was attacking her . 
 i caved his skull in . 
 i felt it . 
 that took some time to cope with . 
 i did n't know him , did n't know what drove him . 
 what if he was just crazy ? 
 what if the right meds would have fixed him ? 
 looking back at it now , i 'm adjusted to it , but it was hard at the time , because i was a kid . '' 
 i 'm not sure why i felt the need to tell him , but it had always been easy to pour my heart out to him . 
 too easy to talk to him , even when it had felt like a conflict of loyalties . 
 `` you did nothing wrong . '' 
 i just nodded . 
 `` what i 'm trying to say is , back then , i could have used some perspective , some counseling , to deal with what i 'd done , but not this time . 
 this time , i only wish i 'd done it the first time i had the chance . '' 
 chapter nineteen the monster past stephan bianca and i had been doing quite well for a while . 
 longer than usual in the system without any problems . 
 in foster care , both going to the same public school . 
 we 'd managed to stay together , which was the important part . 
 we had a roof over our heads and food . 
 we were staying with a couple that owned a small restaurant , and we both worked there after school . 
 they were n't supposed to make us work , we were too young , but they were keeping us together , so we did n't mind . 
 i bussed tables , did dishes , and bianca served food . 
 neither of us had a problem with the arrangement , usually . 
 both of us had had to endure so much worse , in the past . 
 i was a little annoyed with the situation today , though . 
 i 'd had to stay after school for a project and wanted bianca to stay with me . 
 we did n't like to be apart . 
 not ever . 
 but our foster caregivers had needed her to work right after school , so she 'd left without me . 
 it made me antsy , for more reasons than i could name , one of which being that it just felt wrong . 
 i got out of there as fast as i could manage , hurrying to the restaurant . 
 i went my normal route , using an alley , and cutting directly to the back entrance . 
 i heard before i saw . 
 all the times i 'd ever fought , all the reasons i 'd done it for , i 'd never experienced the blind , all-consuming rage i did when i realized what was going on . 
 not even close . 
 and it was a fact i had a horrible temper . 
 i heard some grunts of noise up ahead , folded around a corner , out of sight . 
 they sounded off . 
 i did n't like them right away . 
 they came from him , i 'd piece together later . 
 if it 'd come from her , i would have known instantly , and acted accordingly . 
 another noise i did n't like followed quickly , the sound of something punching flesh , a hard hit on a soft target . 
 i winced . 
 someone was fighting , and i wondered if i 'd have to become involved . 
 it would really just depend on the situation , i mused . 
 a growl came next , and then a curse from a low , hard , accented voice . 
 i quickened my step . 
 something i 'd heard had jarred the edge of a memory , enough so that i was starting to react before i processed . 
 to panic before i knew . 
 and then i heard it , just before i turned the corner . 
 heard her . 
 her cry . 
 her cry of pain . 
 i broke into a run , making my way around the bend with a few quick strides . 
 and saw them . 
 bianca on the ground , her hair trailing into her face as she curled into a ball to protect herself from the next vicious kick . 
 a brute of a blond man standing over her . 
 a monster . 
 the monster . 
 i 'd heard enough of a description and saw enough of a resemblance to know it right away . 
 her father , come to hurt her . 
 he never landed that kick i roared like a maniac and charged . 
 i hit him in the midsection and took him down . 
 hard . 
 we fell away from bianca , clearing her of harm , which had been the point . 
 i reared back to punch , but his fist met my face first . 
 he was n't going to take this lying down , and he was a huge motherfucker . 
 i was n't daunted . 
 hatred fueled me , and hate was impervious to intimidation . 
 he 'd put hands on her . 
 i could n't stand the thought . 
 all i knew for sure was i 'd make him pay . 
 i 'd make him hurt . 
 i 'd make him regret it . 
 i tucked my head down and started punching , fast vicious jabs to his gut that were designed to do the most damage . 
 i 'd tenderize his insides until he pissed blood for a month . 
 a meaty fist caught the side of my head , but i just kept hitting and hitting , curses spewing from me . 
 he was huge , and strong , but not fast . 
 i was all of those things and feeling no pain at the moment , to boot . 
 i 'd demolish him , or die trying , i swore then and there . 
 his next hit caught me in the temple , and i saw stars , but it did n't slow me down . 
 instead , it set me off . 
 i took a cheap shot , punching him in the groin . 
 he yelped like a wounded animal . 
 i did it again , and again , then went for his face . 
 i held myself up on one arm and did as much damage to it as i could before he managed to stumble away , staggering up to his feet . 
 i rose to join him . 
 i spat a mouthful of blood on the ground , shrugged my shoulders to loosen them up , and smiled at the bastard . 
 he shot me an assessing look that held more than an ounce of approval in it . 
 the man respected a good fighter . 
 it was likely the only thing he respected , the piece of shit . 
 `` that 's my daughter , '' he told me , his voice deep and scratchy , his accent thick . 
 `` this is family business . 
 you do not need to interfere . '' 
 i saw red , and with a roar , charged again . 
 `` she 's my family , you bastard ! '' 
 i cursed him , shoving him up against the wall of the building . 
 `` i 'll kill you if you ever lay a hand on her again ! 
 i 'll kill you , you bastard . 
 i swear it ! '' 
 i was screaming by the end , spittle flying , hands going for his throat and squeezing . 
 he was turning blue before he managed to dislodge me . 
 another blow to the head that i 'd feel later . 
 later . 
 but not now . 
 now i caught his face with four knuckles with enough force to knock out some teeth . 
 `` you her boyfriend ? '' 
 he asked me , gasping it out . 
 `` i 'm her family , '' i shouted , moving in close to start in on his stomach . 
 it was my most vicious move , usually a last resort , but always effective . 
 i started working at him again , same spot as before , with a mind for doing some permanent damage . 
 i grunted with the force of the quick fire blows , just wailing on him . 
 he growled , grabbed my hair , and started punching the side of my head . 
 i had to retreat . 
 too many more hits like that , and he 'd knock me out . 
 that was not an option . 
 i looked around , searching for something to bludgeon him with . 
 i was n't trying to fight fair . 
 i wanted to destroy the bastard , by any means necessary . 
 there was a jagged wooden plank sitting on top of a dumpster , thin enough to grab and swing . 
 perfect . 
 i went for it , grabbing it and swinging it around just before he hit me , taking me back and slamming me into the wall . 
 i dropped the plank , throwing my arms up to protect my head . 
 i 'd gone into defense mode , and i was n't happy about it . 
 with a roar , i head butted him , shoving as hard as i could . 
 he sprawled out on the ground a few feet away , and i went for the board . 
 i swung with all my might , catching him hard on the shoulder as he rose , my body rocking off balance with the force of it . 
 he tried to wrest the makeshift weapon away from me , but i held on tight , twisting until i had it free of him , then circling to swing again . 
 i landed three more punishing blows before he started to move away , trying to run . 
 i went after him . 
 i needed him to hurt bad enough to remember the pain , and remember why he wanted to avoid going near her again . 
 pain had a short-term memory , so i needed to make an impression that would last . 
 i needed to break some things . 
 specifically , some of his bones . 
 i whacked him in the back of the head , and when he was down , i crunched his knee , catching the front of it with the board . 
 he turned into an enraged bear after that , coming at me again , nearly knocking me out with the first hit . 
 fuck . 
 i blinked several times , fighting to stay conscious . 
 i kicked out at his hurt leg , making him scream , and went at him again with the plank . 
 i knocked him down with a heavy blow to the head , and he lay still for just long enough to make me think he was out . 
 i stood over him , honestly contemplating taking his life . 
 he could never hurt her again , if he were dead . 
 it was more than a little tempting . 
 the moment passed as bianca called out my name . 
 i ran to her . 
 she was sitting up ; those tragic eyes of hers wide as they sized me up . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 she asked . 
 if i were n't so out of breath , i 'd have laughed . 
 `` that 's what i should be asking you . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 she nodded , looking far from it . 
 she looked rattled and terrified . 
 face ashen , tone shaky . 
 i 'd kill him . 
 `` we ca n't stay here anymore , '' she told me . 
 `` we need to disappear again . '' 
 i helped her stand , pulling her into my chest . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` that 's how he found me . 
 a caseworker told him . 
 gave him the location . 
 we ca n't trust anyone . '' 
 i took a few deep , steadying breaths . 
 `` okay . 
 we 'll figure it out . 
 we 'll be okay . 
 we just need to go back to the house , grab a few things , but we can be off the radar by morning . '' 
 as i spoke , i turned and glanced back at where i 'd left him , out cold on the ground . 
 he was gone . 
 chapter twenty same damaged root present stephan james sat at my right , giving me very serious eyes . 
 `` i know you 've been in a tough position with me , from the start . 
 with your need to protect her , and having no way of knowing whether or not she 'd need protection from me . 
 that 's all past now , though . 
 we do n't ever need to make things hard for each other . 
 i want you to know that i wo n't ever try to come between you . 
 i know how necessary you are to each other . '' 
 that was good . 
 anything else would n't have worked . 
 you could n't separate the inseparable . 
 still , he was a good man for trying his best to understand us . 
 i tried my best to explain it to him . 
 `` we were throwaway kids , '' i told him quietly . 
 `` it 's a tough thing to be , though at least we had each other . 
 looking back at it , i can tell you right now , i know for a certainty , neither of us would have made it , if we had n't found the other . 
 we are fundamentally connected . 
 we met when we were broken seeds , when we were still being formed into something . 
 we had to grow together to survive . 
 some part of us will always be like that , connected , growing together . 
 we 're different flowers , but we were nurtured from the same damaged root . '' 
 chapter twenty-one my promise to you past stephan i stepped out of the shower , briskly toweled myself dry , and pulled on fresh boxers and shorts . 
 some ass ** le at the club had barfed on the dance floor , spraying half the crowd , but luckily i 'd been close enough to the hotel to run back and change . 
 i was still shirtless , toweling my hair dry and wondering where i 'd left my phone , when i heard bianca 's voice in the adjoining room . 
 `` ste-stephan ? '' 
 she called out haltingly . 
 i came out of the bathroom , surprised that she was back , and so early . 
 `` hey , buttercup . 
 some knucklehead got barf on my shirt , so i had to come back to change . '' 
 as i spoke , i moved toward her . 
 the room was dimly lit , but as i got close to her , i caught a clear look at her face . 
 and went cold , then hot , my heart pounding as i pulled her into my arms . 
 i knew , just knew , that something was horribly wrong . 
 she looked so lost . 
 `` oh , bee , what is it ? '' 
 she started sobbing . 
 my heart seized up in my chest , and i began to shake and cry myself . 
 my strong , stoic angel breaking . 
 it was too much . 
 i could n't stand it . 
 what had happened ? 
 i was afraid to ask . 
 i was afraid of what i would do when i found out what had brought her to this state . 
 `` shh , it will be okay , '' i soothed . 
 `` we will survive it , bianca . 
 whatever it is , we 'll survive it together . '' 
 someone started pounding at the door to her room . 
 `` bianca , open the door , '' james shouted , his voice filled with desperation . 
 i stopped breathing , my vision going red , head filling with a great , vile , black rage . 
 `` we need to talk , '' he continued . 
 `` do n't lock me out . 
 open the door . 
 now . '' 
 i held her to me , trying to get a handle on myself , on my temper . 
 he just kept pounding at the door . 
 we tried to wait him out . 
 it became too much for her , and suddenly and violently , she ripped out of my arms , flinging herself onto the floor on the far side of the bed . 
 she folded her legs up to her chest , leaned her head forward , visibly trembling , and began to rock herself . 
 i nearly lost my mind . 
 i was at the door flinging it open to glare at james between one breath and the next . 
 `` do n't do that , '' i bit out . 
 `` she does n't want to see you . 
 just look at her ! '' 
 james tried to move past me , to her , and i met him head on , shoving my shoulder against his hard enough to bruise us both . 
 `` what have you done ? '' 
 i panted , trying to shove him out the door . 
 the bastard was strong , though , and i had to settle for pinning him up against the wall . 
 he stopped pushing at me , as though he 'd given up , and i involuntarily let up on him . 
 he jerked , trying to get out of my hold . 
 i contained him again , barely . 
 he made no move to hurt me , instead trying frantically to get to her . 
 but that was n't happening . 
 no way . 
 i 'd been avoiding looking at his eyes , and when i finally met them , they were imploring . 
 `` just let me see her , '' he pleaded through his teeth . 
 `` i just want to make it better . 
 i 'm not here to hurt her , stephan . '' 
 that set me off . 
 `` you 've already done that ! 
 look at her ! 
 what did you do ? '' 
 no wait . 
 i did n't need to know , should n't know , before he left . 
 i 'd really lose it then . 
 `` you need to leave ! '' 
 `` i see her , '' he said , sounding as tortured as i felt . 
 `` bianca , '' he called out to her . 
 `` just hear me out . 
 that woman was just a friend . '' 
 i felt ill , and so enraged i could n't contain it . 
 i reared back , then forward , driving my fist into his stomach . 
 i 'd have kept going , but now i wanted answers , and a few more hits like that would render him unable to give them . 
 `` what woman ? '' 
 i growled , panting into his face . 
 `` please , just let me go to her . 
 i ca n't see her hurting like that . 
 it 's killing me . '' 
 `` so leave . 
 you made her like that , and you need to leave . 
 if she wants to talk to you , she has your number . '' 
 `` bianca , '' he tried again , voice breaking . 
 i slammed him hard into the wall , putting my elbow to his throat . 
 i knew this left my stomach and sides unprotected , but he did n't take the opening . 
 in fact , he made no move at all to hurt me back , only struggling to get around me . 
 over my dead body . 
 `` just say you 'll hear me out , bianca , '' he told her . 
 `` if not now , then later . 
 but promise me you wo n't just shut me out completely . 
 promise me , and i 'll leave . 
 if that 's what you want . '' 
 `` i give you my word , '' she said , her broken voice like daggers on my heart , `` just like you did , when you said we were exclusive . '' 
 `` fucker ! '' 
 i roared , landing another vicious blow to his stomach . 
 the f ** ker kept trying . 
 `` we were , '' he gasped . 
 `` we are . 
 i never lied to you . 
 i tell you the truth about everything , even when it hurts , because i want you to trust me . '' 
 `` you said you did n't date , '' she shot back , a new knot entering her voice , finally some anger to accompany the pain . 
 `` that was a lie , since i met your date for tonight . '' 
 i cursed , slamming him into the wall . 
 `` you bastard , '' i panted in his face . 
 `` you swore to me that you would n't hurt her , but i have n't seen her this hurt since the last time her dad got his hands on her . '' 
 james went still , then limp , the fight gone out of him . 
 i did n't care . 
 i kept pushing . 
 the bastard . 
 i 'd been so happy to see her finally falling for a guy that i 'd pushed her towards it . 
 towards this . 
 i wanted to hurt him . 
 i wanted to make him to bleed . 
 i knew i was just one degree away from losing it completely . 
 `` bianca , please , you ca n't just leave me . 
 just agree to talk to me again , when you feel up to it . 
 i 'll let you pick the time and place , but i ca n't just let you go without a fight . '' 
 `` fine , if you 'll answer one question for me first . '' 
 her voice was stronger now , though the tonelessness of it was worrisome in its own right . 
 `` anything , '' he agreed without hesitating . 
 `` first , agree not to come near me , so stephan can let you go . '' 
 `` if that 's what you want . '' 
 i did n't want to let him go . 
 in fact , i wanted to put my hands around his neck and start squeezing , but that desire let me know just how necessary it was for me to get away from him . 
 abruptly , i let him go , and began to pace , one wary eye still on him , in case he tried to go near her . 
 with every step away from him , i realized how far i 'd gone . 
 i felt sick . 
 i hated violence , but i could n't seem to escape it ; i was a violent man . 
 `` you can come to my house monday afternoon , at five . 
 we can speak then . '' 
 her voice was firm and steady now . 
 and the more she calmed , the more i regretted losing my temper . 
 `` sooner , please , '' james had the nerve to press his advantage . 
 `` waiting until monday will be pure torture . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 monday . 
 now answer my question . '' 
 he nodded , shoving his hands in his pockets , looking as helpless as i felt . 
 `` have you f ** ked jules ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he answered . 
 my hands clenched into fists , and i nearly charged him again . 
 `` but it 's been a long time , '' he added . 
 `` when ? '' 
 bianca prodded . 
 `` a year , at least . 
 i 'm not sure exactly how long . '' 
 `` was it just the one time ? '' 
 her tone was pointed now . 
 he shut his eyes . 
 `` no . 
 but it never meant anything , i swear . '' 
 `` so you 've been sleeping with her for years , and you were going on a date with her after i left tonight , and it did n't mean anything ? '' 
 she questioned . 
 `` i know it sounds bad , but it 's not like that . 
 i 've known her since high school , and our families have ties that go far back . 
 her brother , parker , is a close friend of mine . 
 and she is only a friend to me . 
 i swear it . '' 
 `` but you obviously f ** k your friends . '' 
 her voice had gone flat , and i knew she was shutting him out . 
 at this point , she was just building up her case against him . 
 `` not anymore . 
 anything i had with her means nothing . 
 it never did . '' 
 `` and you 've only known me for a week , '' she shot back . 
 `` what does that say about us ? '' 
 she was done with him , i could tell . 
 i only worried what it had cost her to write him off so quickly . 
 he was n't done trying to change her mind . 
 he did n't know her like i did . 
 it was a lost cause now . 
 `` please do n't do that , '' he implored . 
 `` it 's different . 
 we 're different . '' 
 she turned her back on him . 
 `` please go . 
 i 'll talk to you on monday . 
 and please do n't be on any of my flights . 
 if you are , i 'll work in coach to get away from you . '' 
 he stared at her for the longest time , looking so desolate that i almost felt bad for him . 
 when he finally left , i went to her . 
 i bent down and cradled her into my arms , carrying her to bed . 
 i held her tight , feeling helpless . 
 when she started crying again , i could n't stand it , i broke down with her . 
 but as she sobbed , i realized something . 
 she had n't completely frozen him out yet . 
 she would n't be crying like her heart was breaking , if that were the case . 
 i did n't know what to think , what to hope for . 
 i could n't tell from the conversation just how far james 's betrayal had gone , and how much of it was a misunderstanding . 
 i felt disloyal for even questioning it , but i 'd had such high hopes for them , for her , that it was hard to just let it go . 
 she did n't want to talk about it , and i did n't press the issue . 
 in fact , we barely spoke at all , but on the edge of sleep , when all of the energy had been sobbed out of both of us , i heard her quietly chanting , `` you 're okay , i 'm okay , we 're okay . '' 
 it broke my heart all over again . 
 i had n't heard her fall back on that in years . 
 she was better the next morning , though still not talking about it . 
 i did n't pry , and i had to run interference several times on the smitten captain damien . 
 he was a good friend , and he knew bianca well enough to see something was wrong as soon as he set eyes on her the next morning . 
 he shot me a look . 
 i shook my head at him . 
 `` i can tell she 's upset . 
 did she break up with that guy ? '' 
 he asked me , first chance he caught me without her . 
 i sighed . 
 `` it 's not a good time , man . 
 i 'd just let it go , if i were you . '' 
 i knew he sought her out anyway , tried to offer comfort . 
 i hoped he succeeded , but doubted it was possible . 
 james had already texted me several times before we even took off that morning . 
 james : i 'm so sorry . 
 james : is she okay this morning ? 
 has she said anything ? 
 james : thank you for taking care of her . 
 for being there for her . 
 james : words ca n't express how much i regret how things went last night . 
 james : please believe me when i say that i care for her deeply , and i understand why you 'd be upset with me . 
 things look much different than they are , and i do n't blame you for wanting to protect her . 
 i 'm sorry it came to that . 
 james : i 'd like to talk to you , when you get a chance . 
 james : can i call you ? 
 james : my men tell me she looks pale and drawn . 
 is she all right ? 
 is she eating ? 
 please make sure she takes care of herself . 
 when i checked my phone again , after we landed , i saw that he 'd tried to call me several times during the flight . 
 i was n't at all surprised . 
 i felt torn . 
 i believed him , believed he cared for her deeply , believed he had her best interests at heart . 
 it felt disloyal , and i debated even speaking to him , but bianca told me that i should handle him however i saw fit . 
 she went and crashed for hours after the trip , but i stayed up , looking at my phone and agonizing about what was the right thing to do . 
 `` will you let me explain my side of what happened last night ? '' 
 was the first thing he said when i finally took his call . 
 this was just the thing i 'd been worried about . 
 `` i 'll hear you out , but you need to understand that i wo n't take anything you say to her . 
 she does n't want to hear it , not even from me , if that is your angle . '' 
 `` it 's not . 
 i know what you are to her , and i need you to understand what i 'm trying to be to her . 
 i respect your role in her life , and i 'd like to begin to earn my own place there , as well , because i 'm not planning to go anywhere . 
 you and i should not be at odds . '' 
 i let out an agitated sigh . 
 he sounded so sincere . 
 either he was an exceptional actor , or he meant what he said , meant it earnestly . 
 and what reason did he have to lie ? 
 why would he bother ? 
 `` tell me who that other woman was last night , '' i said grudgingly . 
 `` the one bianca seems to think you 're with . '' 
 `` i 'm not ! 
 she 's an old acquaintance , and that is all . 
 we had a long-standing social engagement for a charity event that happened to fall on last night . 
 i-stephan you have to understand that i have a past , a sordid one , but it is my past . 
 i 've promised bianca exclusivity , and i will stay faithful to that . 
 she 's ... very special to me . 
 i want to create something lasting with her . 
 that 's all that i want . '' 
 fuck . 
 i believed him , and that only made everything more complicated . 
 `` i do n't know what to tell you , '' i said , feeling torn . 
 `` there 's no conflict here , stephan . 
 talking to me is not disloyal to her . 
 we want the same things for her , you and me . '' 
 `` you have to know i ca n't just take you on your word on that . '' 
 `` i understand . 
 all i want is a chance . 
 an opportunity to earn your trust back , and hers . '' 
 there was a long sigh on the other end , and then , `` i 'm in love with her . 
 completely . 
 absolutely . 
 i mean to marry her . '' 
 my eyes tried to bug out of my head . 
 `` she 'll run the other way if she hears you talking like that , you know . '' 
 `` i know . 
 she 's skittish . 
 i understand that . 
 things have happened too fast for her , when i should have taken it slow , but my feelings are real . 
 they are n't going anywhere , and neither am i. '' `` why did you tell her you did n't want to date then ? 
 why were you hiding your relationship with her ? '' 
 `` every woman i 'm seen with undergoes a destructive amount of scrutiny . 
 the press makes things up . 
 they print things about the women that date me , things i 'm not sure i can stand to have said about her . 
 i 'm protective of her too , stephan . 
 this is what that was about . 
 protecting her . '' 
 `` you 've done a shitty job of it . '' 
 `` yes , i know . 
 i can do better though . 
 i just need another chance . '' 
 `` what exactly is it that you think i can do ? 
 my loyalty is to her , always ; and it 's her you need to convince . '' 
 `` i intend to . 
 but i can see how this works , and i need your blessing here . 
 we both know it . '' 
 `` fuck , james . 
 what a mess . 
 i ca n't give you anything , not as things stand , not until you make it right with her . 
 you hurt her , and you need to fix it . '' 
 `` always . 
 i 'll always fix it , stephan . 
 that is my promise to you . '' 
 chapter twenty-two coming out past i was in the hospital when i got the text . 
 it was from a strange number , and so i did n't even look at it at first . 
 james and i were taking turns sitting vigil with bianca , who 'd been brutally attacked just days before . 
 sometimes we flanked her , each taking a hand , because neither of us could stand to be far from her when she was so obviously in need , but a lot of times , like now , the nurse needed to check in on her , and one of us had to move out of the way so she could . 
 this time , i had stepped away from her . 
 it was hard to do , but i knew it was necessary . 
 i had to learn to share her now , as much as that went against the grain of the complexity that was my relationship with bianca . 
 i was in a bad place , though not because of that . 
 it was the attack that had me in a dark state-the fact that someone had hurt bianca . 
 the last few days were an awful blur . 
 the nightmare of finding her sprawled out on her floor , beaten unconscious . 
 i 'd called an ambulance , and just as i was getting in my car to follow it to the hospital , james had pulled up , looking distraught as he saw her being pulled away . 
 we 'd ridden together , followed her here , gone through the ordeal of uncovering all the damage that 'd been done to her together . 
 it was a toss-up which one of us was more messed up about it . 
 i could n't believe what had happened , and how i had failed to protect her . 
 i 'd been just minutes too late . 
 i knew james felt the same . 
 we were bonding , in a way , over it-a shared , impotent self-loathing over how this impossible thing never should have happened . 
 i checked my phone again as i paced outside her room , more to pass the time than anything else . 
 i went through all of my other texts before i checked the one from the unknown number . 
 it 's javier . 
 new number . 
 i just wanted to make sure u r ok . 
 i heard about bianca . 
 is she ok ? 
 that had my heart pumping faster . 
 i programmed his new number into my phone . 
 he had n't contacted me in so long . 
 and here he was , actually being nice to me , actually asking how i was . 
 i tried not to let that make me too hopeful . 
 stephan : i 'm ok . 
 she 's in rough shape , but she 's going to be fine . 
 his response was near instant . 
 javier : thank god ! 
 ty for getting back to me . 
 i 've been so worried . 
 i ca n't believe she was attacked . 
 sending prayers and much 3 your way . 
 that warmed my chest considerably . 
 stephan : ty . 
 it 's really nice to hear from you . 
 ty . 
 javier : let me know if you need anything , or if you ever just want to talk . 
 i 'm here for you . 
 i 'm off until wed , so i can meet up even , if you want . 
 stephan : ty . 
 i 'd like that . 
 it would do me good to see you . 
 javier : can i visit at the hospital ? 
 if it 's not ok , i 'll understand . 
 stephan : no , that 's great . 
 i 'd love that . 
 visit any time . 
 i 'll be here until they discharge her , which wo n't be for a few more days . 
 javier : is now a bad time ? 
 that had escalated quickly , i thought , not at all upset about it . 
 just the opposite . 
 stephan : now is perfect . 
 i could use the company . 
 it only took him twenty minutes to get there , but for some strange reason , it felt like forever . 
 i 'd closed myself off from him a long time ago , but i found that , letting him back in , in even the smallest way , had my feelings for him coming back in great waves . 
 in that time between the texts and direct contact , the anticipation of seeing him again was nearly overwhelming , so much so that , every one of my pores had opened up to let the flood in , as though it were making up for lost time . 
 i missed him . 
 i had n't let myself even think that before , but i let myself think and feel it now . 
 i missed him . 
 why had i let him go ? 
 had it really been necessary ? 
 it had certainly felt necessary at the time , as though i 'd been forced into it . 
 but why ? 
 had it been stubborn pride or self-loathing that fueled that breakup ? 
 i 'd always assumed it was one of the two . 
 even now , with over a year under my belt to think about it , i was n't certain . 
 perhaps it was neither . 
 the scared , rejected kid that still existed somewhere inside of me , the one who knew he was so unworthy he had n't even been guaranteed food and shelter , that boy thought it was panic , just sheer irrational panic at the idea of living my secret out in the open . 
 of showing the way i loved to the world . 
 that kid scared the shit out of me , so much so , i rarely gave him a say in things , but sometimes he was right . 
 bianca was still sleeping ; james camped out beside her , looking awful . 
 i gave him a heads up and went out to the parking lot to greet javier . 
 i met javier just outside the doors . 
 he was carrying a large bouquet of sunflowers , enough to fill his arms . 
 `` for bianca , '' he told me , when i just stared at him . 
 he looked good . 
 so good i wanted to do something completely insane , like kiss him . 
 `` thank you , '' i said , the words coming out low and hoarse . 
 he stared right back for just as long , uncertainty in his eyes . 
 he 'd come for support , but i could see that all he 'd thought he 'd find here was a polite rejection . 
 jesus , i did n't know what to do with him . 
 what to do with myself . 
 for now , i settled for walking him inside . 
 we did n't say much as we brought the flowers to her room . 
 they were already in a vase , so we just found the perfect spot to put them . 
 i introduced javier to a despondent james . 
 bianca was still out , so javier and i went back out into the hallway to talk . 
 `` you look good , '' i finally said , to break the ice , and because it was true . 
 a corner of his mouth kicked up in a crooked smile . 
 `` thanks . 
 you look good too . 
 sad and tired , but good . '' 
 i grimaced . 
 `` it 's been a rough couple days . '' 
 `` i ca n't even imagine . 
 what crazy person would attack bianca , of all people ? 
 do n't they know you 're going to rip them apart with your bare hands now ? '' 
 `` who indeed , '' i said , not wanting to elaborate . 
 he studied my face . 
 `` if you 're worried i 'll tell anyone anything about it , do n't . 
 you can trust me not to say anything , if you wanted to talk about it . '' 
 i nodded shortly . 
 `` thanks . 
 i do n't really want to now , but i might ... some other time . '' 
 we walked down the hallway , and i led us back outside . 
 i needed some air . 
 i hated hospitals . 
 we found a bench outside and just sat there in silence . 
 he did n't sit close to me . 
 we were both being very cautious . 
 i do n't think either of us knew what was happening . 
 `` thank you for checking up on me and for coming by , '' i said , feeling like i was repeating myself , but i did n't know what else to say . 
 no topic was safe for us . 
 `` of course . 
 i texted the second i heard . 
 but ... did you say that because you 're ready for me to leave ? '' 
 `` no ! 
 that 's not what i meant by that at all . 
 i like having you here . 
 i hope you can stay for a bit ? '' 
 `` i can , '' he said simply . 
 another silence swallowed us . 
 it was full of things i was scared to say . 
 finally , i said it . 
 the thing i needed to say , the thing i should have said a long time ago . 
 `` i 'm sorry for the way things ended with us , '' i told him quietly . 
 i heard his gasp and reached blindly for his hand . 
 he clasped mine warmly , with no hesitation . 
 `` i did n't want it to end , '' i added . 
 `` i was n't ready for the things you were asking me to do , but i wish i had been . '' 
 his voice was thick when he replied , `` no , i 'm sorry . 
 i was such a jerk to you . 
 i really regret it . 
 i was just so hurt . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry for that . 
 i was hurting too . 
 and you were right . 
 i just was n't ready to hear it yet . '' 
 `` no , i was n't right . 
 you were . 
 you have a right to your privacy , to dictate how you want to run your life . '' 
 i took a very deep breath and sent him my most honest smile . 
 i knew it was a broken one , but it was mine , and it was real . 
 `` i 'd like to be with you again . 
 i 'm in no rush . 
 we can take it slow , but eventually i 'd like to try to make it work between us . 
 i never did get over you . '' 
 he was suddenly pressed hard to my side , face buried in my neck . 
 `` yes , yes , yes , '' he said against my skin . 
 `` i want that very much . 
 so much . 
 that 's what i 've always wanted . '' 
 i turned my face and kissed him , just a quick press of lips before i pulled back . 
 he was breathless when he said , `` you do n't have to make a big production out of it . 
 you do n't have to throw a party or anything . 
 in fact , you do n't have to say a word to anyone . 
 just stop hiding , stop lying about it . '' 
 he was right . 
 he was so right , and i was finally ready to see it . 
 i was letting the past have too much power over the way i lived my life . 
 i had been for a long time . 
 `` coming out is not as painful as you think , '' javier told me , his tone playful , teasing . 
 `` you 'll barely feel it . 
 trust me . '' 
 `` i did come out once , '' i confessed , watching his face , pulling slightly away , taking my hand out of his . 
 `` to my parents , when i was fourteen . '' 
 that had swept the rug out from under him , going by the stunned look on his face . 
 `` you did ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i nodded . 
 `` i know you love your parents , and you 've told me how supportive they 've been of you , but you 've got to know that 's not typical . '' 
 `` i know . 
 my mother is the best . 
 i ca n't wait for you to meet her . '' 
 `` my parents were not like that . 
 i knew they would n't be , but i told them anyway . 
 you know why ? '' 
 he shook his head , solemn eyes carefully scanning my face . 
 i clenched my jaw , clenched my fists . 
 `` because i was hurting . 
 physically . 
 mentally . 
 i was conflicted and surrounded by people that would not , could not ever accept what i was . 
 who i was . 
 i 've told you that my dad was abusive . 
 well , i thought he might kill me when i told him , in fact a part of me , a big part of me , expected him to . '' 
 i cleared my throat . 
 `` not even expected . 
 i wanted him to . '' 
 he was blinking his eyes rapidly , and i looked away before continuing . 
 `` so i told him , laid it all out . 
 we beat the shit out of each other . 
 i could n't help it . 
 i fought back . 
 no matter how much i 've ever hated myself , i 've always had that instinct to defend . 
 to survive . 
 `` i do n't know how long we fought . 
 i remember it was light when it started and dark when i lost consciousness . 
 i guess my mom finally got fed up waiting for him to overpower me , because she clocked me on the back of the head with a frying pan . '' 
 javier was crying . 
 he reached for my hand , and i let him take it . 
 my eyes were dry . 
 `` i woke up in his work shed , in the backyard . 
 he 'd tied me to a chair and tied the chair to a wooden beam . 
 i could n't budge it . 
 could n't move my arms or my legs . 
 `` there was just one dim light in the shed , but i could see him when i woke up . 
 he was just sitting there staring at me , hate in his eyes . 
 disgust . 
 so much disgust . 
 like i was everything he hated and feared in life , sharing air with him , his own flesh and blood . 
 `` god , he hated me . 
 i swear , to this day , i can taste that hate , chew on it until bile rises up in my throat to gag me . 
 it was what he felt for me , but it was so strong , i think he projected some of it into me . 
 it 's hard to have your own father feel that way toward you and not feel some of it yourself . 
 not hate yourself at least a little . '' 
 i took a few deep breaths , trying to ignore the awful noises javier was making on my behalf . 
 `` did i tell you my dad was an electrician ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 he was sobbing nearly too hard to answer , but i finally made out a sobbing , `` no . '' 
 `` well , he was . 
 not a very good one , i do n't think . 
 or at least , not good at making a living out of it . 
 his brother often had to help him pay his bills . 
 but he was good enough , i guess , to rig up this thing . 
 this grid looking contraption . 
 he had it all set up in the shed , hooked up to my temples , and , '' i waved at my torso , `` some stuff stuck to my chest . '' 
 `` oh , god , '' he gasped in horror . 
 my mouth twisted unhappily . 
 `` his own homemade version of electroshock therapy , i guess . 
 you see , he knew before i 'd told him . 
 he 'd been doing some research , heard you could cure a person with the right brand of pain . 
 well , okay , i know that 's not the science behind it , but that 's how it felt at the time . 
 what he did just felt like torture . 
 my dad was no scientist . '' 
 `` it was torture , '' javier sobbed . 
 `` he tortured you . '' 
 he said it like he could n't believe , like it was too horrible to actually have happened to someone he knew . 
 someone he cared about . 
 story of my life . 
 not many people could relate to the things i 'd been through . 
 `` yeah , well , he called it curing me . 
 it did n't work , obviously . 
 i do n't think even he believed that it would . 
 i 've since read up on it , and he was n't even trying to use the usual methods . 
 he just shocked me , over and over , and said awful things to me . 
 he did it until i passed out again . '' 
 `` i do n't know who untied me , but when i woke up i was laying on the floor . 
 i went inside the house , packed a bag . 
 my dad tried to keep me from leaving . 
 we fought again as i walked out the front door , but he finally got fed up and told me to leave and never come back . 
 i left . 
 i was on my own after that . 
 a homeless runaway . 
 alone , until i met bianca . '' 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' javier said , burrowing into me like he wanted us to merge . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 i never should have pressured you . 
 i did n't know . 
 i did n't know . '' 
 i held him to me , let him comfort me , comforted him . 
 it was some time later when i spoke again . 
 `` the good news is , coming out this time has got to go better than the first time . '' 
 he did n't find that very funny . 
 chapter twenty-three my privilege present james i woke with a violent start . 
 a desperate sort of anxiety had a very firm hold of me . 
 i tamped it down as much as i could , but it simmered , always , just beneath the surface . 
 i was alone in bed , when i should n't have been . 
 i had the foresight to throw on some loose athletic shorts before i headed into the courtyard . 
 there were no security personnel inside the house at night , but there were several on the property , keeping a close eye on the grounds at all hours . 
 i stormed to the closest guard station , but a dressed down clark met me before i reached it . 
 he lived in a large guesthouse situated near the back of the estate . 
 it was his home , but it also held the largest guard post on the property . 
 i caught a glimpse of someone behind him whose presence and state of undress surprised me , but i made a point not to stare . 
 `` she 's with him , '' he said shortly . 
 i nodded , and taking a deep , steadying breath , i turned on my heel and changed directions . 
 i only knocked once on the door before javier opened it . 
 `` she 's fine , '' he told me instantly . 
 `` they 're both fine . 
 i was just about to call you . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 i asked , still agitated from waking up alone and to a panic that i doubted would ever leave me completely . 
 `` our bedroom . '' 
 i moved past him , headed there . 
 it did n't even occur to me to ask permission . 
 where bianca was i had a right to be . 
 this was the order of the universe . 
 calm , the first i 'd felt of it since waking up alone , filled me at the sight i found in their bedroom . 
 we found them curled together in a heap , bianca burrowed into stephan 's na ** d chest , his face buried in her soft hair . 
 they were beautiful together like that . 
 it made my gut wrench to see it . 
 what was one 's normal reaction to finding the love of your life in bed with another man ? 
 well , i had no trouble picturing what it would have been , if that other man had been anyone else . 
 but stephan was , of course , the exception to all rules and boundaries . 
 `` it 's what we signed on for , '' javier said quietly , eyes glued to them . 
 `` they 're a package deal . 
 there 's no way we can claim we did n't have fair warning . 
 and i 'm not sad about it . '' 
 `` bianca would n't be bianca without stephan , '' i said softly , my voice succinct . 
 javier nodded solemnly . 
 `` and clearly , he 'd rather die than lose her . '' 
 `` i owe him everything . '' 
 it was debt that was so integral to my being now that i felt it deep , a part of me that resided in the very marrow of my bones . 
 `` he does n't see it that way . '' 
 this was a rare moment for us to talk . 
 `` i hope you know that anything i have is yours . 
 anything , any want or need that either of you have , anything on this earth , know it 's yours . '' 
 `` we know . 
 thank you . '' 
 `` those are n't just words . 
 i mean them literally . '' 
 he smiled wide . 
 `` oh i know . 
 we 're living in a mansion that you bought us . 
 does n't get more literal than that . 
 aside from this , though , we 're simple people . 
 we do n't need much to enjoy our lives . '' 
 `` well , never hesitate to come to me if you require anything . '' 
 he nodded , eyes back on them . 
 `` they need each other . 
 i 've never seen anything like it , but i know , for a certainty , that if one of them had died in that shooting , the other would n't have survived it . 
 they met when they were broken and fixed each other . 
 the things it took to fix them formed them together into something that ca n't , and should n't , be taken apart . '' 
 `` perhaps you guys should stay at the house for a bit longer , '' i said wryly . 
 they 'd been staying at our house since the shooting . 
 this was the first night they 'd left our house for theirs . 
 clearly , that had been a premature development . 
 `` you see , i ca n't be without her , either , '' i said softly . 
 `` there has to be a peaceful way to share , and her leaving my bed for his is not it . '' 
 javier chuckled softly . 
 `` yes , i can see that . 
 so how should we do this ? 
 shall we move back in tonight ? '' 
 i glanced at him briefly before my eyes returned to my woman , locked in another man 's arms . 
 i could n't stand the thought of disturbing her rest . 
 she needed it . 
 javier sighed . 
 `` we ca n't just watch them all night . 
 and that bed is n't big enough for four . '' 
 i did n't point out that there were lots of other beds . 
 i was pretty sure javier hated sleeping without his injured stephan as much as i despised the idea of my bed without bianca in it . 
 i was resolute , but not bitter or upset , not about this . 
 i 'd made the grievous mistake at the beginning , thinking that patience , and stephan , were my lesson , the price to be close to her . 
 tolerating their closeness was something to be born , to be endured , is what i 'd been foolish enough to think . 
 they were not . 
 they were my privilege . 
 i tried to be reasonable and had settled on sleeping at their house , camping out in the closest guest room . 
 that lasted for about an hour before i took up residence outside their door , back against the wall , arms folded over the top of my knees . 
 i leaned my head back and closed my eyes , sleeping in fits and starts for a few more hours . 
 i went back into the room when i heard their voices . 
 they were still huddled together on the bed , speaking in low-pitched tones , faces close . 
 they stopped when they noticed me looming over the bed . 
 `` james , '' bianca said softly , rolling onto her back . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 did i disturb your sleep when i left ? '' 
 i shot her an exasperated look , turning my attention to stephan . 
 `` we 're heading back over to our house . 
 you and javier are coming with . 
 clearly we separated you guys too soon . '' 
 he just nodded . 
 i reached down and snatched bianca out of his arms and up into mine . 
 i nodded at him once , kissing the top of her head tenderly before i started to carry her back . 
 `` are you upset ? '' 
 she asked as i moved . 
 `` yes , but not at either of you . 
 it was an upsetting way to wake up , but i 'll live . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i just woke up , remembered , realized he was n't in the house , and i had to see him , had to touch him , to reassure myself . '' 
 `` trust me , i know the feeling . '' 
 our extensive security had come out in force with all the activity . 
 we 'd had to hire several extra people , all carefully chosen by clark , and i was still getting used to the new faces . 
 it was not an easy adjustment , especially now , as they all lined the path from stephan 's house to ours , a scantily clad bianca in my arms . 
 she wore nothing but a thin slip with a whisper of a thong underneath . 
 i almost chastised her for it , with all of the security we had on the property , but i bit my tongue . 
 she had n't been thinking , she 'd been reacting , and i could certainly sympathize with that . 
 `` is she okay , sir ? '' 
 one of them asked . 
 my eyes swung to the young man that had said it . 
 he sounded legitimately worried , as though he cared beyond the job . 
 it raised my hackles a bit , but i smoothed them back down . 
 i knew more than anyone did just how unreasonably jealous i could be when it came to bianca . 
 i was working on it , as it was a condition that was both bad for my relationship and my well-being . 
 i told myself that the man was just doing his job , though a part of me did n't believe it . 
 joseph was his name , i recalled . 
 twenty-five , clean cut . 
 blond and handsome , in a nondescript kind of way . 
 a blank slate of a man , exactly the kind i felt most threatened by . 
 `` she 's fine . 
 give us some privacy . '' 
 they dispersed like a silent cloud , and i tried to shake off my dark thoughts . 
 i carried her up to our room , settling her in bed . 
 `` can i get you anything ? 
 are you hurting ? '' 
 she was in considerable pain , she admitted , and i brought her pills and water . 
 she downed them and lay down . 
 i lowered myself carefully beside her , taking her gingerly into my arms . 
 she -lrb- not gingerly -rrb- burrowed into me , plastering her lush body to my clenched one . 
 it was as torturous as it was pleasurable . 
 `` i want you , '' she said into my neck , her hand snaking down . 
 i stifled a groan and caught her hand , jaw clenched , body throbbing . 
 `` no . 
 it 's too soon , love . 
 you need to rest . 
 and heal . '' 
 she must have agreed , because she fell asleep between one breath and the next . 
 i , unfortunately , did not , though this arrangement was a marked improvement over the earlier one . 
 it was the next morning , over breakfast , that i mentioned , `` i think clark and blake are sleeping together . '' 
 `` i already guessed , '' bianca said , without batting an eye . 
 `` they 're totally in love . 
 just mad for each other . '' 
 `` how long has that been going on ? '' 
 `` since the shooting , i think . 
 nothing like almost losing someone to show you how you really feel about them . '' 
 no kidding , i thought . 
 chapter twenty-four my ravenous self it was some endless span of time later , after the shooting . 
 weeks that felt like ages . 
 time i 'd spent agonizing and worrying . 
 i 'd adjusted almost completely to working from home , as i would n't even consider leaving her side while she recovered . 
 my businesses suffered through some minor hiccups for this , but nothing catastrophic . 
 all of it had become rather relative , besides . 
 so what if a few other people helped me run things , and i lost control over some of the minute details that used to consume me ? 
 i could n't even recall why it was so important to manage it all myself anymore . 
 what was the worst that could be happen ? 
 i 'd become slightly less filthy rich ? 
 we were dining privately , and bianca was being very quiet . 
 too quiet . 
 she was up in her own head again , though her worries were always the polar opposite of mine . 
 she worried about me . 
 my stress levels , my lack of sleep , my unmet needs . 
 it was a difficult thing to grow accustomed to , as i could n't remember the last time , pre-bianca , that someone fretted over me . 
 not since my mother , i supposed . 
 she cleared her throat and brought her level stare to meet my troubled one . 
 `` i heard you talking on the phone earlier , to your detroit manager . 
 it sounded as though the situation would best be handled if you went there in person . 
 i think you should do it . 
 you ca n't stay home with me forever . 
 i 'm perfectly self-sufficient now , and even if i were n't , i have stephan and javier next door , not to mention all of the staff . '' 
 i did n't even consider it . 
 she may have been ready for that , but i was not . 
 `` maybe in a week or two , '' i told her , not meaning it , but using it as a subject ender . 
 i went back to my food , feeling her presence acutely to my left . 
 i was a focused man , but i could not be in a room with bianca without at least half of my attention on her at all times . 
 her presence was a great gaping void in my concentration-my ultimate distraction . 
 i caught her sigh out of the corner of my eye and turned my attention on her fully . 
 she set down her utensils , sitting back in her chair . 
 `` was it not to your liking ? '' 
 i asked her , eyeing up her barely touched dinner . 
 she 'd finished only about a third of her filet and less than half of her vegetables . 
 `` it was very good . 
 i just was n't that hungry . 
 i think you actually need to expend energy to work up an appetite . '' 
 the words hungry and appetite coming out of her succulent mouth with that soft voice of hers was enough to make me hard , though it was a fact that it did n't take much these days . 
 i looked at her , keeping my eyes squarely on her face . 
 i 'd taken one look at the little dress she was wearing earlier and decided wisely not to look at it again . 
 my control was hanging on by the thinnest thread , and that dress , or more specifically , the body it revealed more than clothed , was more provocative than i could stand . 
 it was overkill , really . 
 inflammatory , when i was already on fire . 
 still , if i let my mind wander for even a second , i could picture it perfectly-her body in that dress . 
 it was palest peach , a lovely color on her , feminine and loose , with ruffles at the neck and hem , and so minuscule that it could have been a shirt . 
 i had to force my mind away from any thoughts about her long , bare legs in it . 
 it also exposed nearly her entire back , just one t shaped strap was all that covered her from her shoulder to the little dimples above her ass , which was torment for all kinds of reasons . 
 one being that her back drove me mindless . 
 the other being that it meant she was braless , and that drove me from mindless to madness incarnate . 
 the neckline was decent enough , but the sides of the dress were cut severely , on account of the back , leaving the sides of both br ** sts exposed , so much so that the wrong movement could slip her clean out of it . 
 i took a few deep , grounding breaths for control . 
 i allowed myself one brief glance at her bare neck . 
 her choker was locked away , since the injury . 
 the sight of her neck without it always made my fingers twitch restlessly . 
 this also brought my mind to other things she 'd lost during her long hospital stay . 
 like both of her nipple piercings , which brought my mind to her br ** sts , the absolute last place it needed to go . 
 in spite of myself , i glanced at the white skin of one rounded tit where it nearly spilled out of the side of that damned dress . 
 and felt myself begin to shake . 
 i looked away , setting down my fork and knife , attempting to hide the fine tremor that ran through the entire length of me and seemed to be most apparent in my hands . 
 `` james , '' she said , voice quiet and solemn , almost chiding , like she knew what afflicted me . 
 like she held the cure if only i 'd reach for it . 
 she did , of course , but i would n't let myself reach . 
 not yet . 
 it was too soon . 
 she 'd nearly died and needed time to recover , time unsullied by my selfish , unquenchable need . 
 i did n't look at her directly , but needless to say , i was still hyper aware of it when she stood and moved to stand at my side . 
 i took in a deep breath , then let it out , calming myself and taking her in all at once . 
 she touched the top of my head lightly with her elegant fingers . 
 `` oh , james , '' she sighed , tone gentle enough to make me ache . 
 she stroked her hand into my hair , gripped it lightly , and started to pull . 
 she leaned forward , pressing my tense head to her soft bosom , both offering support and taking succor . 
 i shut my eyes tight . 
 the image of me putting my ravenous self on her wounded self was a crystal clear picture in my head . 
 obsessively , repetitively , day and night , asleep or awake , i pictured this . 
 it was very nearly too much to bear ; this voracious , prodigious need of mine . 
 i 'd not gone through a celibate stage like this since i 'd become sexually active , back in my teens . 
 in the beginning of our relationship , when bianca had left me , i 'd come close , but this spell had since outlasted that one . 
 it was an ordeal . 
 i jerked off at least five times a day , to cope with the readjustment , but it was about as satisfactory as eating cardboard instead of steak . 
 my traitorous hands moved to grip the bare backs of her thighs , keeping her leaning against me . 
 after one inflamed , torturous moment , i tore myself away . 
 she let me go , moving back to her seat . 
 i looked at her , making my gaze go to the bandaged side of her face , which i usually avoided , but not now , because i needed that reminder of why i had to put her needs before my own . 
 her injury was still dressed from the latest round of reconstructive surgery , covering one side of her face from cheekbone to jaw . 
 it was a sobering sight , not because it was grisly , in fact , i could n't even see the actual wound , it was covered so thoroughly , but because it was a stark and clear reminder of what had almost happened . 
 that reminder was dampening , which was what i needed at the moment . 
 i finished eating , and bianca quietly excused herself . 
 i knew where she was going , and i forced myself to move in the opposite direction . 
 if i followed her to her painting studio , watched her work on and around a canvas in that f ** king dress , i 'd surely snap and lose all restraint . 
 she was not recovered enough for my unrestrained self . 
 i tried not to follow her , to hover , as that was not what she wanted , but it was a constant struggle against myself not to check in on her . 
 instead , i took up residence in my home office and attempted to work . 
 that lasted all of thirty seconds . 
 that fast and my mind was wandering back to her and back to the image of my ravenous self on her recovering self , and i recalled rather urgently that i was do for another jerk off session . 
 i had just pulled my erection from the oppressive confines of my pants when my office door opened with no preamble . 
 this was unusual . 
 bianca never came to my office . 
 she stepped inside , then shut the door behind her , not looking even slightly surprised at what i 'd been up to , while i found myself flushing in embarrassment . 
 her eyes were unflinching on mine as she approached . 
 i 'd pushed my chair back from the desk in preparation for my after dinner jerk session . 
 there was enough space between for her to fit . 
 she did , facing me and leaning back until her ass was perched right on the edge . 
 i raised my desperate eyes to her devastating ones . 
 our gazes never wavered as , at the bottom of my vision , she lifted her wispy little dress up to bare herself . 
 with a sigh of defeat , i let myself look , but only for the briefest moment . 
 no panties , as i 'd suspected . 
 my eyes , as they returned to hers , were pleading now . 
 i could n't fight her and myself . 
 myself was bad enough , but i 'd never been any match for her . 
 not for one lovesick second since the first time i 'd set eyes on her . 
 `` you need more recovery time , love , '' i told her , voice desperate , heart pounding . 
 `` shh , '' she soothed , holding her arms out for me , her skirt falling back down to barely cover the essentials . 
 with a shudder , i moved into her , sliding my chair close between her legs . 
 i rested my cheek on her soft , bare thigh and attempted and failed to hold onto any vague shred of my once dependable control . 
 she stroked her fingers through my hair . 
 it was n't long before i raised my head to take her in again . 
 `` grip the edge of the desk with your hands , '' i told her roughly , unsteady hands lifting her skirt , letting myself look my fill at last . 
 `` i 'm off the painkillers , '' she told me . 
 my eyes jerked to hers , nostrils flaring as i caught what she meant me to . 
 we both knew i would n't touch her impaired . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked , just to be sure . 
 `` i do n't like them , and the pain is manageable . '' 
 `` you ca n't do that . 
 you ca n't make yourself suffer on my account . '' 
 `` do n't put this on yourself . 
 this is how i 've always been . 
 i never could stand to take pain medication , no matter the reason , so as soon as it becomes bearable , i stop . '' 
 i shut my eyes tight and took a deep breath , so torn i was doubting myself . 
 `` please , mr. cavendish , '' she breathed . 
 she was ruthless . 
 i was lost . 
 i turned my head , burrowing my face between her legs , tasting her . 
 my moan was almost loud enough to drown out hers . 
 a taste turned into a feast , and i lapped at her , one hand pinching the tip of my c ** k to hold off on coming as my other hand delved between her thighs to finger her . 
 she came undone fast , thank god , as i jammed two fingers into her and pushed my tongue repeatedly against the swollen nub of her clit . 
 i pulled my face away to look at her as my hands went still , stopping her on the brink . 
 i did n't have to tell her . 
 she knew what to do . 
 she begged . 
 with a smile , i pulled my fingers loose . 
 she cried out a protest that i had expected . 
 anticipated . 
 i wanted to be inside of her before she got off . 
 i was n't stingy with her pleasure , but it 'd been too long , and i could n't wait even a few more minutes to take my own . 
 my dick was already out and ready , but i shrugged off my shirt as i stood . 
 i did n't take off her dress , but pulled the front between her br ** sts , baring them for my eyes . 
 at the sight , i moaned , and shook , and bent to suck the tip of one quivering globe into my mouth with enough pressure to make her cry out hoarsely . 
 i palmed the other one , filling my hand and squeezing her pliant flesh . 
 with a curse , i found the buttons at the back of her neck , and pulled the top down , baring her torso . 
 i pushed her tits together , then loudly sucked my way from one to the other . 
 she panted my name , still begging . 
 i straightened with a curse and obliged . 
 i met her devastating eyes as i plunged into her , filling her at last . 
 her tight cunt enfolded me with a welcoming grip . 
 it was pure heaven to feel what i 'd only been able to fantasize about so vividly these past torturous weeks . 
 neither of us could stay quiet . 
 a few cursing , groaning , moaning thrusts later , and i laid her back , pulling her h * ps forward . 
 `` arms above your head , '' i told her gruffly , watching her tits move while she did it . 
 `` keep them there , '' i told her , eyes moving back to her face as i leaned forward to press my chest to hers , lining us up until my face was just inches from hers . 
 i kissed her mouth with the barest touch , more sweet than passionate . 
 it was all i would get for a great while , as that was one of the injured areas . 
 her lips looked fine , still lush and whole , but inside i knew that several of her teeth had been reconstructed , along with half of her jaw . 
 it would take quite some time for her to fully heal . 
 even the reminder of her grisly wounds did n't slow my ardor that time . 
 i was already moving my h * ps in earnest , rutting in her with near mindless abandon . 
 i watched her eyes as i moved , trying my damnedest to wait for her release . 
 it was a close thing . 
 i could have come the second the tip of my c ** k made direct contact with her cunt . 
 i let myself go the instant i felt her tight sheath begin to squeeze me as she orgasmed . 
 i emptied deep inside of her , pumping out every last bit , still going for minutes afterwards , rubbing it all out , every drop . 
 i kissed her softly on the mouth again , just the briefest touch before i pulled her dress from where it was bunched at her waist , dragged it down her h * ps and off her , and tossed it over my shoulder . 
 i took my mouth to her body again , devouring every available inch of her trembling alabaster skin . 
 i partook of her like a man starved . 
 not one bit of her was safe from the base of her jaw to the bottom of her feet . 
 i pulled out of her as i moved lower , and we both moaned at the loss . 
 her arms were still drawn obediently above her head as i suckled my way down to her navel , nuzzling , licking , kissing , inhaling . 
 i was panting like i 'd sprinted a mile when i came up for air . 
 `` let 's go to bed , '' i told her , voice thick . 
 the damage was done , the dam broken open , and as i 'd known , once i started , i was unable to stop . 
 i 'd wear us both out , rub us raw , before i had my fill . 
 i straightened , my heavy-lidded eyes fixed with obsessive attention on her pink sex as she lowered her arms and sat up . 
 something caught my attention , out of the corner of my eye . 
 my brows drew together as i turned my head slightly to look . 
 my eye caught and fixated on a tiny drop of blood that had fallen from one of her closed fists , and dripped onto the edge of the desk . 
 my breath caught , and i grabbed one of her hands , prying it open . 
 i found a bloody mess inside , four deep crescent marks cut into her flesh . 
 with a savage curse , i checked her other hand . 
 it was the same . 
 i could n't even look at her face as i darted away , rushing to grab the first aid kit . 
 i did n't speak as i tended her wounds , my jaw clenched hard to keep any condemning words from lashing out of me . 
 finally , when i was finished , and felt i 'd adequately calmed myself , i looked up at her and asked , `` did you do that deliberately ? '' 
 she just stared at me for the longest time , her face enigmatic . 
 licking her lips , she nodded . 
 it made me feel desperate and a touch enraged . 
 had i made her like this ? 
 she 'd had a clear leaning when she met me , yes , but i was worried that this was new territory , where she needed the pain with the pleasure . 
 required it . 
 had this always been the case , or was i just now seeing it ? 
 it had always been there , to some degree , i realized , but was it getting worse ? 
 i took a few deep , steadying breaths , to manage my anger . 
 it was a sharp anger that came from a gripping fear . 
 i had to be good for her , needed to be , like nothing i 'd ever needed before . 
 but if ever there was evidence to the contrary , this was it . 
 my voice , when i spoke , was hard and cold with an authority that i needed her to respond to accordingly . 
 `` you do not hurt yourself , do you understand me ? 
 and there are things that we never do . '' 
 my tone went from cold to harsh . 
 `` we do not draw blood . 
 we do not puncture . 
 those are not healthy outlets for what we feel or need . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 she nodded , her breath catching . 
 `` it was just ... it 's been too long . 
 i 've become addicted to this feeling . 
 i was trying to draw it out , and i went too far . 
 i should have done what you were doing , weeks ago , and just started getting myself off in the shower . '' 
 i did n't know what to make of that . 
 she always knew how to throw me . 
 what she could n't understand was that it made me panicky to think i 'd disappoint her in this . 
 she was a natural , a true purist to the lifestyle , and it terrified me . 
 i knew she enjoyed the sensation of pain far more than i could ever bear to hurt her . 
 she did n't use her safe word , so i had to be the one to judge the limit for both of us . 
 i was horrified by that . 
 and more turned on by it than any other thing i 'd experienced in my life . 
 i set my jaw . 
 `` do n't do anything like that again . 
 understand ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` say it out loud . '' 
 `` i wo n't hurt myself again . 
 i 'll show more restraint . '' 
 i kept staring at her , my eyes silently chastising her . 
 `` i swear it , mr. cavendish . '' 
 chapter twenty-five my acute itch past james i took in the room , scratching at the scars on my wrists absently . 
 they were n't fresh scars , had been healed over for years now , but they still bothered me . 
 i made myself stop , as i always did , lest i make the embarrassing marks even more noticeable . 
 i moved over to a particularly interesting demonstration , one of several placed throughout the room . 
 a man had a woman bound to a thick wooden post . 
 he was thrashing her enthusiastically . 
 it made my blood pump hard through my veins . 
 i 'd come to the right place , i had no doubt . 
 i 'd been fixated on bdsm for quite a while , and now that i was eighteen , i was allowed into some of the more hardcore clubs . 
 i had n't done much . 
 some spanking , a lot of dirty kinky talk , and a completely excessive amount of bondage . 
 even the most vanilla of vanilla girls could usually be talked into letting me tie them up . 
 i 'd done all of the usual kinky stuff . 
 but i did n't want the usual . 
 i wanted the exceptional , a much heavier dose of the thing that i 'd come to obsess about-to crave . 
 i needed more . 
 it was the most acute sort of itch , the kind that made that first scratch feel so good , like nothing else , so good that once you started scratching , you scratched it raw , consequences be damned . 
 i was a man of extremes , and i scratched it bloody . 
 inside of me was an anger , a rage , an inferno of it , one that did n't need fuel . 
 it never had , that i could remember . 
 it seemed to feed on itself . 
 it would never go away , but every ounce of control i exerted and maintained made it more bearable . 
 so much of this , of all of the things i did with my body , was about control . 
 there was a hot young thing standing next to me , watching the couple on stage . 
 it took me about half a second to notice her , and when i did , i turned with a smile , sizing her up . 
 she wore an interesting series of leather straps , nipple clamps , and thigh high boots . 
 i was n't completely ignorant about this lifestyle . 
 i knew about subs and doms , and i knew that this hot young thing was the former , and i was the latter . 
 it all seemed pretty simple to me . 
 `` i 'm james , '' i told her , leaning close . 
 she started , gave me wide eyes , and leaned right back , bringing our faces close . 
 `` i 'm rose . 
 do you have a sponsor ? '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` someone to introduce us . '' 
 i shook my head , leaning closer . 
 `` i do n't . 
 it 's a pleasure to meet you , rose , '' i lowered my voice into a conspiratorial whisper , `` see what i did there ? 
 we can introduce ourselves . '' 
 `` oh , '' she said , biting her lip . 
 i could tell she wanted me , and i doubted she 'd tell me no . 
 `` are you with anyone ? '' 
 i asked her , to be polite . 
 i did n't know the rules here , so i just went with the usual . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` do you want to f ** k ? '' 
 she gasped at the crude question . 
 i smiled , enjoying the shock on her face . 
 `` i 'd like to do more . 
 i 'd like to tie you to one of these displays in here and put on a demonstration of our own , eventually , but right now , i 'm horny , and all of that can wait . 
 so what do you say , rose ? 
 you want to f ** k ? '' 
 with one more trembling gasp , she nodded . 
 i had her propped up on a table that held an impressive assortment of floggers . 
 i was on the tail end of f ** king her silly , in fact had just made her come , when i heard a throat clearing loudly behind me . 
 with only the vaguest twinge of annoyance at the interruption , i held up a finger , indicating i 'd be with them in just a moment , and finished . 
 i pulled out , removed the condom , threw it away in a wastebasket just under the table , and tucked myself back into my pants before finally looking at the intruder . 
 it was a small , beautiful woman . 
 she had masses of ink black hair and had collected an impressive amount of ink on her arms . 
 she did not look pleased . 
 i gave her a bland smile . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 `` you 're new , '' she observed . 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm james . 
 nice to meet you . '' 
 she shook her head , looking exasperated . 
 she shot rose a look . 
 `` get cleaned up , sweetie , '' she told her , tone soft . 
 `` this was n't your fault . '' 
 rose left , shooting me one last longing look over her shoulder . 
 i gave her a smile that let her know i was n't finished with her . 
 `` you do realize that what you just did could get you kicked you out of this circle indefinitely . '' 
 i cocked my head to the side . 
 `` interesting . 
 which part ? '' 
 `` approaching a sub without a sponsor . 
 this is not a pick up joint . 
 this is not a place where you can operate how you normally do . '' 
 `` she was amenable . '' 
 `` that is not the point . '' 
 i gave her a wicked grin . 
 `` you look like you could use a good f ** k , too . 
 i 've been remiss . 
 you 're a beautiful woman . 
 i 'm sure we can figure out a solution here . '' 
 she was shaking her head before i 'd finished . 
 `` you really are new at this , huh ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i just saw this club here with a triskele over the door , figured what the hell , i 'll give it a shot . '' 
 `` if you ca n't take this at all seriously , you might as well go . '' 
 i flashed her a conciliatory smile . 
 `` i 'm only kidding . 
 i meant no harm . 
 what 's your name ? '' 
 she smiled back warmly . 
 `` i 'm frankie . 
 and i 'm going to do you a huge favor , james . '' 
 it was on the tip of my tongue to suggest a specific sexual favor that i would n't mind from her , but i held it in . 
 `` what favor would that be ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to take you under my wing , before you get yourself into trouble . 
 you can thank me later . '' 
 turns out , i did . 
 chapter twenty-six my ownership present for a long time , after the shooting , i could n't sleep through the night . 
 bianca slept like a baby most nights , like she never had before , like every worry she 'd ever had had disappeared with the death of her father . 
 but not me . 
 i was more restless than ever . 
 a miracle had saved her , not me , and i felt helpless because of it . 
 it was not a feeling that fit me well . 
 in fact , it made my skin crawl in discomfort . 
 in anger . 
 it had been months since the attack . 
 she and stephan were healed physically , and , it seemed emotionally , but i felt the wounds as though they were fresh . 
 what had almost happened haunted me . 
 i was a man that needed control , and i 'd been shown , in the starkest way possible , that i had none . 
 i sat scant feet away from our bed , watching bianca sleep . 
 she was nude , with not so much as a sheet covering her . 
 i 'd seen to that . 
 i watched her lithe form shift on the bed , one long leg hitching up to give me a glimpse of the pink between her legs . 
 i felt like a f ** king stalker . 
 in fact , i was one , watching her for hours on end , night after night . 
 i tensed when i realized she 'd roused . 
 it disturbed her that i could n't sleep , when she deserved peace more than anyone did . 
 she sat up , and i watched her heavy br ** sts swaying with the movement . 
 `` james . '' 
 her voice was the softest utterance . 
 `` love , '' i answered , feeling the dark mood that had overtaken me lift in an instant . 
 just having her eyes on me could do that . 
 she crawled across the bed toward me . 
 she 'd always had an uncanny ability to do exactly the thing that would drive me the most wild , and she 'd only gotten better at that over time . 
 she did n't hide her body from me as she moved . 
 in fact , she posed for me , even the exposure of her body an act of submission . 
 as though reading my thoughts , as though even those were a command , she paused on the edge of the bed , parting her legs to let me look my fill before she rose , approaching my chair . 
 i stood to meet her , my body drawn tight , my c ** k throbbing as though i had n't come , buried inside of her , just hours before . 
 i was a statue as she leaned up to my ear , my brows drawing together in a question . 
 her lips touched my ear as she spoke . 
 `` hurt me , '' she whispered raggedly . 
 my eyes shut tight , my jaw went slack , and a shudder wracked my entire body . 
 i 'd avoided all of the rough stuff since she 'd been injured , but god had i missed it . 
 `` we do n't have to , bianca . 
 it 's not necess - '' she gripped my hair , pulling my face down to her injured cheek . 
 she dug her jaw into me so hard that i knew it must have hurt her badly . 
 it was nearly healed now , but i knew it was still tender . 
 `` i need it , '' she rasped into my ear . 
 `` i 'll never stop needing it . 
 please . '' 
 i pulled back , and my hands trembled as i cupped her face in my hands , my eyes searching hers desperately for what i wanted to see . 
 need . 
 yes . 
 she needed this as much as i did . 
 more so . 
 `` get on the bed , '' i told her thickly . 
 she obeyed , backing away from me , keeping her eyes on me the entire time . 
 `` on your back . 
 spread your legs . 
 wider . 
 arms above your head . '' 
 we were at the vegas property , no fourth floor in sight , and so i only had to walk to a dresser to find what i needed . 
 i was uncharacteristically clumsy as i bound her to the bed . 
 i wanted so badly for everything to be perfect , to the point that i was nervous about it . 
 her arms went directly above her head , drawn together , and knotted to the headboard . 
 her feet i drew wide apart , spreading her legs until i stretched her . 
 i ran a finger across one tautly drawn inner thigh , shuddering in pleasure at the way it made her quake under my hands . 
 i bent and kissed the spot briefly . 
 `` so sensitive here , '' i murmured into her skin . 
 i knew just where to start . 
 i stood back and watched her when i 'd finished with her restraints , my lids heavy , my blood pounding . 
 every ounce of nervousness left me at the sight . 
 the sight of her bound both soothed and enflamed me . 
 she gazed back at me steadily , her body shifting restlessly , h * ps tilting , br ** sts heaving , pink flesh wet and exposed . 
 i chose a simple leather flogger , a delicate cat o'nine , to break her back in again . 
 i propped myself on an elbow between her legs , dragging the flogger 's thin tails along the sheets , teasing it across her inner thighs . 
 abruptly , i snapped it up and back , watching her face as i struck the bed . 
 she jerked , giving me wild eyes when she realized i had n't touched her . 
 i gave her a smile that made her squirm , back to dragging the tails against her sensitive flesh , back and forth , from knee to groin . 
 the torment of anticipation was every bit as sweet as the bite of the whip . 
 my c ** k pulsed , my heart pounded . 
 with a wicked grin , i snapped the tails against the bed again . 
 hard . 
 she gasped , h * ps circling . 
 i trailed the flogger up her leg , passed it briefly over her sex , moving it toward her belly . 
 i met her eyes as i flipped it , suddenly and abruptly , whipping it back to lash her inner thigh with a quick flick of my wrist . 
 she jerked and moaned . 
 i swung my wrist again , catching her other thigh , then slowly , almost lazily , i began to whip it back and forth . 
 i never rose off my elbow , never used my other hand as i slowly tenderized her pale flesh . 
 it was not a punishment . 
 we had worked beyond that . 
 this was so much more than the usual game of bondage and submission . 
 bianca was a purist of the form , a masochist that enjoyed being dominated sexually . 
 we needed no artifice , no little lines to justify the things we needed from each other . 
 i looked down at her thighs , watching the whip as i set to work on her in earnest . 
 her inner thighs , from a few inches above her knees to just below her groin , were pink with lash marks by the time i finished . 
 even so , she did n't want me to stop . 
 she moaned out a protest when i so much as paused . 
 i shot her a chastising look as i leaned forward , shifting until my mouth hovered over her slick flesh . 
 with a soft groan of my own , i bent down and started sucking hard on her clit . 
 she was primed already and came screaming with a few rough pulls of my mouth . 
 i 'd reached my limit , as well . 
 i rose from my lazy elbow , climbing up her body . 
 i left her bound while i f ** ked her rough , sucking her tongue while i drilled my hard length into her soft body repeatedly . 
 i pulled back to watch her face as her cunt began to clench around me , i shoved harder into her , rocking my h * ps from side to side to jar along her walls . 
 i came hard . 
 i rocked into her roughly and shot deep inside , rubbing out every bit of my seed , letting her milk me to the last drop . 
 she 'd be sore tomorrow ; every shift of her body would remind her how i 'd taken her repeatedly through the night . 
 remind her of my total ownership of her body . 
 it was only fair . 
 after all , she had claimed complete ownership of my soul . 
 it was minutes later , when i 'd caught my breath that i got off her and went to the closet . 
 when i came back , i paused to take her in for a long time . 
 she was still bound , body limp , eyes sleepy but on me . 
 i opened the large jewelry box in my hands , watching her face . 
 she gasped . 
 i took her delicate collar out , approaching the bed . 
 i climbed between her legs , to hover over her prone form , propping myself on one elbow , setting the collar against her chest with the other . 
 `` are you ready to wear this again ? '' 
 her eyes were pure liquid on mine . 
 enough so to drown in . 
 `` always , '' she said , with relish . 
 `` i never wanted to take it off . '' 
 i had n't wanted that either . 
 they 'd cut it off , in fact , in the hospital . 
 i 'd had to have extensive repairs done to it , but it was as beautiful as ever . 
 i moved up her body to straddle her , using both hands to fasten it , my fingers smoothing over it . 
 `` are n't you going to lock it ? '' 
 she asked . 
 that warmed my chest . 
 her willingness . 
 her enthusiasm for a thing that had once intimidated her . 
 i smiled into her eyes . 
 `` of course , love . '' 
 i had to untie her to get at her nape . 
 she bent forward eagerly , flipping her hair out of my way . 
 a shiver of delighted relief ran through me as i locked it into place . 
 chapter twenty-seven my verdict we were at the new york apartment for the first time since the shooting , and she was at least healed enough for us to make full use of it . 
 we 'd just barely started traveling again , and it was a fact that we 'd both been looking forward to this . 
 i was fairly brimming with anticipation . 
 bianca was acting giddy with it . 
 she was never like this . 
 she could barely hold still . 
 it was adorable . 
 and sexy . 
 i gripped her hair at the nape , hooked a finger in her collar , and watched her face , seeing where in the room her eyes wandered first . 
 we were poised in the doorway of our neglected playground . 
 i tensed when she looked longingly at the piercing table . 
 she 'd mentioned a few times , lately , about wanting her nipple piercings back . 
 everything had been removed when she 'd gone into surgery , after the shooting . 
 i was torn on the issue ; it had been on my mind , as well . 
 i 'd finally come to a decision about it . 
 `` you wo n't like this , '' i began , `` but i 've decided not to pierce you there again . '' 
 `` what ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` it 's a bad memory for me , when i did those piercings . 
 i lost it . 
 lost my mind . 
 lost my temper . 
 lost control . 
 i went too far with you , in a few different ways . 
 i 've apologized several times for that , and you seem to be over it ... but the entire thing is a hard memory for me , so i 've decided that 's not a marker i want to put on you . '' 
 `` do n't i have a say ? '' 
 `` you can always say no , to anything , but you do n't get to force a yes . 
 i 've made up my mind . 
 also , i learned from that loss of control . 
 i wo n't be putting my hands on you , not for pleasure or pain , when i 'm angry with you again . 
 it 's a rule i should have made from the beginning . 
 it just was n't anything i 'd run into before . 
 there was always such an emotional disconnect between me and my subs . 
 it left me ill-equipped to deal with my emotions where you were concerned . 
 the subsequent onslaught of feelings was ... an adjustment . '' 
 she looked surprised . 
 `` whatever you 're comfortable with . '' 
 `` this is what i 'm comfortable with . 
 the burden is on me , and this is the solution i came up with . '' 
 `` so no piercings . 
 that 's the final verdict ? '' 
 i smiled , watching her face as i said , `` i did n't say no piercings . '' 
 she looked intrigued . 
 `` what did you have in mind ? '' 
 `` do you trust me ? '' 
 she did n't hesitate . 
 `` of course . '' 
 joy bloomed in my chest . 
 i leaned forward , kissing her softly . 
 i did n't deepen it . 
 i was still very careful with her face . 
 the bandages were off , the surgeries done , the wounds healed . 
 she had a scar along her cheek , but it was n't disfiguring , which was a miracle , all things considered . 
 i did n't think it marred her beauty at all , but i was still wary of touching it . 
 it continued to be a raw wound for me , what had happened to her . 
 as though reading my thoughts , one of her hands covered mine , pulling it up to her face , she cupped it over the side of her face that had been injured . 
 i pulled back , bringing my other hand and cupping her face in both hands . 
 `` you can touch it . 
 it does n't bother me . 
 i wo n't break . '' 
 i traced it with loving fingers . 
 `` it does n't hurt to kiss , either ? 
 it 's not tender . '' 
 `` no . 
 it 's not . 
 you do n't have to hold back so much . '' 
 i just kissed her for a long time , letting it deepen , until passion ruled , and we were breathing each other 's air , my mouth relearning hers after so much time away . 
 eventually , i guided her to the piercing table . 
 i fastened her wrists to the table , but left her legs unrestrained . 
 i pushed them wide . 
 `` keep them open , '' i ordered , going to prep . 
 she squirmed as i slid on tight latex gloves . 
 i went through the careful , meticulous steps of piercing her naval . 
 when i was finished , i straightened , and waited . 
 `` that was it ? '' 
 she asked , shifting restlessly on her back . 
 i gave her a smile that was all teeth . 
 `` not quite . '' 
 i pinched the hood over her clit , rubbing the soft flesh . 
 `` any objections ? '' 
 i asked her , as i prepped the area . 
 `` you 're going to pierce my clit ? '' 
 she asked , sounding a bit panicked at the notion . 
 i waited a bit to answer , enjoying her tense impatience as i continued to work on her . 
 `` not your clit . 
 i do n't want to risk you losing any sensation there . '' 
 i pinched the area i was going to pierce . 
 `` i 'm going to pierce the hood of your clit . 
 it heightens sensation , if done right . '' 
 she swallowed hard , chest heaving . 
 `` have you done that before ? '' 
 `` no , but i 've done my homework . 
 i 'm confident i can do it . 
 any objections ? '' 
 she took a deep breath , closed her eyes , and submitted to the point of going limp . 
 `` no objections . 
 please , mr. cavendish . '' 
 chapter twenty-eight at peace present stephan in front of our loved ones , on a perfect day in december , at a private resort in bali , our own little slice of paradise , i took javier as my husband , joined my life with his . 
 they were not legal vows , but spiritual ones , which was all that mattered to me . 
 without even one ounce of shame , in front of all of those people , i said i do and kissed my groom . 
 we kissed like we were just learning how . 
 like the sensation of my mouth pressed to his mouth was a new invention . 
 i melded my lips to his and kissed him like there was nothing else , nothing to precede or follow , like this was the final act , the only one . 
 this kiss was a vow . 
 a promise . 
 it was the sacrament and the ceremony that bound us together . 
 this kiss was all . 
 and then . 
 we threw one hell of a party . 
 it was a celebration of pure joy . 
 we danced . 
 we drank . 
 we howled at the moon . 
 we reveled . 
 we loved . 
 the party lasted four crazy , wonderful days . 
 i 'd never been so happy . 
 never felt so at peace with every part of whom i was , what i 'd been through , where i was going . 
 never been so accepting of all that was me . 
 bianca gave the best man toast at the reception . 
 it was short and succinct . 
 she hated hated public speaking , but did n't hesitate to do it for me . 
 she held up her champagne glass and turned to me , her eyes bright . 
 she was breathtaking in a clingy light blue dress with a simple cut , her hair loose and tousled with the ocean breeze . 
 `` i think everyone knows that stephan and i have been attached at the hip for quite a while now . 
 we 've had each other 's backs since we were teenagers . 
 a decade and counting . '' 
 there was cheering , and she smiled at me , love shining in her eyes , so clear and true i could have reached out and touched that love , held it in my hands . 
 `` i 've always been proud to call you my best friend , '' she spoke directly to me . 
 `` always . 
 unspeakably proud . 
 you are the kindest person i have ever met . 
 your kindness has healed me . 
 no one could ever have a more loving best friend . 
 your love has quite literally kept me breathing on this earth , more than once . '' 
 of course , i was tearing up . 
 bianca rarely spoke like this , and never in front of other people . 
 i knew how hard it must have been , and that made it all the more special . 
 `` you 've always accepted me , '' she continued . 
 `` categorically . 
 unconditionally , you have embraced all that i am , every part of me , the good and the bad , the hard and the soft . 
 that acceptance saved me . 
 we had it rough for quite some time , you and i , but having you with me , having you love me , having you there to take care of me-we both know i would not be here without you . 
 `` but as good as you are , '' her voice caught , and she took a steadying breath to continue , `` as good as you are , as worthy of love , we both know that it was a long journey for you to finally learn to love and accept yourself . '' 
 she turned to javier , her crystal clear eyes boring into his bright shining ones , tears running down his face . 
 `` i hold you solely responsible for helping him complete that journey . 
 thank you , javier . 
 thank you so much . 
 i ca n't express in words , ca n't ever properly illustrate the level of gratitude i feel for what you 've done , for helping my dearest friend finally learn to accept and love himself . 
 i 'm so thankful , so happy to welcome you into our family . '' 
 chapter twenty-nine my torn loyalties present james i wiped my mouth with a napkin , setting it down carefully , looking across the table at my friend . 
 we often met up for lunch , so i 'd had no reason to see this coming . 
 i stared at tristan . 
 he was one of my closest friends , and i wondered why he was doing this to me , putting me in this position right before my wedding . 
 i sighed . 
 `` tristan , this is bianca 's department - '' `` bullshit . 
 she hates organizing this stuff . 
 either you or the wedding planner are handling these kinds of details . '' 
 i grimaced , rubbing at my temple , feeling torn by both a need to protect danika and respect her wishes , and an acute sympathy for tristan and the way i knew he felt about her . 
 i was one of the few that knew what had happened between them . 
 `` i do n't think this is going to go the way you think it is , '' i told him , my tone careful . 
 gentle . 
 `` i 'm not asking you to control that part . 
 that part is my burden . 
 i 'm just asking you to seat me by her . 
 just give me something , some contact , an opening to get her to speak to me again . '' 
 he swallowed , looking away . 
 `` please . '' 
 how could i say no to that ? 
 there was an entreaty in his voice that i could not deny . 
 i tried one last time , for danika . 
 `` tristan , why ca n't you just let this go ? '' 
 but i knew . 
 even after six long years , years of bitter separation , an endless , silent , hostile standoff all laying heavy across each of those years , tristan was a man obsessed . 
 `` listen , '' he started haltingly . 
 `` even if she never-even if i , ugh , there are some things i need to change . 
 i ... i 'm not who i was . 
 i 'm not the junkie that broke her heart and ruined her life . 
 i know i 'm not . 
 but i need her to know that . 
 her eyes break my heart every time i look at them . 
 if nothing else , i need to look in those eyes and see that she understands that i 've changed . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` closure , '' i tried . 
 he sliced an impatient hand through the air . 
 `` no , not f ** king closure . 
 closure is bullshit . 
 a f ** king myth . 
 what i 'm looking for is peace . 
 anything approaching absolution . '' 
 `` you only love like this once , '' tristan explained to me . 
 `` i do n't know about women , but i do n't think men were made to survive this twice . 
 that 's okay , though . 
 it 's worth it . 
 even if it all blows up in your face , it 's worth it . 
 do n't take one single second of it for granted . '' 
 poor bastard . 
 i felt for him , now more than ever . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , my friend . 
 so sorry you and danika had to take different paths . '' 
 his eyes went wild . 
 `` no . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 no . 
 we 're not on different paths . 
 she 's my path . '' 
 how could i tell him no , when i knew exactly how he felt ? 
 i just did n't have it in me . 
 i could be a very hard man , but not to those i cared about , not to those i loved . 
 `` swear you 'll never hurt her again . 
 not in any way . 
 promise me . '' 
 i had to say it , even knowing how he 'd react . 
 such was the nature of my torn loyalties . 
 his eyes went wild , his shoulders bunching up , as though it took every muscle in his body to keep his gut reaction toned down to something appropriate for this quiet restaurant . 
 the room was suddenly too small for him . 
 `` you think you need to tell me that ? 
 you think it 's your place ? '' 
 an impotent rage dripped from his words . 
 he was angrier at himself than he was with me , because we both knew why i had to ask . 
 he 'd broken her once , and though i had faith in him now , in who he 'd become , i had to hear the words . 
 i did n't flinch from his rage , meeting his wild stare with my calm one . 
 `` she 's my friend . 
 i care about her , and you 're asking me to help you get close to her again . 
 it 's not a comfortable position that you 're putting me in , and i just need to hear you say the words . '' 
 he took a few deep breaths , looking away , his rage deflating out of him , and i could see the reason flowing back in . 
 `` i swear . 
 i wo n't hurt her . 
 i 'll spend the rest of my life trying to make up for the times that i have . '' 
 i nodded , satisfied with that . 
 `` c'mon , james , '' he said , smiling now , a broken smile , managing his anger like the grownup he 'd become . 
 `` i keep hearing all of these matchmaking stories about you . 
 why are you so hesitant to use that talent for my benefit ? '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` i 'm new at it . 
 not yet qualified to interfere in your mess of a love life . 
 i need to work up to a task like that . '' 
 `` that 's a terrible attitude . 
 where 's the arrogant prick i 've come to know and love , who thinks he can run the world ? '' 
 i ignored that , sighing deeply , my mind on my future wife . 
 `` bianca is n't going to like this . 
 she 's grown fiercely protective of danika . '' 
 bianca reacted about how i thought she would , though i did my best to put her in a good frame of mind before i told her . 
 i came home early from work , wandering through the house until i found her playing in the closet , her back to me . 
 i stood in the doorway , silently watching her for quite a while . 
 she had her wedding dress out , a veil on her head , more hair accessories laid out on the closet 's large table , as though she was deciding which to wear . 
 she was dressed in some lacy white underthings that i assumed were meant either for under her wedding dress or after the wedding . 
 i loved her in lace . 
 pale lace , a perfect foil to her flawless alabaster skin . 
 antique lace was my favorite , the stiff kind , that upgraded her skin just a bit , but this was up there , too . 
 just then she wore soft , stretchy lace , all of it starkly white . 
 every bit of it screamed bride . 
 my blood coursed through my veins , my c ** k swelling and throbbing in time to the erratic rhythm of my heart . 
 my eyes moved over the lace topped stockings that ran up her thighs as she bent down . 
 i moved a few steps closer to her to see what she was doing . 
 she was fastening some delicate white heels on her feet . 
 her long hair cascaded over her shoulder as she played dress up with her wedding finery . 
 god , had i ever looked upon a more lovely sight ? 
 she looked both pure and sinful all at once . 
 it was the most heady combination . 
 i wanted to ravish her more than i wanted to breathe , but i held back , savoring the vision of her first . 
 inhaling the feast before i partook . 
 my c ** k pulsed persistently as i started quietly unbuttoning my shirt . 
 i reached for my belt next , and the sound of it dropping to the floor finally penetrated . 
 she jumped , her hand flying to her chest . 
 when she recovered , she glared . 
 `` one of these days , i really am going to put a bell on you . '' 
 that surprised a laugh out of me . 
 she glanced down at the front of my pants , where my erection tented the material out . 
 her lips parted as her breath quickened `` is n't it bad luck for me to see you in the lingerie i 'm going to f ** k you in at the wedding ? '' 
 she gave me a rueful lift of her brow . 
 `` you 're getting things mixed up . 
 you do n't f ** k at weddings . '' 
 `` make love . '' 
 she laughed , the sound music to my ears . 
 `` you do n't make love at weddings , either . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` it 's ... inappropriate . 
 and besides , there 's no place to do it . 
 it 's usually in a place crowded with other people . '' 
 `` the wedding reception , then . '' 
 `` after the reception , maybe . '' 
 i smiled at her fondly . 
 she knew me better than that , but i did n't pursue it . 
 it would come up later . 
 guaranteed . 
 `` stand on the table , '' i ordered her abruptly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i pulled a stepping stool that was used to reach shoes up to the closet 's large island dresser . 
 `` get up there , '' i told her with a smile . 
 `` heels off , '' i added , when she started to move . 
 she bit her lip and did it . 
 i looked up at her once she was up there , gauging the position . 
 i moved to stand on the footstool , then motioned her to me , until she was close enough that i could lean forward and kiss her naval , tonguing the piercing there . 
 `` will your wedding dress be too thin to hide nipple clamps ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she gasped . 
 `` hmm , okay , i 'll work around it , '' i said , then pulled off her thong with my teeth . 
 i threw her leg over my shoulder , gripped her ass in both hands , and went to town on her pu ** y , eating her out , feasting on her sweet pink flesh . 
 i used my tongue to move the little barbell against her cl * t as i shoved my fingers into her , finger f ** king her right to the brink . 
 when she was close , i took my mouth away , ripped my fingers out , and shrugged her leg off my shoulder . 
 i held my arms up to her . 
 she leaned unsteadily into them . 
 i lifted her down . 
 i took off my slacks . 
 there was a long narrow bench along one of the walls , and i pulled it out . 
 one of its sides was much taller than the other , and i leaned back on it . 
 it was meant for putting on boots , but it had other , better uses as well . 
 i put my arms behind my head and looked at her . 
 `` straddle me , '' i ordered . 
 she straddled me easily with those long legs of hers . 
 the bench made for easy access cowgirl . 
 i gripped her h * ps and looked up into her face as she rubbed her pu ** y over my broad tip . 
 she still had on the lacy white bra , and i left it on . 
 it was transparent enough that i could see her pebbled ni ** les pushing tightly against the material . 
 `` give me your mouth , '' i commanded . 
 she leaned forward , brushing her lips over mine softly . 
 i parted her lips , pushing my tongue inside . 
 my hands moved from her h * ps to cup her face as i pushed up into her . 
 she moaned into my mouth . 
 i held still like that , not moving my h * ps as i held her impaled and kissed her , over and over . 
 `` we need to discuss some wedding details , '' i told her between kisses . 
 she groaned , and it was n't with pleasure . 
 i pulled away , hands going back to her hips , eyes on her face . 
 i lifted her slowly up and down my thick shaft , setting a pace meant to tease more than satisfy . 
 and her tightness , and my thickness , made it so each drag in and out held a little slice of torture . 
 i quickened the pace , surging up into her harder , filling and withdrawing , time and again , but never enough . 
 i stopped abruptly , hands going up into her hair . 
 i dragged her down for another series of long , drugging kisses . 
 she groaned loudly as my tongue parted her lips , thrusting inside . 
 i kissed her , not moving inside of her , until she was on the brink . 
 i tore my mouth away , gripping her ass , and slowly began to move my hips , leisurely thrusts . 
 i quickened my pace , driving in more forcefully , but only for a short time . 
 i stopped , grabbed the back of her neck , and dragged her down for another deep , branding kiss . 
 i repeated the teasing process , time and again . 
 i was moving her slowly up and down my shaft when she cried out suddenly , `` is this a punishment ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said surprising myself . 
 `` just a bit of sweet torture . 
 savoring the bliss , love . 
 have i told you how much i love it when i catch you playing wedding dress up , oh bride of mine ? '' 
 she almost smiled , but i 'd put her in a state of rapturous agony , and it was more of a pained grimace . 
 i groaned . 
 i could feel my balls tightening up , my body long since wanting to come , but instead i lifted her off me . 
 she cried out a protest , and i shot her a warning glance as i stood . 
 hooking a finger in her collar , i pulled her from the closet to the bedroom . 
 i told her to stand still by the bedpost and went to the toy dresser . 
 her lacy white thigh-highs were driving me wild , and i barely took my eyes off her to reach for restraints . 
 i cuffed her arms up above her head , attaching them to a hook high up on the bedpost . 
 i filled one hand with a plump tit , the other with her straining neck , rubbing my broad tip against her slick entrance . 
 with a groan i surged into her , moving fast and rough this time , f ** king her with purpose . 
 i squeezed her neck when she started to come , exerting just enough pressure to enhance her pleasure as she found her release . 
 i followed with a groan , leaning down to bite the tendon in her neck . 
 later , over dinner , i told her about tristan 's request . 
 she looked as conflicted as i felt . 
 `` danika wo n't like it , '' she said simply . 
 `` we ca n't do it unless she agrees to it . '' 
 `` i 'll talk to her . '' 
 she made a face . 
 `` i can ... if you want me to . '' 
 i laughed , could n't quite hide a smile . 
 we both knew how much she 'd hate the task . 
 i did n't like it much either , but of course i 'd do it , to spare her having to . 
 danika took it much better than i expected , quickly making a point to reassure me that she could play nice and would n't cause any drama at the wedding . 
 `` even if you have to sit next to him ? '' 
 i asked carefully , feeling like i was walking through a field of land mines . 
 we were at the casino . 
 i 'd called her up to the office during working hours , because it seemed like something i should tell her about in person . 
 she took a deep breath , but then nodded , not even looking upset about it . 
 `` that 's fine . '' 
 `` even if you have to walk with him in the wedding ? '' 
 `` it 's fine . 
 i 'm fine with it , james . 
 if i ca n't be nice to one person for one day , your wedding day , then what kind of a friend would i be ? '' 
 i was hugely relieved . 
 i 'd been expecting the worst . 
 `` thank you , '' i told her sincerely . 
 `` do n't mention it , '' she said with a smile , shocking the hell out of me , and went back to work . 
 chapter thirty my sin and my temple stephan 's speech at our wedding reception seemed tailor made to make me embarrass myself . 
 it was short , but packed a hell of a punch , one aimed right at me . 
 `` i think everyone here knows that i 'd do just about anything for bianca , '' he began , giving her a soft smile . 
 `` and it 's no secret that i can be a little overprotective where she 's concerned . 
 i do n't think anyone will call bullshit on me when i say she 's someone i 'd be happy to take a bullet for . '' 
 several laughs for that . 
 their story was well known among our friends . 
 `` it 's also no secret that i think she 's the most wonderful woman on earth . 
 best girl in the world , as far as i 'm concerned . '' 
 he turned to face me . 
 `` i never thought i 'd find someone that was worthy of her . 
 i always figured , if she finally found a guy she liked , i 'd have to put up with it , but i just assumed i would n't like him . 
 who could ever love her as much as she deserved to be loved , as much as i loved her ? 
 who could live up to that ? 
 who on earth could possibly be good enough for my bianca ? 
 and then she met james . 
 a man so perfect for her , so good for her . '' 
 that got to me , and i found myself blinking rapidly . 
 `` that i never could have seen it coming , '' he continued . 
 `` i 'll admit it was n't all that smooth right from the start . 
 we had some hurdles to overcome . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` i might have tried to choke him out . '' 
 laughs broke out . 
 `` but it was only the one time . '' 
 more laughs . 
 he waited for them to quiet , smiling all the while . 
 `` bianca and i have a friendship that not everyone can understand , steeped in years of history that make it incapable for us to be apart from each other for any length of time . 
 `` and something that always worried me , even more than worrying i 'd hate the guy she ended up with , was the idea , the near certainty that he would n't understand or tolerate what bianca and i mean to each other . '' 
 he spoke directly to me , his eyes bright . 
 `` but i need n't have worried . 
 you are just the person that she needed in her life , for so many reasons . 
 thank you for seeing the same thing in me . 
 thank you for never trying to diminish what she and i are to each other . 
 thank you so much for never questioning , never complaining about this package deal you got . '' 
 i nodded at him , eyes suspiciously moist . 
 he raised his glass to me . 
 `` welcome to the family , brother . '' 
 i tucked bianca 's body into mine , kissing her temple , then nuzzling my face into her soft , white blonde hair as we danced . 
 i 'd intended to behave myself for a few more hours , or a few more songs , at least . 
 really , i had . 
 but it was useless . 
 i spoke into her ear , `` are you wet ? '' 
 her step faltered . 
 i 'd clearly caught her off guard . 
 `` i 'm going to take you into the woods and ravish you . 
 i 'm going to bind you , claim you , brand every inch of you as mine . 
 mine . '' 
 i heard her breath stutter in and out unsteadily , waited a beat for it to steady , still dancing with her , a slow sway to the music . 
 `` i have the perfect spot , '' i added . 
 `` it 's a bit of a walk , but we need some distance . '' 
 i let her process that before i added , `` this wo n't be quiet . '' 
 i could feel her trembling . 
 i smiled into her hair . 
 i did n't make our excuses to anyone . 
 it was our wedding , and we 'd be back because one thing was certain , we would n't be sleeping tonight . 
 i simply walked off the dance floor , slipped away from the party , and pulled her into the woods . 
 i 'd set a lantern out for us in a spot on the trail that led from the reception tents to the house . 
 there was enough moonlight for me to see the trail , but not much else . 
 i 'd be finding the lantern by memory , since i 'd hidden it here unlit . 
 we were nearly to it when i heard a noise that had me stopping in my tracks . 
 i pressed bianca to me , putting my hand over her mouth . 
 `` shh , '' i breathed in her ear . 
 there it was again , a soft voice in the dark , one that i recognized . 
 `` tristan , '' danika said softly . 
 a short ways up the path , i could make out the shadow of a couple embracing . 
 a few beats later , the sounds of lips clashing drifted to us , followed by some unmistakably passionate moans . 
 `` holy shit , '' i whispered in bianca 's ear . 
 she did n't answer . 
 she could n't . 
 i still had my hand over her mouth . 
 i started inching toward the spot with my lantern , figuring at this rate , if we did n't leave , we 'd soon be hearing them having sex . 
 danika started whimpering loudly , and it was n't from pain . 
 tristan moaned almost as loudly . 
 more , louder whimpers , another deep-throated , desperate moan . 
 i inched a little closer to the lantern . 
 one of their shadows seemed to climb the other , and they began to move away . 
 tristan had picked her up and carried her off . 
 like a f ** king caveman . 
 i covered my mouth with my free hand to stifle a laugh . 
 bianca started struggling against my hold , and i took my hand from her mouth . 
 `` was that danika ... with tristan ? 
 were they ... ? '' 
 bianca paused for a long moment , clearly at a loss . 
 `` what on earth was that ? '' 
 `` that was about damn time is what that was . '' 
 `` you approve of that ? 
 them hooking up ? '' 
 `` wholeheartedly . '' 
 `` well , i do n't think i do . 
 he hurt her . 
 badly . 
 i 'm team danika on this one . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` he did . 
 but people change . 
 he wo n't hurt her like that again . 
 i 'm certain of it . '' 
 `` so you 're team tristan , then ? '' 
 i pulled her against me in the dark , finding and kissing the tip of her nose . 
 and copping a feel . 
 `` i 'm team happily ever after , love . 
 and as impossible as it seems now , those two wo n't be happy with anyone but each other . '' 
 she made a disbelieving noise . 
 `` i think you 're wrong . '' 
 `` well , only time will tell . '' 
 `` i think we should stop them . 
 danika will regret that later . '' 
 i started walking , tugging her with me . 
 `` i think not . 
 we 're not interfering . '' 
 `` that 's not what you said when tristan rigged the seating in his favor . 
 you were all for interfering then . '' 
 i smiled in the dark , and knew she could hear it in my voice when i spoke . 
 `` team happily ever after , love . '' 
 i snagged an arm around her waist and started tugging her again . 
 i found the hidden lantern , lit it , and headed into the woods , away from the house and the reception . 
 there was no trail , but i knew the way . 
 we walked for about five minutes in silence before we came to a clearing . 
 the sound of a nearby creek and our progress through the brush was the only noise that accompanied us . 
 `` stay there , '' i told her , and lit four torches i 'd driven into the ground earlier . 
 the clearing was small , surrounded by a tight circle of trees . 
 i 'd chosen the area because it was secluded , and one of the trees had branches that were just the right height and strength for what i planned . 
 everything was already laid out : spreader bar with white leather ankle cuffs , an armbinder that had been designed to match her wedding dress , a white riding crop . 
 i grabbed the armbinder . 
 it was a conical , single glove sheath that hugged her arms from her fingertips to just above her elbows . 
 i tugged her to stand under a strong low-hanging branch , pulled her arms behind her back , and began to bind them tightly together . 
 `` you planned this out rather meticulously , '' she pointed out breathlessly . 
 i smiled down at her , a wry twist of my mouth . 
 `` are you surprised ? '' 
 she laughed , a joyful sound . 
 `` i should n't be . '' 
 `` while you were off getting hair and makeup done for the wedding , i was planning bondage and debauchery in the woods . '' 
 she let out another happy laugh . 
 it rang out loudly . 
 i pulled her arms up high behind , and strung her from the tree with a strict strappado-a position that stretched her into helplessness . 
 i pushed the riding crop into her mouth , making her bite down on it , and left it there . 
 it was not meant for spanking , not tonight . 
 tonight it had other uses . 
 a dark , heavy anticipation pumped through my body , making me throb . 
 i circled her . 
 i kneeled behind her , getting under her long skirt , spreader bar at the ready . 
 i softly kissed the back of each lithe stocking-covered leg , then swiftly strapped and buckled her ankles into the contraption , spreading her legs far apart to do so . 
 i dragged the skirt of her dress up and pressed hard against her from behind . 
 i did n't take anything off , just pulled my heavy erection out , pushed her panties to the side , grabbed each end of the crop , pulling it out of her mouth and dragging it down flush against her hips , using it as a handle with both of my hands , taking some of the pressure off her shoulders in this position , and started f ** king her hard . 
 she was already sopping the second i made contact with her , but it was n't a smooth ride . 
 it was jerky , frenzied , and quick . 
 i jarred into her at a pace meant to take her over the edge , and myself in the process , the tight press inside of her squeezing and sucking at me with each desperate thrust . 
 i hit the end of her , poured my seed into her womb as she clenched and milked me with her own orgasm , and started again . 
 i took her arms down , used the armbinder to fasten her arms in front of her now , and rigged them up above her head , pulling them high and securing them there . 
 i released her from the spreader , straightened , wrapped her legs around my waist , and shoved into her again . 
 i gripped a hand in her hair , the other cupping her cheek , and stared into her eyes as i took her again . 
 i went much longer this time , rutting in her for long minutes , lost in her eyes . 
 they were pale windows to her soul , and i saw straight to it , with no impediments . 
 it was the most intimate joining . 
 she was my sin and my temple . 
 i both worshipped and defiled there . 
 gloried and desecrated . 
 revered and debased . 
 in her , i 'd found my own earthly paradise . 
 `` you 're mine , mrs. cavendish , '' i told her , voice full of wonder . 
 `` yes , '' she breathed , `` yes , mr. cavendish , and you 're mine . '' 
 i arched my back and came , eyes never leaving her . 
 i f ** ked her , made love to her , again and again , c ** k marking her as mine , filling her with my se ** n , greedy in the claiming and the taking . 
 eventually , i relented and led her , with mussed hair , a wrinkled gown , and on unsteady legs back to our celebration , hand in hand , sated and content . 
 i felt so complete , so content in my bones , so lucky . 
 chapter thirty-one my paradise the honeymoon was tailor fit to my own personal idea paradise . 
 five days . 
 no staff . 
 not a soul but us on an island that belonged to me . 
 she was not allowed clothes , not even at meals . 
 i lost myself in her softness . 
 completely and forever . 
 we wallowed in each other , for days , the perfect celebration of our union . 
 the first day was a delight of the senses , and i reveled in her body until she was beyond begging for mercy . 
 at one point she went limp . 
 i 'd gotten carried away , and she 'd fainted . 
 i panicked a bit , but got her to rouse and sat her up , so relieved and remorseful that i shook with it . 
 `` my apologies . 
 i forgot myself . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 she said she was . 
 i let her rest . 
 the second day we slept , got up once to eat , i lazily got her off with my tongue , and we slept some more . 
 day three we walked along the beach for hours , spilling all of our secrets and dancing na ** d along the sand . 
 it was a joyful outpouring of our souls , one of the most memorable and profound days of my life . 
 we made love on the beach and got sand in some interesting places . 
 we went out into the water , our na ** d forms joined together as the cool water lapped against us . 
 i held her for hours like that , watching the sea and the sky and marveling at the wonder of life . 
 the fourth day we walked to a hidden lagoon . 
 we spent the day swimming and lazing away the hours . 
 the fifth day we barely left the bedroom . 
 i left her sleeping for but five minutes , to get us cups of water , and came back starved for her , as though we 'd been apart for days instead of minutes . 
 i sat carefully beside her sleeping form . 
 i bent over her , brushing her lips with mine , then slowly , slipping my tongue in her mouth . 
 she started when she woke , but quickly settled into the kiss . 
 i moaned when she started sucking on my tongue . 
 i shifted , holding her face to mine as i swept my tongue across her lips . 
 i pulled back slightly to look into her sleepy eyes . 
 i slipped my fingers down to her mound , rubbing them lazily through her soft folds . 
 she shifted , a flush rising to her cheeks . 
 i found her cl * t with my index finger and circled it . 
 i felt it swell under my touch . 
 `` did you miss me ? '' 
 i asked her , rubbing more firmly . 
 `` yes , and no . '' 
 `` both ? 
 why both ? '' 
 `` yes , because of this . '' 
 she gasped as i pushed a finger into her . 
 `` no , because i needed a bit of sleep . '' 
 i smiled . 
 she had a good point . 
 i 'd been an animal , claiming her body in every conceivable way , day and night , since she 'd become legally mine . 
 speaking of which . 
 i stood up beside the bed , looming over her , wearing nothing but white linen trousers and heavy lidded desire . 
 `` sit up , '' i told her . 
 `` take it out , '' i ordered , nodding down at the prominent bulge at the front of my pants . 
 she obeyed , looking dazed , eyes glazed with passion . 
 her fingers fumbled with the ties , the side of her wrist brushing against my erection . 
 i pushed it harder against her , clenching my jaw , holding back a groan when she freed it , and it jutted out at her , inches from her face . 
 a whisper from her mouth . 
 bianca took a deep breath , as though inhaling it . 
 i was fully erect , swelled to my full size , the broad head of my c ** k stretching toward her parted lips . 
 she licked those luscious lips and stared like she was starving . 
 my balls tightened , hard length jerking restlessly , then bobbing with the bounce of its own weight . 
 she gasped when a drop of pr ** cum spilled out the aching head , glancing up at me , as though asking for permission . 
 i pushed my h * ps forward that last little bit . 
 `` lick it , '' i ordered her roughly . 
 with happy sigh , she lapped at it with her soft pink tongue . 
 the look of bliss on her face was gratifying , to say the least . 
 she continued to lick it clean with slow , concentrated zeal until i told her to stop . 
 she pulled back , staring at my cock , another spurt of liquid rewarding her attention . 
 she bit her lips and looked up at my face , as though asking for permission . 
 i nodded . 
 `` go ahead . 
 lick it clean again . '' 
 she obeyed with long , slow swipes of her tongue . 
 i clenched my jaw , hands made into fists . 
 she pulled back , and more pr ** cum dribbled over to tempt her . 
 `` there 's more , '' i said roughly . 
 `` lick it all up . 
 every drop . '' 
 with a moan , she lapped it up . 
 `` good , love , now suck on the tip . '' 
 we both moaned as she slid her soft lips over my engorged head . 
 her eyes looked up at me as she sucked , her tongue stroking the underside of my tip with each hungry pull . 
 `` take me deeper , '' i gasped , `` i want to feel the back of your throat . '' 
 tipping her head forward , she slowly drew me deeper , her tight throat hugging my tip , her tongue moving busily along the underside of my shaft . 
 we 'd been working on her deep-throating skills . 
 she 'd come far in a short amount of time . 
 i shoved deeper , and she sucked greedily at every added inch . 
 i grunted and reached down to grab my base , squeezing hard , trying to hold back my release for a few more torturous , blissful moments in her mouth . 
 she moaned around my length , taking me still deeper . 
 with an instinctive jerk , i shoved myself down her throat . 
 she started to gag , and i pulled back , cursing out an apology . 
 `` you can use your hands now , '' i told her , and she did , taking me back into her hot little mouth while her hands twisted and squeezed me until i felt my seed rolling up my shaft i stroked her face and praised her as she milked a quick , powerful orgasm out of me and down her throat . 
 i pushed her down and knelt between her thighs , lapping at her , sucking at her little piercing , stabbing my tongue against her clit , until she came , screaming . 
 i climbed on top of her , taking her mouth , sliding my tongue inside with a low moan . 
 we kissed like we needed it to breathe , tasting ourselves on each other 's lips . 
 we were supposed to leave the island that night . 
 we said f ** k it and stayed another five days . 
 chapter thirty-two my marriage marriage is n't easy . 
 it 's not meant to be . 
 it is picking a partnership over a solo venture . 
 it is choosing to consider another person in every decision you make for the rest of your life , instead of just doing what feels right for you . 
 it is choosing to be selfless over selfish . 
 and like all marriages , ours had its challenges . 
 neither of us had ever even attempted to have a committed romantic relationship with another person before . 
 i 'd had copious amounts of sex with too many partners to count , but that in no way equipped me for a lifelong partnership with a woman i adored to the point of insanity . 
 we needed a learning curve , i figured . 
 we deserved one . 
 and so we learned together . 
 there was more good than bad , much more , always , even at the hardest times . 
 more things i loved than things that i could n't bear , so many favorite things about her , about our life together that i could n't pick even a dozen that were definitively ranked into the top spots of my hit parade . 
 i loved waking up next to her , pulling her na ** d body close , feeling it warm in sleep , then thrum awake in awareness as i touched her . 
 and i loved touching her , in any way at all-sexually , chastely . 
 possessively . 
 covetously , tenderly , wonderingly . 
 reverently . 
 i loved the way she looked at me . 
 she devoured me with those gorgeous eyes , swallowing me whole , eating me alive , her loving soul peeking out at me with no filter . 
 the way she studied me like she was memorizing my movements . 
 watching me put on a suit was like bianca - p ** n . 
 with each piece i put on , she got more worked up . 
 it was a wonder i ever left the house dressed . 
 she was completely taken with my looks , and i could n't help but enjoy that . 
 `` you have a perfectly even skin tone . 
 i 've never seen anything like it , '' she said one day , as i got ready to go in to work for a meeting . 
 her tone was thick with lust , her eyes on my na ** d torso just before i shrugged into a shirt . 
 that distracted me . 
 her preoccupation with my flesh , her lusting for my person , always seemed to have that effect . 
 i was two hours late for that meeting . 
 i was late for a lot of meetings . 
 i loved dominating her sexually , craved it , needed it on a steady daily basis , even while i happily surrendered to her the total ownership of my soul . 
 i had so many things i loved , things i would not , could not , do without . 
 but of course , there were the things we could not take , could not stand , habits we both possessed that were hard to break . 
 what she could not take : if i kept anything from her , even something minuscule , just to spare her feelings . 
 and when i became so enraged that i grew cold towards her , and refused to touch her , it upset her nearly as much as it turned her on . 
 what i could not take : her silent withdrawals . 
 her need for space . 
 and of course the worst of it , for both of us , was my jealousy . 
 chapter thirty-three my hatred i hated him . 
 hated . 
 he wanted what i had , what i needed . 
 i could see it on him , smell it coming out of his pores , that want . 
 he could n't hide it from me . 
 he was taken with her . 
 smitten . 
 enamored . 
 who but me could better recognize the signs of that ? 
 joseph . 
 fucking joseph , the amiable security guy . 
 such a carefree smile , such soft eyes for my wife . 
 he 'd been around too long by the time i realized it , and now i could n't fire him for no reason without looking like a jealous maniac to bianca . 
 because she liked him . 
 i knew she did . 
 she was attached to him . 
 he was her favorite bodyguard . 
 she enjoyed his company , thought he was funny and ' a nice guy . ' 
 he and blake were always the ones she chose to take when she needed security to accompany her somewhere . 
 always . 
 but i hated him , and that hate went back a ways . 
 two years , to be exact . 
 i remembered the very moment . 
 i could watch it in slow motion in my memories : that night i 'd carried her , scantily clad , from stephan 's house back to mine . 
 `` is she okay , sir ? '' 
 he 'd asked , something soft in his voice telling me even back then , when he 'd barely met her . 
 and i knew he 'd seen her like that , her beautiful , lush body barely covered , though he 'd averted his eyes when i 'd looked directly at him . 
 he 'd fallen for my wounded angel from the first . 
 why the f ** k did n't i fire him right then and there ? 
 if only i had , it would have spared me all of this impotent rage , this daily struggle to have to tolerate his presence . 
 hate . 
 raw , oozing hate when i caught him looking at her . 
 acute , teeth-clenching hate when i knew he was home with her and i had to leave , or when he was out with her , when i could n't go . 
 bianca , who was normally too perceptive for comfort , seemed utterly oblivious to it . 
 and then , outrage of all outrages , i caught her painting him . 
 it was at the vegas property . 
 i 'd come home to find her not in the house , searched and asked until i was directed to the large back patio , a spot where she often went to work . 
 i froze when i saw them , not quite believing my eyes . 
 it had been building up for a while , my hate , building up in every tender look he sent her way , every laugh i heard him draw out of her . 
 years ' worth of the build . 
 of wondering if i was crazy , debating whether it was my imagination , looking for signs , for evidence of it every time i saw him . 
 all of that hate came right to the surface , nearly spilling out of me as i observed what i was seeing then . 
 at least i was n't crazy . 
 there was some relief in that , though not much . 
 here he was , not seeing me , and looking right at her , his heart in his eyes , so much longing there that i had to restrain myself from physically attacking him where he stood . 
 she , for her part , was n't looking at him . 
 her head was down , her full concentration on the canvas . 
 my chest was moving with my heavy breaths . 
 i loosened my tie , trying to drag more air into my lungs , feeling like i had heavily exerted myself , because in a way i had . 
 it was quite an effort , this restraint i was holding onto by the thinnest margin . 
 he just kept doing it , his eyes devouring her downcast head , moving lovingly over each strand of her loose hair , hair that he was n't allowed to so much as touch . 
 but those looks were worse than a touch . 
 she worked standing up , as she usually did , palette in one hand , brush in the other , absolutely absorbed in what she was doing . 
 she was at her most beautiful like this , with those dreams in her soulful eyes , and i knew i looked just as lovesick as joseph did every time i glanced at her . 
 she was barefoot , wearing a thin little white tank top with paint splattered on it and loose beige shorts . 
 nothing too indecent , but it showed off her legs , and hugged her curves . 
 her soft round tits looked positively f ** kable under that thin material . 
 i approached behind her , and so he saw me first . 
 instantly and damningly , his expression became closed off , blank , neutral even , as he tried to hide it from me . 
 but i could n't un-see what i 'd just seen from him . 
 i fought not to curl my lip at him and moved my attention to her . 
 i studied her work in progress over her shoulder for a while before she noticed me . 
 it was a portrait of him from the shoulders up . 
 he was smiling in it , a glint in his eye , but not the one i 'd witnessed , which was something , at least . 
 the painting was good , of course , but very far along , almost finished . 
 this had n't been their first session . 
 i caught his eye , jaw clenched , nostrils flared , just staring him down for a long time , not bothering to hide what was in my eyes , like he was . 
 finally , she noticed me . 
 she jumped a little , turning , the hand holding her paintbrush flying to her chest . 
 `` i swear i really am going to get you that bell one of these days , '' she said , smiling at me , looking so happy to see me , no guilt or artifice in her eyes . 
 it loosened the awful grip around my heart a bit . 
 i did n't say a word , just moved close , pressing my body to hers , i gripped her head in both hands and started kissing . 
 i ran my tongue over her lips , then slid it deep into her mouth , moaning loudly at the taste of her . 
 she still held her palette and brush , arms out wide to try to keep from getting paint on my suit , body rigid against mine . 
 that was fine . 
 i took it as a personal challenge . 
 i drew her tongue into my mouth , stroking it with mine . 
 my arousal hung heavy and conspicuous between us , even through clothes , and i pushed it against her hip persistently . 
 i deepened the kiss , thrusting my tongue against hers , coaxing her to suck it . 
 she shifted and acquiesced tentatively . 
 she had n't forgotten that we were n't alone . 
 she was still aware of him . 
 i bit her lip , one hand sliding down her body to cup her ass , gripping a fleshy handful to hold her in place while i ground my hardness into her softness , probing , moving it from her hip to her groin , bending my knees until i was making direct contact with her most sensitive nerves , grinding hard enough that i could feel the little bud of her piercing against my seeking cock . 
 i pulled her hair , grabbed her ass , sucked her tongue , and circled my hips . 
 both palette and brush dropped to the floor , her hands reaching to grip the lapels of my jacket like she was holding on for dear life . 
 i smiled and pulled back , eyes unerringly seeking out joseph . 
 he had n't left , or turned his back , as he should have . 
 instead he was staring right at us with his untarnished eyes . 
 i took a deep breath and set her away from me . 
 she was dazed , eyes unfocused , lips parted . 
 and best of all , she 'd forgotten all about him . 
 `` go up to bed , '' i told her , voice low and rough , but loud enough to carry . 
 `` get yourself ready for me . '' 
 she nodded , breathing heavy , and obeyed . 
 i did n't follow her right away . 
 i tugged impatiently at my tie , loosening it , and then unfastening the first two buttons at my throat . 
 i shoved my hands in my pockets , shooting a malevolent glare in his direction . 
 he met my gaze squarely , still just standing there . 
 he looked like he wanted to say something , but he held his tongue . 
 i stared him down for a solid five minutes , daring him to say anything at all , neither of us uttering a word for that long , awkward stretch . 
 finally , i smirked , running a hand through my hair , still not looking away from him . 
 i shrugged off my suit jacket , finished taking off my tie . 
 i started to unbutton my shirt , illustrating clearly what i was up to next . 
 `` do n't wait up , '' i told him , my voice mocking , and turned away . 
 i stopped in the kitchen briefly with instructions for dinner , then moved upstairs , desire beating heavy through me . 
 i found her waiting on the bed for me . 
 she 'd obeyed perfectly and wore nothing but her piercings and her collar . 
 she was sitting on the edge of the bed , hands on her knees , legs parted slightly , back arched , ni ** les pebbled to hardened peaks . 
 even with her legs open , exposing her sex , i could n't see if she was wet , but i would have bet that she was . 
 we 'd had some work done on the house , as we 'd taken to staying here more often than not . 
 the room next to this one had been renovated , and i 'd had an adjoining door built in . 
 i went and opened it . 
 i looked at her and lifted my brows . 
 `` the other bed , '' i told her with a wicked grin . 
 the adjoining room had been outfitted into an extensive playground of fourth floor proportions , and the space was dominated by a huge , caged bed . 
 she stood , and i watched her lush body as she made her way across the room . 
 i grabbed her wrist as she passed me , stopping her . 
 i turned her to me , fingers going to her ni ** les , pinching hard . 
 she arched her back and pushed into my rough touch . 
 i pulled her into the playroom , snagging her favorite nipple clamps . 
 they were coral pink , a near perfect match for her ni ** les . 
 i latched them in two smooth motions , fishing in the same drawer for a very thin silver chain that had four ends , each with a tiny jewelry fastening on it . 
 she moaned when she saw it . 
 i attached it first to her collar , an end to each nipple . 
 the other went to her piercing below . 
 it was the perfect length to pull at each zone just enough to tease . 
 i stepped back , admiring my handy work . 
 `` go kneel on the bed , facing me , '' i told her , and shrugged out of my shirt . 
 i approached the bed , watching her , balls drawn tight . 
 as she stared , i pulled my c ** k out of my slacks , pushing my full length out , tucking the material under my scrotum . 
 i gripped myself , one hand firmly stroking my shaft , the other my sac . 
 i watched her , debating what i wanted to do , what depraved pleasure would best calm the fiendish need that had its hooks in me . 
 i kept working my cock , jerking it hard . 
 her eyes were glued to it . 
 `` you like watching me jerk myself off , '' i observed . 
 she licked her lips and nodded , eyes still glued . 
 i went to another drawer , grabbing a finger vibrator , shaped specifically to stimulate the clit . 
 i moved close enough to toss it on the bed next to her . 
 `` use it , '' i told her succinctly , immediately moving away . 
 `` not to tease . 
 i want you to apply it direct . '' 
 i was at the wall where all of the restraints hung , picking out a hogtie harness , when i paused as i heard her breath grow ragged . 
 she was close . 
 `` do n't come , '' i told her . 
 `` and do n't take the pressure off . 
 she could n't hold back one delicious little sob , but i knew she obeyed . 
 i moved back to the bed and dropped the restraints beside her . 
 without another word i grabbed the toy out of her hand , tossing it off the bed . 
 i cupped her shoulders in my hands , breathing her in , throbbing in time to her every breath . 
 `` struggle , '' i said the one word with relish , and let her go . 
 chapter thirty-four my chains she obeyed , struggling . 
 she did it just perfectly too , attempting to get around me and off the bed . 
 i did n't use my hands but my body to keep her corralled at first , only resorting to my hands after i had her trapped beneath me , my chest to her back . 
 i pinned her roughly to her stomach and hogtied her with soft leather restraints , wrists to ankles behind her back , stomach down on the bed . 
 she was in a state , thrashing even after i had her confined . 
 it was delicious , and just what i needed . 
 i picked her up by the ankles , lifting her as i bent my mouth to her sex , and started tongue f ** king her pu ** y from behind . 
 she was whimpering , trying and soon to be failing to hold back her orgasm . 
 i still had n't told her she could come . 
 i did now , breathing it into her hot wet core . 
 her h * ps jerked as i got her off . 
 i lifted my head as she finished , lowering her by the ankles back down , pausing about six inches off the mattress . 
 i dropped her the rest of the way . 
 i grabbed hold of her ankles again and mounted her like that , while she was still winded from the fall and completely helpless . 
 i took her like an animal , rutting , shoving , thrusting , owning her softness with my hardness , mercilessly , brutally . 
 i was completely insatiable , marking my territory in the most primal of ways-with my seed deep in her flesh . 
 repeatedly . 
 i stayed inside of her long after i came , hands moving to rub her ass as her cunt milked me to the last drop . 
 when i finally pulled out , i grabbed her ankles , tilting her h * ps back and up , holding her like that , watching her sex while she squirmed in my hands . 
 i undid her restraints and laid each of her limbs down softly on the bed . 
 she did n't move , still on her stomach . 
 i went to the other room , fastening my slacks as i moved . 
 i washed my hands in the bathroom , then moved into our closet . 
 i grabbed her fresh clothes , myself a new shirt , and returned back to where she lay , still limp where i 'd left her . 
 i started dressing her without a word . 
 she did n't catch on at first that something was off about me . 
 it was n't exactly unusual for me to come home from work and want to ravish her . 
 i tugged lightly on the thin body chain still attached to her , sliding my fingers down to where it was fastened at her sex , rubbing it to score against her over-sensitized clit . 
 `` is it very sensitive right now ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she shivered . 
 `` does the chain hurt ? '' 
 she shot me a look that left me breathless . 
 god , this woman could undo me . 
 destroy me . 
 utterly . 
 my smile was direct , eyes tender . 
 `` let me rephrase . 
 does it hurt in a way you do n't enjoy ? '' 
 her silence was her answer . 
 the chain stayed on . 
 i finished dressing her quickly . 
 `` dinner time , '' i said shortly . 
 she made noises about it , but i did n't let her shower . 
 i could hear several of our security personnel in the kitchen as we passed . 
 this was n't unusual . 
 they worked here twenty-four seven , but only clark and blake had a house on the property . 
 the rest worked in shifts , came and went , and ate at the house . 
 i took her arm , and led her in there , to dine at the less formal breakfast nook , as opposed to one of the formal dining rooms . 
 the staff , who 'd been joking and having a general good time , went silent as we walked in , the three security guys moving to file out of the room . 
 `` no need to leave , '' i said , eyes on joseph , who was leaning against the counter and watching me warily . 
 `` join us , why do n't you , for dinner ? '' 
 this was n't so unusual . 
 we sometimes dined informally , sometimes invited the staff , who we tended to treat more like friends and family , especially since bianca had come into my life . 
 but i could tell as i studied him that joseph knew why i did this now . 
 i maneuvered it so that bianca was at my right , joseph on the other side of her . 
 i watched him . 
 watched him sneak looks at her . 
 they were side by side . 
 so close , with me right f ** king there and still he could n't stop himself . 
 god , he could probably smell it , the sex on her . 
 it probably made him want her more , even knowing it was another man who 'd put the sex on her to smell . 
 i reached under the table with my right hand , sliding it up her leg , into her shorts , teasing my fingers through her wet folds . 
 she met my cold eyes , and i saw the moment when she realized that i was upset . 
 i stared into her eyes as i found the chain just above her sex and tugged . 
 her eyes glazed over , jaw going slack . 
 i glanced over at joseph . 
 he was watching us , his face flushed in temper . 
 he knew i was touching her under the table . 
 i saw it in his tight-lipped anger , saw the disapproval in his eyes , the jealousy . 
 good . 
 this lesson was primitive , but it needed to be taught , uncouth as it was . 
 i was feeling far from civilized . 
 i had an overwhelming need to stake my claim . 
 mark my territory . 
 all of these animalistic impulses overpowered so many of my normal inclinations . 
 normally i sheltered her . 
 but for him , this f ** ker that questioned my ownership , i wanted to put my possession of her on stark display . 
 i drew the meal out . 
 i 'd had the cook make burgers and fries , an unusual request for me , but perfectly suited to the occasion . 
 i pulled my hand away when it was time to eat , catching her eye so she saw me lick my fingers clean . 
 she shuddered , her breath panting out of her harshly . 
 i devoured my burger with gusto , slowly savoring each bite , watching them the entire time-her reaction to me , his fixation on her . 
 one by one , each of the staff finished eating and excused themselves to go back to work . 
 all but joseph . 
 i shot him a cold glare , and reached a hand over , gripping a hand into bianca 's hair . 
 i leaned close and pulled her the rest of the way , and gave her a long , hot , bruising kiss . 
 i pulled slightly back and brought her ear to my mouth . 
 i took a few deep breaths , inhaling her before i spoke . 
 `` you smell like me . 
 like you belong to me . 
 because you 're mine . 
 go strip down , get in bed , the other bed , and wait for me . 
 i 'm going to tie you up and make you suck me off . 
 and that 's only the start , love . 
 i 'll come inside of every part of you before this night is through . '' 
 she pulled back , studied my face for a few pregnant moments , and then left . 
 i did n't watch her leave . 
 i was too busy watching him watch her leave . 
 i gave him a cold smile when he finally realized i was staring at him . 
 i waited until i was sure she was out of earshot to speak . 
 i leaned in . 
 `` that 's my wife you 're casting those lovesick stares at , '' i growled at him . 
 he glared back , looking outraged . 
 `` i 'm well aware . 
 i 'm also well aware of the way you treat her . 
 like an object . 
 to abuse . 
 i see the marks you leave on her . 
 i see it all . '' 
 that had me barking out a laugh , at his expense . 
 `` oh that is rich , '' i told him , cold disdain in every syllable . 
 `` a prude , working for me . 
 how about this ? 
 you keep your prudish mind out of my bedroom , and off my wife , you bastard . '' 
 i had to clench my fists to keep from attacking him , because attacking him was not what i needed to do here . 
 i needed to get him to talk . 
 i 'd love nothing so much as for him to give me any excuse to fire him , something i could use that was more substantial , in terms of evidence for bianca , than the way he looked at her . 
 i sneered at him . 
 `` what did you think , that you would sweep in and save her from me ? 
 she 's mine . 
 you think i abuse her ? 
 then wrap your mind around this : she is in absolute bondage to me , chained to me for life , and the things i 've used to chain her to my side are beyond your ability to break . '' 
 he did n't say anything else , though i could tell he badly wanted to . 
 instead , he got up and walked away . 
 it was not what i 'd wanted him to do and completely unsatisfying . 
 `` i thought you decided a long time ago not to do any of that in anger , '' bianca told me later . 
 we were soaking in a bath . 
 i snagged one of her feet and started rubbing at her arch . 
 i was trying to relax , to get over my rage , but even several orgasms and a hot bath did n't seem to be curing me . 
 i was bad at relaxing , always had been . 
 `` i said i would n't do it when i was angry at you , '' i told her finally , kissing the bottom of her foot . 
 `` are you really going to try to say right now , with the way you 've been acting all afternoon , that none of this anger is directed at me ? '' 
 i gave her very steady eye contact . 
 `` yes , that is what i 'm telling you . 
 not an ounce of my anger is for you . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` it 's joseph , is n't it ? 
 you ca n't fire him over something so silly . 
 you know you ca n't . 
 that 's insane . 
 he 's worked for us for years . 
 you ca n't fire him just because i painted a picture of him . 
 that 's what i do . 
 i paint things . 
 i paint people . 
 it 's not even his fault . 
 i asked him to pose . '' 
 `` that 's not why i 'd fire him . '' 
 she gave me a genuinely confused look that went a long way towards making me feel better . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 i watched her face , wondering if she really did n't know . 
 if somehow she did n't , i was n't going to be the one to tell her . 
 i did n't want to see her reaction to his feelings for her . 
 what if she was tempted ? 
 what if she had feelings for him ? 
 without another word , i got out of the bath and went to bed . 
 i approached stephan about it , a few days later , wanting his take on the situation , and his opinion on how to handle it . 
 we met up for lunch at his bar in my casino . 
 i got right to the point . 
 `` joseph 's become a problem , '' i told him bluntly . 
 he grimaced . 
 clearly , he knew just what i was referring to . 
 `` bianca sees him as a friend . 
 a good friend . 
 you ca n't just fire him . '' 
 my jaw clenched . 
 that did n't help . 
 `` does she know he 's in love with her ? '' 
 i asked quietly . 
 he did n't look surprised by the information , but he shook his head . 
 `` no , no i do n't think so . 
 if she had a clue how he felt , she would n't be so open and friendly with him . 
 she would n't spend so much time with him . '' 
 i cringed . 
 `` she spends that much time with him ? '' 
 `` no . 
 stop . 
 do n't do that to yourself . 
 she does n't spend an excessive amount of time with him , just , you know , he works at the house , he takes her around . 
 he 's her bodyguard . 
 that 's his job . 
 but you 've got nothing to worry about . 
 she would never ... '' i knew i was in a foul mood when even stephan was agitating me . 
 i could n't remember the last time i 'd gone to him with something and not had him make me feel better about it . 
 `` you find that situation to be acceptable ? '' 
 i asked him bitingly . 
 `` you think this is going to end well ? 
 it 's escalating , i can tell . '' 
 he did n't disagree with me , but he did n't have a solution , either . 
 i went to clark about it next . 
 `` did you know that you hired someone with a very distinct distaste for my lifestyle ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 he did n't look surprised . 
 the set of his mouth was annoyed , and a touch resigned . 
 `` i do now . 
 i 've been catching that vibe for a while , but i did n't know it at the start . 
 of course , they 've all signed ndas that will protect you . '' 
 `` yes i know . 
 this was n't actually my real issue . 
 can you guess what is ? '' 
 he rubbed at a temple , looking tired . 
 `` yes , i can . 
 i do n't know what to do about it . 
 firing is the easiest solution , with a severance package , but you 're going to have to get that past bianca . 
 they 're good friends , you know . '' 
 i laughed , and it was a bitter sound . 
 `` yes , so i 've noticed . '' 
 `` i spoke to him about it , '' clark added . 
 this was news to me . 
 `` i told him that he needs to do a better job of staying part of the background . 
 it 's not his job to keep the boss 's wife company . '' 
 `` no , it 's not . 
 did you also tell him it 's not his job to lust after my wife ? '' 
 `` i did , yes . 
 in so many words . 
 he said he 'll do better . 
 we 'll just have to wait and see , unless you wanted to handle it more aggressively . 
 up to you . 
 just let me know . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no , we 'll wait and see , like you said . '' 
 i confronted joseph at every opportunity , but he was doing much better at keeping his thoughts and his reactions to himself and under control after that . 
 i did n't know if it was because of clark , or if his own sense of self-preservation had finally kicked in . 
 as much as it went against the grain , i did nothing , just watched , and waited , feeling sick to my stomach every time i thought of him spending time with her . 
 it was agony for me . 
 it made me antsy all the time . 
 was he with her right now ? 
 would he slowly worm his way into her affections ? 
 had he already ? 
 chapter thirty-five my proclivities i came home in the early afternoon , some days later , to find her riding . 
 as soon i found out where she was , i headed straight there , not even bothering to change out of my suit . 
 our female horse trainer , cosette , was with her in the corral , helping her tweak her legwork . 
 joseph was there . 
 he was leaning against the fence post , elbows on the top rail , watching them train . 
 i approached the corral , but kept walking when i reached it , moving into the tack room . 
 i grabbed the first riding crop i saw , and headed back outside . 
 i went to lean beside him , eyes on bianca posting , a f ** king indecent sight , and began to slap the crop against my palm . 
 i watched him out of the corner of my eye , saw when he caught what i was doing , was aware of his jaw clenching , fists balling . 
 i smiled , turning my head to catch his eye . 
 he looked back at me , clearly agitated . 
 `` beyond your ability to break , '' i reiterated my words from days earlier softly , succinctly . 
 temper flared in his eyes , but he held his tongue , unfortunately . 
 i moved away from him , entering the corral , striding across the large space to where the women worked . 
 cosette stood at the center of the enclosure , calling out instructions to bianca . 
 you could tell just with a few words between them that the women were close . 
 there was much affection and camaraderie in the way she coached my wife . 
 cosette was a diminutive woman , delicately built , somehow able to use that small frame of hers to do some of the most skillful riding i 'd ever seen , controlling powerful animals with a flick of her wrists . 
 i 'd hired her two years ago , at pete 's referral , when i 'd realized that there was no way in hell i 'd allow pete to teach my wife how to ride . 
 he 'd sworn at the time that cosette was the best , and he 'd been right . 
 she turned to smile at me as i approached . 
 she was a beautiful woman , with delicately defined features , her streaky hair cut into an edgy bob , short in the back and sides , with long straight bangs that framed her face and emphasized her high cheekbones . 
 `` we 're finishing up now , '' she told me . 
 `` she 's making great progress . '' 
 i just nodded , turning to watch my wife , still slapping the crop against my palm . 
 bianca guided her horse my way . 
 `` you 're going ruin another suit , '' she said , smiling at me . 
 i smiled back . 
 `` yes , yes , i am . '' 
 she had no idea . 
 `` come here , '' i said to her , lowering the crop to my side so it would n't spook the horse as she walked it closer . 
 i grabbed her leg with my left hand , sliding my crop up to tap her shoulder with the other . 
 i used a light pressure on it to guide her down to me . 
 she leaned down until our mouths were touching . 
 i thrust my tongue into her hot wet mouth , moving the crop down her back to play over her ass teasingly . 
 eventually i pulled back , tucked the crop into my belt , and dragged her down from the saddle , pressing her against me . 
 i looked at colette . 
 `` we 'd like to have the stables to ourselves , for a bit . '' 
 she was unfazed . 
 she 'd been working here a while . 
 she knew how we were . 
 `` of course . 
 i 'll leave you to it . '' 
 i turned my head , hand rubbing over bianca 's back . 
 joseph was still at the fence , still watching , the brazen bastard . 
 my hand moved down to her ass and squeezed hard . 
 mine . 
 `` he should not be watching you do this , '' i told her quietly , voice hard . 
 she stiffened , turning her head to look . 
 `` joseph ? 
 what are you talking about ? 
 he 's just doing his job , patrolling the property . '' 
 i tried hard to control my breathing and my tone . 
 `` so he 's just passing by . 
 he was n't watching your entire lesson ? '' 
 she paused and i gnashed my teeth . 
 `` i guess he has been . 
 i barely noticed . 
 he 's harmless . '' 
 gnash gnash gnash . 
 `` go wait for me in the tack room , '' i told her , kissing her on the forehead and thrusting her in that direction . 
 i headed the opposite way , moving until i was standing a few feet from the bane of my existence . 
 i pulled the crop out of my belt and started slapping it loudly against my palm . 
 i did n't bother to mask my expression to him , and i knew what it looked like-savage . 
 uncivilized . 
 slap , slap , slap . 
 `` enjoy the show ? '' 
 i asked him , tone pointed and biting . 
 he did n't answer , just moved his eyes from my face to my hands , up and down . 
 slap , slap , slap . 
 `` did you watch her entire lesson ? '' 
 silence . 
 slap , slap , slap . 
 `` do you always watch her ride when i 'm not home ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he took a deep breath , but still , silence . 
 thwack ! 
 the crop struck the fence suddenly , right next to his hand . 
 `` you will answer me . 
 that 's an order . '' 
 he curled his lip at me . 
 `` not always , but often . 
 and yes , i watched the entire lesson , and i did enjoy the show . '' 
 my nostrils flared as i sensed my victory . 
 i was nearly as elated as i was furious . 
 he looked as close to losing his temper as i felt . 
 `` well , soak it up , '' i told him , voice low and mean , `` because it is the last f ** king time . 
 you are never to watch her ride ! 
 if i hear you 've even come within a hundred feet of the stables while she 's training , i 'll have you thrown off the property . 
 understood ? '' 
 i thought for one happy minute he was going to snap , to say something i could use in my case against him , but unfortunately he did not . 
 instead , he opened his mouth once , snapped it shut , nodded curtly , and strode away . 
 i joined her in the tack room , still slapping the crop restlessly against my palm . 
 my voice was thick with lust . 
 `` pull down your pants and lean over , palms on the wall . '' 
 my suit was ruined by the time we were done . 
 custom-made suits were not designed with stable f ** king in mind . 
 they certainly were n't made for rolling around in the straw , wrestling , getting down on all fours in the dirt , f ** king like animals , the list went on and on . 
 the ruination of this suit had been absolute and absolutely worth it . 
 she could barely walk from the stable to the house . 
 she had to lean on me heavily the entire time . 
 she 'd be sore tomorrow , as much from the rough , excessive f ** king as the spanking . 
 we had dinner plans with stephan and javier . 
 i 'd almost forgotten , until i saw them waiting for us on the back porch . 
 clark was with them , chatting and laughing . 
 blake was there too , i saw . 
 and joseph . 
 stephan started shaking his head as we got closer . 
 `` i wo n't ask , '' he called out , a laugh in his voice . 
 `` that 's for the best , '' i told him . 
 `` we 'll be down for dinner in thirty . 
 we need a shower . 
 we 're both filthy . '' 
 my eyes went to joseph for that last bit , and i smiled coldly when i saw him visibly flinch . 
 that jab must have really gotten to him because the next day he made a point of seeking me out , his intention clearly to give me a piece of his mind . 
 he found me in my study at the house . 
 he knocked , and i called him in . 
 `` do you have any idea how selfish you are , to keep her with you ? '' 
 he asked emotionally . 
 this had been eating at him , clearly . 
 thoughts of my wife consumed this man . 
 hatred , raw and fresh , rushed through me . 
 `` she could do better , and you know it , '' he continued . 
 `` she could find a nice man , a normal guy that loved her and treated her with respect , someone that did n't subject her to that vile stuff you do to her for your own entertainment . 
 she could find someone to help her heal , instead of exploiting her issues . '' 
 `` and i suppose you think you 're that guy ? '' 
 i bit out . 
 he did n't answer , but he did n't need to . 
 `` you do n't get it , '' i said scathingly . 
 `` you do n't understand her at all . 
 you are just the sort of man that would make her miserable . 
 you 'd expect her to hide who she is , make her hate it . 
 you would make her feel bad about herself , when there is no f ** king thing about her that she should feel bad about . '' 
 `` you should feel bad about it . 
 i saw her wrists yesterday . 
 saw the marks , yet again . 
 shame on you . '' 
 i stood , smiling nastily . 
 the joke was on him . 
 i was shameless , always had been . 
 i held out an arm , indicating the door . 
 `` if you ca n't reconcile yourself to working for a man of my particular proclivities , by all means , resign . 
 no one is stopping you . '' 
 he shook his head , over and over , glaring at me . 
 `` no , no i will not quit . 
 you want me gone , you 'll have to fire me , and we both know your wife wo n't like that . '' 
 the way he said your wife , that sneer in his voice , it was too much . 
 some tight thread inside of me snapped , and i had his shirt in my hands between one breath and the next . 
 i shoved him against the wall , getting in his face . 
 `` that 's right , '' i growled at him . 
 `` my wife . 
 mine . 
 mine in ways you 'll never know . 
 you think you 've seen the marks ? 
 you have n't seen the half of it . 
 i 've marred every inch of her , staking my claim . '' 
 he took a swing at me . 
 i was pretty happy about it , even while he clipped me in the chin . 
 happy because , well , game on . 
 i slugged him back , with relish , catching his jaw . 
 i 'd wanted to do that for years , and so i did it again . 
 i had him on the floor , and we were both a few hits in , panting , when he spoke . 
 `` she 's not an object to be owned , '' he gritted , hands on my hands on his shirt . 
 i 'd started slamming his back , is head , into the floor . 
 `` not an object , no , but mine nonetheless . 
 and that will never change . '' 
 my voice was quiet . 
 the words were each pushed out of me on jagged breaths , but they were full of conviction all the same . 
 i cocked my fist back to punch him in the face when her voice stopped me . 
 `` james , '' bianca gasped , sounding shocked , distraught . 
 with a curse , i straightened , getting to my feet . 
 she stood in the doorway , clark just behind her . 
 i raised a brow at him . 
 `` i 'm surprised you did n't interfere . '' 
 as i spoke , i moved to her , pulling her into my chest . 
 `` it looked like you had it under control , '' clark shot back . 
 he sounded smug about it , too . 
 he had been the one to teach me to fight . 
 protectively , possessively , i took bianca from the room . 
 her reaction was not what i expected . 
 she could still manage to surprise me . 
 she was n't mad at me , not at all . 
 instead she fretted over my bruises , kissed each one , and demanded gently that i tell her everything . 
 i was helpless against her tender onslaught . 
 i told it all . 
 in the end , it was bianca that fixed things . 
 quietly and resolutely , she fired him herself . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' she said simply , right after she 'd done it . 
 my gut clenched . 
 `` why are you sorry ? 
 did you have feelings for him ? ' 
 she sent me a baffled look that mollified me . 
 `` of course not . 
 not like you 're suggesting . 
 he was a friend . 
 that was all . 
 i honestly think i just got along so well , so comfortably with him because he 's a lot like stephan , personality wise . 
 to be honest , for the longest time , i thought he was g * y. makes this whole thing extra shocking to me . '' 
 that startled a laugh out of me . 
 and the first real smile in days . 
 all was right again in my world . 
 chapter thirty-six my faithful heart it was n't long after the joseph incident that another outside force attempted to assail our marriage . 
 i was n't the only one that struggled with jealousy in our marriage , though she managed hers much differently than i did mine . 
 we were staying in new york for a spell . 
 luckily bianca did n't mind traveling , since it was something we did often . 
 she said the changes of scene were nice , and that she liked to paint in different places . 
 i was working more hours than usual at the cavendish manhattan property . 
 i 'd been gone from the city a long time , and had to play catch up on a few crucial business ventures . 
 clark had stayed back in vegas , unfortunately , to represent me at some meetings for the casino . 
 he was more than my bodyguard . 
 he assisted me in all things , was a partner in several ventures , but still worked as a personal assistant/jack of all trades . 
 i paid him dual salaries for it , because the more he could do for me the better , as i trusted him implicitly . 
 he 'd been with me since i was very young , and i knew he was loyal to a fault . 
 his absence was particularly unfortunate , as i needed extra assistance in the new york hotel , and since i did n't want to shake up the normal of order of things there for a temporary stay , i had to hire a new assistant . 
 i had the hiring handled for me , my only requirement that the assistant be competent and able to work long hours for the next two weeks . 
 i 'd weaned myself off micromanaging a while back , and i was n't going to start again now . 
 the assistant 's name was winona , and her main purpose was paperwork and coffee . 
 important stuff . 
 she was eye catching . 
 i was n't blind , and i noticed right away that she had the kind of looks that could stop a man in his tracks . 
 hourglass curves , deep red hair that was tousled like she 'd just come out of a man 's bed , with a face that was simply stunning to look at , green eyes that were a startling emerald that i personally thought must have been contacts . 
 if that was n't enough , she dressed provocatively and carried herself with the kind of sensuality that a man like me could recognize for what it was . 
 she oozed sex . 
 everything she did spoke of her fixation on it . 
 she was the kind of woman a man saw in the office and figured she 'd just finished f ** king someone in the elevator on the way up , because she just needed it that bad , that constantly . 
 she was the kind of woman i 'd have taken the bait from a few years ago . 
 and bait was just what she was throwing out . 
 she was n't subtle . 
 i caught her vibe right away . 
 i 'd been single not so very long ago . 
 i knew the signs , had n't forgotten a single trick , from her sidelong stares to her flashes of cle ** age , i recognized them all . 
 i was n't flirtatious with her . 
 i did n't think i 'd ever been particularly flirtatious , even before . 
 i 'd been polite but to the point . 
 now there was no point . 
 any woman expressing interest in me who was not my wife was nothing but a nuisance . 
 she was so obvious , in fact , that i found myself addressing it on the first day . 
 `` you 're here to do a job , '' i told her , voice bland . 
 she was bent over my table , pretending to work on something , her cle ** age just about falling out of her top . 
 she 'd been posing that way for a good five minutes . 
 `` a simple job , no more , no less , '' i continued . 
 `` if you had some other expectations coming into this , i 'm going to disabuse you of the notion right now . 
 do your work , act and dress appropriately , or leave . 
 she looked up at me , straightened , smoothing her dress , hands running over her voluptuous body to do so . 
 she blinked her eyes slowly , several times , just staring at me . 
 i thought she might be going for a seductive stare . 
 pointedly , i yawned . 
 her mouth tightened , and she nodded , then went back to what she was doing . 
 i sighed . 
 `` you have your own desk , out in reception . 
 i 'm not particularly keen on sharing mine . '' 
 that at least got her out of my hair for a bit . 
 on her third day , i went into my office 's adjacent bedroom , locking the door behind me , and made a phone call to bianca that was meant to be a simple checking in to say hi call . 
 instead , i ended up with my dick out , jacking off into a napkin as she told me what she was doing to herself on the other end . 
 it was ridiculous . 
 just out of hand . 
 i 'd made love to her that morning , just before work , and still i could n't help myself . 
 i only let her hang up after she 'd promised to come visit me for lunch . 
 i 'd been in the bedroom about forty-five minutes , and i came back out to find winona was in my office . 
 she looked startled . 
 she was by my desk but i could n't for the life of me figure out what she 'd been doing . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 she licked her lips , smoothing her tight dress over her hips . 
 `` i-um came to ask you if you needed anything . '' 
 i did n't believe her . 
 my eyes narrowed , i looked around my desk , but could see nothing out of place . 
 `` no , '' i said curtly . 
 `` go work on the tasks i set you to this morning . '' 
 `` who 's the new girl ? '' 
 bianca asked when she came to visit me a few hours later . 
 i was behind my desk , signing yet another round of tedious paperwork . 
 `` new assistant . 
 winona . 
 i do n't think she 's going to last long . '' 
 she was studying my face , her expression very blank . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i finally asked her . 
 `` have you slept with her ? '' 
 she asked quietly . 
 i was horrified . 
 `` of course not ! 
 what kind of a question is that ? '' 
 `` not recently . 
 i do n't mean , have you slept with her just now , i mean , in the past , sometime before me ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i was n't even the one to hire her , but frankly , i 'm questioning the competency of whoever did . 
 i 'm about one more annoyance away from firing her . '' 
 `` she 's been hitting on you , '' she guessed . 
 i grimaced . 
 `` she 's definitely letting me know she 's interested . '' 
 she did n't say anything more about it , just walking from the office to the bedroom . 
 i 'd already unlocked it for her . 
 i was too distracted to work with her in there . 
 i did n't last five minutes before i followed her . 
 i had only planned to take an hour lunch out of the busy day , but we wound up in there for three . 
 and we did n't eat , well , not lunch anyway . 
 i straddled her thigh , her other leg hugged to my chest . 
 i leaned forward , stretching her deliciously wide while i moved in great heavy thrusts inside of her . 
 i 'd been going for a very long time , taking her almost lazily after so many rounds . 
 when i finally felt my balls drawing up , my seed pumping to my tip , then shooting into her , it caught me by surprise . 
 i had n't even been trying to come . 
 at this point i 'd been just enjoying the feel of her , my c ** k putting in time memorizing her cunt , savoring the f ** k. i let her leg down , moving to lie directly on top of her , putting enough weight on her to make her breathing more labored . 
 her eyes were closed , and i thought she might have already drifted off . 
 `` i do n't like winona , '' she said quietly . 
 `` she 's trouble , i think . '' 
 i processed that , moving both our bodies around until i was spooning her from behind . 
 `` should i just fire her , then ? '' 
 she looked tempted by the notion but shook her head . 
 `` just be careful of her . 
 be cautious , and do n't trust her . 
 the way she looked at me ... i did n't like it . '' 
 winona made me paranoid , especially after bianca 's warning . 
 i always locked everything up , but i took to double checking things like that a lot . 
 the last thing i needed was to have her crawl into my office bed and make a scene . 
 it was the next day that i just decided to fire her . 
 she was n't worth the thought it took to wonder if she was going to be a problem . 
 she was leaning over my desk again , doing the same damn thing she kept doing , working on my desk when i 'd expressly told her not to , her br ** sts spilling out of her shirt . 
 `` do n't use my desk . 
 use your desk . 
 how many times do i need to tell you that ? '' 
 as i spoke , i 'd already made up my mind , but i was n't planning to deal with her myself . 
 i did n't have the time to spare on trivialities like that . 
 besides , the idiot office manager who 'd hired her should have the honor . 
 i 'd wait until she left my office to make the call . 
 only , she did n't move away , but moved farther forward , her hands going to the buttons at her neckline , and then beginning to unbutton . 
 her br ** sts spilled right out . 
 she was n't wearing a bra . 
 what did she think , that i 'd be overcome at the sight of some big fake tits ? 
 needless to say , i was not . 
 `` okay , that is it . 
 you 're done . 
 collect your things . 
 you are out of here . 
 i 'd prefer not to have security escort you , but i wo n't hesitate . '' 
 she did the strangest thing then . 
 one of the most baffling things i 'd ever witnessed in my life . 
 so crazy it left me speechless . 
 and slow to react . 
 first , she took off running . 
 just sprinted from my office to reception then back again , coming back with a phone in her hand . 
 looking deranged , her tits still hanging out of her clothes , she moved to my bookshelf , propping the phone there , camera lens facing the room she was recording us with her phone . 
 i got up and moved to the door . 
 i knew it was a f ** king setup . 
 i would remove myself and have security take her out . 
 her face strangely blank , she shrugged out of her dress . 
 she was na ** d under , not even wearing panties . 
 i made it halfway across the room when her rushing na ** d form made full contact with my retreating clothed one . 
 she was determined , throwing her arms around me , jumping up to try to straddle me as i attempted to move from the room . 
 i shouted , loudly , for security . 
 trying to get away from her , not wanting to put my hands on her , but also wanting her to stop . 
 luckily , they responded quickly , pulling her off me , taking her out of there . 
 `` be sure she is banned from the premises . 
 revoke any access . '' 
 my office manager , lenny , a man in his forties who had been given the position just over a year prior , went straight for the phone i mentioned to him that she 'd left on the bookshelf . 
 `` erase that video , '' i told him . 
 `` i 've no idea what she wanted with it , but i want it gone . 
 wipe the entire phone , actually . 
 who knows what else she was up to . 
 he nodded and agreed , and left with the phone . 
 i was frazzled . 
 i wanted , first and foremost , to change out of my clothes , that that strange na ** d woman had been all over . 
 i went to my attached suite , quickly showering and changing into another suit . 
 i wanted to forget that the entire incident had ever happened . 
 by the time i got home to bianca , i just did n't want to talk about it . 
 the whole thing had been odd and pointless , left a bad taste in my mouth , and i just wanted to put it behind me . 
 we were back in vegas when the news hit . 
 a video had been leaked , a drastically doctored video that made it look very bad , made it look like i 'd been embracing a na ** d woman in my office , instead of warding her off . 
 my first and biggest question : who had leaked it ? 
 my office manager had a whole hell of a lot to answer for . 
 my first and biggest concern : bianca . 
 of course . 
 what else ? 
 i was at the casino when it hit . 
 i left right away , as soon as i saw and heard what had been leaked , in fact . 
 bianca was not at home and had not answered her phone . 
 it nearly sent me into a panic . 
 stephan had not answered his either . 
 a sick feeling was crawling persistently through my belly , snaking its way up to my chest . 
 javier picked up on the first ring . 
 `` she 's with him , '' he told me . 
 `` is she all right ? 
 is she upset ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 she 's upset . 
 someone emailed her something , a message about , i do n't know , whatever is happening with that video . '' 
 `` how upset ? ' 
 long pause , then , `` very . 
 she 's ... i heard her say to stephan that you 'd lied to her . 
 i think that 's the part she 's freaking out about . '' 
 `` lied ? 
 about what ? '' 
 `` about sleeping with that girl . '' 
 she 'd seen the video and believed the worst . 
 it more than stung . 
 it sliced me right open . 
 in spite of how it all looked , i 'd hoped she just knew me better , knew that my faithful heart was unassailable . 
 `` she really thinks i slept with another woman ? '' 
 i asked , feeling lost . 
 `` no ! 
 not like that . 
 she thinks you lied about sleeping with her before , as in before bianca . '' 
 `` i just met that woman a few days ago , '' i told him . 
 `` i do n't know what to tell you . 
 you should just come over , talk to her . '' 
 i did . 
 she and stephan were in their den . 
 he had his arm around her , and she was n't looking at me . 
 i watched her face , an all too familiar out of control , helpless feeling overtaking me . 
 her face was closed off , expression very blank , and when bianca did n't want you to read her , she was unreadable . 
 it was so cold , her anger , her silent condemnation . 
 i could n't stand it . 
 i 'd rather she raged and caused a scene . 
 instead , she closed me off , closed herself off , while she processed , sometimes asked a few questions , and then eventually came back around . 
 it was always on her timeline , though , and often after spending copious amounts of time with stephan , who could soothe her as no one else could . 
 i looked at stephan , knowing this would n't go over well , but , `` can we have some privacy please ? '' 
 he looked at bianca . 
 much to my relief , she nodded for him to go . 
 i sat beside her , but not close , not touching . 
 she was so untouchable then , and i could n't stand to even try to when she was like this . 
 that was n't what i came to her for . 
 until it was right again , i did n't want to touch her , not even for comfort . 
 `` it was all staged . 
 clark is getting the full video now . 
 it will show you very clearly that i was not a willing participant in that . 
 `` i know that . 
 i saw your face in the video . 
 i could just tell . 
 that 's not what 's bothering me . 
 you lied to me . '' 
 we had n't had an interaction like this in a very long time . 
 she was acting like she did n't trust me , and i just could n't stand it . 
 she grabbed her phone , scrolled through it briefly , and then handed it to me . 
 i squinted at the picture on the screen , then cringed . 
 it was a photo of me . 
 my college days , i saw . 
 at a frat party . 
 i had my arm around a girl with dark hair . 
 her hand was on my crotch . 
 i remembered the college me , and though i did n't remember her , or that night . 
 i knew the college me had f ** ked her right after taking that picture , or at least it was more likely than not what had happened . 
 the hair was different , and she was much younger here , but the picture was clear enough that i could tell it was winona . 
 i glanced up at her . 
 `` i did n't remember her , i swear . 
 whoever sent you this did a lot of homework into an obscure and unmemorable night in my past . 
 why ? 
 i could n't tell you , but i did not remember this , did not remember her . 
 i swear it . 
 i never would have lied to you on purpose . 
 i never would have let her work there for even five minutes , for that matter , had i known . 
 finally she looked at me , studied me for a long time , as though working something out in her head . 
 `` you really slept with that many women that you could run into some and not remember ? '' 
 i looked down at my hands , wishing my answer were different , for her sake . 
 `` most of them , i think . 
 yes . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 she shifted beside me and suddenly she was burrowing into me , her arms wrapping tight . 
 shudders of relief rocked through my body . 
 there she was , my lover was back , just how i needed her . 
 touchable . 
 i could breathe again , the tight thing gripping my chest finally loosening , my hands running over her . 
 time passed . 
 and i held her . 
 `` i owe you an apology , '' she said eventually . 
 `` i 'm sorry that for that little blip in time , i felt some doubt in you . 
 it was just , everything was laid out so convincingly , so fitted to my own insecurities . 
 those pictures were so awful , and then to find out you had slept with her and told me otherwise . 
 the idea that you would hide it from me and be working with her , it really messed with my head . '' 
 `` i swear , i did n't know , did n't remember her at all . 
 `` i know . 
 i know . 
 i believe you . 
 i just , when you 've led a life like mine , with so much heartache , and then become so happy you can hardly stand , i guess i was just waiting for something , something to ruin it all . 
 i 'm sorry i was susceptible to that awful stunt . 
 i swear to you that it will not happen again . 
 it took about three days , but finally the rest of the story came out , or most of it . 
 the woman was mentally unstable , obviously , but the press found proof of it now , and released it . 
 and the rest of the video was found -lrb- thanks to ninja clark and lenny 's hard drive -rrb- the part that showed the whole interaction , un-doctored . 
 even without audio , it was pretty obvious i 'd been ambushed by a crazy woman , and had not been an active or willing participant . 
 my phone rang . 
 it was my buddy parker . 
 `` hey , man , '' i answered . 
 `` how are you ? 
 how are sophia and elliot ? '' 
 `` we 're fine . 
 listen , i have something to tell you , something i just found out that i figure you need to know . '' 
 `` okay . 
 go on , '' i said slowly . 
 his tone spoke of something ominous . 
 `` that scandal . 
 that setup with the na ** d woman in your office that was plastered all over the press - '' `` yes , i 'm well aware of all of that . 
 what about it ? '' 
 it was the last thing i wanted to talk about . 
 `` jules was behind it . 
 she was working with your office manager . 
 she was sleeping with him . 
 she set it up . 
 all of it . 
 she was working with that deranged woman . 
 they were old friends from college . '' 
 i was shocked , though maybe i should n't have been . 
 `` why ? 
 what on earth could she possibly have to gain from it ? '' 
 `` i think she 's come unhinged , to be honest . 
 either she 's deluded herself that if your wife left you , she 'd have a shot , or it was just some sick sort of revenge . 
 whatever her motivation , things are going to change now for her . 
 she 's wo n't bother you anymore , i assure you . 
 i just wanted you to know . 
 you see , my parents are aware of her part in it . 
 with you being married now , with no contact with jules , even they are seeing just how serious her problems are . 
 they 've cut her off , wo n't support her , wo n't give her a dime unless she gets herself help . '' 
 `` god , your sister is a psycho bitch . '' 
 he was n't offended . 
 `` yes , yes she is . '' 
 `` thank you letting me know . '' 
 `` of course . 
 hopefully it will bring you some peace of mind to understand what all was behind that . '' 
 `` it does . '' 
 chapter thirty-seven my job `` bronson giles , '' i said as soon as tristan answered his phone . 
 there was a pregnant silence and then , `` who ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` i 'm not the police . 
 i need to hear the entire story . '' 
 `` no clue what you 're talking about . '' 
 `` just tell me this : why him ? 
 what on earth set you off about some washed-up old actor ? '' 
 i knew it had something to do with danika . 
 that was a given . 
 when tristan started breaking things or hurting people , there was only ever one answer . 
 `` this is feeling an awful lot like that milton sagar incident , '' i prompted him . 
 `` remember that ? '' 
 `` nope , does n't ring a bell , '' he said , sounding perfectly innocent , which of course he was n't . 
 `` you 're an ass , '' i told him . 
 `` i remember damn well when you rearranged milton 's face , just like we both know that , for some reason that can only involve your temper , you broke bronson 's nose at a gallery showing , and then proceeded to knee him so hard in the groin that he had to ice his balls for a week ? '' 
 `` a week , huh ? '' 
 he asked , sounding entirely too cheerful about it . 
 `` yes , a week , at least , you bloodthirsty bastard . 
 and somehow his son talked him out of pressing any charges , or even talking about it . 
 how the hell did you manage that ? '' 
 `` none of this has anything to do with me . '' 
 `` let 's pretend , for just a minute , that it did . '' 
 `` hmm . '' 
 `` how about you just give me a hypothetical reason why a thing like this might happen ? '' 
 `` hypothetically , i could see the appeal of beating up some old ass ** le for 1 . 
 being a lowlife and a deadbeat dad , and 2 . 
 hitting on his own daughter . 
 hypothetically , if i heard about a thing like that , even if it happened years ago , i could see me doing something about it the first time that bastard was unlucky enough to run into me somewhere , even if that somewhere happened to be one of your galleries . '' 
 that certainly shocked me speechless . 
 i pieced it together right away . 
 tristan was not a subtle man , and he 'd given me all the clues . 
 i 'd had no idea , no idea at all that bronson giles was danika 's biological father . 
 `` i guess that explains why he did n't press charges , '' i finally got out . 
 `` did he know she was his daughter when he hit on her ? '' 
 `` no , but you know what ? 
 i do n't f ** king care if he knew . 
 bastard had this coming . 
 can you imagine how that would mess with your head , to have your own dad trying to screw you ? '' 
 `` point taken . 
 thanks for clearing that up . '' 
 `` that 's it then ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 it was my job to scold you , fine you , or penalize you , per the clause in your contract that forbids you from fighting , and the casino 's attorneys were breathing down my neck about it , due to the fact that what you did is lawsuit territory , but i find i have no desire to pursue it . 
 good job , man . 
 i 'd have done the same . 
 have a nice afternoon . '' 
 he was laughing on the other end when i hung up . 
 chapter thirty-eight my light we were driving home when it slipped out . 
 i 'd regret it later , but like any deep cut , i did n't feel , or even recognize the damage i 'd done right away . 
 we 'd just had a wonderful visit with tristan and danika . 
 i 'd spent the afternoon watching bianca play with ming and hold nikolaj , and it had gone to my head . 
 `` we could adopt , '' i suggested . 
 she 'd been relaxed . 
 happy . 
 smiling . 
 it all shut down suddenly . 
 and she was stiff , distant , unreadable . 
 i tried to backtrack as soon as i saw her face . 
 `` i mean , if you did n't want to get pregnant , or ... i 'm just saying there are a lot of options . 
 tristan and danika have had a great experience ... i mean , i-it 's just an idea . '' 
 i felt awkward , my usual ease with words just escaping me . 
 not a word , not one iota of an expression change , not so much as one minuscule twitch in her facial expression , but i could feel her hurt , her pain , in the air . 
 it scared me . 
 i hated when she did this , when she shut me out . 
 it happened less frequently the longer we were together , but that just seemed to make it harder to cope with when it did happen . 
 `` i did n't mean to offend you , '' i finally tried again . 
 `` they just seem so happy . 
 it 's clearly worked for them . '' 
 `` i thought we were happy . 
 i thought we worked . '' 
 a hint of the accent that i rarely heard was in the words . 
 that 's how upset she was . 
 my stomach dropped . 
 she said it like the careless thing i 'd said somehow undid us being happy , undid us working . 
 fuck . 
 `` we are . 
 we do . 
 that came out badly . 
 that 's not even remotely close to what i meant . '' 
 but the damage was done . 
 she withdrew . 
 she left me , for a while . 
 someone occupied that body , but it was not my wife . 
 it was some stranger that shared nothing with me , none of her thoughts , none of her pain . 
 for days , she left me . 
 and then , she said it . 
 it . 
 the thing that broke my heart into a million jagged pieces . 
 `` maybe we should n't have gotten married . '' 
 i was having the damnedest time getting air in my lungs . 
 was this a dream ? 
 a nightmare ? 
 had she really just said that to me ? 
 those soul sucking eyes of her hit me like a punch . 
 not only was she not taking back the awful thing she 'd said , but she looked like she was getting angrier by the second , like she 'd actually meant it . 
 `` you should have always been honest with me about it , '' she clipped out . 
 `` people should not get married until they have reconciled a thing like this . 
 we should have waited . 
 i ... still do n't know if i want to have children , but you clearly do . '' 
 `` yes , yes , i ca n't deny , i would love to have children . 
 with you . 
 i want that . 
 but not more than i want you . 
 never . 
 i want you above all , over anything . 
 this is me being as honest as i can be . '' 
 she deflated a little , softened enough that i was dragging her into me , holding her , touching her , when she had n't been touchable for days now . 
 `` this is hard for me to say , to vocalize , to even utter out loud , '' she said softly , despair in her voice . 
 `` but i 'm not sure i can reconcile who i am , what i 've been through , with being a mother . 
 there is a darkness in me , a bloody stain that comes from my father . '' 
 she was wrong . 
 she was light . 
 my light . 
 all of that darkness inside of her only made the contrast that much sweeter . 
 `` i just ... i need more time . 
 please do n't rush me . 
 be patient with me , and i will work it out someday , i promise . '' 
 i held her so hard she could n't have found it easy to breathe . 
 `` take all the time you need . 
 i swear , i wo n't mention it again . 
 ever . 
 we are on your timeline here . 
 you know , i know you know , i ca n't do without you . '' 
 chapter thirty-nine my bliss something was up . 
 bianca had locked herself in the bathroom . 
 she 'd been in there for thirty f ** king minutes . 
 i knocked again . 
 `` love , are you okay in there ? 
 is something wrong ? '' 
 she mumbled that she was . 
 i left , did a few things , and came back a good thirty minutes later . 
 she was still f ** king in there . 
 i knocked again . 
 `` are you ill ? 
 did something disagree with your stomach ? '' 
 i was a tmi type of guy . 
 she mumbled a no , but she sounded strange . 
 i was just getting my phone out to call stephan when he burst into our bedroom without knocking . 
 i blinked at him . 
 this had never happened before . 
 he knew very well that our bedroom was not a safe place to enter without knocking . 
 odds were more likely than not he 'd scar his eyeballs for life , doing a thing like that . 
 what the hell was going on ? 
 his eyes ran over my face , and they were bright with excitement . 
 and possibly tears . 
 what the hell was going on ? 
 he was just striding to me when javier came up behind him to hover in the door . 
 without a word , stephan dragged me into a rough , back thumping embrace . 
 i patted him back , cause it seemed the right thing to do . 
 what the hell was going on ? 
 `` she did n't tell me first , '' he said , sounding excited . 
 `` i swear it . 
 i just guessed . 
 she said she wanted us to come over so she could tell us all something , and i just knew . '' 
 the confusion , the worry , started to change into something else entirely , something powerful and profound blooming in my chest . 
 `` tell you what ? '' 
 i asked softly , right as she opened the bathroom door . 
 i moved away from stephan to approach her . 
 she looked pale , something vulnerable her eyes . 
 her lower lip was trembling , her eyes pure liquid on me . 
 and she had something in her hand . 
 she held it up with a trembling hand . 
 stephan let out a loud whoop , thumping me on the back again repeatedly . 
 i approached , looked down at the little white stick in her hand . 
 a pregnancy test . 
 with a clear plus sign on it . 
 i dropped to my knees , burying my face against her belly , rubbing my face back and forth , taking deep steadying breaths , the strongest joy i 'd ever known washing over me , head to toe . 
 i had n't even been aware she 'd gone off birth control . 
 she had n't told me she was trying , and i understood . 
 she was already so nervous about it anyway . 
 she had n't wanted that extra pressure on her . 
 my excited , adoring eyes would have always been looking for signs of a pregnancy , from the second i knew it was even a possibility . 
 `` how long have you been off the pill ? '' 
 i asked her , lifting her shirt to kiss her stomach . 
 it was n't enough of her for me , and i dragged her shorts down , too , giving myself a generous amount of skin to wallow in . 
 i wallowed . 
 `` about a year , '' she said quietly . 
 `` how far along are you ? '' 
 `` twelve weeks . '' 
 my hands went to her ass , gripping as i rubbed my nose against her soft skin . 
 then my lips , my tongue , moving down , kissing from hipbone to hipbone . 
 javier cleared his throat . 
 reluctantly , i stopped , letting the other men embrace her . 
 stephan held her for a long time , so long that i just joined them , hugging her back as he took her front , my hands snaking around and between to rub over her belly , my face buried in her hair . 
 we stayed like that for a very long time . 
 i was holding the magical stick . 
 i could n't stop looking at it . 
 `` you know she peed on that , right ? '' 
 javier called out . 
 i shrugged . 
 i could not have cared less , tracing that plus sign with my finger . 
 `` james , '' bianca called . 
 she was lying on the bed , side by side with stephan and javier , stephan in the middle , looking at his phone . 
 javier 's head was on his shoulder . 
 bianca and stephan were holding hands . 
 she extricated her hand from stephan 's nudging him in the side . 
 `` tell him what you were telling me . '' 
 `` you need to get some coconut oil , to prevent stretch marks , '' he said , reading from his phone . 
 `` she 's freaked out about what 's going to happen to her body . 
 like , really freaked out . '' 
 she elbowed him for that , and he smiled , leaning over to kiss the side of her head . 
 i moved to sit at her hip , hand going to her stomach . 
 it was n't enough , and i turned , lifted her shirt up to her ribs , and rubbed my face into her skin . 
 she gripped my hair in both hands , stroking through the strands . 
 i started kissing her skin , and quickly got carried away . 
 `` seriously , man ? '' 
 stephan asked as i used my nose to push her shorts lower , mouth following . 
 i pulled up gasping . 
 `` just so you know , these sheets have n't been changed today . '' 
 i waited a beat . 
 `` and we had a busy morning . '' 
 `` oh god ! '' 
 javier said , jumping up . 
 `` that 's messed up , man , '' stephan said with a laugh , getting up more slowly . 
 it worked . 
 they gave us a moment of privacy . 
 well , more like an hour . 
 i could n't get enough of my mouth on her body . 
 my face in her belly . 
 hands cupping soft flesh . 
 i pulled her shorts and panties off , pushed her shirt up higher to bare her bra , snapped it open , pulled it all off , and took my mouth to her again . 
 i ate her out excessively . 
 tenderly . 
 i kept my tongue on her and in her until she begged for my cock . 
 we were gaming in the den , bianca in the next room , sorting through baby things . 
 `` i think you should have five , '' stephan said to me right before he shot javier in the head . 
 javier cursed . 
 `` i vote two . 
 more than two kids is too many , even with nannies . '' 
 `` my womb is not a democracy ! '' 
 bianca called from the other room . 
 i could n't stop laughing for the longest time . 
 none of us could . 
 she 'd taken to using coconut oil as her belly started growing . 
 just another reason i loved her pregnant . 
 she smelled like coconuts , vanilla , and bianca . 
 it was a heady combination . 
 `` how many do you think we 'll have after this one ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 `` how many what ? '' 
 she asked lazily , half asleep . 
 `` orgasms . '' 
 that woke her up a bit . 
 i grinned at her . 
 `` i 'm kidding . 
 kind of . 
 but i meant babies . 
 children . '' 
 she looked thoughtful . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i say we take it one baby at a time , if you do n't mind . '' 
 `` just throwing this out there , but i love you pregnant . 
 if that helps . '' 
 `` noted . '' 
 she was lying on her back in bed , and i had both of her feet in my lap , rubbing them . 
 i 'd enthusiastically taken over the task of oiling her up . 
 you might say i went overboard with it at times . 
 there was no such thing as having my hands on her too much or too often , though , as far as i was concerned . 
 we were staying at the new york apartment for a few weeks . 
 i was getting some work done before we went back to vegas , before bianca had to stop flying . 
 she came out of our closet , holding a silly looking pair of pants in front of her . 
 `` no , just no . 
 normally jackie is pretty reliable , but she 's gone too far this time . '' 
 i smiled , bemused . 
 jackie was a strange one , with an off sense of humor that i 'd always appreciated . 
 i assumed that this was her version of a joke , but i was n't actually sure . 
 `` tell her no more hammer pants . '' 
 i laughed . 
 that 's what they were ! 
 `` hammer pants . '' 
 she gave me an exasperated , wide-eyed look . 
 `` is this some sort of maternity wardrobe joke ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` we can only hope . '' 
 her already ample br ** sts had gotten huge . 
 it did n't matter what she wore , whether she showed her cle ** age or wore a shirt up to her neck , they quite simply tried to escape her clothes , pushing at buttons , swelling into and over any single thing that she tried to wear . 
 between that perfectly rounded belly and those mouthwatering tits of hers , i was useless as soon as she entered a room , throbbing in seconds , no matter the company . 
 if she came into arm 's reach of me , i was done , my hands filling with her lush curves whether i willed it or fought it . 
 even after all the years together , she still blushed for me , but never resisted , never batted me away . 
 i tried to take her out a few times when she was blooming with her pregnancy , but quickly found that this was impossible for me . 
 i sat across the table from her in red , drinking her in , watching her take a sip of water , her lips wet , her throat working . 
 that alone put me in a state . 
 hardcore bdsm p ** n could not have done for me what just watching her take one draw of water did . 
 i was sitting beside her , my chair dragged with me , between one drink and the next , my arm around her , the other rubbing at her belly , then her thigh under the table . 
 her mouth parted in a gasp , and i bent to kiss her , my intent innocent enough , if anything could be innocent when i had been obsessed with f ** king her senseless since the moment i 'd set eyes on her . 
 the years had not softened that need one bit . 
 one soft wet touch of her lips made me snap , and i groaned as i nuzzled into her parted lips , sliding my tongue into her mouth , then out to lick her lips . 
 i took them hard , sucking , licking , biting as i wrapped her close with one arm , the other snaking up to fondle her glorious tits . 
 she murmured something unintelligible , her tone surprised , but i could n't stop rubbing , fondling , eating at her lush pink mouth . 
 she wore a loose maternity style sundress with a rounded neckline . 
 it showed enough of her cle ** age that i almost had n't let her leave the house in it . 
 my first instinct was quickly proving to be wise , as i barely stopped my hand from plunging in to touch skin . 
 attempting to restrain myself , i moved my lips to her brow , and my roaming hand back to her belly . 
 a soft gasp out of her mouth had me losing it again , bending to nuzzle into her exposed cle ** age , my hands cupping her br ** sts together to better feast . 
 i tore myself away when one errant hand decided on its own to grab her hand and drag it to my pulsing cock . 
 i was panting as i said , `` i think we need to go . '' 
 she swallowed , hand still on the throbbing bulge of my erection . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i bent and started kissing her , then tore myself away again . 
 we did n't even try to make it to the apartment . 
 i dragged her up to my office suite . 
 the first mating was frenzied and fast . 
 i laid her on the edge of the bed , grabbed her hips , and plunged in , f ** king as hard and fast as i dared . 
 i was obsessed with her tits , and i carefully climbed over her body , pushing them together . 
 i shoved my c ** k in between , fixated on titty f ** king her , but it would n't work . 
 i 'd have had to put pressure on her belly that way . 
 i finally settled for sitting her up in a chair , gripping her br ** sts and f ** king them like that , upright , grabbing great handfuls of her flesh and rubbing into her . 
 her devouring eyes kept me hypnotized all the while . 
 i came on her chest and still coming , kneeled down and got under her belly to suck on her clit , fingers driving into her , making her come hard and fast . 
 epilogue my family i 've been remade five times in my life . 
 you know about the first four . 
 and i 'm sure you can guess the fifth . 
 fatherhood suited me . 
 i 'd always suspected it would , but the reality , the day to day of it , blew me away . 
 and bianca as a mother was all that i had ever wanted . 
 watching her grow into the role , growing together , it was the very meaning of my life . 
 the purpose of my existence . 
 we had three beautiful children , one boy and two girls , each of them roughly one year apart . 
 they were our pride and joy . 
 duncan was a brilliant boy . 
 i knew he had a mind for business early on . 
 he was enterprising , born with the shoulders to carry heavy responsibilities . 
 he looked like me and had many of my traits , with little sprinkles of his mother apparent in the little subtle movements of his face . 
 the twist of his smile . 
 the wrinkling of his nose . 
 he was a charmer , that one . 
 but also sweet and loving . 
 duncan worshipped his mother , thought the sun rose and set in her smile , would move mountains to win her approval . 
 he got that from me . 
 imogen was passionate and resilient , and terrifying in her stubborn pride . 
 she was a fighter . 
 she and duncan could have been twins , they looked so much alike . 
 she had a strong sense of justice and a compassionate soul . 
 she was versatile in that she could have done anything , been anything , because she always excelled . 
 we never tried to predict where her life would take her . 
 we were just excited to watch her path . 
 isabella was an artist . 
 we knew early on . 
 she was a daydreamer . 
 a stargazer . 
 our little angel was born with the ability to see and create beauty . 
 obviously she got that joyous talent from her mother . 
 and at last we had a child that favored bianca in looks . 
 except for her eyes . 
 those were mine . 
 she was sweet to a fault , a lover to imogen 's fighter . 
 of course , i was her favorite . 
 she was a daddy 's girl . 
 absolutely . 
 i would move heaven and earth to keep it that way . 
 the real romance in life did n't come in that first sweet taste of love , as profound and life changing as it was . 
 there was love then , yes . 
 obsession , passion , infatuation . 
 all of that and more . 
 but the true romance came from the slow lapse of time , the inexorable passing of days , weeks , months , years , decades . 
 i 'd hold onto her with the last breath in my body . 
 my final thought would be that i had n't gotten enough , i just knew it . 
 because i would never have enough . 
 never enough sweet moments . 
 never enough shared smiles . 
 never enough of touching her . 
 never enough grabbing her face in both of my hands and marveling at the miracle of love . 
 never enough of watching her grow as a person . 
 growing with her . 
 watching her journey as the mother of my children . 
 taking that journey with her . 
 never enough of sharing every single burden , big and small , that she would let me , and sometimes not giving her a choice , taking those burdens from her , prying them from her elegant hands and carrying them myself . 
 and the fights , yes , even the most horrible ones we ever had , because they taught me something about her , and more about myself . 
 the inside jokes , the shared humor may have just been the best part about sharing my life with my soul mate . 
 nothing on this earth was more romantic than a private inside joke still going , still bringing us joy , still making us laugh as we added layers to it , after twenty years together . 
 then thirty . 
 forty . 
 true love was a language , so many looks , touches and one word references that told the other more than full sentences or paragraphs , more than full outpourings of speech . 
 our language was extensive and beautiful , and over a joyful lifetime together , we stayed fluent in it . 
 our wives were having a mommy pamper day at the spa with the girls while we had a bbq with the kids at tristan and danika 's house . 
 it was a disaster , because that was the day we realized something very troubling , something that would haunt us for many years . 
 we were on the patio , tristan grilling us burgers , as we watched the kids playing in their park of a backyard . 
 we were both dads that prided ourselves on being our kids ' favorites , but when this group got together , they forgot we even existed . 
 i pointed at nikaloj , huddled together with imogen . 
 `` no f ** king way , '' i told tristan . 
 `` that right there is not happening . '' 
 he curled his lip at me , waving a hand at cleo and duncan . 
 they were holding hands . 
 they were only six , but that was n't the point . 
 `` what about that right there ? 
 what the ever-loving f ** k is up with that ? 
 i 'll tell you right now i wo n't stand for it . '' 
 `` oh you think you have it rough ? '' 
 i stabbed a finger towards isabella and jared . 
 they were wrestling . 
 oh , the outrage . 
 `` by my math i have it at least twice as bad as you . '' 
 the bastard laughed , threw back his head and laughed like crazy . 
 `` oh man , you are right . 
 that 's so true . 
 you do have it worse . 
 when these kids are teenagers you are going to hate your life . '' 
 `` ming will be a teenager first , '' i pointed out , as it was only fair . 
 she was the only child deemed mature enough to embrace a day at the spa with the mommies , so she was n't there , but i felt she should be included here . 
 `` fuck , '' he said , low and succinct . 
 this time it was me that could n't stop laughing . 
 the idea of tristan as the father of a teenage girl as she started to date was just priceless . 
 `` all of the kids are closely paired up in ages , every one but ming . 
 our daughters , bianca , tristan 's rowdy boys are going to try to take our daughters ! '' 
 i had to get it off my chest . 
 it was too much for any father to have to bear alone . 
 she laughed , not looking at all worried , not understanding how serious and terrible this was . 
 `` yeah , we figured that out already . 
 and they all like each other , too . 
 imogen told me the other day that she was in love with nikolaj and wants to marry him . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no , no , no . 
 just no . 
 i forbid it . 
 categorically , no . '' 
 `` and duncan , too . 
 him and cleo . 
 they 're inseparable . '' 
 `` that 's not as bad , since he 's a boy . '' 
 `` that 's sexist , '' she pointed out . 
 i supposed it was , but something about boys getting near my little girls was just much more disturbing to me , more inherently unacceptable . 
 it went beyond logic and into gut reaction territory . 
 `` jared and isabella are sweet to each other , too , '' she added , rubbing salt in my wound . 
 i thought of something that cheered me up . 
 `` can you imagine tristan , when ming or cleo start dating ? '' 
 she got a real kick out of it , too . 
 we were still laughing when imogen busted in on us . 
 we were in bianca 's painting studio , at the vegas house . 
 she was painting , and i was sitting in my favorite spot , a sofa angled just perfectly to watch her work . 
 as always , it was a joy to watch her , one of life 's greatest pleasures . 
 sitting right here , in this exact spot , brought me peace , more peace than i thought i 'd ever have , ever deserve . 
 imogen took in the room , zeroed in on me , a brilliant smile breaking out across her face . 
 i smiled back . 
 she was drop dead gorgeous and a shameless heart breaker to boot . 
 she 'd recently had her dark blonde hair cut into a bob with short bangs that made her eyes positively glow in her face , their brightness contrasting in a startling way with her dusky skin . 
 she was bouncing on her feet , her bob bouncing with her . 
 it was about the cutest thing i 'd ever seen . 
 `` what 's going on , princess ? '' 
 i asked her , knowing there was something . 
 she kept smiling , batting her lashes as she came and climbed on my lap . 
 i tousled her hair and kissed her temple . 
 bianca and i shared a smile . 
 she was up to something , for sure . 
 isabella came skipping into the room , her tangle of blonde hair flying wildly . 
 she scrunched her face up and blew me a kiss before heading to her own workstation beside her mother , setting up her small easel and canvas all by herself and without a word , absorbed in her task . 
 bianca incarnate . 
 duncan came in next , holding a phone and looking at imogen , his expression stern . 
 `` what 's with the phone , bud ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 he was six . 
 he was not old enough to need a phone . 
 `` and whose phone is that ? '' 
 `` clark 's , '' he said , pointing at the little angel in my lap . 
 `` ask her what she did . '' 
 i scooped her up and cradled her , smiling down into her guilty face . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 she scrunched up her nose , craning her head to glare at her brother . 
 `` tattletale . 
 i 'm going to tell nikolaj and jared that you 're a tattletale . '' 
 `` would n't that just be you tattling on my tattle ? 
 what 's that going to solve ? '' 
 i tried and failed to hide my laughter . 
 `` and i guess you get to ask them soon , '' duncan added , `` since you invited them over . '' 
 `` how long have you had clark 's phone ? '' 
 i asked . 
 duncan pointed at imogen . 
 `` she had it . 
 i just now got it from her . 
 she 's been using it to call the vega kids . 
 she invited nikolaj over for tea . 
 and now they 're all on their way over . '' 
 i bent down and kissed the tip of her nose . 
 `` you been talking to boys ? 
 no more of that , princess . 
 not until you 're thirty . '' 
 she giggled . 
 i set her on her feet . 
 `` i want you to return clark 's phone to him . 
 you need to say sorry , since you were the one to take it . '' 
 my tone was gentle but chiding . 
 as she left the room , duncan on her heels again , i called tristan . 
 `` my daughter stole a phone to make a call to your son , '' i told him . 
 he laughed and laughed . 
 `` oh man , that is the best . 
 what will they do next ? 
 my money is on them knocking off a bank . 
 we 'll have a little bonnie and clyde on our hands . 
 better start setting aside the bail money now . '' 
 `` i heard a rumor that you 're on your way over here . '' 
 `` not me , no . 
 did n't you hear ? '' 
 `` hmm ? '' 
 `` we 're not bringing the kids over . 
 they left without us . '' 
 `` what ? 
 how ? '' 
 he was laughing hard . 
 `` imogen sent them a car and driver . '' 
