 chapter one sophia the first thing that i remembered was that i was cold . 
 everything was still black and my body would n't respond , but i shivered nonetheless . 
 then , gradually , things began to swim into focus , as though i were floating upwards from the darkest depths of the sea . 
 i coughed . 
 then again . 
 and then sucked in several great breaths . 
 one by one , i could feel muscles spark back to life . 
 they were like dead weights , attached to my body , but at least i could move . 
 it took a few minutes for my mind to drag itself out of neutral . 
 my first thought was that my lunch with ruth must have turned into the bender to end all benders . 
 it had happened before , and the cotton wool sensation in my head was at least a little reminiscent of my nastier hangovers . 
 but then i remembered the following morning . 
 my walk through newtown . 
 my newfound resolve to start getting things back on track . 
 the broken back door . 
 the stabbing pain in my neck . 
 the strong hands catching me as i fell towards the floor . 
 oh jesus . 
 oh fuck . 
 what the fuck had happened ? 
 where was i ? 
 and how long had i been out ? 
 i flung myself into a sitting position , a move i instantly regretted as it sent a powerful coil of nausea twisting through my stomach . 
 right , then . 
 no fast movements . 
 drawing a few calming breaths , i steadied myself and surveyed my surroundings . 
 at first glance , the room around me appeared fairly ordinary . 
 sparsely furnished , with just a bed , table , and bookshelf , the cream coloured walls and smooth wooden floor boards made it feel a lot like the guest bedroom in my parents ' house . 
 however it did n't take long for the differences to become apparent . 
 firstly , there were no windows , just a small space above the bed that looked to have been painted more recently than the rest . 
 similarly , the door looked somehow out of place ; a giant slab of thick timber with a heavy iron lock . 
 battling a bout of vertigo , i dragged myself to my feet and stumbled over to it . 
 i knew what i 'd find , but my chest still tightened when the handle refused to budge . 
 the room may not have looked like a traditional prison cell , but it would hold me just as effectively . 
 this time , the nausea came on more strongly . 
 it clawed at my insides like a wild animal . 
 i tasted bile , sharp and hot , at the back of my throat . 
 somehow i managed to stagger to the corner of the room before my stomach emptied itself on the floor . 
 when it was over , i dragged myself back to the bed and curled into a ball . 
 i knew i should try and approach the situation logically , but all i could focus on was the terror that was running like ice water through my veins . 
 how could i possibly react rationally in the face of something like this ? 
 i 'd been kidnapped from my house by unknown assailants , shot full of god knows what , and was now being held prisoner , for reasons i did n't understand . 
 it was straight out of a horror movie . 
 even through the haze in my mind , i knew that this had something to do with sebastian . 
 it was the only explanation that made sense . 
 the fear i 'd seen in that final letter told me all i needed to know . 
 whatever he was involved in was extremely dangerous , and now i was in the thick of it . 
 and i had no idea why . 
 take a deep breath , sophia . 
 crying is n't going to do you any good . 
 i started with what i knew . 
 they had n't killed me outright . 
 as horrifying as it was to consider , they could easily have done so . 
 that meant they wanted something . 
 was someone trying to extort sebastian ? 
 he certainly had the wealth for it . 
 if that were the case , they 'd probably already told him they had me . 
 the ball was in his court . 
 would he do what they asked ? 
 it pained me to admit , but i did n't know . 
 i had no doubt that he loved me , but the stakes were obviously much higher than i 'd imagined . 
 perhaps they were too high . 
 of course , extortion was probably the best case scenario . 
 there were much darker possibilities . 
 if sebastian 's secrets were as large as they seemed , it made sense that he 'd have enemies , enemies who may be under the impression i knew something important . 
 i suspected that if that were the case , they would n't be gentle about extracting the truth . 
 my mind filled with terrifying visions ; knives and saws and long iron pokers , heated to a glowing red . 
 deep down i knew there was a third possibility too . 
 maybe my kidnappers were n't strangers at all . 
 no matter how i approached it , i could n't see sebastian having anything to do with this , but i could n't say the same for his colleagues . 
 we had n't exactly kept our discussion in his building private . 
 i knew thomas had overheard and it certainly was n't unreasonable to think that others might have as well . 
 i had almost no idea what went on at fraiser , a few scraps at best , but perhaps it was enough to make them feel threatened . 
 and if that were the case , my gut told me that they would n't hesitate to do anything to rectify the problem . 
 i tried to convince myself that sebastian was just moments away from tearing down the door and riding in on his white horse , but the truth was he had no way of knowing what had happened . 
 he 'd been very clear that all our ties were severed . 
 even if my captors had told him they had me , they would n't have been stupid enough to give away their location . 
 for now , i was on my own . 
 gradually , whatever they 'd shot into me seemed to wear off and i began to feel more human . 
 my mind ran in a constant circle , my body surging with some powerful combination of fear and anger . 
 i paced the room , testing the lock over and over , searching for breaks in the plaster , anything that might hint at some chance of escape . 
 i knew that it was all but impossible - this was n't some hasty , spur of the moment snatch and grab - but i could n't simply sit there and wait for what came next . 
 it felt too much like admitting defeat . 
 i had no idea how much time passed . 
 it 's funny how quickly you lose sense of the hours in a room with no clocks or natural light . 
 eventually though , during one of my circuits of the far wall , there was a rattling at the door . 
 steeling myself , i took a few steps towards it and poised there . 
 i was n't sure what was coming , but i wanted to be ready , should an opportunity present itself . 
 the door flew open and a burly looking man in a suit walked through . 
 he had dark olive skin , darker than sebastian 's , and heavy black curls that were cropped close to his head . 
 he was carrying a tray with a sandwich and a glass of juice resting on it . 
 `` dinner , '' he said . 
 he spoke with a sharp accent ; russian maybe , or middle eastern . 
 i had no doubt he was n't the only one on guard duty , and judging by the easy confidence with which he moved , he was n't particularly concerned about me escaping . 
 but as he walked closer , i caught a glimpse of the open door behind him and all my survival instincts kicked in . 
 `` thank you , '' i replied , amazed by how little my voice was shaking . 
 i reached calmly for the orange juice and began raising it to my lips , then with a flick of my wrist i tossed the liquid into his face and darted for the door . 
 in my head , it worked flawlessly . 
 i saw him collapse to the floor as the citric acid set his eyes burning . 
 i saw myself finding the guard outside sleeping on his chair and , after stealing his gun and handcuffing him in place , making a daring escape . 
 unfortunately we were n't in a movie . 
 this was real life . 
 instead of falling , my captor let out a short hiss , and one hand flew up to his eyes , but he was obviously well trained because despite his temporary blindness , he moved to block my path . 
 in retrospect , it was a pretty stupid plan ; there was only one place i could go and he knew it . 
 but desperation is a powerful emotion and i only had two words running through my head at that moment . 
 get away . 
 i ploughed right into him . 
 he must have weighed at least double what i did , but that did n't stop me from trying to fight . 
 i let loose with everything i had , pounding his chest , his stomach , his neck . 
 i landed a few good blows , but they barely seemed to register . 
 it was like punching a mattress . 
 the heavy muscle that coated his body absorbed everything . 
 i shifted my focus , trying to strike him between the legs , but by that time his eyes were open once more and he blocked my attacks with ease , seizing my arms and pinning them together with one giant , meaty hand . 
 `` nice try , '' he said with a smirk . 
 `` now , my turn . '' 
 and then with almost derisive casualness , he flicked back his arm and struck my face with a colossal backhand . 
 i spun through the air , my vision flaring white as i slammed into the floor . 
 the impact knocked all the breath from my lungs . 
 `` eat , '' he said . 
 `` the boss wants to talk to you , but it may be a while . '' 
 he glanced down at the now empty cup . 
 `` i guess you 're going thirsty until then . '' 
 and with another smirk , he pulled the door closed behind him . 
 i crawled over to the wall and propped myself up against it . 
 my whole head was ringing , and my cheek felt like it were on fire . 
 it would be a lovely shade of purple in a few hours . 
 great plan , sophia . 
 just beat up mr universe over there and make a breezy escape . 
 that 'll work a treat . 
 i knew i should probably eat , but just glancing at the sandwich made my stomach turn . 
 how could i think about food at a time like this ? 
 i desperately wanted to retain my composure , but that encounter had really driven home the hopelessness of the situation . 
 i began to cry ; fat , salty , desperate tears that flowed like a river down my face . 
 i was utterly helpless . 
 escape was not an option . 
 whatever they wanted from me , they were going to take . 
 the only question was how they would go about it . 
 * * * * * somehow , i managed to fall asleep . 
 i do n't know if it was the lingering effect of the drugs , or my body 's way of trying to cope with the situation , but the next thing i remember is waking up to some sort of commotion in the hall outside . 
 i had no idea what it meant ; the walls were thick and the sounds indistinct , but at this point , i assumed that any activity was probably bad . 
 it signalled that we were progressing on to whatever happened next . 
 i desperately wanted to hide , but there was nowhere to go . 
 my chest felt impossibly heavy , and my heartbeat was like gunfire in my ears . 
 there was a brief lull , but after about thirty seconds of silence the lock jangled once more . 
 i braced myself . 
 the door flew open ... ... and in stormed sebastian , a sleek black pistol in his hand . 
 my stomach turned a cartwheel . 
 his face was a picture of desperation , fear etched into every line on his skin . 
 seeing him again made my whole body ache , the wound left by his letter tearing open inside me once more . 
 his eyes were wild , almost insane , but they lit up as they fell upon me . 
 `` sophia , '' he cried , taking three quick strides and lifting me into the fiercest hug i 'd ever experienced . 
 as he wrapped his body around mine , everything surged inside me . 
 i finally let myself feel the full magnitude of the situation . 
 i found that i was crying again . 
 my chest shook with great heaving sobs , incoherent thanks spilling from my mouth . 
 he was warm and strong and radiated control , and i buried myself deeper against him , as if his body could somehow shield me from everything i was feeling . 
 he took my reaction in his stride , holding me close and stroking my hair softly . 
 `` i know , i know . 
 it 's okay . 
 i 've got you . '' 
 his touch was soothing . 
 his presence washed over me , filling me with that primal sense of security . 
 i knew things were a long way from being okay , and i still had more questions than i knew what to do with , but at that moment , i 'd never been more relieved to see another person in my life . 
 after some time , the flood finally began to ease and i found myself able to speak again . 
 `` can we get out of here ? 
 i ca n't be here anymore . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 as i pulled away , he caught sight of my face and his expression hardened . 
 `` did they hurt you ? '' 
 `` well they did this , '' i said , gesturing to my cheek where i assumed a bruise was blossoming , `` but that was mostly my own fault for trying to do a runner . '' 
 `` none of this is your fault , sophia , '' he said , sounding impossibly sad . 
 he led me out into the hallway . 
 somehow , i 'd gotten into my head that sebastian had done this alone , james bond style ; but , of course , that was ridiculous . 
 waiting for us outside were five hulking men , sporting earpieces and stubby black guns . 
 their crisp suits and grim expressions made them dead ringers for my visitor from before . 
 if i had n't known any better , i 'd have guessed they were on the same side . 
 maybe all the world 's evil organisations shop at the same rental agency . 
 rent-a-thug . 
 but even my inner monologue 's attempt at wit could n't bring a smile to my face at that moment . 
 seeing them all standing there , alert and armed to the teeth , really drove home exactly what kind of shit i had embroiled myself in . 
 they had guns , for christ 's sake . 
 i 'd never seen a drawn gun in real life before . 
 australian firearms laws are notoriously tough , so it 's just not the kind of thing we are exposed to . 
 but here were five men , carrying pistols as casually as if they were newspapers ; and judging by the way they handled them , they were perfectly comfortable putting them to use . 
 i could n't see any sign of struggle in the hallway , but i doubted my captors had just invited sebastian and company in for afternoon tea . 
 blood had been spilt here somewhere . 
 blood that , in a roundabout way , was on my hands . 
 i shook my head rapidly , trying to clear the image . 
 that kind of thinking would do me no good . 
 several men scouted ahead while the rest walked with sebastian and i to the front door . 
 it was dark outside , but judging by the suburban buzz in the air , it was n't too late at night . 
 my prison turned out to be nothing more than a large , two-story house . 
 obviously some significant changes had been made , but to the casual observer , nothing would have stood out as strange . 
 there were several cars waiting for us . 
 sebastian guided me into one and followed me into the back seat , and in a matter of seconds we were turning the corner and pulling out into the night-time traffic . 
 safety . 
 with every meter we put between us and the house , the tension in my muscles eased just a little more . 
 i still felt like i might break down again at any moment , but at least the sense of sheer terror was subsiding . 
 now , i just felt exhausted , vulnerable , and utterly utterly confused . 
 sebastian seemed to be almost ignoring me now . 
 he was staring out the window , the initial relief on his face gone , replaced by a kind of heavy thoughtfulness . 
 for my part , i did n't know what i was supposed to be doing . 
 i was so ill-equipped to deal with the situation . 
 part of me just wanted to throw myself back into the comfort of his embrace , but now that we were making our escape , the questions began to come again , piling up in my head almost faster than i could process them . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i asked , figuring that was as good a starting spot as any . 
 he looked over at me . 
 `` somewhere safe . '' 
 `` safe from who ? '' 
 there was uncertainty in his eyes , that innate defensiveness he 'd spent a lifetime fostering . 
 `` can we not do this now , sophia ? 
 you 've just been through one hell of an ordeal . '' 
 `` exactly , and now i want to understand what happened . 
 so who the hell were those guys ? '' 
 his jaw worked wordlessly for a few seconds , but eventually he let out a small sigh . 
 `` honestly , i 'm not sure . '' 
 `` seriously ? 
 no idea at all ? '' 
 he shook his head wearily . 
 `` we 're working on it . '' 
 `` then how the hell did you find me ? '' 
 he hesitated . 
 i could see what looked like guilt on his face . 
 `` after i sent you that letter ... i know this looks bad , but i was worried about you . 
 so , '' he drew a deep breath , `` i left someone watching your place . 
 it was just a precaution , but thank god i did . 
 they saw the whole thing go down . '' 
 my eyes widened . 
 `` you mean you expected this ? '' 
 `` no . 
 no ! 
 of course not . '' 
 he ran a hand through his hair . 
 he looked utterly distraught . 
 `` like i said , it was a ` just in case ' measure , that 's all . 
 some of the people we deal with ... well , there 's not much they 're not capable of , and things are a little unstable at the moment . 
 i just wanted you to be safe . '' 
 `` so why did n't your guy intervene ? '' 
 `` there were three men that took you , and they were good - professional . 
 he did n't think he could stop them by himself , so he called it in and followed , instead . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 i could n't say i was n't thankful he 'd had someone there , but it was a little like handing someone a fire extinguisher after you 'd set their place alight . 
 also , it drew my mind to the elephant in the room . 
 last time i 'd gotten too curious , sebastian had offered me nothing but heartbreak , but this was different . 
 i was no longer merely a spectator . 
 my life had been put in jeopardy . 
 that entitled me to know a few things . 
 `` how about we cut to the chase then . 
 you may not know who they were , but you sure as hell know who you are . 
 what kind of man are you , sebastian ? 
 and what the hell is all this ? '' 
 he gave a desperate little shake of his head , his eyes darting towards the unnamed guard sitting in the driver 's seat . 
 `` you know i ca n't answer that . '' 
 `` so , what , i have to go along with all this without any idea what 's happening to me ? '' 
 his brow furrowed . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 i felt a surge of anger and i latched onto it . 
 i may not have been able to take out my frustration on my captors , but i sure as hell could lash out at sebastian . 
 `` sorry ? 
 you 're sorry ? 
 are you for real ? 
 i just got kidnapped ! 
 do you understand that ? 
 sorry does n't really cut it . 
 maybe in whatever secret , corporate world you guys play in that 's normal , but in regular person land , that 's kind of a big fucking deal . '' 
 he hung his head . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` at least give me something . 
 what about a motive ? 
 i mean , what would anyone want with me ? 
 i have no idea about whatever it is you 're into . 
 as you just illustrated , that knowledge is clearly not for the likes of me . '' 
 his lips tightened . 
 `` i do n't know exactly . 
 we 're trying to work that out . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` awesome . 
 you do n't know who they are , or what they want . 
 is there anything you do know ? '' 
 his expression hardened . 
 `` i know that i 'm not going to let it happen again . '' 
 i gave a sour little laugh . 
 `` forgive me if that does n't fill me with confidence . '' 
 `` what else do you want , sophia ? 
 i 'm sorry beyond words that this happened , and i 'm going to do everything i can to make it right . '' 
 tears stung the back of my eyes but i forced them away . 
 `` how ? 
 how can you possibly make this right ? 
 there are people after me , sebastian , and i 'm guessing they 're not going to stop just because you foiled them once . 
 my life is officially in tatters and i do n't even know why . '' 
 his mouth opened and closed but no words came out . 
 `` you know , i lost my job , '' i said , after a few seconds of silence . 
 my voice sounded strangely wooden , now . 
 for a moment , confusion flooded his face . 
 `` what ? 
 when ? '' 
 `` a few days after i went to your office . 
 jennifer finally made her move . '' 
 surprisingly , i could n't even muster much anger at her . 
 my being fired already felt hazy , like a distant memory . 
 `` when it happened , it felt like the end of the world . 
 all i could think about was the fact that i had to start from scratch . 
 now , i do n't even know if i 'm going to get that opportunity . '' 
 he looked like he 'd been struck . 
 `` i promise that you will , sophia . 
 i 'm going to get you through this . 
 you 'll get your life back . '' 
 `` when ? 
 when will i be able to go back home and start rebuilding ? 
 when can i see my family ? 
 my friends ? '' 
 he glanced away and gave a little shake of his head . 
 `` i do n't know , yet . '' 
 `` that 's what i thought . 
 god , it seems like being in a relationship with you should come with an advance warning : may involve significant peril . '' 
 realisation slammed into me , and i rocked back in my seat . 
 `` oh my god . 
 sebastian . 
 the thing with liv ... was that like this ? '' 
 i did n't know how it had n't occurred to me earlier . 
 the coincidence was impossible to ignore . 
 he closed his eyes and drew several long breaths , his fingers clenching into a fist by his face . 
 there was something in that gesture that was stronger than mere anger , a kind of deep seated mental agony . 
 `` i do n't know , exactly , '' he said , after a few moments . 
 he spoke slowly , his tone soft and hollow . 
 `` we never arrested anyone . 
 as far as we know , there was no kidnapping . 
 it all happened in the house . 
 not a day goes by where i do n't wonder about it , whether it was because of me . '' 
 his face twisted in pain . 
 i could hear him sucking back tears . 
 `` but this here , what happened to you , this is definitely my fault , and i know it 's probably little comfort to you , but i 'll never forgive myself for putting you in harm 's way . '' 
 i stared at him , a torrent of conflicting emotions raging through me . 
 part of me was still furious . 
 he had every right to feel ashamed . 
 after all , if i 'd never met him , none of this would have happened . 
 he 'd pursued me , despite knowing that there may be risks , and i 'd paid the price for that . 
 but i could n't ignore the anguish in his voice , the guilt that was etched on his face . 
 he meant what he said about never forgiving himself . 
 he would carry this forever . 
 it was a strange role reversal , but suddenly i felt the urge to comfort him . 
 regardless of everything that had happened , i still hated seeing him hurt . 
 the connection between us still blazed like an inferno inside me . 
 it was like his pain flowed out through his pores and into mine , seeping into me . 
 i spent the rest of the trip gazing out the window , watching the houses roll by . 
 my fear may have eased , but my confusion was at an all-time high . 
 i still had no idea what i was involved in , but i knew it had to be big . 
 whatever came over the next few days , i suspected that my life would never be the same again . 
 chapter two sophia after driving for another half an hour we wound up at a giant old manor house , somewhere in the depths of eastern sydney . 
 it looked like the sort of place that belonged in a nineteenth century british period drama . 
 a long driveway , manicured gardens , ivy snaking over the ageing brickwork like a network of veins . 
 it was shielded from the outside world by a tall , concrete wall , with a gothic looking wrought-iron gate providing the only access point . 
 `` it 's a secure location , '' sebastian told me as we pulled in , although it was a somewhat redundant comment . 
 one look at the expressionless men with automatic weapons , who were posted around the grounds , said that this was n't somewhere you stumbled into uninvited . 
 a voice inside me wanted to know who the hell had multi-million dollar safe-houses just lying around for situations like this , but when stacked next to everything else that had happened , it somehow seemed to make sense . 
 i felt a guilty little rush of excitement . 
 whatever world sebastian had tried to keep from me , i was now being taken into the heart of it . 
 i 'd decided to save the rest of my questions until we had a little more privacy . 
 it seemed unlikely his friends would kidnap me , only to break down the door and rescue me a few hours later , but i was going to be cautious nonetheless . 
 i was swimming in unfamiliar waters now . 
 i could n't afford any mistakes . 
 sebastian and i had n't said another word for the rest of the trip . 
 there was something strangely distant about him now . 
 it did n't make sense , but it almost felt as though he were angry at me . 
 surprisingly , there were about ten people waiting for us inside , including several faces i recognised . 
 thomas and trey both approached as i entered . 
 `` what 's with the welcoming party , guys ? '' 
 i joked , bemused by their presence . 
 thomas flashed a quick grin . 
 `` someone called ahead . 
 said they 'd got you . 
 i 'm glad you 're okay . '' 
 `` yeah , you gave us one hell of a scare , '' said trey . 
 `` well , thanks , '' i replied . 
 the two men shuffled awkwardly in place , their eyes darting to the floor . 
 there was a strange tension in the air , and it did n't take a genius to figure out why . 
 whatever sebastian 's secret , the whole room was clearly in on it , and at that point it had to be obvious to everyone that i knew more than i was supposed to . 
 i 'd seen too much to still be in the dark . 
 thomas and trey appeared to be taking it in their strides , but not everyone looked so happy to see us . 
 several more of sebastian 's colleagues , including ewan , were standing in a nearby doorway , assessing him with dark expressions . 
 `` what 's the deal with them ? '' 
 i asked . 
 thomas glanced over and grimaced . 
 `` eh , just office politics . 
 do n't worry about it . '' 
 before i could delve any deeper , sebastian appeared next to me . 
 `` there 's a room made up for you upstairs . 
 there 's also food , if you 're hungry . '' 
 i knew i should probably eat , but my stomach was still churning from the enormity of everything that had happened . 
 what i really needed was a chance to process everything . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i think i 'll just hit the hay , if that 's okay . '' 
 `` whatever you want , '' he replied . 
 i nodded farewells to the guys , who flashed tight little smiles before drifting back towards their colleagues . 
 i wondered if they were going to get chewed out for talking to me . 
 i got the sense that i was n't exactly a guest of honour . 
 sebastian led me upstairs and round the corner to a plainly made up bedroom . 
 `` there 's a bathroom if you want a shower , and something to change into . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i said . 
 that strange sense of hesitation was still there in his demeanour , like he was dealing with a distant cousin he only saw at family get-togethers . 
 the desperation , the burning need i 'd felt when he first burst into my prison , was nowhere in sight . 
 `` is there something else going on ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i nodded towards the foyer . 
 `` i 'm not stupid enough to think they 're all here for me . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` things have been a bit crazy around here . 
 your disappearance ... well , it was n't an isolated event . '' 
 i wanted to ask more , but the way his brow furrowed and his voice shook when he spoke told me that perhaps the other situations had n't turned out so well . 
 there would be time to discuss it later . 
 he moved to leave , but paused in the doorway . 
 `` like i said , this place is as secure as possible . 
 you saw the guards as we came in , and nobody outside of us even knows it exists . 
 you 're safe here , sophia . '' 
 i nodded , although it felt like a lie . 
 in spite of the virtual fortress around me , i was n't sure i 'd ever really feel safe again . 
 * * * * * in the past , i 'd always considered sleep a sanctuary . 
 a lot of people in high powered jobs struggle to get enough rest , but no matter how stressed or strung out i was , it had always come easily for me . 
 i love that sense of complete escape , of just shutting down and blocking it all out for a few hours . 
 but tonight was different . 
 every time i closed my eyes , it was like being plunged into biting water . 
 i kept remembering the way it had felt that morning , in my house , fading out as the drugs took hold . 
 the brief explosion of dread like a hand closing around my heart as i realised , too late , what was coming . 
 suddenly the darkness of sleep was n't soothing , it was terrifying . 
 and every time i did manage to drift a little , i always woke in a cold sweat , just minutes later , a montage of terrifying images playing through my head . 
 i hated that sense of powerlessness . 
 i was the one in charge of my mind , dammit . 
 the experience had been horrifying , but now it was over . 
 there was no reason to let it affect me anymore . 
 but logic did n't seem to be relevant . 
 this was beyond rationality . 
 something had broken inside me . 
 the third or fourth time i woke , it was with a sob . 
 moonlight cast the room as a series of jagged silhouettes , and despite knowing i was somewhere safe , the unfamiliarity of my surroundings sent something sharp skittering through my chest . 
 suddenly , it felt like everything was closing in around me . 
 i let out another cry and burrowed deeper under the covers , feeling fresh tears welling in my eyes . 
 i did n't want to be this person , this person who cried at shadows , but i did n't know how to deal with the emotions that were roaring up inside me . 
 i felt another bolt of fear as i heard the door open , but in a moment there was a familiar weight on the bed , and then sebastian 's arms were circling my body from behind . 
 `` it 's okay , '' he said , his voice soft . 
 `` let it out . '' 
 i have no idea how he knew i was in distress , but in spite of everything that was still unresolved between us , i loved that he 'd come . 
 the sheer strength of his presence dwarfed everything else , dulling the fear . 
 he was my rock and i clung on for dear life , lest i slip back below the surface again . 
 he did n't say anything else and so neither did i , but just the act of being together was enough . 
 i lay there , listening to the sound of his breathing , enjoying the sensation of that solid chest rising and falling against my back . 
 gradually , my turmoil began to dissipate . 
 i had no idea how he had such a calming effect on me . 
 when we were together , nothing else seemed to matter . 
 he felt like home , and for just that night , i pretended like he still was . 
 chapter three sebastian i had n't expected sophia to sleep at all , not after what she 'd been through . 
 trauma like that can break a person . 
 but somehow she 'd drifted off . 
 i had no idea where she found the strength to be that tough . 
 she never ceased to amaze me . 
 for a while i lay there , trying to get some rest myself , but the events of the last two days had thrown my whole world into chaos . 
 it was all happening again . 
 the fact that i 'd averted the worst did n't make the situation any better . 
 i was an asshole . 
 i should never have let it get to this point , but i was weak , and it had nearly cost the woman i love her life . 
 how the hell could i sleep , knowing that ? 
 to make matters worse , even now i could n't stay away . 
 she was as secure here as anywhere , but the moment she 'd left my sight i began to feel agitated . 
 i still had n't managed to shed the mindless terror that had seized me when i first heard she 'd been taken . 
 the urge to go to her , to simply hold her and never let go , had been almost overpowering . 
 i 'd tried to distract myself . 
 there was certainly no shortage of work to be done - most of my colleagues were holed up together in the board room , planning well into the night - but i was useless there . 
 my mind only wanted to focus on one thing , and soon i found myself sitting , propped up against the wall outside her room , nursing several fingers of scotch in a heavy crystal tumbler . 
 i did n't know why , but just being close to her helped . 
 i made myself vow not to enter . 
 it had taken an immense level of control to cut her off the first time , and every moment in her presence stretched my willpower just a little more . 
 i would keep her safe and solve all this , and then when it was all over , i 'd let her go again . 
 it was the only way . 
 but the moment i heard her sobbing through the door , all sense of self-control fled . 
 before i knew it , i was on my feet and in her bed . 
 i expected her to fight , after all , i had to be the last person she wanted to see , but she did n't . 
 instead she just burrowed into me without a word . 
 i hated how perfect that felt , the way her body fit like a missing puzzle piece against mine . 
 i still did n't understand how such simple contact could make me so content , but it did . 
 and now she slept . 
 i could n't help but run my eyes over her again . 
 truth be told , i 'd barely been able to stop staring since the moment i entered the room . 
 she looked so fucking beautiful lying there , her face utterly peaceful , her curves perfectly accentuated by the thin cotton sheet . 
 she 'd taken the t-shirt i left her , but not the pants , and now in the throes of sleep she 'd managed to knock part of the cover free , exposing one delicate hip . 
 it was a tiny thing , the barest hint of pale skin and black cloth , but the sight took my breath away nonetheless . 
 i felt impossibly low , ogling her after everything i 'd put her through , but i was powerless to do anything else . 
 her body was like a drug , a burning rush through my system that was impossible to ignore . 
 i knew how that hip would feel , if only i 'd reach out and touch it . 
 i had every inch of her body charted in my head ; so perfectly soft , so perfectly feminine . 
 fuck . 
 i had to pull myself together . 
 ripping my gaze free , i eased my arm out from under her . 
 i 'd done what i came to do . 
 she was resting . 
 there was no reason for me to stay . 
 she stirred briefly , and i came within a hair 's breadth of pulling her back against me once more , but after a few moments she settled . 
 taking one last look , i moved quietly out into the corridor and resumed my watch . 
 i 'd be there if she needed me , but anything beyond that was too hard . 
 there was no happy ending here , and letting myself think otherwise would only destroy me more . 
 * * * * * i spent the entire night in that hallway . 
 after a few hours my back was killing me , but i refused to move until the sun rose . 
 it was stupid - there were many men much more dangerous than i , stationed around the complex - but i felt compelled to guard her personally , just that once , like that could somehow make up for my earlier failure . 
 at around seven , i heard her stirring . 
 not wanting her to know about my vigil , i slipped downstairs and headed for the kitchen . 
 i 'd sent enough mixed messages for one night . 
 i had no idea what the day would bring . 
 ever since i 'd heard about her kidnapping , i 'd been operating purely on instinct . 
 a kind of base fury that blotted out everything else . 
 but now that i had her , i had to face the reality of the situation . 
 now the fallout would begin . 
 she came downstairs while i was eating breakfast . 
 she looked impossibly angelic ; eyes bright , hair tussled . 
 god , no wonder i was in trouble where she was concerned . 
 even first thing in the morning , frightened and bruised , she was utterly gorgeous , and every time i saw her , it was like seeing her again for the first time . 
 she shot me a small smile , but it was cautious , deflated . 
 i did n't blame her . 
 `` hey , '' she said . 
 `` hey , '' i replied . 
 `` sleep okay ? '' 
 she nodded , apparently unsure if she should say anything about my visit . 
 `` eventually , yeah . 
 i 'm starving now though . '' 
 `` i expected you might be . 
 there 's toast or cereal . 
 i 'm sorry it 's not scrambled eggs , but we 're a little unprepared here . '' 
 she blinked a few times , her expression unreadable . 
 i do n't know why i made reference to that morning . 
 it felt like a lifetime ago . 
 `` that 'll be fine , '' she said , and set about making herself something . 
 a minute later , she joined me at the table . 
 we ate in silence for a while , but i knew that was temporary . 
 she had that glint in her eye again , and the curious little curve of her mouth that i 'd seen so many times before . 
 it was the first thing i 'd noticed , months ago , when she snuck into our party . 
 i 'd known that curiosity was dangerous , but somehow when i opened my mouth to send security after her , i found myself dismissing them instead . 
 the worst part was that , even now , i could n't make myself regret it . 
 `` so , '' she said , after a few minutes . 
 `` what happens now ? '' 
 i grimaced . 
 i did n't know what to tell her . 
 all of this was unprecedented . 
 her very presence here went against every rule in the book . 
 `` now , we try to find who did this . '' 
 she nodded slowly . 
 `` and what about me ? '' 
 `` you 'll stay here until it 's safe for you to go home . '' 
 she stared for several seconds . 
 `` and that 's it ? '' 
 i shrugged and nodded . 
 `` you 're still not going to give me any kind of explanation ? '' 
 i knew it was pointless , but i tried to fend her off nonetheless . 
 `` like i told you before , sophia , these secrets , this life , it is n't mine to share . 
 nothing about that has changed since i wrote that letter . '' 
 her jaw tightened . 
 `` nothing has changed ? 
 are you kidding me ? 
 i just got kidnapped , sebastian . 
 kidnapped ! 
 if that does n't change things , i do n't know what does . '' 
 i did n't know how to reply . 
 she was right . 
 of course she was right . 
 but that did n't give me license to break two millennia of tradition . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said , but even i knew it sounded weak . 
 `` that 's not good enough . 
 it was one thing to keep me in the dark when it was just our relationship on the line , but it 's more than that now . 
 this is my life , for christ 's sake . 
 i did n't ask for this , but like it or not , i 'm here now . 
 i deserve to know what the hell i 'm involved in . '' 
 i stared into my coffee . 
 there were no right choices . 
 if i told her , i 'd be betraying my brothers . 
 but if i did n't , i 'd be betraying her . 
 she was n't going to take that lying down either . 
 if i did n't give her answers , she 'd try to find them on her own . 
 and who could blame her ? 
 if i were in her position , i 'd want to know . 
 but if she started digging , it would only make things worse . 
 `` this is n't a secret like other secrets , sophia , '' i said , feeling impossibly heavy in the chest . 
 my heart and my brain continued to wage war inside me , but i think the battle was already decided . 
 i wanted her to understand why i 'd made the decisions i 'd made , why i 'd caused her such pain . 
 `` this is n't the kind of thing you promise to keep to yourself , then get drunk and spill to your friends . '' 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` i kind of figured that when it caused a couple of men to break into my house and drug me . 
 i get it , this is serious business . '' 
 i exhaled slowly and glanced towards the door , realising exactly how dangerous this was . 
 most people were still asleep , but all it would take would be one early riser to overhear , and both of sophia and i would wind up in the firing line . 
 the severity of everything else that was going on here had allowed me a little leniency with the rules , but that would only extend so far . 
 sharing our secrets was one of the most serious breaches possible . 
 i got up and checked the corridor , then shut the door . 
 `` you ca n't let the others know i told you . 
 i mean that . 
 they 're not stupid . 
 they must already realise you know more than you should , but there 's a difference between suspicion and confirmation . 
 if they even catch a hint of this discussion , they 'll have grounds to take the matter further , and at that point i doubt i 'll be able to protect us . '' 
 her breathing quickened a little , and for a few seconds i could see her wrestling with herself , but eventually she gave a quick nod . 
 `` i understand . '' 
 i could n't help but smile . 
 told that this information could get her killed , she barely blinked . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 i felt a little like i was about to jump out of a plane . 
 `` i 'm ... part of something , '' i said . 
 `` something very old and very big . 
 we 're called the alpha group . '' 
 `` that 's what the ` a ' stands for ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she nodded to herself . 
 `` okay . 
 so what is it ? '' 
 `` it 's tough to describe . 
 the best phrase would probably be a secret society , but thanks to dan brown , that now conjures up images of religious cults and portals to other worlds . 
 the truth of it is a little subtler than that . '' 
 `` a secret society ? '' 
 she said , enunciating each word carefully . 
 she did n't look surprised , in fact she seemed incredibly calm . 
 `` like the freemasons ? '' 
 `` kind of , but not really . 
 these days , they 're more of a social club than anything else . 
 it 's difficult to be a secret when everyone knows you exist . '' 
 her eyes were focused intently on me , quietly processing every word i said . 
 `` so , what do you do that 's so different ? '' 
 i gave a wry smile . 
 `` that 's not easy to summarise . 
 we have our fingers in a lot of pies . 
 in a nutshell , we try to steer things in specific directions . '' 
 `` what sort of things ? '' 
 `` whatever we think is important , '' i replied . 
 `` you have to understand , this is n't some two-bit little operation , sophia . 
 what you 've seen here is the tiniest fraction of the group as a whole . 
 we have people all over the world . 
 government , finance , entertainment , you name it . 
 each member is carefully selected for the influence they bring to the table and , through that network , we can pull whatever strings we want . '' 
 she closed her eyes briefly , pinching the bridge of her nose between two fingers . 
 `` i 'm not sure i understand . 
 i mean , i knew you had to be involved in something big , but this is some conspiracy theory stuff you 're claiming . '' 
 she shook her head slowly . 
 `` so , what , are we talking like rigging elections and starting wars ? '' 
 i licked my lips . 
 `` those are pretty extreme examples . 
 we tend to be a little more low key than that . 
 i 'd rather not go into the specifics - i 'm breaking enough rules as it is - but everything we do has a larger purpose . '' 
 `` and who decides on the larger purpose ? '' 
 she asked , a hint of disapproval in her voice . 
 `` if what you 're saying is true , are n't you basically just a group of people who conspire to use your connections to do whatever the hell you want ? '' 
 `` it 's a little more complicated than that . 
 you 're judging us without knowing anything about us . '' 
 `` so explain it , because it seems to me that a group like this is basically corrupt by definition . 
 no wonder you and your friends are richer than sin . '' 
 i sighed . 
 it was almost impossible to make her understand in the space of a single conversation . 
 people were normally brought in slowly , over a matter of months . 
 it had taken me nearly a quarter of a year to fully wrap my head around it all . 
 `` it 's not like that . 
 most people in the group are recruited because of their wealth and power , not the other way around . 
 the group is fundamentally about doing good . '' 
 `` in what way ? '' 
 apparently i was going to have to give more details . 
 i wracked my brains for an example that would get through to her . 
 `` remember the town i told you i grew up in ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` well i made that my first project when i joined , before i came to australia . 
 the group worked wonders over there . 
 we got the government to pave actual roads , had them install better water filtration , even got the town on the electricity grid . 
 it 's still dirt poor , but the people there actually have a chance now . 
 our work is n't all that overtly philanthropic of course , do n't think i 'm sugar coating it , but our overall goal is to fix glaring inequalities , to protect people who ca n't protect themselves . '' 
 `` but those sorts of responsibilities belong to the government . 
 you know , the people we actually choose to run things . '' 
 `` come on , sophia . 
 someone as smart as you ca n't really believe in the effectiveness of the government when it comes to protecting the individual . 
 there 's as much corruption there as anywhere in the world . 
 look at the gfc . 
 millions of people were financially ruined , and yet nothing came of it . 
 nobody has really been punished , no changes have been put in place . 
 and that 's just the tiniest tip of the iceberg . '' 
 she pondered this . 
 `` okay , that might be true , but if you 're so concerned with the lives of the everyday worker , why did n't you do something about that ? '' 
 i grimaced . 
 `` that 's a sore spot for us , actually . 
 the truth is we just did n't see it early enough . 
 we 're powerful , but we 're not omniscient , and the big banks are particularly hard for us to break into at a high level . 
 the kinds of guys who are happy to swindle people for billions are n't generally the sort of members we want to recruit . '' 
 for a few seconds she sat in silence , her face impassive . 
 `` you know me , '' i continued . 
 `` you know the sort of person i am . 
 is it so hard to believe we might actually have good intentions ? '' 
 her expression softened , although she still seemed somewhat unsure . 
 `` let 's say i believe you , '' she said . 
 `` there 's still a lot of questions unanswered . 
 like how are you not discovered ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` we 're very good at staying under the radar . 
 we 've had a lot of practice . 
 the group is over two thousand years old . '' 
 her eyes widened . 
 `` two thousand ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` this sort of thing does n't just spring up overnight . 
 we started in ancient greece - hence the name - as a way to keep the government in check , and it kind of grew from there . 
 democracy was new then , and there were ... teething problems . 
 when those problems did n't go away with time , we hung around . 
 anyway , with the amount of influence we 've now got , keeping our activities out of the limelight is actually fairly easy , as long as we do n't do anything too bold . '' 
 `` so what about fraiser capital then ? '' 
 `` it 's a real company , '' i replied , `` but it 's also our main front , here in australia . 
 venture capital firms throw money at all kinds of strange projects . 
 having it as a legitimate entity makes financing and directing our operations much easier . '' 
 `` so that party i snuck into ... ? '' 
 `` a meeting for potential new recruits . '' 
 she nodded to herself . 
 `` right . '' 
 she was much calmer now that the initial disbelief had worn off , calmer than i 'd expected . 
 her eyes flicked to mine , and she hesitated . 
 `` so i 'm guessing that a group like this probably has its share of enemies , '' she said slowly . 
 i could see where she was going with this , connecting the dots . 
 `` we do . '' 
 `` enemies that might do things like kidnap your members ' girlfriends ? '' 
 my shoulders slumped . 
 `` it 's possible . '' 
 instinctively i reached out to clasp her hand , but managed to stop myself . 
 no more mixed messages . 
 `` believe me , i 've been wracking my brains trying to work out why this happened . 
 i have no idea what anyone would hope to gain from taking you . '' 
 `` is there anyone out there that might want to hurt you personally ? '' 
 she asked . 
 it was n't like i had n't been through that a thousand times too , both now and when liv was killed , but i always came up empty . 
 `` not that i can think of . '' 
 she pondered for a few more seconds . 
 `` what about whatever 's going on here then ? 
 the other disappearances . 
 is there a connection there ? '' 
 i closed my eyes briefly , feeling a fresh surge of anger . 
 with everything that had happened to sophia , it was easy to forget that there was more at stake than that . 
 `` maybe . 
 those situations were a little different , '' i replied , struggling to keep my voice level . 
 `` they were n't disappearances . 
 they were murders . '' 
 her hand flew to her mouth . 
 `` oh god , '' she said , and this time she was the one that reached for me . 
 that simple contact felt wonderful and , although i knew i should , i did n't pull away . 
 `` the first one happened a few days ago . 
 charlie did n't show up for an appointment . 
 we did n't think too much of it , until the next day , when someone went to his house and discovered his body . '' 
 `` jesus , '' sophia replied . 
 `` we were still trying to figure it out , but then yesterday , the same thing happened with simon . 
 at that point we knew we were under attack , so we followed protocol and gathered our senior members here . '' 
 it felt strange to be saying this stuff out loud . 
 it made it seem more real . 
 i 'd known charlie and simon for the better part of ten years . 
 they were my friends , and although saving sophia had briefly blotted out everything else , i felt their loss as keenly as anyone . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said . 
 i nodded in thanks . 
 `` perhaps there 's a connection there , '' i said . 
 `` perhaps it was the same people and we just got to you before ... '' i could n't finish the sentence . 
 `` anyway , we 're using every available resource to work out who is responsible . 
 and i swear to you , i wo n't stop until you 're safe and you can leave all of this behind . '' 
 she stared at me for what felt like an eternity , her jaw set tightly , her eyes flickering with some emotion i could n't identify . 
 eventually , i heard the sound of a door closing upstairs . 
 people were starting to wake up . 
 realising she still held my hand in hers , i reluctantly pulled away and got to my feet . 
 `` i have to go . 
 there will be a meeting soon and i have to prepare . 
 just try to lie low , okay ? 
 i 'll check in with you later . '' 
 she gave the barest hint of a nod . 
 i felt better , having told her the truth . 
 now she understood . 
 it did n't make up for the pain i 'd caused , but it was something . 
 on my way back to my room , i ran into trey , who was just coming in through the front door . 
 `` just the man i wanted to see , '' he said . 
 he was n't part of our senior council , so he was n't staying in the house . 
 he was out on the street , working leads and keeping the rest of alpha 's ventures running smoothly . 
 `` oh yeah ? 
 what 's up ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he handed me a file he was carrying . 
 `` just got these back from our team . 
 none of those guys that took sophia came back with any kind of match . 
 whoever they were , the computers of the world do not know them . '' 
 i let out a long sigh . 
 everything we 'd run so far on sophia 's kidnappers had come back negative . 
 nobody should have been that hard to track . 
 we had access to every database that mattered . 
 `` thanks , '' i said to him . 
 `` keep at it . 
 something has to give eventually . '' 
 `` will do . '' 
 he hesitated , like he was afraid to ask what came next . 
 `` how 's sophia doing ? '' 
 i gave a weary shrug . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it 's hard to tell . 
 i think she might still be in shock , to be honest . '' 
 `` yeah , i can imagine all of this is pretty difficult for a civilian to process . '' 
 `` that 's one way to put it , '' i said heavily . 
 i had no idea how she was going to react to everything i 'd just told her once she had some time to digest it . 
 it could go a thousand different ways . 
 `` anyway , i should go . 
 meeting in a few minutes . '' 
 `` no worries . '' 
 i turned to go , but then a thought occurred to me . 
 `` how do you do it , trey ? '' 
 he cocked his head to one side . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 `` keep your private life and your professional life separate ? '' 
 a few years ago , trey had been just like me . 
 one empty fling after another . 
 but then he 'd had his own sophia moment . 
 he 'd met a girl who made him give all that up , but unlike me , he managed to keep her in the dark . 
 i did n't think i 'd even met her . 
 he kept her totally separate from anything group related . 
 i always wondered how he pulled that off . 
 he flashed me a half smile . 
 `` i just have a girl who understands me , i guess . '' 
 he made it sound so damn easy . 
 chapter four sebastian i 'd always known there were protocols in place for if a situation ever got really bad , but i 'd never experienced them first hand until now . 
 all of our key personnel were currently gathered here in lock down . 
 it was part strategy meeting , part protection detail . 
 we could n't afford to leave ourselves exposed , not when we were completely on the back foot . 
 whoever was behind the attacks was clearly well connected . 
 so far , they 'd been like ghosts . 
 after a quick shower , i headed to the back of the house . 
 we 'd set up a makeshift board room in the study , and the bulk of the inner council was already there when i arrived . 
 thomas , and one or two others , nodded greetings , but the rest either ignored me or scowled pointedly before turning away . 
 i had n't done myself any favours rescuing sophia the way i had . 
 it went against several key group rules , and a good chunk of the room was n't in a hurry to let me forget it . 
 if the situation had been any less dire , i 'd probably have faced disciplinary action ; but , for now , they had to settle for dirty looks and snide comments . 
 we had bigger things on our plate . 
 `` how you holding up ? '' 
 asked thomas , coming over to join me . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` how do you think ? '' 
 i tried to keep the frustration from my voice , but i did n't do a very good job . 
 he studied me for several seconds . 
 `` you got her out , man . 
 that 's what matters . '' 
 `` is it ? 
 then why do i still feel like shit ? '' 
 `` hey , i do n't blame you . 
 i 'd be angry too . 
 but try to go a little easier on yourself . 
 you could n't have known . '' 
 i felt my hands contract into fists . 
 `` of course i could have . 
 you know , i really thought i was smart enough not to put anyone else in this position again , but apparently i 'm a slower learner than i thought . '' 
 he flinched a little at my tone , but his voice remained calm . 
 `` i thought we were past this . 
 you know as well as i do that the situations are completely different . 
 what happened to liv was a tragedy , but there 's nothing tying it to any of this . 
 it was a freak accident , that 's all . 
 you have to let it go . 
 stop blaming yourself . '' 
 i gave a bitter little laugh . 
 it was n't like i had n't tried . 
 objectively , i knew he was right . 
 our investigation had never found anything to indicate that liv 's death was more than a standard break and enter gone wrong . 
 but no matter how much evidence there was to the contrary , the heavy sensation i 'd carried in my stomach since that day refused to dissipate . 
 from the moment liv and i became something more than a casual fling , part of me had felt uneasy about it . 
 there 's no hard and fast rules about relationships within the group . 
 as long as our secrets remain hidden , you 're allowed to do whatever you want . 
 most alpha members simply choose to forgo that kind of companionship to make their lives easier , and i 'd been firmly in that camp . 
 then i met her . 
 liv had a vibrancy to her that was completely infectious . 
 i 'd never known anyone like her . 
 she was passionate and energetic , and she seemed to genuinely care about me for more than just my money . 
 in retrospect , i could recognise more than a little youthful infatuation in our relationship , but at the time it felt like something deeper . 
 a little voice in the back of my head constantly told me that i was leading her down a dangerous road , but i was too selfish to stop . 
 i do n't know why i was surprised when it blew up in my face . 
 even if her death was an accident , i still broke her heart , and i hated myself for that . 
 i swore i 'd never be responsible for that sort of pain again . 
 but now there was sophia . 
 if my attraction to liv was the firm pull of a magnet , my attraction to sophia was like gravity ; unyielding and inescapable . 
 something about her just rendered me utterly powerless . 
 from the moment i met her , i felt like i was trapped in a whirlpool , swimming in vain against the current as it gradually sucked me down . 
 it scared me . 
 it felt like only a matter of time before it drowned us both . 
 `` either way , '' i said , `` i still put sophia in danger . 
 you 're not going to try and absolve me of that one too are you ? '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` just because you 're involved does n't make it your fault . '' 
 i wished i could believe that . 
 he was just being a good friend , but no amount of support could fix this . 
 i gazed around at the roomful of men i 'd given my life to . 
 from the moment i joined the group , they 'd been the world to me . 
 even when i was with liv , i 'd never considered a different path . 
 `` do you ever regret all this ? '' 
 i asked , my tone softening . 
 `` because i have to say , right now , for the first time , i 'm actually starting to doubt my choice . '' 
 he flashed a sympathetic smile . 
 `` i think we 've all felt like that , at one time or another . 
 this is n't an easy road , by any means . 
 but you know how important it is . '' 
 i nodded , though it was more for him than me . 
 truth be told , i was n't sure i knew what was important anymore . 
 nothing made sense now . 
 a few minutes later , everyone had arrived . 
 we took our seats . 
 `` so , '' said ewan , `` give me some good news . '' 
 although he was n't in charge in any real sense , as the longest serving member , he ran the meetings . 
 he was also the most visibly upset person in the room . 
 sunken eyes spoke of sleepless nights , and his hands roved restlessly across the table , as if just staying in motion might somehow speed things up . 
 the two men we 'd lost , simon and charlie , had been close friends of his . 
 marcus , the youngest member of the group , grimaced . 
 he was our point of contact for the investigation . 
 `` we do n't know much more than yesterday , unfortunately . 
 our guys went over every inch of simon 's house , but it was the same as charlie 's . 
 no signs of forced entry , security footage wiped . 
 whoever it was did one hell of a job . '' 
 `` what about the autopsy ? '' 
 asked thomas . 
 `` still coming , '' replied marcus . 
 he glanced at ewan . 
 `` he did n't go gently , though , i can tell you that much . '' 
 ewan slammed his fist down on the table . 
 `` i 'll make sure you do n't go gently , you little shit . '' 
 `` i do n't mean to be disrespectful , '' replied marcus , looking a little pale . 
 `` but it 's important . 
 this was n't just about taking them out . 
 someone went to a lot of effort working them over , which means that , chances are , they wanted to know something . '' 
 `` were the two of them working on any projects together ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` anything tying them together ? '' 
 but before marcus could reply , ewan cut in . 
 `` well , look who has decided to rejoin us , '' he said , making a big show of looking surprised to see me . 
 `` does that mean you 're ready to focus on what 's important again ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry about my absence last night , '' i replied , trying to remain calm . 
 `` i had other things on my mind . '' 
 he was right to be angry , and if i 'd been in his position , i 'd have reacted the same way . 
 i had an obligation to these men , an obligation that could n't just be cast aside on a whim . 
 but the suggestion that anything was more important than finding sophia made everything inside me tense . 
 `` that 's exactly my fucking point , '' the older man replied . 
 `` we 've got a major crisis going on , and your head is n't in the game . 
 it 's busy burying itself between a pretty pair of thighs . '' 
 thomas ' hand flew out , firmly holding me in my chair . 
 he knew me well . 
 rage poured through me . 
 `` if you keep talking like that , '' i said , my voice sharp enough to cut glass , `` the group will be down another member before too long . '' 
 `` is that right ? '' 
 ewan asked . 
 he did n't look even slightly perturbed . 
 `` you 'd put her before one of your own ? 
 you 're even further gone than i thought . '' 
 guilt and anger seethed in my stomach . 
 ewan and i had never gotten along , and i knew most of his aggression was just frustration at the loss of his friends , but there was a tiny part of me that thought he might be right . 
 perhaps my priorities really had changed . 
 `` why do you care so much what i do ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` you flatter yourself . 
 honestly , sebastian , i do n't give two shits what you do . 
 but what i do care about is you using alpha resources to rescue your girlfriend when they could be out there finding the bastards that did simon and charlie in . '' 
 i opened my mouth , unsure exactly what i was going to say , but thomas jumped in ahead of me . 
 `` you still do n't think there 's a connection there , ewan ? 
 the people that took sophia were organised , efficient , and clearly backed by some serious money . 
 exactly the sort of operation that might have been able to take out our guys . '' 
 ewan shifted uncomfortably in his chair . 
 `` that does n't prove anything . '' 
 `` that 's true , '' thomas said , `` but it is a pretty big coincidence , and i , personally , do n't care much for coincidences . 
 in any case , we have very little idea what 's going on here yet . 
 let 's not lose our heads until we know more . '' 
 ewan seethed in his chair for a few moments . 
 `` maybe you 're right . 
 maybe . 
 but you want to hear what i know already ? 
 i know that the group is under attack , and yet there 's a civilian girl walking around in our headquarters , seeing everything , overhearing god knows what . '' 
 he turned his gaze to me and raised his eyebrows ever so slightly , as if to say , ` or being told god knows what . ' 
 `` where do you want her to go ? '' 
 i asked , desperation creeping into my voice . 
 `` you know the kinds of people we deal with . 
 sending her back out there may well be a death sentence . '' 
 for a moment , i thought i 'd gotten through , but then ewan 's expression hardened further . 
 `` i do n't know , but she does n't belong here . '' 
 `` for now , i say she does , '' thomas said . 
 `` at least until we know what we 're up against . 
 someone wants her , and if it is the same people who did that to simon and charlie , then it 's in our best interests to deny them what they want , would n't you say ? '' 
 ewan glared around the table . 
 several others seemed to share his disapproval , but nobody could come up with a counter . 
 it was hard to argue in the face of sound logic . 
 i shot thomas an appreciative smile . 
 `` i 'll make sure she stays out of everyone 's hair , '' i said to ewan . 
 he nodded curtly , and the meeting turned to other matters . 
 despite my best intentions , however , i could n't focus . 
 all i could think about were ewan 's words . 
 in truth , he was right . 
 bringing her here had been a mistake . 
 even if i 'd told her nothing , her curiosity would eventually have gotten the best of her . 
 the moment she 'd walked through those doors , everything had changed . 
 but all other paths led to the unthinkable . 
 i did n't know what other option i 'd had . 
 it was a no win scenario . 
 * * * * * i spent the rest of the day alone in my room , trying a few more abstract methods to identify sophia 's kidnappers , but the truth was , it was mostly a waiting game at this point . 
 all the information we had was already out there . 
 we were just waiting for someone to get back to us with something positive . 
 it was incredibly frustrating . 
 we had all the power in the world at our fingertips , and we were still coming up empty . 
 at about five in the evening , there was a knock at my door . 
 `` you got a minute ? '' 
 asked marcus , poking his head inside . 
 it had ruffled a few feathers that we had promoted him to the council so quickly , but despite being relatively young , he was a really promising member ; the perfect combination of smart and level-headed . 
 `` sure , what 's up ? '' 
 i said . 
 he stepped inside and closed the door behind him . 
 `` well , i just got something back from the lab , and i thought you should be the first to know . '' 
 i felt a tingle of excitement . 
 maybe we 'd finally caught our break . 
 `` tell me you 've got a name for me , '' i said . 
 he licked his lips nervously . 
 `` not exactly . 
 our guys are still trying to run down who exactly owns that house you raided . 
 whoever it is laid one hell of a paper trail . 
 what we did get was a match on some blood we found in one of the rooms there . '' 
 he hesitated ever so slightly . 
 `` it belonged to simon . '' 
 i sank back slowly into my chair . 
 thomas had been right , the two situations were linked . 
 i was n't surprised - the coincidence was difficult to ignore - but knowing for sure only made our predicament more confusing . 
 why would anyone go to pains to kill two of my brothers , but then take sophia instead of me ? 
 all i could think of was that they wanted leverage over me somehow , but i could n't imagine what for . 
 it was baffling . 
 `` i appreciate you telling me first , '' i said . 
 `` no problem . 
 the others called a pre-dinner meeting , but i kind of figured you might not show . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` yeah , i might sit this one out . 
 you 've given me a lot to think about . '' 
 as much as i wanted to be there to see ewan 's face when the connection was confirmed , i did n't particularly feel like wading back into that minefield just yet . 
 `` no worries . 
 i 'll keep you posted . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i sat for a while after he left , pondering the new discovery . 
 as frightening as the situation was , in some ways that connection was a good thing . 
 whatever our enemies were planning , sophia was obviously a part of it , and so rescuing her had likely thrown a spanner in the works . 
 and since we now had just a single target , i could feel comfortable directing the full brunt of alpha 's resources at the problem . 
 it was little progress , but i knew sophia would want to hear about it anyway . 
 i found her in her room , curled up on the bed , nursing a cup of tea and staring at the wall . 
 `` hey , '' she said , as i entered . 
 `` hi . '' 
 our conversations were uncomfortable now , like the lies and secrets had piled up to form an invisible barrier in the air between us . 
 it was what i wanted , it was what we needed , but it still hurt like hell . 
 `` how are you holding up ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` as well as can be expected , i guess . 
 there 's not much to do around here . '' 
 she held up her mug and gave it a little shake . 
 `` although this tea addiction i 'm developing looks promising . 
 this is my fifth cup today . '' 
 `` that stuff will kill you , '' i said , managing a small smile . 
 she returned it , and something loosened in my chest . 
 `` so they tell me . 
 anyway , how 's the big investigation ? 
 assassinate any presidents today ? '' 
 `` not that i know of , although that 's not my department , '' i replied . 
 i was glad she was still able to find humour in the situation . 
 maybe she was n't quite as damaged by it all as i 'd feared . 
 `` i did get one small piece of info , though . '' 
 she gazed at me expectantly . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` they found a few bloodstains in that house you were being held in . 
 our lab just matched it with simon , one of my brothers who was killed . '' 
 her expression grew tense once more . 
 `` i see . 
 i guess the connection makes sense . 
 does that help you find out who 's behind it ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` we 're still coming up empty on that , so far . 
 but now that we know the investigations are linked , we 'll be throwing everything we have at it . '' 
 she nodded , although she did n't look particularly comforted . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` there 's something else i wanted to talk to you about , '' i said , moving over to sit next to her on the bed . 
 `` i know this situation is awful for you , and god knows that being in this place is n't making it any easier . '' 
 `` you mean the friendly scotsman and his band of merry men ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` yeah . 
 i know they 're not the most welcoming lot , so i was thinking , what if you went away for a while ? 
 we have the resources to get you a new passport , a new identity , and obviously money is n't a problem . 
 you could go wherever you wanted , and nobody would be able to track you down . 
 it would be kind of like a holiday . '' 
 part of me hated the idea of sending her anywhere i could n't watch over her , but my argument with ewan had got me thinking about alternatives . 
 her presence here was certainly problematic , and it was n't going to get any easier . 
 in fact with everyone on such short fuses , it felt almost inevitable that something would explode eventually . 
 this was n't a world she belonged in , and taking a trip was the only way i could think of to extricate her while still keeping her safe . 
 `` and how long would i be gone , exactly ? '' 
 she asked , her expression unreadable . 
 `` you know i ca n't give you an exact time frame , sophia . '' 
 i thought she was going to blow up at me , but when she spoke , her tone was calm . 
 `` i appreciate the offer , but i have a life here , sebastian . 
 the idea of dropping everything and disappearing with no return date in mind does n't sit well with me . '' 
 i closed my eyes , feeling a huge stab of guilt . 
 whether or not she went , her life was on hold . 
 she could hardly wander back home in a few weeks if our enemies were still out there . 
 `` just think about it , okay ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` okay . '' 
 she continued to stare at me . 
 there was a sadness to her expression , but also a glimmer of something else , something questioning . 
 i realised then how closely we were sitting . 
 there was barely a foot separating us . 
 her smell - orange blossom and vanilla - suddenly seemed to be everywhere . 
 all i had to do was lean in and my mouth would be on hers . 
 i could already visualise how she 'd taste , how she 'd tremble , how her tongue would feel curled around my own . 
 i knew i should leave , but my muscles refused to obey . 
 all i could do was sit there and drink her in . 
 fuck , i wanted to kiss her . 
 i wanted to grab hold of her and push her down and show her that she was still mine . 
 but , of course , that was n't true . 
 i did n't understand why she had n't sent me away yet . 
 instead she just sat with her eyes locked to mine , her lips hanging ever so slightly open , like an illicit invitation . 
 there was something smoky lurking in her gaze now , something that should n't have been there . 
 it was almost enough . 
 closing my eyes , i sucked in a shuddering breath and got to my feet . 
 `` i have to go . '' 
 she was still for a few seconds , then nodded slowly . 
 for a brief moment , i almost thought she looked disappointed . 
 it did n't make any sense . 
 i fled . 
 i needed to be alone with my thoughts , but as i headed for my room , i ran into the last person i wanted to see . 
 `` sneaking in a quickie while the rest of us are slaving away , hey ? '' 
 said ewan , who was waiting for me around the corner . 
 `` i 'm not in the mood , ewan , '' i said , trying to swerve around him , but he stepped sideways , blocking my path . 
 `` maybe i am , '' he said . 
 i found myself fuming at his school boy antics . 
 `` have you got something you want to say ? '' 
 he chewed thoughtfully for several seconds , as if working an invisible piece of tobacco around his mouth . 
 `` marcus filled us in on what he 'd found . 
 looks like your girl is involved in all this , somehow . '' 
 `` does that mean you 're going to get off my back about it ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` hardly . 
 just because you went and created a weak spot for yourself does n't mean the group should have to clean up after you . 
 having her here is a liability . 
 we do n't know her and we do n't trust her . '' 
 `` i trust her . '' 
 `` do you ? '' 
 he asked , bitter amusement evident in his voice . 
 `` perhaps that 's the problem . '' 
 i took a step closer , feeling something animal flare in my chest . 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 but ewan was not easily intimidated . 
 `` it means that something here does n't add up , '' he said , staring me right in the eyes . 
 `` nobody outside of alpha should even know the council exists . 
 yet a month or two after you start swapping promise rings with ally mcbeal in there , suddenly our guys start dying . '' 
 `` you 're joking , right ? 
 did you forget that they took her too ? '' 
 he gave a little shrug . 
 `` maybe they were just finishing the job . 
 cleaning up loose ends . '' 
 it took every fibre of my being not to knock him to the floor . 
 my hands twitched at my sides , both balled tightly into fists . 
 but i was already walking on thin ice as it was . 
 hitting him would only make things worse . 
 `` this is ridiculous , '' i said . 
 `` maybe . 
 maybe i 'm way off . 
 but either way , there 's no excuse for breaking the rules . '' 
 i stared at him with gritted teeth . 
 there was nothing i could say . 
 he was right and we both knew it . 
 not knowing what else to do , i moved to leave again . 
 this time he did n't try to stop me . 
 he 'd gotten his message across . 
 sophia 's presence here was more than an inconvenience , and it was only a matter of time before she was out on her own . 
 chapter five sophia the second night was a little better than the first , but not much . 
 more than once i woke flushed and sweating , the sharp tang of my latest nightmare still fresh on the back of my tongue . 
 i wondered if this was post-traumatic stress . 
 based on what little i knew , it certainly seemed possible . 
 i 'd never understood how you could n't just block that stuff out , but now i did . 
 part of me expected sebastian to magically appear once more and slip into my bed like a comforting ghost , but the door remained closed . 
 i found myself disappointed about that . 
 it seemed crazy to think about the prospect of ` us ' , in the context of everything that was happening , but no matter how terrified and out of my depth i felt , there was no denying the strength of my feelings for him . 
 not to mention my attraction . 
 the energy that had sprung up between us when he 'd visited earlier had nearly overwhelmed me . 
 he had this way of looking at my body , like he was preparing to devour me , that ignited something deep in my stomach . 
 i wanted to be angry - hell i was angry - but if , at that moment , he 'd kissed me , i was n't sure i 'd have put up a fight . 
 i did n't know whether to be touched or offended at the ` holiday ' he 'd offered . 
 it did feel a little like he was just taking the easy route and trying to sweep me under the rug , but at the same time , everything he said was valid . 
 things were uncomfortable here , and i knew it must be just as bad for him . 
 i appreciated the predicament he was in , even if it was somewhat his fault . 
 i just wished i was n't in it as well . 
 more than once i considered agreeing to go . 
 an all-expenses paid trip overseas was hardly the worst proposition in the world ; but , truth be told , the idea of being out there all alone scared me . 
 my life was here and it was under siege . 
 i could n't just run away while somebody else dealt with that . 
 after several hours of restless turning , i gave up trying to sleep and reached for my phone . 
 sebastian had n't mentioned it , but when i woke up that morning , i found a few of my possessions waiting for me in the hallway outside . 
 apparently he 'd sent someone to my house . 
 it was a good thing too , because there were already several texts from the girls waiting for me . 
 another day or two and they 'd have started to worry . 
 ruth : hey hon ' . 
 hope the wallowing is going well . 
 if you need another pick-me-up , i 'm willing to take one for the team and suffer through a few more midday mojitos . 
 let me know . 
 i 'd read them over and over today , relishing that tiny connection to my old life . 
 it had been less than two days , but somehow that 's what it felt like now : my old life . 
 at a time where everything else was in ruins , it was nice to be reminded i still had someone waiting for me when this was all over . 
 if it ever would be . 
 i 'd already reassured them both i was fine , conjuring up some story about visiting my sister down in melbourne for a little mental recharge , but as i stared at the screen now , i was nearly overcome with the desire to call them and tell them everything . 
 it was a terrible idea , but curled up there , in the unfamiliar dark , surrounded by people i barely knew with agendas i could n't even fathom , i felt so incredibly alone . 
 after staring for a few precarious seconds , my thumb poised over ruth 's number , i shoved the phone back into my bedside drawer and headed out in search of tea . 
 what i really wanted was something a little more numbing - i figured a house like this had to have a wine cellar - but drinking away my problems probably was n't the best option right now . 
 i needed to stay alert . 
 the world seemed to have turned into a much more dangerous place , virtually overnight , and in this dimension of secret societies and covert kidnappings , waking up with a killer hangover might have a different meaning entirely . 
 i had no idea how to process everything sebastian had told me . 
 part of me wanted to laugh it off as an absurd joke , something dug out of a bad eighties espionage film , but taking into account everything that i 'd seen , i believed it . 
 i did n't know what it all meant yet , but i planned on remedying that situation . 
 as unbelievable as it was , i was a part of this , now . 
 i could either sit , awestruck on the sidelines , or i could try and work out exactly what the hell i 'd gotten myself into . 
 the house was silent as i made my way to the kitchen . 
 it was n't until i put the kettle on and began hunting for a cup that i realised i was n't the only person awake . 
 `` ca n't sleep ? '' 
 said a voice behind me . 
 i nearly jumped out of my skin . 
 turning , i saw a familiar figure , cast in shadow , nursing a mug of his own at the breakfast table . 
 `` jesus , joe . 
 you scared the hell out of me . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` my apologies , '' he said , although he did n't sound particularly sorry . 
 `` feel like some company ? '' 
 it seemed harmless enough . 
 i was n't exactly going to drift off anytime soon . 
 i filled my cup and moved over to join him . 
 `` i take it you know what happened ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he nodded . 
 `` i was there when sebastian got the news . '' 
 `` then you know why i ca n't sleep . '' 
 he nodded again . 
 `` i do n't blame you . 
 i do n't think anyone would rest easy after a thing like that . '' 
 i appreciated that he did n't offer any advice . 
 just understanding . 
 we sat in silence for a few minutes . 
 despite the lack of conversation , i was enjoying the company . 
 he might not have been sebastian , but his presence seemed to hold back the darkness a little nonetheless . 
 eventually though , he spoke . 
 `` he told you . '' 
 it was n't a question . 
 fear seized my belly . 
 i turned my gaze to him slowly . 
 he did n't look angry , in fact a ghost of a smile touched his lips , but i knew what he meant nonetheless . 
 it had n't occurred to me that joe might be an alpha member . 
 he just seemed like hired help . 
 but clearly there was more to him than that . 
 i debated denying it , but the certainty in his eyes said there was no point . 
 he knew . 
 the question was , what would he do with that knowledge ? 
 i let out a long sigh . 
 `` he did . '' 
 joe chewed his lip thoughtfully . 
 `` well then . '' 
 `` you do n't sound surprised . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` everyone likes to think they can keep their mouth shut when necessary , but the truth is , every man has his breaking point . 
 the way he talks about you , the only thing that surprises me is that it took this long . '' 
 the way he talks about you . 
 my mind instantly went back to sebastian 's letter , to all those heartbreakingly sweet things he 'd said . 
 and then to that look he 'd worn when he first pushed his way inside my prison , the rapture that had lit his face when his eyes found mine . 
 i was n't the only one struggling to switch off my feelings . 
 you always hear stories about the purity of love , about the way it swells inside you until nothing else even matters . 
 i never cared much for that perspective before - that kind of love typically is n't compatible with the sort of future i saw for myself - but now i found myself longing for it to be that simple . 
 every decision had turned into a conflict , a titanic battle between heart and brain , between logic and emotion . 
 i could n't deny my feelings for him , but whenever they rose inside me , they brought with them anger and betrayal . 
 i knew it was n't intentional , but he 'd exposed me to this world , a world that was currently trying to chew me up and spit me out again . 
 it was hard to forgive that , with the terror of my kidnapping still blanketing everything like a thick fog . 
 and even if i could get past it , there were other elements to the equation . 
 was he still the same man i 'd fallen for ? 
 in light of everything he 'd told me this morning , i did n't know . 
 it was almost easier to just write him and his friends off as corrupt , power hungry monsters ; but , try as i might , i could n't see him being a part of something like that . 
 not to mention guys like thomas , or apparently joe . 
 if sebastian said their intentions were noble , then i believed him . 
 `` this is a mess , '' i said , after a pause , not sure if i was referring to my relationship with sebastian or the forbidden knowledge he 'd shared . 
 joe let out a laugh . 
 `` that it is , girl . 
 that it is . '' 
 `` so you 're a member too then ? '' 
 i asked , stalling for time . 
 i was n't sure where the conversation was going exactly , but he 'd obviously brought it up for a reason . 
 something in my gut told me i could trust him , but sebastian 's warning loomed large in my mind nonetheless . 
 `` indeed . '' 
 `` well , i do n't mean any disrespect , but is n't it a little demeaning having you drive another member around ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` it 's not so bad . 
 i give him hell , but sebastian 's a better sort than most . 
 besides , it 's not like i always did this . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` alpha 's not exactly in the business of recruiting chauffeurs . 
 not much to be gained by that . 
 no , before this i served thirty years in the british army . '' 
 i nodded . 
 that explained the war wound he 'd mentioned the first day we met . 
 `` in what capacity ? '' 
 `` infantry first , but they quickly shuffled me to the officers ' path instead . '' 
 he leaned in conspiratorially . 
 `` did n't seem to care for all the questions i asked . '' 
 he let out a short laugh . 
 `` nope , there 's not a lot of space for curiosity on the battlefield . 
 i think they figured that if i was going to be doing all that thinking , i might as well be the one answering the questions instead of asking . '' 
 `` i think that 's fair enough , '' i replied . 
 `` that 's actually where i met sebastian . '' 
 `` sebastian was in the army ? '' 
 that revelation reminded me exactly how little i knew about the man who had stolen my heart . 
 `` briefly . '' 
 he gave a rueful shake of his head . 
 `` he was a terrible soldier , just like me . 
 too headstrong , too stubborn . 
 i was his commanding officer , and it got to the point where i was forced to discharge him , but it seemed like such a waste . 
 there was something special about him . 
 i knew he was capable of doing great things , and the characteristics that made him unfit for duty made him perfect for alpha . 
 so i released him from service and nominated him for consideration to join the group . 
 he was accepted , and now here we are . '' 
 `` i see , '' i replied , trying to picture sebastian in mud spattered combat fatigues . 
 it was difficult . 
 the suit and tie seemed almost like his second skin . 
 `` what about you ? 
 why 'd you quit ? '' 
 i continued . 
 `` well , obviously i had more important things to do here , '' he deadpanned , nodding in the direction of the bedrooms . 
 i laughed . 
 `` obviously . '' 
 `` honestly though , i just kind of got tired . 
 you 'd think gaining rank would be a good thing , but by the last decade of my career , i dreaded it . 
 every promotion meant a little more time spent behind a desk , a little more paperwork . 
 there was nothing to look forward to , anymore . '' 
 `` and so your solution was to drive your protegee around , day in and day out ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` it may not seem particularly exciting , but the truth is , there 's rarely a dull moment around here . '' 
 thinking back on everything that had happened in the last few days , i could see his point . 
 if this sort of stuff was a regular occurrence , i was n't sure my heart could keep up . 
 another point against sebastian and i ever having a real relationship . 
 thinking about it gave me a newfound respect for military wives . 
 the prospect of my partner constantly venturing into indescribable danger was daunting , to say the least . 
 i did n't know how they coped . 
 `` is it always like this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` kidnappings and secret lairs ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` sometimes , but not as often as you 'd think . 
 these are pretty dire circumstances . 
 most of the time it 's more like being a politician ; lots of paperwork and meetings . '' 
 `` so sebastian just has impeccable timing then . '' 
 joe stared at me for several seconds . 
 `` do n't be too hard on him , sophia . 
 he did n't mean for any of this to happen . '' 
 i let out a long breath and shook my head slightly . 
 `` i know , but it does n't change the fact that it did . '' 
 `` not to downplay what you 've been through at all , but to be honest , i think he 's dealing with it as badly as you are . 
 like i said , i was there when he got the news . 
 i 've never seen anything like it before . 
 he could barely speak . 
 everyone seemed to take it as anger , but i know him better than most . 
 i knew it for what it really was . 
 fear . 
 `` he wanted to throw everything we had at that house the moment they took you there , but that 's not how the group works . 
 you ca n't just use alpha resources for personal situations , no matter how serious they may be . '' 
 his lips compressed . 
 `` they argued for hours . 
 virtually the whole room was against him . 
 eventually , he realised they were n't going to budge , but rather than back down , he just stormed out and came for you anyway . 
 took an entire squad of our troops . 
 to be honest , i 'm kind of glad nobody physically stepped in to stop him . 
 i have little doubt he 'd have gone by himself , if he had to . 
 `` for now , nobody is doing anything about it . 
 we 've got too much else to worry about . 
 but if i know that group , he has n't heard the last of it . 
 not by a long shot . '' 
 his gaze bored into me . 
 `` i understand that this was hell for you , i really do , but sebastian did everything in his power to make up for what happened . 
 he put himself at risk to save you , so maybe cut him a little slack , hey ? '' 
 my mouth felt impossibly dry . 
 i knew sebastian had been distraught at my kidnapping , but this cast it in an entirely new light . 
 he had n't simply been cleaning up an alpha group mess . 
 if anything , he 'd been doing the opposite . 
 he 'd actively put my safety above the interests of his brothers . 
 he 'd broken the rules for me . 
 i did n't know what it meant - was it a temporary lapse or a permanent statement ? 
 - but it made me warm all over . 
 my mind was suddenly racing with possibilities . 
 `` i did n't know , '' i said eventually . 
 `` well , now you do , '' he said with a nod . 
 `` will he be in serious trouble ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 time will tell . 
 but , in the past , such actions have been ... frowned upon , let 's just say . '' 
 something about the way he said gave me the impression it was more serious than he was letting on . 
 i weighed his words . 
 were sebastian 's actions enough to overcome all of the lies and the secrets ? 
 i did n't know . 
 i still had so many questions . 
 `` liv 's death , '' i said carefully . 
 his expression turned grim . 
 `` now that was a hell of a thing . '' 
 `` sebastian said nobody really knows what happened . 
 is that true ? '' 
 despite his age , he was still sharp . 
 he saw my implication instantly . 
 `` you 're wondering if he should have expected this ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no , nobody could have seen this coming . 
 he blames himself for liv , but the reality is it was just a case of wrong place , wrong time . '' 
 `` but if there was nothing to worry about , why did he leave someone outside my place ? '' 
 `` paranoia i suspect . 
 you have to understand , sebastian took that hard , harder than anything i 've seen , until you disappeared . 
 he feels like if he had n't ended things with her , if he 'd found some way to make the relationship work , perhaps things would have been different . '' 
 i blinked in surprise . 
 `` ended things ? 
 he told me they were engaged . '' 
 `` ah , '' he said with a wince . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i assumed he 'd told you the whole story . 
 technically he did n't lie ; they were engaged . 
 several of us tried to warn him of the dangers of such big secrets in a marriage , but it 's hard to argue with love . 
 of course , it became progressively easier as she began to get suspicious . 
 she was a bit of a computer guru , you see . 
 was being headhunted by all kinds of a-list companies , but they wanted her to move overseas and sebastian could n't , so she turned them down . 
 anyway , one day , sebastian left his laptop open at an alpha login portal . 
 to most people that would n't mean much , but to a girl like her , it was a beacon . 
 soon , she was digging up all manner of strange info . 
 it was n't enough to tell her anything concrete , but it told her he was hiding something . '' 
 he took a long sip from his mug . 
 `` so , she confronted him . 
 they argued and she gave him an ultimatum . '' 
 `` and he chose the group , '' i finished . 
 he nodded slowly . 
 `` although ` chose ' might be a little generous . 
 this is n't the sort of thing you can just walk away from . 
 a few people have managed over the years , but it requires an immense amount of planning and a willingness to drop totally off the grid . 
 not exactly an appealing prospect for an up and coming it whiz . '' 
 `` i guess not . '' 
 it was a lot to take in . 
 i could n't help but notice all the parallels . 
 as well as the one big difference . 
 sebastian had initially chosen the group this time too but , when push came to shove , he 'd picked me . 
 `` anyway , '' joe said , dragging himself to his feet , `` it 's time to take these old bones to bed . 
 it 's been lovely chatting with you , sophia . '' 
 `` goodnight . '' 
 he moved to leave , but paused in the doorway . 
 `` i hope that whatever comes of all this , you find some peace . '' 
 `` me too , '' i replied . 
 chapter six sophia i intended to head back to my room but , instead , i found myself walking right past the door and continuing up the hallway . 
 something told me that sebastian would still be awake . 
 i did n't know exactly why i wanted to see him , only that i did . 
 my instincts proved accurate . 
 i found him sitting at a desk in his room , hunched over a laptop screen . 
 the door was open , but he did n't appear to notice me , so for a while i simply stood and watched . 
 he looked tired . 
 no , that was n't the right word . 
 haggard was more appropriate . 
 a man with the weight of the world on his shoulders . 
 even now , just the sight of him sent a tingle curling through me . 
 a surge of lust , but there was something deeper too , something comforting and strong that blossomed in my stomach like a sunrise . 
 it made the prospect of seeing him again exciting , no matter how often it happened . 
 i was beginning to think that feeling would never go away . 
 i tried to put myself in his shoes ; impossible obligations pulling at me from all sides . 
 would i have reacted differently ? 
 would i have continued our relationship , knowing the world i was exposing him to ? 
 i did n't know . 
 it felt like a position where there were no right moves . 
 `` i know what you did for me , '' i said eventually . 
 he flinched at the sound of my voice , his hand darting towards the desk drawer , although he stopped when he recognised me . 
 `` christ , sophia . 
 sneaking up on people at four o'clock in the morning in this particular house is a really , really bad idea . '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 he studied me . 
 i could tell that part of him simply wanted to send me away . 
 every conversation between us now was difficult , strangled by guilt and uncertainty . 
 but eventually he spoke . 
 `` what do you mean , what i did for you ? '' 
 `` the way you stood up to your brothers when no one else wanted to help rescue me . '' 
 he waved dismissively . 
 `` ah , that . 
 it 's not a big deal . '' 
 `` that 's not what joe said . 
 he said it was quite the argument . '' 
 i walked inside and sat on the surface of the desk . 
 sebastian was close enough to reach out and touch now , and i had to resist the urge to do just that . 
 i was doing a good job of keeping my fear at bay , but that did n't mean it had fled . 
 it still simmered inside me , waiting for another opportunity to boil over , and the prospect of facing that alone was almost too daunting to consider . 
 just being near him soothed my shredded nerves . 
 `` you broke the rules for me , '' i continued . 
 `` in a pretty big way , from what i understand . '' 
 his gaze was hard , radiating intensity . 
 i could almost feel the conflict playing out inside him . 
 `` what else could i have done , sophia ? 
 i could n't let them take you . '' 
 `` i thought the group came first . '' 
 he hesitated , then shook his head slowly . 
 `` so did i. '' we sat in silence for a few moments . 
 i think we both knew what was coming . 
 we could n't avoid discussing our relationship forever . 
 i was still afraid to do so , lest that wound tear open inside me again , but knowing what he 'd done gave me a glimmer of hope . 
 maybe , somehow , there was a way through this . 
 `` sebastian , i - '' `` do n't , '' he said , rising to his feet and putting some distance between us . 
 `` we ca n't do this , sophia . '' 
 his voice was sharp , almost pained . 
 `` i have to know , '' i replied . 
 `` what does all of this mean for us ? '' 
 he stormed towards me and i jolted backwards . 
 `` there is no us . 
 there ca n't be . 
 you 've seen the sort of life i lead . 
 how can you even ask that ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said softly . 
 `` but i 'm asking all the same . '' 
 he closed his eyes and swept a hand through his hair . 
 `` i nearly got you killed . 
 i do n't understand how you 're even still talking to me . '' 
 a few days ago , i might have agreed with him . 
 logically i knew i still should . 
 but logic had always taken a back seat where he was concerned . 
 yes he 'd kept things from me , but i now appreciated the full weight of those secrets . 
 everything he 'd done spoke of how much he cared for me , and i could n't deny that my emotions burned just as strongly . 
 i could hold the situation against him , or i could move on and try to build something to go back to , after it was over . 
 `` i do n't blame you , sebastian . 
 i did in the beginning , but i do n't now . 
 you could n't have known . 
 yeah , if i had n't met you , none of this would have happened , but then i 'd never have met you and , the truth is , that thought terrifies me far more than any of this . '' 
 he stared at me with wide eyes , his expression hovering somewhere between anguish and awe . 
 `` how do you do that ? '' 
 he asked . 
 it was barely more than a whisper . 
 `` no matter what i do , no matter how sure i am , you say just the right thing to make me question myself . '' 
 a smile crept onto my face . 
 `` i 'm just that talented , i guess . '' 
 his expression softened a fraction , but it did n't last long . 
 `` i ca n't keep making these mistakes , sophia . 
 it 's too dangerous . 
 sure , i saved you this time , but what about next time ? 
 or the time after ? 
 this life offers no guarantees . 
 i wo n't give it another opportunity to claim you . '' 
 `` so that 's it , then ? 
 i do n't even get a say ? '' 
 moisture rushed to my eyes . 
 `` do n't my feelings count for anything ? '' 
 `` of course they count , '' he lamented , although he did n't seem to know how to finish the sentence . 
 `` so if we never had a chance , why tell me all those things then ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` why bring me into your world ? 
 why slip into my room at night and comfort me like nothing has changed ? '' 
 he shook his head desperately . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i do n't know . '' 
 for a few moments there was silence . 
 `` do you remember what you said to me over dinner , the first time we went out ? '' 
 i asked eventually . '' 
 ` nothing worth having comes risk free . ' 
 well , that 's how i feel now . '' 
 i got to my feet and moved over to him , taking his hands in mine . 
 `` i 'm a big girl . 
 i can make my own decisions . 
 i understand the risks , and i 'm telling you i 'm okay with them . 
 i love you , sebastian , and if that 's the price for being with you , then it 's one i 'm willing to pay . 
 the question is , are you ? '' 
 the surge of emotion on his face mirrored my own . 
 that was the first time i 'd said the l word out loud to him . 
 it had n't been intentional , but the moment it left my lips i knew it was true . 
 it was so perfectly right . 
 i could feel it down to my bones . 
 he closed his eyes momentarily . 
 `` you have no idea how long i 've wanted to hear you say that . 
 but not now . 
 not now ! '' 
 pulling his hands free , he turned away . 
 `` i do n't know if i can keep fighting this , sophia . 
 it hurts too much . 
 seeing you every day , not being able to hold you or kiss you or love you . 
 it 's ruining me . '' 
 `` so stop fighting . '' 
 for a few seconds , i thought i 'd lost him again , but then he was spinning and his lips were crashing into mine . 
 i 'd never been kissed like that , not even by him . 
 in that gesture , i could feel every ounce of his guilt , his pain , his love , and i found myself kissing back just as ferociously , my own torrent of emotions thundering through my chest . 
 the joy i felt was almost enough to make me weep . 
 in a few seconds , he 'd worked my track pants free and lifted me back onto the desk . 
 no words were necessary . 
 desperation and longing burned brighter than the sun in both of us . 
 i needed that connection , that perfect affirmation that said more than words ever could . 
 i was dimly aware that the door was still open , but nothing in the world could have stopped us at that moment . 
 we were utterly lost in one another . 
 with raw hunger , he yanked his fly down , freeing his shaft , and then buried himself inside me . 
 my skin burned with the suddenness of it , but i did n't care at all . 
 i savoured the pain because it came from him , a stinging symbol of the bond between us . 
 he moved slowly , coaxing my body to life around him with gentle thrusts . 
 i mewed softly against his mouth , feeling myself grow slick , but he did n't break the kiss . 
 he devoured me , drawing my lips tenderly between his teeth and stroking them with his tongue . 
 his hands found my legs , looping under my knees to lift them higher , allowing him to sheathe himself in me all the way to the root . 
 finally he pulled away , only to bury his head against my neck . 
 `` say it again , '' he whispered , teasing me with a slow rocking motion . 
 `` i love you , '' i breathed . 
 `` and i love you , '' he replied . 
 and then he was moving in me again , his mouth tracing fire across my collarbone , sending my capacity for speech spiralling away . 
 his thrusts strengthened as the animal in him gradually broke free of its cage . 
 he snarled against my chin , one hand slipping between my legs to find my clit , sending a new chord of ecstasy thrumming through me . 
 his lovemaking was different now . 
 every time before , i 'd seen a new side of him ; sometimes dominant , sometimes soft , sometimes hungry , but this was all of those things together ; fierce strength combined with loving tenderness . 
 i felt like i was finally getting all of him , no more shields , no more secrets , he was finally letting it all go , and it was the most beautiful thing i 'd ever experienced . 
 in that moment i knew that i was his and he was mine . 
 as his rhythm reached its crescendo , the pressure building in my core began to swell . 
 i wrapped my hands around his neck , fingers digging into his flesh , his body tightening in time with mine as we came together . 
 `` god , i 've missed you , '' he said , laying his forehead against mine as we caught our breath . 
 standing there above me , dishevelled and bathed in sweat , he looked absolutely radiant . 
 i nuzzled my nose against his . 
 `` me too . '' 
 we moved over to the bed and lay , for a while , in each other 's arms . 
 the bliss i felt in that moment almost made it possible to forget everything that had happened ; we were just an ordinary couple , snuggling together , after making love . 
 `` i love you , '' i said again , turning to stare him in the eyes . 
 he smiled . 
 `` i 'll never get sick of hearing that . '' 
 his expression slipped a little , and i knew we were about to come hurtling back to reality . 
 `` i hate to break the moment , but we are n't done talking . 
 if we 're really going to do this , there 's some things we need to think about . '' 
 `` okay , '' i replied cautiously , half afraid he was going to go off the deep end again . 
 he took his time choosing his words . 
 `` even when we get through whatever is going on right now , i do n't know exactly how we make this work . '' 
 he raised his hand to cut off my objections . 
 `` i 'm not saying we do n't try . 
 i ca n't deny this anymore , sophia . 
 i love you , and for some stupid reason you appear to return the feeling . '' 
 `` i 'm a slow learner , i guess , '' i replied . 
 he shot me a half smile . 
 `` the fact is , you 're here and you 're involved and you know things you should n't know . 
 and my brothers ... some of them are already worried about you . 
 they 're distracted now , but when things settle down , and we 're still together , they 're going to start asking questions of their own , and i do n't think they 're going to like the answers . '' 
 i 'd been wondering about that . 
 i may have been saved from immediate danger , but the longer i spent in the alpha house , the more i realised that i was n't as safe as i 'd thought . 
 i could n't just forget everything i 'd seen , and these people knew it . 
 `` so what do we do ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` you kind of make it sound like we 're doomed , no matter what . '' 
 `` no , no , that 's not what i meant . '' 
 he exhaled sharply . 
 `` i 'll figure something out . 
 for now , we just need to tread carefully . 
 we both know a lot of people do n't approve of your presence here , so let 's not give them any reason to take it further . '' 
 once again i felt an uneasy feeling settle in my stomach . 
 `` are you sure about the people who kidnapped me ? '' 
 i asked carefully . 
 `` because if there 's any chance it was someone here , we might wind up playing right into their hands . '' 
 `` i 'm sure , '' he said firmly . 
 `` these men are my brothers . 
 besides , whoever took you also killed charlie and simon . 
 nobody here would do that . '' 
 his certainty put my mind at ease ; well , as at ease as was possible with some kind of rogue terror group trying to kidnap me . 
 `` you 've used the word ` council ' a few times , '' i said , spotting another chance to sate my curiosity , `` is that like the alpha board or something ? 
 i 've been trying to work out how you make your decisions . '' 
 his jaw tightened a fraction . 
 `` i 'm not sure i should talk about that . '' 
 `` oh come on . 
 they 're already going to be super angry if they find out what you 've told me so far , right ? 
 so how much worse can it get ? '' 
 he hesitated , but eventually gave a resigned smile . 
 `` i guess you have a point . 
 yeah , in a nutshell , the council runs things in this area ; it 's in control of the asia pacific region . 
 other regions are run by different groups . '' 
 `` and you 're on it ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` almost everyone here is , except the muscle , drivers , and house staff . '' 
 `` so that makes you kind of a big deal , then ? '' 
 i asked with a grin . 
 he laughed . 
 `` kind of . '' 
 it made sense . 
 i struggled to picture sebastian anywhere but the top of the ladder , regardless of what he was doing . 
 `` so it 's like a democracy ? 
 you all just vote on everything ? '' 
 `` yes and no . 
 for most decisions , the whole council has a say , but ultimately there still needs to be a figurehead , to settle disputes and keep the group operating smoothly . 
 the official title is archon . '' 
 `` archon ? '' 
 i said , raising an eyebrow . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` blame the greeks . 
 we 're stuck with it now . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` and who is this archon ? '' 
 his face took on a strange expression . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` you do n't know ? '' 
 i said slowly . 
 `` how can you not know ? '' 
 `` it 's a secret , even amongst the group . 
 the heads of each cell have an immense amount of power . 
 for example , they 're the only people with access to the full list of alpha personnel worldwide . 
 if that sort of power fell into the wrong hands , the damage would be catastrophic . 
 so they stay hidden , just in case . '' 
 i licked my lips as i tried to process this . 
 `` but how does that work ? '' 
 `` well , the council has sixteen members , one of whom is in charge . 
 by all appearances , they are just a regular member of the group . 
 anything that requires their attention as the archon is dealt with through the alpha computer network . 
 the commands come anonymously , so nobody but the archon and their lieutenant know the source . '' 
 `` lieutenant ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` the archon chooses a second in command , someone to take over if anything happens to them . 
 they 're like a backup . 
 otherwise , there would be no way to choose a new leader when the existing one dies . 
 the lieutenant is the only other person that knows who runs the show . 
 it 's a little eccentric , i know , but it works . '' 
 `` i was going to say paranoid , actually . '' 
 `` maybe that too . 
 we did n't always do things this way , but about five hundred years ago , one of our enemies managed to infiltrate the group and , through the archon , they learned everything . 
 we lost hundreds of members and years of progress . 
 so we devised a system to stop that happening again . '' 
 it all seemed incredibly mysterious , but then again , that was true of the entire situation . 
 besides , on some level , that just added to the coolness of it all . 
 i was basically living in a conspiracy theory ! 
 i could n't help but smile as the full implication of what he 'd said sank in . 
 `` so , when you said you did n't know , was that you telling the truth , or you toeing the company line ? '' 
 `` that was me telling you i did n't know , '' he replied , a twinkle in his eye . 
 `` right . 
 but if you were in charge , i 'm guessing you probably would n't tell me anyway , right ? '' 
 there was a twinkle in his eye when he replied . 
 `` perhaps not . 
 i need to keep some secrets , sophia . '' 
 i sighed dramatically . 
 `` i suppose that 's fair . 
 well then , mister councilman , what do we do now ? '' 
 i 'd intended us to talk a little more about the problems we faced , but apparently he had something else in mind . 
 in response he gently rolled me away from him , then pulling me close until we were spooning . 
 although i still wore my top , i was naked from the waist down , and the position pressed my bare ass against the growing hardness between his legs . 
 i felt my body stir again . 
 `` now , we make up for lost time , '' he replied , his voice growing husky . 
 and despite the weight of the discussion we 'd just had , he quickly convinced me that that was exactly what i wanted to do . 
 chapter seven sophia the next few days were a mixture of frustration and joy . 
 by night , i had sebastian back . 
 we ate together , we talked , and we spent a great deal of time reacquainting ourselves with each other 's bodies . 
 although it had n't been that long since we 'd been intimate , it felt like i was discovering him for the first time all over again . 
 however , while the sun was up , things were different . 
 as much as we both wanted to just shut ourselves away and ignore everything , the fact was , sebastian still had a job to do . 
 the threat - whatever it was - would n't disappear on its own . 
 if we wanted any hope for some kind of normality in the future , we had to take action . 
 or should i say , he had to take action . 
 although he tried to keep me in the loop , my involvement was strictly second hand . 
 there was no way for me to attend their meetings without putting us both at risk . 
 he 'd return to his room , which was now our room , and brief me on what had happened that day . 
 they had a few leads , but so far they 'd hit nothing but brick walls . 
 aside from that they apparently spent most of the time fighting about what the next step was . 
 i tried to amuse myself while he was gone , but it was hard . 
 i was n't used to being left to my own devices . 
 i had n't had more than a few days to myself since high school . 
 it did n't help that i was confined to quarters . 
 until things were safe , sebastian insisted i did not leave the building . 
 i read a lot and watched more tv than i had in my entire life , but within a few days i felt dangerously close to breaking point . 
 i began having visions of myself as one of those creepy old ladies in victorian period dramas , who can be seen haunting the windows of ancient manor houses , but never venture out into open air . 
 then there was the tension with the group members . 
 ewan and his cronies continued to make sure i was aware how unwelcome i was . 
 it was n't outright aggression , but the dark looks and biting remarks told me exactly how they felt . 
 `` have they said anything about us ? '' 
 i asked sebastian , after a particularly bad day . 
 he frowned and shook his head . 
 `` no , actually , they 've been strangely silent . '' 
 `` so that 's good , right ? '' 
 `` i guess , '' he replied , although he did n't sound convinced . 
 most of the others did n't seem to know how to react to me , so they simply ignored my presence . 
 and joe , the only one i assumed might have talked to me , had gone overseas to attend to some family problem . 
 i felt a little like a ghost , floating unseen and unacknowledged , around that buzzing house . 
 after several days , my boredom got the better of me and i went in search of a computer . 
 i figured that if i had to kill time , i could at least do it laughing at cats with hilarious facial expressions . 
 sebastian had a laptop , but he carried it with him during the day . 
 i 'd seen a few desktops scattered around the building , and nobody ever seemed to be using them , so i did n't think anyone would mind . 
 unfortunately , it was n't as simple as just sitting down and turning the system on . 
 the pc lit up when i hit the power button , but the screen only got as far as displaying a blinking cursor on a black background , and no amount of resetting or playing with the cables would fix it . 
 i 'd seen sebastian power up his laptop before , and at some point during the process he always swiped his thumb across the little biometric scanner that hung off the side . 
 this pc had one too , sitting on the desk next to the keyboard . 
 perhaps the system would n't start without the right person in the chair . 
 part of me wanted to swipe it myself just to see what would happen . 
 i even got as far as poising my thumb over the pad , but then a voice from the doorway interrupted me . 
 `` i would n't do that , if i were you . '' 
 i jolted back in my chair . 
 it was trey . 
 i had n't seen him since the night i arrived . 
 apparently he was n't part of the inner council , so he was n't holed up here with the rest of them . 
 `` sorry , '' i said . 
 `` it 's alright . 
 no harm done . 
 you 're just lucky i found you when i did . 
 a word of warning , though . 
 anything that needs a thumbprint you should probably stay away from . '' 
 in spite of my embarrassment , my curiosity was now peaked . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` if you do n't have the right authentication , the whole system will shut down until someone comes and checks it out . 
 i figure you could probably do without that attention . '' 
 well , that answered that question . 
 `` right . 
 thanks for the warning . '' 
 he stared at me for a few seconds , and i felt my skin begin to prickle . 
 it was another of those awkward moments where we were both aware i knew something i should n't , but we were n't discussing it . 
 he did n't look concerned at all , but it still made me uncomfortable . 
 `` so , what brings you here anyway ? 
 i did n't expect to see you around these parts , '' i said , trying desperately to fill the silence . 
 he shrugged and gave a conspiratorial eye roll . 
 `` thomas needed something . 
 you know how it is ; the bosses call and we come a-running . 
 any idea where he is ? '' 
 `` actually yeah , i think i saw him chatting to marcus in the kitchen , before . '' 
 trey 's expression darkened a little . 
 perhaps he and marcus were n't on the best terms . 
 `` alright , thanks . '' 
 his smile returned . 
 `` stay out of trouble , hey ? '' 
 i gave a little laugh . 
 `` i 'll do my best . '' 
 in spite of how awkward i 'd felt , it was nice to have an interaction with sebastian 's colleague that did n't involve any death stares . 
 it made me feel like perhaps there was hope yet on that front . 
 but , the next day , sebastian came to me with some news , and that theory promptly went to shit . 
 `` we 're leaving , '' he said . 
 i rocked back in surprise . 
 `` we are ? 
 does that mean it 's all over ? '' 
 he grimaced . 
 `` unfortunately , no . 
 several of the council members simply feel like it would be better if you stayed elsewhere until we finish sorting this out . '' 
 the words came out through gritted teeth . 
 i got the sense it had been another long and bitter argument . 
 so , i was being exiled . 
 on one hand , it was actually a bit of a relief . 
 i was sick of being trapped here , constantly feeling like the awkward relative nobody actually wants around . 
 but , on the other hand , the danger outside these walls was very real . 
 `` i thought it was n't safe out there , '' i said carefully . 
 he sighed . 
 `` it 's not . 
 but do n't worry , they 're not sending you home . 
 i talked them into a compromise . 
 this is n't the only secure facility alpha owns . 
 we 've got several other places , scattered around the city , so we 're going to move to one of the empty ones . 
 it wo n't be as heavily guarded as this place , but it has all the same security measures . 
 we 'll be just as safe as we are now . '' 
 `` okay , '' i said , although there was a slight tremble in my voice . 
 what other response could i give ? 
 there did n't seem to be any point arguing . 
 he gazed at me for a few seconds before lowering himself onto the bed next to me and taking my hand in his . 
 `` hey , it 'll be okay . 
 trust me . 
 i 'm coming too , and i 'd die before i let anything happen to you . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i know . 
 i just hate feeling so damn powerless , you know ? 
 i 'm just a pawn , being shuffled around the board ; only it 's not a game , it 's my bloody life . '' 
 `` i know , '' he replied , offering me a sad little smile . 
 `` i know . '' 
 the next day , we left . 
 there was no fanfare . 
 nobody even said goodbye . 
 i guess that was to be expected . 
 we were met outside by two hulking rent-a-suits , who sebastian introduced as tony and aaron . 
 they were apparently going to be our daytime security team . 
 he was coming with me now to help me settle in , but he 'd have to commute back to the main house every day to continue working on the crisis . 
 after about thirty minutes , we pulled up in front of a small but modern looking house on a quiet , leafy street . 
 at first glance it appeared utterly normal , but the biometric scanner on the front door and the bars over the windows hinted that this was something more than an average residence . 
 `` they 're bulletproof , '' he said , following my gaze . 
 `` the doors too . '' 
 reaching out , he thumbed the touch pad by the front door , and the lock clicked open . 
 `` nobody is getting in here without the proper authorisation . 
 and to even try , they have to deal with tony and aaron first . 
 the whole house will be under round the clock surveillance . '' 
 some of the tension i 'd been carrying around inside me dissipated . 
 the place certainly seemed as secure as he 'd claimed . 
 the two guards stationed themselves outside , leaving the entire house to sebastian and i . 
 it was nice to finally feel like we had our own space again . 
 despite its size , the main house had , at times , felt cramped , and the pervasive air of concern and hostility had made it a less than pleasant living environment . 
 sebastian produced some takeaway food from somewhere and we ate it sprawled out in front of the television , mocking the terribleness of the reality shows that seemed to dominate every network . 
 it was n't a particularly interesting evening by most standards , but i found myself laughing harder than i had in weeks . 
 leaving the alpha headquarters had lifted a weight from my shoulders that i had n't even realised i was carrying . 
 after dinner , sebastian disappeared into the back of the house for a minute and returned carrying a box . 
 `` i have something for you , '' he said , his tone once again serious . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 he opened the container to reveal a petite silver gun . 
 my breath caught in my throat . 
 `` i want you to have this , '' he said , removing it and holding it out to me . 
 `` sebastian , i do n't know the first thing about guns . '' 
 just the idea of having something so deadly in my hands filled me with an uneasy energy . 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm not expecting you to go take out our enemies all by yourself . 
 in truth , i doubt that you 'll ever have to use it . 
 i meant what i said about this place being secure . 
 this is just a precaution , nothing more . '' 
 he reached out with his free hand and cupped my chin , his thumb grazing my cheek with the utmost tenderness . 
 `` i ca n't be with you all the time , and the thought of not being here to protect you myself ... please , it would make me feel better . '' 
 the concern in his eyes was enough to allay my hesitation . 
 gingerly , i reached out and took the weapon from him . 
 it 's cliche , but it was surprisingly heavy . 
 the metal felt cold against my skin . 
 `` this is the safety , '' he said , indicating near the trigger . 
 `` do n't switch that off unless you mean it . 
 the gun carries thirteen rounds and is already loaded . '' 
 closing my hands more tightly around the grip , i raised it slowly in front of me . 
 i did n't have any illusions about my ability to actually hit anything , but i did feel a certain sense of comfort with that weight between my fingers . 
 `` okay . '' 
 holding death in my hand , i suddenly felt the need to make a joke . 
 `` you know , i 'm pretty sure none of my friend 's partners have ever given them a lethal weapon before . 
 i 'm surely the luckiest girl in the whole world . '' 
 the tension eased on his face . 
 `` i 'm glad i could be your first . '' 
 `` so , what else is there to do around this place ? '' 
 i asked , setting the weapon aside . 
 `` you know , besides play with my new firearm . '' 
 `` not a whole lot . '' 
 he grinned wickedly and slid closer , looping his hands under my legs and lifting them over his lap until i lay cradled in his arms . 
 `` although i have a few ideas about how we can take advantage of our newfound privacy . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 and what might those be ? '' 
 i replied as sweetly as possible . 
 he leaned in to brush a soft kiss across my cheek . 
 `` well , i thought perhaps i 'd see how many different rooms i could fuck you in . '' 
 `` i think i 'd like that very much , '' i replied , already feeling my pulse quicken . 
 suffice it to say that there were no rooms left unchristened by the time we finally collapsed into bed . 
 chapter eight sophia for a little while , the novelty of being somewhere fresh buoyed my mood . 
 i explored the new house , and spent many hours pottering around with a glass of wine and a book . 
 but soon enough , my frustration returned . 
 each morning , sebastian would kiss me on the head and then disappear through the bedroom door , not returning until well after sundown . 
 in many ways , he had little more freedom than me , but at least he had a mission . 
 i , on the other hand , was left to simply float around , entirely without purpose . 
 i tried engaging the security guards in a little banter , but it quickly became apparently that all of the steroids must have burned their fun glands into oblivion . 
 they were about as friendly as a pair of rocks , and even less interesting ; i quickly abandoned all hope of alleviating my boredom through conversation . 
 at my request , sebastian had brought me a laptop , so i turned to surfing job hunting websites online . 
 i knew it was masochistic to taunt myself like that , but i could n't help it . 
 after a decade of thinking about nothing but my career , i could n't just switch off that part of my brain . 
 to be honest , i was n't sure there were many other parts anymore . 
 it turned out there were several positions going at top tier firms , including one at little bell 's biggest rival . 
 any one of them would have been perfect for me , and i knew i stood a good chance if i decided to apply . 
 i stared at the screen for a while , before closing the laptop and setting it purposefully aside . 
 well , there you go . 
 who knows , maybe they 'll still be available in a few weeks and all this will have blown over . 
 but as i lay in bed that night , i could n't stop thinking about what i 'd found . 
 getting back to work was exactly what i needed . 
 with all day to myself , i could n't help but dwell on my situation . 
 being unemployed and trapped in a house , with mysterious forces plotting god knows what all around me , was hardly a recipe for inner peace . 
 `` you know , i 'm going a little crazy here , '' i said the next day , when we were sitting in the lounge room after dinner . 
 he shot me a sympathetic look . 
 `` i know it 's rough . 
 hopefully we 'll have something soon . 
 in the meantime , try to relax and enjoy the time off . '' 
 `` have you seen me try to relax ? '' 
 i replied . 
 `` it 's a train wreck . 
 yesterday i actually rearranged every book in the study by author name , just to feel like i 'd actually achieved something for the day . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` incidentally , you have an awful lot of cook books from the fifties in there . 
 anyway , relaxation is n't my m.o , '' i continued . 
 `` i need to be out there , getting my life back on track . 
 the longer i wait to find another job , the harder it 's going to be . 
 i get that the situation is dangerous , but i want something to come back to when it 's all over . '' 
 he stared at me for several seconds , a strange smile playing on his lips . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked , realising that something was n't right . 
 he should n't have been smiling . 
 he opened his mouth , then closed it again , before standing up and walking over to his desk . 
 `` i was going to wait until after all of this was sorted out , but i guess there 's no harm in showing you now . '' 
 `` showing me what ? '' 
 i asked , feeling a rush of excitement . 
 he returned holding a small stack of paper . 
 `` this , '' he said . 
 `` i know you have a thing about people helping you , but hopefully you can make an exception in this case . '' 
 with some trepidation i began to read , but before i 'd made it more than half a page i found myself grinning like an idiot . 
 `` oh my god , '' i said . 
 `` where did you get these ? '' 
 `` a friend of a friend , '' he replied nonchalantly . 
 `` well your friend struck gold , '' i said , flipping through several more pages . 
 `` my god , the partners are going to flip when they see this . '' 
 in my hands , i held a printout of a chain of emails that stretched back over several years . 
 sebastian and i were no strangers to a bit of written flirtation , but these took the idea of sexting to a whole new level . 
 we 're talking bad eighties porno script , and judging by the phrasing , it was just a prelude to what the couple were actually doing in the bedroom . 
 the email addresses were n't instantly familiar - they looked like personal accounts - but the signatures were . 
 alan beatie and jennifer smart . 
 `` i thought you 'd be pleased , '' sebastian replied . 
 that was the understatement of the century . 
 a long term relationship between an associate and her superior was already enough to land them in serious trouble , but this went a step further . 
 interspersed between the racier messages were numerous requests for favours and plenty of signs of preferential treatment . 
 judging by the dates , their arrangement had started before jennifer was even promoted . 
 it did n't take a genius to see how the other partners would view that . 
 it felt like christmas come early . 
 and then i spotted the coup de grace . 
 `` holy shit . '' 
 i held up one specific line for him to read . 
 `` did you see this ? '' 
 he grinned and nodded . 
 thank you for finally dealing with that little bitch sophia . 
 i 'm sure i can think of a few creative ways to reward you ; -rrb- it was morbidly gratifying to finally see her talk about me the way i always suspected she did . 
 the prim , sweet girl that roamed our office building was nowhere in sight , here . 
 these emails were jennifer unfiltered , and it showed exactly what a nasty piece of work she really was . 
 although my name came up most frequently , she seemed to have a grudge against almost everyone who posed even a vague threat to her advancement up the ladder . 
 for a brief moment , i actually felt bad for her , for being so insecure , but that was quickly crushed under a torrent of glorious satisfaction at knowing she was finally going to get what she deserved . 
 `` i knew they could n't have had a decent reason for firing you . '' 
 i nodded , still mesmerised by the words in front of me . 
 `` you think it 'll be enough to get my job back ? '' 
 `` definitely . 
 these make it pretty clear that there was more to your dismissal than the quality of your work . '' 
 i realised i was grinning like an idiot . 
 `` i 'll go first thing tomorrow , '' i said , already playing the confrontation through in my head . 
 his expression dropped a fraction . 
 `` i 'd rather you wait until we 've dealt with our other problem . 
 it 's still dangerous out there . '' 
 for a second , i thought i 'd misheard . 
 `` you seriously expect me to sit on this ? 
 why give it to me at all ? '' 
 he shrugged uncomfortably . 
 `` you seemed upset . 
 i thought it might make you feel better knowing you can wander back into little bell when this is all over . '' 
 `` and what am i meant to do in the meantime ? 
 keep twiddling my thumbs around here ? 
 look , i 'm not downplaying the risk . 
 i know it 's not safe , but the truth is , we have no idea how long this is going to take . 
 sure , it could be a week , but it could be a month , or two , or six . 
 who 's to say they 're even going to show their faces again , without an opportunity ? '' 
 i closed my eyes briefly , trying to rein in my emotions . 
 i felt like a hormonal teenage girl again , flitting from jubilant to angry to upset in the blink of an eye . 
 `` i need something sebastian . 
 being stuck here is killing me - pardon the pun . 
 surely we can find a way to make it work ? 
 you go to and from work every day and you 're still in one piece . '' 
 his jaw tightened and he glanced away . 
 `` that 's true . '' 
 he pondered for a while . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 sliding closer , he pulled me against him and leaned down to kiss my hair . 
 `` i just find the idea of leaving you exposed terrifying . 
 but you 're right , this is n't fair on you . 
 how about this : you go in there tomorrow and kick some ass , and once you have your job back , aaron and tony will take you to and from the office every day . 
 as long as you do n't leave the building , you 'll be fine . 
 several thousand witnesses should be enough to deter anyone from trying anything . '' 
 i found myself grinning once more . 
 `` not to mention building security . 
 you , sir , have a deal . '' 
 snuggling in against his chest , i began reading over the emails again . 
 `` god , i ca n't wait to see her smarmy little face . '' 
 * * * * * `` hello , jennifer , '' i said in my sweetest voice , as i peeked my head around her door . 
 for a brief second , shock registered on her face , although it was gone in an instant . 
 `` sophia . 
 what a pleasant surprise . 
 i thought you were still on leave . '' 
 `` i was . 
 i just dropped in to deliver something to mr bell . '' 
 her brow furrowed . 
 i think she could tell by my demeanour that something was n't quite right , but she did n't know what . 
 `` that seems ... unorthodox . '' 
 `` oh , i know . 
 i would n't have bothered him , except i recently came into possession of some information that i knew he 'd want to see . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 she sounded uncomfortable , which only made my smile grow . 
 i knew it was petty and childish , but it felt indescribably satisfying to finally be able to toy with her as she had so many times with me . 
 `` yeah . 
 it 's a bit of a scandal , actually . '' 
 i leaned in close , as though sharing a secret with a friend . 
 `` apparently , one of the partners has been fooling around with a senior associate . 
 i got a look at the emails they 've been sending each other . 
 some of the things they 've been writing ... well , graphic does n't even began to describe them . 
 but the worst part ? 
 he 's been doing her all kinds of favours around the office . 
 he even gave her a promotion after a weekend away together . 
 pretty shocking , right ? 
 you think your work is what 's important , and then you hear about something like this . 
 it 's enough to make you sick . '' 
 the expression on her face was priceless . 
 her eyes were open so wide i thought they might pop out of her head , and her mouth worked soundlessly , as though she might somehow still be able to argue her way out of the situation . 
 she looked like one of those rotating carnival clowns . 
 for a few seconds i simply stood and enjoyed . 
 `` anyway , as you can imagine , mr bell is taking the matter very seriously . 
 the partner is in with him right now i believe , and he should be calling the associate any moment . 
 i ca n't imagine either of them have much longer with the company . '' 
 in a piece of spectacularly fortunate timing , at that exact moment , jennifer 's phone began to ring . 
 `` oh , you have a call , '' i said . 
 `` i 'll let you go , then . 
 just wanted to share the news . 
 have a nice day . '' 
 i do n't know how i did it , but i managed to turn around and leave without letting out a cheer , although internally i was giving myself a million high fives . 
 even jennifer herself would have been proud of that performance . 
 it had been as chirpy and fake as any act of hers . 
 i could have been the bigger woman and let that be the end of it , but after years of torture , the moral high ground was the last thing on my mind . 
 this was my moment and i was going to enjoy the hell out of it . 
 after a brief visit to see what had become of my office , i hunted elle down and dragged her out into the main foyer to wait with me . 
 `` oh . 
 my . 
 god , '' she said , when i relayed what had happened . 
 `` you 're my fucking hero . 
 what did she say when you told her ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 she just sat there growing redder and redder , like someone was pumping her full of hot air . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` christ , i wish i 'd been there to see it . 
 that must have been the most satisfying thing in the world . '' 
 `` it was pretty amazing , '' i replied . 
 `` how the hell did you get access to her email , anyway ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i did n't . 
 some mysterious little bird forwarded them to me . '' 
 `` you 're kidding , right ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 it was a pretty flimsy lie , but ironically it was more believable than the truth . 
 oh , yeah , my boyfriend is part of a secret society that hacked jennifer 's email . 
 that would go down a treat . 
 `` they just showed up in my inbox the other day . '' 
 she shook her head in disbelief . 
 `` well , apparently you have a fairy godmother looking out for you . '' 
 i could n't help but grin at the cinderella reference . 
 `` you know , maybe i do . '' 
 at that moment , jennifer appeared around the corner , escorted by building security . 
 she was the picture of a sudden firing ; eyes blank , skin deathly white , possessions clutched listlessly in a cardboard box against her chest . 
 there had been no dancing around the issue with her , no feints involving temporary leave to ease the blow . 
 she 'd been summarily let go , and company policy dictated that she had to leave immediately . 
 there was too much sensitive information at stake to allow ex-employees to linger . 
 she did her best to maintain the veneer of superiority , although the smeared mascara running below her eyes certainly detracted from the effect , and the moment she saw me her expression crumpled . 
 i 'd positioned myself perfectly , exactly where she 'd stood during my walk of shame . 
 there was nothing sweet about my smile this time . 
 i let loose with everything i had . 
 i even threw in my most sarcastic wave for good measure . 
 elle was a little more direct . 
 `` seeya , bitch , '' she said , as they swept past and into the lift . 
 jennifer flinched as if struck . 
 as the doors closed , elle drew a deep breath and smiled . 
 `` is it just me , or does the air smell a little sweeter in here all of a sudden ? '' 
 i sniffed pointedly . 
 `` you know , i think it does . 
 must be the lack of bullshit . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` so , please tell me this means you 're coming back ? 
 this place is a bore without you . '' 
 `` it will likely be a bore either way . 
 but yeah , i 'm back . 
 apparently they were getting ready to make my leave more permanent this week , so the timing is perfect . 
 i 'm still on the books , so we do n't even have to do any paperwork . '' 
 elle clapped . 
 `` awesome . 
 surely this calls for a celebration ? '' 
 i winced , remembering sebastian 's rules . 
 as appealing as an old-school office bender sounded , it was n't safe . 
 `` let me settle back in and then we 'll talk . 
 okay ? '' 
 she looked a little disappointed , but did n't question . 
 `` sure . 
 well , thanks for inviting me to the show , but i should get back to it . 
 wrights wo n't prosecute itself . '' 
 `` no problem . 
 seeya round . '' 
 once she 'd disappeared around the corner , i took a moment just soaking in my surroundings . 
 that might seem like a strange thing to do - i mean , for all its prestige , it was really just an office - but after having given the bulk of the last six years to little bell , sometimes it felt more like home than my own house . 
 when sebastian had handed me those pages , i 'd been fairly confident it would be enough to get me back in the door , but i had n't been certain until now . 
 i was back . 
 at least one part of the nightmare was over . 
 it did n't take me long to find my feet again . 
 after letting everyone know i was available again , work quickly began to flow in . 
 in just a few hours , i was once again neck deep in case files . 
 ordinarily that might have had me slightly frazzled , but today , i could n't wipe the smile off my face . 
 surprisingly , sebastian was waiting for me when we got back . 
 most days he did n't return until well after dinner . 
 `` i wanted to be here when you got back from your first day , '' he said when i asked . 
 he held a bottle of champagne in his hands , and there were two glasses laid out on the bench in front of him . 
 `` aww , that 's very sweet of you , '' i said , leaning in for a lingering kiss . 
 `` but you did n't have to go to all this trouble . 
 it 's not like i got a new job . 
 it 's the same one i always had . '' 
 `` that does n't make it any less worth celebrating . '' 
 he gave a wolfish grin . 
 `` besides , i felt like champagne . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` ah , now the truth comes out . '' 
 he poured and then we settled into the couch . 
 `` so , how was it ? 
 everything went well ? '' 
 `` you could say that . 
 evil was vanquished , order restored and all that good stuff . '' 
 `` i 'm glad to hear it . 
 it must feel nice to be back . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` hell yes it does . 
 i can honestly say , i do n't think i 've ever been so happy to be so busy in my life . '' 
 `` i 'm glad . '' 
 `` ernest also dropped a few not so subtle hints about ` recently vacated positions ' that might need to be filled . '' 
 his face lit up and he pulled me in for a hug . 
 `` congratulations ! 
 that 's wonderful . '' 
 `` it is , is n't it ? '' 
 `` i bet you 'd have been promoted years ago if not for those two , '' he said . 
 `` you 'll be running that place one day , mark my words . '' 
 `` yeah , then maybe i 'll have the credentials to join alpha myself . '' 
 he gave a wry shake of his head . 
 `` you 'd seriously want to do that , having seen what you 've seen ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it 's not like it has n't entered my mind . 
 if you ignore all the guns and kidnappings and such , it is pretty cool . '' 
 i took a sip of champagne . 
 `` besides , it would certainly solve one of our current predicaments . '' 
 `` i suppose it would . '' 
 `` how exactly does one join anyway ? 
 joe said he kind of just plucked you out of the army . '' 
 his smile gained a hint of nostalgia . 
 `` he told you about that , hey ? 
 yeah , i 'm not sure what i would have done if he had n't found me . 
 i was pretty lost , up until that point . 
 now i 've actually got a purpose . 
 `` as for recruitment , there 's no one way . 
 you get people like thomas , who just work ridiculously hard in their chosen field until we ca n't help but notice them . 
 he made an absolute killing working for one of the big oil companies , before we found him . 
 and then you 've got the guys like trey , who just get in on their family name . '' 
 `` ooh , trust fund baby , is he ? 
 i had no idea . 
 he does n't seem like that much of a dick . '' 
 sebastian laughed . 
 `` he 's fine , most of the time , although to be honest , a bunch of us did n't want to accept his application . 
 we like to recruit people on their merits , not their bloodline , but his dad was a member before him , and he desperately wanted his son to follow in his footsteps . 
 i think it was one of those old money tradition things . 
 anyway , he pulled some strings and had enough friends that eventually he got his way . 
 keep that to yourself , though . '' 
 `` yeah , sure . 
 i guess since my family has all the eminence of a mcnugget happy meal , i 'll have to go the hard working route . '' 
 his expression lost a little of its playfulness . 
 `` let 's cross that bridge if we get there , hey ? '' 
 i was n't really sure if i was being serious , but the idea seemed to distress him , so i decided to drop it . 
 the next few days took on a strangely comfortable quality . 
 if you ignored the nightmarish backdrop , sebastian and i almost looked like an ordinary , wholesome , professional couple . 
 each day we 'd race through a quick breakfast together before heading to our respective offices . 
 we 'd slave away for ten hours or so , occasionally calling each other to whisper sweet nothings , before returning home and spending a few hours in front of the tv or making love , and then collapsing into bed and doing it all again . 
 i 'd never really pictured myself being in a long term relationship , but if i had , that was basically how it would have gone . 
 only the occasional harried expression on sebastian 's face and the presence of our little security team managed to shatter the illusion of normality . 
 of course , things were far from fixed . 
 work was a welcome distraction , but it did n't quite temper the edginess that i seemed to carry around with me permanently , now . 
 in fact , if anything , it made it worse . 
 logically , i knew that nothing was likely to happen . 
 my building was swarming with people until well past dinner time every night , and my bodyguards met me just feet from the front door . 
 someone would have to be incredibly bold or incredibly stupid to try anything there . 
 but , nonetheless , i could n't shake the sensation that i was constantly being watched . 
 it made me jumpy and agitated . 
 sebastian seemed to recognise that i was struggling , because he was really putting in a ton of effort . 
 between the sexy texts and cute little gifts he had delivered to my office - i 'm not afraid to admit that i 'm a sucker for a bunch of red roses - i was actually feeling rather spoilt . 
 and then he delivered the coup de grace . 
 on saturday , i arrived at home to find a note on the kitchen counter . 
 despite the fact that there was nobody else living there , he 'd addressed it like all the others . 
 sophia . 
 unlike his last letter , this one sent a wave of excitement shooting though me . 
 he was back to his old tricks . 
 with eager fingers , i unfolded it . 
 dear sophia . 
 i may be a little later than normal tonight . 
 hopefully you can excuse me . 
 i know things have been a little difficult lately , so i 've decided we need a nice romantic night together . 
 i 'd like you to set up a few things for me before i get home . 
 in the freezer you 'll find a bag of ice . 
 take it into the bedroom and fill the bucket that 's on the dresser . 
 there 's a bottle of champagne next to it which i 'd like you to chill . 
 in the bedroom you 'll also find a box of matches and several candles . 
 there 's nothing like a little mood lighting . 
 light them and scatter them around the room . 
 finally , on the bed is an item i believe you will remember fondly . 
 after you 've removed everything else you 're wearing , put it on and then wait for me on the bed lying face down . 
 i 'll see you soon . 
 - s i found myself biting my lip as i read , my skin already prickling with heat . 
 the scene he described was basically the epitome of romance , but the heavy , commanding tone with which he wrote was unmistakable . 
 there was more afoot here than was immediately obvious . 
 it had been a while since one of his letters , long enough to make me heady with anticipation . 
 after ducking quickly to the freezer , i made a beeline for the bedroom , already suspecting that i knew what i 'd find . 
 i was n't let down . 
 if i 'd had any doubts that tonight would be more kinky than our recent sessions , they vanished the moment my eyes fell on the bed . 
 lying on the quilt was the blindfold sebastian had originally left for me in the hotel several months ago . 
 just thinking about that night sent something warm surging between my legs . 
 the sting of his hand , the bite of the rope ; that had been the night when everything changed . 
 i 'd gone in one woman and come out another . 
 placing the champagne inside the bucket i buried it in ice , then lit the candles and dimmed the light . 
 i had to admit , the scene did look incredibly romantic . 
 after stripping , i knelt on the bed and wrapped the black silk around my head , knotting it firmly at the back . 
 last time i 'd been hesitant , even a little frightened , but now could barely contain my excitement . 
 sebastian had taught me well the pleasure of sensory deprivation . 
 for a while i lay , enjoying the silence as anticipation rose inside me . 
 i knew the wait was part of the experience . 
 my wandering mind was winding me up as effectively as any foreplay . 
 would it be another spanking ? 
 more restraint ? 
 or did he have other tricks up his sleeve ? 
 it could have been fifteen minutes or an hour , i 'm not sure , but eventually , i heard the tell-tale click of the front door unlocking . 
 my body tensed . 
 i assumed he 'd come straight to me , but everything remained silent . 
 i realised i 'd left the bedroom door open and the floors here were carpeted , meaning i 'd have no indication when he finally arrived . 
 he could have been in the room at that very moment . 
 i squirmed a little , as some strange amalgamation of discomfort and desire lodged itself in my stomach . 
 that was one of my favourite parts of discovering my submissive side ; the realisation that other emotions besides arousal could be a turn on too . 
 i felt more in tune with myself than ever before . 
 it does n't matter if he 's here yet or not . 
 he told me to wait , and so wait i will . 
 he 'll come when he 's ready . 
 i held my position . 
 chapter nine sebastian she flinched a little when i entered , although i had n't made a sound . 
 perhaps some subtle shift in the air had given me away . 
 or perhaps she simply knew me too well . 
 regardless , she continued to lie still and silent . 
 i had no idea how she 'd become such an amazing sub in such a short time . 
 we had n't delved into anything too kinky for a while , but seeing her like that made me desperate to do it more . 
 there 's something so erotic about coming home to a girl presenting herself for you , exactly as you instructed . 
 she 'd followed my directions to the letter : the champagne was chilling , the candles were lit , and the blindfold was in place . 
 i spent a few moments just taking in the sight of her . 
 she was absolutely stunning ; her hair was splayed out across her back like a chestnut river , her creamy skin bathed in candle light . 
 i 'd never seen a woman with a more gorgeous figure ; perfectly proportioned curves but not an ounce more fat than necessary . 
 just being near her naked body had my blood rushing in my veins . 
 she did n't even jump when i spoke . 
 `` well , is n't this romantic . '' 
 she gave a little laugh . 
 `` is it ? 
 you 'll have to fill me in . 
 i 'm having a little trouble seeing right now . '' 
 it was funny , although my comment had been fairly innocuous , there was something different about her voice . 
 it was softer , more compliant . 
 the change occurred whenever we made love , whether there was kink involved or not . 
 i do n't even think she realised it was happening , as though she simply slipped from one persona to the other , automatically . 
 i was amazed she 'd never realised her predilection before . 
 she was a natural . 
 i walked over and dragged a hand gently down her back . 
 so soft , like stroking silk . 
 she trembled a little , but otherwise did n't move . 
 `` i have something special planned tonight , '' i said . 
 `` something new . '' 
 `` i suspected as much , '' she replied . 
 `` i do n't suppose you 're going to tell me what it is , though ? '' 
 i chuckled . 
 `` now where would be the fun in that ? '' 
 i moved over to the dresser and withdrew a bottle i 'd stashed there earlier . 
 `` have i told you how gorgeous you are today ? '' 
 i asked . 
 her lips quirked up . 
 `` not in at least ten hours . '' 
 `` then i have been remiss , '' i replied , moving closer . 
 `` i have to admit , i 've been thinking about this all day . 
 i could barely wait to get my hands on this body again . '' 
 `` your hands have been on this body a lot lately . '' 
 i slipped onto the bed and straddled her legs . 
 `` not like this , '' i replied , popping the cap and squeezing a large drop of massage oil onto her back . 
 she twitched and let out a little noise of surprise , but it quickly morphed into a groan as my hands began to work across her skin . 
 `` god , a girl could get used to this after work . '' 
 she was n't the only one enjoying herself . 
 the sight of her skin , slick and shining , was like a shot of testosterone straight to my veins , and she felt magnificent between my fingers . 
 i kneaded my way slowly up and down her back , paying attention to each individual muscle . 
 in my younger days , in a spontaneous attempt to impress a woman , i 'd taken a massage class , and while i was a little rusty , with a little trial and error i found the sort of pressure and pace sophia liked . 
 more than a few areas felt tight , so i spent extra time on them , enjoying the sensation of her gradually melting beneath me . 
 the lower i moved down her body , the deeper her noises became , the mood gradually shifting from sensual to sexual . 
 applying more oil i began working the firm globes of her ass slowly , occasionally dipping close to her sex but taking pains not to actually make contact . 
 she shifted , letting out several little whimpers , but did n't voice any objection . 
 seeing that restraint got me so ridiculously hard . 
 only a month ago , she 'd already be begging for me to touch her there . 
 she 'd beg eventually , i 'd make sure of it , but the fact that she held back now showed how far her self-control had come . 
 i had no doubt that she knew there was more to the evening than a simple massage - we 'd been together long enough for my surprises to be truly unexpected anymore - but i was still looking forward to what came next . 
 i love that sense of unpredictability , of taking my partner into unknown territory . 
 the uncertainty of it heightens everything . 
 i could almost feel the anticipation vibrating through her body . 
 `` you have magic hands , '' she said , when i finally pulled them away . 
 `` i 'm glad you enjoyed the warm up . '' 
 she paused . 
 `` warm up for what ? '' 
 her voice was breathy , with the barest current of trepidation flowing through it . 
 so fucking sexy . 
 rather than answer , i leaned across to the side table and scooped up one of the candles . 
 `` do you trust me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 there was no hesitation this time . 
 `` yes . '' 
 after everything that had happened in the last few weeks , it was amazing to hear such certainty . 
 i had no idea where she found the strength to forgive me , let alone trust me again . 
 that trust was the most important thing in the world to me now , and i 'd die before i breached it again . 
 `` good . 
 i want you to extend your arms and press your palms against the headboard . 
 i 'm not going to bind you this time . 
 it will be up to you to restrain yourself . 
 if your hands move before i say so , there will be consequences . 
 understand ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` okay , this will be hot . '' 
 and before she had a chance to speak , i tilted the candle slightly , sending a small glob of wax tumbling onto the small of her back . 
 her body arched and she let out a short cry . 
 `` too hot ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she assessed for a few seconds . 
 `` no , just unexpected . '' 
 she let out a little laugh . 
 `` is that wax ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i was wracking my brains trying to work out what you might do , but i did n't even consider the candles . '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` that was the plan . '' 
 `` well , it feels good , '' she said , as i poured again . 
 gradually , i worked my way across her body , varying the height and size of the drops to create different temperatures . 
 there was something so artful about the act of covering her like that , the redness of the wax in stark contrast to the whiteness of her flesh . 
 and the way she reacted , the little sighs and tremors that passed through her as the liquid hardened against her skin , had me aroused nearly to the point of pain . 
 at the angle she was lying , i could see the lips of her pussy , nestled tantalisingly between those perfect cheeks , and in my head i was already playing through what it would be like when i was finally inside her . 
 that divine warmth and maddening softness , the way her body would tremble and her voice would break as i took her , forcing her towards climax . 
 i began using my free hand to shape the wax , dragging my fingers through it , enjoying the heat and the sensation of her skin . 
 she seemed to like that a lot . 
 soon , the whole bottom half of her back was a vibrant haphazard crosshatching of crimson . 
 `` you must be making quite a mess back there , '' she said . 
 `` you look beautiful , '' i replied . 
 `` but we 're just getting started . '' 
 setting the candle down and climbing free of her , i stepped over to the dresser and scooped up the champagne holder . 
 now that she was clued in to the game , she understood almost immediately . 
 `` oh god , '' she said , as i straddled her once more . 
 leaning down , i brushed a kiss softly against the back of her neck while reaching into the bucket . 
 `` now this , this will be cold . '' 
 she was trembling before i even touched her , but that first moment was like electricity , her body convulsing as i pressed the ice cube against her . 
 watching intensely for any sign of real discomfort , i began to trace the cube down her spine . 
 she continued to wriggle , her breath hitching , but the noises slipping from her mouth were those of pleasure . 
 being a dom is always a bit like walking a tight rope ; you 're constantly pushing your partner 's limits , trying new things , and it can be incredibly easy to accidentally slip across the murky line between enjoyment and genuine distress . 
 temperature play , in particular , is a sensitive activity , but sophia appeared to be loving it . 
 the ice melted quickly , her body still radiating residual heat , so i took another piece and repeated the path , this time trailing my tongue behind on her chilled skin . 
 she let out a long sigh . 
 `` you like that ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` the contrast is amazing . 
 keep going . '' 
 and so i did , slowly traversing the still clean portions of her body , savouring the taste of her , the texture of her skin , the feminine scent that filled my nostrils until she dominated my senses . 
 `` let 's try both together , '' i said . 
 her sounds grew louder as i began to alternate hot and cold , stroking with ice then chasing with wax . 
 when the cube was nearly melted down i let it sit in place and tipped the candle directly over it , sending a stream of icy water swirled with crimson heat flowing down her side . 
 now that she was in the zone , it was time for the main event . 
 stashing the candle again i took another cube , this time focusing on her ass . 
 slowly i circled each cheek , making no effort to ease the chill . 
 the skin down there is more sensitive , and she shivered and twitched at my touch . 
 soon her entire ass was slick and goose pimpled . 
 `` should i go lower ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yes , '' she breathed . 
 she inhaled sharply as i slipped my hand between her cheeks , rolling the tiny nub of ice softly around the puckered rosette inside . 
 `` jesus christ . '' 
 `` i still want to fuck you here you know , '' i said , slipping one chilled finger just half an inch inside her , drawing a short gasp from her lips . 
 `` maybe tonight ? '' 
 i left the question hanging in the air . 
 i already knew it would n't be now . 
 i 'd have her there eventually - i intended to have all of her , everything she could give - but not tonight . 
 of course , that did n't mean i could n't plant the seed , make her wonder . 
 i slipped the ice lower still . 
 parting her legs , i stroked it gently across her inner thighs , gradually working my way towards her pussy . 
 she was incredibly turned on by this point . 
 the scent of her excitement filled the air , and her lips were glistening despite the fact that i 'd yet to use the ice there . 
 i desperately wanted to slip my finger into that softness , to bury my tongue in it and lick her until she could n't even speak , but i restrained myself . 
 i found the act of forcing self-control extremely exciting . 
 waiting now meant more pleasure for both of us later . 
 that said , i 'd never found waiting so difficult as when i had her in front of me . 
 every time my hand drifted closer to her sex , her hips bucked a little more wildly . 
 `` do you want me to touch you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yes , '' she replied , no longer making any effort to disguise the desire in her voice . 
 `` you 'll have to do better than that . '' 
 `` please , sebastian , please touch my clit . '' 
 i poised my hand above the entrance to her sex , my fingers splayed around it , the ice pressed just above her entrance . 
 i love the rush of power i feel at moments like that . 
 for me , kink has never been about the pain or the taboo , it 's about power and intimacy . 
 this beautiful woman had given herself over to me . 
 she 'd put her pleasure entirely in my hands . 
 nothing is more intimate than that . 
 `` you have done very well , '' i said , brushing the ice ever so gently along her slit . 
 `` but there 's one more thing i want to do first . '' 
 she let out a groan of disappointment , but it quickly cut off as i began cupping and kneading her ass . 
 god , it was so firm , so perfect . 
 i could have played with just that part of her for hours . 
 but i did n't want to lose the effect of what i 'd just done . 
 her skin was still icy and wet , and it made a delicious cracking noise as i slapped my palm gently against it . 
 instantly her body tensed . 
 she knew what that symbolised , and although i 'd spanked her once before , it was some time ago . 
 i did n't blame her for being a little fearful . 
 `` but i kept my hands exactly where you told me to ! '' 
 she said . 
 i laughed . 
 there was still plenty of vanilla in her . 
 `` i know . 
 this is n't a punishment . 
 it 's a reward . '' 
 i leaned in close , stroking her skin tenderly . 
 `` remember how much you enjoyed being spanked last time ? 
 remember how wet it made you ? '' 
 she swallowed loudly , her cheeks flushing pink , but after a few seconds she nodded . 
 `` good . 
 you can lift up your hands now and get onto your knees . '' 
 she did as i asked , the smallest tremor evident in her movements . 
 sliding in next to her , i wrapped my hands around her hips and lifted her over my lap until she lay , bent over my knees , across the bed . 
 i took a moment to admire her in that position . 
 i could feel the heat of her arousal radiating onto my thigh . 
 she was so sexy and so strong , yet she allowed herself to be so vulnerable . 
 it was one of the most erotic things i 'd ever seen . 
 `` wonderful . 
 are you ready ? '' 
 she drew a long breath , then nodded . 
 `` say it . '' 
 `` i 'm ready to be spanked . '' 
 it was barely more than a whisper . 
 those words were music to my ears . 
 `` okay . '' 
 and without further ado , i pulled my hand away and brought it whipping back against her left cheek . 
 the crack was much louder this time , ringing throughout the room . 
 she bit back a cry . 
 `` it will sting more this time because of the cold , '' i told her , pausing to admire the small red circle that was blooming on her skin . 
 `` that 's part of the fun of temperature play , it sets all your nerves into overdrive . '' 
 i started softly , easing her into it , alternating from side to side and soothing each cheek with a gentle rub before continuing . 
 i kept my pace uneven , never pausing the same amount of times between blows , never allowing her to develop a rhythm . 
 with the blindfold on , she was constantly guessing . 
 her body flinched with every blow , her breath coming short and sharp , but the pitch of her cries and the quirk of her mouth told me all i needed to know . 
 `` are you enjoying that ? '' 
 i asked , landing a slightly harder slap . 
 `` yes , '' she replied , her voice thick with lust . 
 `` shall i smack you harder ? '' 
 she nodded quickly , now utterly shameless . 
 my next blow was stronger , and she yelped as it landed , driving her crotch into my leg and sending a pulse of pleasure shooting through my own body as she pressed against my cock . 
 i sped up , losing myself in the moment . 
 with every blow she grew more excited , and that in turn stoked my own arousal . 
 there 's something intoxicating about the connection i feel during a scene like that . 
 the trust , the sensuality , the vortex of sensations ; it 's a potent cocktail . 
 soon , her entire ass was rosy and glowing . 
 i paused , parting her cheeks with my hand , mesmerised by the wetness between . 
 unable to resist , i punctuated my next smack by slipping a finger from my free hand inside her . 
 she let out a long moan , a sound of pure animal pleasure , as all her muscles clenched tight around me . 
 `` christ , look how turned on you are , '' i said . 
 she writhed beneath me as i explored her , revelling in the way her body hummed as i stroked her g-spot . 
 i 'd been with a lot of other women , but none looked so perfectly alluring in their pleasure as she did . 
 something about her just sent all of my blood rushing south . 
 slipping my finger free , i left it poised against her entrance , and then smacked her again . 
 `` do you think i should keep going ? '' 
 `` please , '' she replied , sounding almost pained . 
 stroking the outside of her sex softly , i leaned down close to her head , planting a slow kiss below her ear , letting her answer hang in the air just long enough to make her unsure . 
 then , when the quick little breaths falling from her lips reached fever pitch , i whispered in her ear , `` okay , '' and plunged back in . 
 her whole body stiffened as i found that soft pad once more , savouring the way each tiny touch echoed through her . 
 at the same time , i resumed spanking , trying to weave that pain in time with her pleasure . 
 the combination was nearly too much for her . 
 in less than a minute her cries reached their crescendo . 
 `` are you ready to come for me ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 `` oh god , yes ! '' 
 `` then do it . '' 
 and a few seconds later , her whole body stiffened . 
 the sight of her , those trembling muscles and that perfectly flushed skin , was nearly enough to make me come too . 
 i never tired of doing that to her . 
 i could have watched her come all day . 
 when the room was finally quiet again , save for her little sighs of satisfaction , i lifted her off my knees and onto the bed and reached for my belt . 
 the time for restraint was over . 
 in a matter of seconds i was naked and straddling her prone form . 
 she said nothing , simply arching her ass up towards me and propping herself up on her elbows . 
 so perfectly ready and willing . 
 i paused a moment , to take her in , stroking my cock back and forward between her cheeks . 
 the vibrant red of her skin had dulled now to a soft glow , although she still flinched a little at my touch . 
 a long moan escaped my lips as i pushed my way into her , her body welcoming me with a familiarity that set all my nerves tingling . 
 she was incredibly wet from our games before , and i was able to bury most of my length in a single stroke . 
 `` i swear you get bigger every time , '' she said , her voice low . 
 i responded by seizing her hips and pushing myself in further still , until i was pressed up against her . 
 i started slow , giving her time to adjust , relishing her slickness and warmth . 
 our bodies quickly fell into sync , hers bucking gently beneath me , pressing upwards in time with my rhythm . 
 each stroke was almost torturous . 
 nothing had ever felt as good as she did . 
 soon , that exquisite softness became too much . 
 i longed to let go . 
 `` put your arms behind your back , '' i said . 
 she did as i 'd asked , resting her head on the pillow in front . 
 somehow , that position made her look even hotter , the subtle angle of her back making her ass look good enough to eat . 
 crossing her wrists and pinning them behind her with one hand , i began to fuck her harder , using her arms as leverage to drive her against me . 
 her body was completely mine now , and the volume of her cries instantly increased . 
 there was no doubt she loved being rendered so powerless as much as i loved rendering her so . 
 the wax on her back had hardened , and with every punishing thrust , little flakes broke off and drifted down onto the bed . 
 i forced myself into her with a single minded urgency , as though by pushing deeper i could claim just a little more of her . 
 there was nothing else in the world at that moment but her body beneath mine . 
 her muscles tightened and her sounds became choked , and then another orgasm ripped through her . 
 then sensation of having her come around my cock drove me wild . 
 i could feel every trembling contraction vibrate through her and into me . 
 it was too much . 
 i felt the vestiges of my self-control shatter along with her . 
 a mounting tension began building inside me as my hips took on a life of their own . 
 it started low in my balls , radiating upwards and through my shaft then spiralling out further still . 
 `` i 'm going to come on you , sophia , '' i panted , savouring the little sounds of encouragement the spilt from her lips . 
 as my pleasure reached its apex , i pulled myself free . 
 there was a bursting sensation and my vision dimmed as i spurted liquid heat onto her back . 
 seeing her like that , coated in wax and water and me , was the perfect conclusion to the night 's activities . 
 it was so fucking hot seeing her marked in that way . 
 `` well now i know you 've made a mess back there , '' she said . 
 i laughed . 
 `` i may have . 
 let me fix that . '' 
 i went to get a towel and took my time wiping her clean . 
 thanks to the oil , everything fell away easily . 
 `` fuck , i love you , '' she said , as we lay there afterwards . 
 `` that 's the post coital hormones talking . '' 
 `` maybe , '' she said with a grin , `` but it 's still true . '' 
 `` well , i love you too . '' 
 i reached out and gave her ass a squeeze . 
 `` particularly certain parts of you . '' 
 she punched me playfully . 
 `` now who 's talking with their hormones ? '' 
 we snuggled together for a while , enjoying the comedown . 
 gradually , her breathing softened , and i assumed she 'd fallen asleep , but then she spoke . 
 `` i ca n't wait until this is all over . '' 
 `` me too , '' i said , running a hand through her hair . 
 `` i know this is rough , but you 're dealing with it really well . 
 i 'm proud of you . 
 and i 'm so damn lucky you 're putting up with it at all . '' 
 `` you are rather lucky . '' 
 she opened her eyes and gazed up at me , a playful little smile playing on her lips . 
 `` then again , so am i. '' she let out a little sigh . 
 `` i 'm just not much of a homebody , you know ? 
 before all of this , if i was n't at work in the evenings , i was out with ruth and lou , or elle , or you . 
 i ca n't wait to have that again . 
 i want to be able to go out to dinner with you on my arm and watch all the other women in the place drool . '' 
 `` if that 's the case i dare say we 'll be rendering the whole place incapacitated . 
 you obviously do n't see how most men look at you . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` perhaps in the interests of public safety we 'd better stay here , forever , then . '' 
 `` perhaps . '' 
 some of my mirth slid away . 
 `` it wo n't always be like this , sophia . 
 we 'll fix this , eventually . '' 
 `` i know , '' she replied , but there was a hint of sadness in her voice . 
 i wished i could reassure her , but the truth was , i was n't sure myself . 
 chapter ten sebastian thomas intercepted me the next morning , as i was arriving at the house . 
 `` can i have a word ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he looked concerned . 
 i motioned him towards my office . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 i asked , as he closed the door . 
 `` i heard something last night from one of our guys overseas . 
 it 's just a rumour , nothing concrete , but word on the street is that the syndicate might be planning something big . '' 
 my eyes widened . 
 the syndicate were one of the closest things we had to a rival . 
 they were less tightly knit than us , more of a financial conglomerate than anything else , but that only made them more ruthless . 
 russia , china , saudi arabia - anywhere with big oil or natural gas production - those were their strongholds . 
 we 'd had an uneasy peace with them for decades , mostly because butting heads would cause both of us immense damage ; but it certainly was n't beyond the realm of possibility that they were behind the recent attacks . 
 `` any idea what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 thomas shook his head . 
 `` it 's just whispers at this point . 
 it may not even be connected to all of this . '' 
 `` you do n't sound like you believe that . '' 
 he smiled thinly . 
 `` you know me . 
 i do n't like coincidences . '' 
 `` me either . 
 i ca n't see an end game in it for them , though , '' i said . 
 `` we 're not remotely close to any of their power bases . 
 even if they did manage to somehow destroy us all down here , it would n't make any difference to their operations . 
 if they were going to make a play , i 'd expect them to go after europe or america , not us . '' 
 `` maybe they 're just sending a message ? '' 
 `` maybe , '' i replied , although that did n't feel quite right . 
 these attacks felt targeted and meticulous . 
 `` if it is them , they 've certainly upped their game . 
 they 're not exactly the most subtle group , but the people messing with us right now are like ghosts . 
 they 're always one step ahead . '' 
 thomas nodded . 
 `` that 's been bothering me too . '' 
 `` well , keep your ear to the ground . 
 maybe they 'll slip up and give themselves away . 
 we could use a gift like that , right now . 
 this whole situation is really starting to wear on me . 
 not to mention the toll it 's taking on sophia . '' 
 my discussion with her had been on my mind all day . 
 i desperately wanted her to be happy , and would have liked nothing more than to spend our nights out on the town , but that was a spectacular way to leave us both exposed . 
 leaving her alone at work was bad enough , but at least her office had door scanners and security guards and a thousand sets of watchful eyes . 
 bars and restaurants were a different story . 
 they were n't contained , they were n't a known quantity . 
 even with our little rag tag security team , there were a million things that could go wrong . 
 but as the afternoon rolled around , i was struck by an idea . 
 i tracked down tony and aaron , and organised for them to just go straight back to the house . 
 tonight , i 'd be playing chauffeur . 
 a few hours later , i was waiting on the footpath outside sophia 's office . 
 as she exited the building and caught sight of me , her face lit up with a curious smile . 
 `` hey you , '' she said . 
 `` hey yourself . '' 
 `` to what do i owe this pleasure ? '' 
 i grinned and held up the bag i was carrying . 
 `` i thought maybe we could have a little dinner party in your office . 
 just because we ca n't go to a restaurant does n't mean we ca n't eat out . '' 
 `` oooh , my office . 
 how exotic ! '' 
 her voice was sarcastic , but her smile only widened . 
 `` well , we do n't have to ... '' i replied , trying my best to sound put out . 
 she laughed . 
 `` i 'm kidding . 
 that 's very sweet of you . 
 and good timing . 
 i 'm starving . '' 
 i followed sophia back inside , drawing a few strange looks from her colleagues , but we made it to the office without any awkward questions . 
 `` it 's still kind of early , '' she said , as i closed the door . 
 `` what happens if my boss decides to pop round for a chat ? '' 
 `` then i will politely ask him to leave . '' 
 `` he might not appreciate that . '' 
 `` well i might not appreciate him interrupting our date . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` i suspect you may just win that encounter . '' 
 i reached into the bag and cracked open a container . 
 the room instantly filled with the smell of peanuts and garlic . 
 `` i hope thai is okay . '' 
 she made an appreciative noise . 
 `` thai is more than okay . '' 
 `` and the coup de grace , '' i said , pulling out the bottle of wine i 'd brought . 
 she clapped . 
 `` you know me too well . '' 
 `` only plastic cups i 'm afraid . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she replied , with mock haughtiness . 
 `` this is an outrage ! '' 
 we settled in , passing containers back and forth and shovelling food into our mouths with those thin , store provided chopsticks . 
 we were ravenous , and within just a few minutes we 'd both managed to drip sauce down the fronts of our clothes , but all it did was make us laugh . 
 there was something so comfortable about this sort of sharing . 
 i 'd eaten at a lot of fancy restaurants in my day , and while they had their charms , none of them compared to this . 
 this was a level of affection and intimacy i assumed i 'd never have , but by some miracle of god or fate , or whatever you want to call it , i 'd found a woman who seemed to be willing to take all of my baggage on board . 
 and amazingly , with our lives currently wrapped up in conspiracy and danger , we could still share moments like these . 
 `` thank you for this , '' she said , as we were taking a breather . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` it 's no mi casa . '' 
 she reached out to give my hand a little squeeze . 
 `` maybe not , but it 's perfect anyway . '' 
 and she was right . 
 it was a little sad , heading back to our makeshift fortress , but that could n't erase the joy of the evening . 
 sophia 's eyes were sparkling more than any time since before she was taken , and that alone made me incredibly happy . 
 she had such life in her , and at times i was terrified the situation would crush that to dust . 
 it was dark by the time we pulled into the driveway , but i could still see the silhouettes of one of our guards sitting in his car on the grass to one side . 
 the other would be around the back . 
 it was encouraging to see that , even when we were n't home and they had every opportunity to slack off , they did n't . 
 they were true professionals . 
 i parked the car and we hopped out . 
 thumbing the door scanner , i opened it and ushered sophia inside . 
 `` home sweet home , '' she said . 
 i followed her , my eyes shamelessly glued to her ass . 
 she turned her head and caught me . 
 `` and what are you looking at ? '' 
 `` you , '' i replied . 
 `` or rather , a specific part of you . '' 
 i gave her a gentle little smack . 
 `` what ever happened to look but do n't touch ? '' 
 she asked coyly . 
 `` i plan on doing a lot more than touching . '' 
 i reached up to slip my jacket off , and then everything happened at once . 
 there was a light , scraping sound from somewhere to our left . 
 it was barely more than a whisper , a shoe catching a piece of furniture maybe , but my body had been on twenty four hour alert since this all started , so it was enough to set adrenaline exploding through my veins . 
 if i had n't already been removing my suit , i would n't have got there in time , but my gun was holstered in a shoulder strap that hung just below my armpit . 
 as the two men appeared in the kitchen doorway , their own weapons pointed in our direction , i was already moving . 
 my hand closed around my pistol grip as i lurched to one side , instinctively throwing myself in front of sophia , knocking her into the room behind us . 
 the air was suddenly thick with hot lead and the scent of gunpowder . 
 the first man missed his mark entirely , his bullets zinging into the plaster around me , and he paid the price as my first shot took him in the chest . 
 however the next man was better . 
 as his partner collapsed he took careful aim and fired a single round . 
 i felt the wind of it plough past me as i threw myself behind the lounge room wall . 
 two inches to the left and i 'd have been done . 
 i landed awkwardly and scuttled up into a crouch , then spun to check on sophia . 
 she looked over at me from the other side of the doorway , her face a mask of terror . 
 i did my best to seem calm and collected , but blood was pounding in my ears . 
 it had been a long time since i 'd been in a real combat situation . 
 i 'd forgotten how sharp everything gets , how your heart feels like a fist pummelling the inside of your chest . 
 at any moment tony and aaron should have been bursting in through the doors , drawn by the sound of gunfire . 
 but everything remained ominously silent . 
 after a few seconds , i knew we were on our own . 
 i did n't understand how everything had gone so horribly wrong , but now was n't the time to think . 
 now was a time for action . 
 with every passing second , the situation grew more dangerous . 
 our opponent had gone quiet now . 
 probably holing up , to wait us out . 
 he had a good position and a tiny space to watch . 
 the moment i peeked out , i 'd be done . 
 if i 'd been alone , i could have simply looped around behind him through the lounge room 's other doorway , but sophia was essentially trapped in the corner . 
 she could n't go anywhere without exposing herself , which meant neither could i. i 'd die before i left her alone . 
 i wracked my brains for some kind of plan , but nothing came . 
 it would have to be a straight shoot out . 
 that was the only way . 
 he 'd hit me , but maybe it would n't be lethal , maybe i 'd still be able to take him out before i collapsed . 
 i might not make it , but sophia would . 
 she was still staring at me with those wide , beautiful eyes , her handbag clutched against her chest like a baby . 
 i nodded reassuringly at her , trying to etch every line of that perfect face into my mind , then i crept to the edge of the doorway . 
 she gasped as she realised what i was about to do , but i silenced her with a raised finger against my lips . 
 there was no other option . 
 taking a deep breath , i counted to three and then launched myself out across the doorway , the barrel of my pistol panning wildly for a target . 
 i expected to hear gunfire . 
 i expected to feel that hot metal sting as he calmly picked me off from his perfect vantage . 
 but instead , nothing happened . 
 the room across the hall was empty . 
 for a second i was confused , but then panic seized me , and everything suddenly seemed to slip into slow motion as i realised what had happened . 
 i turned my head , catching sight of the man 's profile in the lounge room 's other doorway as he carefully took aim at me . 
 i 'd underestimated him . 
 he had n't been content to wait it out . 
 instead he was the one who 'd looped around behind . 
 my gun was still pointed the other way . 
 i tried desperately to bring it around , but my arm felt leaden and impossibly heavy , like i was dragging it through thick mud . 
 his finger twitched toward the trigger . 
 i was n't going to make it . 
 and then , when he was surely just milliseconds from firing , a percussion of loud cracks rang out from the corner of the room . 
 plaster floured the air , and the man 's expression went loose . 
 as the red punctures on his chest began to blossom out across his shirt , his legs caved underneath him , and he fell limply to the floor . 
 for several moments , all i could do was stare . 
 i 'd been resigned . 
 in my head , we were already dead , and it took a while for me to understand that that was n't the case . 
 i turned slowly to sophia . 
 the gun i 'd given her was still trembling in her hands . 
 every part of her was shaking in fact . 
 she 'd emptied the entire clip , only hitting him twice , but that was all it had taken . 
 the pistol dropped to the floor . 
 `` he was going to shoot you , '' she said woodenly . 
 that jolted me back to reality . 
 glancing over at each body once more to check for movement , i stumbled over and wrapped her in my arms . 
 `` i know . 
 i know . 
 you had no choice . '' 
 she nodded slowly , although her eyes were still distant . 
 she was the strongest woman i 'd ever met , but killing is something you can never be prepared for . 
 it changes you . 
 i could n't believe i 'd put her in that position . 
 i pulled her against me tightly , stroking her hair . 
 she was in shock , and really needed time to recover , but that was n't a luxury we had yet . 
 for now i had to comfort her enough so we could move . 
 the fight felt like it had taken hours , but i knew from experience it was probably only about fifteen seconds . 
 still , we had to leave . 
 there was a good chance that even through the solid walls someone had heard the shots . 
 the police would likely be on the way , and spending several hours clearing up the mess would only serve to leave us more exposed . 
 then of course there were our assassins to consider . 
 things had just gone up to a whole new level , and i doubted that whoever was responsible would suddenly back down just because they 'd lost this fight . 
 more men could be on their way . 
 we had to get somewhere safe . 
 `` sophia , look at me . 
 we need to move now , okay ? '' 
 she turned slowly and stared for several seconds , before eventually blinking several times and nodding . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'm okay . 
 let 's go . '' 
 after scooping up our two weapons , as well as those of our assailants , i led her into the study . 
 `` just getting some supplies , '' i said , removing my emergency duffel from the bottom of the cupboard . 
 she did n't reply . 
 unzipping the bag i surveyed the contents ; two changes of clothes for each of us , cash , phones , passports , and a laptop computer . 
 i 'd hoped to god we would n't have any cause to run , but i 'd been prepared nonetheless . 
 i withdrew one of the phones and powered it on . 
 it was a cheap , prepaid model , bought from a convenience store . 
 in other words , it was utterly untraceable to me . 
 i guided sophia back towards the front door , pausing briefly to snap pictures of the two men . 
 even as my brain struggled to process what had just happened , the logical part of my mind was still firing on some level . 
 we could n't stay , so i had to collect whatever evidence i could . 
 the air outside was warm and heavy . 
 raising my gun , i scanned the yard slowly , searching for any further danger . 
 it was unlikely - it made more sense for our enemies to just stay together and ensure the job got done - but i was n't taking any risks . 
 the garden appeared to be empty . 
 i started moving towards the gate with sophia in tow . 
 i could see how hard she was trying . 
 the expression on her face was constantly shifting from frightened confusion to grim determination as she battled to keep her emotions in check . 
 as we passed the security guys ' car , i could n't help but glance over , already knowing what i 'd find . 
 from a distance nothing had looked wrong , but up close , it was tony 's shocked expression that greeted me . 
 he was n't moving . 
 the red misting on his skin was lit up vividly in the moonlight like a poster for a horror film . 
 aaron would be around the back somewhere , in a similar state . 
 i felt a hollowness building inside me , but i shoved it to the back of my mind . 
 not now . 
 sophia followed my gaze , and let out a little cry , but i reached out and seized her chin , pulling her eyes to mine . 
 `` do n't look . '' 
 she trembled a little in my grip , her eyes glistening and impossibly wide . 
 `` do n't look , '' i said again . 
 and after a moment , her expression hardened and she gave a curt nod . 
 `` we 're going to take a taxi , '' i said , as we headed up the street . 
 the house was only a five minute walk from the main road . 
 it would be easy to flag down a cab at this time of night . 
 `` we need to get somewhere private . 
 for all i know , the car is bugged . 
 i need your phone too . '' 
 her brow furrowed slightly , but she pulled it from her purse and handed it over . 
 i threw it , along with my own personal one , into a bush . 
 `` ca n't be too careful . '' 
 i handed her the second prepaid . 
 `` use this instead . 
 i 've got one too . 
 the number is already programmed in . '' 
 to her credit , she simply nodded again . 
 i was partially awed and partially sickened at how quickly she was becoming used to this . 
 as i 'd suspected , a cab was easy to find . 
 i directed the driver towards newtown , towards sophia 's house . 
 that was n't where we were really headed , but i had no idea how many resources our enemies had anymore . 
 i wanted to keep them on their toes . 
 once on king street , we jumped out and hailed another taxi . 
 `` north , '' was all i said to the driver . 
 sophia took my paranoia in stride , sitting and staring out the windows , hugging herself lightly despite the warmth . 
 i did n't know what i could say , so i stayed quiet too . 
 the ocean fanned out in front of us , as we drove out over the harbour bridge , but my mind was racing too fast to appreciate the view . 
 when we arrived at the mini-cbd that is north sydney , i ushered sophia out once more and then , picking a random direction , we began to walk . 
 i figured if i did everything as randomly as possible , it made the chances of someone guessing where we 'd gone almost impossible . 
 two blocks later we found a hotel . 
 it was n't particularly big , nor were the rooms particularly nice . 
 sterile was probably the best word to describe it . 
 cheap furniture , cream coloured linen , and the slightly sickly scent of lemon detergent in the air . 
 people did n't come to this part of town to holiday . 
 they flew in on rushed overnight business trips , their only requirements a clean bed and a well-stocked mini bar . 
 the mere fact that we were a couple checking in together drew a raised eyebrow from the concierge . 
 the moment i closed the door behind us , something seemed to drain out of sophia again . 
 she sat down on the bed and turned to face me . 
 `` i thought you said that place was safe . '' 
 i exhaled slowly . 
 `` i thought it was . 
 nobody should have been able to get in there . '' 
 `` so what does that mean ? '' 
 i could see she already knew the answer . 
 i almost could n't muster the words , words that had been playing in the back of my mind since the moment the fight ended . 
 `` it means you were right , '' i said slowly . 
 `` someone in the group wants us dead . '' 
 despite how obvious it was , hearing myself say it out loud was like a punch to the stomach . 
 one of my brothers had betrayed me . 
 it was inconceivable . 
 sophia closed her eyes briefly , like she 'd just realised how little she wanted to be right this time . 
 `` so what do we do now ? '' 
 i shook my head , a sense of hopelessness clawing at my stomach . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 and it was true . 
 i had no idea what our next move was . 
 without knowing who to trust , i could n't properly use the group 's resources . 
 i was effectively cut off . 
 before , it had been our team against theirs , but now , it was the two of us against the world . 
 she gave a little nod , like she 'd been expecting that , then slipped off her shoes and curled up on the bed . 
 i stood there , staring at this broken woman , feeling so completely ashamed . 
 the signs had been there , but i 'd been too blind to see them , and once again she 'd nearly paid the price . 
 `` can you hold me ? '' 
 she said , after a few seconds . 
 the tremble in her voice was enough to break my heart . 
 hurrying towards her i lay down , looping my arm under her neck to cradle her against me . 
 `` hey , hey , it 's okay . '' 
 she did n't cry , she simply burrowed against me , as if she were trying to disappear beneath my skin . 
 i kissed her forehead softly . 
 `` do n't worry , we 'll work something out . '' 
 i filled my voice with as much confidence as possible . 
 what else could i do ? 
 `` okay . '' 
 we lay there like that for a few minutes , enjoying the security of each other 's presence . 
 despite my calm facade , the night 's events had shaken me . 
 i 'd had a little combat exposure back in the day , but nothing ever makes getting shot at any easier . 
 i knew it would pass , but right now , every nerve in my body felt frayed and agitated . 
 `` we should get some rest , '' i said . 
 `` we can deal with this tomorrow . 
 we 'll think better with a night 's sleep in us . '' 
 `` okay , '' she said again . 
 i leaned down to kiss her goodnight . 
 it was an instinctive gesture . 
 i had n't planned for anything to come of it , but the moment our lips touched , a massive current sizzled between us . 
 the lingering adrenaline from our fight surged in my veins , driving my body against hers as though she might be ripped away from me at any second . 
 she was hesitant for a moment , but then she was kissing me back with equal urgency , a fearful hunger that was heartbreaking and yet utterly beautiful . 
 the air swirled , heady with our need ; the need to feel each other , to affirm we were both here and safe and together . 
 that somehow , we 'd survived . 
 our hands fumbled for each other 's clothes , tearing them free , and i lowered my naked form over hers , sinking into her wet heat . 
 she arched beneath me , drawing a long intoxicated breath as our bodies joined . 
 i pulled her against me , welding her form to mine , desperate to be as close to her as humanly possible . 
 there was nothing sensual or controlled about our lovemaking . 
 it was raw and desperate and devastatingly passionate . 
 there were no words to express the way we both felt in that moment , but our bodies could say what our mouths could not . 
 after the terror of what we 'd just been through , i desperately wanted to feel something good , something pure , and i wanted her to feel the same . 
 we came together , our eyes locked , our muscles quivering in unison . 
 we did n't speak when it was over . 
 we just lay there , bathing in the tender glow that , at least temporarily , kept the darkness at bay . 
 chapter eleven sophia for a few minutes after i woke , i actually felt really good . 
 it was one of those lazy awakenings , where things come to you gradually ; the sun through the window , the warmth of the blanket , the weight and scent of sebastian besides me . 
 soon enough though , everything else made itself known . 
 thinking back over it all , i felt strangely numb about the whole thing . 
 i did n't know if that was normal or not . 
 i 'd killed a man . 
 it seemed like i should have been balled up in a corner somewhere . 
 but i was n't . 
 maybe if i 'd still been living my ordinary life , blissfully ignorant of this world , it would have been different . 
 but given everything that was going on around us , it somehow did n't seem so shocking . 
 he 'd been trying to kill us , and i 'd stopped him . 
 that was all there was to it . 
 i suspected it would come to haunt me , in time , but at that moment , i felt eerily calm . 
 perhaps it was just my body doing what it needed to , to get through this thing . 
 i glanced over at sebastian 's sleeping form , my eyes drinking in the taut coils of his back . 
 it made me feel a little perverted that even now , the first thing i did was check him out , but the memory of our recent love making was blaring like fireworks behind my eyes . 
 i had to admit , being shot at did have its perks . 
 our coupling had never been like that before ; so raw , so desperate . 
 he 'd loved me like he might never get another chance , and my body had responded in kind . 
 he woke a few minutes later and rolled towards me , smiling through sleepy eyes . 
 `` hey . '' 
 `` hey , '' i replied . 
 he leaned in to kiss me , and for a second i thought we might be taken by the same manic combustion that had seized us last night , but i had to settle for a little tingle in my belly instead . 
 the crushing fear that had fuelled us appeared to be all burnt up . 
 `` i 'm starving , '' he said . 
 `` me too . '' 
 he slipped out from under the sheet and walked to the mini-bar . 
 `` well , we can either have snickers for breakfast , or we can venture out . '' 
 `` you think that 's safe ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he shrugged and nodded . 
 `` it 's going to be buzzing out there pretty soon . 
 finding two people in suits will be needle in haystack territory . 
 besides , nobody has any idea where we are . 
 we 're off the grid . '' 
 i glanced out the window . 
 he was right . 
 the streets were already thronging with people . 
 north sydney is the biggest business district outside of the actual cbd , making it a perfect disguise for people dressed like we were . 
 we found a little cafe in a side street and snagged a table in the back corner . 
 we 'd missed the breakfast rush and the place was starting to empty out , so if we talked quietly enough , we had a little privacy . 
 `` so , what 's our plan ? '' 
 i said , when our waitress was out of earshot . 
 she 'd brought coffee , and i could already feel the sweet rush of caffeine wending its way through my brain . 
 i was alert and ready as i was ever going to be to work out our next move . 
 he blinked several times , apparently taken aback by my directness . 
 it was then that i noticed how tired he looked . 
 the little lines that webbed their way out from his eyes were more pronounced than normal and his expression was slightly slack . 
 i suspected he had n't got much rest last night . 
 `` i 'm not entirely sure , '' he said . 
 `` well , let 's work out what we know . 
 we know that someone from alpha sent those men to our house , correct ? '' 
 he closed his eyes briefly and nodded . 
 `` nobody else could have gotten in there , let alone known where it was . '' 
 `` okay , so that gives us something to aim at . '' 
 `` kind of , yeah , '' he replied . 
 `` but whoever it is , they 're smart . 
 when they kidnapped you , we threw everything we could at them , and we came up blank . 
 property ownership , the identity of the thugs they 'd hired , everything . 
 it was like trying to track down a ghost . 
 assuming that they 're still that competent , i doubt we 're going to find them easily . '' 
 i knew this conversation was difficult for him , but there was no way to avoid it . 
 `` well , surely some members are bigger candidates than others ? '' 
 he understood instantly . 
 `` you mean ewan ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` it was pretty clear from the outset that he did n't exactly approve of me . 
 what did you say he called me ? 
 a liability ? 
 if those are n't the words of a man who wants me out of the picture , i do n't know what are . '' 
 his brow furrowed , and he let out a long breath . 
 `` i know he seems like the obvious candidate , but i just ca n't see it . 
 maybe he 'd move against us , maybe , but even that 's a stretch . 
 and charlie and simon ? 
 i 'd bet a million to one he 'd never do that . 
 they were his closest friends . 
 they 'd been in the group together for decades . '' 
 `` people can surprise us in the worst ways , sometimes , '' i said . 
 i could see him trying to make the pieces fit in his head , but eventually he shook his head . 
 `` you did n't see his face , hear his anger when he heard about their deaths . 
 besides , why would he be upset with you for endangering the group if he was also working to destroy it ? '' 
 he had a point . 
 that did n't quite stack up . 
 `` so what about the others ? '' 
 he stared desolately down at the table . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i ca n't really believe it of any of them . 
 the group is a brotherhood , sophia . 
 i 've known them all for years . 
 i ca n't see any of them just turning power hungry all of a sudden . '' 
 `` so that 's what you think it 's all about ? 
 power ? '' 
 `` maybe . 
 none of it really adds up . 
 taking out a few council members , sure , i guess i can see that as part of a larger plan , but then why go after you ? 
 that part still puzzles me . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` me too . '' 
 the waitress arrived with our food , and we ate in thoughtful silence for a few minutes . 
 `` let 's try a different approach , '' i said eventually . 
 `` who knew you were coming to my office last night ? '' 
 his eyes widened a fraction as he realised my implication . 
 `` of course . 
 i missed that . 
 whoever it was must have known we 'd be out late . 
 every other night we arrived separately , and at different times . 
 it would have been a nightmare to coordinate . '' 
 `` exactly . 
 they saw an opportunity , and they jumped on it . '' 
 his expression slipped . 
 `` the only person i told was thomas , '' he said , a current of disbelief running through his voice . 
 `` i 'm not exactly on friendly chatting terms with many people over there right now . 
 but there 's no way he 'd ... he 's my closest friend . '' 
 he closed his eyes momentarily , collecting his thoughts . 
 `` there were other people in the room at the time . 
 we 'd just finished a meeting . 
 i did n't really pay attention to who might be listening in , but plenty of them could have overheard . '' 
 `` so it could be any of them , '' i said . 
 he nodded . 
 `` that does limit it to the inner council only though . 
 there was no one else in the room . '' 
 `` well , that 's something . '' 
 i weighed our options . 
 `` so , we obviously ca n't go back to the house and , i take it from the way you threw away our phones , using the alpha network at all is also off the cards ? '' 
 `` i 'm afraid so . 
 they 'd find us in an instant . '' 
 `` so do we have any options at all ? 
 or are we destined to discard our identities and live out of hotels forever ? '' 
 `` it 's not quite that bleak , '' he replied . 
 `` there 's a few things we can try . 
 i 've got pictures of the men from last night , as well as their weapons . 
 i can send that info off to some of my contacts directly , without going through alpha at all . 
 like i said before , i doubt the bad guys are sloppy enough to leave a trail , but it 's worth a shot . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` also , joe should be on his way back right now , and he might be able to help us . '' 
 i raised an eyebrow . 
 `` i thought we were n't trusting the group right now . '' 
 `` joe is a special case . 
 i 've known him for my entire adult life . 
 he recruited me , for god 's sake . 
 i 'm one hundred percent certain he 's got nothing to do with this . '' 
 the firmness of his tone left no room for argument and , the truth was , i trusted joe too . 
 `` fair enough , '' i said . 
 `` we might be able to use his alpha connection to see if whoever broke into our house left any evidence . 
 theoretically there should be security footage and a thumbprint record . 
 i expect it 's been cleaned up , but you never know . '' 
 `` okay , '' i said again . 
 it seemed like a solid plan , given the circumstances . 
 then i had another idea . 
 `` have you considered just announcing to the group that someone has gone rogue ? 
 maybe you 'll spook the spy and make him do something stupid . '' 
 `` i thought about it . 
 it might work , but it also might also have the opposite effect . 
 if everyone suspects everyone , all sense of order will break down , and the chaos might help our enemy instead of hurt them . 
 that 's not a risk i 'm willing to take unless we have no choice . 
 the group is in enough danger already . '' 
 that made sense . 
 `` alright . '' 
 we finished our food in contemplative silence . 
 `` you know , a tiny part of me is regretting not taking those plane tickets right now , '' i said . 
 he managed a tiny smile . 
 `` i 'm not surprised . 
 the offer 's still open , you know . 
 i got you a passport made up just in case . '' 
 `` ooh , do i have a code name ? '' 
 `` from memory , you 're lucy page . '' 
 i made a face . 
 `` makes me sound like a tv housewife from the fifties . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` in any case , i 'm certainly not going to go lie on any tropical beaches while you 're stuck here , battling evil . 
 you could come with me , though . 
 star crossed lovers fleeing to a foreign land together . 
 it 's kind of romantic . '' 
 he smiled wistfully . 
 `` i wish i could . '' 
 i 'd said it like i was joking , but i 'd be lying if i said the thought had n't crossed my mind . 
 maybe running off together was the best solution . 
 would it really be so bad , starting over from scratch ? 
 `` have you ever thought about leaving ? '' 
 he did n't reply straight away . 
 `` i had n't , but then i met you . '' 
 such a short sentence , but it resonated through me . 
 `` but it 's daunting , you know ? '' 
 he continued . 
 `` the group has been my life for so long . 
 i do n't know what i 'd do without it . '' 
 i nodded . 
 i understood that particular fear all too well . 
 `` anyway , '' he said , signalling for the cheque , `` we should get back to the hotel . 
 it will take a while for my contacts to get back to me , so the sooner we start , the sooner we might get some results . '' 
 a few minutes later we were back in the room . 
 while he was sending off the info to his contacts , i fired through an email to my boss using my new phone , explaining that i 'd come down violently ill and needed a few days off . 
 he replied almost instantly saying it was no trouble . 
 i got the sense he was extremely pleased to have me back at all , so a few more days made little difference . 
 i did n't know what i 'd do if our exile stretched into weeks , or longer , but i figured i 'd cross that bridge when i came to it . 
 once we 'd both taken care of business , it was just a matter of waiting . 
 i 'd thought being penned up in the alpha house was frustrating , but something about the cheap , cut and paste hotel decor made that room feel incredibly oppressive . 
 we lay on the bed drinking wine from the mini-bar and watching daytime tv . 
 i 'd bought a few magazines on the way back , and i tried leafing through them , but i could n't make myself focus . 
 i was restless and frustrated at how powerless we were . 
 at some point , sebastian fell asleep . 
 apparently he really had been wiped out . 
 i tried to join him , but my body would n't cooperate . 
 instead , i found myself turning the situation over and over in my mind . 
 i wished i 'd paid better attention to sebastian 's colleagues . 
 there were only a few who i 'd even really talked with and , of that group , nothing stood out - besides ewan 's blatant dislike . 
 trey seemed friendly and relatively harmless and besides , he was n't a council member . 
 then there was thomas who , while being a little intense at times , appeared to care about sebastian . 
 some of the other men had certainly seemed a little cold towards us , but i put that down more to ewan 's influence than anything else . 
 whoever the mole was , they were doing an amazing job of blending in . 
 at about six thirty , sebastian woke up . 
 `` sorry , i did n't mean to sleep . '' 
 `` it 's fine , you looked like you needed it . '' 
 he nodded and flashed me a half smile . 
 `` i 'll make it up to you by getting dinner . 
 there 's a chinese place just downstairs that does takeaway . '' 
 i glanced at the tv , feeling a tightness in my chest . 
 the prospect of spending any more time here , stewing in the horror that had become our lives , was almost too much to bear . 
 i already felt like i was losing my mind and , if i stayed here , all i 'd be able to think about was how helpless we were . 
 `` what we should do is hit the town , '' i said . 
 i 'd mostly been joking , but the moment the words left my lips , the idea took root in my head . 
 the gradually blooming smile on sebastian 's face said he felt the same way . 
 `` maybe we should . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` is that crazy ? '' 
 it seemed ridiculous to consider going out on a date , given everything that was happening , but hell , if people were going to be constantly trying to kill me , i felt like maybe i should take advantage of the lulls in between . 
 besides , i could desperately use the distraction . 
 `` a little , maybe , but i ca n't see it being a problem as long as we keep it low key . 
 if anybody had managed to follow us , they 'd have made their move by now . 
 a hotel is hardly going to provide much of an obstacle for one of my brothers . 
 so we can assume they have no idea where we are . 
 as far as they know , we could be anywhere in the city . 
 maybe anywhere in the country . '' 
 it made sense . 
 `` low key hey ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` like pizza and a movie ? '' 
 `` that sounds perfect . '' 
 a few minutes later , we were walking out through the hotel 's front door . 
 the streets were emptier at night , but there was still a steady stream of office workers who were clocking off late or heading home after a few end of day drinks . 
 it took us a while to find a pizza place , but when we did , we struck gold . 
 a few blocks away from the main thoroughfare , we stumbled upon a tiny shop front with a giant neon pizza slice flickering above it . 
 there was no other signage , not even a name , but it seemed to have what was important . 
 it was n't until we made our way inside that we realised what a gem we 'd discovered . 
 the scene before us looked like it had been ripped straight out of a nineties sitcom . 
 dimly lit booths with red and white plastic table cloths , walls plastered with yellowed band posters and old advertisements for beer and motor oil . 
 there was even an ancient pinball machine in the corner , it 's warbling , high-pitched cries for attention fighting vainly against the throbbing rock music being piped through the speakers . 
 the place was relatively full , but the smiling , old , italian-looking waiter did n't seem fazed , guiding us through the tables to an open booth , tucked to one side . 
 sebastian and i grinned at one another as we sat down . 
 i could already feel some of my tension ebbing away , and i could tell he felt the same way . 
 we ordered a few pizzas to share , as well as a couple of the foaming mugs of unnamed beer that seemed to be the drink of choice . 
 `` we might have another mi casa on our hands , '' sebastian said to me once the waiter disappeared . 
 `` we just might , '' i agreed . 
 `` it 's almost enough to make you forget ... '' i trailed off , realising i was only going to kill the mood , but it was too late . 
 his expression wilted . 
 `` i did n't really ask before , but are you coping okay ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` yesterday ... well , it was pretty rough . '' 
 memories of the previous night appeared , unbidden , in my mind . 
 the weight of the gun , the violent kick of it in my hands , the way the man 's eyes grew wide as his legs collapsed under him . 
 not now ! 
 i pushed it all to the side . 
 `` that 's one way to put it , '' i said , keeping my voice level . 
 `` but yeah , i think i 'm doing okay . '' 
 he did n't look like he believed me , but he nodded . 
 `` i know the apologies are probably getting old , but i ca n't tell you how sorry i am that i put you in that position . 
 i should have listened to you when you questioned my colleagues . '' 
 `` you should have , '' i said , managing a small smile , `` but , like i said , i stopped blaming you for all of this weeks ago . 
 you ca n't shoulder the burden of everything that happens to the people you know , sebastian . 
 proximity does n't equal fault . 
 i 've forgiven you , but our relationship will never work unless you forgive yourself too . '' 
 some of the tension drained out of his face . 
 `` you 're right . 
 the thought of you being in danger just tears me up , that 's all . 
 if i lost you ... '' he shook his head . 
 i reached out and weaved my fingers through his . 
 `` you wo n't . 
 the odds may be bad , but so far , we 've survived everything they 've thrown at us . 
 we 'll get through this , we just need to focus . '' 
 i was n't quite as confident as all that , but i knew that he needed to hear it . 
 if , by some miracle , we were to beat this thing , we needed to keep our eyes on the prize . 
 it seemed to work . 
 after a few seconds , his jaw tightened and he nodded . 
 `` that sounds like a plan . '' 
 `` but not tonight , '' i continued . 
 `` we ca n't do anything until we hear back from everyone , so tonight , let 's forget all about this and just be a couple , out on a date . 
 i want to remember what it 's like to feel normal again , even if it 's just for one night . '' 
 his lips gradually curled upwards . 
 `` i can do that . '' 
 and so we did . 
 for the next two hours , we talked about everything but the lurking danger . 
 he seemed to enjoy hearing about my antics with the girls and , thankfully , ruth provided enough material to base an entire sitcom on . 
 pretty soon we were both in hysterics , our stomachs aching from laughter . 
 the pizza was spectacular . 
 thinly cut and dripping with cheese , it tasted as delicious as it did unhealthy , and it was exactly the kind of comfort food i needed . 
 when we 'd had our fill , we caught a cab a few minutes north to the nearest cinema . 
 out on the street , i found myself glancing over my shoulder a few times , but nobody was paying any attention to us . 
 it appeared sebastian had been right . 
 we were off the grid . 
 none of the films playing really looked interesting , but i did n't care . 
 it was more the act of going to the movies than the movie itself . 
 something about going on such a mundane date with sebastian pleased me immensely . 
 it felt like the kind of date i 'd have gone on with a university boyfriend . 
 there was no fanciness to it , no expectations or desire to impress . 
 it was just the two of us hanging out and enjoying one another 's company . 
 we settled on some big budget sci-fi title that seemed like it might at least look impressive on the big screen . 
 it was a relatively quiet session , with only fifteen or so other people in the cinema . 
 we took up residence somewhere towards the back . 
 within about ten minutes , i was bored . 
 it did look spectacular , but the script sounded like it had been written by an internet chatroom bot , and every member of the cast seemed to be too busy practising blue steel to actually display any other facial expressions . 
 apparently , sebastian felt the same way . 
 `` is this what counts for cinema these days ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 `` it 's been a while since i 've been to the movies , so i 'm a little out of touch . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i do n't go much either , but this is definitely scraping the bottom of the barrel . 
 i 'm not sure i can take another hour and a half . '' 
 his eyes took on a wicked glint . 
 `` perhaps i can find a way to make that time a little more bearable . '' 
 lifting the armrest so there was nothing between us , he slipped closer , burying his face against my head and breathing in deeply . 
 `` i would n't want you to be bored , '' he said , in a soft throaty voice , and before i knew it , his hand was skimming gently up my leg . 
 i laughed at his audacity and then glanced around . 
 there was another couple in our row , about eight seats over , and a group of three guys just a few rows in front . 
 nobody was paying any attention to us so far , but it would n't take much to change that . 
 `` sebastian , '' i said , nodding at the couple and raising my eyebrows . 
 he grinned like a child who knew he was about to do something naughty and just did n't care . 
 `` they 're not paying attention . '' 
 pulling away momentarily , he shrugged off his jacket and threw it over both our laps . 
 `` and if they are , now all they 'll see is a cold girl and her chivalrous boyfriend . '' 
 before i could argue , his hand was climbing my thigh once more . 
 i felt like i should keep up the pretence of resistance , but the truth was , my heart was already beating wildly , and the closer he drew to my sex , the less fighting it seemed to matter . 
 his fingers inched upward until they found my panties , tugging them to the side . 
 the first touch was soft , a gentle caress from my entrance all the way up , and i felt myself grow wet almost instantly . 
 i let out a little sigh and sunk deeper into my seat to give him better access . 
 taking my cue , he slipped one long finger inside me , teasing and probing until he eventually settled on my g-spot . 
 that sudden contact sent a spike of pleasure through me , drawing a sharp gasp from my lips . 
 `` uh uh , quiet now , '' he whispered . 
 `` we would n't want to alert our audience . '' 
 i swallowed loudly and clamped my mouth closed , glancing around the room once more . 
 all eyes were still fixed on the screen , although the couple in our row both looked to be wearing tighter expressions than before . 
 was it just the film ? 
 or were they onto our game and simply trying to ignore us ? 
 i felt an uneasy excitement settle in my stomach , the same kind of perverse thrill i 'd experienced wearing the butt plug around my office . 
 sebastian stroked me with a slow , rhythmic motion , and everything began turning to liquid inside me . 
 a second finger joined the first , and i bit back another cry , curling my hands tightly around the arm rests for fear that my movements would betray us . 
 `` do you like that ? '' 
 sebastian breathed into my ear . 
 `` do you like being pleasured in a room full of people ? '' 
 i nodded quickly , not trusting myself to do more than that . 
 `` god , you feel so good around my fingers . 
 i wish i had something else inside you . 
 but i can wait . 
 i 'll fuck you soon enough . '' 
 for a moment , all i could think about was having his cock inside me , but then his thumb found my clit , and all other thoughts fled . 
 there was just his hand and the exquisite things it was doing to me . 
 the simultaneous stimulation was incredible . 
 i had no idea how he was so dexterous , but every motion seemed to work together in perfect harmony . 
 a tightness began to build in my core , beckoning , begging for release . 
 `` i want you to come for now me , sophia , and i want you to do it without making a sound . '' 
 i was n't sure that was going to be possible . 
 even with my mouth firmly shut , there were shrill little noises escaping my throat . 
 but i sure as hell was n't going to stop and tell him that . 
 with the same relentless pace , he brought me over the cusp . 
 i buried my face against his shoulder , my whole body shaking , as though all of the cries i was n't letting out were bouncing around inside me . 
 `` fuck , '' i said when it was over . 
 he glanced around . 
 `` as tempting as that sounds , i think that might get us noticed . '' 
 i laughed , but the suggestion made my sex clench all the same . 
 `` perhaps we should go somewhere where we wo n't be noticed then , '' i said , running my hand slowly along the bulge in his pants he stiffened and let out a long breath . 
 `` and miss this fine excuse for a motion picture ? '' 
 i raised my eyebrows . 
 `` well , hey , if you do n't want to ... '' the intensity returned to those emerald eyes . 
 `` you know what i want ? '' 
 he said , his voice a dry rasp . 
 `` i want you to watch the rest of the film and think about how hard i 'm going to fuck you when it 's over . 
 i want you squirming in your seat , so wet for me i can smell it . '' 
 i swallowed loudly . 
 yeah , like there was any chance i could think about anything else now . 
 `` okay , '' i said softly . 
 we did watch the rest of the film , but i 'll be damned if i could tell you a single thing about it . 
 * * * * * sebastian 's insistence on waiting had the desired effect . 
 by the time we left the cinema , i was a flustered mess . 
 judging by the urgency in his walk , i was n't the only one . 
 the moment we stepped through the door to our hotel room , i felt his body press up behind mine . 
 my neck lolled to one side automatically , exposing the curve of my neck that i knew he was longing to kiss . 
 he did n't disappoint , ducking his head to brush his lips softly across my skin . 
 i let out a gentle sigh . 
 it was an intimate position ; sensual and tender . 
 i used to think sexual familiarity was a sign that things were getting stale , but i loved those little moments with sebastian , the understanding our bodies shared . 
 if anything , that connection excited me more . 
 with reverent delicacy his mouth traced a path down one shoulder , and then the other , his fingers stroking my hips , before slinking upwards to toy with my dress straps . 
 `` i want to look at you , '' he said . 
 `` by all means , '' i replied . 
 with two gentle flicks of his wrist , my dress was tumbling to the floor . 
 my bra followed moments later . 
 there was a sharp intake of breath behind me , and then his arms were around me once more . 
 `` christ i love this position , '' he said , echoing my earlier thoughts . 
 his hands moved up to cup my breasts , kneading gently , rolling my nipples between his fingers . 
 the yearning in my veins surged , rushing to pool between my legs . 
 `` i love having your ass pressed against me while i play with you , knowing i just have to unzip myself and i 'd be inside you . '' 
 i twisted my hips in response , grinding myself against him , causing his breath to falter . 
 he was certainly ready . 
 i could feel the strength of his excitement , hot and needy , pressing urgently through his pants . 
 `` well i love feeling what i 'm doing to you back there , '' i replied . 
 `` hmm , is that so ? '' 
 he said in amusement . 
 `` well , i would be remiss if i did n't check what i 'm doing to you . '' 
 one of his hands stayed to roam my chest , but the other began to inch slowly , tantalisingly , down my stomach . 
 he slipped inside my panties , parting my folds , my clit swelling with electricity at his touch . 
 `` i do seem to be having the desired effect , '' he teased . 
 `` that you are , '' i replied , squirming against him . 
 although there were no bonds involved , with our bodies arranged that way i was strangely helpless . 
 i could n't explore him as he explored me . 
 my hands had nowhere to go but to curl around his powerful forearms while he pleasured me . 
 he moved slowly , more a tease than anything else , but i still found my legs growing shaky beneath me . 
 he withdrew and spun me to face him , silencing my protest with a kiss . 
 now free to touch him , my hands began to roam , revelling in the coiled power of his body . 
 i wanted to take my time , but i could n't help but be drawn to the trembling bulge between his legs . 
 i stroked him through the material , generating a deep vibration in the centre of his chest . 
 `` let 's not get ahead of ourselves . 
 there 's something else i want you to do before i fuck you . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 `` i want you to take a shower . '' 
 i gazed at him in bewilderment . 
 `` do i really smell that bad ? '' 
 he favoured me with a small smile , but something in the air had shifted . 
 this was n't a request , it was a command . 
 my skin prickled with anticipation . 
 `` not at all , i 'd just prefer you were clean . '' 
 there was a heaviness to his tone now , an edge i knew all too well . 
 `` okay , '' i said , the sudden rush of endorphins stealing the strength from my voice . 
 i still found it amazing how he could do that with just a slight change in intonation , like a snake charmer mesmerising his cast . 
 giving him one final squeeze , i slipped from his arms and sauntered to the bathroom , glancing back over my shoulder , enjoying watching him watch me . 
 the lust in his eyes when he looked at my body never ceased to thrill me . 
 once inside , i shut the door and removed my panties . 
 i set the water running and adjusted the temperature before stepping inside . 
 i knew he 'd be joining me soon . 
 however , what happened next managed to surprise me . 
 i heard the click of the door handle , but before i could even turn , the room was plunged into darkness . 
 for a split second i felt a bolt of fear , but then sebastian spoke . 
 `` on second thoughts , we 're both rather filthy if you ask me . 
 i believe we could both use a shower . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` in the dark ? '' 
 `` i do n't need to see you to make you come , sophia . '' 
 a shiver rolled down my spine . 
 i was n't sure i 'd ever get sick of that dirty mouth . 
 `` we 'll see about that , '' i replied , trying to sound coy . 
 `` come on in , then . 
 i 'll wash you if you wash me . '' 
 `` deal . '' 
 in a moment , the glass door was opening and then his hard form was pressing against mine once more , only now he was naked too . 
 the moment we touched , my confusion about the lack of light melted away . 
 feeling but not seeing him lent the experience a whole new kind of tactility . 
 with my sight stolen , even the slightest contact seemed magnified a hundred times . 
 it was like the blindfold all over again , only this time , both of us were blind . 
 his kiss was fiercer this time , hungrier , his hands seizing my shoulders while his tongue plundered my mouth . 
 the pressure of his assault drove me backwards until i was pressed up against the wall , the coldness of the tiles contrasting wonderfully with the warmth of the water . 
 he seemed at ease in the dark , but my heart was racing . 
 every movement , every brush of his hand , was an unexpected surprise . 
 my body was thrumming , every nerve tingling . 
 some indeterminable time later , he broke away . 
 `` i believe i promised to clean you . '' 
 `` oh , you did . 
 you know how much of a dirty girl i am , '' i said in my best porno voice . 
 he chuckled . 
 `` that i do . 
 now hold still . '' 
 i heard the squeeze of a lotion bottle and then something soft yet coarse began stroking my collarbone . 
 apparently the room came with a wash cloth . 
 he took his time , working his way gradually down one arm and then the other , scrubbing me with tiny circular motions . 
 the cloth felt wonderful against my skin , a gentle scrape tempered by soap and water . 
 i loved the sense of just being lavished upon . 
 sebastian may have called the shots in the bedroom , but he certainly never left me feeling neglected . 
 soon , he turned his attention to my chest . 
 `` this area needs a more personal touch . '' 
 i made a little noise of encouragement , my body already yearning for him to accelerate proceedings . 
 squeezing more soap onto his hands he began to massage my breasts . 
 the sensation of them sliding between his fingers , his slickened skin against mine , was exquisite . 
 judging by the low rumble emanating from the darkness , he was enjoying it too . 
 he picked up the sponge again to work my stomach , back , and legs , lathering me with a thick layer of suds that he made no effort to wash off . 
 i soon learned why when the stream of water suddenly vanished from above , only to reappear moments later in front of me . 
 i had n't realised that shower head was detachable . 
 `` i 've heard it said that a shower head is a girl 's best friend , '' sebastian murmured . 
 `` i 've never had the chance to try one , '' i replied , although i was already beginning to believe it might be true . 
 you 'd think after a life time of showers , you 'd pretty much understand what they 're capable of . 
 they 're pleasant , soothing , warming , but that 's about the extent of it . 
 only in sebastian 's hands , this became something else entirely . 
 the way he danced the jet across my skin , constantly alternating the pressure , distance , and angle , was incredible . 
 i do n't know if it was just the sensuality of the experience , or the darkness , or sebastian 's expert technique , but it left my entire body tingling . 
 `` then allow me . '' 
 with obvious relish , he began working his way slowly down my torso , meticulously washing every part . 
 the closer he drew to my aching sex , the more i began to squirm . 
 `` widen your stance , '' he ordered , and then suddenly , the stream was between my legs . 
 `` oh jesus , '' i cried . 
 the warmth of it , the relentless rhythm , was like nothing i 'd ever experienced before . 
 it was like a thousand tiny fingers , all stroking me at once , and they were n't easing me towards orgasm , they were hurling me through the door as fast as humanely possible . 
 while the water strummed my clit , he leaned in close , bracing my ass with one hand and drawing my nipple into his mouth , swirling and sucking and nipping softly . 
 i felt my knees begin to buckle , but he held me firmly , bringing the nozzle closer still . 
 the stimulation was almost too much - it rode that impossibly thin line between pleasure and discomfort - but i was beyond caring . 
 already , everything was beginning to tighten inside me . 
 it was like i could feel each and every drop of water vibrate all the way into my core . 
 `` i 'm coming , sebastian . 
 i 'm coming . '' 
 he let out an affirmative grunt and sealed his mouth over mine as my climax took hold . 
 everything seemed to shrink away , then explode outward in a giant , rolling wave of ecstasy . 
 i was glad he was supporting me , because i 'm quite sure i would have ended up splayed on the tiles , if he had n't been . 
 `` so , there may be some merit to that rumour , '' he said , my body sagging against his . 
 `` i believe so , '' i replied . 
 `` especially if you 're pressed for time . 
 what was that , one minute ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` something like that . '' 
 i felt utterly drained , but being pressed up against him again reminded me that only half our bargain had been fulfilled . 
 `` i think it may be my turn with that , '' i said , fumbling along his arm until i found the shower head . 
 `` i 'm not the only one that needs a thorough wash . '' 
 `` if you insist . '' 
 partly out of a desire for revenge , but mostly because i wanted to savour his body , i took my time , painstakingly soaping and rinsing every inch of him . 
 i was getting used to my blindness now , used to the amplified sense of touch it lent me . 
 in the past , with the blindfold , i 'd always been in a position of submission , but here i was free to explore . 
 i loved the way his body felt in the water , hard and soft and slick all at once . 
 with only my hands to guide me i roamed across his skin , running them gently over the firm rises of his triceps , the thick slabs of his chest , revelling in every perfect ridge . 
 even in the dark , i was constantly aware of his cock . 
 every so often as i shifted position it would graze against me , sending a bolt of lust shooting through my veins . 
 i enjoyed those little moments of contact , the sharp breaths and soft noises they drew from him . 
 soon , i abandoned soap and water all together , slipping in close until my face was against his chest . 
 `` i have a special cleaning implement i think would be very effective on you , '' i purred . 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 he said , more than a little strain evident in his voice . 
 i could tell he was close to breaking point . 
 `` it is . 
 allow me to show you . '' 
 wrapping my hands around the hard globes of his ass , i drew his nipple into my mouth . 
 he gasped and rocked against me , pushing his shaft firmly against my stomach . 
 i teased him like that for half a minute , but soon , i was unable to contain myself any longer . 
 kissing a trail down his stomach i dropped to my knees and seized his length in my hand . 
 he felt impossibly thick , and seemed to be growing more with every passing moment . 
 i loved how , even with no visual stimulation , he was utterly ready for me ; a perfect picture of virility . 
 he let out a long groan as i took him into my mouth , pumping him from the base and sliding my lips up and down with painstaking slowness . 
 he felt fleshy and soft and i took my time tasting every inch of him , dragging my tongue along the trembling ridge underneath . 
 heat rushed through his shaft as he swelled further still , but i took it in stride , gradually easing him deeper down my throat . 
 `` your lips are fucking magic , '' he said . 
 i loved being in that position . 
 it was submissive , yet utterly empowering . 
 for the first time since we 'd started , i wished the lights were on . 
 i wanted to look at him , to see the pleasure i was giving , to watch his face contort as i gradually brought him undone . 
 his fingers found my head , tightening around my hair , guiding me and quickening my pace , and for a while i gave control over to him . 
 eventually , an idea came to me . 
 `` i wonder if this is just for women , '' i mused , pulling back momentarily , and before he could reply , i aimed the jet of water at his balls and resumed sucking him . 
 the effect was instantaneous . 
 he sunk back against the wall , a long , throaty sound falling from his mouth . 
 continuing to stroke him with one hand , i began experimenting with the shower head , teasing every part of him as he had me . 
 `` fuck , sophia , that 's incredible . 
 do n't stop . '' 
 sensing that he was close , i focused my efforts , locking my lips just below his crown and stroking rapidly , keeping the shower head focused strong and close . 
 his body stiffened and he let out a single guttural roar , then spurted down my throat . 
 his orgasm seemed to last forever , and i pumped furiously , milking every drop . 
 `` jesus christ , '' he said , his voice ragged . 
 `` that was a huge load . '' 
 i giggled and nodded , still tasting him on my tongue . 
 `` i may have to have one of these installed , '' he said . 
 `` you wo n't hear me object . '' 
 he reached out to take my arms , pulling me to my feet . 
 `` put it back for now . 
 i want to fuck you under the water . '' 
 i was only too happy to oblige . 
 my exploration of his body had left me aching for him . 
 once the nozzle was back in place , he spun me around and positioned himself behind me . 
 `` brace yourself against the wall , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm done being gentle . '' 
 the way he said that made my sex clench . 
 i did as commanded , laying my hands on the tiles , and in a moment he was pushing inside me . 
 i let out a long breath . 
 there was no initial sting now , no moment of accommodation . 
 he fit inside me as though he 'd always been there , as though he 'd never left . 
 there was a sense of completeness to that moment that i 'd never felt with anyone else . 
 a transcendence , where physical pleasure rose up and became something more . 
 from the moment he entered me , i could tell he was going to be true to his word . 
 each thrust of his hips was long and hard , and my body shook with the impact . 
 after such exquisite foreplay , it was exactly what i wanted . 
 an explosion of all of our pent up desire . 
 with my body angled upward , each punishing thrust stroked the bundle of nerves at my core , sending ripples of pleasure rolling through me . 
 the air around us was heavy with steam , and i drew it into my lungs , savouring the warmth as it flowed through me . 
 wrapping one hand around my hip , he seized my hair with the other , tugging my head backwards and sending a delicious sting through my scalp . 
 there was something so raw about being fucked like that , standing up , darkness all around , my body trapped roughly in his grip . 
 the ferocity of his movements hurt a little , but that only excited me more . 
 the sounds emanating from his throat were low , almost bestial , as he took from me what i 'd been teasing all night . 
 his size meant i could feel every pulse of lust , every firm ridge and soft edge . 
 `` i promised i was going to fuck you hard , '' he said , pausing momentarily only to hammer back into me again . 
 `` you did , '' i replied , although they barely sounded like words . 
 `` is this what you wanted ? '' 
 `` you know it is . '' 
 the heat inside me continued to build . 
 it was a raging fire . 
 impossible to ignore . 
 my muscles began to contract , but there was nowhere for them to go . 
 his hardness was everywhere , filling me , stretching me , claiming me . 
 as my moans sunk lower in my throat there was a flooding sensation in my brain and that fire suddenly exploded . 
 it shot out from my toes to my head , leaving me trembling and gasping for air . 
 a few moments later , he came too . 
 there was a rush of heat , then a roar , and then his fingers were biting into my side as he slammed himself into me , forcing my whole body against the wall . 
 `` christ , '' he said , when his hips finally slowed . 
 `` mmmm . '' 
 he pulled out of me , and despite the slight sting of my now raw flesh , my body complained at the absence . 
 spinning me around , he trapped my lips in a kiss . 
 `` and that is why we wait . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` that 's easy to say now . '' 
 his hands found my ass , and he gave a little squeeze . 
 `` i would n't worry too much . 
 if i 'm being totally honest i can never resist you for very long . 
 and when this is all over , i plan on spending more time inside you than out . '' 
 `` well now , that 's exactly what a girl wants to hear . '' 
 chapter twelve sophia when i woke the next morning , sebastian was already up . 
 he was sitting in the room 's only chair already fully dressed , idly thumbing his chin and staring off into space . 
 `` morning , '' i said . 
 he jolted a little . 
 `` oh . 
 good morning . '' 
 `` everything okay ? '' 
 i asked , stretching lazily . 
 `` yeah , everything 's fine . 
 better than fine , really . '' 
 i slid down the bed and sat in front of him . 
 `` oh yeah , how 's that ? '' 
 he held up the prepaid phone that had been hidden in his other hand . 
 `` we 've got something . 
 my guy at the federal police ran our attackers ' faces through their database and actually came back with matches . '' 
 the look on his face told me that perhaps this was n't all good news . 
 `` well that 's great , right ? 
 who were they ? '' 
 he gave a non-committal nod . 
 `` our would-be killer seems to be working on his own , because he did n't use alpha guys . 
 it looks like he farmed the job out and basically hired two hit men . 
 those two guys were known muscle for anton silva , who is suspected to be one of the biggest crime bosses in the country . '' 
 `` wow . 
 okay . 
 just another small fish then . '' 
 he shot me a smile , but it was short lived . 
 `` so what do we do with that info ? '' 
 i asked . 
 his lips compressed and he let out a little sigh . 
 `` i 'm still working that out . 
 this guy is the real deal , sophia . 
 drugs , weapons , prostitution ; he runs it all . 
 if we play it right , we may be able to use him to get to whoever wants us dead , but one misstep ... '' he did n't need to finish the sentence . 
 i could fill in the blanks . 
 i felt a lump building in my throat , but i nodded anyway . 
 `` i get it . 
 bad guy . '' 
 `` bad guy , '' sebastian confirmed . 
 `` anyway , joe is on his way , so we can talk about it more when he arrives , but i think our best bet is to just try and buy silva off . 
 he 's a criminal , which means he has a price . 
 everyone has a price . '' 
 `` but how do we get him to take the money without killing us in the process ? 
 i mean , he was hired to take us out and he screwed it up . 
 we ca n't exactly just show up at his doorstep . '' 
 sebastian stared me dead in the eye . 
 `` actually , that 's exactly what i 'm thinking i might do . '' 
 i searched his voice for humour , but found none . 
 `` are you insane ? '' 
 this time he smiled . 
 `` a little , maybe . 
 but i think it will work . 
 he 's not going to just gun me down on sight , not if i give him the right incentive first . 
 he may be ruthless , but you do n't get where he is unless you 're practical as well . 
 he 'll hear me out , probably figuring he can finish the job afterwards if he does n't like what he hears . '' 
 `` that 's a lot of assumptions for us to risk our lives on . '' 
 he gave a heavy nod . 
 `` i know . 
 but what other choice do we have ? 
 joe 's searches came back empty . 
 our enemy holds all the cards , and this is the only lead we 've got . 
 if we want our lives back , i do n't see any other option . '' 
 i wracked my brains for an alternative . 
 `` i do n't suppose we could just call silva ? 
 avoid putting ourselves in the firing line ? '' 
 sebastian barked out a laugh . 
 `` i can call to set up the meet , but getting silva himself on the phone will be all but impossible . 
 you do n't become a criminal kingpin by discussing organised murder over the phone . '' 
 my cheeks reddened . 
 that made sense . 
 as much as it scared me to admit , i realised he was right . 
 we 'd been on the back foot for so long and we 'd stay there , unless we took a chance . 
 this might be our last opportunity . 
 but , beyond that , i was sick of running , sick of being hunted . 
 if i was going to be put in danger again , i wanted it to be on my terms . 
 `` okay , if you think we can pull it off , then i 'm sold , '' i said . 
 `` but do n't think for one second that just because you kept saying ` i ' while i was saying ` we ' that you 're going in there alone . '' 
 his expression hardened . 
 `` there 's no need for both of us to take the risk . 
 i 'm not going to let you put yourself in danger because of my mistakes anymore . '' 
 `` well i 'm not letting you walk into that death trap by yourself , '' i countered . 
 `` you think it 's any easier for me seeing you put yourself at risk ? 
 if you went in there and did n't come out , it would rip me open knowing that i might have be able to do something . 
 i may not have much experience with this sort of thing , but last time shit hit the fan , i stepped up . 
 maybe i can be useful again . '' 
 it amazed me how easily i was able to talk about that incident . 
 maybe i really was becoming desensitised . 
 i put a hand on his knee . 
 `` we 're in this together , sebastian . 
 whatever happens . '' 
 he stared at me for a full ten seconds , somehow managing to look touched yet incredibly anxious . 
 eventually , though , he broke into a sad little smile . 
 `` together it is , then , '' he said softly , reaching out to squeeze my hand . 
 and somehow it felt like an incredibly tender moment , instead of an insane suicide pact . 
 yep , definitely desensitised . 
 joe arrived a short time later and we went out for breakfast to discuss everything . 
 he sat , wearing an unreadable expression , while sebastian recounted everything that had happened so far . 
 he 'd heard the short version , but now he was getting the gory details . 
 `` if you have any other suggestions , i 'm all ears , '' said sebastian , when the story was over . 
 joe pondered . 
 he did n't even look surprised . 
 `` nothing springs to mind , '' he said eventually . 
 `` whoever this is , they 're not making many mistakes . 
 when i looked through our system , i could n't find any loose ends . 
 according to the database , nobody besides you and your team swiped into your alpha house . 
 they cleared everything . 
 if we do n't take this chance , we might not get another . '' 
 a scary thought suddenly occurred to me . 
 `` if you were using the alpha system , '' i said to joe , `` does n't that mean they could have tracked you somehow ? 
 maybe picked up your trail ? '' 
 joe smiled . 
 `` i would n't worry about that . 
 i 've got a few tricks up my sleeve . '' 
 i shot a questioning look at sebastian , but he just shrugged . 
 he certainly did n't seem concerned , so i let the issue drop . 
 he scooped up his coffee and threw back the last sip . 
 `` well , there 's no time like the present . '' 
 reaching into his pocket , he removed his phone and tapped the screen several times before lifting it to his ear . 
 `` hi . 
 my name is sebastian . 
 your boss and i have unfinished business . 
 tell him i will give him a million dollars for five minutes of his time . '' 
 * * * * * everyone stayed silent on the trip to see anton . 
 sebastian 's million dollar offer had apparently been enough to buy us entry , but what would happen beyond that was anyone 's guess . 
 the closer we drew , the more heavy my stomach felt . 
 i knew i wanted this , to be proactive and take matters into my own hands , but that did n't change the fact that we were driving straight into the lair of a man who , only two days ago , had been trying to kill us . 
 when my brain phrased it like that , it just seemed like a really , really bad idea . 
 for his part , sebastian wore a look of grim determination . 
 that comforted me a little . 
 to anyone who was paying attention it said ` fuck with me and you 'll regret it , ' and i hoped anton would get the message . 
 i suspected we 'd need every little edge we could get . 
 we were meeting him in the back room of a kings cross strip club , which he undoubtedly owned . 
 i 'd never really spent much time in the cross . 
 it 's as close to a red light district as sydney has , and thus the people there are most certainly not my sort of crowd . 
 between the metric fuckton of makeup that made all the women look like drug addicted clowns and the rather scandalous skin to clothes ratio on display , whenever i visited i wound up feeling trashier just by proximity . 
 the sight outside the window was no different than i remembered . 
 even on a weeknight , the main strip was seething with neon light and fake tan . 
 we pulled up outside the club . 
 we 'd hired a limo and made a big point of being seen stepping out of it by the two bodybuilders , with sleeve tattoos and steely expressions , who stood guard out front . 
 for appearances , joe was once again relegated to the role of driver . 
 we had to look calm , in control , and dangerous , rather than desperate and out of options . 
 `` you ready for this ? '' 
 asked sebastian . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` as ready as i 'm going to be . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 he shot me a reassuring smile . 
 `` and do n't worry , we 'll be fine . '' 
 i nodded , trying to let some of that confidence seep into my skin . 
 the men looked us up and down as we approached . 
 they were both as tall as sebastian , but much wider , which made them incredibly intimidating , by any standards . 
 they looked like someone had taken two plastic bags and crammed them full of walnuts . 
 the larger of them smirked as his eyes rolled over my body , which gave me the sudden urge to go home and take a long shower , but that leer fell away once he turned to sebastian . 
 my partner was practically radiating danger now , and it was enough to make even these guys pause . 
 `` my name is sebastian and this is sophia . 
 we 're here to see anton . '' 
 his voice betrayed no emotion . 
 ` just business as usual , ' it said . 
 `` who is anton ? '' 
 said giant number one , a look of mock confusion appearing on his face . 
 `` i think you must have the wrong place , my friend . '' 
 sebastian did n't even miss a beat . 
 `` i do n't have time to play games . 
 you know as well as i do that your boss is expecting us . '' 
 the man glanced at his partner , who gave a little nod and disappeared upstairs . 
 the first guy stared daggers at us for several seconds . 
 apparently he did n't like having his little power trip interrupted . 
 `` i need to search you , '' he said . 
 `` we 're not stupid enough to be carrying here , '' sebastian replied . 
 the guy shrugged . 
 `` then you 've got nothing to worry about . '' 
 sebastian waited a few beats then gave a curt nod and stretched his arms out to the sides , gritting his teeth while the guard patted him from head to toe . 
 he was n't gentle . 
 he almost looked disappointed when he came up empty-handed . 
 `` they 'll probably check for these , '' sebastian had said to me earlier , nodding towards our guns . 
 `` i 'd never get one past them , but you just might . 
 most men struggle to see women as a threat . 
 they never check as carefully . '' 
 that had made sense at the time , but as the guard stepped towards me , suddenly the pistol holstered against my inner thigh felt like it weighed a thousand kilogrammes . 
 what would he do if he found it ? 
 laugh and take it away ? 
 or flip out and call his buddies ? 
 he reached out and gave my shoulders and back a cursory check , before moving down my front . 
 he lingered a little below my breasts , the smirk returning to his face , and i had to stop myself from dry retching in his face . 
 i could almost feel the primal frustration simmering below sebastian 's skin , but he restrained himself . 
 my cheeks started burning as the goon 's hands gradually drew closer to the weapon . 
 despite what sebastian had said , his search seemed very thorough . 
 he made it as far as the top of my thighs , just inches from the butt of the gun , but as he began to dip between my legs , sebastian let out a dangerous little growl . 
 `` if you want to keep that hand for more than the next three seconds , i suggest you stop there . '' 
 the man hesitated , eyes locked with sebastian . 
 it felt like that night , at my work function , all over again where he 'd sent taylor fleeing with a simple stare . 
 i was n't sure it was going to work this time - the guard looked like he had something to prove - but after a few moments , he pulled away . 
 i let out a silent sigh of relief . 
 he finished the search in a matter of seconds . 
 by that point the second thug had reappeared , and he gestured for us to follow him inside . 
 it was early by strip club standards - about six in the evening - so the show had n't even started yet . 
 the only people in the place were two bartenders milling behind the counter , and a couple of bored looking , scantily clad girls that i brilliantly deduced were strippers . 
 the lack of activity meant that every set of eyes was on us as we crossed the room , which only added to my discomfort . 
 we were led past another two action movie extras and up a narrow staircase . 
 unlike the unapologetically tacky stage area , the room we wound up in was fairly inoffensive . 
 it was basically an office , with several chairs , a filing cabinet , and a large desk . 
 the man behind it stood as we entered . 
 `` welcome , '' he said . 
 at first glance he did n't appear particularly frightening . 
 he looked to be in his early fifties . 
 lebanese maybe , or mediterranean , and with his balding head , slightly retro clothes , and easy smile , he seemed like the kind of guy who 'd be found taking his kids to soccer practice on the weekends or playing nine holes with his friends . 
 but the longer i looked , the more i realised how wrong that impression was . 
 it was the eyes , mostly . 
 there was something cold flickering there , something calculating . 
 i got the sense that his friendly appearance was well cultivated , and it could drop away at any moment . 
 then , of course , there were the two extra men who had melted across the doorway as we stepped inside . 
 they were doing their best to look bored , but the way they stood , with their jackets casually thrown open to expose their weapons , said that was an illusion too . 
 the message was clear . 
 we were n't leaving unless anton wanted us to . 
 `` thank you for seeing us , '' sebastian replied . 
 anton smiled wider and spread his hands . 
 `` when someone makes an offer such as you did , the least a man like me can do is hear him out , would n't you agree ? '' 
 sebastian nodded . 
 `` i was hoping that would be the case . '' 
 `` besides , '' anton continued , `` it 's not often i get a chance to sit down and talk with two people i condemned just days earlier . 
 i had men out there looking for you when you called , you know . 
 and now , here you are . 
 i must admit , i 'm curious . '' 
 the lightness of his tone sent a shiver down my spine . 
 oh yes , this was a man for whom killing was of no consequence . 
 but sebastian appeared unshaken . 
 `` well , like i said , i appreciate it . '' 
 `` did you bring what you promised ? '' 
 anton asked . 
 taking my cue , i lifted the duffel bag i was carrying and dumped it on the table . 
 i 'd been quite surprised to find out that a million dollars in cash really did only occupy a few square feet . 
 i thought that was just in the movies . 
 he did n't even bother to count it . 
 he just unzipped the top and glanced inside . 
 `` wonderful . '' 
 i figured most people were too afraid to actually try and rip him off . 
 he gestured for the two of us to sit . 
 `` so , what brings you here ? 
 i have to say , this is a little unconventional . 
 i 'm not conceited enough to say i 've never messed up a hit before , but those few lucky souls are usually eager to get as far away from me as possible . 
 you and your lovely lady , on the other hand , have strolled right into my lap . '' 
 this was all part of the plan . 
 intrigue him enough to hear us out , then throw so much money at him that he could n't resist . 
 i just wished he did n't sound so amused by it all . 
 `` it 's simple , really , '' sebastian replied . 
 `` you have information we want . 
 we 're willing to do what 's necessary to get it . '' 
 anton laughed . 
 `` nothing is ever that simple in this business . 
 this information , i take it , relates to the people who want you dead ? '' 
 sebastian nodded . 
 `` indeed . '' 
 anton leaned back in his chair and laced his fingers together . 
 `` and what 's to stop me simply refusing and then having shawn and iman here finish the job ? '' 
 i glanced behind us and saw that the two men now had their hands resting on their pistols . 
 i knew that if anton gave the order , there would be no hesitation . 
 we 'd be dead in seconds . 
 despite how futile it seemed , i found my hand inching towards the hem of my dress . 
 `` money , mostly , '' replied sebastian . 
 anton shrugged . 
 `` i already got paid a lot of money to take you out , and that was only half . 
 now that you have kindly brought yourselves to me , i can get the rest when i report you dead . 
 not to mention the million you brought along . 
 this has already been an incredibly profitable transaction for me . '' 
 `` i 'm sure we can come up with a sum that will convince you . '' 
 the other man studied us for several seconds . 
 `` and what about my existing client ? 
 i do n't know him personally , but i 'd hazard a guess that he 'll be none too happy with me if i help you . 
 not to mention the damage he could do to my reputation ; client confidentiality and so forth . '' 
 sebastian 's gaze turned ice cold . 
 `` if you tell us what you know , i assure you that he wo n't be around to cause you any problems . '' 
 anton nodded slowly , like he 'd just gotten the answer he was expecting . 
 `` and what do you think about all this , sweetheart ? '' 
 he said , turning to me . 
 `` you have n't said a word , so far . '' 
 that had been part of the plan too . 
 sebastian was much more familiar with this game than i was , so while i was n't willing to let him leave me behind , i agreed to let him do all the talking . 
 but i could n't exactly ignore the question . 
 `` i think it would be in your best interests to take the deal . '' 
 as soon as the words left my mouth , i realised how they sounded . 
 i had n't intended to threaten him . 
 but apparently i was n't as intimidating as i 'd feared , because anton just burst out laughing . 
 `` is that right ? 
 i have to admit , when leo told me you 'd tracked me down , i was a little surprised . 
 that must have taken some serious pull . 
 it makes me wonder . '' 
 he had that calculating look in his eye again , like he was trying to decide whether we were dangerous or stupid . 
 i realised then that we were dealing with a very smart man . 
 callous , relentless , but also incredibly shrewd . 
 sebastian seemed to recognise an opportunity . 
 `` there is more at stake here than you realise , anton . 
 you do n't want to be caught up in the middle of this . '' 
 he cocked his head to one side . 
 `` why do n't you let me be the judge of that ? '' 
 he stared intently at us , weighing our case , our lives reduced to little more than dollar signs on a hypothetical page . 
 now that we 'd played our hand , he knew how much money was really at stake . 
 i assumed he was debating whether to contact his client and start a bidding war . 
 if he knew how powerless we really were , it would n't even be a question , but thankfully he was still wary of exactly what we might be capable of . 
 i did my best to look calm , but my heart was raging like a jackhammer in my chest . 
 after what felt like a lifetime , he spoke . 
 `` ten million . '' 
 `` done , '' replied sebastian instantly . 
 i let out the breath i had n't even realised i was holding . 
 it was a ludicrous sum - cocktails on a tropical island for all eternity kind of money - but the truth was , we were desperate . 
 we needed him more than he needed us . 
 besides , i was fairly sure sebastian could afford it . 
 judging by the look in anton 's eye , i think he realised that too . 
 he seemed to be considering if he could get even more . 
 `` i do n't have a name for you , '' he said . 
 `` i make it my business to know as little as possible about my clients . 
 it 's safer that way , if anyone comes looking . '' 
 he shot us an ironic grin . 
 `` what i do have is the phone number that he originally contacted us on to organise the meet . '' 
 sebastian grimaced . 
 `` he wo n't be using his real phone for this . 
 it 's too easily tracked . 
 what about a description ? 
 anything that might help me identify him ? 
 i have reason to believe it 's someone i 'm familiar with . '' 
 anton chuckled softly . 
 `` i do n't meet them myself . 
 too risky . '' 
 he nodded to one of the men in the doorway . 
 `` iman organises the hits . '' 
 sebastian and i both turned to the thug , but he simply shrugged . 
 `` he was man . 
 business man . 
 it was dark , i do n't see much . '' 
 his voice was heavily accented , and it was clear english was n't his first language . 
 we were n't going to get much out of him . 
 `` sorry , '' said anton . 
 sebastian brought his hand up to cover his mouth and stared into space for several seconds . 
 `` i do n't suppose we could just call him ? 
 see if you recognise the voice ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` maybe , '' sebastian replied . 
 `` but then we give away our hand . 
 and he might not answer at all . 
 you said you guys used text messages ? '' 
 anton nodded . 
 `` then yeah , a call will probably just scare him off . '' 
 and then i had an idea . 
 `` what does your client know ? '' 
 i asked anton . 
 `` did you tell him we got away ? '' 
 anton looked surprised for a moment , but he recovered quickly . 
 `` he knows . 
 we had to go in and clean up your mess . '' 
 he did n't sound even slightly upset about the two men we 'd killed . 
 he might as well have been discussing spilt juice . 
 `` he was not pleased , although we assured him we were doing everything we could to find you . '' 
 `` can you organise another meet ? '' 
 i continued . 
 `` you said he still owes you half on completion of the contract , right ? 
 so tell him you 've taken us out and you want the rest of your money . '' 
 anton licked his lips . 
 `` this is not part of our deal . 
 i would be exposing myself for you . '' 
 but sebastian was nodding now , a hint of a smile on his face . 
 `` fifteen million , '' he said . 
 `` and five more when we have him . 
 plus you get to keep whatever money he brings . '' 
 anton 's eyes widened a fraction . 
 i could practically feel his sense of greed and self-preservation squaring off inside him . 
 he got to his feet , and for one brief terrifying second , i thought he 'd changed his mind , but then he extended his hand . 
 `` you have a deal . '' 
 the tension drained out of sebastian 's face , and he reached up and shook . 
 `` i 'll have my guy drop the money off . '' 
 he glanced at the two men behind us . 
 `` we 'll need to borrow a few of your men . '' 
 anton nodded . 
 `` i expected as much . 
 go with these two . 
 they 'll make the necessary arrangements . 
 it 's been good doing business with you . '' 
 sebastian stared at him for several seconds , before inclining his head ever so slightly and turning towards the door . 
 i followed , doing my best not to break into a grin . 
 somehow , we 'd pulled it off . 
 the light at the end of the tunnel had suddenly grown that little bit brighter . 
 chapter thirteen sebastian the meet was set for early evening , in an old warehouse in macdonaldtown , on the outskirts of sydney . 
 the location could n't have been more of a movie stereotype if it tried . 
 cracked windows , rusted girders , piles of industrial detritus littering the floor . 
 it certainly was empty , though . 
 the roads nearby were completely devoid of people or cars . 
 movie stereotypes are stereotypes for a reason . 
 at this point , things were basically out of our hands . 
 sophia and i sat in the back seat of anton 's car , waiting for the trap to be sprung . 
 whoever was on the other end of the phone did n't seem to suspect anything . 
 their text message just sounded relieved . 
 if everything went to plan , in a little while , we 'd have our traitor in custody . 
 i looked over to sophia , who was staring out the window . 
 she 'd handled herself well with anton . 
 part of me had wanted to burst out laughing when she 'd threatened him , but i 'd restrained myself , and somehow we 'd bluffed our way through it . 
 we made a good team . 
 she saw the things i missed and she was n't afraid to speak up when she did . 
 she glanced up and caught me looking , and a smile lit her face . 
 `` show time , soon . '' 
 that smile was like a drug to me now . 
 it was my reason to get up each morning . 
 and every time i saw it , i wanted just a little more . 
 when this was all over , i was going to make it my mission to put that smile there as often as possible . 
 i nodded . 
 she gazed at me for several seconds , a question poised on her lips . 
 `` do you think this will be the end of it all ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i exhaled slowly . 
 i did n't want the dampen the mood of the victory we were about to win here . 
 `` i 'm honestly not sure , '' i replied . 
 `` whoever the traitor is , they have a lot of questions to answer . 
 once we know his motives , and who he 's working with , we can plan our next move . '' 
 her shoulders slumped a little , but she tried to remain stoic . 
 `` that makes sense . '' 
 `` hey , '' i said , reaching out to brush her cheek with one knuckle . 
 `` this is a big step forward . 
 with any luck , they 'll crack quickly and tell us everything we need to know . 
 i suspect you 'll be back burning the midnight oil at work and getting tanked with ruth and lou again in no time . '' 
 the smile returned . 
 `` i have missed excessive quantities of wine . '' 
 `` you 're allowed to drink more than a glass or two with me , you know . '' 
 `` and be that embarrassing drunk with the begrudgingly tolerant boyfriend ? 
 i do n't think so . '' 
 `` so maybe i 'll have more than one or two as well . '' 
 she raised an eyebrow . 
 `` i did n't realise you did messy drunk . '' 
 `` i have n't for a few years . 
 but i 'm willing to make an exception for you . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` that might just be the most romantic offer you 've ever made me . 
 it 's settled then . 
 when this is all over , we will drink to excess ! '' 
 `` deal , '' i replied . 
 another minute passed . 
 `` you know , something about this still does n't sit quite right with me , '' she said . 
 `` in what way ? '' 
 `` well , when you rescued me , you fought your way through a whole house of guards , right ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` so why did they hire out the killing this time around ? 
 why not use their own people ? '' 
 `` that 's been bothering me too , '' i replied . 
 `` so much of this still makes no sense . 
 obviously they had their reasons . 
 maybe we hurt them worse than we thought when we raided that house ? '' 
 `` maybe , '' she replied , although she did n't sound convinced . 
 `` we 'll have some answers soon . '' 
 `` i know , '' she said . 
 at that moment , another car appeared at the gate . 
 it was one of the fleet of black alpha bmws . 
 i felt something heavy settle in my stomach . 
 behind those doors was one of my brothers . 
 a man i would have trusted with my life . 
 a man who had betrayed me . 
 i took a deep breath and tried to remain calm . 
 through the tinted glass window i watched as the car pulled slowly into the empty lot and stopped about thirty meters away . 
 iman was standing off to one side , flanked by two of anton 's thugs . 
 he was doing a good job of playing the part . 
 he looked impatient , perhaps even a little bored . 
 just a guy on another routine pickup . 
 for a few moments , nothing happened ; then the back door opened and out stepped a man . 
 ewan . 
 something hot surged in my chest . 
 until that moment , i think part of me had still refused to accept it . 
 a tiny voice in the back of my head , arguing that there was some other explanation for the way those assassins had surprised us ; a hacked security system , or a building flaw we did n't spot . 
 but seeing ewan there , delivering payment for our deaths , meant that i could n't lie to myself anymore . 
 the group had been compromised . 
 it made me feel so damn stupid . 
 i 'd always believed the group rhetoric , those wonderful tenants that spoke of using power for the greater good , but now i realised how naive that was . 
 the alpha group was n't some last bastion of nobility . 
 we were as susceptible to greed and self-interest as anyone . 
 i still did n't understand what would possess ewan to do these things , but i was going to do everything in my power to find out . 
 he would pay for the pain he 'd caused . 
 i looked to sophia . 
 she had every right to be wearing an ' i told you so ' expression , but she seemed to understand the gravity of the situation . 
 instead , she just shot me a sympathetic smile and reached out to squeeze my knee . 
 two alpha security personnel followed ewan out of the car , but after a few seconds of hushed conversation , they stayed in place while ewan began to stride purposefully over the dust towards us . 
 i wondered if the guards had turned on us too , or if they were just doing their job and simply had no idea of the traitorous deal going on right under their noses . 
 i suspected the latter . 
 in our line of work , you naturally see a lot of strange things , and they were taught not to ask questions . 
 besides , ewan had kept them purposefully out of earshot . 
 if he had nothing to hide , he 'd have brought them in with him . 
 they were probably just here to stop iman and his men trying anything shady . 
 only a fool would n't tread carefully around anton silva . 
 it felt like it took ewan forever to cross the empty yard . 
 the animal inside me was raring to simply charge out of the car and let loose with all my rage , until he was just a bloody wreck on the ground , but i knew i needed to hold back . 
 the situation could get messy in a heartbeat , if not handled carefully , and we needed ewan alive if we wanted any chance of ending this . 
 when he was a few feet away from anton 's men , he stopped . 
 in his hand he held a plain black briefcase that no doubt contained the rest of anton 's money . 
 `` you had me worried , '' he said . 
 i had the window down ever so slightly , so we could hear everything clearly . 
 `` when they escaped the house i thought we 'd lost our shot . '' 
 iman smirked . 
 `` we find them . 
 or rather , they find us . '' 
 ewan 's eyes narrowed , but before he could react , all three of anton 's men had guns trained on him . 
 the alpha guys were good . 
 in a split second they were both charging forward and reaching inside their jackets , but they froze as two more thugs emerged from the shadows behind them with weapons raised . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 ewan asked , but there already was a sense of understanding in his voice . 
 i nodded to sophia , and we both reached for our door handles . 
 i was expecting fear , but all i saw in his eyes when they fell on us was surprise , followed by resignation . 
 the anger inside me flared . 
 i did n't want him to be okay with what was coming . 
 i wanted him to feel the same terror sophia had , when he 'd taken her from her house . 
 that raw hopelessness of knowing that there was nothing left for him , beyond pain and death . 
 `` this is you , getting what you deserve , '' i growled , and before i could stop myself , i clocked him with an enormous uppercut that lifted his body from the ground . 
 i was on top of him , moments later , my fists a blur in front of me , my vision clouded red . 
 there were people yelling behind me , but they were muted and distant . 
 all that mattered was ewan and the pain i wanted him to feel . 
 it was n't until sophia grabbed my face and yanked my gaze up to hers that the rest of the world came back into focus . 
 `` sebastian , stop ! 
 you 're killing him ! '' 
 i looked down at the crumpled form below me . 
 ewan 's face was a mask of blood and dirt . 
 his hair was matted and his breathing shallow . 
 he was n't moving . 
 i closed my eyes and flung myself to my feet . 
 i 'd never lost control like that before . 
 it was frightening . 
 and scarier still , it had felt good . 
 i wanted someone to blame for everything that had happened , someone that was n't myself . 
 and now that someone had finally presented himself , i could finally unleash some of the guilt that was devouring me from the inside . 
 `` i 'm okay , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm okay . '' 
 the adrenaline was already fading from my veins . 
 my skin felt hot and my lungs burned . 
 i 'd hit him with everything i had . 
 sophia leaned down to check ewan 's pulse . 
 `` he 's alive . '' 
 `` he 's a tough old bastard , '' i replied . 
 `` we need to get him somewhere soon , though , and check him out . 
 you did quite a number on him . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i 'll call in the cavalry . '' 
 i walked off towards the corner of the lot , just to put a little distance between ewan and myself , and pulled out my phone . 
 `` thomas , i 'm going to need a little help here . '' 
 * * * * * `` doctor says he 's alright , '' said thomas , appearing in the doorway . 
 `` you certainly did a number on him . '' 
 i grimaced . 
 `` that 's what sophia said . '' 
 he pulled up a chair and sat down next to me , pouring himself a scotch from the bottle in front of us . 
 it was about two hours since i 'd called him , and we were inside a small alpha complex in the inner west , which had a couple of rooms fitted to keep prisoners . 
 holding people was n't something we did often - we pulled strings , we did n't arrest people - but we liked to be prepared , nonetheless . 
 he threw back the entire glass in one sip , wincing with the burn , then shook his head . 
 `` i never suspected he could do something like this . 
 i mean , he was a bit of an asshole , sometimes , but still . 
 not this . '' 
 `` i know , '' i replied . 
 `` is he talking yet ? '' 
 `` not yet . 
 he 's awake , but still pretty groggy . 
 it wo n't be too long , i imagine . '' 
 something in the way he was looking at me told me what was coming next . 
 `` you could have called , you know . 
 when you disappeared , we all assumed the worst . '' 
 i hated that i had to have this conversation , but there was no avoiding it . 
 `` i know , but at that point i did n't know who to trust . '' 
 a look of hurt crossed his face , and i did n't blame him . 
 he was my friend and he deserved my trust . 
 then again , i 'd thought ewan deserved it as well . 
 would i ever be able to fully trust these men again ? 
 i wanted to think so , but i suspected there would always be a niggling doubt . 
 i did n't know what to do with that . 
 maybe i could have lived with it a few years back , but i did n't just have my life to consider anymore . 
 sophia claimed she was okay with the risks , but that did n't mean i was . 
 i could n't stand the thought of ever putting her in jeopardy again . 
 she deserved the happiness that came with a normal life , a life of not constantly looking over your shoulder . 
 no matter how hard i tried , i did n't know if i could provide that anymore . 
 i took the scotch and refilled both our glasses , and we drank in silence for a while . 
 i suspected there would be a lot of this over the coming days . 
 the news of ewan 's betrayal had hit the group hard . 
 `` how 's sophia coping ? '' 
 thomas asked eventually . 
 i felt a ghost of a smile creep onto my face . 
 `` she actually seems okay . 
 she 's a hell of a lot tougher than she looks . '' 
 `` i can believe that . 
 is she still floating around here ? 
 i have n't had a chance to talk to her . '' 
 `` no , i sent her back to the main house with trey . 
 she wanted to stay , but it was obvious how wiped out she was . 
 besides , there was no reason for her to be here . 
 at this point , it 's just a waiting game . '' 
 with ewan in custody , much of the danger had passed , but i was n't willing to let sophia go back out into the real world just yet . 
 now that we knew who the traitor was , she 'd be safe in the alpha house until we could unravel the rest of ewan 's operation . 
 soon , this whole nightmare would be behind us . 
 a few minutes later , marcus walked into the room . 
 `` he 's awake . '' 
 `` does he have anything to say for himself ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` not yet . 
 he wants to speak to you , sebastian . 
 said he wo n't talk to anyone else . '' 
 it was n't a good idea . 
 despite having had a little time to process his betrayal , i still did n't trust myself to be in the same room as him . 
 just thinking about it turned my blood to lava . 
 but ewan was a stubborn son of a bitch . 
 if he wanted me there , he 'd hold out until it happened . 
 `` take me to him , '' i said with a curt nod . 
 i followed marcus into the prison area , and he buzzed me through into ewan 's cell . 
 he was slouched on the bed in the corner of the room . 
 thomas and sophia were right , i really had done a number on him . 
 his face was a mottled collage of purple and yellow . 
 most of his features were barely recognisable behind the swelling and broken skin . 
 he stared up at me , through his one good eye , still managing to look unafraid . 
 `` so . '' 
 my voice could have frozen water . 
 he sighed heavily . 
 `` so . '' 
 `` let 's get this over with . 
 you wanted to see me . 
 well , here i am . '' 
 there was a pause . 
 `` i 'm sorry , sebastian . '' 
 he could n't have surprised me any more if he 'd tried . 
 my hands clenched tight and i took two big steps towards him until i was close enough to feel his breath on my skin . 
 `` sorry ? 
 that 's why you brought me in here ? 
 to apologise ? 
 i do n't want your apologies , ewan ! 
 i want answers ! '' 
 i realised i was shouting , but i did n't care . 
 i needed some outlet for all the anger seething inside me or it was going to come out through my fists again . 
 he flinched , but his expression remained stoic . 
 `` i appreciate that . 
 i 'm not going to pretend like that makes it better . 
 all i want is for you to understand ; everything i did , i did in the best interests of the group . '' 
 `` you do n't get to decide what 's best for the group . 
 that 's not your call alone , '' i spat . 
 `` maybe not , but i did n't see any other way . 
 she 's a liability , sebastian . 
 and now you are too . 
 the way you reacted when she was taken , well , the council ca n't afford to have that kind of weakness . 
 especially not with everything else that 's happening . 
 so i did what i thought was necessary . '' 
 a trickle of discomfort flowed down my spine . 
 `` what do you mean everything else ? 
 you 're responsible for everything else . '' 
 his eyes widened . 
 `` you ca n't be serious . '' 
 `` i 'm deadly serious . 
 you just admitted to trying to take both of us out , but you expect me to believe you were n't the one who tried to kidnap sophia ? '' 
 he sat up taller , raising his head as close to mine as possible . 
 `` i may have been concerned about you for a while , sebastian , but i did n't do anything about it until that night with anton 's men in the safe house . 
 and as god is my witness , i fucking certainly had nothing to do with charlie and simon . 
 they were my friends . '' 
 his voice was louder now and full of conviction . 
 it made my head spin . 
 `` so if it was n't you , who was it ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , but they 're still out there . '' 
 `` you 're lying , '' i said , but i think it was more for my benefit than his . 
 the certainty in his eyes rippled through me . 
 he studied me . 
 `` maybe i am . 
 believe what you like , i guess . 
 it makes little difference to me at this point . '' 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 `` but when all of this comes crashing down around you , do n't say i did n't warn you . '' 
 i stared at him for several seconds , my mind and stomach churning as one . 
 i desperately wanted not to believe him , but what reason did he have to lie ? 
 even if he did convince me , he could n't think that would earn him clemency . 
 there were no excuses for trying to assassinate a brother . 
 perhaps he was just messing with me , a last little ` fuck you ' for good measure , but if that were the case , he was the best actor in the world . 
 besides , the sinking feeling in my belly was growing more powerful with every passing second . 
 the truth was , everything he said made sense . 
 ewan and i had never seen eye to eye , but his dedication to the group bordered on zealous . 
 even with what we thought was proof , right in front of us , i still had n't really been able to see him doing all of this . 
 add that to the inconsistencies sophia had raised earlier in the car , and the doubt only grew . 
 if he was telling the truth then someone else out there wanted to hurt the group . 
 and that meant we were all still in danger . 
 including sophia . 
 i was out the door before i knew it , my phone already in my hand . 
 she 's safe . 
 by now she 's probably asleep back in the house with armed guards stationed all around her . 
 but as the phone continued to ring out , a chill rolled through me unlike anything i 'd ever felt before . 
 ten rings . 
 twenty . 
 no answer . 
 with desperation clutching at my lungs , i hung up and called again . 
 nothing . 
 she 's not answering because she 's passed out . 
 that 's all . 
 i tried trey 's number , but it went straight to voicemail . 
 with my heart beating like a wild drum in my chest , i raced back to find thomas . 
 `` who 's still at the house ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he recoiled as i drew close , like he 'd seen something horrifying in my face . 
 `` what the hell ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 `` the house , '' i repeated , barely even hearing his questions . 
 `` who 's there ? '' 
 he licked his lips . 
 `` jav should still be i think . '' 
 i was dialling before he even finished his sentence , and within a few rings , jav picked up . 
 `` where 's sophia ? '' 
 there was a pause . 
 `` sebastian ? 
 what do you mean ? 
 she 's with you , is n't she ? '' 
 i closed my eyes and drew a ragged breath . 
 this ca n't be happening . 
 `` she was coming back to the house with trey , '' i said slowly , my voice trembling . 
 `` she should have been there an hour ago . '' 
 `` trey has n't been here since he left to meet you . '' 
 my hand shot out to clutch the wall as the room spun around me . 
 there could have been other explanations , flat tires and empty phone batteries , but i knew that was n't the case . 
 i could feel the truth of it right down to my bones . 
 they had her . 
 again . 
 and it was my fault . 
 all the signs had been there , and i 'd ignored them . 
 and now ... oh christ . 
 i had all the power in the world at my hands , and it was n't enough . 
 i could n't even protect the one thing i truly loved . 
 trey . 
 he was responsible for this . 
 whatever destructive plan he had for the group , sophia was somehow involved . 
 and i 'd handed her right to him . 
 thomas ' expression had slipped even further . 
 `` what is it , sebastian ? 
 is sophia okay ? '' 
 but i could n't respond . 
 i could n't even breathe . 
 i felt like i was drowning , like the air around me had suddenly thickened into something my body could no longer process . 
 last time i 'd had a tail on sophia from the start . 
 i knew where they 'd taken her , and i used that purpose and direction to hone my fear into focus . 
 but this time she could be anywhere . 
 the chance of finding her was next to nothing . 
 i collapsed against the wall and buried my head in my hands . 
 i realised i was sobbing . 
 i wanted to die . 
 i wanted to curl up into a ball so tightly i just disappeared . 
 my mind was racing , desperately searching for any kind of next move , but it was like trying to catch the wind in my hands . 
 i had no clues . 
 no information . 
 no hope . 
 and then , my phone vibrated in my hand . 
 the caller id listed sophia 's number . 
 barely breathing , i swiped the screen , and a picture of her flashed before my eyes . 
 she was bound to a slim wooden chair , her mouth gagged , her eyes wide with fear . 
 the caption simply said , `` come alone . '' 
 it did n't give any directions , but it told me all i needed to know . 
 the room in the background was instantly familiar . 
 it was one of the control rooms in the old alpha headquarters . 
 the place the two of us had first met . 
 trey had sophia , and he wanted me to come for her . 
 i felt an icy calm descend over me , a sudden sense of clarity that was almost painfully sharp . 
 despite how stacked the situation looked , he 'd made a mistake by inviting me . 
 i did n't know how yet , but i was going to end this tonight . 
 i 'd failed sophia too many times already . 
 i would n't fail her again . 
 chapter fourteen sebastian there was plenty of muscle waiting for me when i arrived at headquarters ; at least ten men wearing suits and impassive expressions . 
 no one commented as i approached , they just stood by with their hands on their holsters as the two closest moved in to search me . 
 the gun strapped under my arm was commandeered without even a frown . 
 i had n't expected to actually get it past them , but i had to try anyway . 
 i 'd nearly called in the cavalry . 
 thomas had been flipping out trying to work out what was going on , and it would have been so easy to explain the situation and bring the whole team down here with me . 
 but i took trey 's warning seriously . 
 he would n't hesitate to kill her if he got even a sniff of alpha activity , and i had no idea how far his eyes and ears reached . 
 if he had the right alerts set up , she could be dead before our cars made it a block . 
 i could n't take that risk . 
 when the guards were sure i was unarmed , they stepped back and i continued inside . 
 i reached the door that led to sophia 's prison , but i took a moment before opening it to draw a deep breath . 
 i still had no idea how i was going to get us out of this , but i had to remain calm . 
 blacking out , like i did with ewan , would get us both killed in a heartbeat . 
 if i wanted trey and his friends to pay , i had to keep my wits about me . 
 i refused to believe this was the end . 
 after everything sophia and i had been through , an opportunity would present itself . 
 it had to . 
 i turned the handle and stepped inside . 
 sophia sat towards one side of the room , bound to the chair exactly as she had been in the photo . 
 her face was puffy and red . 
 she cried out through her gag when she saw me , a visceral , frightened sound that seemed to echo inside my head . 
 without even realising what i was doing , i began rushing towards her . 
 `` uh uh , '' trey said , stepping into view and pressing the barrel of his gun right up against her temple . 
 `` that 's far enough . '' 
 sophia seemed to be trying to tell me something . 
 she 'd gone quiet , but her eyes flicked continuously between trey and the door behind me . 
 i had no idea what it meant . 
 it seemed like all the cards were pretty much on the table at this point . 
 i turned my gaze to trey . 
 my anger reared like a rabid dog in my chest , but i kept it leashed . 
 focus . 
 `` you , '' i said , my voice sharp enough to cut glass . 
 he blinked a few times , then gave a shaky little bow . 
 `` me . '' 
 the room was empty , apart from the three of us . 
 not that it mattered . 
 he was armed and his goons were just a few steps away . 
 i studied him for several seconds . 
 he mostly looked like himself . 
 his smile held the same playfulness it always had , but there was something dark seething behind his eyes now too , something off . 
 i had no idea how he 'd kept that hidden for so long . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he grinned . 
 `` that 's the million dollar question , is n't it ? '' 
 `` million dollar ? 
 so it 's money you want ? '' 
 `` oh , god no , '' he replied with a laugh . 
 `` bad choice of phrasing , i guess . 
 no , i may not be worth as much as you , sebastian , but i 'm perfectly comfortable . 
 this is about so much more than that . '' 
 the motive behind the attacks had bothered me constantly . 
 i 'd never quite been able to make the pieces fit . 
 `` you killed charlie and aaron . '' 
 trey nodded . 
 `` guilty . '' 
 he did n't show even the slightest sign of remorse . 
 `` how could you do that ? 
 how could you kill your own brothers ? 
 we took you in , made you part of the family , and this is how you repay us ? '' 
 trey 's expression darkened . 
 `` i was never part of the family , sebastian . 
 i may have the tattoo , but i never had the respect . '' 
 i gave a sour laugh . 
 `` respect ? 
 seriously , that 's what this is about ? 
 poor little trey is feeling under-appreciated ? '' 
 his jaw tightened . 
 `` even now , you laugh at me . '' 
 he gave the pistol a little shake . 
 `` not wise to mock a man with a gun . '' 
 for a moment , i thought maybe i 'd gone too far , but eventually he relaxed . 
 `` you know , my dad used to tell me about you guys , back when i was a kid , '' he continued . 
 `` i know he was n't supposed to , but he did . 
 he used to tell me the kinds of things you did , the kind of power you had . 
 i used to dream about the day i 'd be a part of that . 
 then you finally invited me to join , and it was the best day of my life . 
 i finally had a chance to prove myself . 
 i spent the next three years busting my ass for the group , but in the end , you know what i had to show for it ? 
 the same shitty jobs and cruel jokes as when i started . '' 
 `` the group is a lifelong commitment , trey . 
 things do n't happen overnight . 
 you ca n't just waltz in and expect to be running the show . '' 
 `` you did . 
 you were , what , twenty seven when they invited you to the council ? 
 and dad was just twenty five . 
 not to mention marcus . 
 you promote that guy over me ? '' 
 there was something wild in his expression now , something broken . 
 clearly this wound had been festering for some time . 
 `` dad did n't invite me to the group to be a fucking errand boy . 
 i 'm capable of better . 
 i deserve better . '' 
 `` yeah , well your dad would be turning in his grave if he could see you now . '' 
 the words left my mouth before i realised i 'd said them . 
 trey 's mouth parted in a snarl and he flung the gun upwards at me , his arm trembling . 
 `` you take that back , '' he hissed . 
 `` you take that back ! 
 he 'd understand . 
 he 'd be proud i finally stepped up and did something . 
 he was n't the sort of man who let other people walk all over him , and neither am i. '' `` so what is all this then ? 
 revenge ? 
 kill a few group members and make yourself feel better ? '' 
 the smile returned to trey 's face , but it was off somehow , crooked , like i was looking at a reflection of it in a splintered mirror . 
 `` a little , maybe . 
 but there 's more to it than that . 
 that 's the problem with the group now . 
 you do n't think grand enough . 
 besides , i 'm not the one you should really be talking to about revenge . '' 
 i cocked my head . 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 `` well , as much as i 'd love to take all the credit for everything , i have to confess i did n't do it alone . 
 i had a little help from someone who had a slightly more personal stake in all of this . '' 
 he raised his voice . 
 `` you can come in now , babe . '' 
 my eyes darted to the door just in time to see a woman step through . 
 `` hello , sebastian , '' she said . 
 my jaw dropped . 
 it had been years since i 'd seen her , but those perfect features and golden locks were unmistakable . 
 liv . 
 for about ten seconds , nobody spoke . 
 she merely smiled , radiating satisfaction while my mouth worked wordlessly . 
 the sight of her made me feel like i was falling , like everything else was zipping past around me . 
 my stomach heaved , my skin prickled , my lungs seemed frozen in my chest . 
 a million thoughts crashed through my head . 
 for a few moments i was actually certain i was dreaming . 
 `` you 're alive , '' i said finally . 
 liv let out a little giggle . 
 `` as observant as ever , i see . '' 
 she seemed to have actually dressed up for the occasion . 
 between the long black gown she wore and the elegant clutch under her arm , she looked like she 'd come directly from some kind of fancy charity dinner . 
 i took a step towards her , my arm twitching forward ever so slightly before i stopped myself . 
 `` i saw your body . '' 
 `` you saw a body . 
 some poor girl they found in an alley in the cross . 
 od 'd , from memory . 
 a bit of decoration , some creative police reporting , courtesy of trey , and poof , '' she made a fist then popped it in front of her , `` i was dead . '' 
 i felt like my eyes were about to pop out of my head . 
 turning away , i forced them closed . 
 `` do you know what that did to me ? '' 
 her voice was impossibly cold . 
 `` it hurt , i imagine . 
 i hope it did . 
 after the way you left me , you deserved to hurt . '' 
 she had the same callousness to her demeanour now that trey did . 
 it changed her . 
 that feminine allure was still there , but it was hardened , tempered by years of bitterness . 
 two people with huge chips on their shoulders ; in a morbid way , they made the perfect couple . 
 `` i left to protect you , liv . '' 
 i gestured to the room . 
 `` to protect you from all of this . '' 
 `` i did n't want your protection , '' she spat . 
 `` i wanted you . 
 but apparently that was too much to ask . '' 
 i had no idea how i was supposed to be dealing with this . 
 i 'd never been so confused in my life . 
 `` so now you 're with him ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you ca n't have me , so you take this insecure , traitorous little shit instead ? '' 
 treys snarled and lifted the gun once more , but liv raised her hand . 
 `` easy , trey . '' 
 she turned back to me . 
 `` yes , i 'm with him . 
 after you left , it felt like the world had ended . 
 i gave up my life for you , sebastian . 
 my dreams . 
 everything . 
 and then you dropped me without so much as an explanation . 
 when i ran into trey one day , i was desperately looking for a friend , and at first , that 's exactly what it was . 
 but soon enough it turned into something else . 
 he was there for me when no one else was , and so i was there for him too . '' 
 she shot trey a smile , but even that seemed to lack true joy . 
 i wondered how much of their relationship was real and how much was simply fuelled by spite . 
 `` unlike you , he 's not afraid to be himself with me . 
 he does n't treat me like a child who ca n't handle the truth . 
 he told me who he was , who you were , the way you all treated him , and soon it became clear that our goals overlapped . 
 i realised what we had to do . '' 
 i glanced at sophia , hoping the sight of her would steady me a little . 
 she looked almost as surprised as i felt . 
 `` well , it looks like you succeeded , '' i said heavily . 
 `` you 've got me . 
 whatever it is you want , sophia has nothing to do with it . 
 you can let her go now . 
 this is between you two , me , and the group . '' 
 sophia let out a high pitched squeal and shook her head rapidly . 
 i loved that she was n't willing to leave me behind , but i was n't going to let her throw her life away for my sake . 
 i 'd cost her so much already . 
 `` well , is n't that touching , '' liv replied , her voice dripping with scorn . 
 `` trey told me you two had fallen hard for each other . '' 
 for the first time , she turned her attention to sophia . 
 walking closer , she dipped a hand under her chin , stroking it with one finger . 
 sophia tried to pull away , but liv 's grip closed around her face , angling her head upwards . 
 every fibre of my being wanted to stride over there and tear those hands away but , somehow , i restrained myself . 
 we were still poised on a knife 's edge . 
 all i could do was watch as liv appraised sophia , envy and hatred blazing in her eyes . 
 `` to be honest , i 'm not sure i see what all the fuss is about . '' 
 she turned back to me . 
 `` you want us to let her go ? 
 well , that 's entirely up to you . 
 let 's see exactly how much you love her . '' 
 she nodded to trey . 
 `` it 's simple really , '' he said , gesturing to the alpha computer terminal at the end of the room . 
 `` you log me into the system , we release her . '' 
 `` i do n't understand , '' i replied . 
 `` you want council access to the network ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` remember what i said about thinking big ? 
 no , council access wo n't be enough i 'm afraid . 
 i want the main international database . 
 my employers want access to everything . '' 
 `` your employers ? '' 
 he spread his hands . 
 `` the syndicate . 
 you do n't think we hired all those men ourselves , do you ? 
 no , we 've had a little support . 
 once i told them what we could bring to the table , it was n't difficult to convince them to give me a position in their organisation . 
 a senior position . '' 
 so the syndicate was involved . 
 i shook my head . 
 the level of betrayal was beyond anything i could have imagined . 
 trey was quite happy to destroy the entire group , all two thousand years of history , to feed his desperate ego . 
 and liv , my god . 
 i knew i 'd hurt her , but i never dreamed she 'd be capable of something like this . 
 then again , one look at her and it was clear that the woman i 'd fallen in love with was nowhere in sight . 
 all that was left was a bitter parody . 
 i needed to focus . 
 something he 'd said did n't make sense . 
 `` only the current archon can give you that kind of access . 
 you know that . '' 
 he gave a little laugh . 
 `` this is n't the time to play games , sebastian . 
 what do you think we 've been doing for the last two years ? 
 we 've been working out who runs the show . 
 we could n't see the actual orders of course , but you might be aware that liv is a little handy with a pc . 
 she actually managed to get a few bits of software piggybacking on your system , while you two were still together , so between that and my basic alpha access , we 've been able to build a pretty accurate picture of the way information in the group flows . '' 
 i felt a glimmer of hope , the tiniest hint of light at the end of the tunnel . 
 `` and you think it comes from me ? '' 
 trey nodded . 
 `` until a few weeks ago , we had it narrowed down to three . 
 you , simon , or charlie . 
 at that point we decided it was more effective to just ask . 
 after giving the others a little more ... incentive to tell the truth , they still denied it . 
 which just leaves you . 
 i have to admit , i was pretty pissed off when you managed to find sophia the first time . 
 that set us back several weeks . 
 not to mention ewan 's little stunt . '' 
 he gestured to the room around us and smiled . 
 `` but i guess it all worked out in the end , and that 's what counts . '' 
 i let my shoulders sag a little , trying to play along . 
 `` and what do you get out of all of this ? '' 
 i asked liv . 
 `` oh , my aspirations are n't nearly as grand , '' she replied . 
 `` revenge will do me just fine . 
 i 'm so glad it turned out to be you . 
 we had our suspicions , even from the start , but we could n't rely just on those . 
 now we get to take care of everything all at once . 
 it 's so much neater this way . '' 
 `` and if i refuse ? '' 
 `` then we kill both of you , drag you over , and swipe your thumb on the scanner anyway . '' 
 her voice was ice cold . 
 `` so why not simply do that to start with ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` save yourself all this hassle ? '' 
 liv 's expression twisted even further . 
 `` i 'd rather you were alive to watch it happen . '' 
 she 'd obviously intended to sound like she was talking about the downfall of alpha , but the way her eyes narrowed fractionally and darted to sophia as she spoke said it was more than that . 
 i suspected that the moment i gave them what they wanted , liv was going to have trey shoot her in front of me and let me watch her die . 
 my group and my girl in one single move . 
 the ultimate payback for the pain i 'd caused her . 
 judging by the expression on sophia 's face , she realised the truth as well . 
 whatever flimsy mask of self-control she 'd been maintaining so far had crumpled . 
 she looked absolutely terrified . 
 my mind was madly scrabbling for a way to let her know that we were n't totally out of the game . 
 we were only going to have a tiny window of opportunity and i needed her to be ready , but anything i said would tip our hand . 
 and then it came to me . 
 `` you promise you 'll let her go ? '' 
 i asked . 
 liv smirked . 
 `` cross my heart . '' 
 my death , on the other hand , was apparently a given , but i 'd anticipated that the moment i walked through the door . 
 i nodded slowly and began moving over to the computer terminal . 
 trey followed , gun trained on my chest . 
 `` do n't try anything clever . 
 i 'm going to bring up the root alpha portal , and you 're going to swipe your thumb for access , then back away . 
 understand ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 he opened the program . 
 `` all yours . '' 
 i reached out , and then paused with my thumb over the pad . 
 `` you know this is really sweet , '' i said , gesturing between the two of them . 
 `` a real cinderella story . '' 
 a look of confusion crossed both their faces , but i was n't really paying attention to them . 
 i was staring at sophia . 
 for a second , she looked perplexed too , but then her eyes lit up as she recognised the safe word she 'd picked the first time we were together . 
 bingo . 
 i tried to draw a line between her and the floor with my eyes , and she gave a tiny nod . 
 it would have to be enough . 
 `` whatever . 
 get on with it , '' trey said . 
 i took a deep breath , and pressed down . 
 and the room was plunged into darkness . 
 there were two brief cries of surprise , and then the crack of gunfire , but i was already diving to the right . 
 unfortunately i was n't fast enough . 
 heat exploded through my arm and i stifled a scream . 
 it was just a graze along my bicep , but it hurt like hell , and blood was already seeping through the ragged slash in my sleeve . 
 i forced the pain away . 
 i could n't think about that now . 
 if i went down , so did sophia , and that was not an option . 
 a few more bullets slammed into the darkness around me , one passing close enough that i could feel the wind of it on my face . 
 i scuttled along the floor , fumbling blindly for the edge of the desk and pulling myself around it . 
 i had n't been sure it would work . 
 i 'd heard rumours about what happened when someone without authorisation tried to log into the central database , but nobody had ever been stupid enough to try . 
 as i understood it , the whole system , lights , door locks , computers , was now locked down , and an alert had gone out over the network . 
 in a few minutes , alpha would be showing up here in force . 
 of course we still had to survive until they arrived . 
 for a moment i thought that perhaps sophia had n't understood my message , but a split second later there was a loud crack , the sound of wood splintering . 
 she 'd thrown herself to the ground . 
 `` what the hell , trey ? '' 
 it was liv 's voice , and there was a tremble running through it now . 
 he let out a howl and fired blindly again . 
 `` we checked everyone . 
 it had to be you . 
 it had to ! '' 
 he sounded as though he was talking mostly to himself . 
 there was a distant commotion outside . 
 no doubt trey 's guards were trying to leap to his defence . 
 but with the system down , all doors into this room had sealed themselves . 
 they were n't getting in any time soon . 
 trey had gone quiet now , apparently realising that sound was everything when you were fighting in the dark . 
 sophia , however , was still audible . 
 judging by the noise it had made , the chair had broken when she fell , but she still had to extricate herself from the remains . 
 if i did n't distract them , it would n't be long before they found her . 
 it was incredibly disorienting being in pitch darkness . 
 my mind 's eye knew roughly where i 'd landed , but with no point of reference i felt lost , like i was swimming in a sea of nothingness . 
 i groped behind me where i thought the bookshelf should be , but all i snatched was empty air . 
 i could still hear sophia struggling to my right somewhere . 
 `` trey ? '' 
 said liv again . 
 `` quiet , '' he hissed . 
 his voice had moved now . 
 it was in the centre of the room . 
 i was running out of time . 
 finally , my hands found something solid , the leather spine of a book . 
 i slipped it from the shelf as quietly as i could and then hurled it towards where i 'd last heard trey . 
 i do n't know if i struck anyone , but there were two startled screams as the book collided with something , and another bullet zinged into the furniture to my right . 
 i threw several more , sliding softly along the ground , never staying the same spot . 
 judging by the yelp of pain , at least one of my projectiles hit its mark , but it was n't enough . 
 at best i was just delaying them by a few moments . 
 trey had stopped firing now , knowing the muzzle flash gave him away . 
 i debated simply charging the area where i 'd heard him cry out , but i doubted he was staying in one place , either . 
 all that would do is make me an easy target . 
 i wracked my brain for a way to locate him in the darkness . 
 his mistake had given us a chance , but he still had the advantage . 
 he was armed and i was wounded . 
 even through the endorphins flooding my brain , my arm was burning like crazy . 
 it would n't kill me , but i was already feeling woozy and light-headed . 
 i needed to end this soon . 
 i fumbled through my pockets looking for anything that might give me an edge . 
 keys , wallet , phone . 
 phone . 
 and just like that , something clicked into place in my head . 
 burying it beneath my jacket , i took a moment to steady my quivering thumb , then i swiped the screen . 
 i had to be quick . 
 i was shielding the light as best i could , but in the pitch darkness it could still give me away . 
 fortunately , on this unit i only had one number in my favourites list . 
 sophia 's . 
 i mashed the call button , then locked the screen once more , stuffing it into my pocket to hide the noise . 
 trey had used her phone to text me just half an hour earlier . 
 i hoped to god he was still carrying it . 
 after a few agonising seconds , i was rewarded with a chime just a few meters to my left . 
 it was one of those abrasive , pre-programmed ringtones , and it sounded impossibly loud in the blackness . 
 someone gasped , and i prepared to charge towards the noise , but then another gunshot rang out . 
 for a moment , i was overcome with confusion . 
 trey had the only gun , and the shot had n't come from the same place as the call sound . 
 but then liv spoke , and i understood . 
 `` what ? '' 
 her voice was soft , but full of disbelief , the phone still ringing by her side . 
 there was the sound of something heavy dropping to the floor . 
 trey let out a long shriek , and the pain of it was nearly enough to pin me in place . 
 in spite of everything they 'd done to us , and the years i 'd already thought her dead , i still felt a burst of anguish myself , knowing that she 'd been shot . 
 but this was my opportunity , and sophia 's life still hung in the balance . 
 i had to act . 
 i launched myself into the darkness , hurling my body towards the source of the cry , praying that he was frozen in shock . 
 my shoulder contacted something soft , and there was a grunt , and then we were tumbling to the ground . 
 i wrestled blindly for his arm and two more shots sprayed into the darkness . 
 the sound was loud enough to set my ear ringing . 
 i was bigger than he was , but i was injured , and he was filled with the mad fury of a man with nothing left to lose . 
 my wound was like fire , spreading all across my left side , as i wrestled him for control of the gun . 
 sophia must have removed her gag . 
 i could hear her calling to me now , desperate and frightened , but i did n't have the oxygen to reply . 
 every ounce of me was going into this fight . 
 somehow , i pulled myself on top of him , wrapping my hand around his fingers and twisting , sending the gun skidding off into the blackness . 
 he clawed at me with his free arm , snarling wordlessly , but with his body beneath mine , my superior weight came into play , and i managed to keep him at bay . 
 but it would n't last . 
 i could feel myself tiring . 
 with one final surge of energy , i forced my way through his guard , seizing his hair and pulling it up before slamming his head back onto the floor . 
 his body went limp . 
 and just like that it was over . 
 as the adrenaline faded , the rest of the world came back into focus . 
 sophia was still calling for me . 
 `` sebastian ? 
 please , answer me . '' 
 `` i 'm okay , '' i replied hoarsely . 
 `` i 'm okay . '' 
 she let out a little sob . 
 `` i thought he 'd shot you . 
 i did n't understand what was going on . 
 are they ... ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 dragging myself off trey , i reached out to check his pulse . 
 he was alive . 
 i suspected i 'd just knocked him unconscious . 
 i turned towards where i 'd heard liv fall , searching for any sounds of life , but the darkness stayed silent . 
 i could n't bring myself to try and confirm it . 
 i 'd already felt her death once . 
 `` i think we 're safe , '' i said . 
 `` what about them ? '' 
 she asked , and i realised i could still hear the faint rattling of trey 's men trying to break their way inside . 
 `` these doors are deceptively strong . 
 we 'll be fine in here until the cavalry arrives . '' 
 i searched until i found the gun . 
 it was unlikely trey or liv would trouble us again , but i was n't taking any chances . 
 by the time i reached her , sophia had shed the rest of her bonds . 
 she was shivering and , as she burrowed into me , i ran my hand up and down her arm , despite knowing it was n't the cold that chilled her . 
 `` what happened there ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` with the lights i mean ? 
 one moment i was sure we were dead , the next you were signalling at me , and then everything just went crazy . '' 
 `` they had the wrong guy . '' 
 `` so you 're not the leader ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` nope . '' 
 she actually laughed . 
 it was a tiny sound , but glorious too , and it seemed to release something inside me . 
 `` then who the hell is it ? 
 because i have to say , i was pretty sure it was you , too . '' 
 at that moment , there were several gunshots outside . 
 sophia tensed . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 that 'll be the good guys . '' 
 the door opened , and in stepped joe , flanked by several guards . 
 `` well , are n't you two a sight ? '' 
 he said . 
 it took her a few moments to understand . 
 `` no . 
 way . 
 you 're in charge ? '' 
 joe grinned in amusement . 
 `` that 's perfectly ridiculous , sophia . 
 after all , i 'm just a driver . '' 
 but she was n't having any of it . 
 she turned to me . 
 `` does that make you second in charge ? '' 
 `` what happened to letting me keep some secrets ? '' 
 i replied , but i kept my voice light . 
 there was little reason to hide anything at this point . 
 soon , the room was swarming with people . 
 once it had become clear how stacked the odds were , the syndicate soldiers outside had thrown down their weapons and surrendered . 
 we had n't lost a single man . 
 trey was still out cold , but nonetheless his stretcher was escorted out by an entire team of our best guys . 
 i was n't sure what exactly would become of him , but i was certain it would n't be pleasant . 
 in our laws , the only crime worse than trying to kill a fellow brother is trying to hurt the group itself , and he 'd committed both to extreme levels . 
 liv , on the other hand , would n't have the chance to be punished . 
 trey 's bullet had taken her through the neck , nicking an artery , and she 'd bled out , there in the dark . 
 i could n't even stomach to look at her body . 
 my mind was still reeling from discovering she was alive . 
 dealing with her death for a second time was the last thing i needed . 
 at some point , while everything was being dealt with , sophia slipped away . 
 i found her sitting on alone , on a stool , in the crumbling old bar at the front of the complex . 
 `` this is where it all started , '' she said as i approached . 
 `` if i had n't snuck through the door that night , all of this would have played out differently . '' 
 i nodded . 
 i 'd never believed much in fate or destiny . 
 the idea of having no control over my life terrifies me to my core . 
 but it was hard not to feel the divine hand of providence in all of this . 
 how else could i have found the soul that so perfectly matched my own ? 
 the person that healed the wounds i 'd thought were beyond repair ? 
 `` do you regret it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` that night ? '' 
 one side of her mouth curled up . 
 `` not even for a second . '' 
 part of me thought that made her crazy , but it was exactly what i needed to hear . 
 i pulled up a stool and joined her . 
 `` is it over then ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i 'm almost scared to say yes , but i think , this time , it actually is . 
 we still have a lot of cleaning up to do . 
 i expect once trey tells us what we need to know , the group will be moving against the syndicate asap . 
 it will be messy , but it needs to be done . 
 with any luck , things will be back to normal in a few weeks . '' 
 she nodded , and for about thirty seconds we sat in silence . 
 `` i 'm sorry about liv , '' she said eventually . 
 i exhaled slowly . 
 `` now that was a surprise . '' 
 she reached out and took my hand . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i did n't answer straight away . 
 after all of the betrayal and deception , and with all of the hurdles still to come , i felt like i mostly definitely should not be okay . 
 but sitting there , with her fingers laced through mine , the worst of our problems finally in the rear view mirror , all i felt was a strange sense of contentment . 
 `` you know , i actually am . '' 
 epilogue sophia the period after it was all over was a bit of a blur . 
 having learned my lesson , i stayed close to sebastian for a few days , making sure all the loose ends were tied up . 
 when we were confident it was well and truly over , sebastian moved back into his apartment and i went with him . 
 he 'd organised a crew to come through and fix the damage to my place , but i was n't ready to go back there yet . 
 maybe i never would be . 
 sleeping alone still held a lot of terrors for me . 
 i doubted i 'd fully get over my experiences for some time . 
 surprisingly , it was kind of difficult to adjust to a normal life again . 
 after the constant adrenaline , the daily grind felt a little muted , a little dull . 
 i was n't stupid enough to actually miss all the peril and the betrayal and the men with guns , but there was a certain mystique to having been involved in that clandestine world that , in retrospect , i could almost romanticise . 
 despite the fact that we were living together , sebastian and i did n't get much time alone for the next few weeks . 
 the alpha group was in turmoil over everything that had happened , and there was an awful lot of cleaning up to do . 
 i missed him . 
 after everything we 'd been through together , that powerful sense of ` us versus the world ' , it felt strange to suddenly be apart once more . 
 but i tried to use that time to focus on getting back into my old rhythm . 
 my boss was pleased to have me back , and i assured him that this time it was for good . 
 a few days later , the promotion he 'd hinted at officially came through , and i became a senior associate . 
 there was something extra satisfying about the idea of not just being promoted , but stepping into jennifer 's shoes . 
 i had no doubt i 'd be up to the task . 
 i even managed to fit in a little pre-hens night with the girls , which left me with a headache to rival anything trey had injected me with . 
 `` i knew that skank had to have a secret ! '' 
 said ruth , when i filled her in on what had happened with jennifer . 
 `` yeah , talk about sleeping your way to the top , '' agreed lou . 
 `` the worst part is that it was with alan , '' i said , suppressing a shudder . 
 `` no promotion under the sun is worth that . '' 
 `` well , i 'm glad things are back on track , '' said lou . 
 ruth 's smile turned playful . 
 `` speaking of back on track , you hinted on the phone that sex-on-legs had a change of heart too . '' 
 i grinned at the nickname . 
 `` it looks that way . '' ' 
 `` well , that 's awesome , '' she replied . 
 `` if any other woman is going to have him , i 'm glad it 's you . '' 
 `` you never had him at all ! '' 
 her smile widened and she tapped the side of her head . 
 `` up here i did . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` i choose to take that as a compliment . '' 
 `` and so you should . 
 just do n't go getting any ideas about diamond rings and screaming toddlers , like this one here , '' she said , nodding to lou , `` or i may have to disown you both . '' 
 `` oh do n't be so dramatic , '' replied lou . 
 `` once soph squeezes one or two out and settles down in the burbs , you can come around on fridays and play charades with us ! '' 
 ruth 's face twisted in mock horror . 
 `` i 'm not sure there will be much settling in our immediate future , '' i told them . 
 `` after all , i have a partnership ladder to climb . '' 
 in truth , i had been feeling a little uncertain about the future , but not for that reason . 
 it was one thing sebastian and i had yet to talk about . 
 the events of the last few weeks had shown the depth of his feelings for me , and i returned them just as strongly . 
 but now that things were returning to normal , and the adrenaline was fading , the reality of that commitment was sinking in . 
 for better or for worse i 'd fallen for a man with some rather unique obligations , and i did n't know exactly what they meant for us . 
 i had no objections about the way our life was now ; in fact , it felt a little like i was living in some kind of dream , but was that going to be our life forever ? 
 were the things ruth joked about permanently out of reach ? 
 all i knew was that i loved him and wanted to be with him , and i figured we 'd work it out as we went along . 
 a week or so later , sebastian surprised me with another trip to mi casa . 
 it was every bit as warm and welcoming as i remembered , with several waiters i only dimly recognised welcoming me like an old friend . 
 the food was incredible again , and since i knew what was coming , i buzzed with anticipation for the entire meal . 
 as the plates were cleared , and the music started , sebastian stood and held out his hand . 
 `` may i have this dance , my lady ? '' 
 this time there was no hesitation . 
 `` certainly , sir , '' i replied with a giggle . 
 we danced for what felt like hours , our bodies slowly igniting each other with sensuous rhythm . 
 i half expected him to pull me aside again , to relieve the tension , but much to my disappointment , he restrained himself . 
 eventually , he guided me to the edge of the crowd , and then towards the door . 
 i did n't have to ask where we were going . 
 it was much warmer outside than the last time he 'd brought me here , and even up on the headland , utterly exposed to the elements , there was only a soft sea breeze . 
 we settled on the grass , just a few metres from the cliff 's edge , and nestled against one another , gazing out over the dark water . 
 `` this really is a spectacular view , '' i said . 
 he nodded , but did n't reply , his brow slightly furrowed in contemplation . 
 `` is everything okay ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he blinked several times , then turned to me , his lips curling into a smile . 
 `` everything is perfect . '' 
 he planted a kiss on the top of my head . 
 `` i do want to talk to you about something , though . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 let me guess . 
 thomas has gone rogue and is hunting us even as we speak ! '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` not quite . '' 
 his expression slipped to something that almost looked like nervousness . 
 `` i was hoping you 'd like to make our living arrangement permanent . '' 
 `` for real ? '' 
 we basically were already living together , but nonetheless , the formal acknowledgement was a big step . 
 `` for real , '' he confirmed . 
 `` i love knowing that i 've got you to come home to every night . 
 i want to know that i 've got that forever . '' 
 the word ` forever ' sent a warm tingle rolling through my chest . 
 `` you make me sound like a kept women , '' i replied . 
 `` what about the nights where i come home to you ? '' 
 i was going for a little sass , but it was somewhat ruined by the sickly sweet smile i could n't seem to wipe off my face . 
 he chuckled . 
 `` i love those , too . '' 
 i made him sweat it for a few seconds , but the truth was he 'd had me from the moment he opened his mouth . 
 hell , he 'd had me almost from the moment we met . 
 there was no want left in our relationship now , only need . 
 i needed him like i needed air , and i could n't imagine going home to a house without him either . 
 `` of course i 'll move in with you . '' 
 he let out a long breath and his face lit up like a christmas tree . 
 `` that 's what i wanted to hear . '' 
 `` although i have to say , ruth 's probably going to have an aneurysm . 
 i 'm the last domino standing , and i have no doubt she 'll see this as a sign that the end is nigh . '' 
 `` the end ? '' 
 `` you know , marriage , kids , impractically fluffy pets . 
 to ruth that stuff is the end . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` i see . '' 
 `` no pressure from me - these hips wo n't be passing any little bundles of terror for at least a few more years - but if you plan any more big changes , give me a little notice so i can ease her into the transition , okay ? '' 
 his expression lost a little of its amusement . 
 `` well actually , there is one other thing i wanted to mention . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 i said cautiously . 
 there was a long pause . 
 `` i quit . '' 
 something shifted in my stomach . 
 `` quit ? 
 what do you mean quit ? 
 i thought that was n't allowed . '' 
 `` well , maybe that 's not quite the right word . 
 rather , i asked joe to fire me . '' 
 `` he can do that ? '' 
 sebastian shrugged . 
 `` he 's in charge . 
 he can pretty much do what he wants . 
 call it a perk of knowing the boss . '' 
 `` and he was okay with it ? '' 
 sebastian gave a surprised little smile . 
 `` yeah . 
 he actually seemed happy to do it . '' 
 i shook my head slowly , trying to come to grips with what he was saying . 
 i could n't deny that the idea of having sebastian all to myself filled me with joy , but i did n't want that at the expense of his happiness . 
 `` wow . 
 i appreciate the gesture , sebastian , but are you sure ? 
 i mean , we 're doing okay now , are n't we ? 
 things do n't need to change . '' 
 `` i 'm not worried about the ninety nine percent of the time things are going fine , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm worried about the one percent that they 're not . '' 
 there was pain on his face now . 
 `` everything that happened recently has made me realise a few things . 
 i 'm not sure i 'll ever trust the group like i used to . 
 those men are my friends , and they 'll remain that way , but they also swim in dangerous waters . 
 you know that as well as anyone . '' 
 he took one of my hands in his and raised it to his mouth , brushing soft kisses across each knuckle . 
 `` maybe nothing like that will ever happen again . 
 but i 'm not willing to risk it . 
 i 'm not willing to risk you . '' 
 the look on his face , the fierceness , the fire , the love , it rippled through me . 
 but still , this felt like too much . 
 `` i do n't know , sebastian . 
 i mean , this is who you are , this is what you do . 
 it may not make for an ideal relationship , but we can make it work . 
 i never expected you to give up your life for me . '' 
 `` this is n't me giving up my life , sophia , '' he said . 
 `` this is me beginning it . '' 
 i could only shake my head and grin like an idiot as my heart melted into a puddle in my chest . 
 `` well , how can a girl argue with that ? '' 
 he pulled me in for a kiss and , for a while , i lost myself in his lips . 
 there was a strange sensation blossoming in my chest , one that took some time for me to recognise . 
 hope . 
 he was right . 
 everything was perfect . 
