 chapter one the morning after fleeing the hotel i woke , bleary eyed and exhausted , to the sound of my phone buzzing in my purse . 
 when i 'd finally found my way home it had been well after midnight and in spite of everything that had happened , i 'd passed out almost instantly . 
 a quick look at the clock told me i 'd overslept . 
 i slipped my phone from my bag just as the ringing stopped . 
 12 missed calls . 
 i did n't even have to look at the caller id . 
 there was only one person who had any reason to ring that many times . 
 i was vaguely surprised that sebastian was so frantic . 
 i 'd figured that since the game was up , he 'd admit defeat and take the opportunity to slink away quietly , but for some reason he seemed intent on fighting it out . 
 a night 's sleep had done little to temper my anger . 
 i hate being lied to . 
 a tiny part of me thought that perhaps i 'd overreacted , that i should have given him a chance to explain , but my past mistakes were constantly looming in my mind . 
 i 'd seen signs before and i 'd turned a blind eye . 
 i would n't fall into that trap again . 
 the phone started ringing again before i even made it to the shower . 
 flicking it to silent , i shoved it into my purse . 
 i figured if i ignored him for long enough he 'd eventually get the message . 
 but i was wrong . 
 as i was trotting out the door , i felt it vibrating against my side . 
 and again , three minutes later , in the taxi . 
 twelve calls became twenty . 
 there was only so much i could take . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i said , answering gruffly . 
 `` sophia , thank god . 
 i 've been calling all morning . '' 
 `` really ? 
 i had n't noticed . '' 
 `` i did n't know what else to do . 
 what the hell happened to you ? 
 why did you run off ? '' 
 he sounded breathless and there was a faint crack running through his voice that i 'd never heard before . 
 `` what do you care ? 
 you got what you wanted . 
 and judging by that text message , you do n't need me anymore . '' 
 `` text messa ... oh christ . 
 why were you looking through my phone ? '' 
 `` i was n't . 
 i got up to get a drink and it went off behind me . 
 bad luck for you , hey ? 
 you nearly got away with it . '' 
 `` listen , it 's not what you think - '' `` save it . 
 look , sebastian , this whole thing was a mistake . 
 i should have trusted my gut to begin with . 
 i need you to stop calling . 
 this is my work number and i ca n't have you tying up the line all day . '' 
 it was a lie , but a believable one . 
 `` please , if you just let me come and see you for five minutes i can explain . '' 
 if i did n't know better i 'd have said he almost sounded desperate . 
 it was nearly enough . 
 even through the phone i could feel him pulling at me like gravity . 
 the desire to see him again was almost overpowering . 
 but i closed my eyes and steeled myself . 
 `` so you can sweet talk me again ? 
 no thanks . 
 i 'm done listening to your lies . 
 say hi to her for me . '' 
 `` but , sophia - '' `` goodbye . '' 
 i mashed the end call button with more vehemence than necessary . 
 i half expected him to ring back again , but the phone remained silent . 
 i should have felt happy , or at least relieved , but instead i just found myself second guessing my decision . 
 it did n't make any sense . 
 i barely knew sebastian . 
 i should have been able to cut him free without breaking a sweat . 
 but try as i might , i could n't ignore the strange sense of loss that was forming like a grey puddle in my stomach . 
 as the cab pulled up to my office , i did my best to compose myself . 
 i could n't afford to be distracted today . 
 after my day off , i knew my inbox would be dangerously full , and it was going to take at least an hour just to sort through . 
 the rest of the morning was a blur of meetings , telephone calls , and emails . 
 immersed in work , sebastian gradually slipped to the back of my mind . 
 he was still there , like a niggling splinter , but i managed to ignore him and focus on the task at hand . 
 it was the sort of day that seems like it will never quite end . 
 calls streamed in one after the other , partners who wanted information tracked down or clients needing documents drafted . 
 my original day 's work fell to the wayside as i madly attempted to juggle the new requests that were flowing in faster than i could deal with them . 
 it was hectic , but i have to admit there 's a certain thrill to be had when you 're under the gun like that . 
 the higher the pressure , the more i enjoy my job . 
 it 's an art balancing so many tasks at once , and it 's an art i excel at . 
 by the time the dust began to settle , it was ten o'clock . 
 somehow , i 'd finished everything that needed doing . 
 my stomach rumbled as i stepped out onto the street , reminding me exactly how long ago my last meal had been . 
 there had n't been time for such trivial things as dinner . 
 after wolfing down a pad thai from a nearby restaurant , i flopped into a cab and headed home . 
 as the afternoon 's adrenaline began to fade , i realised how wiped out i was . 
 my fitful night 's sleep and twelve hour day were catching up with me , and i still ached in several places from sebastian 's games . 
 sebastian . 
 he had n't called again . 
 i did n't know if i was pleased or frustrated by that . 
 knowing the effect he had on me , it was probably for the best . 
 who knew what other lies he might have spun if given the chance . 
 this way i could put him out of my mind and focus on what was important . 
 however , when the car pulled up outside my house , that plan promptly went to shit . 
 standing on the front porch , looking as breathtaking as ever , was the man himself . 
 i cursed under my breath . 
 he could n't have chosen a worse time . 
 my hormones put me at enough of a disadvantage when talking to him without adding tiredness to the equation . 
 but there was no way to avoid him now . 
 `` sophia , '' he said , as i stepped out onto the footpath . 
 his usual look of serene confidence was gone , replaced by something darker and more drawn . 
 `` what are you doing here , sebastian ? 
 it 's ten thirty at night . '' 
 `` you said not to call , and i did n't want to upset you any more . '' 
 `` so , what , you 've just been waiting for me to get home ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` how long have you been standing there ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 a few hours . 
 it 's not important . 
 i wanted to speak to you . '' 
 it was a strangely touching gesture . 
 but my resolve held . 
 `` well , i do n't want to speak to you . '' 
 i took a step towards my door , but he slid in front of me , blocking my path . 
 `` five minutes , sophia . 
 that 's all i ask . 
 hear me out , and if you do n't believe me , i 'll leave you alone forever . '' 
 i knew from past experience how persistent he was . 
 he would n't give up until i did as he wanted . 
 i sighed . 
 `` fine . 
 get on with it . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` thank you . 
 look , i 'm sorry you saw what you saw , and i completely understand why you reacted the way you did . 
 but i promise i have n't told any lies . '' 
 i raised my eyebrows and gestured for him to continue . 
 `` that picture ; it was from hannah . '' 
 i started to object , but he cut me off . 
 `` i ended things with her just like i said i had . 
 i swear it . 
 i had her transferred to someone else in the company , to avoid any professional conflict . 
 i even blocked her old phone number . 
 i did everything in my power to cut her off . '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` and so her revenge is to send you erotic photos of herself ? '' 
 he licked his lips . 
 `` she did n't take the news very well . 
 to be honest , i 've got several of those messages over the last few weeks . 
 judging by some of the things she 's written , she thinks she can win me back , but i promise you that wo n't happen . '' 
 i stared at him , unsure what to think . 
 it did make sense . 
 i 'd seen the way she looked at him . 
 and at me , for that matter . 
 but the best lies were always based on the truth . 
 `` what about the girl on your wallpaper ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he froze . 
 for a brief moment , a look of pain crossed his face . 
 it was gone almost as soon as it arrived , but there was no doubt i 'd touched a nerve . 
 `` i did n't realise you 'd seen that . '' 
 he gave a small shake of his head . 
 `` she 's an old flame . 
 i 'd rather not go into detail , but she 's not in the picture anymore , i promise . 
 the photo is just something to remember her by . '' 
 so he had n't always been the uncompromising player he was now . 
 someone had gotten through those walls once . 
 interesting . 
 i weighed his defence . 
 it sounded genuine , but that was no guarantee . 
 i 'd been lied to in the past , lied to by men with sincere eyes and silver tongues . 
 `` i 'm not sure if i believe you . '' 
 he began pacing . 
 `` why would i lie ? 
 you think i 'm so hard up i need to trick girls into coming to bed with me ? 
 you think i stand on porches for hours on end on the off chance it might get me laid ? '' 
 he had a point . 
 if he was trying to deceive me , he was going to an inordinate amount of effort . 
 `` i do n't know what i think anymore . '' 
 i closed my eyes and shook my head . 
 `` why me ? 
 i mean , why go to all this effort for me ? 
 you just said it yourself , you 're not exactly lacking feminine attention . 
 hell , if what you 're saying is true , hannah would basically do anything you asked . '' 
 he exhaled heavily . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 there 's something about you sophia . 
 i ca n't explain it , but the moment i saw you at our party i knew i had to have you . 
 and after last night ... '' he paused , as if gathering his thoughts . 
 `` the way you taste , the way you smell , the feeling of your body underneath mine ; i 'm not ready to give that up . '' 
 swallowing suddenly became difficult . 
 in spite of all my emotional turmoil , once again he 'd managed to flick that switch inside me . 
 i swear i felt the space between us crackle to life . 
 `` i just do n't kno - '' i began , but the words died on my tongue as he took two big strides towards me and seized my hands in his . 
 with our chests just inches from each other , i was once again reminded of how big he was . 
 his towering frame dwarfed mine , that potent magnetism washing over me like a warm breeze . 
 `` sophia , listen to me . 
 last night , the things we did , the ropes , the blindfold ; that takes an immense level of trust . 
 you put yourself totally in my hands . 
 why ca n't you extend me the same trust now ? '' 
 and although i had n't thought of it that way at the time , i realised he was right . 
 i could n't have done those things if i did n't trust him . 
 sure , i 'd been afraid , but it was fear of pain , fear of the unknown , and in spite of that fear , i 'd given myself to him anyway , trusting that he 'd take care of me . 
 i realised then that i was afraid of something else too . 
 i was afraid that sebastian would get in his car and drive off and i 'd never see him again . 
 i did n't know why , but that fear was worse than anything i 'd felt last night . 
 `` okay , '' i said quietly . 
 `` you believe me ? '' 
 the relief on his face was almost palpable . 
 i nodded slowly . 
 i felt like an idiot . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i should have given you a chance to explain . 
 i do n't have the best history when it comes to judging men . 
 these days i tend to err on the side of caution ... or possibly paranoia . '' 
 he looked like he wanted more details , but thankfully he did n't ask . 
 i did n't want to have that conversation now . 
 later maybe , but not now . 
 i 'd already exposed him to enough of my crazy for one week . 
 `` there 's nothing wrong with a little paranoia , '' he said instead , shooting me a smile . 
 `` it 'll help keep me on my toes . '' 
 `` thanks , but i still feel stupid . '' 
 he took my hand . 
 `` do n't . 
 i understand i 'm not the easiest man to trust . 
 i ca n't promise you much , sophia , but i promise i 'll never lie to you . '' 
 `` that 's all i can ask . '' 
 for a few seconds , i simply stood staring up into his eyes . 
 i still did n't really understand what had transpired between us . 
 for someone so intent on keeping his distance , the lengths he 'd gone to seemed excessive . 
 he was a puzzle , and despite my best efforts , it looked like i 'd get a little more time to solve him after all . 
 `` you want to come in for a drink ? '' 
 i asked , flashing my best provocative smile . 
 i could feel the makings of a killer makeup sex session brewing inside me . 
 `` maybe i can find a way to make it up to you . '' 
 he grimaced . 
 `` i wish i could , but i actually have a trip to take . 
 something unfortunate has happened with one of our projects , and i 'm being sent down to melbourne to sort it out . '' 
 `` you ca n't even spare twenty minutes ? '' 
 i asked , running my hand slowly down his chest . 
 he closed his eyes and drew a slow breath . 
 i could almost feel the battle that was being waged inside him . 
 `` sorry , but the plane is sitting waiting on the tarmac right now . '' 
 i rocked back in disbelief . 
 `` you held up a plane to come and talk to me ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` it 's our company plane , and it was only for a few hours . 
 i did n't like the thought of leaving knowing you were upset with me . '' 
 `` well , you sure know how to make a girl feel special , '' i said with a laugh . 
 `` when will you be back ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 could be a few days , could be a few weeks . '' 
 i tried my best to hide my disappointment . 
 `` okay . 
 stay safe . '' 
 `` i 'll try . '' 
 he turned and began to make his way down to the waiting car . 
 `` and sophia , do n't worry . 
 i have a few ideas about how you can make it up to me . 
 i 'll be in touch . '' 
 there was something wicked in his smile that made the muscles between my legs clench . 
 i had the sneaking suspicion that even from across the country , the sexy games would continue . 
 chapter two the rest of the week passed in a familiar rhythm . 
 it turned out that monday 's flurry of work was a sign of things to come . 
 the phone just would n't stop ringing . 
 i tried my best to get my other jobs done quickly , hoping some wrights work would come my way , but the deluge of menial tasks simply would n't let up . 
 it was frustrating . 
 other associates were across the hall doing something really meaningful , and i was stuck drafting settlement agreements for petty insurance claims and cleaning up my colleagues ' contracts . 
 in spite of my busyness , sebastian was never far from my mind . 
 it was strange . 
 i felt like we 'd known each other a lot longer than a few weeks . 
 it irked me to admit , but i realised that i missed him . 
 his text messages certainly did n't help . 
 they started innocently enough . 
 sebastian : i 'm sorry i had to leave the other night . 
 i wanted to stay , but my hands were tied . 
 sophia : that 's alright . 
 i know how it is . 
 is everything okay down there ? 
 sebastian : not really . 
 we 've had some major setbacks . 
 hopefully i can get things back on track soon though . 
 i 'm already sick of being stuck down here . 
 i liked that he was thinking of me even when he was busy . 
 it seemed like our argument in my office had done some good . 
 but as usual with sebastian , things quickly grew hotter . 
 i started one morning with this exchange . 
 sebastian : you know , i have n't been able to get our last night together out of my head . 
 sophia : oh ? 
 = -rrb- sebastian : i ca n't wait to do that to you again . 
 i ca n't wait to tie you up and fuck you until you ca n't even speak anymore . 
 sophia : so hurry up and get back here ! 
 sebastian : haha . 
 patience . 
 sometimes a little wait does a lot of good . 
 i 'm enjoying thinking of all the things i 'm still yet to do to you . 
 you have no idea how hard i 'm going to make you come . 
 yeah . 
 how the hell is a girl meant to function with messages like that in her inbox ? 
 they did n't come too often , but they were just frequent enough to leave my libido on constant simmer . 
 to make matters worse , no matter how hot i got , i was n't allowed to relieve myself . 
 he 'd made it very clear that was against the rules . 
 several nights when i was nearly at breaking point , i considered doing it anyway , but something stopped me . 
 he 'd know . 
 somehow , he 'd know . 
 and so i powered on and did my best to ignore it . 
 because of the sheer volume of work coming in , i spent the entire weekend at the office . 
 there were a few less people around then , and so some more meaty jobs trickled down my way , but by monday they 'd all dried up again . 
 finally i decided i 'd had enough of sitting on the bench . 
 `` ernest , have you got a minute ? '' 
 i said , knocking on my boss 's door . 
 `` sophia , sure . 
 come in . '' 
 i shut the door behind me and took a seat in front of the desk . 
 i never quite knew what to make of my boss . 
 a slim , balding man of about fifty , he constantly wore a harried look , as though he were just an instant from being overwhelmed by it all . 
 he was the law firm equivalent of middle management ; reasonably competent , but totally unambitious . 
 he 'd been a partner at the firm for the last twenty years , but never seemed to care about moving any higher than that . 
 he 'd always seemed to like me , which is why i felt comfortable going to him . 
 his relatively lowly position meant he could n't intervene directly to change alan 's orders , but he still held more sway than i did . 
 if he pushed hard enough , he might be able to make something happen . 
 besides , i was desperate . 
 `` i just wanted to talk to you about the wrights case . '' 
 his eyes brightened . 
 `` it 's fascinating is n't it ? 
 a real coup for us . '' 
 `` i would n't know . 
 i 've basically done nothing but pick up the slack for the last week . '' 
 he looked a little uncomfortable . 
 `` oh now , i 'm sure that 's not true . '' 
 `` it is true . 
 you know what i spent the morning doing ? 
 cross referencing nick and will 's notes for that fraud case . '' 
 he licked his lips . 
 `` well , that kind of thing needs to be done too . 
 you know how it is , you do n't always get to pick and choose what you do . 
 work gets given to the people best suited to the task . '' 
 `` sorry , but that 's bullshit , ernest . 
 i 'm one of the best associates on this floor and you know it . 
 so why are n't i being allowed to help ? '' 
 his mouth curled into a sympathetic smile . 
 `` i 'm not co-ordinating this case , sophia . 
 believe me , if i were you 'd be at the top of the list . '' 
 i slumped deeper into my chair . 
 that was pretty much the response i 'd been expecting . 
 `` okay , let me ask you a different question then . 
 do you have any idea why alan dislikes me so much ? '' 
 `` alan does n't dislike you . 
 he 's just very ... particular about how he does things . '' 
 it was an incredibly diplomatic way of saying that he played favourites . 
 `` well i wish he 'd be particular in my direction occasionally . 
 seriously , i bust my ass for this company , ernest , and lately i get nothing in return . '' 
 he gazed at me for several seconds . 
 `` look , how about this . 
 i 'll make some calls and see if i ca n't call in a few favours . 
 but in the meantime i need you to ride this one out . 
 if you kick up too much of a fuss you might piss off the wrong people . 
 you know how this place is . '' 
 i felt a glimmer of hope . 
 `` that would be great , ernest . 
 thanks . '' 
 it probably would n't do much good , but it was better than nothing . 
 `` now if you 'll excuse me , i better get back to it . 
 i think there 's a child in my office who needs his school absence note drafted . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` good luck with that . '' 
 well , i 'd played my hand . 
 all i could do now was wait . 
 `` it 's something , '' said ruth , when i called her a few hours later . 
 `` yeah . 
 i do n't think it 'll amount to much though . '' 
 i let out a heavy sigh . 
 `` maybe it 's just the girl factor . 
 maybe i need to suck it up and find a nice boutique firm somewhere where a cock is n't considered mandatory equipment for success . '' 
 `` hey , there 's always a job for you here . 
 helping unhappy couples tear each other apart financially is rewarding in its own way . '' 
 `` i 'll keep that in mind , '' i said with a laugh , although i knew that was n't really me . 
 i could never do what ruth did . 
 it was a little too daytime chat-show for me . 
 `` so how are things with your mystery man ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i swear i could hear her grin travelling down the phone line . 
 `` okay . 
 actually to be honest , i had a bit of a freak out , but it turned out i was just being an idiot . 
 we talked it through , and things are good now ... i think . '' 
 `` you think ? '' 
 `` well , he had to fly to melbourne for work the day we made up . 
 we 've texted a little , but i have n't actually seen him since then . '' 
 `` ah bummer . 
 oh well , absence makes the heart grow fonder and all that crap . '' 
 `` it 's not his heart i 'm interested in . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` ah , well it can make that grow fonder too . 
 trust me . '' 
 i did n't sleep well that night , and the next morning i arrived at work in a foul mood . 
 however , it did n't last long . 
 resting in the centre of my desk when i walked into my office was a neatly wrapped box . 
 there was no postage stamp or delivery address . 
 instead , on the face , in elegant , flowing script , was a single word . 
 sophia . 
 my heart leapt . 
 i 'd only seen that handwriting once before , in the royal bay , but everything about that night was etched permanently into my brain . 
 i walked over and picked it up , weighing it in my hands . 
 it was n't particularly heavy , but there was something solid within . 
 shutting the door to protect from wandering eyes , i sat down at my desk and slowly peeled away the ribbon . 
 rather than containing the object itself , inside the first box was another box . 
 on top rested a note . 
 i found myself grinning . 
 games within games . 
 that was so like him . 
 dear sophia . 
 i 'm sorry i 've been gone so long . 
 things here are still messy and i have to stay until we can sort them out . 
 please forgive me . 
 i know i promised you a way to make up for the other day , and as much as i would like that to involve me being inside you , it will still be a few days until i return . 
 fortunately , i 've come up with an alternative that i think you 're going to enjoy . 
 today i have a task for you . 
 after you finish reading this note , i want you to sneak off into the bathroom , lock yourself in one of the cubicles , and masturbate through your panties . 
 play as long as you want , but our rules still stand : you 're forbidden to come . 
 take the second box with you . 
 when you 're done , open it . 
 there will be further instructions within . 
 have fun . 
 - s a tingle rolled through me as i read . 
 the request was both exciting and risky . 
 aside from sebastian 's kiss the other week , i 'd never so much as fooled around in the office before . 
 my job was just too important to me , and i did n't want to do anything that could come back to bite me . 
 but the fact that sebastian had commanded me to do it made it much more alluring . 
 i could hear the words in his voice as i read , that strong , implacable tone that seemed impossible to resist . 
 it was as though he was right behind me , leaning over my shoulder , strong hands lightly caressing my body as he whispered in my ear . 
 and i felt compelled to do as i was told . 
 glancing out into the corridor i saw that the building was still largely empty . 
 most days i tried to arrive before the bulk of my colleagues ; i found that first hour of silence before the daily office buzz began was my most productive . 
 and at that moment , it provided the perfect cover . 
 picking up the smaller box , i slipped casually out the door and headed for the ladies ' room . 
 i passed a few other early-birds as i went , nodding greetings and trying to look calm . 
 were their smiles just friendly , or was there something smug behind them ? 
 it seemed impossible , but i could n't shake the feeling that they knew what i was up to . 
 it was like the fabric store all over again . 
 i knew it was all part of sebastian 's game , but that did n't make it any easier . 
 i clutched the box to my chest and began to walk faster , my cheeks burning with embarrassment , or excitement , or some baffling combination of the two . 
 i 'd never thought of the threat of being exposed as appealing before , but i was quickly learning that there was something strangely thrilling in that fear . 
 i made it to the bathroom without anyone crying foul and slipped into a cubicle with a sigh . 
 giving my heart a moment to settle , i sat on the toilet seat and inspected the smaller box . 
 it was made from the same dark cardboard as the larger one , and as i tilted it from side to side , i could feel the object inside sliding around through the thin walls . 
 like a child on christmas day , i began to try and guess what lay within . 
 judging by his request , it was probably something sexy , maybe a vibrator ? 
 or something i might have to wear ? 
 i was incredibly curious . 
 it took a lot of restraint not to simply tear the lid off then and there . 
 but he 'd asked me to wait , and so i did . 
 instead , i reached down and hiked up my skirt , exposing my intricate pair of black lace panties . 
 like most girls , my underwear collection ranged from stuff i did n't wear out of the house to a few victoria 's secret pieces i saved for special occasions . 
 normally for work i wore something in between , but since meeting sebastian , my sexier pieces had been getting all the attention . 
 as much as i hated the idea of grooming to please a guy , with his spontaneous appearances and unconventional approach , i never knew when i might need to look my best . 
 masturbate through your panties . 
 it seemed like an odd request , but i 'd already learned that with sebastian , the specifics were often important . 
 after listening once more to make sure there was nobody else hidden away in another cubicle , i reached out and ran a hand tentatively across my shrouded sex . 
 even through my underwear , i could feel how turned on i was . 
 my juices had already begun seeping through the sheer cloth . 
 i had no idea how he could do that to me with a simple letter , but i was n't about to waste time considering it any further . 
 i began to stroke myself in a slow , steady rhythm . 
 i was no stranger to a little fun for one . 
 when you work the kind of hours i do , you just do n't have time to seek out the real thing as often as you 'd like . 
 but this was a totally new experience . 
 being in a public place gave it a frenetic edge that seemed to heighten every sensation . 
 at any moment , one of my workmates could burst in and catch me in the act . 
 after just a minute , my heart was thundering in my chest and i could taste something sharp on my tongue . 
 it felt a little like i was putting on a performance . 
 sebastian was n't there to see of course , but nonetheless he knew what i was doing . 
 he knew that sometime that morning i 'd be in the office bathroom , just thirty feet from my colleagues , pleasuring myself at his command . 
 i imagined him doing the same thing , stroking that magnificent cock and picturing me . 
 that thought drove me wild . 
 a moan escaped my lips as i shortened my motions , strumming my trigger with increasing urgency . 
 the lace of the panties was rough against my skin , and the faster i rubbed the more it bit into me . 
 perhaps sebastian intended it that way , perhaps he knew the kind of underwear i 'd be wearing . 
 such precise planning would n't have surprised me - he 'd long since proven how easily he could read me - but in truth the sensation did n't bother me . 
 it was nothing more than a tickle compared to the delights he 'd already shown me . 
 my breath began coming in short , sharp bursts , and a trickle of sweat lined my brow . 
 i could feel an orgasm swelling up inside me , beckoning to me with unrestrained promise . 
 you 're forbidden to come . 
 the words echoed in my head . 
 i wanted to obey him . 
 i knew there was a purpose behind everything he asked , a purpose that would undoubtedly lead to more pleasure later , but i was already so close . 
 every part of my body burned with desire . 
 that week of waiting while my imagination ran wild seemed to have built up inside me , and now it was all bubbling to the surface . 
 another few seconds and i knew i 'd be past the point of no return . 
 the tiny , logical part of my mind that was n't flushed with hormones began to make peace with the fact that i was going to fail . 
 he 'd probably have a punishment prepared , and i doubted he 'd be as gentle as last time . 
 i might even be forced to meet the paddle . 
 but there was nothing i could do , the pressure was too great . 
 then , moments before my climax took hold , i heard the bathroom door fly open . 
 it was like somebody had pulled the plug out from inside me . 
 all the passion and arousal instantly drained away as i let out a mortified gasp . 
 how much had they heard ? 
 i had no idea how loud i 'd been . 
 as excited as i was , it would n't have surprised me if the entire floor knew what i was up to . 
 it was one thing to savour the threat of getting caught , but it was quite another for it to actually happen . 
 there was a pause , as though the person was deciding whether to speak . 
 `` are you okay in there ? '' 
 she said eventually . 
 the sing-song voice instantly sent a slinking sensation down my spine , like a wayward insect . 
 jennifer . 
 i cursed silently . 
 of all the colleagues that i 'd want to walk in on me , she was at the bottom of the list . 
 hell , if you threw my mother , grandmother and all my ex-boyfriends on there , jennifer was still at the bottom . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 she continued . 
 `` do you need any help ? '' 
 i winced . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 just ate some bad prawns last night i think . '' 
 i could almost picture her face twisting into that supercilious smile as she recognised me . 
 `` ah , sophia , i did n't realise it was you . 
 i hope it 's not serious . '' 
 did she sound smug because she knew about my little date for one in here ? 
 or was it just general pleasure at my discomfort ? 
 it was impossible to tell . 
 jennifer always sounded so damn self-satisfied . 
 `` it 's alright . 
 i 'll be fine in a couple of minutes . '' 
 `` good , good . 
 the wrights case is really ramping up and we need as many hands on deck as we can get . 
 i 'd hate for you to miss out because of a weak stomach . '' 
 the woman 's tone was saccharine sweet . 
 i growled quietly to myself . 
 why would n't she just leave ? 
 `` i know . 
 i would n't miss it for the world . '' 
 `` i know you would n't . '' 
 i heard the tap begin running , followed by the tear of paper towel . 
 `` i just came in here to freshen up . 
 big meeting this morning . 
 mister bell himself is going to be there . 
 anyway , i have to run . 
 i do hope you feel better . 
 if you need anything , just sing out . 
 ta ta . '' 
 the door opened , and then the room fell silent once more . 
 i 'd go to hell and back before i went to you for help . 
 i took a deep breath and tried to calm myself . 
 it seemed like i 'd gotten away with it , although it was hard to tell with her . 
 she 'd be just as likely to keep it to herself for a few months and pull it out at an opportune moment as to rub it in my face then and there . 
 on the plus side , i technically had n't disobeyed sebastian , although it was through no strength of my own . 
 i wondered if that counted . 
 regardless , i was n't finished yet . 
 my eyes flicked down to where the box lay on the floor . 
 take the second box with you . 
 when you 're done , open it . 
 i was still shaken from my near miss with jennifer , but i scooped it up anyway . 
 a trace of my earlier fire flared between my legs as i gazed at it . 
 sebastian was nothing if not inventive , and i was rapidly discovering just how much i liked his games . 
 it was a simple gesture , classic really , an unexplained package left quietly on a desk , but he always knew how to give things just enough of a twist to set my blood pumping . 
 sexy commands , boxes within boxes ; it was like some kind of kinky russian doll . 
 unable to wait any longer , i tugged gently at the ribbon and the box fell open . 
 `` oh god , he did n't , '' i said , to no one in particular . 
 it had been years since i 'd seen a butt plug . 
 one past boyfriend had been more than a little fixated on my ass , so i 'd consented to a little anal play . 
 we never actually progressed to sealing the deal - it turned out my ass was n't the only one he was fixated on - but we made it as far as a little toy play . 
 i did n't have the fondest memories of those times . 
 i exhaled sharply . 
 in the throes of my last passionate encounter with sebastian , i 'd expressed a willingness to consider anal play , but in the cold , hard , fluorescent light of reality , the idea lost most of its charm . 
 i picked the plug up slowly , turning it in my hand . 
 it was n't particularly big - three inches long and about the thickness of a large index finger , with one end that tapered to a round point - but in the context of where it was supposed to go , it looked positively daunting . 
 there was another note in this box , lying next to a small white tube that i assumed was lubricant . 
 i picked up the note gingerly . 
 dear sophia . 
 i trust you enjoyed that . 
 i must admit , the thought of you pleasuring yourself kept me awake most of last night . 
 i will definitely require a more intimate show when i return . 
 but the game is not quite over yet . 
 you 've obviously discovered my little gift . 
 in my opinion , it 's something every girl should own . 
 i know you 're probably a little uncertain about such things , but i think you 'll come to take pleasure in them eventually . 
 besides , it would make me extremely happy . 
 i originally bought it to use on you myself , but since i 've been delayed , i figured maybe you could get started without me . 
 there 's no time like the present . 
 with that in mind , i want you to remove your panties and place them in the box . 
 give the plug a healthy dose of lube and then insert it as far into your ass as you can . 
 do n't be shy ; the deeper the better . 
 then , i want you to return to your desk and continue working as normal . 
 i have no doubt it will be uncomfortable to begin with , but that will pass . 
 i love the idea of you going about your day exposed and penetrated for me . 
 even though i 'm not there , you 'll have a little piece of me inside you , a constant reminder of my presence . 
 you do n't have to leave it in all day ; it 's best to start slowly . 
 an hour or two should do it , and if you enjoy the sensation , we can go from there . 
 now , if you followed my instructions properly , your panties should be in quite a state . 
 i wish i were there to do something about that myself - i can practically taste you on my tongue right now - but seeing as i 'm not , i 'd like you to save them for me . 
 you 're forbidden to wear them for the rest of the day . 
 just keep them there in the box . 
 and to make things a little more interesting , i 'd like you to keep it on your desk until you leave . 
 i do hope you do n't get too many visitors . 
 i will be in touch later in the day to see that my orders have been followed . 
 have a lovely day . 
 - s my mouth fell open as i read . 
 the plug was n't just a gift . 
 he expected me to wear it right now . 
 my eyes darted to the lube , then back to the toy , and i swallowed loudly . 
 theoretically , nobody would notice - it was small , and i was n't exactly in the habit of flashing my work mates - but still , the very idea was crazy . 
 walking around the office all day wearing a sex toy was about the most inappropriate thing i could think of . 
 except perhaps leaving a pair of sex-wet panties out on my desk . 
 i got the sense it was more about the risk than the panties themselves , and while it was true they 'd be hidden inside something , it would n't take much for someone to start asking questions . 
 but even as my rational self madly tried to dissuade me , the new sophia , the one that had only recently awakened , was buzzing with excitement . 
 being commanded to do such risque things was a huge turn on . 
 it made me feel like the naughty little minx i 'd never known i wanted to be . 
 and beyond that , it would make sebastian happy , which was a reward all of its own . 
 his pleasure became my pleasure ; he 'd made that very clear . 
 i began preparing . 
 breaking the seal on the lube , i squeezed a healthy dollop out onto my hand and smeared it all over the plug . 
 you 're not basting a damn turkey , i thought , admiring my handiwork . 
 that thing is going inside your ass , do n't be stingy now . 
 so i took a second squeeze and did it again . 
 soon , i could barely keep a firm grip on the thing . 
 not giving myself a chance to change my mind , i hiked up my skirt once more , slipped my underwear free , bent over , and brought the small rubber tip up to my delicate ring . 
 the lube was cold against my skin , but the light pressure was not unpleasant . 
 i thought back to our last night together , to the gentle probing of sebastian 's finger . 
 in the heat of the moment , i 'd kind of enjoyed that . 
 perhaps it would n't be so bad . 
 with a deep breath i began to apply pressure . 
 the first inch was surprisingly easy , slipping in with little resistance , but as the shaft gradually grew wider , it began to hurt . 
 my sphincter started to spasm and tighten , rebelling against the foreign sensation . 
 i gritted my teeth and tried to relax , but it was impossible . 
 my body seemed to have a mind of its own . 
 i growled in frustration . 
 closing my eyes for a moment , i tried to regroup . 
 think of that night in the hotel . 
 think of the wonderful things sebastian still has to show you , the things he 'll do to you if you please him . 
 and somehow , it worked . 
 slowly but surely , my muscles loosened and the plug began to slide deeper . 
 it was a lengthy process , and i stopped twice to apply more lube , but eventually i buried the entire thing inside me , right down to the handle . 
 i let out a deep sigh , followed by a wince . 
 the toy was as painful as i 'd feared . 
 my ass burned with the fullness of it . 
 i experimented , shaking my hips back and forth and applying gentle pressure to the plug with my hand . 
 every motion sent a sting coursing through me as my muscles stretched far beyond what had been asked of them recently . 
 it was an invasive sensation , and far from comfortable , but it was done now . 
 stubbornness meant i would see it through , at least for a while . 
 after checking that the room was empty , i slipped out of the cubicle and inspected myself in the mirror . 
 i looked a little flustered , and somehow i 'd given myself a perfect sex hair makeover despite the fact that i 'd been playing solo . 
 also , you 're walking like you 've got a stick up your ass , which i guess in a manner of speaking , you do . 
 on the plus side , that should make you a shoe-in for partner . 
 i spent a minute washing the heat from my cheeks and collecting myself , before taking another deep breath and marching out through the door . 
 i half expected jennifer to have gathered the entire building to witness my walk of shame , so i was pleasantly surprised to find the corridor outside empty . 
 perhaps i really had gotten away with it . 
 the walk to my desk seemed to last an eternity . 
 every few steps i found myself reaching out to smooth the back of my skirt , certain there was a large , plug shaped knob visible under the material . 
 at one point , one of my colleagues decided to pop out of his office for a chat . 
 it was one of the most excruciating conversations of my life . 
 i could barely string two words together , and with every stumble i felt more certain i had given myself away . 
 after a minute or so , i mumbled something about needing to go , and took off before he could stop me . 
 i 'd never been happier to arrive at my office . 
 slipping inside and shutting the door , i pressed myself against it and closed my eyes . 
 safety . 
 a nervous laugh escaped my lips as i considered the lunacy of what i 'd just done . 
 little bell was one of the oldest and most eminent law firms in australia . 
 it was a company steeped in tradition , yet there i was marching the hallways with a pair of sodden panties in a box in my hands and a sex toy between my legs . 
 it was crazy . 
 for the hundredth time , i asked myself why i was giving sebastian so much control , but of course i knew the answer . 
 because i enjoyed it as much as he did . 
 the next few minutes were extremely uncomfortable . 
 having something buried in my ass was such an alien feeling that i could barely concentrate . 
 several times i came close to giving up . 
 but gradually , as my muscles began to adjust , the discomfort ebbed away . 
 that unwavering pressure was still there , but the longer i worked , the less it bothered me . 
 at some point , i realised that i was actually beginning to enjoy it . 
 it was n't pleasurable in a direct way , but the sense of fullness was extremely satisfying . 
 and beyond that , there was the psychological effect . 
 sebastian was right , the plug acted as a constant reminder of his presence . 
 i 'd be working through a dense case file , my mind utterly focused on the task at hand , when a sudden shift in position would send a wave of sensation curling through me . 
 it was distracting , but also immensely erotic ; as though he was stimulating me from across the country . 
 the message was clear : even when we were apart , i was still his . 
 it was difficult to work at my normal pace . 
 i tried my best to focus , but i could n't slip into my normal steady rhythm . 
 the morning 's activities had left me buzzing with energy . 
 my latent orgasm still simmered somewhere inside me , and whenever i looked up from my work , i found my eyes wandering to the box that sat just a few inches from my keyboard . 
 it was closed of course , and looked fairly innocuous , but nonetheless it was nerve-wracking knowing that such a thing was out in the open , just waiting to be discovered . 
 it seemed so damned obvious . 
 i swore i could smell hints of my earlier excitement hanging in the air . 
 for a while it seemed like i might escape the day without any visitors , but around lunch time , i heard the dreaded sound of a knock at my door . 
 it was elle . 
 `` feel like ducking out for a bite , soph ? '' 
 my cheeks instantly turned red . 
 just chill . 
 she probably wo n't even notice it . 
 `` i better not , '' i replied . 
 `` i 've got a ton of stuff to do here . '' 
 she grimaced . 
 `` bah . 
 i guess it 's me and the boys again then . 
 i have to say , i 'm getting a little tired of pretending like i give a shit about football . '' 
 `` next time , '' i said , smiling sympathetically . 
 she nodded . 
 `` sure thing . '' 
 i thought i 'd gotten away with it , but as she began to turn away , her eyes suddenly lit up . 
 `` and what have we here ? '' 
 she said with a grin . 
 `` a secret admirer perhaps ? '' 
 even though she had n't moved , i found my hand darting out to clutch the box anyway . 
 good work , sophia . 
 could you be any more obvious ? 
 i tried to remain composed . 
 `` i wish . 
 it 's just my sister trying to make up for forgetting my birthday . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` that was two months ago . '' 
 `` what can i say ? 
 she 's a crappy sister . '' 
 she studied me for several seconds , but eventually gave a short nod . 
 `` fair enough . 
 get anything good ? '' 
 i breathed a silent sigh of relief . 
 `` movie vouchers and chocolate . 
 original hey ? '' 
 elle laughed . 
 `` not really , but i would n't be complaining . 
 anyway , the others are waiting , so i better bail . 
 i 'll catch you later . '' 
 `` sure . 
 seeya . '' 
 even after she 'd gone , it took a few minutes for my muscles to unclench . 
 that had been a lot closer than i 'd hoped . 
 i had to admit though , again , part of me had enjoyed the perverse thrill of coming so close to exposure . 
 it was such a simple thing , but so naughtily creative at the same time . 
 i had no idea where sebastian 's mind came up with such ideas . 
 the afternoon passed slowly . 
 as my excitement wore off , i began to find my groove again . 
 at about two o'clock , my desk phone rang . 
 the caller id showed an unfamiliar number . 
 `` hello , '' i said tentatively . 
 `` hello , sophia . 
 i hope you enjoyed your present . '' 
 i let out a little sigh . 
 it was nice just to hear his voice again . 
 `` i did . 
 i 'm wearing it right now in fact . '' 
 `` how 's the fit ? '' 
 he asked , his voice playful . 
 i laughed . 
 `` it was a little tight to begin with , but i think you got my size just right . '' 
 `` excellent . 
 how about my other requests ? '' 
 `` all done . '' 
 `` i 'm impressed . 
 had any close calls ? '' 
 `` one , but i dealt with it . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` i 'm glad to hear it . '' 
 i hesitated , choosing my words carefully , not wanting to sound too needy . 
 `` so how 's the trip ? 
 are you nearly done there ? '' 
 `` a few more days probably . 
 there 's still one or two things to take care of . '' 
 `` good , because after this morning , i 'm thoroughly in need of a good seeing to . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` i know the feeling . 
 christ , i 'm hard just thinking about you sitting there with no panties on . 
 but in any case , good behaviour deserves a reward . 
 since you did such a wonderful job this morning , i 'm going to lift the rules . 
 you 're free to come as many times as you want until i return . '' 
 i blew out a slow breath . 
 part of me wanted to run back to the bathroom that very moment and finish what i 'd started . 
 but i restrained myself . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 you 've earned it . 
 but save a little something for me . 
 i 've got plans for you when i get back . '' 
 `` i 'll do my best . 
 and you should know , i 'll be thinking of you the whole time . '' 
 `` i would expect nothing else , '' he said . 
 `` on another note , i saw on the news yesterday that your firm has picked up that big pharmaceutical class action suit . 
 i bet that 's pretty exciting . '' 
 i sighed . 
 what a way to kill the mood . 
 `` it is , for the people working on it . '' 
 `` and i take it by your tone that you 're not one of them ? '' 
 `` not at the moment . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , sophia . '' 
 `` hey , it 's okay , i 'm used to it , '' i replied . 
 `` anyway , i should go . 
 i may not be working on wrights , but i have a pile of other stuff to do . '' 
 `` no problem . 
 i 'll be in touch when i get back . 
 have a good night . '' 
 `` i most certainly will . 
 bye . '' 
 knowing i had sebastian 's blessing to relieve the pressure made the rest of the day a little easier . 
 i got through everything i had to do by six o'clock . 
 i think i was beginning to appreciate the new side of me that sebastian was gradually teasing out , because i found the walk out with no underwear on immensely enjoyable . 
 it was my little secret that nobody else knew , and it made even the simple act of saying goodbye to people sexy . 
 plus i knew that somewhere , a thousand kilometres away , it was driving sebastian crazy , which made it hotter still . 
 a few people tried to stop me on my way out to chat , but i politely excused myself . 
 i had more important things on my agenda . 
 like a long overdue date with a battery operated friend . 
 chapter three the next night , i gave myself an early mark and headed home from the office at five on the dot . 
 if they were n't going to assign me the work i wanted , i sure as hell was n't giving them maximum effort . 
 i decided a little me-time was in order . 
 after taking a long , luxurious bath , i settled on the couch with a bowl of bolognese and a glass of wine , and flicked on the television . 
 i could n't remember the last time i 'd gone full couch potato . 
 even those rare moments when i did find a little spare time , i usually felt like i should n't waste it on the likes of commercial television , but there 's something to be said for just sitting down and zoning out occasionally . 
 i channel surfed for a while , flicking from one terrible reality show to the next . 
 even by my vegging out standards , most of the stuff was truly appalling . 
 at some point in my wandering i skipped to bbc news . '' 
 - been nearly a week and police still do n't know the motive behind the killing , but a source inside british parliament says it could have been politically motivated . '' 
 i froze . 
 there was a picture of a shirtless man on the screen . 
 he looked to be in his sixties , but was still fit , with a broad chest and thick arms that belied the wrinkles on his face . 
 i 'd never seen him before , but nonetheless there was one very familiar thing about him . 
 tattooed on his right bicep was a stylised letter a . 
 the image was grainy and indistinct - it looked like a hasty camera phone holiday snap - but the mark appeared almost identical to the one sebastian wore . 
 the shot cut to a police man . 
 `` our initial findings indicate that mister reynolds was tortured , possibly for several days , before eventually dying of his injuries . 
 we 're working closely with the government in our investigation . '' 
 the program moved on to another story , but i was no longer paying attention . 
 i 'd never seen that symbol before meeting sebastian . 
 if the two of them had shared a different tattoo , a dragon or skull and crossbones or some other generic ink , i would n't have thought much of it , but this was a very specific image with very specific typography . 
 it looked to be a different size , and was in a different place on his body , but still , it was a little eerie . 
 firing up my laptop , i began looking for more information . 
 the man 's name was christian reynolds and he 'd been the environment secretary of state for the british government . 
 he 'd been a british citizen his whole life and a government employee for thirty years . 
 no one knew for sure why he 'd been killed , but based on the extensive torture he 'd suffered , it was suspected to have been about information . 
 i could n't find a better picture of him , but after taking a closer look at the one shot that was circulating , i was fairly convinced that the marking was the same . 
 it had to be a coincidence . 
 he and sebastian were worlds apart . 
 different countries , different careers , different generations . 
 perhaps it was just a more common symbol than i realised . 
 i knew the smart thing to do was just forget about it . 
 i 'd caused enough trouble already by letting my paranoia get the better of me . 
 what was i going to do ? 
 wander up to sebastian and say , `` excuse me , but do you happen know this random dead guy from the other side of the world ? '' 
 it sounded absurd . 
 but as i flicked the television to another station and tried to focus on my kitchen rules , my mind continued to wander . 
 something about that ornate little symbol bothered me . 
 i just could n't put my finger on it . 
 chapter four a few nights later i was once again out having drinks with the girls . 
 my week had gone steadily downhill since sebastian 's call , and when lou had suggested we hit the town , i 'd jumped at the opportunity . 
 `` nothing says ` friday night ' like a tray of mojitos , '' i said , setting our drinks on the table . 
 `` hear hear , '' replied ruth , raising her glass . 
 she took a long sip and sighed appreciatively . 
 `` so now that it 's had a few weeks to sink in , how 's it feel to be the future mrs steven page , lou ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no complaints . 
 to be honest it 's pretty much the same , but it makes steve more comfortable . 
 we want to start trying for kids soon , and his parents just would n't be able to stomach it if we did n't tie the knot first . '' 
 `` bah , kids , weddings , i do n't like all this growing up , '' said ruth . 
 `` pretty soon i 'll be sculling cheap vodka alone in jackson 's on a friday night , while you two host dinner parties and play charades , or whatever the fuck it is responsible people do in their downtime . 
 it 's selfish , is what it is . '' 
 `` hey do n't lump me in with that crowd , '' i said . 
 `` there are no nappies or white dresses in my future . '' 
 lou grinned at me . 
 `` that 's not what i hear . 
 i hear you might have a mystery gentleman of your own , now . '' 
 i shot ruth a look . 
 `` hey , she dragged it out of me ! '' 
 i glared at her for a few seconds , but eventually broke into a laugh . 
 i 'm not sure what else i expected . 
 once you told ruth something it was as good as front page news . 
 `` it 's not like that . 
 it 's strictly a casual thing , '' i told lou . 
 `` so ? 
 these things always start out casual . 
 that 's what the first few dates are . 
 does n't mean it ca n't go somewhere eventually . '' 
 `` with this guy , i think it does . 
 he 's not exactly the settling down type . 
 i struggle to picture any woman keeping hold of him for very long . 
 besides , he 's made his intentions perfectly clear , and i 'm fine with that . '' 
 at that moment , my phone started buzzing in my bag with sebastian 's name flashing across the screen . 
 `` speak of the devil , '' i said . 
 `` he 's back in town ? '' 
 ruth asked . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` let 's find out . '' 
 i answered the call . 
 `` hey . '' 
 `` sophia . '' 
 the word sounded impossibly sweet off his tongue . 
 he claimed he 'd trained girls to come with a simple command , and the longer i knew him , the more i believed that might be true . 
 `` back in sunny sydney ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yes , i arrived this afternoon . '' 
 `` good flight ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` flights are never good . 
 let 's go with the word tolerable . '' 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 `` i 'd like to see you , sophia . 
 tonight , if possible . '' 
 `` aww , did you miss me ? '' 
 `` you do n't know the half of it . 
 i could n't get the image of you playing with yourself out of my mind . 
 i have n't been able to concentrate for days . 
 i intend to make you do that again and this time i 'm going to lick your pussy clean myself . '' 
 i blushed . 
 there was something so hot about discussing such intimate things with my friends just a few feet away . 
 `` i think i can arrange that , '' i said coyly . 
 `` excellent . 
 there 's a little company gathering i need to go to now . 
 nothing like the other week , a small group , but there are some people there i have to talk to . 
 why do n't you come with me ? 
 we can have a drink , and after we can see about that show . '' 
 `` i 'm out with the girls at the moment , '' i said , although both of them were waving me on . 
 `` also , i 'm not dressed for a fancy party . '' 
 `` how many times do i have to tell you that i do n't care what you 're wearing ? 
 you look gorgeous no matter what . 
 besides , if i have my way , you wo n't be wearing much of anything for very long . 
 will your friends mind if i steal you away ? '' 
 i glanced at their eager faces . 
 `` i think they 'll cope , '' i said . 
 `` wonderful . 
 where are you ? '' 
 `` zeta bar , in the hilton hotel . '' 
 `` i know it . 
 i 'll be there in half an hour . '' 
 `` see you then . '' 
 ruth snorted as i stashed my phone back in my purse . 
 `` yeah , casual indeed . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i replied . 
 `` look at you , you ca n't wipe the dopey smile off your face . '' 
 `` i can too ! '' 
 i said , making a conscious effort to twist my mouth into a scowl . 
 it was surprisingly difficult . 
 `` lou ? '' 
 ruth said , turning to the other woman . 
 she grinned at me . 
 `` if you 'd been any more gooey-eyed , soph , you 'd have been melting onto the table . '' 
 i shifted uncomfortably in my seat . 
 sure , i was excited to see sebastian , but that was purely my raging libido talking . 
 `` you can shut up , both of you . 
 it 's just fun because it 's new , you know ? 
 that 's all . '' 
 `` if you say so , '' said lou , although her expression said she did n't buy it . 
 `` anyway , he 'll be here soon , so i 'd appreciate if you two could do your best not to embarrass me . '' 
 i was secretly looking forward to them meeting sebastian . 
 i 'm not ashamed to admit that i wanted to show him off a little . 
 i 'd been with attractive guys in the past , but none had nearly the same visceral impact that he did . 
 his sheer presence and overt sexuality were a sight to behold . 
 i could n't wait to see the effect he 'd have on the girls . 
 he did n't disappoint . 
 a little while later , i spotted him sauntering through the crowd . 
 `` so somehow she thinks it 's my responsibility because ... '' lou was saying to ruth , however she trailed off as sebastian appeared behind me . 
 `` sophia , '' he said , laying a hand gently on my shoulder . 
 `` right on time , '' i replied . 
 `` sebastian , these are my friends , ruth and louisa . '' 
 `` a pleasure to meet you , '' he said , shaking each of their hands . 
 they returned the gesture dumbly , their mouths hanging slightly open like they 'd forgotten how to speak . 
 it was incredibly satisfying seeing them stilled like that , although i could n't say that i blamed them . 
 he looked good enough to eat . 
 somehow he 'd managed to maintain that perfect level of rough stubble he 'd worn the first night we met . 
 that , combined with his wild black curls and roguish smile , gave him an exotic , devil may care look that practically screamed , `` mind blowing orgasms ! '' 
 i did n't think there was a woman in the room who would be immune to that . 
 `` you too , '' said ruth eventually . 
 `` would you like to sit down ? 
 we could get another round . '' 
 `` as much as i hate to turn down the company of three beautiful women , we should go . 
 the party has already started . 
 you two do n't mind if i take her away do you ? 
 i 'd be in your debt . '' 
 they both shook their heads slowly . 
 `` wonderful . 
 i 'm just going to get a glass of water and then we 'll go , okay ? '' 
 `` sure , '' i replied . 
 i could only grin as their eyes followed him across the room . 
 `` jesus , soph , '' said lou , when he was out of earshot , `` i take back what i said before . 
 i think you 'd be hard pressed not to go a little gooey with him on the other end of the line . '' 
 ruth exhaled slowly . 
 `` yeah , i 've got ta hand it to you hon ' , that is one fine specimen of a man . 
 i do n't suppose he has any eligible friends ? '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` i 'll let you know after i meet some of them tonight . '' 
 she turned to lou . 
 `` think you could find your way back to that bar ? 
 maybe there 's another function we can slip our way into . 
 something with firemen , hopefully . '' 
 `` give me another few drinks and i might just be on board , '' lou replied . 
 she grinned at ruth 's surprised expression . 
 `` what ? 
 i 'm engaged , not dead . 
 i can look ! '' 
 at that moment sebastian returned . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` you have a good night , girls , '' he said . 
 `` you too , '' replied lou . 
 joe was waiting by the curb outside . 
 `` hi joe . '' 
 `` good evening , sophia . '' 
 `` what did you get up to while sebastian was gone ? 
 did you go out and paint the town red ? '' 
 `` oh , nothing as exciting as that i 'm afraid . 
 it was a lot of staring at the phone and waiting for him to call , looking back wistfully on old pictures of me driving him around , that sort of thing . '' 
 sebastian grinned . 
 `` that 's what i like about you , joe , that unwavering respect . '' 
 `` i try , sir . '' 
 joe opened the door and sebastian ushered me through , easing in behind me . 
 in a few moments the engine growled and we pulled out into the sydney traffic . 
 it was peak hour and the streets were thronging with cars . 
 i never tire of that busyness . 
 the first chance i got i moved from the suburbs to the city and never looked back . 
 there 's a living vibration to it , a sense of constant fluctuation that 's a thrill to be a part of . 
 the back seats of the limo were spacious , with room for five or six to sit comfortably , but nonetheless sebastian had guided me to one corner and then slid in next to me until our thighs were touching . 
 i could n't have moved even if i 'd wanted to . 
 not that i did . 
 i 'd fantasised all week about being close to him , and now that i was , my body was kicking into overdrive . 
 his raw presence radiated over me . 
 there was an amazing sense of banked power to him . 
 even in the simple act of sitting in a car , he somehow looked primed , like a lion at rest between meals . 
 he looked over at me , something carnal flaring in his eyes . 
 `` sophia , '' he said , and then taking my head in one hand and my shoulder in the other , he pulled me in , capturing my lips in his . 
 instantly , the heat simmering in my stomach began to boil over . 
 this was what i 'd been waiting for . 
 his kiss was hungry and fierce , an act of raw desire . 
 he ran his hands through my hair , desperately pulling me closer , as though trying to fold the two of us into one . 
 i loved that i stoked such passion in him . 
 in that one simple gesture i could feel the weight of the week we 'd been apart . 
 he had n't been lying . 
 he 'd been longing for me as much as i had him . 
 our tongues darted together , exploring each other 's mouths . 
 i do n't know why , but he tasted sweet , like strawberries and wood smoke . 
 i quivered and sucked in a sharp breath as his fingers began to work their way up the soft flesh of my thighs , gradually peeling back my skirt . 
 meanwhile his other hand had slid down my neck and looped inside the shoulder strap of my dress . 
 `` my god , you do n't know how much i 've been thinking about you , '' he said , breaking the kiss . 
 `` i do n't think i can wait until after the party . 
 i need to have you right now . '' 
 i cleared my throat . 
 `` here ? '' 
 i asked , nodding quickly out the window . 
 the glass was shaded , but i was still incredibly aware of the shifting crowd and other cars visible all around us . 
 not to mention joe . 
 we were separated by the privacy window , but nonetheless he 'd have to be a fool not to realise what was going on . 
 `` here , '' said sebastian , his voice leaving no room for argument . 
 and before i had time to protest , he wrapped both hands around my hips and spun me around on top of him . 
 as my legs slid into place around his , my sex came to rest on the bulge in his pants , and whatever resistance i 'd felt instantly melted away . 
 he was firm as stone , and he pressed against me with an urgency that was impossible to ignore . 
 i could feel the heat of him radiating through our clothes , making me acutely aware of how little material separated him from being inside me . 
 at that moment i no longer cared about joe , or the masses of weary commuters just a few arm 's lengths away . 
 i wanted him to take me . 
 i needed it . 
 and he responded . 
 he gripped me roughly , grinding his cock against me while pulling me in for another kiss . 
 the pressure was so intense , the stimulation so overwhelming , that i felt like i might come then and there . 
 i let out a low moan , misting the window next to me with the warmth of my breath . 
 `` you know , it was very generous of you to change the rules for me the other day , '' i said , `` but i 've got a secret to tell you . '' 
 i ran my hands over him , playfully caressing his chest before pulling him in to whisper in his ear . 
 `` i never finished the job . '' 
 `` you did n't ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i came close . 
 my vibrator was out and ready to go . 
 but at the last second i realised it just would n't be the same . 
 i wanted to save it . 
 i wanted it to be you . '' 
 he closed his eyes , a low rumble emanating from his throat . 
 `` that is so insanely hot . 
 how is it you can be such a perfect sub with so little training ? '' 
 `` i 'm just that talented , i guess , '' i said with a grin . 
 he laughed . 
 `` well then , i 'd better not make you wait any longer . '' 
 slipping the dress from my shoulders he pulled it down , allowing my breasts to fall out into the open . 
 `` my god you 're beautiful . '' 
 and then he dove on me . 
 suddenly , his mouth seemed to be everywhere . 
 i let out a gasp as his tongue began playing out an exquisite velvet pattern across my chest . 
 he kissed and licked his way in slow circles , greedily sucking on my nipples and teasing with the barest brush of teeth . 
 his stubble felt coarse against my skin , contrasting deliciously with the softness of his lips . 
 as he ravished me , his hands began to traverse further , weaving behind me to ruck up my skirt . 
 he did n't waste any time . 
 a moan of anticipation fell from my lips as he yanked aside my panties . 
 `` are you nice and wet for me ? '' 
 he asked , that low silky voice ratcheting my excitement up even higher . 
 i nodded furiously . 
 `` i 've been wet for you for weeks . '' 
 he let out a long breath . 
 `` i love it when you talk like that . '' 
 with agonising slowness he slipped his hand underneath me and drew a single finger along my slickened opening . 
 i shuddered in pleasure . 
 he brought his finger forward , the tip glistening with my juices . 
 `` you were n't kidding . '' 
 he gave it a long , slow , tantalising lick . 
 `` and you 're just as sweet as i remember . 
 later i 'll have a proper taste , but i ca n't wait anymore . 
 i need to fuck you . '' 
 i let out an affirmative grunt , not wanting to delay him one second more . 
 i could feel the weeks of excitement burning wildly inside me . 
 taking me by the hips once more , he hoisted me up , placing me on my knees next to him with my ass in the air . 
 with panther grace he rose into a crouch and unfastened his belt , letting his pants fall to the floor . 
 seeing his cock in the flesh sent a bolt of desire rolling through me . 
 i 'd never wanted anything inside me so badly before . 
 seizing me in a powerful grip , he dragged me across to him and plunged his shaft straight into my pussy , burying it all the way to the base in a single explosive thrust . 
 he let out an animal cry . 
 the strength of that motion stung as my body madly adjusted to accommodate his girth , but i did n't care . 
 the longing in his movements dwarfed everything else . 
 that i inspired such lust in him set me soaring . 
 `` god sophia , you 're so tight . 
 you feel amazing . '' 
 `` i 'm tight because you 're big , '' i said , my voice broken and quavering . 
 his cock stretched me out like nothing i 'd ever felt before . 
 i moaned with the fullness of it , every muscle cinching tight around him , savouring that exquisite pressure . 
 he responded in kind , wrapping both powerful hands around my shoulders and yanking me closer , giving him more leverage to grind himself against me . 
 he fucked me with the desperation and ferocity of a man with one day to live . 
 with other men i 'd been with , sex had always been an act of giving ; give your partner pleasure and receive it in return . 
 with sebastian , there was no give , only take . 
 he was n't giving me an orgasm , he was taking it from me , claiming it for himself , and he did it with a fervour that bordered on frightening . 
 that intensity ignited something inside me , a kind of deep-seated passion i 'd never known i was capable of . 
 i was n't going to last long . 
 the glow of my orgasm was already rising up inside me . 
 my muscles clenched tighter still as my body began to stretch and tremble in anticipation . 
 `` no , not yet , '' he said , his voice hoarse . 
 even as aroused as he was , he knew i was close . 
 his awareness of my body was almost inhuman . 
 `` you were saving it for me , so i want to watch you as it happens . '' 
 with a grunt , he pulled free of me , leaving an aching emptiness between my legs . 
 seizing me by the thighs , he flipped me easily onto my back . 
 i gazed up at him , breathless and quivering . 
 he 'd shed his jacket , and sometime in the commotion several of his shirt buttons had come undone . 
 crouching there , half dressed and coated in sweat , he looked wild and impossibly beautiful . 
 his cock jutted out from his body , slick and shining with my juices . 
 it pulsed and twitched in the sex-heavy air . 
 he slid in close , pressing the swollen head gently against my cleft . 
 `` please , '' i moaned . 
 `` please . '' 
 leaning in close , he gazed at me with those spectacular eyes . 
 `` you 've earned this . '' 
 he pushed himself back into me and began rocking back and forward , reaching out with one hand to stroke my clit . 
 `` this is what you 've been waiting for . '' 
 `` sebastian ! '' 
 i cried , my body heaving as my climax took hold . 
 i thought the phrase ` seeing stars ' was just an expression , but as a week 's worth of pent up desire exploded inside me , that 's exactly what happened . 
 the whole world seemed to shatter before my eyes . 
 the strength of it was so overwhelming i was sure i was going to black out . 
 as my pleasure began to subside , his movements grew faster . 
 what little control had been evident on his face fell away as he finally gave in to his own desires . 
 the noises from his throat became more guttural , his thrusts longer and harder . 
 i was still sensitive from the intensity of what had just happened , but the promise of having him burst inside me was so enticing it barely registered . 
 my body wanted more of him , as much as he could give . 
 after a few more seconds he shuddered and went rigid . 
 watching him come in such an intimate position was the most erotic thing i 'd ever seen . 
 the ferocious ecstasy on his face , the way his body flexed and corded , it was almost enough to send me over the top again . 
 `` god , sophia , '' he said , when it was over . 
 `` i do n't know how you keep doing that to me . '' 
 `` doing what ? '' 
 `` making me lose control . 
 i was planning on waiting , drawing it out , but the second i saw you , i got hard . '' 
 `` you 're still hard now , '' i said with a giggle . 
 `` and you 're still wet . 
 believe me , it 's taking most of my control not to take you again right now . '' 
 i reached out and ran my hand softly up the length of his erection . 
 `` why do n't you ? '' 
 he closed his eyes and drew a deep breath . 
 `` i want you to save some energy for later . 
 i have plans for you , plans that wo n't be much good if i 've already tired you out . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure i could ever get tired of having this inside me . '' 
 `` if you do n't stop being such a tease i 'm going to be forced to turn you over my knee , '' he said , stroking my ass delicately . 
 i trembled , remembering the last time he 'd spanked me . 
 `` is that a promise ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he stared at me for a second , then shook his head and chuckled . 
 we stayed in a dishevelled , half naked embrace for several minutes while the streets blurred past around us . 
 i loved the feeling of his arms around me . 
 it was protective , comfortable , safe . 
 chapter five a few minutes later , the car pulled up outside a towering apartment building . 
 it looked like a new development ; all sleek curves and stark colours . 
 `` take those off , '' sebastian said , nodding at my panties as we were making ourselves presentable . 
 `` i loved thinking about you walking around naked under your skirt for me the other day . 
 i want to spend tonight knowing there 's nothing between me and that beautiful pussy . '' 
 i loved the way his mind worked . 
 everything was a naughty adventure with him . 
 smiling seductively , i slid them down my legs , letting them dangle from my toes . 
 `` why do n't you hang on to them for me ? '' 
 `` i believe you already owe me one pair of your underwear , '' he replied . 
 `` think of this as a down payment then . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` how can i argue with that ? '' 
 they disappeared into his pocket . 
 he ran his eyes over my now naked sex . 
 `` god , this is going to drive me crazy . '' 
 i knew the feeling . 
 now i 'd be conscious of the fact that i was naked for him all evening . 
 as he began fastening his buttons , my eyes fell upon his tattoo once more . 
 despite my best efforts , i had n't been able to stop thinking about the man on the news . 
 i knew it was stupid , but i could n't shake the feeling that there was something more to it . 
 i could n't ask sebastian about it directly of course . 
 that would be opening a whole other can of crazy . 
 but that did n't mean i could n't fish for a little info . 
 `` you know , i 've been thinking recently about getting a tattoo , '' i said . 
 `` oh yeah ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i 've been planning to for a few years . 
 i mean , i like the idea of it , but i keep putting it off because i ca n't pick a design . 
 it 's going to be on my body forever , so i want it to be something i love . '' 
 `` that 's fair enough . '' 
 i glanced casually at his chest . 
 `` how 'd you pick yours ? '' 
 he laughed and looked a little sheepish . 
 `` honestly ? 
 it was just one of the pre-made ones they have in-store . '' 
 `` really ? 
 that does n't seem like you . '' 
 `` what can i say ? 
 i was n't always the pinnacle of sound judgement that i am now . 
 in retrospect , i wish i 'd had your foresight , but at the time it just seemed like something fun to do . '' 
 his regret sounded genuine . 
 see , sophia , just a coincidence . 
 now can you stop trying to ruin this for yourself and forget about it ? 
 we hopped out of the car . 
 `` go and get some dinner , joe , '' sebastian said . 
 `` i 'll call you when we 're done . '' 
 `` of course , sir . '' 
 he did n't display any hint of embarrassment at what had happened , but perhaps he was simply used to that kind of behaviour . 
 business as usual . 
 that thought brought me back down to earth a bit . 
 with that same gentle pressure as before , sebastian guided me into the lobby . 
 a girl buzzed us through and we took the lift up . 
 much like sebastian 's apartment , this one was spacious , elegant , and masculine . 
 the entire far wall was sheet glass from floor to ceiling , offering a stunning view out over hyde park , and it opened on hinges to one side , leading to a softly lit balcony , complete with its own outdoor bar . 
 there were people milling everywhere , all dressed like they 'd just committed a group robbery of the harrods designer section . 
 `` low key , hey ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he grinned . 
 `` do you remember the last party of ours you were at ? 
 it 's all relative . '' 
 `` fair point . '' 
 this certainly was n't as overwhelming as that first night . 
 more casual richness than unbridled decadence . 
 several pairs of eyes turned to us as we entered . 
 `` there he is , '' said an energetic looking man who broke off from a group near the door . 
 like most of the men in the room he was handsome and well groomed , with closely cropped golden hair and a strong jaw . 
 in many other circumstances , i 'd probably have found him attractive , but watching he and sebastian shake hands just emphasised how gorgeous my date was . 
 with him in the room , every other man was relegated to second fiddle . 
 `` thomas , sorry we 're late . 
 we had a little car trouble . '' 
 i blushed , suddenly very aware that less than ten minutes earlier i 'd been having wild , rough , explosive sex in the middle of a crowded road . 
 i ran a hand through my hair , making sure everything was in place . 
 could thomas tell ? 
 sebastian had fucked me so thoroughly it felt like it should be obvious . 
 `` this is my friend , sophia , '' sebastian continued . 
 `` lovely to meet you , '' thomas said , extending a hand . 
 `` you too , '' i replied . 
 he clapped . 
 `` so , what are you two drinking ? '' 
 `` i 'll get something in a minute , '' said sebastian , scanning the room . 
 `` i want to have a word with gabriel . 
 do you mind ? '' 
 he gave me an apologetic smile . 
 `` it 's fine , go play businessman . '' 
 he nodded thanks , turned and disappeared into the crowd . 
 `` well , what about you , sophia ? '' 
 thomas asked . 
 `` drink ? '' 
 `` i would n't say no to a glass of red . '' 
 `` i have just the thing . 
 come with me . '' 
 i attracted more than a few appraising glances as we headed for the balcony . 
 although everyone appeared to be having a good time , there was a certain cattiness in the air that the men seemed largely oblivious to . 
 i could see it in the girls ' postures and smiles and the way they sized each other up when they thought nobody was looking . 
 it was the same vibe i had felt that first night in the bar , that this was all a competition and they were fighting tooth and nail for the best position . 
 anyone new was a threat . 
 it made me feel decidedly uncomfortable . 
 `` so , you and sebastian work together ? '' 
 i asked , trying my best to distract myself . 
 he nodded . 
 `` locky and i started at fraiser around the same time . '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` locky ? '' 
 i could n't imagine anyone addressing sebastian like that . 
 he did n't seem like the sort of man who people made nicknames for . 
 thomas grinned . 
 `` yeah , an old joke from way back when . 
 he hates it , so i save it for special occasions . 
 use it well . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` i 'll do that . '' 
 i strolled over to the balcony edge while he poured the wine . 
 `` you have a beautiful place here . 
 the view is amazing . '' 
 he came over to join me , two glasses in hand . 
 `` thanks . 
 i 've been lucky . 
 fraiser capital has been good to me . '' 
 `` it seems like it 's been good to all of its staff , '' i replied , gazing around . 
 `` no offence , it 's just all a bit surreal . '' 
 thomas laughed . 
 `` believe me , i know what you mean . 
 you kind of just get numb to it after a while . 
 to be honest i barely come out here anymore . 
 i know it makes me look like an asshole , but at some point you just start taking it all for granted . '' 
 i decided that i liked him . 
 his self-deprecating humour was refreshingly different from the sort of stuffy , self-important conversation i 'd been expecting . 
 he felt like the sort of guy who 'd be more at home in a local bar than a ritzy penthouse apartment . 
 `` i do n't think you 're an asshole , '' i replied . 
 `` it 's just hard to get your head around , you know ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i know . 
 when i first started actually making real money , it took me a solid year to adjust . 
 i spent the first six months living off spaghetti and toasted sandwiches like i always had . 
 i could n't believe that people lived like this . 
 sometimes i actually think it might all be too much . 
 then again , '' he held up his glass , `` it does have its perks . 
 i took a sip of my own wine and swished it lightly in my mouth . 
 it was delicious , a cavalcade of flavours i did n't have the vocabulary or palate to identify . 
 i had to agree ; i would n't be complaining . 
 `` so you were n't born into all this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he laughed . 
 `` hell no . 
 i grew up in a shitty little two bedroom fibro house down on the outskirts of melbourne . 
 i never had more than a few hundred bucks to my name until i started at fraiser . '' 
 `` sorry . 
 i just kind of assumed this was an old money sort of crowd . '' 
 `` oh it is , for the most part . 
 but a few of us worked our way in from the ground up . 
 sebastian is one of them actually . '' 
 my eyes widened . 
 `` no way . 
 really ? '' 
 thomas nodded . 
 `` but he seems so ... comfortable here . 
 so in control . '' 
 `` he 's always been like that . 
 but yeah , he comes from some little town in europe somewhere . '' 
 `` so how did he wind up here ? '' 
 thomas shrugged . 
 `` not sure exactly . 
 fraiser capital is multinational . 
 we 've got branches all over the place , so i assume he got recruited by one of them , but beyond that i do n't know . 
 he does n't talk much about his past . 
 he 's kind of a private guy . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` i 'd noticed . 
 he 's got the dark and mysterious thing down to a t. '' thomas studied me for a few seconds , his expression growing sober . 
 `` you have n't been with sebastian long , have you ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` we only met a little over a month ago . '' 
 `` right . 
 well , can i offer you a piece of advice ? '' 
 `` sure , i guess . '' 
 `` try not to get in too deep . '' 
 i shifted uncomfortably . 
 `` what do you mean by that ? '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` look , i do n't know what sort of relationship you have with him and i do n't want to know . 
 it 's none of my business . 
 i 'm just saying , be careful . 
 he 's a great guy , but he 's also not the sort who stays put for very long , if you catch my drift . 
 you seem like a nice girl and i 'd hate to see you get hurt . '' 
 he was the third person tonight who 'd seemed to think that maybe my feelings for sebastian ran a little stronger than a casual fling . 
 it made me uneasy . 
 i 'd thought i had a fairly good grasp on what our relationship was , but now i was starting to question that . 
 `` i can take care of myself , '' i replied , a little more forcefully than i 'd intended . 
 he raised his hands defensively . 
 `` hey , i do n't doubt it . '' 
 at that moment , we were approached by another man . 
 `` hiding all the beautiful women outside again , thomas ? '' 
 he said , with a friendly grin . 
 he was incredibly young looking , with a smooth round face that barely seemed like it should be out of high school . 
 `` how else am i meant to protect them from the likes of you ? '' 
 replied thomas . 
 the stranger gave a little laugh . 
 `` hi , i 'm trey , '' he said , extending his hand . 
 `` sophia , '' i said . 
 `` lovely to meet you . 
 please do n't tell me you 're here with this lout . '' 
 `` actually , '' replied thomas , `` she came with sebastian . '' 
 `` ah , '' said the other man . 
 `` well that makes more sense . '' 
 `` trey here is another of our illustrious colleagues , '' continued thomas . 
 `` he 's what you might call the baby of the group . '' 
 trey sighed good-naturedly and rolled his eyes . 
 `` i 'm twenty six , '' he said to me . 
 `` thomas here is just threatened by my youthful exuberance . 
 he knows it 's only a matter of time before he 's the one answering to me . '' 
 `` yeah , that 's definitely it , '' said thomas . 
 `` does that mean you 're his boss ? '' 
 i asked , spotting a chance to learn a little about the company . 
 the two men shared a glance . 
 `` in a manner of speaking , '' said thomas . 
 `` fraiser has a pretty loose hierarchy . 
 most of the time everyone is working on their own projects and can pretty much do what they want , but when push comes to shove there 's a certain order to how we operate . 
 it helps keep the ship on course . '' 
 `` makes sense , '' i said with a nod . 
 `` although it 's funny , i ca n't really see sebastian taking orders from anyone . '' 
 thomas smiled wryly . 
 `` most of the time he ends up giving the orders , even if he perhaps should n't '' `` now that i can see . '' 
 i felt a set of hands slide around my waist . 
 `` my ears were burning , '' said sebastian . 
 `` and it 's a good thing , too . 
 i leave you alone for ten minutes and the vultures start circling . '' 
 again , there was something so personal , so possessive about the gesture . 
 no wonder people suspected something more serious between us . 
 it was easy to forget the nature of our relationship when he behaved like that . 
 tilting my head to the side , he leaned in for a lingering kiss . 
 i could almost feel the testosterone radiating from him . 
 the message was clear : mine . 
 these were his friends , but still he could n't help laying claim to what was his . 
 i do n't know why , but i liked that masculine jealousy . 
 trey cleared his throat . 
 `` lovely to see you too , sebastian . '' 
 `` they 're both being perfect gentlemen , '' i told him . 
 `` are you done already ? '' 
 `` no , not yet . 
 there 's one more person i need to talk with , but he 's not here yet , so i came to see how you were doing . '' 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 just learning a little more about you , locky , '' i said , not quite able to contain my grin . 
 sebastian 's lips tightened , before curling up ever so slightly . 
 `` i should have known better than to leave her with you , thomas . '' 
 he raised his hands defensively . 
 `` hey , it just came up okay ? '' 
 a man approached from inside . 
 `` gentlemen . 
 any of you feel like losing a little cash ? 
 a seat just opened up in the game . '' 
 i shot sebastian a questioning look . 
 `` most fridays we run a small poker game , '' he said . 
 `` i know a little about poker , '' i replied . 
 `` can i watch you play ? '' 
 as a child i 'd spent more than a few friday nights watching my father and his buddies play cards . 
 games have always fascinated me . 
 i love the challenge of working out how to beat an opponent within the confines of a specific set of rules . 
 i think that 's why i became a lawyer . 
 when my dad realised how interested i was by it all , he took me aside and taught me how to play . 
 most of the time it was just the two of us , but occasionally he let me sit in with his friends . 
 `` the big game , '' he called it . 
 over time i learned to hold my own , although i had n't played for years now . 
 sebastian pondered for a second . 
 `` sure , why not . 
 excuse us . '' 
 `` sure . 
 good luck , '' replied thomas . 
 i leaned in to sebastian 's ear as we were led inside . 
 `` your friends seem like fun . 
 perhaps i actually might be able to land ruth a sexy venture capitalist of her own . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` you might be barking up the wrong trees there . 
 thomas works even harder than i do . 
 he 's a company man through and through . 
 relationships just get in the way , according to him . 
 and trey has been off the market for the last year or so . '' 
 `` pity . 
 oh well , the night is young . 
 plenty of time for me to play cupid . '' 
 he could only smile and shake his head . 
 we followed the other man across the lounge and through to an adjacent room . 
 inside was a group of men , chatting and laughing loudly around a large felt covered card table . 
 the surface was littered with stacks of chips in varying size and colours . 
 `` i should probably fold but ... fuck it , i call , '' said one of the players , as we entered . 
 he was an older man , and his strong features and heavy scottish accent made me think of sean connery . 
 `` what have you got ? '' 
 the man he was speaking to stared for a few seconds before breaking into a rueful smile . 
 `` you 've got me . '' 
 he threw his cards towards the centre of the table . 
 `` i knew it ! '' 
 roared the scot . 
 `` do n't try and cheat a cheater , jack , you 'll never get away with it ! '' 
 a few of the players noticed our presence . 
 `` ah , sebastian , '' said the one sitting nearest them , `` come to try your luck ? 
 someone needs to break ewan 's hot streak or we 'll never hear the end of it . '' 
 he nodded at the older man , who was now grinning and scooping in the pile of chips from the centre of the table . 
 `` the more the merrier , '' replied ewan . 
 `` his money 's as good as anyone 's . '' 
 he spotted me for the first time . 
 `` is this your secret weapon , sebastian ? 
 your own personal cheer squad ? '' 
 i opened my mouth to defend myself , but sebastian got in first . 
 `` settle down , ewan . 
 she just wants to watch . '' 
 he turned to me . 
 `` sorry , just try to ignore him , '' he whispered . 
 `` he gets like this when he 's had a few . '' 
 i still felt like i should say something , but i did n't want to cause a scene , so i let it go . 
 taking my hand , sebastian led me around the table to the spare seat . 
 i pulled up a bar stool and sat behind him , my hands resting lightly on his shoulder . 
 `` so , how much you in for , sebastian ? '' 
 asked the man who had greeted us . 
 sebastian glanced around the table , sizing up the other player 's stacks . 
 `` five hundred i guess . '' 
 several towers of chips were cut out and placed in front of him . 
 it was n't really what i was expecting . 
 i 'd had visions of bricks of hundred dollar bills being tossed around like dollar coins , but things seemed to be much more relaxed than that . 
 it was n't a small game by any stretch of the imagination - by my count some of them had several thousand dollars in front of them - but compared to the sort of wealth i knew they commanded , they were playing what amounted to penny stakes . 
 `` five hundred it is , '' said the dealer . 
 `` shall we play ? '' 
 the game resumed . 
 it took me all of two hands to work out that this was n't an ordinary poker game . 
 the action was fast and reckless ; exactly what i 'd expected from men playing stakes far below what they could afford . 
 almost every other hand ended with a huge pot . 
 often , that 's the sign of a weak player , but as the game progressed , i began to see that they were n't playing badly at all . 
 they had a kind of raw cunning to their style that made up for their lack of restraint . 
 even during the lulls , i was enjoying being a fly on the wall . 
 it was fascinating watching sebastian with his colleagues . 
 seeing him laugh and joke along with the rest of the guys made him seem more human , somehow . 
 he still had that steely intensity , but the camaraderie tempered it a little . 
 it was a side of him i had n't seen before . 
 every so often he glanced back at me and smiled , making sure i was n't bored . 
 it was nice that just because he was with his friends he had n't forgotten about me . 
 ewan continued to drink and get more raucous , drawing more than a few uncomfortable looks from the other players . 
 `` why do n't you guys just kick him out ? '' 
 i asked sebastian quietly . 
 he sighed . 
 `` you know that annoying uncle you do n't really like , but are obligated to keep inviting ? 
 that 's ewan . '' 
 `` my mum kicked my uncle out at christmas last year for making a scene . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` somehow that does n't surprise me . 
 but be that as it may , we do n't do things that way here . 
 our office is like a big family , and people do n't get excluded . '' 
 a few hands later sebastian got involved in a pot with a quiet , dark skinned man that everyone called jav . 
 `` two fifty , '' jav said , throwing some chips into the middle . 
 it was a big bet . 
 big enough to be scary . 
 sebastian sighed and checked his cards once more . 
 his hand was weak . 
 he 'd been going for a flush and had missed , so he effectively had nothing at all . 
 i could tell he was about to throw his cards away , but i reached out and tapped his arm . 
 `` he 's full of shit , '' i whispered . 
 while the others had been chatting , i 'd been paying close attention to the game , and had a pretty good feel for how everyone was playing . 
 `` what ? '' 
 sebastian said . 
 i hesitated . 
 i realised sebastian might not appreciate me giving him advice . 
 also there was a chance i was wrong and would cost him a bunch of money . 
 but my gut told me he was making a mistake , so i decided to bite the bullet . 
 `` jav , he 's full of shit . 
 remember a few hands ago when he bet small at the end with the straight ? 
 he likes to sucker you into a call when he 's strong . 
 he would n't bet this big if he had it . 
 his hand missed as well . 
 you should raise . 
 he 'll fold and you 'll win the pot . '' 
 sebastian studied me for a few seconds , a curious smile playing on his lips . 
 `` you 're sure ? '' 
 i nodded slowly . 
 `` okay . '' 
 he reached for a stack of chips . 
 `` raise to five hundred , '' he announced . 
 jav instantly threw his hand away . 
 `` all yours , '' he said . 
 `` you know ' a little about poker ' hey ? '' 
 sebastian said to me , as he raked in his winnings . 
 i grinned . 
 `` a little . '' 
 it felt good to know i was n't outclassed by these world-conquering men . 
 `` i 'll keep that in mind . '' 
 the game continued , and sebastian gradually increased his stack . 
 soon , it was almost as big as ewan 's , with two towers of the green chips i 'd worked out were fifties . 
 it was an intimidating sum of money to be gambling with . 
 several more times during big hands sebastian turned to me , seeking my advice about a particular decision . 
 i do n't know if he was just indulging me , or genuinely wanted my help , but it was nice to be included . 
 a few minutes later , one of the players left and was replaced by trey . 
 `` gentlemen , '' he said . 
 `` well well well , if it is n't my favourite atm , '' said one of the other men . 
 `` time for your weekly donation , is it ? '' 
 `` not tonight my friend , '' replied trey , `` tonight is going to be my night . 
 i can feel it . '' 
 the amused expressions that sprung up around the table said nobody really believed that . 
 `` what 's all that about ? '' 
 i whispered to sebastian . 
 he gave a little shake of his head . 
 `` trey is just terrible at poker , that 's all . 
 and everybody knows it but him . 
 at this point it 's become a matter of pride more than logic , i think . '' 
 it only took a couple of hands for me to see that sebastian was right . 
 trey was nothing short of awful , bluffing when he had no business bluffing and calling when presented with a clear fold . 
 mostly due to good luck he managed to win a little , but luck inevitably runs out in the end . 
 as one hand ended , a man who had been lingering by the door approached . 
 `` sebastian , i hear you 've been looking for me . '' 
 sebastian nodded a greeting . 
 `` will . 
 about time you showed up . 
 can we go and talk for a few minutes ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 he turned to me . 
 `` want to hold down the fort while i 'm gone ? '' 
 he asked , gesturing to the table . 
 the huge wall of chips loomed up at me . 
 `` oh i ca n't play with that kind of money . '' 
 `` sure you can . 
 you 've been doing just fine from back there . 
 why not take a turn in the hot seat ? '' 
 i waved him off . 
 `` really , i would n't want to ruin all your hard work . '' 
 `` if i thought you were likely to do that , i would n't ask . 
 look , either you play , or we lose our spot . 
 it 'll just be a few minutes , i promise . '' 
 i eyed the men around the table . 
 as intimidating as the prospect of playing with them directly was , it was also kind of exciting . 
 you do n't get into law unless you have a healthy competitive streak . 
 `` well , if it 's just for a few hands ... '' `` excellent . '' 
 he got to his feet . 
 `` everyone , sophia here will take my place until i get back . 
 play nice with her . '' 
 he winked at me . 
 `` back in a few . '' 
 i slid into his seat . 
 `` not sure we 've ever had a girl at this table , '' said ewan , clearly not happy about the fact . 
 `` it 's kind of nice , '' said one of the other men . 
 `` gives us something prettier to look at than your ugly mug . '' 
 laughter rippled through the room and ewan scowled at me , although he kept silent . 
 play resumed , and soon enough trey found himself in a tight spot . 
 all the cards had been dealt , and he was facing a massive final bet . 
 i knew straight away his opponent had something strong . 
 he had shown no propensity to bluff in spots like that . 
 but trey appeared oblivious . 
 rather than folding as he should , he seemed to be considering making a heroic call . 
 sure it would look amazing if he was right , but the chances of that seemed impossibly low . 
 sure enough , after about thirty seconds , he pushed his chips into the middle . 
 `` call . '' 
 he wore a rather triumphant look , but it quickly dissipated as his opponent flipped over his cards . 
 `` full house , '' he said with a smirk . 
 trey stared for a few seconds , before smashing a fist down on the table and throwing his hand away . 
 `` have you ever considered taking up knitting , trey ? '' 
 jav asked . 
 `` or maybe stamp collecting ? 
 there 's not a lot of profit there , true , but at least you would n't be actively losing money . '' 
 trey just stared down at his few remaining chips and shook his head . 
 i felt bad for him , but there was n't much i could do . 
 the game continued . 
 i still had n't played a hand . 
 part of me wanted to jump in and throw my chips around as recklessly as the rest of them , but i was afraid of putting sebastian 's stack at risk . 
 `` is that your plan then ? '' 
 asked ewan , after a few minutes of this . 
 `` just play scared and fold until sebastian gets back ? '' 
 despite the fact that he was right , i was sick of his banter by that point . 
 `` i 'm not scared . 
 i 'm just waiting for the right hand to take your money , that 's all , '' i replied , as sweetly as possible . 
 there were several chuckles . 
 `` that sounds like a challenge to me , ewan , '' said jav . 
 `` that it does , '' the other man replied , staring straight into my eyes . 
 i knew that from that moment it was game on between us . 
 the second i played a hand , he 'd be all over me . 
 and a few minutes later , i was dealt something i could n't ignore . 
 a pair of queens . 
 one of the best starting combinations possible . 
 my pulse quickened . 
 this was it . 
 i raised , and several people came along for the ride , including my new friend . 
 the first three cards dealt into the centre looked harmless , so i bet again . 
 everyone folded until it got around to ewan . 
 `` finally found some stones , hey ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` alright then , let 's play . '' 
 he threw in enough chips to match my bet . 
 everyone else folded . 
 the next card did n't change much , but nonetheless i began to feel nervous . 
 the first few bets in any given hand are relatively small , but as the money in the middle grows , so do the size of the wagers . 
 there was already a large sum in the centre of the table . 
 this hand had the potential to get out of control very quickly . 
 i considered just cutting my losses and giving up , but i could n't stomach the thought of giving ewan that satisfaction . 
 i 'd sat down to compete , and so compete i would . 
 with shaking hands , i bet again . 
 he thought for about thirty seconds , staring me right in the eyes . 
 `` okay , '' he said , then called once again . 
 the final card was an ace . 
 it was n't very likely that it helped ewan at all , but it was still a scary card . 
 one of the only ones higher than my pair . 
 i did n't think i could bet again . 
 `` check , '' i said , passing the action over to him . 
 instantly he pushed a tall stack of greens into the centre . 
 `` nine hundred . '' 
 i exhaled slowly . 
 it was a huge bet ; all of my remaining chips . 
 my first instinct was to fold . 
 i could n't imagine calling such a bet and being wrong , and ewan had made a habit out of betting big when he had the goods . 
 for all his recklessness , he had n't shown much of a propensity to bluff . 
 but as i thought it through , i could n't shake the feeling that i was just being bullied . 
 my presence clearly offended him , and this was the perfect opportunity for him to show me who was boss . 
 as if on cue , he spoke . 
 `` just let it go , girl , '' he said . 
 `` you 've still got most of your lad 's money . 
 there 's no shame in admitting you 're outgunned here . '' 
 i 'm not sure if it was his tone or the smug look on his face that did it , but i suddenly knew i could n't fold . 
 if i was wrong , i was wrong , but i was n't going to let him intimidate me . 
 with my heartbeat thundering in my ears , i silently pushed my money forwards and flipped up my hand . 
 he gazed at me for what felt like a lifetime , his mouth slowly twisting into a snarl , before shooting wordlessly to his feet and storming from the room . 
 the table erupted into applause . 
 `` i guess he folds , '' said sebastian from behind me . 
 i had n't even realised he was back . 
 `` god , that was the most satisfying thing i 've seen in a while . '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` it felt pretty damn satisfying too . '' 
 `` you should bring her along more often , sebastian , '' said jav . 
 `` i ca n't remember the last time i enjoyed a show as much as that . '' 
 sebastian grinned . 
 `` i told you you could handle it , '' he said to me . 
 `` oh i knew i could too , i just did n't want to embarrass your friends here . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` that 's very gracious of you . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` after that hand though , i think it 's time to call it a night . 
 not sure my heart can take much more . '' 
 i started gathering up the chips . 
 `` still , over a thousand bucks profit for a couple of hours work . 
 not a bad night . '' 
 `` it was a little more than that . '' 
 i paused and did a quick count in my head . 
 `` well , i guess it might be closer to one point five , if you add up all the change . '' 
 he stared at me for several seconds . 
 `` sophia , that hand you just won was worth a little over two point two million dollars . '' 
 i did a double take . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` you did n't know ? '' 
 something hot surged through me . 
 `` know ? 
 how could i know ? '' 
 i said , my voice getting progressively louder . 
 `` you said you were buying in for five hundred . '' 
 `` yes , five hundred thousand . '' 
 i looked down at the stack of chips once more , my eyes wide . 
 there was more money in front of me than both my parents had made in their entire lives . 
 i was no stranger to extravagance - the partners at work were notorious for their heinous disregard for money - but this took it to a whole new level . 
 it seemed almost impossible to comprehend . 
 `` holy shit . 
 how the hell could you let me play with that kind of money ? 
 i could have lost it all ! '' 
 `` but you did n't . '' 
 i shook my head slowly . 
 `` i know but still ... fuck . '' 
 `` relax . 
 you showed me you knew how to play . 
 i had faith things would work out . 
 and if they did n't , then c'est la vie . 
 it 's only money . '' 
 several of the other players were watching this exchange with amusement . 
 `` he 's lost more than that in a night before , sophia , '' said trey , who seemed to have recovered from his own loss . 
 `` and i dare say i 'd take you over him if it were my money , '' he said with a wink . 
 sebastian tried to look offended , but he could n't quite hide his smile . 
 he really did seem completely at ease with the situation . 
 perhaps he really would have been okay if i 'd lost . 
 `` still , '' i said to him , `` the next time you put me in charge of a million dollars , do me a favour and let me know , okay ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 sorry , i really thought you were aware . 
 anyway , look on the bright side . 
 since you 're responsible for a large chunk of the winnings , you 're entitled to a cut of the profits . 
 how 's fifty fifty sound ? '' 
 i gaped up at him . 
 `` i ca n't do that . '' 
 `` of course you can . 
 you earned it . '' 
 `` no , i did n't . 
 i won it by accident , using your money , playing for stakes that i was totally unaware of . '' 
 `` but you deserve some kind of reward . 
 i want you to have it . '' 
 `` well i do n't want it . 
 it feels too much like a handout . '' 
 `` sophia - '' '' - i 'm not taking it , sebastian ! 
 end of discussion . '' 
 something in my tone must have got through to him , because his expression softened . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean to push . '' 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` it 's alright . 
 i just do n't do well with charity , you know ? 
 i like to earn my success . '' 
 he nodded slowly , a strange smile appearing on his face . 
 `` i completely respect that . 
 like i said , i 'm sorry . 
 can we not let this ruin our night ? '' 
 he leaned in so only i could hear his words . 
 `` i still have plans for you and i 'd hate for them to go unfulfilled . '' 
 as he spoke , he reached out and ran a hand tantalisingly down my hip . 
 i could already feel my tension ebbing away . 
 it was difficult to be too angry at a man whose only crime was offering you half a million dollars . 
 especially if that man was a smoking hot sex god who wanted to take you home and do unspeakable things to you . 
 i sighed dramatically . 
 `` fine . 
 you know you 're lucky you 're so damn sexy . '' 
 `` am i now ? '' 
 he said with a laugh . 
 i tutted and shook my head . 
 `` fake modesty does n't suit you . 
 shall we go ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 he signalled for someone to tally up his chips , explaining that the money would be wired to him later . 
 we said our goodbyes and headed for the car . 
 he must have called joe at some point , because the older man was waiting for us when we got downstairs . 
 `` good night , sir ? '' 
 he asked , as he opened the door . 
 sebastian nodded . 
 `` yes , although i do believe it 's about to get better . '' 
 i blushed , although i 'm not sure why . 
 given that less than two hours ago we 'd been having incredibly obvious sex not five feet away from joe , it felt like the time for embarrassment had passed . 
 we slid into the back cabin and the car took off . 
 our lack of restraint on the earlier trip had left me sated , but that melted away almost as soon as the door closed behind us . 
 trapped with sebastian in the privacy of the car , the air instantly seemed to grow warmer . 
 it was like we could n't be alone together without there being some kind of sexual charge . 
 he must have felt it too . 
 sliding closer , he leaned in and planted a soft kiss on the nape of my neck . 
 `` i ca n't wait to get you home , '' he whispered in my ear . 
 `` i believe i was promised a show . '' 
 `` and i intend to give you one , '' i replied . 
 i reached for him , trying to pull him in for a kiss , but he caught my hands in his . 
 `` uh uh . 
 i lost control once tonight . 
 i 'm not going to do it again . 
 i want to wait until i 've got you exactly the way i want you . '' 
 the way he said that made my sex clench with anticipation . 
 we sat quietly for a minute , sebastian staring thoughtfully out the window . 
 `` most girls would have taken the money , '' he said eventually . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` inside earlier , most girls i 've dated would have taken the money . '' 
 `` well , i 'm not like most girls . '' 
 i thought perhaps we were going to go round two over my refusal , but instead he just smiled ever so slightly . 
 `` no , you are n't . '' 
 a few seconds passed . 
 `` you know , i think you left quite the impression on my friends . '' 
 `` oh yeah ? '' 
 `` ewan was right , i do n't think there have been many women at that table . 
 not because they were n't wanted , it just does n't really happen . 
 but still , you handled yourself wonderfully . 
 you did n't let them intimidate you . '' 
 i looked sheepish . 
 `` would it shatter your impression of me if i said i was actually scared shitless ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` no . 
 you might have been scared , but you went with your gut anyway and that 's what matters . 
 fearless in the face of pressure . 
 i can see now why you make a great lawyer . '' 
 i blushed and looked away . 
 i did n't know why his praise meant so much to me , but it did . 
 `` well , thanks . 
 the pressure in law is usually a little different though . 
 mostly it 's just pressure not to fall asleep in the middle of a document . '' 
 i cleared my throat , hoping to change the subject . 
 `` speaking of work , tell me about your trip . '' 
 he hesitated . 
 i could almost feel that shield begin going up inside him . 
 `` nothing to tell , really . 
 i spent most of it in meetings . '' 
 `` come on , you can do better than that , '' i replied . 
 i 'd decided earlier in the day that i was going to try and get something out of him . 
 i was still vaguely uncomfortable with how little i knew about his day to day life . 
 it was like dating a secret agent . 
 `` just give me generalities . 
 you know a little about what i 'm going through at work , i 'd like to know the same . '' 
 he considered this , before eventually nodding . 
 `` i guess i can do generalities . 
 in a nutshell , i 'm working on a project . 
 it 's going to be a pretty big deal if it gets off the ground . 
 a real revolution . 
 but as with any progress , there are people who would rather it did n't happen . '' 
 `` what , like competitors ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` exactly . 
 anyway , it 's making things rather difficult for our clients . '' 
 `` but surely that 's their problem ? 
 do n't you just provide funding ? '' 
 `` yes and no . 
 we 've built up quite a few connections over the years , so if we can help clients in other ways , we do our best . 
 their success is our success . '' 
 `` right . 
 so , i 'm picturing a lot of secret lunch meetings and nondescript briefcases changing hands . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` sadly , it 's not nearly that cool . 
 mostly it 's just paperwork and boardrooms . '' 
 `` well , now it just sounds like my job . '' 
 even though it was fairly mundane , i liked the fact that he 'd given me something . 
 i was n't under any illusions that it meant much , but it was nice to feel like he trusted me , even if it was just a little . 
 chapter six soon we pulled up in front of his building . 
 we said farewell to joe and headed inside . 
 as the lift rose to his apartment , sebastian stepped around behind me , encasing me in his arms . 
 his mouth found my ear , nibbling delicately . 
 `` fuck , you do n't know how difficult it was for me to get through those discussions earlier . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 i asked , trying to sound innocent . 
 `` all i could think about was that i had your panties in my pocket . '' 
 his hand slid down my stomach , coming to rest provocatively close to my crotch . 
 `` you 're naked under here for me right now . '' 
 `` naked and wet , '' i replied . 
 he growled softly . 
 `` we 'll have to take care of that , wo n't we ? '' 
 the doors opened into his apartment . 
 without a word he took my hand and led me toward the bedroom , his movements radiating primal intent . 
 as we entered , he spun me lightly onto my back and then climbed on top of me . 
 his mouth locked over mine , so sweet and so strong , and my body yielded beneath him . 
 i 'd never met a man whose kiss could break me so . 
 every stroke of his tongue seemed to echo through me all the way to my toes . 
 i felt his hands snaking across my skin and i responded in kind , enjoying the little moans and sharp breaths that i coaxed out of him as i explored his most intimate places . 
 under his shirt , his chest was warm and firm , and he still smelled lightly of sweat from our earlier exertions . 
 i do n't know why , but i liked that scent . 
 it was so perfectly him . 
 we writhed together like that for some time , his fingers wandering , but never making any effort to remove my clothes . 
 eventually they found their way to my thighs and peeled up my skirt , my legs falling open without the slightest resistance . 
 every nerve in my body seemed to be standing on end . 
 and this was just the beginning . 
 `` i do n't know why you were worried about your outfit , '' he said , pausing to study me . 
 `` you look hot as hell all corporate and sexed up . '' 
 `` i 'm glad you like it , '' i replied . 
 `` i do . 
 in fact , i do n't want you to remove a thing . 
 i want to watch you play with yourself right now . '' 
 i smiled seductively . 
 `` i think i can manage that . '' 
 he slid off the bed and sat on a nearby chair , his eyes never leaving my body . 
 `` touch yourself for me , sophia . '' 
 and i did as i was told . 
 i was already impossibly excited . 
 my finger glided with silken ease across my aching slit . 
 i was tentative at first . 
 even given all that we 'd shared , it was strangely invasive having someone else in the room while i pleasured myself . 
 but as my passion mounted , my hesitance gradually fell away . 
 i found the exhibitionism of performing intensely exciting . 
 it was a different kind of intimacy . 
 i was showing him something i 'd never shown anyone before , something usually reserved just for me . 
 `` go slow , '' he said , barely able to drag his eyes away from my dancing fingers . 
 `` i want tonight to last . '' 
 i eased up , rubbing myself in gentle circles , savouring the look of desire that burned on his face . 
 there was a wonderful sense of power , seeing what my show was doing to him . 
 the bulge in his pants was growing with every passing second . 
 i let out a soft moan as i brought my second hand down to play too , slipping it inside me while my first continued to focus on my clit . 
 `` god , you look so fucking sexy like that , '' he said . 
 `` i promised you a show did n't i ? '' 
 `` you certainly did . 
 i just have one suggestion . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 he reached out and opened a nearby chest of drawers , withdrawing a long , pale blue vibrator . 
 it was thick and elegantly curved , with a smooth , rounded head and a small secondary arm about three quarters of the way down . 
 `` i bought it especially for you . '' 
 i took it from him , weighing it in my hand . 
 it was larger than the one i had at home , almost as large as sebastian 's cock . 
 a few weeks earlier i 'd probably have said it was too big , but recent experience had taught me that i did n't know my limits as well as i thought . 
 `` it 's lovely . '' 
 i said . 
 `` it will look even more lovely inside you . '' 
 taking the hint i flicked the switch to the lowest setting and the toy buzzed to life . 
 my pussy was already wonderfully slick and the smooth rubber slid in easily . 
 `` oh god , '' i groaned , as the head found my g-spot , sending a steady stream of pleasure rolling through me . 
 `` that 's it , '' he said . 
 `` feels good , does n't it ? '' 
 `` god yes , '' i breathed . 
 with a little experimentation , i found the right angle to let the smaller arm work my clitoris at the same time . 
 the simultaneous stimulation was exquisite . 
 `` now imagine how good it 's going to feel when it 's my cock inside you instead . '' 
 `` so get over here and fuck me ! '' 
 `` patience . 
 like i said , i want to draw it out . 
 i will , however , give you a preview . '' 
 reaching down , he unfastened his zipper , freeing his shaft from his pants . 
 the sight of it made my whole body throb . 
 although i had n't laid a finger on him , he was stiff as iron . 
 with tantalising slowness , he began to stroke himself , gripping the base firmly in his fist and working up and down . 
 i 'd never watched a man masturbate before . 
 it had never seemed particularly appealing when we could be doing other things , but just a few moments with sebastian showed me how wrong i 'd been . 
 this was off-the-charts hot , and made hotter by the fact that it was my body he was staring at . 
 with every flick of his wrist , his cock seemed to swell just a little more . 
 `` do n't stop , '' he said , and i realised that i had . 
 the sight was so captivating that i 'd forgotten my own pleasure . 
 `` but remember , you have to restrain yourself . 
 if you come before i say so , there will be repercussions . '' 
 i resumed , now acutely aware of how close i was to the edge . 
 i was doing my best to restrain myself , but the whole experience was so sensual that i did n't know if i could hold back . 
 our passions seemed to feed off one another , and as his pleasure mounted , so did my own . 
 i loved staring into his eyes , watching him react as i performed for him , knowing that i was having the same effect on him . 
 we were n't touching at all , but nonetheless there was a sense of connection to the situation that rivalled anything else i 'd shared with him . 
 our rhythms synchronised . 
 as he stroked up , i thrust in . 
 with every passing moment , my longing to have the real thing inside me grew . 
 i burned for it . 
 despite the distance between us , in my head he was already buried eight inches deep , unravelling me with that tender ferocity as only he could . 
 soon , i could n't take any more . 
 the charge pulsing between my legs threatened to overwhelm me . 
 `` i 'm close . '' 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 `` did i say you could come ? '' 
 `` please , '' i moaned , shifting the vibrator restlessly . 
 i tried to move it to a less direct angle , but every part of me was humming by now , begging for release . 
 `` please . '' 
 `` take out the vibrator , sophia . '' 
 the sudden sharpness in his voice caused me to slow . 
 it was the same deep tone he 'd used with hannah the first night we 'd met , that heavy command that seemed to echo right through me . 
 impossible to resist . 
 mustering a mammoth amount of self-control , i withdrew the toy , my pussy clenching in protest . 
 `` better . '' 
 he got to his feet and slid onto the bed and pinned my arms behind my head , capturing me beneath him . 
 leaning down , he planted several soft kisses along my neck . 
 `` thank you for the show , '' he murmured into my ear . 
 `` it was wonderful , but now i think i want to take over . '' 
 `` i think i 'd like that , '' i replied . 
 leaving one hand gripping my wrists , he brought the other down and wrapped it around his cock once more , guiding it between my legs until it was just an inch from entering me . 
 `` is this what you want ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 it took all my restraint not to take matters into my own hands and push myself onto him . 
 `` you 'll have to do better than that , '' he replied , easing his length closer still until the crown was resting softly against my lips . 
 `` ask for it , '' he continued . 
 `` please , i want your cock . 
 i want you to fuck me . '' 
 the words came without the slightest hesitation . 
 he had rendered me utterly shameless with desire . 
 he began to rub himself up and down , dipping towards my opening , before climbing again to tease my swollen trigger . 
 the sensation was exquisite , almost to the point of pain ; perfectly measured to tease , but never summon my release . 
 i let out a strangled cry , a kind of desperate plea that came from deep down inside me where there were no words . 
 `` i 'll give you what you want , sophia . 
 i 'll fuck you until you do n't remember your own name . '' 
 he brought his hand up to brush my cheek , staring down into my eyes . 
 `` but not just yet . '' 
 before i realised what was happening , his hands slipped under the pillow , and something cold and metallic clicked into place around my wrists . 
 i let out a surprised squeak . 
 i 'd known handcuffs were probably going to be part of the deal at some point , but nonetheless the sensation was a little frightening . 
 these were n't your stereotypical fluffy , pink , ` i 'm a kinky housewife ' restraints . 
 these were the real deal . 
 there was no give , no softness or sensuality , just the implacable strength of steel . 
 rather than simply pinning my arms in place , this time my bonds were linked to the bed frame . 
 not only was i restricted from using my hands , i could n't escape , even if left alone . 
 he had me at his mercy for as long as he desired . 
 to my credit , i managed to keep my mouth shut . 
 i 'd come to realise that surprises were just part of the experience with sebastian . 
 i simply had to trust that he 'd never take me too far too fast . 
 `` perfect , '' he said , leaning backwards to admire his handiwork . 
 `` now you 're completely mine . '' 
 his hands began to unfasten my buttons , chased by his mouth , licking and teasing the freshly exposed skin . 
 shock had temporarily sent my arousal scurrying to the back of my head , but the moment his lips touched me , it began pushing its way to the front again . 
 `` this is mine , '' he said , planting a soft kiss across the centre of my belly . 
 `` and this , '' he continued , brushing his lips along the curve of my hips . 
 my shirt fell open , and he paused , savouring the sight of my lingerie . 
 thanks to my newfound obsession with sexy underwear , the bra i was wearing was rather low cut , and while the handcuffs prevented him from unfastening it completely , it did n't take more than a soft tug to pull the cups down slightly , exposing my hardened nipples . 
 `` and these are definitely mine , '' he said , taking one into his mouth and teasing the peak with his tongue . 
 i desperately wanted to reach out and push his head between my legs , but of course i could n't . 
 he could take as much time as he wanted . 
 and he took ample advantage . 
 with agonising slowness he continued to work his way around my body , seemingly intent on leaving no stone untouched . 
 he was a master of his craft , steadily stoking the fire inside me , but never letting it flare too much . 
 i writhed against him , pleading for the climax that lay just out of reach , but he simply smiled . 
 `` this is what it is to submit , sophia , '' he said . 
 `` to put your pleasure in the hands of another and trust that they 'll take care of you . '' 
 i had no answer for that . 
 as maddening as it was , i knew he was right . 
 the exquisite foreplay continued . 
 i lost all track of time . 
 soon , every inch of my skin was flushed and tingling . 
 he was clearly enjoying watching me come undone . 
 i started to think maybe he was never going to let me come , that he 'd leave me chained there all night , a squirming , flustered wreck . 
 but finally his kisses began to hone in on the soft flesh of my inner thighs . 
 `` please , '' i cried again , sensing that this was the time . 
 `` please what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` please eat my pussy . 
 please make me come . '' 
 `` do you think you 've earned it ? '' 
 i nodded vigorously . 
 `` i have . '' 
 he paused , and for a few dreadful seconds i thought i 'd been mistaken . 
 `` i think so too , '' he said at last , and with a soft growl , he planted a long , slow kiss on my sex . 
 i gasped . 
 his tongue parted my aching folds , caressing me with strokes that managed to be strong and demanding , yet soft as a cloud . 
 i rocked against him , the metal rim of the cuffs biting into my skin , yet the pain went all but unnoticed . 
 `` yes , yes , '' i moaned . 
 `` keep going . '' 
 most of the work had already been done . 
 my body felt ready to burst . 
 my hips began bucking , gyrating wildly as the pleasure cascading through me reached its crescendo . 
 `` sebastian , i 'm coming ! '' 
 with expert dexterity he guided me over the edge , milking every ounce of pleasure from my body , until i sunk , panting , into the bed . 
 he gazed at me for several seconds , radiating satisfaction . 
 `` that 's the first of many tonight . 
 i 'm not done with you yet . '' 
 `` i suspected that might be the case , '' i said weakly . 
 his cock flexed invitingly . 
 as i stared at it , i knew what i wanted to do next . 
 i needed to taste him like he 'd tasted me . 
 `` but first , there 's something i 'd like to do to you , '' i continued , giving my lips a slow lick . 
 he let out a short laugh . 
 `` oh ? 
 and what might that be ? '' 
 `` take off your clothes and i 'll show you . '' 
 smiling in amusement at the role reversal , he did as he was told , stripping away his suit until he stood naked before me . 
 the sight of that lithe form caused my body to stir once more . 
 `` much better . 
 now come here and uncuff me . 
 i want to suck your cock . '' 
 two months ago , i 'd have laughed if anyone told me i 'd be saying something so bold to a partner , but with sebastian , the old sophia was nowhere in sight . 
 in moments he was just inches from my face , but he did n't reach for my restraints . 
 `` i 'll let you give the orders this once , '' he said , `` but we 're still playing by my rules . 
 the cuffs stay . '' 
 well , that would be a new experience . 
 but i 'd never been one to shy away from a challenge . 
 shifting my position , i leaned forward and wrapped my lips around his swollen crown . 
 he exhaled slowly . 
 `` oh christ , that feels wonderful . '' 
 he tasted fantastic ; warm , musky , and slightly salty . 
 the width of him filled my mouth . 
 i worked my lips slowly up and down , paying special attention to the soft track of skin just below the head , while my tongue swirled an intricate pattern across the underside of his shaft . 
 it was an incredibly submissive position to be in , splayed below him , gazing up at his body while i pleasured him . 
 he 'd spent so long focused on me , i loved that i could give him the same in return . 
 `` lick it , '' he said , sliding free , and i did as ordered , lavishing him with slow strokes all the way to the root , then darting up to engulf him once more . 
 being bound changed the experience dramatically . 
 i longed to reach out and seize the base in my fist , to pump it while i sucked him , but that was n't an option . 
 instead , i focused on swallowing as much of him as i could . 
 `` yes , that 's it , take it deeper , '' he said , seizing my head in his hands and guiding his length further down my throat . 
 i drew a sharp breath through my nose , certain i was about to gag , but again he proved he was perfectly in tune with my body , never taking me over my limits . 
 gradually , he took over . 
 i 'd enjoyed being in control of his pleasure , but there was something erotic about having him fuck my mouth too . 
 it was base , it was possessive , and it was hot as hell watching his self-control unravel before my eyes . 
 his fingers clenched tight around my hair as his strokes grew wilder . 
 our mutual masturbation had clearly taken a toll . 
 he was close . 
 i could feel each individual vein shift and pulse against my tongue . 
 `` oh fuck , i 'm going to come so hard , '' he groaned , and with several more mighty drives his body stiffened , and warmth exploded down my throat . 
 his semen was sweet and salty and oh so good , and i swallowed every drop . 
 as he pulled free , i stared up at him , licking my lips once more for effect . 
 he shook his head and smiled . 
 `` god you 're sexy . '' 
 leaning down , he locked his mouth over mine . 
 `` and extremely talented , if you do n't mind me saying . '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` not at all . '' 
 `` i 'm going to uncuff you now , '' he said , seizing my restraints . 
 `` i want you on all fours for what comes next . '' 
 `` next ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he looked at me like i 'd forgotten something incredibly obvious . 
 `` i still want to fuck you , sophia . '' 
 `` do n't you want a break or something ? '' 
 `` do i look like i need a break ? '' 
 he asked , nodding to his cock . 
 it was still rock hard and glistening with my saliva . 
 `` well , that 's enough to offend a girl . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` do n't be . 
 it 's a compliment . 
 you drive me crazy . 
 i seem to be hard all the time , since i met you . '' 
 his words stoked my arousal . 
 `` well , it would be a shame not to take advantage of that . '' 
 `` my thoughts exactly . '' 
 with barely concealed urgency , he flipped me onto my knees and slammed into me . 
 i let out a long moan and rocked against him , revelling in the sensation of finally having him inside me . 
 `` fuck , i love how ready you are for me , '' he said . 
 i could n't muster a reply . 
 his body was thrumming , his strokes slow and purposeful , and they echoed through me in great waves . 
 wrapping his hands around my hips he yanked my body against his , burying himself in me as deeply as he could . 
 the air was soon thick with our grunts and cries . 
 i 'd been expecting my pleasure to build slowly , but it was n't long before i could feel myself cresting again , helpless against that exquisite rhythm . 
 `` have you been wearing your butt plug like i asked ? '' 
 sebastian said , his fingers firmly squeezing my ass . 
 `` yes , '' i whispered , although the implication was lost on me . 
 all i could focus on was the swelling inside me . 
 a few more moments and i would be past the point of no return . 
 he slipped one hand underneath me , stroking my moistened lips with his thumb , coating it with my juices . 
 `` then you might want to hold on . '' 
 that got my attention . 
 but before i could voice a question , i felt a firm pressure against my rosette as he pushed his way in , and then all capacity for speech instantly fled . 
 i 'd had no idea a finger there could feel so good . 
 it magnified everything else he was doing to me a hundred times over . 
 something broke inside me , and my knuckles curled white around the bed sheets . 
 i 'd never come like that before . 
 not even with him . 
 it felt like every individual cell in my body was rupturing all at once . 
 it was the kind of orgasm that should have left me in a crumpled heap , but sebastian did n't stop , he did n't even slow , he just kept thrusting as my body clenched and buckled beneath him . 
 `` more , sophia . 
 i need more . 
 i 'd make you come all night if i could . '' 
 and somehow , my body responded . 
 with him , i felt like perhaps i could go all night . 
 the raw physical connection between us drowned out everything else . 
 seizing my hips he flipped me around onto my back and lifted my legs to rest on his shoulder , squeezing my pussy even tighter around his hardness . 
 with great drives he began fucking me once more , the new angle striking some long forgotten spot deep inside me . 
 i could feel every inch of him , hot and rigid , as he urged my body towards another climax . 
 this one was different , less intense , but longer , and i yelled wordlessly as he brought me over the cusp . 
 `` one more , '' he said , letting my legs drop back to the bed . 
 the fire in his eyes made him look like a man possessed . 
 i winced . 
 `` sebastian i ca n't . 
 i ca n't . '' 
 `` one more , '' he repeated . 
 with my legs free he altered positions again , leaning down and wrapping one arm behind my neck , locking us in a lover 's embrace . 
 his mouth found mine , grazing softly across my lips , before moving down my neck to flit gently across my nipples . 
 his thrusts became soft , almost delicate , as he gradually coaxed my spent body back to life . 
 the intimacy of it all threatened to unravel me . 
 we 'd gone from kinky domination to tender lovemaking in just a few short minutes . 
 i did n't understand . 
 it was the kind of sex i expected to have with a lover of several years , not a self-professed anti-romantic playboy like sebastian . 
 christ sophia , do n't read too much into it . 
 ca n't you just enjoy a good thing for what it is ? 
 but as we climaxed one final time together , clawing desperately at each other 's bodies and choking out each other 's names , i felt a wave of contentment unlike anything i 'd experienced before . 
 yeah , you might be in trouble here , girl . 
 chapter seven the whole next day , my conversation with thomas played through my mind . 
 in light of the things i 'd felt last night , it was getting harder and harder to convince myself it was just sex with sebastian . 
 our previous times together had been eye-opening , but this had been something more , something intimate . 
 it filled a space inside me that i had n't even known existed . 
 but there was no future there . 
 thomas had said it , as had sebastian himself . 
 whatever i felt from him had to be my imagination . 
 letting myself think otherwise was a recipe for more heartbreak . 
 and so i knuckled down and tried to concentrate on work . 
 a few mornings later , i received what appeared to be good news . 
 in amongst the usual drudgery of my inbox was a request from ernest to do some work on the wrights case . 
 hope this is more like what you were looking for . 
 enjoy ! 
 i grinned . 
 he 'd come through after all ! 
 it was an important task too ; hunting through client testimony and trying to distil it down to its core points . 
 it was this sort of stuff that our case was built on . 
 high five , sophia ! 
 working as fast as i could , i ploughed through my other tasks . 
 i figured i 'd have them all done by midday , then i could spend the afternoon on the meaningful stuff . 
 i should have realised that it was too good to be true . 
 at eleven thirty , i received an email from jennifer . 
 hey soph . 
 hope you 're feeling better . 
 those prawns can be nasty things . 
 need you to take care of something . 
 this came down from mr bell himself and alan asked that i get our best people on it , so naturally i thought of you . 
 it needs to be taken care of asap . 
 have fun . 
 attached was a series of case files for some tiny corporate litigation we were handling , with a note telling me to sift through and check for errors . 
 it was lengthy , painstaking work , the kind most lawyers dread . 
 to make matters worse , it took me all of a few seconds to see that the case would n't even make it to trial . 
 there was barely enough evidence to make an accusation , let alone get a favourable judgement . 
 she could n't have crafted a more colossal waste of my time if she 'd tried . 
 although ernest technically outranked her , jennifer had invoked both mr bell 's and alan 's names , which should have pushed it to the top of my pile . 
 i doubted either of them had really laid eyes on it , but proving that would be annoying , time consuming , and probably fruitless . 
 i closed my eyes and attempted to contain my rage . 
 it was impossible that it was mere coincidence . 
 i finally received some real work , and out of the blue jennifer miraculously conjured some mindless task for me . 
 not to mention her sickening faux chummy tone . 
 she might as well have written `` hahahaha '' at the end of the email . 
 before i knew what i was doing , i 'd left my office and was storming across the floor to hers . 
 telling off a superior was n't the smartest career move , but at that moment i did n't really care . 
 `` really ? '' 
 i said , striding into her office unannounced . 
 `` sophia , '' she replied , smiling up at me like that was the most normal greeting in the world . 
 `` what a pleasure . 
 is everything okay ? '' 
 `` what do you think ? 
 i 've just been assigned work for the most pointless case on our books . '' 
 somehow she managed to look perfectly innocent . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 i glared at her . 
 `` the phaidan file ? '' 
 `` oh that . 
 come on , you 're being a bit dramatic do n't you think ? 
 if anything it 's a compliment . 
 we needed someone with a good eye for detail , so i assigned you . '' 
 i felt my hands contract involuntarily into fists . 
 i was a hair 's breadth away from leaping over the desk and rearranging the details of her face . 
 `` it 's bullshit , is what it is . 
 that case is never going to see the inside of a court room and you know it . '' 
 `` oh i do n't know about that . 
 in any case , i 'm just doing what i 'm told . '' 
 `` oh yeah ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` well i 'm not . 
 i 'm not wasting my afternoon on that crap when there 's real work to be done . '' 
 she stared at me for several seconds , a calculating glint in her eyes . 
 eventually she shrugged . 
 `` well , suit yourself . 
 obviously i ca n't force you . '' 
 her voice turned sweet . 
 `` i just hope nobody upstairs hears that you 're rejecting assigned work . 
 you know how this place is ; it 's a slippery slope to the bottom . '' 
 at that point i knew i 'd played right into her hands . 
 this was exactly the sort of reaction she 'd been hoping for . 
 it probably was n't enough to land me in serious trouble , but causing me any kind of grief seemed to be a win in her books . 
 she loved watching me squirm . 
 `` why , jennifer ? '' 
 i asked , hating myself for sounding so defeated . 
 for a moment a look of unrestrained glee spread over her face , but it was gone again in an instant . 
 she was too smart to give up the game so easily . 
 `` why what , sophia ? '' 
 she replied , her tone perfectly neutral . 
 unable to stand another second in her presence , i spun and fled back to my office . 
 slamming the door behind me , i sat down and let out a long breath . 
 calm blue ocean , sophia . 
 as much as jennifer 's antics angered me , i did n't know what i could do about them . 
 the hierarchy was everything in our office , and despite how little she deserved it , she outranked me . 
 that made her basically untouchable . 
 sure , i could try going to the higher ups , but it was career suicide to go behind a superior 's back unless the problem was really serious . 
 once you had a reputation as a backstabber , nobody wanted to work with you . 
 all i could really do was hunker down and try to roll with the punches . 
 i considered just giving in and doing the work she 'd assigned , but try as i might , i could n't make myself start it . 
 either way she was going to win . 
 at least by refusing i kept some shred of dignity . 
 i doubted she 'd actually be petty enough to take it up the ladder , and if she did , well , it would probably only be a slap on the wrist . 
 so , gritting my teeth , i opened the wrights files and began to work . 
 chapter eight despite my best efforts to stay positive , jennifer 's meddling sent my mood plummeting . 
 even though she had n't actually stopped me from working on wrights , she 'd soured the experience for me . 
 suddenly it felt like the wrong thing to do . 
 i hated her for that . 
 to make matters worse , i kept running into her around the office . 
 at first i thought it was just chance , but soon i realised she was doing it on purpose . 
 she never said anything about our altercation , but the smarmy little smiles she shot me told me all i needed to know . 
 she 'd enjoyed her little prank immensely . 
 after two days of feeling like shit , i found myself reaching for the phone . 
 i was n't sure if emotional support fell under the terms of my relationship with sebastian , but he was the first person i thought to call . 
 there was something about his presence that made me feel comfortable and protected , and right now that was exactly what i needed . 
 he answered after five or six rings . 
 `` sophia . '' 
 `` hey , '' i replied , trying my best to sound less morose than i felt . 
 it did n't work . 
 `` is everything okay ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i sighed . 
 `` not really . 
 having a pretty rough few days actually . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm sorry . 
 work stuff ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 any chance you 're free tonight ? 
 i could use some cheering up . '' 
 he hesitated . 
 `` i do n't know , i 've got a lot to do here . '' 
 `` just for a little while ? 
 i 'd really like to see you . 
 i 'll even come to you . '' 
 there was another pause . 
 `` i guess i can spare an hour or two . 
 is ten okay ? '' 
 `` totally fine . 
 i 'll see you then . '' 
 knowing i was seeing him later made the day a little more bearable . 
 he greeted me at the door when i arrived , looking as fresh as if he 'd just woken up . 
 despite the late hour , he was still wearing a suit , although the tie was missing . 
 perhaps that was as far as ` casual ' went for him . 
 `` hey , '' he said softly , pulling me in for a hug . 
 i stood there for a few moments enjoying the feel of his arms . 
 `` hey , '' i replied eventually . 
 he led me inside . 
 `` thanks for making time , '' i said , once we were seated in the lounge room . 
 `` i know you 're busy . 
 i just really needed a friendly face . '' 
 he gave a dismissive wave . 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 i did n't like the way you sounded on the phone . 
 so what 's wrong ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 now that i actually had to explain it , it all felt a little petty , but there was no backing out now . 
 i told him about what had happened . 
 he listened patiently , compassion evident on his face . 
 he seemed genuinely troubled that i was upset . 
 `` you think jennifer is the reason you 've been having so much trouble lately ? '' 
 he asked , when i was done . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i doubt it . 
 i mean , she 's just a senior associate , not a partner . 
 she does n't have that kind of authority . 
 do n't get me wrong , i 'm sure it does n't help and she probably takes every opportunity to talk me down when she can - in the sweetest way possible of course - but at the moment she seems content to just fuck with me instead . '' 
 `` and you ca n't take it up the ladder at all ? 
 surely that 's office harassment or something . '' 
 `` it would n't do any good . 
 she 's kissed the ass of every bigger paycheck in the company . 
 all i 'd do is make more trouble for myself . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` so what are you going to do ? '' 
 i exhaled sharply . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 either way i lose . 
 i basically have to make a choice ; the work i want to do , or the work i should do . 
 it 's so unfair . '' 
 those last words came out as a kind of high pitched squeal , and i suddenly realised how i was coming across . 
 `` god , i 've turned into a whiny high-school girl . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 he smiled and reached out to stroke my knee . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 seems to me it might be justified . 
 why does this woman dislike you so much ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 she seems to dislike most other women around the office . 
 you 'd think she 'd want to stick together , but i get the sense she 'd be happier if she were the only one . 
 plus , i think it pissed her off the way tasks got distributed when we both first started . 
 despite her position , she 's just not really that good at her job , and it showed in her work . 
 she got stuck doing the things i 'm doing now , while i was working on the good stuff . 
 it was only once she got her claws into the higher ups that she managed to drag herself out . '' 
 `` well , she sounds like a petty bitch . '' 
 those words brought a smile to my face . 
 i had n't expected to hear sebastian say something so catty . 
 `` that 's a fairly accurate assessment . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i do n't know , maybe i 'm making too big of a deal out of it . 
 sometimes it just kind of feels like the whole place is conspiring against me , you know ? 
 i have no idea how long this wrights work from ernest is going to last . 
 i suspect he had to fight pretty hard to get me assigned . '' 
 `` well , at least you 've got someone on your side . '' 
 `` that 's true . '' 
 `` you deserve better than this , sophia . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 he slid closer on the couch and looped his arm around me . 
 `` i just wish there was something i could do . '' 
 `` you 've done plenty by just listening . 
 i was n't expecting any solutions , just someone to vent to . '' 
 he nodded but did n't reply . 
 we sat like that for a few minutes . 
 it felt good to be snuggled against him . 
 i had n't been sure what to expect from this encounter , but he 'd been incredibly kind and understanding . 
 he 'd even joined me in a little therapeutic spitefulness . 
 i leaned up and kissed him . 
 it was meant to be just a short tender gesture , a thank you for being there for me , but whatever explosive chemistry our bodies shared seemed oblivious to any sort of context . 
 in a matter of moments , our kiss deepened , his tongue entwining with mine while his hands found my neck . 
 i felt something stirring inside my stomach , the first pleasant thing i 'd felt since my encounter with jennifer . 
 i broke away . 
 `` you know , i believe i was promised cheering up . 
 i 'm certainly feeling a little better , but i would n't describe myself as cheerful yet . '' 
 his expression turned sly . 
 `` is that so ? 
 well then , i still have work to do . '' 
 wrapping his hands around my thighs he lifted me on top of him . 
 as his lips began to trace their way down my shoulder , i threw back my head , closed my eyes , and gave myself over to him . 
 my body bowed and shuddered as he teased the spark inside me into a raging fire , one exquisite kiss at a time . 
 his fingers wound towards to my buttons and began to work their way down , unwrapping me with torturous slowness . 
 the intimacy of the position filled me with warmth and security . 
 the trust i had in moments like those made me feel so safe , so protected . 
 in his hands , i could simply lose myself in the moment , utterly confident that whatever we were doing , he 'd take care of me . 
 slipping my blouse to one side and snapping my bra free with one deft flick of his wrist , he freed my breasts . 
 he leaned backwards momentarily , gazing at my body with a heat so intense i was surprise i did n't burst into flames . 
 `` has anyone ever told you how fucking perfect you are ? '' 
 i could n't help but smile . 
 `` not in those exact words . '' 
 `` then all the men you 've ever met are idiots . '' 
 he resumed his maddening exploration . 
 my nipples were hard peaks , begging for his mouth , and he obliged , grazing them softly with his tongue in a way that made my whole body contort . 
 i curled my fingers through his hair , savouring the silky texture of it as he roved across my chest . 
 `` stand up , sophia , '' he said . 
 i did as i was told . 
 his eyes heavy with purpose , he reached around and unfastened the zipper of my skirt . 
 with slow reverence he pulled it down , his breath stalling as my legs slowly came into view . 
 nobody had ever made me feel that way before ; so utterly worshipped . 
 my panties came down next , and his pants followed , and then i was straddling him once more . 
 i could feel the rigid heat of him radiating between my legs even before he entered me . 
 his eyes widened as he gradually pushed his way past my folds , my body welcoming that sweet invasion with trembling hunger . 
 reaching out , he wrapped one hand around my waist and the other around my shoulder , and began to guide me up and down . 
 his grip was firm , but his motions remained slow and measured . 
 i had no idea how a man could be so strong , so powerful , and yet so tender . 
 i knew the animal was still locked away inside him somewhere , but this was exactly what i wanted right now , to make love , not to fuck , and so that 's what he gave me . 
 i 'd never been on top with him before . 
 i liked the sensation of riding him , the way i could subtly shift my hips to change the angle of our motion . 
 but even with me in such a position of strength , he was definitely still running the show . 
 with firm pressure , he rocked my body against his , sheathing himself completely and grinding my clit against his pubic bone with a rhythm that set my whole body cresting . 
 `` oh christ , do n't stop , '' i moaned . 
 he reached up with one hand to caress my breasts , while leaning in and planting a string of hungry kisses along my collar bone . 
 `` i wo n't . 
 i 've got you , sophia . '' 
 as i pressed my face into his hair , the scent of him washed over me , that perfect masculine potency . 
 nothing else had ever smelled that good . 
 `` are you going to come for me ? '' 
 he asked , his voice full of warmth . 
 `` yes , '' i breathed , the pressure inside me swelling and rippling , following his command . 
 maintaining the same tantalising pace , he guided me over the edge , pulling me in close and sealing his mouth over mine as my release took hold . 
 it was n't the most powerful orgasm he 'd given me , but it was the most affectionate , which at that moment made it utterly perfect . 
 he came wordlessly about twenty seconds later , his body quivering beneath me . 
 the whole time , he never broke that kiss . 
 `` well , consider me cheerful , '' i said , as we lay there afterwards . 
 he pulled me close . 
 `` i aim to please . '' 
 there was a wonderful sense of protection being encased between those arms . 
 my troubles were still lurking in the back of my head somewhere , but i 'd turned down the volume as best i could . 
 i 'd come to sebastian to make me feel better , and he 'd done an amazing job . 
 now i just wanted to enjoy that sensation for as long as possible . 
 chapter nine the following morning i woke to an empty bed , but it was not my own . 
 it was the first time sebastian and i had spent a full night together . 
 joe had always driven me home in the past . 
 i did n't know if my staying over was intentional or not , but i chose to believe it was . 
 when i finally managed to drag myself from sebastian 's impossibly soft sheets , i found a folded white robe waiting for me on the dresser . 
 it was accompanied by a note . 
 your clothes were positively filthy , so i had them put in the wash . 
 your underwear too . 
 they 're drying at the moment , so you 'll have to make do with something else for now . 
 i held it up in front of the mirror . 
 sheer and short , with a hem that barely covered the middle of my thighs , it hardly deserved the name ` robe ' at all . 
 i had no idea where he 'd gotten it from . 
 my clothes may have had a day 's wear , but `` positively filthy '' was definitely a stretch . 
 it did n't take a rocket scientist to see that this was another of his little games . 
 and as much as i enjoyed playing them , i felt a sudden desire to turn the tables on him . 
 a few minutes of exploring his extensive wardrobe turned up an over-sized tie-dyed tee shirt that fell all the way to my knees . 
 it was n't the sort of thing i could ever see sebastian wearing , but it suited my needs just fine . 
 i found him in the kitchen . 
 `` morning , '' i said nonchalantly , as i strolled in . 
 `` good morning . '' 
 he did a double take . 
 `` where on earth did you find that ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` in your cupboard somewhere . '' 
 `` was the robe not to your tastes ? '' 
 `` oh it was fine . 
 i just figured if you were going to hold my clothes hostage i 'd do the same to you . '' 
 he laughed loudly . 
 `` fair enough . 
 although i have to say , if commandeering your clothes causes you to dress like this every day , i 'm not sure i 'll be giving them back any time soon . 
 are you naked under there ? '' 
 i grazed my teeth over my bottom lip and tried to look innocent . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 he made an appreciative noise . 
 `` well i have to say , you look fucking sexy wearing my clothes . '' 
 `` so it is yours ? '' 
 i asked , grinning widely . 
 he sighed . 
 `` regrettably , yes . 
 let 's just say i was going through a phase . '' 
 i laughed . 
 it was impossible to picture sebastian looking anything other than perfectly dapper - even now , naked , save for a pair of loose fitting slacks , he looked stunning - but it was nice to know he was human too . 
 my stomach rumbled as my brain finally registered the smell of oil and eggs . 
 looking around , i realised that breakfast was already well on the way . 
 there was coffee brewing in a rather elaborate drip filter pot , and several fry pans were sizzling on the stove . 
 sebastian was busy flitting between them , spatula in hand . 
 there was something about the image that made me giggle . 
 `` what 's so funny ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` nothing , i just did n't take you for much of a cook . '' 
 a look of mock offence crossed his face . 
 `` and why would you think that ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i just assumed you 'd have somebody to do it for you . '' 
 `` because money means you never do anything for yourself ? '' 
 `` i did n't say that ! 
 it 's just an amusing image . 
 the millionaire dom who liked to cook . 
 it 's like a bad erotic book title . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` even us steely sadists have to eat . '' 
 `` well it smells great . '' 
 i slipped closer to survey what was on offer . 
 `` mmm , chorizo for breakfast ? 
 you 're living dangerously . '' 
 `` i do everything dangerously , sophia , '' he deadpanned . 
 we both laughed . 
 `` you know , i honestly ca n't remember the last time a guy cooked me breakfast , '' i said , taking a seat as he slid a plate in front of me . 
 `` i have to say , i kind of like it so far . '' 
 he joined me at the bar . 
 `` sounds to me like you 've been dating the wrong guys . '' 
 `` you can say that again . '' 
 as much as i willed it to stay put , the smile fell from my face . 
 i hated that two years later , connor still had the power to hurt me , but he did . 
 just thinking about him made my stomach knot with shame . 
 sebastian gazed at me for several seconds , his expression mirroring my own . 
 `` he must been one hell of a bastard . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` he was n't exactly boyfriend of the year . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , i did n't mean to bring him up . '' 
 i sighed . 
 as much as it hurt to discuss , i still felt a little like i owed sebastian an explanation for my past behaviour . 
 `` it 's fine . 
 i should be able to talk about this stuff by now . '' 
 he hesitated , but took the hint . 
 `` what happened between you two exactly ? '' 
 `` nothing worth talking about . 
 he was rich and charming , i was young and naive . 
 it was a match made in heaven ... for him at least . '' 
 `` were you together long ? '' 
 `` a few years . 
 long enough to make me feel like an idiot for ever trusting him . '' 
 it came out more bitter than i 'd intended . 
 `` hey , '' he said , reaching out to stroke my arm , `` everybody 's allowed a mistake , here or there . 
 god knows i 've got my share . '' 
 `` there 's a difference between a mistake and outright stupidity . 
 all the signs were there - unexplained nights away from home , mysterious texts - but he always had an excuse ready , and i ate them up . 
 looking back on it now it seems so fucking obvious . '' 
 `` people do n't behave rationally when they 're in love . 
 you ca n't hold that against yourself . 
 besides , from where i 'm sitting , you 're not the one that really fucked up . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` you 're a strong , beautiful , amazing woman , sophia . 
 he may have had you for a year or two , but he gave you up . 
 one day , someone is going to have you forever , and then they 're going to be the ones making him look stupid . '' 
 i stared at him for several seconds , a rush of some foreign emotion blazing in my belly . 
 talking about connor always left me feeling angry and embarrassed , but somehow sebastian had washed all that away with just a few lovely words . 
 `` well , it 's hard to argue with that , '' i said . 
 `` then do n't . '' 
 we moved on to lighter topics . 
 sebastian had several less than flattering stories about thomas . 
 i think he was just trying to get revenge for ` locky ' . 
 the whole experience was a bit of a revelation . 
 every time i was with him , he revealed a new side to himself , and i had to admit , lazy tuesday morning sebastian was quickly becoming my favourite . 
 as fantastic as the sex was , it was nice just sitting around and chatting with him too . 
 away from prying eyes he seemed more relaxed ; the professional superman persona was stashed away in the wardrobe alongside his racks of designer suits . 
 here he was just sebastian , a man who wore old clothes and cooked scrambled eggs and delivered sweet words over coffee . 
 what 's more , he seemed at ease doing those things with me . 
 in spite of what thomas had said and the initial discussions between sebastian and i , it was hard not to feel like things were changing . 
 our last two nights together had been anything but casual , and it seemed impossible he did n't feel it too . 
 the word ` forever ' lingered in my mind . 
 i did n't know how to take that comment . 
 was there more to it than simple comfort ? 
 part of me wanted to think so . 
 after breakfast , we found our way back to the bedroom . 
 he told me to leave his shirt on while he fucked me , pinning my arms behind my back and whispering dirty things about how hot i looked in his clothes . 
 there were no cuffs or paddles or lengths of rope , just the unbreakable strength of his hands and the exquisite pressure of his cock . 
 it was more than enough . 
 afterwards , we lay snuggled in bed , flushed and glowing and blissfully satisfied . 
 i desperately did n't want the morning to end , although i knew i could n't delay much longer . 
 `` has anyone ever told you you tend to go above and beyond the call of duty ? '' 
 i asked , dozing against his chest . 
 he began stroking my shoulder . 
 `` in what way ? '' 
 `` well , i tasked you with cheering me up , but apparently you were n't satisfied with that . 
 right now , i 've left cheerful way behind . 
 seriously , you ca n't even see that shit anymore . 
 i 'd say i 'm well into blissful territory . 
 you deserve a commendation , sir . '' 
 his hand froze . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're feeling better . '' 
 `` next time , i 'm totally going to call in sick and see how far we can push this . '' 
 there was a pause . 
 `` next time ? '' 
 `` next time we do this . 
 i 'll tell you ; a girl could get used to sleepovers and homemade breakfasts . '' 
 the silence that followed should probably have set alarm bells ringing in my head , but i was too content to really notice . 
 all i could think about was how for the first time , it felt like things were really coming together for us . 
 how wrong i was . 
 chapter ten it turned out that i need n't have worried about being relegated to the bench again . 
 the wrights case had hit the front page once more after a new batch of victims came forward , so we were ramping up our efforts . 
 for now , it was all hands on deck . 
 it was fascinating , and a little horrifying , to be a part of . 
 a perfect illustration of the power mega companies can bring to bear when profits are under threat . 
 i was no stranger to the greed of big business , but there was a callousness about their approach that made even me balk . 
 they were like a truck , calmly driving along , ignoring every traffic signal . 
 most people managed to dive out of their way , but those that did n't were n't even worth a second glance . 
 they were just squashed underneath like bugs . 
 in spite of the pain and hassle a proper trial would involve , part of me hoped they refused to settle . 
 the more i read , the more i wanted little bell to crush them in the court room . 
 nothing came of the situation with jennifer , so i figured she 'd just been messing with me for her own enjoyment . 
 i felt a little stupid for overreacting . 
 it was n't a big deal in the grand scheme of things . 
 i should have been happy that i was finally working on my dream project , but i could n't really enjoy it . 
 something had changed with sebastian . 
 there was no doubt in my mind anymore that my feelings for him had grown , but ever since our morning together , his seemed to have moved in the opposite direction . 
 it was n't that he was ignoring me . 
 he still messaged every day or two , but they were short and monosyllabic and lacked any of the warmth i 'd come to expect . 
 in person he was no better . 
 aloof , almost to the point of being cold , we rarely had a discussion that lasted more than a few minutes . 
 that amazing man from just a few nights ago was nowhere in sight . 
 i clung on , hoping it was just stress . 
 over the next two weeks , our encounters took on a fairly predictable rhythm . 
 a spontaneous text message , a frenetic sexual rendezvous , and then a hasty departure . 
 on the surface , it was great . 
 i was working overtime , even by my standards , and it was the sort of comfortable arrangement that fit perfectly around that . 
 the problem was that was n't the kind of comfort i was looking for anymore . 
 i often found my mind wandering back to that morning chatting over coffee , and to the night before , to the overpowering rightness i 'd felt as i drifted off to sleep cocooned in his arms . 
 and the more i thought , the more i longed for that closeness again . 
 `` you could stay , you know , '' i said to him one night , as he stood up and began to gather his things . 
 `` i really should get home . '' 
 he even looked different now . 
 there was a permanently harried cast to his eyes that i 'd never seen before . 
 `` is everything okay ? '' 
 i 'd tried several times to pry something out of him , even the tiniest hint of what had gone wrong , but it was useless . 
 he nodded . 
 `` yeah . 
 i just have a lot to do , that 's all . '' 
 he tried shooting me a reassuring smile , but it did n't quite cut through the hardness on his face . 
 i did n't understand . 
 our connection had felt so real and so powerful to me , and i 'd been so sure he felt it too . 
 but now i was starting to doubt myself . 
 maybe i really had just imagined everything . 
 maybe i had no idea how to read men at all . 
 my past relationships certainly said as much . 
 but if that was the case , could i keep going the way things were , knowing there was nothing more to it ? 
 it felt wrong to throw away something that was so theoretically perfect , but every night that we said goodbye , i felt my heart break just a little more . 
 still , i was n't quite ready to give up just yet . 
 people always said the way to a man 's heart was through his stomach , and that was one approach i had yet to try . 
 so when the weekend rolled around , i sent him a text . 
 sophia : hey . 
 hope they 're not working you to the bone over there . 
 i thought maybe you could come around for dinner tonight night if you 're free . 
 i 'm not much of a chef , but i do make a mean carbonara . 
 thought i could pay you back for breakfast the other week . 
 let me know . 
 he replied a few minutes later . 
 sebastian : not sure i should . 
 but maybe i can swing by later on ? 
 i 'd expected it , but i still felt a pang of disappointment . 
 sophia : okay , sure . 
 but as the day progressed , my frustration grew . 
 i kept turning his message over in my mind . 
 it was the phrasing that bothered me . 
 there was that word `` should '' again . 
 `` not sure i should . '' 
 that was n't the same as `` not sure i can . '' 
 it could mean that he was too busy or had something else on , but it could also mean that he simply did n't want to . 
 if that was the case , then i was wasting my time . 
 i tried to convince myself to stop overthinking it , but by the time the evening rolled around , i still felt uneasy . 
 mostly out of stubbornness , i made a pot of carbonara anyway , and ate a bowl of it while reading on the couch . 
 there was n't much to do but wait . 
 he had n't given an exact time . 
 at about eleven o'clock , there was a knock at the door . 
 `` sophia , '' he said by way of greeting . 
 `` hey . '' 
 even with the turmoil i felt , i found myself smiling . 
 it was good to see him . 
 there was something addictive about the way i felt when we were together , some beautiful nexus of hormones and emotions that made everything seem a little brighter , a little more real . 
 i desperately wanted to keep feeling that as often as possible . 
 not even waiting until we 'd made it inside , he moved in to kiss me , and for a few seconds , my body began to yield to his . 
 but as he pressed me up against the hallway wall , his hand already teasing the curve of my ass , i felt something crack inside me . 
 `` sebastian ... wait ... '' i said , forcing myself to pull back . 
 `` what ? 
 is something wrong ? '' 
 i closed my eyes for a second and cupped my face in my hands . 
 `` just once in a while could we maybe wait more than a few minutes before you start feeling me up ? '' 
 his smile slipped . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i just missed you , that 's all . 
 you know what your body does to me . '' 
 `` it sounds like you missed my body a lot more than the rest of me , '' i replied , a little more harshly than intended . 
 he did n't seem to know how to reply to that . 
 suddenly feeling uncomfortable in such an intimate position , i ducked under his arm and moved into the lounge room . 
 he followed me in silence . 
 `` i 'm not sure i understand , '' he said , after about twenty seconds . 
 `` well that makes two of us . '' 
 i had n't planned to go on the offensive tonight , but the churning feeling in my stomach could n't be ignored any longer . 
 `` did i do something wrong ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i laughed bitterly and shook my head . 
 `` nope . 
 you 've done basically everything just the way you promised . '' 
 `` so what 's the problem ? '' 
 i did n't respond . 
 `` is it about dinner ? '' 
 i threw up my hands . 
 `` yes ... no ... i do n't know . 
 i thought it would be nice , that 's all . 
 spend a little time together . 
 you 've been distant , lately . '' 
 `` we 've seen each other three times this week . '' 
 i shot him a pointed look . 
 `` distant and physically present are n't mutually exclusive . '' 
 he ran a hand through his hair and began pacing . 
 he always seemed to do that when things did n't go to plan , as though enough steps would simply carry him away from the problem all together . 
 `` i do n't understand what you want from me , sophia . '' 
 `` i want some bloody consistency . 
 why is it okay for you to cook me breakfast , but i ca n't make you dinner ? 
 why is it okay for me to stay over at your place , but you wo n't ever stay here ? '' 
 there was a pause . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i did n't plan any of that , it just sort of happened . '' 
 `` so ? 
 that 's how these things are supposed to go . 
 they progress gradually . 
 what i want to know is , why are you trying so hard to make sure it does n't ` just happen ' again ? '' 
 he shifted awkwardly and looked away . 
 `` like i said , i 've been extremely busy lately . 
 i just do n't have that much time - '' `` it 's not just about the time ! 
 it 's everything ; the way you act , the way you talk to me . 
 it 's like there are two different sebastians . 
 some days i get the kind , sweet , intensely passionate man who makes me feel wonderful , and other days it 's his evil twin who barely wants to do anything but fuck , and who ignores me for weeks on end . 
 how the hell am i meant to deal with that ? '' 
 he pursed his lips . 
 `` i 'm the same man i always was . '' 
 `` that 's what i 'm worried about . '' 
 his face was a mask of intensity now . 
 `` so what are you saying , sophia ? '' 
 i shook my head slowly . 
 there was no going back now . 
 `` you want me to spell it out ? 
 okay , fine . 
 you were right to be worried at the beginning ; apparently your ` charms ' are just too strong . 
 i 'm no longer happy just to write this thing off as a casual fling . 
 do n't get me wrong , the sex is great , but it 's more than that to me now . 
 i like being with you , sebastian , naked or not , and i ca n't go on doing whatever the hell it is we 're doing anymore without admitting that . 
 i thought maybe you felt the same way , but apparently i was wrong . '' 
 i must have watched one too many sappy romantic comedies , because i was actually disappointed that my declaration did n't cause him to break into a glorious smile and sweep me up in his arms . 
 instead , he stared at me with an unreadable expression , his jaw working wordlessly . 
 that silence was almost crushing . 
 a car horn blared somewhere in the distance , punctuating his lack of response . 
 `` say something for god 's sake , '' i said , after a few seconds . 
 `` i 'm thinking , '' he replied . 
 white hot rage filled me . 
 `` thinking ? 
 this is n't a moment for thinking sebastian . 
 this is n't a game anymore . 
 there are no smooth lines to deliver , no different angles to approach from . 
 if you have to think , then this whole thing is a lost cause ! '' 
 he continued to sit , utterly motionless , his expression hard as stone . 
 it was too much . 
 i shot to my feet , suddenly desperate to be anywhere but in his presence . 
 i could n't even meet his eyes anymore . 
 i should have known better than to expect something more from him . 
 `` i need you to leave , '' i said . 
 `` consider our ` arrangement ' over . 
 i 'm sure that will give you plenty to think about . '' 
 i began moving towards the staircase , but as i passed him , his hand snaked out and caught my wrist . 
 `` sophia , wait . 
 look at me . '' 
 his voice was a dry rasp . 
 barely human . 
 reluctantly i turned . 
 the look on his face was frightening enough to stop me in my tracks . 
 it was like his expression so far had just been a mask , and now the entire thing had just broken right up the middle . 
 his cheeks were pinched and flushed , his mouth drawn tripwire tight , and there was something new in his eyes , something i could only describe as terror . 
 it was so intense that i could practically feel it rippling in the air around me . 
 there was no way i was misinterpreting that . 
 ending this frightened him as much as it did me . 
 `` it 's not just me , is it ? '' 
 i asked , my voice surprisingly soft . 
 he gave a tiny shake of his head . 
 `` of course it 's not just you . '' 
 i sank heavily back into my seat . 
 that admission did n't make me feel as good as i 'd expected . 
 it lifted one weight while replacing it with another . 
 `` so what is it , sebastian ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` if we both want the same thing , why run away ? '' 
 he drew a deep breath . 
 `` it 's complicated . 
 i 'm complicated . '' 
 `` relationships are complicated , '' i replied . 
 `` there 's no avoiding it . 
 we made a good effort at minimising all that and just sticking to the fun stuff , but i for one ca n't go on that way anymore . 
 as inconvenient as it might be for both of us , this thing means something to me now , and i want everything that comes with that , including your complications . '' 
 he gazed into my eyes , a ghost of a smile touching his lips . 
 `` it means something to me , too . '' 
 `` then stop pushing me away ! '' 
 he hung his head . 
 `` i want to . 
 i really do . 
 but you do n't know what you 're asking . 
 you terrify me , sophia . 
 i 've never felt so consumed by another person before . 
 and every time we see each other , it 's like i lose another piece of myself in you . 
 you criticise me for thinking too much , but the truth is , around you i do n't think . 
 i just do . 
 i have no control . 
 i 'm sorry if i freaked out , but i do n't know how to deal with that . '' 
 they were the most bittersweet words i 'd ever heard . 
 his feelings were as strong as mine , but apparently that was only half the battle . 
 `` why are you so afraid , sebastian ? '' 
 he studied me for what felt like an eternity . 
 i knew this was the moment that would make or break us . 
 he could throw his armour back on , pull down his mask , and march out the door , and there would be nothing i could do to stop him . 
 `` have you ever lost someone ? '' 
 he asked eventually . 
 `` someone important ? '' 
 i felt a sinking feeling in my stomach . 
 `` two grandparents , although i was too young to remember one very well . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i 've lost more than my fair share , but one cut a little closer to the bone than the rest . '' 
 i knew instantly who he was talking about . 
 `` the girl in your phone background ? '' 
 he swallowed loudly , then nodded . 
 i thought about her every now and again . 
 that night outside my house was one of the rare moments i 'd seen cracks in sebastian 's impeccable facade . 
 they were the same cracks i could see now , only this time , they were a hundred times worse . 
 what the hell had i just started ? 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i asked , as gently as i could . 
 his lips compressed and he gazed down at the table . 
 `` some men broke into her house , '' he said , his voice completely hollow . 
 `` the police said they were probably high , looking for money or something to sell . '' 
 he gave a sad little laugh . 
 `` she was always a fighter . 
 never backed down from anything . 
 that 's one of the things i loved about her . '' 
 he paused again . 
 `` there was a struggle . 
 they beat her senseless . 
 she died before the ambulance even arrived . '' 
 my hand flew up to my mouth . 
 `` oh god . '' 
 i reached out to take his fingers in mine . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , sebastian . 
 i did n't mean to make you dredge that up . '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' he replied , although his expression said otherwise . 
 he looked close to tears . 
 it was jarring seeing him like that . 
 he was always so strong , so in control . 
 `` it was serious ? '' 
 i asked tentatively . 
 he smiled the most gut-wrenching smile i 'd ever seen . 
 `` you could say that . 
 we were engaged . '' 
 `` oh god , '' i said again . 
 i had no idea what to say . 
 it was the kind of grief i knew no words would soothe . 
 even though i 'd wanted to know , part of me felt awful for putting him through this . 
 it kind of put my commitment issues into perspective . 
 all i 'd done was make a few terribly naive choices ; he 'd lost the person he loved most in the world . 
 i had no idea how i 'd recover from something like that . 
 i suspected i would n't . 
 he closed his eyes and drew several long breaths . 
 `` i nearly told you that night outside your house , you know . 
 nobody besides my closest friends know about liv , but even then , part of me felt compelled to explain it to you . '' 
 he brought his eyes up to meet mine , seizing my free hand in his . 
 `` there are lots of things i want to share with you , but sharing is n't easy for me . 
 you deserve someone who can give you everything , and i 'm afraid if we go any further , i 'm going to disappoint you . '' 
 for the short period i 'd known him , sebastian had always been a mystery to me . 
 it was like watching a magician perform . 
 i knew there was a trick there somewhere , but i was too dazzled to spot it . 
 but in that moment , i felt like i finally understood him just a little . 
 behind all those walls , behind that radiant charm and those perfect features , lay a scared and lonely man . 
 i hated seeing him like that , but at the same time , his candour filled me with hope . 
 i knew how much of a gift he 'd given me . 
 `` one step at a time , hey ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` i do n't need to know all of your deepest , darkest secrets right away . 
 all i need to know is that this is real , because if we go any further and i find out that it 's not , i think it will break me . '' 
 he studied me for several seconds , a small smile managing to puncture through his otherwise grim expression . 
 `` this is the realest thing i know , sophia . '' 
 and then before i could even finish processing what he 'd said , he was kissing me . 
 this time i did n't try to stop him . 
 i could n't . 
 i was certain if anything were going to break that moment , the very planet would have to collapse off its axis . 
 in that kiss , i saw a vision of everything i 'd ever wanted . 
 and it was wonderful . 
 chapter eleven it 's amazing the difference one night can make . 
 weeks ' worth of tension and uncertainty , all dissipated with a single conversation . 
 i woke with my body pressed against his , feeling more content than i had in a long time . 
 the smile on his face when he opened his eyes said that he felt the same . 
 after a leisurely love making session that involved several creative uses for a dressing gown tie , we headed for the kitchen to squeeze in a quick breakfast before work . 
 now that we 'd acknowledged our feelings , it was more difficult than ever to say goodbye . 
 i really just wanted to spend the whole day together , but that was the peril of a relationship between two dedicated professionals . 
 time was a limited commodity . 
 thankfully we had phones . 
 i used to mock those couples who seemed to require constant contact . 
 i had a friend at university who spent every day glued to her phone , eagerly waiting for the next inevitable text from her boyfriend . 
 it was n't like they were long distance or anything . 
 she 'd see him every night after class . 
 i never understood why she could n't just wait a few hours to say what she had to say . 
 but now i finally got it . 
 there was something comforting about those little connections . 
 it was n't so much the words themselves as what they symbolised ; that someone out there was thinking of you . 
 and sebastian and i made sure to let each other know that as often as possible . 
 two days later , i woke up to find a message from him . 
 sebastian : you 're coming out with me tonight . 
 i could n't help but smile . 
 no request . 
 just an order . 
 sophia : and what if i have plans ? 
 sebastian : i wo n't be stood up for a stack of subpoenas and a glass of red . 
 sophia : haha . 
 you know me too well . 
 fine . 
 where should i meet you ? 
 sebastian : i 'll come to you . 
 i want it to be a surprise . 
 be home and ready by 6.30 . 
 and wear comfortable shoes . 
 of course . 
 why tell me what we were doing when he could just keep it shrouded in mystery instead ? 
 i had to hand it to him , he knew how to keep a girl guessing . 
 the comfortable shoes tidbit was interesting . 
 it seemed to imply that we 'd be walking somewhere , but i 'd long since learned that his hints could rarely be taken at face value . 
 as usual , my excitement made the day go by at a crawl . 
 this would be our first full night together with everything laid out on the table . 
 for the first time , i could be completely unashamed of the way he made me feel . 
 that was a truly glorious prospect . 
 when five thirty rolled around , there was still a mountain of work needing to be done . 
 the wrights case had everyone with their noses to the grindstone . 
 in times past , i 'd blown off dates under such circumstances , but the thought did n't even enter my head tonight . 
 i tidied up what i could , sent a few quick apologetic emails , and headed home . 
 little bell had been my top priority for six long years ; it could spare me the odd night here and there . 
 sebastian was perfectly on time as usual . 
 as i stepped out of the front door , he cast his eyes over me and made a little throaty sound . 
 `` you 're a sight for sore eyes . '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` we saw each other two days ago . '' 
 `` and every minute of those was agony , '' he replied with a dramatic flourish . 
 he did a double take when he spotted my shoes . 
 `` the princess is wearing her slippers out again i see . '' 
 i 'd wondered if he 'd notice they were the same pair from that first night . 
 in my experience , men did n't pay much attention to shoes , but sebastian did n't seem to miss anything . 
 `` well , after the prince so graciously returned them to her , she figured she should make good use of them . 
 besides , they 're the most comfortable shoes she owns . '' 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 i curled my hands through his hair and pulled his mouth towards mine . 
 god , i 'd missed him . 
 in that moment , i was certain i would have been quite happy just standing on my front step with our lips locked together for the rest of the night . 
 as if reading my thoughts , he pulled away . 
 `` easy now . 
 let 's not get ahead of ourselves . 
 there will be plenty of time for that . '' 
 i made a show of pouting , but let him lead me to the car anyway . 
 the trip was longer than i 'd expected . 
 rather than dropping us somewhere in the city , joe continued to drive out over the harbour bridge . 
 `` where are you taking me ? '' 
 i asked , more than a little curious by now . 
 but he merely smiled . 
 `` if i told you , it would n't be a surprise . '' 
 once we crossed the spit bridge , i had a better idea , and my suspicions were proven right when we pulled up outside the manly boardwalk . 
 manly is one of the suburbs that sprawls along the north side of sydney harbour . 
 it 's a lovely area ; a dynamic mix of beach culture and nightlife . 
 i 'd had several messy nights there in my youth , although not for a few years . 
 old age had made me cynical and territorial , and i tended to stick closer to home now . 
 `` ah , so another waterfront meal is it ? '' 
 i asked , feigning disinterest . 
 he gazed down at me in amusement . 
 `` would it be a problem if it was ? '' 
 `` oh , i guess not , '' i said , trying to hide my smile . 
 `` you may want to consider some new material , that 's all . '' 
 `` you underestimate me , sophia . 
 i 've got a few more tricks up my sleeve yet . '' 
 linking arms with me , he led me along the pier . 
 i 'd expected him to take me into one of the softly lit , glass panelled restaurants that looked out over the bay , but instead he guided me into the back streets . 
 after just a few minutes of walking , we were essentially in suburbia . 
 i kept my mouth shut now , content to just wait and see . 
 eventually we ducked into an alley which appeared to be lined with houses . 
 sebastian stopped and exchanged a few words with a man who was standing outside a fairly unremarkable doorway . 
 after a few moments , we were led inside and down a narrow staircase . 
 the whole thing had a clandestine feel to it , much like that first night we met , and much like that night , i was not disappointed by what i found . 
 `` wow , '' i said , as we reached the bottom . 
 `` this is awesome . '' 
 i had been half right . 
 it was a restaurant , but it was one of the liveliest restaurants i 'd ever seen . 
 the room was packed full of people , all sitting at long tables laughing and chatting and passing around colourful plates laden with food . 
 the air was heavy with a million fragrances , garlic and paprika and the sweet bite of fresh chili . 
 the whole place had an amazing vibe , like everyone had a tacit agreement to shed their troubles for one night and just enjoy themselves . 
 i would have been surprised to spot a single unsmiling face . 
 `` welcome to mi casa , '' sebastian said . 
 `` my house ? '' 
 i asked , vaguely conjuring the translation from some long forgotten primary school spanish class . 
 he nodded . 
 `` a bit of a strange name for a restaurant . '' 
 his smile widened . 
 `` it 's not just a restaurant . 
 come on , they 're holding a table for us . '' 
 taking my hand , he led me up to the front counter . 
 the man there recognised him instantly , and after a few emphatic words , he guided us towards the back of the room . 
 `` this is my favourite place in the whole of sydney for a night out , '' sebastian said , once we were seated . 
 `` i do n't get to come here very often anymore , but every time i do , i enjoy myself . '' 
 `` i can see why , '' i said . 
 without us even having ordered , a waiter appeared at our table bearing two glasses and a tall jug of sangria . 
 `` standard issue , '' said sebastian , with a wink . 
 i was n't complaining . 
 it was delicious , sweet and rich , but with a hint of spice . 
 after studying the rather intimidating menu , i gave sebastian leave to just order for the both of us . 
 there were so many dishes that i had no idea where to start . 
 it was certainly a far cry from the last restaurant he 'd taken me to . 
 quay had been quiet and sophisticated ; the epitome of fine dining . 
 this felt more like a well-kept family secret . 
 from the plastic table cloths to the gregarious patrons , to the giant , warming plates of food , it was the kind of place that instantly made you feel at home . 
 at one point , while sebastian was ordering , he actually had to start yelling because a group behind us spontaneously broke into song . 
 `` sorry , '' he said to me , when the waiter had gone . 
 `` this place can get a little rowdy . '' 
 `` do n't apologise . 
 i love it . 
 who does n't want a little show with their meal ? '' 
 `` well , the meal will be even better than the show . 
 the food here is out of this world . 
 one of the only places that does paella as good as back home . '' 
 `` i 'm looking forward to it . '' 
 i took a sip of wine . 
 `` so you 're originally from spain then ? 
 i have to admit , that accent has always confused me . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i get that a lot . 
 i was born there , and my father was spanish , but my mother was australian . 
 growing up , i did n't really watch television or anything , so with just the two of them teaching me to speak , i kind of wound up with a mix of both accents . '' 
 `` spanish and australian , hey ? 
 well , i must say , that 's one hell of a hot combination . '' 
 i thought back to my discussion with thomas . 
 i longed to know more about sebastian 's past , but i did n't want to push him . 
 he 'd already opened up about liv , i figured the rest would follow when he was ready . 
 instead , we played catch up . 
 finally free to get to know one another , we covered every topic usually reserved for first and second dates ; movies , books , music , tv shows . 
 neither of us had much time for that stuff anymore , but we fit it in where we could . 
 it turned out he was a big horror movie fan , and he loved jack reacher books as much as i did . 
 `` he 's the kind of practical hero i can get behind , '' he said . 
 these were just tiny pieces , almost inconsequential when taken alone , but each one added just a little bit more to the jigsaw puzzle of him that i was slowly assembling in my head . 
 the food was as good as he 'd promised . 
 he 'd ordered far too much - enough for a family of five or six - but he waved away my complaints , insisting that i try everything . 
 `` are you having a good time ? '' 
 he asked , when we 'd about eaten our fill . 
 `` i 'm having an amazing time . 
 although i 'm still a little confused as to why i needed comfortable shoes . 
 are we going to run off our meal later on ? '' 
 he smiled like a man who had a secret he was bursting to share . 
 `` you 'll see soon enough . '' 
 about ten minutes later , there was a commotion in the centre of the room . 
 looking over , i frowned as i spotted the bulk of the floor staff beginning to gather up tables and chairs and stack them to one side . 
 it seemed a little early to be cleaning up , although nobody else appeared to mind . 
 most of the diners had vacated their seats and were standing to one side watching . 
 `` kicking us out already ? '' 
 i asked . 
 sebastian laughed . 
 `` hardly . 
 watch . '' 
 the waiters worked with a well-oiled precision , and in a few minutes , all but our corner of the floor was devoid of furniture . 
 i 'd had a few drinks by that point , so it still had n't quite clicked , but a few moments later , the music that had been meandering in the background suddenly grew louder , and the tune went from sedate to bombastic . 
 `` oh , no way , '' i said , watching in wonder as the crowd began to drift towards the centre of the room once more , their bodies now weaving in time with the rhythm . 
 the energy in the room instantly spiked through the roof . 
 `` like i said , not just a restaurant , '' he replied . 
 `` apparently not . '' 
 at that moment , the last piece of the puzzle fell into place . 
 `` oh shit . 
 are you expecting us to dance ? '' 
 if i 'd been going out with anyone else , that thought might have occurred to me earlier , but sebastian was n't the sort of guy i ever pictured going out dancing . 
 the freedom of it seemed so at odds with his iron sense of self-control . 
 i figured it would just make him uncomfortable . 
 `` you look surprised , '' he said , hopping to his feet . 
 `` i just thought you were more of a scotch and poker kind of guy . '' 
 `` ca n't i be both ? '' 
 i shook my head slowly in disbelief . 
 `` just when i think i 'm starting to get you pegged down just a little ... '' he laughed . 
 `` there 's a lot about me you do n't know , sophia . '' 
 `` does all of it have the capacity to embarrass me as much as this ? '' 
 `` oh come on , do n't tell me you 've never gone out dancing with your friends after a few too many . '' 
 `` of course i have , '' i replied , `` but replace ' a few ' with ' a lot ' . 
 i 'm certainly not that drunk yet . 
 besides , that was always at a club . 
 if you can stumble in a circle with your arms over your head , you fit right in in those places . 
 this is different . 
 this looks like an audition for so you think you can dance . '' 
 i was n't exaggerating . 
 i did n't have the knowledge or vocabulary to describe everything that was going on in front of me , but it felt like everyone in the room had at least some kind of dance training . 
 couples writhed together in perfect unison , their movements wild , yet graceful and assured . 
 no two routines were quite the same . 
 some pairs clung to one another like lovers on a bed , swaying and rocking in a permanent embrace . 
 others moved with more swagger , an ever shifting whirlwind of bare legs and muscular arms . 
 there was something incredibly sensual about it all . 
 i felt almost voyeuristic just sitting on the sidelines watching . 
 `` you 're overthinking it sophia . 
 remember what you said to me the other night ? 
 ` if you have to think then this whole thing is a lost cause . ' '' 
 he pulled me to my feet . 
 `` you probably do n't pay attention to the way you move , but i certainly do , and that body is made to dance . '' 
 i looked on helplessly as waiters swept in to clear our table away too . 
 `` i thought dancers were meant to be tall and thin . '' 
 he smiled a wicked smile and ran a hand gently down my hip . 
 `` ballet dancers perhaps , but that 's not really what i have in mind . '' 
 he nodded once more towards the throng . 
 `` come on , all you have to do is follow my lead . '' 
 maybe it was the pull of the music , or the seductive energy of the dancers , i 'm not sure , but i found myself nodding . 
 he led me into the fray . 
 instantly , i felt the adrenaline of the crowd wash over me . 
 it was a tangible thing that filled the air , seeping through my skin and setting my body thrumming . 
 the speakers were blasting out a driving rhythm , something modern , but with a distinctly latin bent , and sebastian was quick to find his stride . 
 i do n't know how i 'd ever thought he 'd look awkward . 
 one glance at that lithe body and anyone could see how at home he was on the dance floor . 
 his innate sexuality translated savagely well to such expression . 
 every gesture , every subtle shift of his hips , made him look even more alluring . 
 pressing one hand to the small of my back and seizing my fingers with the other , he began to lead me across the room , his feet a rhythmic blur , his body undulating like a flag in the breeze . 
 i did n't want to make him look like a fool , so i tried my best to match him , but my muscles felt stiff in his hands . 
 the show going on around us was elaborate , chaotic , beautiful , and i had no idea how i could possibly match it . 
 i felt impossibly out of my depth . 
 `` you 're still thinking , '' said sebastian , sensing my discomfort . 
 `` stop focusing so hard . 
 this is meant to be fun , not a competition . 
 the room does n't exist . 
 they do n't exist . 
 it 's just you , me , and the music . '' 
 i liked that idea . 
 closing my eyes , i leaned in against him and tried to relax . 
 it was easier with everything out of sight . 
 all i had to go by was the churning beat of the speakers and the touch of sebastian 's hands . 
 gradually , i let my muscles go soft , trusting that he would guide me . 
 the throbbing bass was like a beacon , and i let my body follow as it desired . 
 `` much better , '' sebastian said . 
 i had no name for what we were doing . 
 maybe i still looked stupid , i did n't know , but i no longer cared either way . 
 it just felt right . 
 i loved the sensation of being pressed up against him , letting him steer my limbs as though they were an extension of his own . 
 in that moment , we were one entity moving in perfect harmony . 
 it felt more than a little like when we made love - his hands manipulating me as my body bent to his , yielding to his control - and it was no less exciting for us being fully clothed . 
 but beyond the physical element , there was something deeper . 
 i knew it was a side of him that he rarely shared , which made it all the more special that he was doing so with me . 
 one by one , his walls were tumbling down . 
 as the first song ended , the music changed . 
 the new tune was slower , more sultry , and sebastian was quick to adapt . 
 a delicate twist of his wrist and i was spinning away , then suddenly snapping backwards to rest against him once more , this time with my back against his chest . 
 with torturous softness , his hands began to trace their way across my sides and down my thighs , flirting with the hem of my dress . 
 such intimacy in a public place should have made me balk , but the sensuality in the air was infectious . 
 i was utterly lost in the moment . 
 i could feel his breath hot on my skin as his lips teased the air just above my neck , tantalising but never touching . 
 with every vacillation of our hips my ass grazed against his pants , letting me know that i was n't the only one finding this to be a powerfully erotic experience . 
 other couples were throwing propriety to the wind too . 
 several men swept passed us with open shirts , their chests glistening with sweat , their partners slicing the air with their skirts like fans . 
 one woman had shed her top all together and was twisting from side to side in just her bra like a belly dancer . 
 all around the room , people were laughing and clapping and cheering in time with the beat . 
 i 'd never been part of such an unrestrained expression of joy before . 
 `` you look stunning , '' sebastian breathed into my ear . 
 `` do i now ? '' 
 i replied . 
 `` you do . 
 although it might have something to do with the fact that everything you 're doing right now , i 'm imaging you doing it naked . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` is that so ? 
 well then , i probably should n't do this . '' 
 slipping free of his grip , i turned once more and began to glide around him in a slow circle , swaying my hips provocatively and dragging my hands slowly up and down my body . 
 a low , masculine sound escaped his throat . 
 `` god , i can only restrain myself so much , sophia . '' 
 i grinned , but did n't stop . 
 it was thrilling putting on that kind of show for him in the middle of a crowded room . 
 i could see the outline of his excitement pressing urgently against his pants . 
 the truth was , with all the electricity that was coursing through my veins , i was n't sure i wanted him to restrain himself . 
 i 'd had the elaborate foreplay , now i wanted what that promised . 
 he did n't disappoint . 
 at the end of my second orbit , he seized me once more and pulled me in for a kiss . 
 the intensity in that gesture was almost overpowering , and for a few moments , i lost all sense of where we were or what we were doing . 
 all that existed was the two of us , our tongues dancing together like our bodies just had . 
 when he finally backed away , snatched my hand , and began leading me from the dance floor , i did n't say a word . 
 it was a ludicrous thing to be considering with a roomful of people around us , but the longing i felt dwarfed all sense of logic . 
 somehow , he found a little privacy ; a small function room hidden behind a curtain at the back of the room . 
 it did n't provide much protection - there were no locks , nor even a real door - but i do n't think there was an obstacle in the world that would have stopped us at that moment . 
 taking a second to unzip his fly and pull himself free , he looped his hands under my thighs and lifted me up , bracing me against the wall . 
 i wrapped my legs around him , and then with a flick of his wrist , he nudged my panties aside and rammed his shaft inside me . 
 heat instantly tore through me . 
 `` you see how you make me lose control sophia ? '' 
 he rasped , his face contorted in pleasure . 
 `` i 'm addicted to you . 
 it 's not enough . 
 it 's never enough . '' 
 every statement was punctuated by a powerful pivot of his hips . 
 i moaned and buried my face against his shoulder , content to let him take from me as much as he wanted . 
 every nerve in my body already felt like it was vibrating , but with each forceful stroke sebastian strummed my arousal just a little more . 
 my legs tightened around his hips like a vice , pushing him deeper still , spurring him on . 
 `` harder . '' 
 my voice sounded strained . 
 `` ask properly , '' he purred , nibbling my earlobe . 
 `` fuck me harder , sebastian . 
 please . '' 
 for a moment he slowed . 
 then , angling my legs slightly , he slammed back into me . 
 i cried out , nearly biting down on his flesh in the process . 
 his plunges became punishing , almost to the point of pain , but my body swallowed each one as hungrily as a breath of air . 
 i loved that desire , that raw , unrestrained need . 
 every stroke was a reiteration of a promise . 
 `` you are mine , every inch of you . '' 
 my back arched , my hips trying to add their own motion to the equation , but there was no space for me to move , nowhere for me to go . 
 i was pinned helplessly against the wall , being fucked less than twenty feet from a cheering , surging crowd . 
 and it felt amazing . 
 i could still hear that trembling beat pumping in the next room . 
 the bass of it echoed in my chest . 
 it made our lovemaking feel like just an extension of the dance , our rhythm shifting and slowing in time with the music . 
 it was beautiful ; the perfect culmination of the perfect night . 
 nudging my head backwards , sebastian engulfed my mouth with his , the softness of his tongue contrasting deliciously with the firmness of his cock . 
 my hands ran wild across the hard expanse of his back , revelling in the vibration of his muscles as he drove himself into me . 
 i felt a pressure building in my core , signalling that my body could n't hold out much longer . 
 `` i 'm close , '' i said breathlessly . 
 `` then look at me . '' 
 i brought my forehead up to meet his , placing our eyes just inches apart . 
 `` do n't close your eyes . 
 do n't even blink . 
 i want you to watch me as i make you come , sophia , every moment of it . '' 
 and with a powerful rocking motion , he pushed me over the edge . 
 the rawness , the affection , the risk of getting caught , it was an intensely powerful combination . 
 i clawed at his skin , my whole body quivering with the ecstasy of my release . 
 i 'm fairly sure i screamed , but with the noise in the next room , nobody seemed to notice . 
 his turn came soon after . 
 with several final bestial pumps his fingers dug deep into my legs , his body stiffening to iron as he burst inside me . 
 as his pleasure faded , he shook his head slowly . 
 `` you know , one of these days you 're going to get us into trouble , sophia . '' 
 `` me ? '' 
 i asked , trying to look innocent . 
 it was difficult . 
 he still held me pinned in the air , his semi-erect penis still buried inside me . 
 `` i believe you were the one that dragged me in here and ravished me without so much as asking . '' 
 he raised an eyebrow . 
 `` i do seem to remember warning you of the consequences of your actions . 
 and if you 're going to pretend you did n't enjoy yourself , i may be forced to prove you wrong . '' 
 his mouth dipped down to my neck . 
 `` i bet i could make you come again right here against this wall . 
 i bet i could make you scream so loud the entire room out there would hear . '' 
 i closed my eyes for a moment , enjoying the soft teasing of his lips . 
 `` as wonderful as that sounds , i 'm not sure i 'm quite ready for a live audience . '' 
 `` that 's okay , neither am i . 
 now that i 've got you , all of this , '' he nodded towards my body , `` is mine and mine alone . 
 i do n't want to share even the sight of you . '' 
 `` well , if this evening is any indication of the way you take care of your possessions , then i believe that arrangement will work just fine . '' 
 after cleaning up and doing our best to make ourselves presentable , we slipped back out into the crowd . 
 nobody paid us any mind . 
 the room still bore a frenetic energy , and part of me wanted to rejoin the party , but coming that hard had left me feeling a little weak at the knees , so we headed for the door . 
 i expected joe to magically appear the way he always seemed to do , but the street outside was empty . 
 `` i think we 've been abandoned , '' i said . 
 he laughed . 
 `` i would n't put it past joe , but that 's not the case right now . 
 i thought we could take a walk before leaving . '' 
 my arm broke out in goosebumps as a gust of sea breeze swept through the alley . 
 despite the time of year , the night was unseasonably cold . 
 `` i do n't know , i 'm kind of chilly . 
 maybe another night ? '' 
 `` come on , i want to show you something . 
 it 's not far . '' 
 removing his jacket , he slipped it over my shoulders . 
 `` better ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i smiled . 
 `` ever the gentleman . '' 
 it certainly was warmer , although i did n't know how he was n't freezing now . 
 on the plus side , that left him in just a shirt , which showed off the hard curves of his chest considerably better . 
 `` fine , let 's go . '' 
 he wrapped his arm around my shoulder and began to lead me towards the main street . 
 `` but i have to say , '' i continued , `` i 'm a little uncomfortable with all this romance . 
 late night walks along the water might send the wrong message . 
 we have boundaries , remember ? '' 
 he laughed loudly . 
 `` after seeing you shake it like that in there , there 's no more boundaries , sophia . 
 you 've officially ruined me for anyone else . '' 
 he gave my ass a playful slap to illustrate the point . 
 `` oh , so that 's what i have to do to earn a spanking is it ? '' 
 i asked , shaking my hips a little . 
 `` aww , feeling neglected are you ? '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` just curious , really . 
 it 's been a while since you brought out the heavy artillery in the bedroom . 
 it 's enough to make a girl think you 've gone soft . '' 
 he returned my smile . 
 `` i believe i showed you exactly how hard i can be just a few minutes ago . '' 
 that made me laugh . 
 `` that you did . '' 
 `` but seriously , '' he continued , `` not every dominant is the same . 
 i have to be in control in the bedroom , that will never change , but we 're not all leather wearing , paddle wielding machines . 
 do n't get me wrong , i love a little kink when the mood is right , but truth be told , i think i often used that really hardcore persona as a kind of shield . 
 it was always much easier to keep distance between my partners and i when i was playing a role . 
 but with you , i just want to get as close as possible . '' 
 it was still novel hearing him express his feelings for me so openly . 
 it made me tingle all the way down to my toes . 
 `` so no more tie up then ? '' 
 i asked cheekily . 
 he slipped in behind me and pinned my arms to my side , stopping me in my tracks . 
 `` oh i would n't say that . '' 
 i closed my eyes as i felt him brush his lips gently against my ear before nipping softly at my neck . 
 `` there are still plenty of things i want to do to that body of yours . 
 i 'm just waiting for the right moment . '' 
 `` then i guess i 'll just have to be patient , '' i replied , my voice suddenly breathy . 
 `` exactly . '' 
 we walked in silence for a while . 
 i 'd been expecting him to lead me to the beach , but instead he veered off down another side street . 
 my confusion mounted when he turned again , this time off the road all together , onto a narrow dirt path that wove between two houses . 
 canopied and devoid of street lights , i could barely see more than three feet ahead . 
 i paused at the opening . 
 `` you said you liked horror movies , well this is exactly how most of them start . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` trust me . '' 
 we walked for about a hundred feet , the incline growing steeper with every step , until eventually we broke through the other side . 
 `` wow , '' i said for the second time that night . 
 the view in front of me was nothing short of spectacular . 
 the hidden track had opened out onto a wide expanse of headland that looked out over manly cove . 
 we could see everything ; the moonlit shoreline , the forest of yacht masts in the bay , even the electric outline of the city in the distance . 
 `` how did you even find this place ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` luck . '' 
 he looked sheepish . 
 `` or perhaps stupidity . 
 i 'd spent a night at mi casa with some friends and we indulged a little too much . 
 i went for a walk , got turned around finding my way back , and somehow wound up here . '' 
 he gazed out over the churning waves . 
 `` i 'm kind of glad i did though . 
 i love this view . '' 
 `` it 's beautiful , '' i agreed . 
 he led me over to an open space a few feet from the lip of the cliff and we sat down . 
 leaning in , i laid my head on his shoulder and snuggled close . 
 although the breeze was even more intense up here , with my body pressed against his , i no longer felt cold . 
 he nodded towards the docks where several sleek white boats were slowly swallowing and disgorging passengers . 
 `` the thing i like most is the ferries . 
 i 've always loved ships , even since i was a kid . 
 there 's something about the beginning of a journey that fills me with hope . '' 
 i could n't help myself . 
 `` you know they 're just going to the city , right ? 
 half of them are probably going to wind up throwing up in a gutter in a few hours . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` come on , where 's your sense of wonder ? '' 
 his expression shifted from amusement to something more reflective . 
 `` the truth is , i actually got away on a ship . '' 
 i hesitated . 
 i could tell straight away that we were venturing into darker territory . 
 it had been such an amazing night , and part of me did n't want to do anything to ruin that perfect vibe , but he 'd brought me up here for a reason . 
 i 'd said i wanted more openness . 
 i could n't deny him now . 
 `` got away ? '' 
 he licked his lips . 
 `` like i said earlier , i did n't have the easiest time growing up . 
 the place i lived ... well , it was n't exactly fit for kids . 
 or anyone , for that matter . 
 there were no trains , no buses , not even any real roads . 
 but there was the sea . 
 i used to sit on a point a lot like this and stare at the boats that pulled in and out of the docks on the other side of the bay . 
 i always loved the thought that they were going away . 
 i did n't even care where . 
 just , away . 
 eventually , when i was old enough and strong enough , i swam out and stowed away on one and never looked back . '' 
 i spent a few seconds processing this . 
 it was a lot to take in . 
 `` i thought you said you were from spain . '' 
 he gave a sad little smile . 
 `` a lot of people do n't realise how much poverty there is in big european countries . 
 my parents and i lived in a little shanty town about an hour outside barcelona . 
 there 's more of them than you 'd think . 
 france has hundreds . 
 portugal too . 
 entire groups of people who have just slipped through every support network available , until they land in the only place that will take them . '' 
 `` a shanty-town ? '' 
 i asked uncertainly . 
 he nodded , then grimaced . 
 `` our house was made mostly from old plywood doors held together by nails . 
 the roof was a single sheet of corrugated iron . 
 i remember that whenever it rained , it used to make the most awful noise , like a clap of thunder that lasted the entire night . '' 
 `` fuck , '' i said , shaking my head in disbelief . 
 `` i ca n't even imagine living like that . 
 why did n't your parents do anything ? 
 i know if i had a child , i 'd do everything in my power to get them away from a place like that . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i used to hate them for that , but i do n't anymore . 
 they were good people , i know that now . 
 that sort of life just has a way of sapping your willpower . 
 everyone there had been defeated so many times they 'd almost given up . 
 besides , when you fall in with those sort of people , even if you do want to leave , it 's not as easy as just packing up and hitting the road . '' 
 i understood the implication , but the strain in his voice told me not to delve any further . 
 whatever his parents had or had n't done , it did n't change the sort of man sebastian was . 
 `` well , you got out , '' i said , smiling and squeezing his hand . 
 it awed me knowing that he 'd been through so much and still managed to turn into the magnificent , confident man sitting next to me . 
 `` that i did . '' 
 `` and you 've done rather well for yourself since then . 
 how does one go from shanty town urchin to professional jet-setting millionaire anyway ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` that 's a story for another time , i think . 
 can we just enjoy the view for a while ? '' 
 `` okay , sure . '' 
 a few moments passed . 
 `` and sebastian . 
 thanks . '' 
 he answered by pulling me closer and kissing my hair softly . 
 i 'm not sure how long we sat there . 
 we stayed until long after the last ferry had pulled away from the dock . 
 to tell you the truth , i would have been perfectly content to spend the whole night there , cradled in his arms , his fingers gently stroking my cheek . 
 i 'd never felt happier in my entire life . 
 chapter twelve sebastian stayed the night at my place , and the next morning we went out for breakfast . 
 it was a little unprofessional to be late to the office again , especially after ducking out early yesterday , but the truth was that i did n't care . 
 last night had shown me how perfect our relationship could be , and all i wanted to do was keep feeling that same euphoria for as long as possible . 
 `` what 's your schedule like for the next few days ? '' 
 i asked him , as we were finishing up our coffees . 
 he grimaced . 
 `` busy , unfortunately . 
 i suspect i 'll be eating all my meals at my desk for the foreseeable future . 
 you may have to entertain yourself for a few days . '' 
 i felt a pang of disappointment , but i brushed it aside . 
 `` fair enough . 
 we 're getting pretty stuck into the wrights case now anyway , so i wo n't exactly be bored . '' 
 i picked up my coffee spoon and drew it in and out of my mouth slowly , dragging my tongue along the underside . 
 `` of course , i may require entertaining once more before you disappear . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` you know , it just so happens that i have a block of free time that has just opened up right ... now . '' 
 suffice it to say that i was even later to work than i initially planned . 
 in truth , i was n't as upset about sebastian 's busyness as i should have been , because he 'd given me an idea . 
 his surprises were becoming a regular fixture in our relationship , and i wanted to even the score a little . 
 so i decided that if he was too busy to go out , i 'd bring myself to him . 
 when lunch time rolled around the next day , i picked up a couple of sandwiches from a nearby deli and headed for his building . 
 a little subtle questioning over breakfast had told me that while he did have that office stashed behind the bar , that was only used during functions . 
 he actually spent most of his time at the main fraiser capital building , which turned out to be only a ten minute walk from mine . 
 the building was as impressive as i 'd been expecting . 
 a sparkling cylinder of dark glass that shot up into the sky like a raised fist . 
 it was somewhat intimidating being at sebastian 's office . 
 there was nothing overtly strange about it , but the secrecy with which his company approached their work made me feel a little like a soldier venturing behind enemy lines . 
 i marched up to the front desk , trying my best to look like i belonged . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 asked the receptionist , smiling a little too widely . 
 she was a pretty young girl , albeit in an overly made up , magazine cover sort of way . 
 `` yes , i 'm here to see sebastian lock . '' 
 she glanced at the screen in front of her . 
 `` do you have an appointment ? '' 
 `` not really . 
 i was hoping to surprise him . '' 
 i held up the paper bag containing our lunch . 
 `` oh , i 'm sorry , but nobody goes upstairs without an appointment . 
 company policy . '' 
 `` i appreciate that , but it 's not like i 'm a stranger . 
 i 'm his girlfriend . '' 
 it felt a little funny to say that out loud . 
 we 'd never used terms like that before . 
 but still , it was true , was n't it ? 
 the woman behind the counter smiled in that slightly patronising way that people usually reserve for small children . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but i ca n't make exceptions . 
 i can call him if you like , maybe get him to come down ? '' 
 i exhaled sharply . 
 i had hoped to surprise him in his actual office , but if this was my only option i guess i had no choice . 
 `` okay sure . 
 thanks . '' 
 she tapped a few buttons on the phone and sat patiently , but nothing happened . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but he does n't seem to be in . 
 i could take a message for you if you like . '' 
 i closed my eyes and took a deep breath . 
 perhaps it was a stupid plan . 
 he was a busy man . 
 i should have just organised to see him over the phone like a normal person . 
 `` sophia ? '' 
 said a voice behind me . 
 i turned and came face to face with sebastian 's friend thomas . 
 `` it is you . 
 i thought so , '' he said . 
 he managed a small smile , although he did n't look quite as pleased to see me as he had the other night . 
 apparently sebastian was n't the only one under a lot of stress . 
 i nodded . 
 `` hi , thomas . '' 
 `` you here to see sebastian ? '' 
 i felt a glimmer of hope . 
 `` well i was hoping to , but they wo n't let me up . '' 
 he winced . 
 `` yeah , we 're not really meant to have guests upstairs . 
 it 's a bit draconian i know , but it 's the rules . '' 
 `` but if i went up with you , it 'd be okay , right ? '' 
 i said , flashing him a smile . 
 he chewed on his lip . 
 `` technically you have to be a client ... '' `` please ! 
 i was really hoping to surprise him . 
 i only need a few minutes . '' 
 i thought my feminine charms had done the trick , but eventually he shook his head `` sorry . 
 if anyone found out i 'd be in a crazy amount of trouble . 
 hell , sebastian himself would chew me out . 
 but since you came all the way here , i can go and find him for you if you like . 
 he 's in a meeting , but should n't be much longer . '' 
 i deflated a little , although i do n't know why i was surprised . 
 sebastian had described thomas as `` a company man through and through . '' 
 expecting him to break the rules was probably unrealistic . 
 still , his offer was better than nothing . 
 `` okay , sure , that 'd be great . '' 
 he gestured for me to follow . 
 as we walked towards the lift , he glanced down at the bag i held . 
 `` a hand delivered lunch ? 
 sebastian 's a lucky man . '' 
 `` it 's more out of necessity than romance i fear . 
 we 're both so busy we barely get to see one another . 
 i figured fifteen minutes over a sandwich is better than nothing . '' 
 `` for sure . '' 
 he was silent for a few seconds . 
 `` so things must be going pretty well between you two then . '' 
 my strong , independent side hated the goofy smile that bloomed on my face . 
 fuck , sophia , you 're practically swooning . 
 but try as i might , i could n't get rid of it . 
 `` yeah , i think so . '' 
 `` that 's good . 
 that 's good . '' 
 but something in his tone said he did n't necessarily believe that . 
 i did n't know what to make of it . 
 did he still worry about sebastian 's ability to commit ? 
 i had to admit , i still had the occasional doubts , but our night at mi casa had gone a long way to settling those . 
 after a few more seconds , the lift arrived . 
 `` we 'll probably be a few minutes , '' he said , stepping inside . 
 `` feel free to make yourself comfortable . '' 
 he pointed to a long sofa that rested against the far wall . 
 `` no worries . 
 thanks , thomas . '' 
 `` my pleasure . '' 
 i sometimes wonder what would have happened if i 'd just done as he asked . 
 it was one of those seemingly inconsequential decisions that turns out to have massive ramifications . 
 instead of sitting and waiting , i could n't resist the urge to have a little wander . 
 it was becoming clear that i may never get the chance to see sebastian 's actual office , but that did n't mean i could n't check out the building a little . 
 i was still incredibly curious about the sorts of things they did . 
 the bottom story appeared to be mostly admin staff ; young women in blouses and dark pencil skirts bustling back and forward down long corridors . 
 a few of them shot me strange looks , but nobody stopped me , so i figured i was n't in breach of any major rules . 
 i did n't intend to wander very far , just enough to get a glimpse of what went on back there , but the place was a maze , and at some point i managed to get turned around . 
 before i knew it , i found myself standing in a narrow corridor that was devoid of doors or people . 
 it felt like i 'd gradually been moving in a loop , so i headed to the end and turned the corner , expecting to be taken back to the main access point . 
 instead , i found something that caused my mouth to drop open . 
 this hallway was shorter , and it had a door . 
 just one . 
 the access keypad off to one side said that i was n't going any further in that direction . 
 not that i needed to . 
 the door itself told me everything i needed to know . 
 there was no signage , nothing to indicate what lay beyond . 
 that is , except for the small golden letter a that was inscribed on the surface . 
 there was a grinding sensation in my head , the feeling of a host of gears all suddenly clicking into place . 
 i knew now why that symbol had looked so familiar . 
 this was n't the first door i 'd seen it on . 
 i thought back to the night sebastian and i had met , to the hidden offices i 'd inadvertently prowled through . 
 the name tags had thrown me off , but now i remembered ; they were all marked the same way . 
 something heavy and dark began to claw at my stomach . 
 i 'd asked sebastian outright about the tattoo , and he 'd lied . 
 there was clearly a lot more to it than a drunken generic design . 
 all the strange occurrences and eccentricities that he 'd talked his way out of raced through my head . 
 the hidden offices , the secret parties , the strange documents , they were all tied to this . 
 they had to be . 
 each one taken by itself was fairly innocuous , but throw in the dead man on the news , and this one tiny symbol suddenly pulled it all together into something much more sinister . 
 who the fuck were these people ? 
 somehow , i found my way back to the lifts and threw myself down heavily on the sofa . 
 i had no idea what to do . 
 it was n't fair . 
 things between sebastian and i had finally felt like they were making sense . 
 i 'd been happy dammit . 
 but now i could feel that slowly bleeding out of me , replaced by an overwhelming sense of fear . 
 i 'd known there were things about his job he had to keep quiet . 
 i 'd accepted that . 
 but i 'd assumed that meant client names and project details and other random minutia . 
 this was something else entirely . 
 part of me wanted to just ignore it , to shove it under the rug in the back of my mind and let things continue the way they had been , but i knew that was n't possible . 
 i had to know what on earth i was dealing with . 
 a few moments later , the lift doors split open and thomas and sebastian strode out . 
 `` well , is n't this a pleasant surprise , '' sebastian said , grinning at me , although the smile fell rapidly when he caught sight of my face . 
 `` sophia , what 's wrong ? '' 
 thomas seemed to sense my mood had changed . 
 `` i 've got something to take care of , '' he said , shooting me a curious look before heading in the direction of the main foyer . 
 i was thankful for the privacy . 
 i stared at sebastian for a few seconds , uncertain where to even begin . 
 `` why ca n't i come upstairs ? '' 
 i asked eventually . 
 that seemed to catch him off guard . 
 `` sorry . 
 i know it 's a bit strange . 
 it 's just company policy . '' 
 `` so you 're not hiding anything up there ? '' 
 something flickered across his face ever so briefly . 
 `` what would i be hiding ? '' 
 `` that 's what i 'm trying to figure out . '' 
 he looked puzzled by that . 
 slipping onto the seat next to me , he placed one hand gently on my knee . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 what 's this about ? '' 
 i did n't answer directly . 
 `` do you remember what you told me that night outside my house , '' i said instead , `` the night before you went away ? ' 
 i promise i 'll never lie to you . ' '' 
 he nodded slowly . 
 `` i remember . '' 
 `` so why did you ? '' 
 there was a pause . 
 `` i 'm not sure what you mean . '' 
 i sighed . 
 i had n't really expected him to just spill everything of his own accord , but it had been worth a try . 
 `` let me be more direct then . 
 why is there a door back there , '' i nodded towards the centre of the building , `` that has the same mark on it as the one on your chest ? '' 
 his eyes widened . 
 there were a few seconds of stunned silence . 
 `` i think you must be mistaken , '' he said shakily , but even he did n't sound convinced . 
 i felt a small flash of anger , but i smothered it . 
 i 'd already overreacted once with him . 
 i wanted to give him a chance to explain . 
 `` please , at least do me the courtesy of dropping the act now . 
 i 'm not stupid , sebastian . 
 i know what i saw . 
 i saw it that first night we met as well , i just did n't remember until now . '' 
 he had a panicked look in his eyes now , his pupils madly darting left and right . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said eventually . 
 `` i do n't want apologies , sebastian . 
 i want explanations ! '' 
 he ran a hand through his hair and stared down at the floor . 
 `` you do n't know what you 're asking . '' 
 `` i 'm asking for you to be honest with me . 
 that 's all . 
 it 's pretty clear you 're not who you say you are , and between the secret offices , the strange symbols , and the dead foreign dignitaries , this has me confused and to be honest , a little frightened . '' 
 his eyes shot up to meet mine , and any lingering doubts i 'd had about the connection vanished . 
 `` dead foreign dignitaries ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i saw a dead man on the news a few weeks ago . 
 a british politician . 
 he had the same tattoo as you , only on his arm . 
 at the time i thought it was just a coincidence , but your reaction basically confirms that it 's not . '' 
 he gazed at me , his face utterly distraught . 
 it was the look of a man with an impossible choice to make , and it sent a fresh wave of dread rolling through me . 
 after all we 'd shared since that night at my house , i 'd honestly been expecting us to get past this . 
 it had felt like he finally trusted me , and that it was only a matter of time before the rest of his walls came down too . 
 but now i was n't so sure . 
 whatever he was still hiding was apparently bigger than everything else . 
 was it bigger than what he felt for me ? 
 `` this is n't fair , sophia , '' he replied eventually . 
 `` you knew we had secrets . 
 i never hid that . '' 
 this time the surge of anger was bigger . 
 `` it is n't fair ? 
 are you kidding me ? 
 look , i understand some jobs deal with sensitive information , and i totally respect that . 
 i 'm in the same boat myself with case details . 
 but this is something else entirely . 
 do you understand how this looks to me ? 
 you have a bloody tattoo of some secret company logo on your chest ! 
 i ca n't even begin to imagine what that means . '' 
 his fingers clenched and unclenched rapidly , his head shaking back and forward in a steady rhythm , as if he could send everything into rewind through sheer force of will . 
 `` please do n't make me do this , '' he pleaded . 
 `` what choice do i have ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` how am i meant to be with a man who keeps things like this from me ? 
 how can i trust anything you say ? 
 i thought i was starting to get to know the man behind the mask , but now i feel like i 'm looking at a stranger . '' 
 saying it out loud just made the pain worse . 
 i felt heat welling behind my eyes , but i blinked it away . 
 i was not going to cry in the middle of his office . 
 he drew a heavy breath . 
 `` everything you saw was real , sophia . 
 i 'm a lot of things , things that might not be easy to understand , but i 'm also the same man i was a few days ago . 
 the man who danced with you and held you and felt so impossibly lucky to wake up next to you . 
 the man who thinks he 's falling in love with you . '' 
 i recoiled as if struck . 
 of all the things he could have said to shock me , that was at the top of the list . 
 how could i possibly deal with that ? 
 `` love ? '' 
 i said , barely able to wrap my mouth around the word . 
 `` seriously ? 
 that 's how you 're going to wriggle out of this one ? '' 
 i thought i 'd been confused before , but that one little word had set off a bomb inside me . 
 my emotions now lay scattered in a thousand tiny pieces . 
 he looked almost as surprised as me . 
 `` i 'm not wriggling out of anything . 
 look , i 've kept things from you , that 's true , and i 'm sorry beyond words for that , but they were only the things i had no choice but to hide . 
 i have never lied to you about the way i feel . 
 never . '' 
 there was fire in his voice when he said that , an earnestness that was almost impossible to ignore . 
 i shook my head . 
 no matter what i said or did , it felt like it would be the wrong decision . 
 i did n't understand this man . 
 this man that could make me feel so treasured one minute , then so alone the next . 
 `` even if that 's true , it 's not enough , '' i replied slowly . 
 of course it 's enough , a tiny part of me was screaming , but it was drowned out by the chorus of other voices , all yelling with equal fervour . 
 `` i 'm not going to pretend like i have any idea what the hell is going on here , but i ca n't deal with the constant questions anymore , sebastian . 
 i ca n't keep finding new secrets behind the curtains . '' 
 `` i know , '' he said wearily . 
 `` so can you promise an end to all that ? '' 
 there was a long pause , perhaps the longest of my life . 
 it felt like that moment in my house all over again , that agonising wait , the whole relationship teetering on the next words out of his mouth . 
 only this time , i did n't get the response i 'd hoped for . 
 eventually , he closed his eyes . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 every muscle in my body tightened . 
 i let out a long breath . 
 `` then there 's nothing more to talk about . '' 
 i was surprised by how calmly i got to my feet . 
 i expected him to object . 
 he 'd proven his tenacity time and time again . 
 but he did n't . 
 he just stared mournfully at the floor and let me walk away . 
 i caught sight of thomas on my way out . 
 he was sitting in an armchair a little way around the corner , sorting through some papers , although he gave me a sympathetic nod as i walked passed . 
 apparently he had n't gone far after all . 
 so much for privacy . 
 i made it into the back of a cab before i began to cry . 
 the driver shot me several uncomfortable glances , but my mind did n't have space to focus on him right now . 
 there was too much pain . 
 too much confusion . 
 i had no idea how i was meant to have reacted to what just happened . 
 the scope of sebastian 's lies still had n't sunk in . 
 i did n't know what it could possibly all mean . 
 and then there was that word . 
 if he 'd meant what he said , how could he just let me leave ? 
 love was supposed to be a connection that triumphed over everything else . 
 i tried to convince myself that it was just a ploy , a desperate , last ditch attempt to save what we had . 
 but the pain in his eyes had been so real , the conviction in his voice so strong . 
 it did n't make any sense . 
 none of it made any sense . 
 chapter thirteen the next couple of days were rough . 
 i wandered around the office like a zombie . 
 i think that was my body 's way of trying to get through work - just shut down completely . 
 it seemed to do the trick . 
 i would n't have called myself a model employee , but i made it through most of my tasks with at least some level of competency . 
 but at night , i could n't help but turn the situation over and over in my head . 
 the whole thing had left me utterly dumbstruck . 
 our relationship had gone from perfect to catastrophic in the blink of an eye . 
 what on earth went on behind the doors of fraiser capital ? 
 i 'd run the gamut of possibilities through my head a thousand times . 
 was sebastian a secret agent ? 
 a gang member ? 
 part of some kind of bizarre corporate fraternity ? 
 each possibility was as ridiculous as the last , but no plausible option seemed to fit . 
 i wanted to be angry , and a lot of the time i was , but try as i might , i also could n't push the things he 'd said out of my mind . 
 i hated him for making it so difficult . 
 if he 'd just kept his mouth shut , i think it would have been easier to let go , to dismiss what we 'd had as lust taken too far . 
 but that one word changed everything . 
 it forced me to confront my feelings for him head on . 
 my history with love was chequered at best . 
 i 'd thought i loved connor , but obviously that had n't worked out so well . 
 and i 'd been going down the same path again with sebastian - blind adoration for a man who was n't honest with me . 
 on the other hand , connor had never made me feel that divine sense of bliss i experienced when sebastian and i were together . 
 even now , with everything that had happened , i often found myself longing to just lose myself in his arms . 
 that had to mean something , did n't it ? 
 it made me feel like the biggest fool on the planet , but part of me kept hoping he 'd call and explain himself . 
 i did n't know if i could deal with the truth , or if i 'd even believe whatever he had to say , but i hated that he did n't try . 
 it was a coward 's move to invoke that word and then not fight . 
 the weekend passed quietly . 
 i was starting to feel a little better . 
 the initial feeling of panic had ebbed away , replace by a kind of grim acceptance . 
 he was n't going to call , and that was okay . 
 it seemed devastating now , but the world would keep spinning . 
 one day at a time , i told myself . 
 it can only get better from here . 
 i was wrong . 
 on monday morning , i got a call from ernest . 
 `` sophia , could i see you in my office for a moment ? '' 
 ernest was n't much of a face to face manager . 
 he preferred the buffer offered by phones and email . 
 to be called in to see him was either very good or very bad , but the sinking feeling in my belly told me it was probably the latter . 
 `` okay , i 'll be right over , '' i said , a small tremor evident in my voice . 
 as soon as i opened his door and saw alan sitting calmly at the desk , that fake smile spread across his face like lumpy butter , my fears were confirmed . 
 `` sophia , '' he said , `` please , sit down . '' 
 ernest looked almost sheepish , like he felt guilty about leading me into an ambush . 
 i tried to muster a little token anger but , truth be told , it did n't make much difference . 
 if alan himself had called , i would have had to go just the same . 
 i did as i was told , sliding into one of the guest chairs that faced the two of them . 
 i suddenly felt cold , the kind of chill that seems to seep right into your bones . 
 i was fairly sure i knew what was coming . 
 `` i 'm going to get straight to the point , sophia , '' alan said . 
 he 'd do most of the talking . 
 ernest was just here as a courtesy , most likely . 
 `` we need to have a talk about your performance recently . '' 
 i stayed silent . 
 i figured i may as well make the conversation as difficult as possible for them . 
 `` to be frank , it has n't been up to par , '' he continued . 
 `` in what way ? '' 
 i asked . 
 my voice was strangely quiet , almost dangerous . 
 it seemed to catch him off guard . 
 `` well look , you must understand , we respect that work/life balance is important - '' `` i 'm not in the mood for your bloody jargon , alan , '' i interrupted . 
 `` just spit it out . '' 
 he rocked back a little in his chair , reflexively tugging at his suit jacket . 
 at least i had him off balance . 
 `` well , you 've been arriving late , leaving early , taking long lunches , that kind of thing . 
 like i said , our goal is n't to work you to the bone , but this firm expects a certain level of commitment which at the moment you 're not reaching . '' 
 in a way he was right . 
 i had been lax lately , but the injustice of it ran like fire through my veins nonetheless . 
 `` i bet if you went back and looked at the last few years , '' i said , `` you 'd find i 've billed more hours overall than any other associate on this floor . 
 probably more than you yourself . '' 
 he bristled . 
 `` i do n't know about that . 
 in any case , we all appreciate your dedication to the company . 
 but you ca n't just rest on your laurels in this business . 
 and the fact remains that your recent work has not be up to standard . '' 
 i hated how he kept using the word ` we ' , like he and ernest were somehow cohorts in this little game . 
 ernest could n't have looked more uncomfortable if he 'd tried . 
 `` so what is this ? 
 am i being fired ? '' 
 alan gave a little laugh , one that was as fake as his smile . 
 `` now , let 's not be hasty . 
 we know as well as anyone that this job can get overwhelming at times . 
 no , we just feel that your poor attendance , coupled with recent events , mean that - '' `` recent events ? '' 
 i said , my tone somehow growing colder still . 
 he hesitated once more , but i did n't need him to fill in the blanks . 
 i 'd done so the moment i walked through the door . 
 `` you mean with jennifer ? '' 
 i finished . 
 the dip in his expression confirmed it . 
 i 'd underestimated her . 
 that little weasel really did want me gone , and between my recent lapses in attendance and my reaction to her prank , i 'd handed her all the ammunition she needed to make it happen . 
 `` she mentioned that you 'd ignored some of her instructions , yes . '' 
 `` did you actually read what those instructions were ? '' 
 i hissed . 
 something in my voice must have jarred him to his senses , because he sat up straight in his chair , seeming to realise exactly who outranked who . 
 `` that 's not really relevant , '' he said , his voice growing stern . 
 `` i trust jennifer to do the right thing . 
 what this comes down to , sophia , is attitude . 
 it 's about showing you 're a team player . 
 work is distributed the way it is for a reason . 
 when people start going off on their own , things begin to break down . 
 jobs slip through the cracks . 
 everyone has their role to play . 
 if you ca n't understand that , then maybe you do n't belong at bell and little . '' 
 ernest still had n't said a word . 
 `` and what do you think about all this , ernest ? '' 
 i said . 
 i did n't really expect him to leap to my defence , but it was worth a shot . 
 he shifted in his chair . 
 `` i think that this is n't you , sophia . '' 
 he looked almost sad when he said it . 
 alan cleared his throat . 
 `` what i was trying to say before is , we think maybe you should take a little time off . 
 you 've got a significant amount of leave built up . 
 why not use it to get your head right ? 
 there 's no shame in saying you need a little r and r. '' it was phrased as a suggestion , but that was just an illusion . 
 i was being exiled . 
 it might not have sounded like a big deal - a little holiday , then back to the grind - but i knew better . 
 it was really a dismissal in disguise . 
 that 's how alan liked to operate ; ease someone out of the office quietly , and then let the axe fall . 
 much less messy that way . 
 i could see it in ernest 's eyes . 
 he knew i was n't coming back . 
 strangely , i was n't really upset . 
 i figured maybe that would come later . 
 instead , the numbness coating my insides just seemed to thicken . 
 truth be told , i 'd expected it - or something similar - the moment i walked through the door . 
 i stood up . 
 there was no point in arguing . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` okay ? '' 
 alan asked . 
 `` okay , i 'll take some time . '' 
 and without another word i turned and left . 
 i snatched my bag from my office and then made straight for the lift . 
 i desperately wanted to avoid talking to anyone . 
 the wafer thin barricade was holding my emotions in check was ready to burst at any moment . 
 but of course , she could n't resist her chance at a parting shot . 
 leaning against an office doorway near the lifts , was jennifer . 
 she was chatting idly with the person inside , but there was no doubting her true purpose . 
 she caught sight of me from across the room as i approached . 
 there were no words , no taunts or mockery , just the smallest upturn of her lips and a victorious flash in her eyes . 
 she 'd won and she knew it . 
 i fled . 
 i did n't even bother waiting for the lift , i just bolted down the fire escape as fast as i could . 
 everything was unravelling before my eyes . 
 i had to get away from that place . 
 chapter fourteen i 'm not certain exactly how i got home . 
 i think i took a taxi , although i ca n't be sure . 
 all i remember was being overcome by a great wave of tiredness . 
 the moment i walked through the door , i threw myself into bed , pulled the covers over my head , and slept . 
 when i woke it was dark . 
 the power was out . 
 there was no storm that i could hear , just a horrendous wind that was screeching up and down the narrow alleys that surround my house . 
 glancing at my phone , i discovered it was ten o'clock . 
 i also saw that i had several missed calls from elle . 
 no doubt word had gotten around . 
 gossip spread faster than the plague in our office . 
 she was probably worried , but i could n't deal with talking to her yet . 
 i really wished i could just go back to sleep . 
 the enormity of everything that had happened was absolutely staggering . 
 i did n't know how to begin dealing with it all . 
 it made the prospect of simple unconsciousness incredibly appealing . 
 but i could tell i would n't drift back off again . 
 not knowing what else to do , i lit some candles and went to the kitchen to pour a bowl of cereal . 
 i was n't particularly hungry , but i figured i probably needed to eat . 
 it tasted like shredded cardboard , but i barely noticed . 
 halfway through my meal , everything finally caught up with me . 
 one minute i was staring blankly down at my food , the next i was bawling my eyes out . 
 i 'd never felt so utterly lost before . 
 my life had always felt like it had been on rails , with the next stop visible just a little way up the track . 
 school , a law degree , internships , a job ; everything had unfolded as planned . 
 but now suddenly , the track had collapsed underneath me , leaving me wobbling at the edge of a precipice . 
 i had no idea where to go from here . 
 it was soul destroying to watch six years of hard work crumble to dust before my eyes . 
 the prospect of starting again from scratch was impossibly daunting . 
 i lay my arms on the breakfast bar and buried my head between them , sobbing until i felt like my eyes were just empty husks . 
 the worst part was , i had no way to distract myself . 
 i was going to wake up tomorrow with nothing to do . 
 and the day after that . 
 and the day after that . 
 that was a terrifying prospect . 
 i thrived on hard work , on meeting deadlines and tackling problems . 
 that was my drug . 
 without that , i had nothing . 
 just endless time to consider where i 'd gone wrong . 
 the urge to call sebastian was incredibly strong . 
 i did n't even know if he 'd answer , or what i 'd say if he did . 
 nothing had changed between us . 
 but i was desperate to hear that soothing voice , to wrap my arms around him and hold on for dear life before the weight of it all pulled me under . 
 but i restrained myself . 
 i could n't deal with any more heartbreak at the moment . 
 instead i popped a couple of valium i had left over from my last international trip , and curled up on the couch . 
 for now , oblivion would do . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ the letter arrived two days later . 
 for a while i just stared , unsure whether i should even open it . 
 seeing sebastian 's flowing script used to fill me with excitement , but now there was only trepidation . 
 i was n't sure i was ready to deal with whatever he had to say , not on top of everything else . 
 this was n't a reconciliation . 
 you did n't fix our sorts of problems by post . 
 but in the end i knew i could n't ignore it . 
 too much had passed between us for that . 
 with trembling hands , i tore open the seal . 
 sophia . 
 i 'm sorry to do this in writing . 
 i wanted to come to you - i nearly did several times - but i 'm afraid of what will happen if i do . 
 i always thought i was a strong man , but you have this way of making me feel utterly powerless . 
 i 'm worried i 'll break yet again . 
 i 'm so sorry that things have to end this way . 
 it sounds hollow and empty , but i never meant to hurt you . 
 i really thought that maybe i could do this again , that things would be different this time . 
 but now i see how impossible that is . 
 i can never have a normal life . 
 the risks are just too great . 
 you have questions , but the answers i owe you are n't mine to give . 
 it 's not fair , but i need you to know that it 's for the best . 
 there is more at stake here than you can possibly imagine . 
 i know you probably do n't believe me , but i want to tell you again : i never lied about my feelings for you . 
 every word was true . 
 i never thought i 'd care about anyone again the way i care about you . 
 i thought liv had burned that right out of me . 
 but i was wrong . 
 you 're the most amazing woman i 've ever met . 
 i feel more in a day with you than i have in a lifetime with anyone else . 
 you deserve someone to share everything with , but that 's not something i can give you , no matter how badly i want to . 
 perhaps it would have been better for both of us if i 'd just stayed away to begin with . 
 i knew you were dangerous from the moment i laid eyes on you . 
 but i ca n't apologise . 
 i do n't regret a single moment we spent together . 
 i wo n't be in contact again . 
 i ask that you please do the same . 
 like i said , it 's for the best . 
 yours forever . 
 - s the room around me blurred into nothingness . 
 all i could see were his words , blinking up at me like a neon sign . 
 my organs felt like they 'd been twisted into a thousand ragged knots inside me . 
 i no longer doubted that he 'd been telling the truth about his feelings . 
 i felt his passion right through to my bones . 
 but that did n't matter anymore . 
 whatever his secrets were , they were apparently bigger than us , and they left no room in his life for anything more . 
 despite the fact that i 'd been expecting it , the finality of that last line ripped through me . 
 even after his office , with the weight of a thousand lies bearing down on us , some tiny part of me had still held hope that we 'd get through it . 
 there was a chance , however slim . 
 but now that chance was over . 
 we were over . 
 chapter fifteen time passed . 
 i slept and ate and did my best to occupy myself , but it was all done with the kind of blank obligation that leaves next to no real impression . 
 i felt so utterly disconnected , like i was watching a video of something that was happening to someone else . 
 i hated myself for being so weak . 
 i 'd never been one to wallow in self-pity before . 
 problems were n't things to dwell on , they were obstacles to be overcome on the way to better things . 
 but in this situation , i did n't even know where to start . 
 i must have read sebastian 's note a hundred times over the next few days . 
 it consumed me . 
 i had no idea how one single piece of paper could make my heart soar so high yet still shatter into a million pieces . 
 i wanted to hate him for not choosing me , but the way the letter was phrased made me question if he even had a choice at all . 
 that scared me a little . 
 the things he alluded to were every bit as unbelievable as those my imagination had conjured . 
 perhaps he really had been doing me a favour . 
 eventually , after several days of ignoring my phone , i woke up one afternoon to find ruth banging on my door . 
 `` holy shit , '' she said , when i finally answered . 
 `` you look like you 've just returned from a week long bender . '' 
 `` that good , huh ? '' 
 i replied , managing a small smile . 
 i 'd thought i could n't stomach company , but now that she was there in front of me , i realised how much i appreciated seeing a familiar face . 
 she stared at me , her brow furrowed in concern . 
 `` so , word got around then i take it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she nodded . 
 `` elle called me saying you were n't answering your phone . 
 explained what had happened . 
 i came as soon as i could . '' 
 she stepped towards me and pulled me into a hug . 
 `` i 'm sorry , soph . '' 
 i did n't know what to say , so i just hugged her back . 
 `` can i come in ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i nodded and lead her into the lounge . 
 `` now , tell me about it , '' she said . 
 and so i did , being careful to avoid mentioning sebastian . 
 she obviously had no idea about that , and it was still too raw for me to talk about . 
 when i was done , she let out a long breath and shook her head slowly . 
 `` i 'll never understand how the people in that place are so blind . 
 it 's like it 's all just a popularity contest . 
 and if i ever meet that bitch jennifer , she 's going to need more than some weaselly little partner to hide behind . '' 
 i found myself grinning . 
 now that was what best friends were for . 
 making you feel like you were n't totally alone . 
 `` so , there 's no chance this will all just blow over ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i shook my head slowly . 
 `` this is ` firing people 101 ' . 
 get them out of the building quietly , and then finish the job . 
 and even if it was n't , you ca n't work in a place like that when someone so senior has it out for you . 
 not unless you want to eat shit for the rest of your natural life . '' 
 ruth nodded slowly , her mouth pulled tight . 
 `` okay , so then we start out trying to find you something new . 
 it sounds like ernest was n't on board with all this , right ? 
 so he 'll write you an awesome reference . 
 that plus a resume like yours and i bet you can stroll into any of the other big law firms in town . '' 
 she looked thoughtful for a moment . 
 `` maybe your mystery man could help out as well ? 
 if he knows one of the equity partners at little bell , he probably has other connections too . '' 
 i gazed at her , desperately willing my face to stay composed , but i could n't hold it all back . 
 `` oh shit , not him too ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i nodded . 
 she reached out and squeezed my shoulder . 
 `` damn , the universe really knows how to kick a girl when she 's down . 
 i 'm sorry , hon ' . 
 so he turned out to be an asshole after all ? '' 
 i blinked a few times . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i do n't think so . 
 i 'm still not really sure what happened . '' 
 i sniffed sharply , realising that a few hot tears had begun to trace their way down my face . 
 `` could we not talk about him ? 
 it wo n't make any difference . 
 it 's over . 
 maybe in a few months i 'll be ready to laugh and dissect it with you and lou over mojitos or something , but for now i think i just need to deal with it in my own way , okay ? '' 
 she hesitated . 
 `` okay , sure . 
 but just remember ; i 'm here if you change your mind . '' 
 `` i know . 
 thanks . '' 
 she studied me for a few more seconds before clapping her hands . 
 `` you have , however , given me an idea . 
 if there was ever a better excuse for midday mojitos , i have n't heard it . '' 
 i groaned . 
 `` i do n't think going out and getting tanked at three o'clock on a wednesday is the best way to start rebuilding my life . '' 
 `` who said anything about getting tanked ? 
 i 'm just trying to get you out of the house . 
 have you even been outside since it happened ? '' 
 i sighed , then shook my head . 
 `` exactly . 
 so come out for one drink and some food that does n't come out of a plastic packet . 
 you 'll never make any progress if you just hide out in here forever . '' 
 `` i do n't know , ruth , i - '' `` i 'm not taking no for an answer , '' she interrupted . 
 i knew there was no point in arguing . 
 she was as stubborn as me when she wanted to be . 
 `` fine . 
 one drink . '' 
 `` attagirl . '' 
 after taking a few minutes to shower and change into something half respectable , we headed for king street . 
 it felt surprisingly good to be out of the house . 
 we found a little tapas joint and settled in for lunch . 
 the longer we talked , the better i found myself feeling . 
 it was inane conversation , mostly about lou turning into a frumpy housewife , but that 's exactly what the doctor ordered . 
 i even laughed a few times , which i had n't thought i 'd be capable of anymore . 
 it was n't much more than a distraction , but it was a start . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ determined to begin regaining some semblance of control over my life , i made myself get up at nine the next morning . 
 it was a tiny gesture , but at that moment every deliberate action felt like an achievement . 
 some bacon and eggs , a shower , and a lengthy grooming session later , i actually felt vaguely human . 
 i 'd promised ruth i would n't stay cooped up all day , so with nothing else on my schedule for the morning , i decided to take a walk . 
 it was a lovely spring day outside , and i figured the sun might do me some good . 
 i wandered around newtown for an hour or so , nabbing a coffee and a danish in the process . 
 it was nice just being outside among the hustle and bustle . 
 it served as a reminder that despite how awful i felt , the world had n't stopped turning . 
 things changed , and new opportunities were out there . 
 i just had to find them . 
 eventually , i headed home . 
 the sooner i began hunting , the sooner i 'd be able to start rebuilding my life . 
 snagging my mail from the letterbox , i strolled in through the front door , dumped it down on the sideboard , and headed for my laptop . 
 it was n't until i fired it up and sat down that i noticed anything was amiss . 
 there was a breeze blowing into the room from the back door . 
 the back door that now lay in a splintered mess on the kitchen floor . 
 it was one of those slow realisations that happens a fraction too late . 
 an unexpected sight , a dumbfounded stare , and in the blink of an eye it 's over . 
 i sensed movement to my left , but before i could spin , something dark was slipped over my head and i felt a sharp jab on one side of my neck . 
 i tried to yell for help , but whatever drug they 'd injected me with worked fast . 
 all i managed was a strangled squeal that cut off sharply as everything began to fade out . 
