 chapter one `` this time around , things are going to be different . '' 
 - brodie short , pre-game interview , house guests as soon as i stepped into the baggage claim at the airport , i saw a bored-looking man holding a name placard with candice thornton scrawled across it . 
 that was clearly my ride , and he could n't have looked less thrilled about the fact . 
 i swung by the baggage carousel and grabbed my suitcase , and then approached him . 
 `` hi . 
 are you with the network ? '' 
 his attention focused on me . 
 `` you candice ? '' 
 `` i 'm kandis . 
 you spelled my name wrong , but it 's pronounced the same . '' 
 i gave him an apologetic smile . 
 to my surprise , he rolled his eyes at me . 
 `` get over yourself . 
 it 's you , right ? '' 
 `` uh , yeah . '' 
 what a dick . 
 `` then come on . 
 we 're on a tight schedule . '' 
 he tucked the name placard under his arm and texted something with one fast-moving thumb as he headed out of the airport . 
 he did n't even look to see if i was following him . 
 i glanced behind me at the crowded airport , but followed him out . 
 `` can i see some id that you 're with the network ? 
 i do n't want to follow a strange man to his car , you know . '' 
 he sighed and held out a badge for me to read . 
 jtv networks . 
 jimmy nelson , assistant , house guests . 
 `` can we go now ? 
 i need to have you out of the airport in the next five minutes . 
 the other contestants are scheduled to land thirty minutes apart and your plane was late , so if we do n't get out of here , you 're going to be disqualified . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i shouldered my bag hurriedly . 
 `` no , i want to be on the show . 
 let 's go . '' 
 and i sprinted ahead of him . 
 he took my bag as we got into the plain black sedan waiting at the curb . 
 there was a driver-how fancy ! 
 jimmy got into the front seat , which left me in the back by myself . 
 i slid in , shut the door , and we were off . 
 after a moment , jimmy stopped texting and glanced at me in the back seat . 
 `` so . 
 mactor ? '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` you a mactor ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 do n't know what that is . '' 
 `` we get three kinds of people on these shows . 
 superfans , mactors , and broke-ass bitches . 
 superfans are the people that live and breathe the game and quote you trivia non-stop . 
 the fact that you 're not asking me if i 've met jordache from last year tells me that you 're not a superfan . 
 so that either leaves you as a mactor or a broke-ass bitch who needs the money so bad you 're willing to go on tv and make a fool of yourself . '' 
 he glanced over the seat at me and his gaze rested on my br ** sts . 
 i crossed my arms over my chest , irritated at his stare . 
 i 'd told myself that i was going to be ultra-flirty and bubbly to get ahead in this game , but i was clearly starting off on the wrong foot . 
 it was a good thing that jimmy was just an assistant . 
 `` and a mactor is ... '' `` model-slash-actor . 
 we get a lot of those . 
 you know , whoring it out for your fifteen minutes and all . '' 
 `` i 'm a zumba instructor , '' i told him . 
 jimmy looked at the driver and nodded as if he 'd answered his own question . 
 `` mactor . '' 
 definitely a good thing that jimmy was just an assistant . 
 if he was going to be one of the houseguests on the show , i 'd have to kill him for being such a tool . 
 i stared out the window as we drove . 
 the charlotte airport had n't been what i 'd expected . 
 heck , i was surprised we were flying into charlotte in the first place , but that was the ticket that they 'd sent me . 
 i 'd thought the previous editions of the show were filmed in los angeles . 
 `` so how come we 're in north carolina ? '' 
 i asked , unable to help my curiosity . 
 `` it 's a gimmick , '' jimmy said . 
 `` this season 's on location . 
 producers are seeing if a different locale helps the ratings slump . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i did n't know that ratings were in a slump . 
 house guests came on every summer like clockwork . 
 everyone watched it . 
 i wanted to ask jimmy more , but he 'd gone back to paying attention to his phone , and things were a lot more peaceful with his silence . 
 so i stared out the window and watched the trees roll past the highway . 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ `` we 're here , '' jimmy said , jolting me awake . 
 i straightened , brushing a hand across my mouth to check for drool . 
 i 'd been leaning against the window of the car as it drove endlessly down the highway , and i must have fallen asleep . 
 `` thanks , '' i murmured , stifling my yawn and grabbing my bag as jimmy got out of the car and opened my door . 
 `` follow me , candy . '' 
 `` kandis , '' i corrected . 
 `` it 's spelled k a n d i s. '' `` whatever , '' jimmy said . 
 `` just come on . '' 
 i followed him out of the car , and then my steps slowed as i took in my surroundings . 
 we 'd pulled onto a freshly-poured blacktop parking lot in the middle of rolling green acreage . 
 tall trees shaded us from the road , and around the parking lot , a row of port-a-potties stood off to one side . 
 on the other side were rows of white tents that had been erected . 
 people were everywhere , most with headsets and either clipboards or ipads , hustling between one tent and another . 
 in the distance , i could see stadium seating and a soundstage . 
 that must have been where the exiting people would be interviewed . 
 at the top of a green , grassy hill and at the center of all this chaos was a house . 
 it was a ghastly monstrosity , the exterior weathered and gray , as if it were a hundred years old and completely and utterly abandoned . 
 that could n't be the case , though , since we 'd be filming house guests here . 
 it had to be for show . 
 did n't it ? 
 `` is that the house ? '' 
 i asked jimmy , staring at it with horror . 
 `` uh huh , '' he said , bored . 
 `` it 's not a very ... sexy location . '' 
 was n't house guests all about people spending the summer flirting and competing while lounging around the pool in bikinis ? 
 this did n't look like the right place . 
 `` like i said , we have a gimmick this summer . '' 
 what is the gimmick ? 
 i wondered . 
 goth mania ? 
 i stared at the rotted-looking victorian . 
 it was huge . 
 i counted three floors with an octagonal room in one corner of the house that served as a turret of kinds . 
 each of the windows was shuttered tight . 
 there was a large porch on the second floor veranda , but it was covered in cameras and equipment . 
 it clearly was n't for living . 
 in fact , other than the facade of the house , the rest of it was covered in wiring . 
 i knew that the house would be full of cameras . 
 that was part of the show . 
 jimmy headed to a table and picked up a clipboard as i trailed behind him , wary . 
 `` just to give you a quick run-down , you 're entering the house tonight . 
 first , we 've got to check your luggage , make sure you 're not hiding any contraband . '' 
 `` contraband ? '' 
 `` cell phones , food , drug paraphernalia , '' he said in a bored tone . 
 at some point , he 'd gotten some gum and was chewing it loudly . 
 `` contraband . 
 once we 've established that you 're clean , you 're gon na go in for your physical . '' 
 he pointed at one of the tents further down the sprawling lawn . 
 `` once the docs say you 're okay , we send you through the pre-show interviews . 
 then , when you 've gone through everything , we put you in an isolation booth . 
 you 'll come out of isolation when you enter the house . 
 until then , you 're my charge . '' 
 he held out a wide-brimmed straw hat and a bandana that had the house guests logo written across it . 
 `` and you have to wear this bandana unless i tell you it 's safe to take it off . '' 
 `` i wear this so i do n't see the other house guests until we go inside ? '' 
 `` no , '' he said sarcastically . 
 `` so we can play blind man 's bluff . '' 
 i snatched the blindfold out of his hand . 
 `` you 're not very nice . '' 
 `` i see people like you all the time , baby doll . 
 and they do n't pay me to be nice to the mactors . '' 
 what a jerk . 
 `` here 's your disclaimers . 
 i 'm going to need you to complete these . 
 once we 're done with that , we 'll head on to the physical . 
 you got any questions ? '' 
 `` not really , '' i said , taking the clipboard he passed to me . 
 there was a thick packet of paper attached to it , and i wanted to sit down and read all the pages . 
 i knew how house guests worked . 
 i 'd watched every season . 
 twelve people entered the house at the beginning of the summer and competed in challenges . 
 you nominated people for eviction and eventually whittled down the group until there were only two remaining . 
 then , the jury -lrb- comprised of the last five previously voted off cast members -rrb- decided who they wanted to win the million-dollar prize . 
 and i needed that million . 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ `` hi kandis , '' the two-way mirror said to me . 
 `` this is your first interview for the show , so we 'd like for you to introduce yourself . 
 you 're not live , so do n't be nervous . 
 just relax and tell our viewers what you 'd like for them to know about you . '' 
 i stared at my reflection in the mirror . 
 it was going to be disconcerting talking to myself . 
 at least my hair and makeup looked good despite the stress test they 'd put me through . 
 at this point , i was exhausted yet strangely wired . 
 i 'd gone through medical tests , more paperwork than i 'd need for a mortgage , sound checks , a psychological evaluation , and finally hair and makeup . 
 they 'd picked an outfit from the bag that i 'd brought for my ` intro shots . ' 
 the hair and makeup team had put entirely too much makeup on me , teased my long brown hair into fluffy , curling layers , and even plucked my eyebrows . 
 i wore a tight yellow sleeveless bodycon dress that had been provided for me , since the dress i 'd chosen had been declared ` too busy ' for network television . 
 my cast photos had been taken , and now i was here at the pre-interview , trussed up and ready to play . 
 one step closer to being in the house , and one step closer to a million dollars . 
 so i smiled brilliantly at the camera . 
 `` my name is kandis thornton . 
 i 'm twenty-three years old , and i 'm a zumba instructor . 
 a lot of people do n't know what that is , but it 's a fun dancing workout set to music . 
 doing six or seven classes a day keeps me really fit , so i 'm probably just going to tell the others that i 'm a student so they do n't see me coming in the challenges . '' 
 i could n't stop the sly grin that crossed my face . 
 `` i 'm actually planning on lying a lot in this game . 
 i know some people come here because they want to be famous or because they just want everyone in the world to like them . 
 screw that . 
 i want the money . '' 
 i paused , waiting for some sort of reaction , but there was nothing but silence on the other end . 
 that was unnerving . 
 i rubbed my arm , thinking of what else to say . 
 `` i know it feels a little mercenary coming in here and saying i 'm going straight for the money , but it 's true . 
 my mother ... '' i sighed heavily , wondering how much to confess . 
 this was all going on tv , after all . 
 `` my mother has a bit of a gambling problem , and i found out a few weeks ago that she 's taken out a second mortgage on her house . 
 not only that , but she 's behind on both . 
 so if we do n't find some money from somewhere , she 's going to lose her house . 
 and since i 'm her only family , that would mean she would move in with me . '' 
 i gave the camera a tight smile . 
 `` i love my mom , but i am not about to take her on as a roommate . 
 and zumba instructors do n't make much money , so there 's no way i 'd be able to catch her up . '' 
 i did n't mention that i 'd tried to give my mother some money and that she 'd just gambled it away . 
 this time ? 
 i wanted enough money to take the mortgage out of her hands . 
 so even if she tossed away her entire paycheck , she 'd still have a roof over her head . 
 i wanted to run my fingers through my hair , but they got tangled into the spray-teased curls and i winced . 
 i tended to fidget when i was nervous , and i was exceedingly nervous right now . 
 for some reason , being on camera and knowing that my confession was going to be broadcast to millions of people ? 
 did n't bug me . 
 thinking about my mother sitting at the casino and squandering her life savings ? 
 it made my lungs tighten and my stomach hurt with anxiety . 
 `` so that 's why i 'm here . 
 i know this show is about scheming and backstabbing your way to the million-dollar prize , and i plan on doing that with the rest of them . 
 if i have to flirt ? 
 i 'll flirt . 
 if i have to lie ? 
 i 'll lie . 
 i 'll do whatever it takes to claw my way to the top . 
 and i 'm saying it now-if i 'm not very nice in this game , just know that it 's not me . 
 this is just something i 'm doing to bail out my mom and get us ahead . 
 and i apologize in advance . '' 
 `` so what 's your personality like , kandis ? 
 describe it for us . '' 
 i sat up , startled to hear the words come through the mirror . 
 someone was listening after all . 
 `` well , '' i said , thinking . 
 `` i 'm not much of a flirt , so i 'm going to have to work really hard on that aspect . 
 be prepared to see a lot of bad , obvious flirting , '' i said with a wry smile at the camera . 
 `` i tend to get really competitive . 
 like , over-competitive . 
 it 's probably my biggest flaw . 
 i 'd say i 'm easygoing , but that 'd be a lie . 
 i 'd also say i 'm a good person , but i find that most of the time , when someone says that they 're a good person , they 're usually trying to convince themselves . 
 i 'm honest , though ... so , again , i will be doing a lot of bad , obvious lying in this game . 
 be prepared . '' 
 `` what do you do for fun ? '' 
 i grinned at that . 
 `` i love to dance . 
 love it . '' 
 i did a little shimmy in my seat , raising my arms above my head in a mock-dance . 
 i dropped them again and smiled sheepishly at my reflection . 
 `` dancing 's my thing . 
 it 's one reason i became a zumba instructor . 
 dance all day and get a workout ? 
 yes , please . 
 also , i 'm a bit of a pig when it comes to food , so it helps to stay in shape . '' 
 the voice through the mirror was hollow-sounding . 
 `` any fears ? '' 
 `` i hate bugs , '' i said immediately . 
 `` snakes do n't bother me . 
 heights do n't bother me . 
 flying does n't bother me . 
 being on tv does n't bother me . 
 but bugs make me totally lose my shit . '' 
 the voice immediately piped back in , the tone slightly chastising . 
 `` as a reminder , kandis , you will be on camera all summer . 
 please remember that cursing is bad for the network because we have to bleep out your words , and it interrupts the flow of conversations . '' 
 i cringed . 
 `` sorry . 
 i have a big mouth . '' 
 i grimaced . 
 `` another thing i 'm going to have to learn to keep shut in this house . '' 
 there was no laugh on the other end . 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ my hands twisted as i sat in the isolation booth , listening to vivaldi 's `` the seasons . '' 
 the blindfold itched , but i 'd been told not to fuss with it since it would make me look twitchy . 
 apparently the cameras would be flashing to us repeatedly while the show started , and we needed to be as still as possible . 
 so i sat on the hard stool under the hot lights , listened to classical music , and tried my best to stay still . 
 unfortunately , all that quiet time made me think of my mother again . 
 my mother , who spent a fortune she did n't have at the casinos . 
 my mother , who 'd charged up all her credit cards by putting groceries and bills on them so she could use her cash for the casino . 
 who called in sick to work so she could go gamble . 
 who was convinced that her ` big break ' just lay around the corner and that all she had to do was wait for it to happen . 
 my mother , who 'd cried like a baby when she 'd had to come and borrow another hundred dollars from me so she could buy food . 
 i 'd given her the money , suckered by her tears ... and she 'd gone straight to the casino . 
 i did n't know what to do . 
 i 'd staged an intervention with other family members-cousins and aunts and uncles-but they had embarrassed her and she 'd run out the door . 
 i 'd tried gently suggesting rehab . 
 i 'd suggested medication . 
 i 'd read books on how to handle an addict . 
 all the while , my mother kept draining my funds because i was n't heartless enough to leave her homeless . 
 it had gotten to the point that i had to take her grocery shopping simply because i did n't trust her to take the money i gave her and actually buy food . 
 if it was up to her , she 'd buy a cupboard full of ramen and pocket the rest , all so she could stick it in the nearest slot machine . 
 it was stressful for me , too . 
 my finances were getting tighter all the time , and i 'd broken up with my last boyfriend because he had been furious that i was spending more time trying to handle my mother than going out with him . 
 also ? 
 it was really hard to be in the mood when you were sick with worry , and he had n't liked that either . 
 when i 'd seen the advertisement for the house guests casting call , it had seemed like the winning lottery ticket that my mother was always searching for . 
 i 'd sat down with my laptop and made an audition video , vowing to lie , scheme , and cheat my way to the top . 
 i 'd never expected to get a call , not really . 
 and yet , weeks later , here i was , fidgeting and waiting for the okay to step out of isolation and meet the other eleven guests that i 'd be living with this summer . 
 as if the show could read my mind , a voice cut in over the soothing violin sounds in my headphones . 
 `` house guests , please take your blindfolds and headphones off . 
 when your booth chimes , you will be allowed to enter the house . 
 once inside , there will be stools onstage marked with your name . 
 please proceed to your labeled stool and sit . '' 
 i pulled the headphones off , resisting the urge to rock on my heels with anticipation . 
 i was wearing high heels-which i never did , because they messed up your feet and i made a living off of my feet-and rocking backward would have been dangerous . 
 i pulled the headphones the rest of the way off , removed the blindfold , and waited . 
 a moment later , there was a ding in my booth , and i opened the door . 
 the isolation booths had been set up on the porch of the creepy house , so i did n't have far to walk to get inside . 
 show staff was there to point me to the door , ushering me inside , so i knew they were n't filming this part . 
 my guess was that they 'd film my grand entrance . 
 i headed to the big double-doors and an assistant put a hand in front of the door , gesturing for me to wait . 
 after a moment , he cocked his head , listening to his headphones . 
 then , he nodded and moved aside so i could enter . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 this was my chance to save my mom-and my sanity-in one fell swoop . 
 all i had to do was slither my way to the top and get the jury to vote for me . 
 i put a hand on the door and stepped forward . 
 my heel caught on one of the cords stretched across the doorway , and i stumbled into the house , nearly face-planting . 
 i managed to catch myself , staggering and nearly plowing into one of the people waiting on the other side of the door . 
 memorable entrance , yes . 
 graceful , not so much . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 a man moved to my side as i wobbled and tried not to fall . 
 he put a steadying arm around my waist . 
 `` house guests ! 
 no talking until you are given the go-ahead . 
 please move to your seats . '' 
 i looked over at the man , flashing him a grateful smile . 
 he was a few inches taller than me , about my age , and he had a lean face with dark , soulful eyes . 
 not bad , not bad at all . 
 `` you probably better do what they say . '' 
 `` i will ... as soon as i know you can stand without my help . '' 
 he did n't move . 
 `` it 's these shoes , '' i muttered , lifting one foot and leaning on my new friend . 
 sure enough , one of the spiky heels had snapped , and now it hung on by a mere thread . 
 i contemplated pulling off the entire shoe , but it was stylishly covered with buckles and straps and would take a minute to undo . 
 since they were screaming for us to sit down , i did the next best thing . 
 i tugged the heel off , tossed it aside , and then lifted my other foot to snap the other heel off , making myself a pair of oddly angled flats . 
 `` at least now i can walk . '' 
 he chuckled and his arm left my side . 
 `` all right , then . '' 
 i hobbled over to the stools and found the one marked ` kandis ' on the front row and thumped into my seat . 
 there were a few other contestants already seated , perched silently on their stools . 
 the one i 'd met-the cute guy-winked at me from his place in the back row . 
 there were three rows and i counted seats-twelve in all . 
 four in my row , four behind me , and four in the back . 
 no one else was sitting in the front row but me . 
 as other contestants moved through the doors and headed to their chairs , i rubbed at my now-throbbing ankles . 
 stupid shoes . 
 that was what i got for trying to be sexy on national tv . 
 now i just looked like a fool . 
 i began to unbuckle the shoes , propping up one foot and keeping busy to cover my embarrassment while the others entered the house . 
 some people blushed when they got nervous . 
 i got fidgety . 
 i undid the jillions of buckles on both shoes and pulled them off and then held them in my hands politely , waiting for the okay to go find a garbage can . 
 i crossed my legs and swung one of my feet anxiously , glancing behind me . 
 both of the rows in the back were full , but i was the only one on the front row . 
 the three seats next to me were still empty . 
 curious , i glanced at the names on the seats . 
 there were only initials : lb on the far end , ks in the middle , and bs next to me . 
 so there were three more contestants . 
 where were they ? 
 the lights in the house flickered to get our attention , and for the first time , i paid attention to my surroundings . 
 the house was ... interesting . 
 it was very bright inside despite the menacing exterior-no doubt because we were filming in here . 
 light fixtures had been set in the ceilings . 
 the floor underneath our stools was hardwood , and the walls were a dark , patterned purple . 
 picture frames lined the walls in several dark colors , but each frame was filled with a two-way mirror or dark glass that i knew shielded a camera on the other side . 
 each window had been shuttered with old-fashioned coverings since we were supposed to be isolated . 
 there was a large fireplace with a big mantel across the room , a grandfather clock , and lots of old victorian couches with little wooden legs . 
 at the far end of the big living room , if i craned my neck , i could see a long , wooden dining table surrounded by old fashioned chairs . 
 very gothic . 
 our stools were facing a very large tv that covered one wall . 
 as of right now , the tv was blank . 
 that would be where the host addressed us , then . 
 i glanced over at the empty stools once more , curious , and shared a shrug with my friend in the back . 
 he did n't know what was up , either . 
 well , at least it was n't just me . 
 the large tv in front of us flashed the house guests logo , and then cut to a screen . 
 a smiling blonde woman with a huge bouffant of hair beamed at us from the other side . 
 `` hello , contestants ! 
 my name is becky bradley , and i 'll be your house mother for this season of house guests ! 
 welcome to the show ! '' 
 we all clapped politely . 
 someone behind me whistled . 
 becky smiled , clearly unfazed by our enthusiasm . 
 she continued on . 
 `` in just a few minutes , we 're going to lock the doors , and this summer 's session of house guests will begin . 
 your first week in the house will be a free one . 
 after that , however , you will compete in the power play . 
 whoever wins power receives their own private room and will nominate two other players for eviction at the end of the week . 
 one by one , you 'll be voted out until only two of you remain . 
 those last two contestants will go head to head at the end of the summer and compete for the million-dollar prize . 
 are you excited ? '' 
 we all cheered , myself included . 
 it was hard not to get excited at the thought of a million dollars by the end of the summer . 
 `` before we go , though , i have to warn you . 
 every season of house guests is full of twists . '' 
 becky 's smile was coy . 
 `` this season is no different . '' 
 i was n't surprised . 
 anyone that watched house guests knew that the show liked to change things up on people . 
 they had to in order to keep things interesting . 
 `` in fact , we 're starting out with three twists ... '' becky paused dramatically . 
 `` and the first one is about to come through the doors . 
 good luck to you , house guests ! '' 
 the tv fuzzed out , replaced only by the house guests logo . 
 i glanced at the three empty stools next to me . 
 it was obvious what the first twist was going to be : more contestants . 
 sure enough , the double doors burst open a moment later . 
 three people entered , each one holding a yellow envelope labeled with a 1 , 2 , or 3 . 
 my jaw dropped . 
 they 'd said twist , all right . 
 i just had n't expected the twist to be famous people . 
 or rather , these famous people . 
 the first one through the door was a hot , sexy rocker guy with dark hair falling over one eye . 
 his arms and neck were covered in tattoos , and he had piercings all over the place . 
 i recognized him instantly - liam brogan from finding threnody , my favorite band . 
 i knew they 'd just broken up last month , too . 
 oh my god . 
 i fanned myself with excitement . 
 liam brogan was here ? 
 he was hot . 
 he 'd also been on the world races , which had just finished airing a few weeks ago , and had hooked up with a cute little southern blonde named katy . 
 unfortunately for me , the cute little southern blonde was currently clinging to his hand and following him into the house . 
 i guessed they were still together . 
 that was all right , really . 
 liam was hot , but with the blonde , he kind of melted my heart a bit . 
 katy gave us all a nervous smile , stepped a little closer to liam , and waved with her bright yellow # 2 envelope . 
 then she stepped aside , and the third person moved forward . 
 everyone groaned . 
 brodie short was the third person . 
 i recognized him from the world races , too . 
 he was handsome , of course . 
 tall and blond and tanned . 
 good looking . 
 he 'd also sold his sister out on the very first episode and spent the rest of the show either playing tonsil hockey with tesla spooner -lrb- the lead singer for finding threnody -rrb- or screwing over other contestants to claw his way to the top of the heap . 
 in short , they 'd given us celebrity lovebirds with katy and liam and the villain in brodie . 
 everyone loved katy and liam . 
 everyone hated brodie . 
 i did n't want brodie here , either . 
 i was the one planning on lying and scheming my way to the top this summer . 
 i did n't want competition . 
 so i could n't help the frown on my face as the three of them sat in the stools in the front row next to me . 
 blond , handsome brodie sat next to me and flashed me a pearly white grin . 
 i glared at him , stone-faced . 
 liam , now seated , turned to the others . 
 he 'd let go of katy 's hand and held up his envelope . 
 `` we 're supposed to read these to you guys in order . 
 i 've got number one . '' 
 he gave everyone a faint smile as they cheered and clapped , and then he tore the seal on his envelope and began to read . 
 `` to make this summer more fun , we 've brought in a few contestants you might recognize from another reality tv show . 
 brodie , liam , and katy will all be playing alongside you for the million dollars . '' 
 we clapped politely , but in my mind , i was sizing up the competition , and i knew the others were doing the same . 
 i glanced to the back row and my friend was smiling , but a little less broadly . 
 i knew what he was thinking . 
 brodie was a tool , and katy and liam had already won a million . 
 they did n't need another million dollars . 
 `` all right , '' katy said , and her voice was a soft , almost-shy drawl . 
 `` i guess i read mine next . '' 
 she tore open her envelope , scanned it , and began to read . 
 `` house guests , your first task will be a competition to determine where everyone sleeps . 
 this summer , our house guests will be staying in the most haunted plantation in america . '' 
 everyone groaned . 
 i twirled my foot more rapidly , thinking hard . 
 hauntings ? 
 seriously ? 
 i did n't believe in ghosts , but this place was rather creepy . 
 was that the shtick that jimmy had mentioned ? 
 a haunted house ? 
 katy continued to read . 
 `` this plantation is called the magnolias . 
 it was built in 1796 , and since that time , its history has been tragic . 
 every single family that has owned this house has met a terrible death . 
 from fire in 1803 to an outbreak of the measles in 1840 to loss in the civil war . 
 after the civil war , it changed hands once more , and from there on out , grisly rumors of hauntings and vengeful ghosts began . '' 
 katy looked up from her card and gave liam a wide-eyed stare . 
 then she continued reading . 
 `` the person that wins the power play will stay in the power room , which you will find quite luxurious . 
 after that , contestants can either stay in the mirror room or the queen room . 
 both rooms have their own particular charm . 
 contestants that do not fare so well in the competition must stay in the hanging room in the attic . 
 no less than three different people have hung themselves in the attic here in the magnolias over the past century , and rumors are that their ghosts remain still . 
 and since we currently have two extra contestants , those who come in last place this week will sleep on the couches . '' 
 `` i think i 'd rather sleep on the couches than in the attic , '' someone muttered behind me . 
 katy flipped over the card . 
 `` that 's all mine says . '' 
 she wrinkled her nose again . 
 `` i guess we 're living in a haunted house . '' 
 oh great . 
 katy nudged her brother . 
 `` brodie , what does yours say ? '' 
 he grinned and began to tear open his envelope , reading . 
 `` contestants will compete in the power play right now . 
 you will all proceed to the backyard of the plantation once you have finished reading this card , and the first power play competition will begin . 
 the winner of the power play will not only win power for the week and his or her private room , but they will also win the chance to choose their partner . 
 that 's right , everyone 's playing in partners this season . '' 
 he read the dramatic words slowly , a grin spreading across his face . 
 `` the person in power will choose their partner ; everyone else will be forced to pair up randomly . '' 
 brodie looked over at me and winked . 
 `` maybe i 'll get lucky and hook up with you , huh ? '' 
 ugh . 
 i thwacked his arm with one of my now-heel-less shoes , unamused . 
 `` not all of us consider that luck . '' 
 brodie simply wiggled his eyebrows at me , as if convinced i 'd fall for his charm , and tore his card in half . 
 `` that 's all it says . 
 shall we head to the backyard ? '' 
 `` let 's go ! '' 
 a woman called behind me , and then everyone was cheering again . 
 house guests had officially started for the summer . 
 chapter two `` were the other guests pleased to see me ? 
 that 's like asking a hard-partying rock star if she 's pleased to have a hangover . 
 and trust me , i already know the answer to that . '' 
 - brodie short , day 1 the backyard of the magnolias seemed more like something from a war compound than a tv show . 
 there was a lovely yard , of course , with a tree or two along the edges to give the house some sort of ambiance . 
 there was even a small pool and a hot tub off to one side . 
 i guessed that they still wanted us to wear bikinis despite the haunted house theme . 
 the far end of the yard , though , had been cordoned off with a twenty-foot-high , solid wall topped with barbed wire and cameras . 
 jeez . 
 i curled my bare toes as we stepped onto the grass and i realized it was n't real grass but astroturf . 
 the majority of the backyard had been converted into a challenge area and roped off . 
 a stop sign was planted to one side , and it had a card dangling from a peg that had read me first written on the back . 
 as i trailed behind the others , i noticed that brodie had sprinted toward the sign , and i tried not to roll my eyes . 
 overachiever . 
 i studied the roped-off challenge area instead . 
 the grass had been covered with an enormous , reddish mat , and i could see that stations had been set up in a strategic circle . 
 big fake vampire heads sat across from each station , mouths gaping open like muppets waiting to be fed . 
 each station also had a block , and each block was encircled by what looked like a bubbling pool of blood . 
 cute . 
 they were really going all out with this whole ` horror ' theme . 
 brodie cleared his throat obnoxiously and began to read . 
 `` contestants ! 
 get ready for your first challenge . 
 your first task as a house guest will be to feed a very hungry vampire . 
 and what do vampires eat ? 
 blood , of course . 
 everyone will proceed to a station and wait for the buzzer . 
 once the buzzer has gone off , you can retrieve your special ` vampire feeding ' hula hoop from your pool of blood . 
 these hula hoops are specially made so that they fill up with blood when you dunk them . 
 you must dunk your hula hoop , and then hula . 
 when you do , it will spray blood into your waiting vampire 's mouth . 
 each vampire has a small bag at the base of his throat . 
 the first person to fill up their bag with blood wins power for the week and the right to choose their partner . 
 does everyone understand the rules ? '' 
 one girl raised her hand , like we were in class . 
 `` um , is it real blood ? '' 
 her voice was high-pitched and whiny . 
 brodie gave her a devilish look that i recognized as flirtation . 
 `` guess we 'll find out soon enough , wo n't we ? '' 
 i had to hold back the urge to make a gagging noise . 
 we had n't been in the house for five minutes and already the guy had tried to romance me and now this chick . 
 he was so obvious . 
 `` do you think they 're really going to have this much real blood for a tv show ? 
 really ? '' 
 someone else muttered . 
 `` why do n't we just head out to our stations already ? '' 
 liam said . 
 he grabbed katy 's hand and pulled her forward , and they went under the cordoned rope , moving out into the challenge area . 
 i followed them and noticed that everyone else did as well . 
 i picked a station across from katy and liam and stepped onto the platform , wiggling my bare feet . 
 i glanced down at the circle surrounding my small square platform . 
 sure enough , it was full of some thick , viscous red fluid that i suspected was more like dyed corn syrup than blood . 
 somewhere in that circle was a hula hoop . 
 as we waited on the buzzer , i put my hands on the h * ps of my tight dress and assessed the other contestants . 
 six guys , six girls . 
 for the guys , there was brodie and liam , the nice guy i 'd met when i 'd tripped , an older man with gray hair , and two others that were about my age . 
 there was an older woman with wild and crazy gray hair , another woman with a short pixie cut that looked like a soccer mom , a gorgeous hispanic woman , and a tall girl with long , silky red hair that i was pretty sure i recognized from somewhere . 
 another celebrity ? 
 at any rate , i looked like the most athletic of the women , though a few of the men looked like they could be powerhouses . 
 if we had male versus female competitions , i could physically dominate the other women . 
 of course , that was n't going to be my strategy at all . 
 i was going to lay low and coast , hopefully hang out somewhere in the middle for the first while . 
 suss people out , see how things were falling , and then make my move . 
 the buzzer sounded . 
 we flew into action . 
 i stepped off the platform and sunk my hands into the blood , looking for the hula hoop . 
 sure enough , the liquid was thick and sticky , and i could hear a few disgusted squeals down the row as other people figured this out . 
 i grasped the hula hoop and hitched it around my hips . 
 my fingers ran along it and i felt a few widely-spaced holes that were even now dribbling the liquid . 
 once we started ` hula-ing , ' it 'd fling out of the hoop and hopefully into the vampire 's mouth . 
 and since i was a zumba instructor ? 
 i could totally rock this challenge . 
 i could win the power play , get myself a sweet room to sleep in , and decide who to vote out the first week . 
 annnnd that would paint a huge target on my back from day one . 
 not my goal . 
 so i pretended to fumble with my hula hoop , and then i began to hula slowly , swinging the hoop around my hips . 
 sticky ` blood ' spattered and dribbled down my clothing , and i realized there was a trick-if i hooped slow , the blood did n't sling out far enough . 
 if you slung the hoop around fast a few times , it would spray the blood far , which i realized when liam reached one tattooed arm out , slung his hoop around his waist quickly , and then let it drop back to the ground . 
 good , i thought . 
 let him win . 
 i sure did n't want to . 
 minutes ticked past , and i continued to mock-fumble with my hula hoop , pretending i was having more trouble than i actually was . 
 blood was spattered all over my clothing and every ounce of skin , and my hair was now sticking to my head in a nasty mess . 
 i was n't the only one suffering-katy 's stand was closer to liam 's than mine , and she looked like she 'd been dipped in blood . 
 nobody had won yet , either . 
 i bent over , peering at the bag in my now-gore-splattered vampire 's mouth , but it was less than half full . 
 jeez , this was a long competition . 
 someone needed to just win already so we could head to the showers . 
 grimly , i picked up my hoop again and continued to soldier on , ignoring the sticky gunk on my hands and continuing to hoop faster . 
 i stole a peek down the line to see how everyone else was doing . 
 the woman i 'd pegged for a soccer mom was holding a hand on her side and breathing heavy . 
 the woman with the crazy gray hair ? 
 was n't even trying . 
 the guys were trying harder than most of the girls , with liam in the lead and brodie and two others close on his heels . 
 i looked back down at my hoop and got back to it again , so no one noticed that i was watching the rest of the contestants so closely . 
 five minutes later , i heard the buzzer sound . 
 i looked up , wiping red gunk off of my face -lrb- i was pretty sure it was in my nose and ears at this point -rrb- and looked at my vampire 's bag . 
 still only half full . 
 i glanced down the line and noticed liam 's stand had lit up underneath . 
 he dropped his hoop with a whoop and pumped a fist in the air . 
 he 'd won . 
 i clapped politely , letting my hoop fall to the ground as i stepped off my stand . 
 katy flew past , throwing herself into liam 's arms . 
 he grabbed her and swung her around , laughing , and they shared a sticky kiss of excitement . 
 yeah , i could guess who liam 's partner was going to be . 
 `` congratulations , liam , '' becky bradley 's voice piped in over the intercom . 
 `` you have won the first power play of the summer ! '' 
 we all clapped again and then waited for instructions , studying each other warily . 
 `` as the player with power this week , '' becky said , `` you may now choose your partner . '' 
 `` i choose katy , '' he called out and let her back down on the ground . 
 she hugged his side , grinning , her smile bright white in her red-stained face . 
 `` there 's a shock , '' brodie called out , and i laughed despite myself . 
 glad i was n't the only one thinking it . 
 brodie glanced my way and winked , and my goodwill toward him went right out the door again . 
 ugh . 
 he was so cocky . 
 `` now that the first pair has been selected , the rest of you must be partnered up . 
 liam , please proceed to the far end of the challenge area . 
 there , you will find a case . 
 in that case , you will find the key to the power room . 
 that room is yours and katy 's for the week . '' 
 katy clapped her hands as liam detangled himself from her side and headed for the case . 
 he pulled out the key and looped it over his neck . 
 `` also in the case , '' becky intoned , `` are five other keys and five locks . 
 the men will each select a lock , and the women a key . 
 if your lock matches someone 's key , that person will be your partner until you are instructed otherwise . 
 you will room with your partner , receive rewards with your partner , and compete with your partner at your side . 
 if your partner is nominated for eviction , you will be nominated as well . 
 liam , please pick up the box of locks and keys and have everyone select one . '' 
 liam grabbed the case , popped it open , and went to the nearest stand-mine . 
 i grabbed one without really looking at it and watched as liam held the box out to each person . 
 once they were all distributed , becky 's voice sounded through the speakers again . 
 `` make your matches , contestants . 
 oh , and you might notice that each lock has a room name on it . 
 that 's where you 'll be staying tonight with your partner . 
 if your lock has no room name on it , you 'll be sleeping on the couches . 
 have fun , house guests , and i 'll talk with you soon . '' 
 `` bye , becky , '' we chorused automatically . 
 the challenge area went silent for a long moment , and we all stared at each other . 
 `` well , i 've got good news and bad news , '' brodie said , stepping forward and breaking the silence . 
 he held up his lock in one bright red , goop-smeared hand . 
 `` the good news is that if your key matches my lock , you get me as a partner . '' 
 how is that good news ? 
 i wanted to retort , but i bit it back . 
 honestly , brodie was the last person i wanted to pair up with . 
 ugh . 
 `` and the bad news ? '' 
 someone called . 
 `` the bad news is that i did n't get a room , so we 'll be couches , '' brodie said with a grimace . 
 bad news all around if you asked me . 
 that broke the weird tension , though , and people began to move around , greeting each other . 
 i automatically headed for my friend with the great smile . 
 he made a beeline for me , too , and raked a hand through his dark , gooey hair . 
 `` sorry you did n't win , '' he said , holding his lock out to me . 
 `` my name 's jendan . '' 
 `` i 'm kandis , '' i told him with a smile . 
 `` and that 's cool . 
 you ca n't win them all . 
 i 'll just have to win the next one . 
 now cross your fingers and hope this works , '' i told him and tried my key in his lock . 
 it would n't go in . 
 i gave jendan a disappointed look . 
 `` no go . '' 
 `` shoot . 
 i was hoping it was you . '' 
 he sure was cute . 
 i gave him a flirty smile . 
 `` i was hoping it was you , too . 
 does n't mean we ca n't work together anyhow . '' 
 `` i like the way you think , '' he said with a chuckle . 
 `` we 'll talk later . '' 
 i nodded and glanced around for someone else . 
 the elderly man was standing nearby , so i held my key up gamely and approached him . 
 `` do you have a partner yet ? '' 
 `` not yet , '' he told me . 
 `` name 's casper . '' 
 i introduced myself again and tried my key . 
 no go . 
 `` i am just not having much luck today , '' i joked , and i headed for someone else . 
 when the next key did n't work , i began to get nervous . 
 oh no . 
 surely i would n't be brodie 's partner . 
 surely not . 
 surely i was n't that unlucky . 
 anyone that had watched the world races would know that brodie was a total first class jerk , and they 'd be gunning to get him out of the house . 
 heck , i wanted him gone already myself . 
 i turned around and saw brodie standing nearby . 
 he waved his lock at me , that cocky smirk on his face . 
 `` wan na give me a shot , beautiful ? '' 
 ugh . 
 he really was obvious . 
 might as well get it over with , though . 
 i headed his way , a tight smile on my face . 
 `` does that ever work ? '' 
 `` does what ever work ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` that smarmy schtick of yours ? 
 hitting on anything with a pair of tits and hoping you 'll get a response ? '' 
 i held my key up , indicating that he should hand me his lock so i could try it . 
 `` you tell me , '' brodie said , still grinning despite my acerbic words . 
 `` you interested ? '' 
 `` only in booting you , '' i said sweetly , unable to hold my tongue when it came to him . 
 it did n't matter if i made an enemy of brodie ; he would n't be around long enough for me to care if i needed his help or not . 
 to my horror , my key slid into his lock with a perfect little snick . 
 `` looky there , '' brodie said , a drawl evident in his words . 
 `` we 're a match made in heaven . '' 
 his arm went around my shoulders and he hugged me against him , ignoring my stiff body and shocked face . 
 `` guess you ca n't boot me unless you have a deathwish , huh , beautiful ? '' 
 he whispered in my ear . 
 house guests was officially off to a shitty start . 
 not only was douchey brodie from the world races here , but he was my partner and we had no room this week . 
 the only way it could get worse would be if someone came up and slapped me in the face . 
 considering brodie short was my partner , i was n't ruling it out as a possibility . 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ the bathrooms , i was happy to see , had been converted into something slightly more modern . 
 the bathroom tiles were a blood red , and the walls were a deep , ugly purple . 
 the fixtures on the sinks were black , and there were two booths nearby for toilets and two booths for showers . 
 the toilet booths had solid doors to allow for some privacy , but i noticed that both showers had doors that only covered the occupant from mid-calf to shoulder . 
 i guessed they 'd be filming in the bathroom after all . 
 fun . 
 i had n't been the first back to the bathrooms , so i was forced to sit and wait for a shower to open up . 
 i grabbed one of the dark towels and joined the others sitting atop one of the counters , waiting as mickey and casper showered , washing the red gunk off . 
 katy and liam had disappeared as soon as the challenge was over , no doubt to check out liam 's private room . 
 i was guessing he had a nice shower up there . 
 which left me down here with brodie . 
 i curled my sticky legs under me and rolled my eyes , thinking about my partner . 
 i 'd last seen him a few minutes ago , wiping splatters off of sunnie 's face and flirting with her like she was his partner . 
 tool . 
 i hated that i 'd been paired up with him . 
 hated it . 
 but there was nothing i could do except try to make the best of things and lay low . 
 someone hopped up on the counter next to me . 
 i looked over and smiled as jendan sat next to me . 
 `` hey , '' said jendan . 
 `` think they 'll use up all the hot water ? '' 
 i raised one of my sticky hands , eyeing it with distaste . 
 `` i do n't even care at this point . 
 i think my fingers are glued together . '' 
 he laughed and leaned in , his voice dropping . 
 `` so who 's your partner ? '' 
 `` brodie , '' i whispered . 
 `` i 'm screwed . '' 
 his eyes widened , and then he gave me a sympathetic look . 
 `` oh man . 
 you are screwed . '' 
 `` i know , '' i said unhappily . 
 `` he was the last person i 'd have chosen . '' 
 `` you know the rest of the house is going to be gunning for him and katy and liam , '' he whispered back . 
 `` they already won money on another show . '' 
 brodie did n't win , i wanted to point out , but brodie was , well , brodie . 
 no one wanted him around for long . 
 so i nodded . 
 `` do n't worry , '' jendan said , nudging my shoulder . 
 `` i 've got your back . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i nudged him back , and grimaced when my clothing stuck to his . 
 `` man , we are really gross . '' 
 `` we are , '' he agreed . 
 `` but i 'm used to getting dirty in my line of work . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 i smiled politely as the older woman with the crazy hair came and sat down next to us , eavesdropping on our conversation . 
 `` what do you do outside of the house , jendan ? '' 
 `` i 'm a stuntman , '' he said proudly , and he nodded at the newcomer as way of greeting . 
 `` you need someone lit on fire for a scene or someone to jump out of a burning building ? 
 that 's me . '' 
 `` wow . '' 
 i was impressed . 
 `` that 's such a cool job . 
 what are you doing here on a reality tv show ? '' 
 jimmy 's words before the show rang through my head-superfans , mactors , or broke-ass bitches . 
 jendan did n't seem giddy with excitement about being on the show , unlike jayme or mickey . 
 that meant jendan was a broke-ass bitch or a mactor . 
 i studied him . 
 he was good looking . 
 mactor ? 
 `` same thing as you , '' jendan said . 
 `` i want the money . 
 you ca n't be a stuntman forever . '' 
 he turned to the new woman and extended his red-splattered hand . 
 `` i 'm jendan , by the way . '' 
 `` i 'm lenore . '' 
 she took his hand and gave him a smile , revealing a gap between her front teeth broke-ass bitch , i categorized automatically and then felt a twinge of guilt . 
 `` what do you do , lenore ? '' 
 `` i 'm a psychic . '' 
 i laughed , surprised . 
 `` a psychic , huh ? '' 
 she focused her gaze on me , sharp and bird-like . 
 `` do n't believe me ? 
 i can tell your future . 
 give me your hand . '' 
 oh boy . 
 here we go . 
 i obediently extended my dirty hand , giving jendan a wry look . 
 first we were rooming in a haunted house , and now one of the house guests was a psychic . 
 what next ? 
 lenore 's finger traced down the center of my palm . 
 `` you 're very athletic and you love to dance . '' 
 i snatched my hand away , giving a nervous laugh . 
 `` you got that wrong . 
 i 'm a klutz . 
 jendan will tell you all about how i fell on him . '' 
 god , way to sell me out on day one , lady . 
 `` so what do you do for a living , kandis ? '' 
 jendan asked me . 
 `` i 'm a student , '' i lied . 
 `` no , you 're not , '' lenore said . 
 i wondered how bad it would look if i attacked a psychic on the first day ? 
 i just kept smiling tightly and ignored her . 
 `` whatever you say , lenore . '' 
 `` you 're also going to find your true love in this house , '' lenore told me . 
 `` i know these kinds of things . '' 
 `` i 'm not here to fall in love , '' i protested , and that was the truth . 
 i wanted that money . 
 lenore shrugged and wandered away . 
 jendan and i exchanged a look , and i twirled a finger at my ear , indicating questionable sanity . 
 `` so i thought brodie would be the worst one to partner with . 
 now i 'm not so sure . '' 
 jendan chuckled at my words . 
 `` she does seem a few bats shy of a belfry . 
 speaking of , where is your partner ? '' 
 `` somewhere out there flirting with sunnie . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` do n't know , do n't care . 
 as far as i 'm concerned , i 'm playing this game solo . '' 
 `` you do n't have to . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 i perked up . 
 jendan looked as if he was here to play the game to win , just like me . 
 some of the people here seemed as if they were on the show to hang out or hook up . 
 mactors . 
 jendan was here with ambition-it was evident in every line of his face . 
 he was a kindred spirit . 
 `` what are you suggesting ? '' 
 he gave me a subtle smile , glancing around to see if anyone else was looking our way . 
 no one was . 
 `` you have to have someone to trust in this game . 
 you and me-final two deal . 
 secret alliance . 
 we take each other to the end . '' 
 `` i like the way you think . '' 
 `` like i said , i 've got your back , '' jendan said . 
 `` i 've got yours , '' i agreed quietly , and then i leaned in . 
 `` so who 's your partner ? '' 
 `` marla , '' he said . 
 `` short hair . 
 about thirty . '' 
 `` soccer mom ? '' 
 `` that 's her , '' he said , grinning . 
 `` she 's nice . 
 i just worry she wo n't be great in challenges . '' 
 `` you do n't know that , '' i told him , glancing at the showers again . 
 they were still in there . 
 and men said women took a long time showering ? 
 they 'd clearly never met mickey or casper . 
 `` well , look out for marla . 
 she 's spear-heading the ` get out katy , liam , and brodie ' movement . '' 
 `` i 'll look out for her , '' i told him . 
 `` thanks for the heads up . '' 
 i wanted them gone as much as the next person , but since i was saddled with brodie , i needed them around . 
 as long as katy and liam were here , they 'd be a bigger target than brodie because they 'd already won money . 
 and i did n't want to be the first one out the door . 
 `` kandis , please come to the confession booth , '' a voice piped in through the intercom . 
 `` kandis , please come to the confession booth . '' 
 `` ugh . 
 i ca n't even shower first ? '' 
 i made a face and hopped down from the counter . 
 `` save me some hot water , jendan . '' 
 `` no promises , '' he called back after me , and i padded through the house in dirty , bare feet , a towel wrapped around my dirty , sticky body . 
 there was a locked door in the living room with a red light on it . 
 it flicked to green as i watched , and i tested the handle . 
 it opened , and i stepped through , eyeing my surroundings . 
 there was a long , shadowy hall , and at the far end of the hall , there was a door labeled `` private '' . 
 the confessional . 
 i headed toward it and knocked . 
 no answer . 
 i tested the handle , opened the door , and saw a comfy chair seated in front of a half a dozen cameras and a tv screen with the house guests logo , just like in the living room . 
 i unwrapped my towel , laid it on the chair so i would n't get it dirty , and then thumped into the seat . 
 `` kandis , '' the voice piped in . 
 `` this is the confessional booth . 
 it 's completely sound proof , so feel free to share your private thoughts and let us know what you 're thinking . 
 your castmates will not see any confessional information . '' 
 i drummed my fingers , feeling twitchy . 
 `` got it . '' 
 `` so tell us what your initial thoughts are . '' 
 i smiled tightly at the cameras . 
 `` my initial thoughts ? 
 if i have to depend on brodie for a partner ? 
 i am completely and utterly screwed . '' 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ an hour later , my confessional had been taped , i 'd gotten my turn in the shower , and i 'd changed into a pair of dark blue yoga pants and a white sweatshirt with a loose collar that left one shoulder bare . 
 my wet hair was pulled into a loose knot atop my head , and i 'd scrubbed off all the heavy makeup that casting had put on me . 
 i was in the kitchen , grabbing a bottle of water , when hands touched my shoulders and began to rub . 
 i yelped , jerking around in shock . 
 it was mickey with a sexy-or at least , i figured it was his version of sexy-smile on his face . 
 mickey had curly reddish hair , big ears , and a wide , square jaw . 
 he looked unusual and friendly , but i was wary of any guy that grabbed chicks when their back was turned . 
 `` did i scare you ? '' 
 he asked , his voice implying that he was amused more than apologetic . 
 `` you startled me , '' i admitted , rubbing my shoulder to get rid of the creeped-out goosebumps covering my skin . 
 `` sorry , '' he said in a voice that seemed anything but . 
 `` the others told me to come get you . 
 we 're having a house meeting in the living room . '' 
 `` already ? 
 is something wrong ? '' 
 `` liam wants everyone to get to know each other . '' 
 mickey grinned at me and nudged me with his hip . 
 `` i would n't mind getting to know a few of my castmates better . '' 
 ugh . 
 creepster . 
 i kept the smile on my face , though it was difficult . 
 `` shall we go to the living room , then ? '' 
 he offered me the crook of his arm , like he wanted to escort me . 
 well , crap . 
 if i turned it down , he might get offended , and it was still day one . 
 i could n't afford to piss anyone off . 
 not if i was partnered with the living libido , brodie . 
 so i clamped down my distaste and slipped my hand into his arm , wishing i was anywhere but at his side . 
 we headed to the living room , and most of the castmates were already there . 
 three large sofas were set up in the living room , and one had brodie sitting on the far end , by himself . 
 marla , jendan , casper , and jayme were squeezed onto another sofa , while lenore and fido sat on the nomination loveseat . 
 across from the loveseat , liam and katy sat on the fireplace hearth . 
 liam sat with his back against the stone , his legs spread , and katy sat between them , leaning back against liam and hugged tight in his arms . 
 i moved to sit next to brodie , since the spot had clearly been left for me . 
 to my dismay , mickey immediately squeezed in next to me , ignoring the fact that there was an entire half of the couch left for someone else to sit on . 
 he sat so close that his thigh touched mine . 
 sandwiched on a couch on tv between brodie and mickey . 
 i was surely paying for some sort of hellish karma . 
 maybe because i 'd thrown the challenge , the house guests gods were paying me back in kind . 
 i took a deep breath and kept the poker-face smile on my cheeks , determined to make the best of things . 
 `` are we all here ? '' 
 liam asked . 
 `` sunnie 's coming , '' fido said . 
 sure enough , sunnie swanned into the room -lrb- there was really no other way to describe it -rrb- , her hair and makeup perfect . 
 she was wearing a cute pink slip-dress , and as soon as she saw brodie , she squealed and bounded over to him , tossing herself onto his lap . 
 welp , i 'd definitely racked up some shit karma somewhere along the way . 
 this just kept getting worse . 
 mickey put a hand on the back of my neck and began to massage it . 
 i stifled my whimper and shivered away , leaning in toward brodie and sunnie . 
 brodie immediately put an arm around my shoulders . 
 `` hands off my hot team-mate , mickey . 
 get your own girl . '' 
 `` you 're hogging all of them , '' mickey said . 
 sunnie giggled from her perch on brodie 's lap . 
 i shot jendan a ` dear god help me ' look . 
 `` keep it in your pants , brodie , '' katy said , her voice a soft drawl . 
 `` nobody wants to see you hook up all summer . '' 
 `` you sure ? '' 
 brodie joked , but his arm slid off my shoulder , as if making a small concession to his sister . 
 `` katy and i called everyone in here , '' liam began , propping his chin on his girlfriend 's shoulder , `` because we wanted to get a chance to meet everyone . 
 we figured a big group setting to get all the introductions out of the way might be the best . '' 
 `` sounds good , '' someone said . 
 katy stood up , sliding out of liam 's embrace . 
 `` well , i 'll start , then . 
 might as well get it over with . '' 
 she gave us all an awkward smile , and i wondered if she was shy . 
 she was wearing a yellow tank top and a pair of ragged denim shorts , and her wet blonde hair was pulled into two knots at the base of her neck . 
 she looked cute as a button , and incredibly wholesome . 
 `` i 'm katy short , and i own a business in broken arrow , oklahoma . 
 it 's called katy 's short cakes , and i specialize in custom desserts and cupcakes . '' 
 she glanced back at tattooed , pierced liam . 
 `` this here 's liam , and you might recognize the two of us from the world races . 
 we met there and fell in love . '' 
 liam 's pierced lips curved into a smile , and the look he gave katy melted my heart . 
 a few ` awws ' echoed in the room . 
 katy bounced back into her seat and wiggled until liam 's heavily tatted arm went over her shoulder again , hugging her close . 
 liam did n't get up . 
 he just made a hand gesture in greeting . 
 `` name 's liam . 
 i play guitar for finding threnody . 
 or did , until we broke up . 
 currently flying solo , relocating to broken arrow , oklahoma , '' he nudged katy and she grinned , `` and i 'm here to spend time with my girl . '' 
 `` did you spend your prize winnings already ? '' 
 marla asked from jendan 's side . 
 the smile on her face was friendly , but her eyes were sharp . 
 marla could n't forget that they 'd already won . 
 `` i guess y ' all saw that , huh ? '' 
 katy smiled and patted liam 's arm . 
 `` mine was invested in my business , and liam 's using his for relocation , but after taxes , it was n't all that much . 
 we 're mostly just here to play and spend time together . '' 
 `` of course , '' marla said with a grin , but i could practically see the wheels turning in her head . 
 she might like them , but she was n't about to cut them an inch of slack . 
 i could see the looks on the faces of the other house guests . 
 a few looked dazzled by the sight of katy and liam on our show , but more seemed ... less enthused . 
 katy and liam were going to be the first ones out the door if they were n't careful . 
 and i was stuck with brodie , who had all the connections they did and who was far less likable . 
 i bit my lip to keep from screaming about how unfair it was . 
 instead , i thought of my mother . 
 what was she doing right now ? 
 i 'd left a neighbor with a weekly allotment of money to give her for groceries - $ 150 a week . 
 was she buying up shelves full of ramen and off-brand soda so she could take the rest to the casino ? 
 my nails dug into my palms , and i vowed to win this show . 
 i needed that money more than any of them . 
 with a million dollars , i could take care of mom 's mortgage woes and send her off to rehab someplace nice . 
 someplace she would n't fight to go . 
 and then we 'd both be free to go on and live our lives like we were supposed to , instead of constantly fighting and worrying about money . 
 sunnie shifted next to me , and i realized brodie was standing up . 
 i watched as sunnie flounced her way to the far end of the couch and sat next to mickey . 
 brodie took a step forward and clasped his hands . 
 that cheeky smile was on his face . 
 as if he knew he was no good and expected you to love him anyhow . 
 `` well , guys , i 'm brodie , and you might remember me from the world races , too . 
 i did not , however , win the money . '' 
 i looked over at katy and saw her mouth tighten with anger at her brother . 
 he was selling her out . 
 i did n't blame her for being irritated , though i was rather glad that brodie had pointed out that fact . 
 `` i 'm a model , '' brodie continued . 
 maaaaactor , chimed my brain . 
 damn . 
 jimmy had really had us all pegged after all . 
 brodie continued . 
 `` i was supposed to be on endurance island , but they bumped me in favor of a big name celebrity . '' 
 a chorus of ` awwws ' filled the room , and he made a ` settle down ' gesture . 
 `` do n't feel too bad for me , though , because the producers suggested that i could come here instead , and now i get to spend my nights on a nice comfy couch in a haunted house , surrounded by lots of hot ladies ... and my sister . '' 
 katy rolled her eyes . 
 a chorus of chuckles hit the group , and brodie sat back down . 
 his arm went to my waist in a casual gesture . 
 maybe it was because i was his partner . 
 maybe it was because i was one of those `` hot ladies . '' 
 but it was n't real , and i hated fake affection . 
 maybe because i was planning on being fake here all summer . 
 maybe because my mother had hidden her problems behind lots of fake , cheerful smiles until it was too late for me to do anything about it . 
 either way , it bothered me . 
 so i stood up and put my hands on my hips , smiling at everyone . 
 `` well , i 'm kandis . 
 it 's pronounced candice , but spelled k a n d i s. i 'm twenty-three , i 'm a student , and i 'm here to have a fun summer . '' 
 i shrugged my shoulders . 
 `` that 's all , really . 
 i 'm kind of boring . '' 
 `` says you , '' brodie teased with a chuckle . 
 `` no one with that kind of ass can be boring , '' mickey piped in , clearly taking a cue from brodie 's flirty words . 
 the room fell silent . 
 `` well , that was awkward , '' i said and thumped back to my seat . 
 i wanted to snap at mickey for being a perv , but i needed to be diplomatic . 
 day one was not the day to rip someone 's head off . 
 `` keep your hands off my partner 's ass , mickey , '' brodie said , his words good-natured . 
 but this time , when his arm went around my waist , i let it stay there . 
 after that terrible exchange , we went around the room . 
 jendan told the group he was a stuntman . 
 his partner was marla , and she was indeed a mom from the suburbs of philadelphia . 
 she had two kids and a husband that she said she missed terribly . 
 she teared up while telling us about them , and i felt a little twinge of guilt for her . 
 she must have needed the money , too . 
 the psychic , lenore , was from florida , and she told us all that she was going to win house guests because she 'd seen it in a dream . 
 this time , when brodie gave a quiet snort of derision , i did n't find it irritating . 
 i agreed with him . 
 casper , the eldest man in the house , was a fireman . 
 his partner was sunnie . 
 i realized where i 'd recognized sunnie from when she began to talk about her life . 
 she lived in la , and her father was a famous record label mogul . 
 she tossed her red hair and went on and on about how she wanted to have fun this summer and get to know people . 
 mactor , though i supposed the proper term was ` celebutante . ' 
 she was famous for being famous and partying with the right people . 
 fido was next-a short , stocky man with thick muscles . 
 he said his name really was n't fido , but it had stuck when he was a kid because he loved animals . 
 he was a dog trainer outside of the house and had a live-in girlfriend . 
 jayme went last . 
 she was utterly gorgeous , so i had her pegged as another mactor , except for the fact that she said she was a chef at a famous restaurant in chicago . 
 interesting . 
 and creepy mickey ? 
 creepy mickey was a masseuse . 
 `` any time you ladies want a neck rub , or any kind of rub , you just come over to mickey . '' 
 he gave us all a smarmy grin . 
 ugh . 
 he would be the last person i 'd ask to touch me . 
 i made a mental run-down of all the teams as we sat and chatted about the house and the people we 'd left outside , wondering aloud if this place was really haunted or not . 
 i kept quiet , just making mental notes . 
 casper and sunnie would n't be much of a physical challenge . 
 the oldest man in the house with a celebutante ? 
 not a problem . 
 jendan and marla the soccer mom would be a bigger threat , but jendan was on my side . 
 lenore was partnered with mickey , so unless mickey was an incredible athlete , lenore was going to drag that team down . 
 fido and jayme would be strong . 
 and so would katy and liam . 
 it would definitely be an interesting summer . 
 the group ate sandwiches in the living room , everyone just hanging out and talking . 
 as the night grew late , the teams paired off and headed to their rooms . 
 katy and liam were the first ones to go . 
 katy was falling asleep against liam , her eyelids drooping as she drowsed against him until liam declared that they were heading to bed . 
 the others protested-they wanted to see the power room , but liam insisted we could all see it in the morning . 
 he took his girlfriend to bed , and fido and jayme followed not long after , heading to their room . 
 after that , it seemed to be a mass exodus until there was no one left in the living room except me and brodie . 
 i yawned , glancing at the big grandfather clock that never chimed -lrb- my guess was that it messed with the microphones -rrb- . 
 it was one in the morning . 
 `` bedtime for me , '' i said , not looking over at brodie . 
 i hauled my tired body off the couch and padded , barefoot , to the linen closet where i 'd gotten towels from earlier . 
 there were extra blankets and pillows in there , and i grabbed two of each for myself and my partner . 
 i briefly contemplated changing into pajamas , but decided against it if we were sleeping out in the open . 
 it would n't kill me to sleep in yoga pants for a week , and i 'd feel a lot safer , especially with mickey the creepster in the house . 
 i shut the linen closet door and turned , and then stopped . 
 had i just seen a shadow cross the doorway at the far end of the hall ? 
 my skin prickled with awareness . 
 was this house really haunted after all ? 
 this end of the house was not as brightly lit as the living room , and my tired eyes were just playing tricks on me . 
 surely that was it . 
 nevertheless , i sped back to the living room in record time . 
 when i arrived back , brodie was stretched out on the longer of the two couches . 
 he patted the couch , indicating that i should stretch out next to him . 
 `` come on , baby . 
 bedtime . '' 
 `` pig . '' 
 i tossed a pillow at his face , and followed up with one of the blankets . 
 he laughed , undeterred . 
 `` i know you think you have this great poker face going on , kandis , but i can tell that you do n't like me or anyone else in this house other than maybe jendan . '' 
 i turned to my couch and shook out my blanket . 
 `` that 's not true , '' i protested , thought it might have been true . 
 katy and liam seemed nice , though self-contained . 
 marla and casper were okay . 
 i did n't know jayme or fido . 
 `` uh huh , '' brodie said , clearly not buying it . 
 i ignored him and moved across the room to flick off the lights . 
 the room turned pitch black , and i glanced around warily as the house guests logo faded from the big tv on the opposite wall to allow us to sleep in the dark . 
 there was a two-way mirror behind me , and i glanced at it . 
 it seemed creepier in the dark , and i remembered the shadow i 'd seen earlier . 
 jeez . 
 one day and i was already seeing ghosts . 
 i hurried across the dark room and climbed onto my couch to prep for bed . 
 i fluffed my pillow , determined not to think about it . 
 at least brodie was sleeping across from me . 
 if there were ghosts , maybe they 'd eat his face first . 
 i closed my eyes , comforted by that thought . 
 a heavy body thumped down on the sofa next to me . 
 my eyes flew open , and i could barely make out brodie 's bigger form and his spiky blond hair . 
 he 'd crawled into bed-on the narrow couch-next to me and was now pinning me under the blankets . 
 my fists flew to his chest , and i pounded against him . 
 `` get off me , you douche - '' `` shhhh , '' brodie said in a whisper . 
 `` i 'm here because i want to talk strategy . '' 
 i paused my assault , surprised . 
 `` you ... are ? '' 
 he laughed softly . 
 `` kandis , do n't get me wrong . 
 you 're smokin ' hot , but i 'm here to win the money . '' 
 that made me pause . 
 `` so what 's with all the flirting and cooing over sunnie ? 
 or jayme ? '' 
 `` jealous ? '' 
 he teased . 
 `` seriously , though , it 's strategy . 
 both are pretty girls , but i need to win some cash this time around . 
 i played with my dick last time , and look where it got me . '' 
 `` you played with your dick - '' `` figure of speech , '' he corrected in a harsh whisper . 
 `` i was n't really playing with my dick on camera . 
 i meant i played while thinking of my dick , and i came in second place . 
 my sister 's a little bull in a china shop when she gets her feelings hurt . 
 i did n't think about that last time , and it cost me the money . '' 
 `` it was your own fault , '' i chided him . 
 `` i seem to remember you playing a lot of suck-face with a rocker chick . '' 
 `` yeah , '' he sighed . 
 `` she was hot . 
 but she was also terrible at all the crucial challenges and tended to be hung over when i needed her to be at her best . 
 i 'm going to play different this time . '' 
 i pulled back a little , trying to study his face in the darkness . 
 `` do tell . '' 
 `` well , '' brodie said , and he turned on the narrow couch so he could prop his head up with one bent arm and face me . 
 his face was inches from mine , and i shivered to myself at how close he was . 
 darn brodie for being so good looking . 
 darn brodie for being so completely untrustworthy and a horndog . 
 `` this game 's about partnering up and making sure you 're not voted off . 
 last time , as long as i competed hard , i was safe . 
 this time , it 's different . '' 
 he shifted and sidled even closer to me . 
 `` i already talked to sunnie and she 's going to work with us . 
 katy and liam will work with us because katy always works with me . 
 and i 'm pretty sure i can get jayme . 
 we talked about it , but she said she was n't ready to commit on day one . 
 marla said the same thing . 
 i promised each of them final four . 
 we can decide who we want to take when we get closer to the end . '' 
 annoyance flashed through me , and i wanted to smack him , hard . 
 `` are you freaking kidding me ? 
 you 've already made a bunch of deals with people ? '' 
 he looked surprised at my anger . 
 `` well , yeah . 
 we do n't have to keep to them if we do n't want to . '' 
 `` why would you make a bunch of deals on day one ? '' 
 my whisper was so harsh it sounded more like a hiss . 
 `` what the f ** k were you thinking ? '' 
 `` oh come on . '' 
 brodie was starting to look as annoyed as i felt . 
 `` you mean to tell me that you do n't have an alliance with mr. stuntman ? 
 i saw you two getting cozy and making googly eyes at each other . '' 
 `` for starters , we were not making googly eyes at each other . 
 and that is one person . 
 one . 
 you 've talked to everyone in the house with boobs and made sure your ass is safe . '' 
 and where , exactly , did that leave me ? 
 he snorted and sat up . 
 `` i thought you wanted to play this game . '' 
 `` i do . 
 i 'm here to win , too . 
 but your strategy sucks , brodie . 
 you ever heard of laying low ? '' 
 `` there 's no need , '' he said with a grin and got off the couch . 
 his whisper as he moved back to his own bed carried to me in the darkness . 
 `` you only have to lay low if you 're not confident you can come out on top . 
 and i know i can-that we can . '' 
 yeah , i did n't miss that little slip of the tongue . 
 i bit back my angry retort , not wanting to damage things further with brodie , and thumped my pillow , trying to relax and go to sleep . 
 the house was eerily still , and my couch was facing that creepy , dark two-way mirror . 
 i was exhausted , but i was also keyed up and not entirely sure i could sleep . 
 brodie did n't seem to be having any trouble , though . 
 i glanced over at his couch and noticed his handsome face was relaxed , his head propped up on his pillow as if he did n't have a care in the world . 
 near my head , a floorboard creaked . 
 i shot upright , skin prickling . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 `` go to sleep , kandis , '' brodie murmured . 
 `` i heard something . '' 
 there was another creak , more ominous . 
 `` there . 
 did you hear that ? '' 
 `` it 's an old house , '' he said sleepily , not even opening his eyes . 
 `` they make noises . '' 
 `` an old haunted house , '' i corrected , but laid down again after scanning the darkness . 
 no shadows , at least . 
 no unexpected shadows , that is . 
 i wondered how the people in the attic room - the hanging room-were doing . 
 if i was losing my shit in the wide open living room , i could only imagine how creeped out the others were . 
 when i heard a floorboard creak again , i pulled the blankets over my head . 
 chapter three `` my god . 
 kandis is smokin ' hot , but she is the most paranoid chick i 've ever met . 
 she freaks out about everything . 
 i spent half the night last night thinking she was going to climb into bed with me at every creak in the house ... and the other half of the night disappointed she did n't . 
 i 'm only human , after all . '' 
 - brodie short , day 3 `` how is your first week going , kandis ? '' 
 it was day three , and i was back in the confessional . 
 i rubbed my eyes , thinking . 
 `` well , my partner 's determined to score with everything female , he 's made deals with half the house , mickey keeps trying to give me massages i do n't want , and i 'm pretty sure the living room is haunted . 
 other than that , just great . '' 
 there was no reaction on the other end , and i felt suddenly awkward . 
 a moment later , the confessional booth voice spoke again . 
 `` have you made any alliances ? '' 
 i shifted in the confessional chair and then tucked my legs under so i would n't twitch and give myself away . 
 `` well , seeing as brodie 's spoken ` for ' me to everyone ? '' 
 i made finger-quotes to show my annoyance . 
 `` i guess i also have alliances with half the house . 
 but i 've only really discussed strategy with brodie and jendan . 
 brodie because i have to , and jendan because i actually trust him . 
 he 's like a brother to me in here . 
 we have each other 's backs . '' 
 `` any romance there ? '' 
 i considered this carefully . 
 jendan was good looking , charming , and funny . 
 but i did n't feel anything for him . 
 `` not really ? 
 do n't get me wrong , i really like jendan , but i think we came in here with the same objective-to claw ahead-and our friendship is strictly platonic . 
 it 's almost like a job partnership . 
 we 're both here to do business and that 's it . '' 
 `` and is it business with brodie ? '' 
 i snorted and crossed my arms . 
 `` brodie can go jump off a cliff . '' 
 `` please extrapolate . '' 
 i felt my foot jerk underneath my butt , just dying to twitch in irritation . 
 good thing i 'd sat on it . 
 `` so here 's the thing . 
 brodie knows he 's cute and charming . 
 he thinks that 's going to get him through life and that if someone does n't like him ? 
 he can just convince them otherwise with a few sweet words and a well-timed grin . 
 it 's total manipulation . 
 the sad thing is that he 's right , though . 
 it 's been three days and he has all the girls here eating out of the palm of his hand . 
 marla made him breakfast the other day . 
 lenore loves him . 
 sunnie spends all her time out by the pool talking to him . 
 he helps jayme cook . 
 and he 's busy trying to flirt with me on the down-low-not that i 'm buying any of it . 
 i think i 'm the only one immune to his charm . 
 i just worry that his mouth is going to write a check that he ca n't cash , and then we 're really going to be in trouble . '' 
 `` how does this work into your plans ? '' 
 i rubbed my face , weary . 
 i had n't gotten much sleep since we 'd arrived at the house . 
 too many creaky noises and half-seen shadows keeping me up at night . 
 the house was freaking me out , just a tad , and i was having bad dreams . 
 some of it was due to stress , i was sure , but not all of it . 
 `` it does n't work into my plans at all , '' i said , and could hear the irritation in my own voice . 
 `` my plan was to lay low . 
 make a key alliance and stick to it . 
 ride the middle . 
 you know , hold back in challenges until about half the people here were gone . 
 then , when the odds are better , come out swinging . 
 dominate . 
 but brodie thinks the best way to play is guys versus girls , apparently . 
 or all other guys versus him and the girls . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` so much for laying low . '' 
 `` thanks , kandis . 
 you can go now . '' 
 i flashed a quick peace sign at the screen , hauled myself out of the chair , and then padded out of the room . 
 since we were in the house , we 'd been asked to wear either slippers or socks so the sound of shoes would n't mess up the audio . 
 sunnie had a pair of huge fuzzy slippers . 
 a few other people wore flip-flops . 
 i liked bare feet . 
 it was how i worked out . 
 as soon as i re-entered the living room , i saw brodie sitting on my couch , waiting for me . 
 the others were nowhere around , likely outside trying to get some sun at the pool or smoking in the designated area . 
 brodie had a box of cookies and was munching on it thoughtfully . 
 as soon as i emerged , he made a small gesture with his hand , indicating that i should join him on the couch . 
 oh , here we go . 
 another strategy talk . 
 i headed to brodie 's side and snagged the box of cookies from him and then slid onto the couch next to him . 
 i did n't recognize the box of cookies-and the bored houseguests had gone through everything in the pantry yesterday out of boredom . 
 `` where 'd you get these ? '' 
 `` liam and katy , '' he said . 
 `` they got a basket of food up in the power room . '' 
 i snagged a cookie and handed the box back to him . 
 `` and let me guess , since you 're allied with them , they let you have your pick of goodies ? '' 
 `` actually , i did n't ask . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` i just went up there and snagged this . 
 katy wo n't be too mad . '' 
 i wanted to shove my cookie into his face until it crumbled . 
 `` brodie short , '' i snapped . 
 `` we have to freaking live with these people all summer . 
 it is day three . 
 do n't start a fight over cookies . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` like i said , they 're not going to care . 
 katy likes fresh-baked goods more than anything . 
 she hates this packaged crap . '' 
 and he stuffed another whole cookie into his mouth and winked at me . 
 `` you 're free to eat . '' 
 i hesitated , and then took a dainty nibble of my forbidden cookie . 
 `` it 's good , '' i admitted sourly . 
 `` still does n't make it right . '' 
 `` relax , kandis . 
 you 're so uptight . '' 
 `` so what are you doing out here ? '' 
 i took another bite of cookie , ignoring his ` uptight ' comment . 
 `` waiting for you so we could talk . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 what about ? '' 
 marla strolled through the living room in her swimsuit and a towel , returning from the pool . 
 as soon as she saw brodie and me , brodie immediately pulled me into his lap , pretending to tickle me . 
 i squealed , trying to jerk out of his embrace , but he held me tight , his fingers fluttering against my sensitive sides . 
 `` no ! 
 do n't ! '' 
 his laughter echoed in the room , and he pulled me close against him , trapping me against his big body and sprawling me across his lap . 
 his blue eyes were bright on me and he grinned . 
 `` ask me nicely - '' `` screw you - '' he began to tickle me all over again , and i screamed and twisted in his arms , unable to stop laughing . 
 `` mercy ! 
 mercy ! 
 i give up ! '' 
 brodie laughed and stopped tickling me , and i gasped to catch my breath . 
 he leaned in . 
 `` okay , she 's gone now . '' 
 i sucked in a deep breath , surprised . 
 so that had all been strategy ? 
 why was it that i felt all hot and bothered at some simple tickling ? 
 i shifted , acutely aware of my body 's response and not sure how i felt about it . 
 part of me was irritated , and part of me was ... i do n't know . 
 flustered . 
 he seemed to be affected , too . 
 you came into this game to flirt , kandis . 
 flirt , dammit . 
 i forced myself to sit there and ignore the awkwardness of the moment . 
 `` so what did you want to talk about ? '' 
 `` i was talking to katy and liam , '' he whispered . 
 `` they 're afraid of rocking the boat because they know they have targets on their backs . 
 so when the reward challenge for this week comes up , they 're going to nominate whoever comes in last . '' 
 the reward challenges happened on a weekly basis in previous seasons of house guests . 
 we 'd have to do some sort of goofy competition for an equally goofy prize . 
 okay , sometimes the prizes were pretty good , like cash , but a lot of the time they were for food or house privileges . 
 sometimes the losers had to wear stupid costumes for a day . 
 `` so ... their strategy is no strategy ? '' 
 `` pretty much . 
 they want to go with a world races strategy . 
 you know , whoever comes in last gets the boot . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 i blew a breath out , wiggling my bare toes and thinking . 
 the angle i was sitting in was uncomfortable , but i knew that squirming again would just make me more aware of brodie 's body , and i could n't afford to be more distracted . 
 `` i 'm trying to decide if it 's a smart plan or incredibly stupid . '' 
 `` i think it 's stupid , '' brodie said bluntly . 
 `` i tried warning them , but liam did n't want to hear of it . 
 i told him he needed to nominate his biggest enemy in the house . '' 
 `` and who 's the biggest enemy ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` marla . 
 that 's why i did n't want her to see us talking . '' 
 i said nothing , thinking . 
 marla was friends with jendan , and i had jendan 's back . 
 it worked for me if they were n't nominated . 
 `` but if marla and jendan get last , they 'll still go up for nomination , right ? '' 
 `` yeah , but they need to ensure it . 
 they 're not thinking strategy . 
 this is n't the race . '' 
 he sounded frustrated . 
 `` they need to use their brains and not their hearts . '' 
 `` gee , it 's almost like we should n't have allied with them , do n't you think ? '' 
 i said sarcastically . 
 his fingers twitched on my sides again , threatening another tickle . 
 `` come on . 
 you really think anyone would buy me not allying with them ? 
 katy 's my sister . '' 
 `` yes , i saw how well that worked for her on the world races . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` sisters are very forgiving creatures . '' 
 i 'll bet . 
 i shifted off his lap and pushed at his hands , indicating he should free me . 
 he let me go , and i stood up , straightening my clothing . 
 `` well , thanks for the intel . 
 so that 's our team 's goal for this next reward challenge ? 
 just do n't be last ? '' 
 brodie nodded . 
 `` so ... what happens if we are last ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` then i talk liam and katy into putting marla and jendan up for eviction . '' 
 i crossed my arms , thinking . 
 `` i see . '' 
 `` i know you 're buddy-buddy with jendan , but do n't go running off to tell him about this , okay ? 
 it stays between you and me . '' 
 i made a ` cross my heart ' sign over my chest . 
 brodie got up and adjusted his jeans . 
 `` now , i think i 'm going to go take a cold shower . '' 
 i laughed and picked up the box of cookies he 'd discarded and pulled another out . 
 `` have fun . '' 
 `` yeah , cause that 's what you do in a cold shower , '' he said sarcastically and left the room . 
 as soon as he disappeared , i set the cookies down and raced to the backyard . 
 i had to warn jendan about what katy and liam were planning . 
 i did n't care if marla stayed or left , but it suited my plans for jendan to stay . 
 he was n't in the backyard , so i shielded my eyes and pretended i needed sunglasses , then headed back in . 
 a quick search of the house revealed that he was in the workout room , hitting a punching bag . 
 i moved past him and picked up a pair of small dumbbells , waiting to see if anyone had followed me in . 
 when all was clear , i approached jendan . 
 he stopped punching and looked over at me , curious . 
 i leaned in . 
 `` remember how we said we 'd have each other 's backs in this game ? '' 
 he put both hands on the bag to stop it from moving and shot a glance at the door to make sure we were n't seen . 
 `` i remember . '' 
 i did an arm curl with the weights . 
 they were way too light , but as long as it looked like i was doing something , maybe it would n't be so obvious . 
 `` so i found out that they 're not going for a strategic nomination . 
 basically , they 're going to play world races style . 
 whoever comes in last in the reward challenge is who they 'll nominate . '' 
 jendan blinked at me and then frowned . 
 `` huh . 
 really ? '' 
 `` really , '' i said . 
 `` unless brodie and i come in last , or they come in last . 
 then they 're going to target you and marla . '' 
 his eyes widened . 
 `` me and marla ? 
 why ? '' 
 i did another rep. `` because she 's running around telling everyone that she needs to get them out , and they heard about it . '' 
 he swore under his breath and then swiped a bandage-wrapped hand at his jaw , wiping away a bead of sweat . 
 `` who told ? '' 
 `` well , seeing as how brodie told me , i 'm guessing he got intel from one of the girls . 
 either lenore , jayme , or sunnie . '' 
 jendan sighed heavily and thought for a moment . 
 `` so i have to make sure we do n't end up in last place and also make sure that one of those three world racers does n't end up in last because they 'll pick us by default ? '' 
 `` ding ding ding , '' i said . 
 `` think you can manage it ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' jendan admitted . 
 `` if it 's athletic , we should be okay . 
 if it 's puzzles , i do n't know how we 'll do . '' 
 `` well , if you get nominated , i scramble to get the others to vote off marla . 
 i think you 'll be safe either way , '' i assured him . 
 `` i 'll just have to put a bug in the ears of the right people that she was the one gunning for them , not you . '' 
 `` and brodie wo n't suspect that ? '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` does it matter ? 
 i trust you more than him . '' 
 `` it 's a shame we could n't have partnered , eh ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` we 'd have made a good team . '' 
 `` and our partners could have destroyed each other 's games , '' he said ruefully . 
 `` instead of dragging us down . '' 
 i chewed on my lip , thinking . 
 brodie seemed to be playing a pretty obvious game , but he 'd executed a few moves that were surprisingly smart . 
 maybe i was underestimating him . 
 `` do n't you worry about brodie , '' i told jendan . 
 `` i can handle him . '' 
 jendan laughed . 
 `` you going to toss your hair and have him groveling at your feet ? '' 
 my legs twitched , and i gave a little nervous hop . 
 `` do n't be silly . '' 
 to my horror , a titter came out of my mouth , and i hastily crossed the room to put the dumbbells back in place . 
 no way on earth i 'd admit to jendan that his words made me think of brodie and his erection ... and me squirming in his lap . 
 nor would i mention that i had n't been completely disgusted by it . 
 quite the opposite , actually . 
 and i was a little disappointed in myself for that . 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ sunnie , marla and i were sitting in the kitchen eating peanut butter and jelly sandwiches . 
 `` so you guys have heard this weird stuff too ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` brodie looked at me like i was crazy when i said i kept hearing boards creak . '' 
 sunnie nodded , her eyes wide . 
 `` casper and i were sleeping in the attic last night , and i kept hearing footsteps in our room , except neither one of us was moving . 
 he swore it was someone downstairs , but it sounded like it was coming from the foot of the bed . '' 
 i shivered . 
 `` really ? 
 that 's so creepy . 
 i do n't like this place . '' 
 `` i was doing the dishes when i thought i heard someone behind me , '' marla said . 
 `` turned around and thought i saw a shadow , but no one was there . '' 
 my eyes widened . 
 i 'd had the same thing happen in the hallway . 
 `` it 's funny you should say that , because - '' a chime sounded . 
 `` house guests , '' a bland voice intoned over the loudspeakers . 
 `` please proceed to the backyard and to the roped off area for the reward challenge . '' 
 sunnie clapped her hands like a little girl . 
 `` ooo , exciting ! '' 
 `` i hope it 's for a good reward , '' i agreed . 
 `` money would be nice . '' 
 money would always be nice . 
 marla 's eyes lit up . 
 `` i hope it 's for money , too . '' 
 we headed out to the backyard , and the others were gathering there as well . 
 five booths had been set up with a pair of stools behind each one . 
 katy and liam stood off to one side , and katy held an instructions card . 
 she held it up and began to read . 
 `` house guests ! 
 it 's time for your first reward challenge of the season ! 
 since katy and liam have power this week , they will not be competing . 
 instead , the other five teams will face off in a lightning-fast round of horror movie trivia ! 
 who 's ready ? '' 
 we clapped and cheered , though i was n't feeling too excited . 
 horror movie trivia ? 
 i was n't good with horror movies . 
 romantic comedies , yes . 
 horror movies ? 
 no . 
 `` each team will have a station labeled with their names . 
 please proceed to your spots ! '' 
 she made a flourishing gesture toward the tables with her arm . 
 we headed forward , and i slid into my chair . 
 brodie slid in next to me and immediately leaned in . 
 `` i sure hope you 're good with trivia , because this is n't my strong suit . '' 
 `` yeah , well , me either . '' 
 `` then we might be in trouble , '' he said with a grin . 
 oh hell . 
 jendan was going to be screwed if he was waiting for me to save them . 
 i glanced down the row to jendan and gave him a worried look . 
 he gave me a thumbs up , though . 
 oh good . 
 maybe the stuntman knew a lot about horror movies . 
 `` today , we will be playing for , '' katy said , and looked to liam . 
 he did a drum-roll on the podium he and katy stood behind . 
 `` ghost hunting equipment ! '' 
 a chorus of groans met the announcement . 
 brodie leaned in again . 
 `` uh , just between you and me , i 'd be fine if we did n't win this one . '' 
 `` i think i can handle that , '' i whispered back . 
 lose on purpose ? 
 no problem . 
 i just needed to make sure we did n't lose too badly . 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ by the end of the challenge , it was clear to me that my team was not going to be strong in mental challenges . 
 if it had been music trivia , i 'd probably have killed it . 
 but movies ? 
 unless it involved a dance routine or a flash mob , i did n't know anything about it . 
 ditto brodie . 
 when all scores were tallied , jendan and marla were in first place . 
 jendan was apparently a huge horror movie buff , because he 'd gotten every question right . 
 and the way that he and marla were cheering with excitement , you 'd think they 'd won something better than a basket full of sage , garlic , and holy water . 
 brodie shot me a suspicious look when they continued to cheer and hug each other with excitement , but i feigned interest in my nails . 
 we 'd come in second to last place , beating the last place team by one measly point . 
 lenore and mickey were in last , and i 'd breathed a big sigh of relief . 
 they were an obvious choice to put up on the block . 
 this week 's vote would n't have any surprises . 
 ignoring brodie 's glare , i headed over to congratulate jendan and marla , hugging them both . 
 `` congrats , you guys . 
 good job . '' 
 marla patted jendan 's muscular shoulder with motherly affection . 
 `` it 's all thanks to this big guy . 
 he totally killed it . '' 
 `` he did , '' i agreed , peering into the basket of junk . 
 `` what is all this crap ? '' 
 jendan held up a bundle of leaves . 
 `` this is sage for smudging a room to drive the evil spirits out . '' 
 he put it down and picked up a little electronic hand-held device . 
 `` this is an emf meter that 's supposed to show activity from any sorts of spirits . 
 there 's also a digital recorder so you can get evps and some night-vision goggles . '' 
 my eyes widened . 
 `` this is serious ghost-hunter stuff , then ? 
 is the house really haunted ? '' 
 i experienced a flutter of panic at the thought . 
 jendan shrugged . 
 `` it makes good tv either way , does n't it ? '' 
 i thought of the noises in the living room when i was trying to sleep . 
 `` can i borrow some of this stuff sometime ? '' 
 `` you bet . 
 i owe you one , '' jendan said with a grin at me , and marla nodded . 
 `` take your pick . '' 
 i hesitated and then reached into the basket and pulled out the little tape recorder . 
 this would be useful in a lot of ways . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` can i talk to you for a second ? '' 
 brodie was at my side , his hand tugging at my arm . 
 i gave jendan and marla a smile and walked away with brodie , pocketing the mini-recorder before anyone else noticed i had it . 
 `` sure . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 brodie kept a smile on his face as he walked me to the far end of the yard . 
 when we were under the magnolia tree-the only real greenery in our little compound-he leaned in . 
 `` did you tell jendan and marla about what katy and liam were planning ? '' 
 busted . 
 i crossed my arms over my chest and went for the non-answer . 
 `` what makes you think that ? '' 
 `` because they were cheering like they 'd just gotten the power play , not like they 'd won a basket of dippy ghost-hunting shit . 
 it looked suspicious . '' 
 anger flashed in his eyes , quickly masked again . 
 `` you did , did n't you ? 
 you went and blabbed about this to your boyfriend . '' 
 `` first of all , he 's not my boyfriend , '' i whispered at brodie , getting furious myself . 
 `` second of all , do you really think this is the best time to have this conversation ? 
 in front of everyone ? 
 they 're all staring at us , and they 're going to know something 's up . '' 
 i forced a flirty smile to my face and put a hand on his chest , just to make it seem like we were having a personal moment . 
 `` you 're still not answering the question , '' brodie said , and his hands went to my waist , pulling me against him . 
 i wanted to shove him away in irritation , but i forced myself to put my arms around his neck . 
 `` you 're a suspicious dick . '' 
 `` i 'm suspicious because i know i 'm right . 
 just answer yes or no , kandis , so i know how to play my game . '' 
 and to my surprise , he leaned in and brushed his mouth ever so lightly against my own . 
 then , he whispered , `` because if you screw me over , i 'm going to ruin your game , too . '' 
 that light , meaningless kiss held me frozen . 
 i 'd been expecting the flirty embrace to mask our words , but brodie took things one step further , always . 
 it was like he had no boundaries . 
 nothing he did meant anything to him . 
 so why did it send a weird little thrill through my body ? 
 because he 's good looking , i chided myself . 
 no more , no less . 
 `` i warned him , '' i admitted , my breath fluttering against brodie 's skin . 
 our mouths were still super close together , and it sent electric little jolts through my body . 
 `` jendan 's playing with me , though . 
 he 's safe . 
 all i told him was that he needed to not come in last . 
 that was all . '' 
 `` okay . 
 thanks for telling me , '' brodie said . 
 and then he slapped my ass and walked away . 
 outrage blasted through me , and i held stock-still for a long moment . 
 he 'd done that on purpose , just because he knew i could n't get mad . 
 if i did , the others would think we were doing something other than canoodling under the tree , and they 'd get suspicious . 
 my mouth twisted into a reluctant smile of admiration . 
 brodie wanted to play , did he ? 
 game on . 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ `` tonight , '' liam said as he stood in front of the eleven people seated on the couches in the living room . 
 he held a cue card in front of him , provided by the house guests staff , and read from it . 
 `` the nomination ceremony will be different . 
 for the rest of the season , you will be nominated on the same night you will be evicted . 
 however , in honor of this first week in the house , tonight a team will be nominated and then voted off a few days from now . '' 
 liam tossed aside the card , and glanced at his partner . 
 `` we ready to do this ? '' 
 she blew him a kiss . 
 they were so adorable i wanted to puke . 
 if they got to the end ? 
 no one else stood a chance . 
 `` right . '' 
 liam rubbed his hair and gave us that quiet smile that told me he was acutely uncomfortable being in the spotlight . 
 `` i have to pick a team to nominate for eviction . 
 katy and i thought long and hard about this . '' 
 he glanced down at his blonde partner , who gave him a small little smile as if sharing a secret . 
 he winked at her , and then he turned back to us . 
 `` in the end , we decided to just go with what we thought was fair for everyone , and picked the team that came in last in the reward challenge . '' 
 at my side on the couch , jendan 's leg nudged mine , as if to say good call . 
 on my other side , brodie nudged me , too . 
 i was starting to feel like i was a punching bag caught between the two men . 
 liam clasped his hands and exhaled . 
 `` so , tonight , i 'm placing the team of mickey and lenore up on the block . 
 i hope you guys realize it 's nothing personal , just that someone had to go up . '' 
 `` no problem , '' mickey said , a pleasant look on his broad face . 
 he moved to the two chairs designated at the front of the room for the nominated players . 
 lenore looked less pleased . 
 she cast an angry look at liam . 
 `` that just cost you the game , young man . '' 
 liam 's eyebrows went up in surprise , but it was katy who lost her temper . 
 she stood up , all five foot nothing of her , and put her hands on her hips , facing down the elder woman . 
 `` you just got our votes , then . 
 i 'm glad we put you up . 
 i hope you 're the first one to go home . 
 i - '' `` katy , '' liam murmured , putting an arm around the blonde 's shoulders and steering her away from lenore . 
 `` let it go , baby . '' 
 `` that was just rude , '' katy muttered , but she slid in close to liam again , sending another scowl lenore 's way . 
 liam patted katy 's shoulder and pulled out a blue house guests card , reading from it . 
 `` the final vote will be two nights from now , when the live tv show is filmed again . 
 until then , the two nominated contestants will be allowed to campaign to try and sway votes to their side . '' 
 `` yeah , good luck , lenore , '' katy cut in . 
 liam shushed his girlfriend again , but there was a smile on his face . 
 the rest of us quietly laughed at small katy 's fierce rage on her tough-looking boyfriend 's behalf . 
 `` once the vote is finished and the contestant has left the house , you will prepare for the next power competition and another game twist . 
 be ready . '' 
 he flipped over the card and then shrugged . 
 `` that 's all it says . '' 
 `` another twist , huh ? '' 
 brodie rubbed his chin thoughtfully . 
 `` wonder what kind . '' 
 `` nothing good , i 'm sure , '' casper pointed out . 
 several others nodded . 
 `` well , enough about that , '' mickey said , getting to his feet . 
 he clapped his hands and gave us all a beaming smile . 
 `` who wants a massage , courtesy of their favorite masseuse who needs a vote ? '' 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ the night before our first live show , i was wide awake long after midnight . 
 not because i 'd heard something in the creepy old house . 
 i had n't since that first night . 
 not because i was nervous about the live show . 
 i was n't . 
 instead , i listened closely to brodie 's breathing on the couch across from mine . 
 when i was sure his breathing was even and he 'd gone to sleep , i peeled back my blankets and slipped off the couch , tiptoeing out to the backyard . 
 i returned to the living room a few minutes later to find brodie laying on my couch , giving me an expectant look as i tiptoed back in . 
 busted . 
 damn it . 
 he 'd been faking going off to sleep . 
 `` whatcha got there , hotness ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 `` none of your business , '' i whispered back . 
 `` how 'd you know i was up ? '' 
 `` you 're totally obvious , '' he said . 
 `` when you 're agitated , you twitch a lot and ca n't sit still . 
 and you were twitching like mad tonight , so i knew you were up to something . '' 
 i sighed and flopped down on one end of the couch , sitting across brodie 's sprawled legs . 
 if he was n't going to get up , i 'd just sit on top of him . 
 `` that 's right . 
 you caught me . 
 i 'm up to no good . '' 
 `` as long as it 's something i can edge in on , i do n't care if it 's good or bad . '' 
 there were times when i appreciated having a partner with questionable morals , i decided . 
 i showed him the object i 'd hidden in my hand-the recorder . 
 he looked vaguely disgusted . 
 `` more ghost hunting ? '' 
 `` you wish , '' i said . 
 i 'd used the recorder for ghost hunting the first night i 'd gotten it , but when eight hours of recordings had turned up nothing but snoring , i decided to use it for something slightly more nefarious . 
 `` i hid this in one of the flower pots in the smoking area . '' 
 several of the people in the house were smokers-marla , lenore , sunnie , fido , and casper . 
 jendan was super into fitness , so he was probably the most ridiculously healthy in the house . 
 i doubted he even drank . 
 i had n't seen katy or liam head down to the smoking area , so i guessed they did n't smoke . 
 brodie did n't , either . 
 of course , that meant that the smokers often went out to have a cigarette and chit chat , and that meant that the non-smokers were rarely in on the conversations . 
 it was something i 'd noticed early on , and i 'd considered taking up smoking just to muscle in on the private conversations ... but i could n't stand the taste or the smell . 
 having a recorder was the next best thing , though . 
 maybe even better . 
 brodie sat up as i showed him the recorder , a gleam of appreciation in his eyes . 
 `` you are a genius . 
 i could kiss you . '' 
 `` you already did , '' i replied pertly , but i could n't help but smile at his words . 
 `` yeah , but this time you could act like you enjoyed it , '' he teased . 
 i glanced over at him from under my lashes , curious . 
 had he thought i had n't enjoyed the impromptu kiss ? 
 it had taken me by surprise , but ... it was n't a bad kiss . 
 `` i did n't enjoy it because your kisses do n't mean anything , brodie . 
 you pass them out like candy . '' 
 he chuckled , unhurt by my tart accusation . 
 `` so do i get to listen in on the tape ? '' 
 `` as long as you promise not to burn me and tell the others i 've been recording them . '' 
 even jendan did n't know i was borrowing his recorder for sneaky purposes . 
 i thought it might seem too shady , so i 'd kept the secret to myself . 
 plus , i was a little curious about what jendan was saying about me , too . 
 brodie made a ` cross my heart ' motion on his chest . 
 `` you 're my partner . 
 you can trust me to save your ass as long as it 's attached to mine . '' 
 fair enough . 
 i slid a little closer to him on the couch and we bent over the recorder , listening . 
 the first few minutes were nothing but silence , so i started to skip ahead every few minutes , listening for voices . 
 when i heard someone , i 'd rewind and then we 'd listen in on the conversation . 
 we listened to that darn recorder for hours , our heads bent together . 
 and we found out a wealth of information , only some of it surprising . 
 mickey was hitting on every woman in the house and failing miserably . 
 that was n't surprising . 
 lenore was furious that she 'd been put up for the vote , and she was busy campaigning to get out katy and liam . 
 that also was n't surprising , though the viciousness of some of her words was startling-and kind of lame . 
 i lost track of how many times she referred to liam as a `` tattooed hooligan . '' 
 casper and sunnie and fido seemed to be in an alliance together , which worried me . 
 they did n't trust brodie , did n't trust me by default , and had pulled marla in . 
 marla assured them that she had jendan 's vote and that he 'd align with them . 
 they wanted liam and katy gone asap . 
 not only because they 'd won last time , but katy and liam were n't exactly playing the best game . 
 they tended to hang out in their room together and just talk quietly between themselves . 
 brodie had mentioned to me that his sister was a bit of an introvert , and it seemed that liam was too . 
 that was n't necessarily a bad thing , but when it came to a game like house guests ? 
 it was pretty much a one-way ticket home . 
 i mentally counted as we listened to sunnie and casper make plans with marla . 
 sunnie , casper , and marla . 
 they said they had jendan . 
 fido was with them . 
 that was five together . 
 right now , it sounded like they were planning on all voting for lenore and then pulling mickey to their side . 
 he 'd follow , because he was no doubt upset that katy and liam had nominated him for eviction . 
 that would give them six , and if there were eleven left in the house , we 'd be outnumbered . 
 damn . 
 week one and i was already on the losing side . 
 the recorder ran out and clicked off , and i gave brodie a concerned look . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 he rubbed his spiky blond hair . 
 `` i think we 'd better not lose the next power challenge , or we 're screwed . '' 
 i twirled a foot , fidgeting anxiously . 
 `` this sucks . 
 if they 're going after katy and liam , you know we 're next . '' 
 `` i know , '' he said grimly . 
 `` we have to pull some of them over to our side . '' 
 `` i thought i had jendan , but the way marla was talking , i 'm not so sure . 
 i 'd say we could work on lenore , but she hates katy and liam . '' 
 he thought for a moment . 
 `` i can probably work on sunnie . 
 can you work on both jendan and mickey ? 
 mickey likes you . '' 
 i knew he liked me . 
 he 'd been trying to give me creepy massages all week . 
 ugh . 
 `` do i have to ? '' 
 `` only if you want to stay , '' brodie said . 
 damn . 
 `` and we have the twist coming up . 
 that could be anything . '' 
 `` it might break us into individuals again . 
 if so , you 'll probably be safe . '' 
 i was n't so sure . 
 it sounded like everyone had made deals without me . 
 my feet drummed anxiously , and i tapped my fingers on my knees , thinking hard . 
 `` there has to be something we can do . '' 
 `` we can win the power play . '' 
 brodie shrugged his shoulders . 
 `` if not , we have to play it by ear . 
 just know that if i get nominated , i 'm selling you down a river . '' 
 `` like i expected any less ? '' 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ i fidgeted nervously on the couch . 
 i had one leg crossed , and the foot in the air was bouncing like mad while we waited through a commercial break . 
 nearby , seated in the two nomination chairs , lenore seemed to be meditating , and i was pretty sure mickey had just picked his nose on tv . 
 brodie reached over and put a hand on my knee , a silent indication that my fidgeting was noticeable and a dead giveaway of my nervousness . 
 `` sorry , '' i breathed to the group . 
 `` tv makes me nervous . '' 
 such a lie . 
 i was n't worried about being on tv as much as i was about how the vote-and the subsequent competition and twist-would go . 
 but i smoothed a hand down the simple green dress i was wearing , trying to calm myself . 
 poker face . 
 i needed a poker face . 
 the house guests logo disappeared , and becky bradley 's face appeared on the screen , all smiles and big hair . 
 `` house guests , i have the results . 
 in a vote of eleven to one , lenore , you have been evicted . 
 please grab your bags and exit the house through the front door . '' 
 we clapped politely , but i felt the pit of my stomach drop a little . 
 ten votes for lenore . 
 i 'd voted for her since i knew the rest of the house would be voting that way . 
 it seemed everyone had been on the same page . 
 so that meant that either they 'd all been talking , or everyone had found the psychic as annoying as me . 
 it was hard to tell , and that made me paranoid . 
 one by one , we hugged lenore . 
 i noticed that she ignored brodie , katy , and liam , though she hugged me . 
 that did n't bode well , especially since she 'd grouped brodie in with the other two racers . 
 that meant they considered him one of ` them . ' 
 i was probably on the fence , but i could easily be lumped in with them , too . 
 and that would destroy my game . 
 we waved goodbye to lenore as she exited , and then everyone ran for the bathroom to change clothing . 
 we 'd been prepped by the voice over the intercom a half hour before the show started . 
 once the vote-out had finished , we had a ten-minute window while the evictee was interviewed and commercials ran . 
 we had that time to change out of our tv clothing and switch into challenge gear . 
 i switched into a sports-bra , tank top , yoga pants , and sneakers just in time for the bell to chime once more . 
 `` house guests , please proceed to the challenge area for this week 's power play . '' 
 we filed out into the backyard , and i was shocked at how the challenge area had been transformed . 
 the entire roped off area had been raised up , and it looked as if it had been filled in with dirt so the ground was at least two feet higher than it normally was . 
 the raised ground had been set up to look like a graveyard , complete with tombstones , and each tombstone had two names written on it . 
 it weirded me out to see one labeled `` brodie and kandis . '' 
 above each open grave , there was a pulley and what looked like an enormous bag . 
 liam walked forward and took the card dangling from the first pulley and began to read . 
 `` since i can not compete , i will be in charge of this competition . 
 this challenge is called ` up from the grave . ' 
 each team will lay down in an open grave . 
 when the buzzer sounds , i will yank on a pulley and your coffin will be buried . 
 you must then dig yourself out and hit the buzzer above your grave . 
 the first team to hit their buzzer will win power for this week . 
 as the winners of last week 's power play , katy and liam may not participate . '' 
 i sucked in a breath . 
 `` we 're going to be buried alive ? '' 
 `` it 's cool , '' brodie reassured me . 
 `` we 're on national tv . 
 it 's nothing bad . '' 
 i crossed my arms under my br ** sts . 
 it was either that or start twitching madly . 
 buried ... alive ? 
 i did n't like this . 
 not one bit . 
 `` contestants , '' becky 's voice piped in over the intercom . 
 `` you have thirty seconds to get in your graves and close your coffin lids . 
 go . '' 
 coffin lids ? 
 before i could protest , brodie grabbed my arm and dragged me forward , leading me toward the grave marked for our team . 
 numb , i followed him and stepped down . 
 sure enough , it was a big coffin , complete with red satin lining . 
 `` god , this is creepy , '' i said . 
 `` just lay down , '' brodie instructed me . 
 `` i 'll handle the rest . '' 
 i did , and brodie immediately laid down , practically on top of me , nearly squashing me . 
 i yelped , but the sound was smothered by his chest in my face . 
 the coffin lid slammed shut , and we were enveloped in darkness . 
 `` oh my god , '' i breathed , panic flicking over me . 
 `` oh my god , oh my god . 
 we 're buried alive . '' 
 `` shhh , kandis , it 's just a game , '' brodie said , his mouth close to my ear in the darkness . 
 his voice was low and soothing , and his hand stroked my hair to calm me . 
 `` this is n't a real coffin . 
 the lid 's made of some sort of chocolate bark . 
 they have speakers hooked up to this and an air tube . 
 we ca n't suffocate . 
 it 's just a game . '' 
 my shallow breathing slowed , just a little . 
 `` it 's really dark , '' i said in a choked voice . 
 `` i do n't like the dark . '' 
 `` just think of it as playing seven minutes in heaven , '' he said , shifting . 
 his weight was pressing on me , his knee pressed between my legs . 
 the coffin was barely big enough for both of us , which made this extremely cozy-or awkward , depending on your choice . 
 a nervous laugh bubbled out of my throat . 
 `` seven minutes in heaven ? 
 with you ? '' 
 `` i 'm a good choice , '' he said , and sounded a little stung by my amusement . 
 `` why 's that so funny ? '' 
 `` you only kiss a girl to get ahead in this game , '' i told him breathlessly . 
 `` all contestants are now buried , '' becky bradley 's voice said from a small speaker somewhere near my ear . 
 `` start digging your way out at the sound of the buzzer . '' 
 `` you 're wrong , '' brodie said . 
 my thoughts were nervous , mad flickers . 
 where was that buzzer ? 
 what if we did n't hear it ? 
 why was brodie still talking to me ? 
 `` wrong about what ? '' 
 `` i 'd kiss you without gameplay being involved , '' brodie said , and i could have sworn his tongue flicked against my ear . 
 before i could question his confession , a loud buzzer sounded , and i yelped , startled . 
 `` come on , '' brodie said , and i felt him jerk against me . 
 `` help me break the coffin lid . '' 
 i lifted a trembling arm and ran my fingers along the lid . 
 it was cool and smooth ... and slightly ... oily ? 
 was it really chocolate ? 
 i had n't paid attention when they 'd lowered us , being too nervous about the whole ` being buried alive ' thing . 
 i scratched at the lid , and shavings came off under my nails . 
 brodie 's breathing was hard and fast in my ear , distracting me from my own fear . 
 he surged again , and i heard him grunt . 
 `` this stuff 's thick , '' he told me . 
 `` come on . 
 at the count of three . '' 
 i nodded into the dark , then realized he could n't see that . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` one ... two ... three ! '' 
 he surged again , and i kicked upward at the same time . 
 the lid moved , but fell back down heavily again , and i whimpered as some sort of dirt came in from the sides , spattering me . 
 they 'd really buried us ? 
 that freaked me out all over again , and my breathing became shallow , my lungs burning . 
 `` i want out , '' i said in a small voice . 
 `` i need out . '' 
 i kicked at the coffin lid again . 
 `` i know , '' brodie said . 
 `` i 'm trying . 
 come on . 
 at the count of three again . '' 
 `` no , '' i said . 
 `` right now . 
 i ca n't breathe ! '' 
 `` you can , '' brodie reassured me . 
 `` it 's just a stupid tv show challenge . 
 do n't wig out on me , kandis . 
 we need to win this week , because we need that safety net . 
 you hear me ? 
 i want that money . '' 
 `` money , '' i breathed . 
 i needed that money . 
 i needed to save mom . 
 i could n't afford to panic . 
 `` count of three , '' i rasped , my fists clenching . 
 `` good girl , '' brodie gritted . 
 `` again . 
 one ... two ... three ! '' 
 this time , there was a loud crack and pieces of the coffin fell in on us as it broke . 
 i sputtered all over again , and my mouth filled with dirt . 
 i spat it , shocked , and then began to laugh as chunks fell on my face . 
 they 'd buried us in cookies . 
 the ` dirt ' was cookie dust . 
 a chocolate coffin and cookie dust . 
 i 'd freaked out over nothing . 
 i felt brodie surge again , and my legs kicked at the bottom half of the coffin . 
 i clawed at the mountain of cookies pushing on me , and a moment later , someone grabbed my hand and hauled me upright . 
 it was brodie , his face and hair covered in cookie crumbs . 
 he looked like a mess , and he was frowning over my shoulder . 
 i turned around and saw sunnie and casper cheering , hugging each other as a light flashed at the head of their grave . 
 damn it . 
 second place . 
 `` sunnie and casper , you have won this week 's power play , '' becky called out over the chaos of breaking chocolate coffins and the sound of cookies rolling everywhere . 
 as i watched , jendan and marla clawed their way out of their grave nearby , and hands were emerging from the other two graves . 
 i rubbed at my face , which only caused more cookie crumbs to fall into my eyes . 
 i blinked hard , and then brodie 's fingers were brushing at my skin , swiping away the dust . 
 `` we 're f ** ked now , '' he said . 
 `` unless i can work on sunnie . 
 just be ready . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` contestants , please return to the living room , '' a voice said over the intercom . 
 not becky bradley 's . 
 `` we 'll return from commercial in three minutes , so clean yourselves up as best you can . '' 
 `` um , should n't we help the others out of their coffins ? '' 
 sunnie said , looking over where fido and jayme were still struggling to get out , and i did n't even see mickey 's hands anymore . 
 `` probably a good idea , '' brodie laughed , and he offered me a hand . 
 we climbed out of our grave and then headed to mickey 's side to help him out , while marla and jendan moved to help fido and jayme . 
 we helped mickey up , and when he held on to my hand a little longer than i liked , i smiled sweetly instead of shaking him off . 
 i could deal with a little bit of handsiness ... for a time . 
 katy handed all of us towels , and we mopped cookie off of our faces as we trudged back into the living room . 
 one by one , we settled onto the couches . 
 mickey sat next to me , and on instructions from the intercom , sunnie and casper sat in the nomination seats , since they had power this week . 
 they 'd been awarded the power play necklace , and casper now wore it around his neck . 
 the tv monitor cut back on again , and becky 's smiling , bland face looked back down at us . 
 `` house guests , i warned you that there would be a twist this week , and now it 's time . 
 are you ready ? '' 
 i looked at brodie nervously and scanned the faces of the others . 
 they looked equally unnerved . 
 becky began to speak again . 
 `` this week , to get an idea of where the house is heading , we 're going to have ... an impromptu vote off . 
 no one is on the block . 
 you will vote as teams , and you 'll cast your vote for the team you want gone . 
 if your team is voted off , both of you will be removed from the game . 
 does everyone understand ? '' 
 oh shit . 
 a team vote off ? 
 with no particular person nominated ? 
 if they all voted for brodie , my ship would go down with his . 
 this was not good . 
 `` great , '' becky said . 
 `` sunnie and casper , since you have power this week , you will vote first . '' 
 they got up and clasped hands , heading out to the confessional booth to cast their vote . 
 i gave brodie a tense look , but he would n't look in my direction . 
 he seemed to be assessing the others , watching their faces . 
 `` brodie and kandis , please go to the voting booth , '' a voice piped in , and we jerked to our feet . 
 i put my hand in brodie 's , and we headed to the booth . 
 my thoughts were whirling . 
 i was pretty sure marla and jendan would vote for katy and liam . 
 in fact , i was pretty sure most of the teams would vote for katy and liam . 
 but what if one or two tossed their votes our way ? 
 we had to ensure that it was n't a tie . 
 so when we got in the booth , i leaned in to brodie 's ear . 
 `` i think we should vote for katy and liam . 
 make sure that we know who 's going home and keep our heads off the chopping block . '' 
 to my surprise , brodie grinned at me . 
 `` took the words right out of my mouth . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 just like that ? 
 brodie was willing to vote out his sister that quick ? 
 jeez . 
 `` katy wo n't hold a grudge , '' brodie said . 
 `` she knows it 's a game . '' 
 then katy was a better woman than i was , because i 'd sure hold a grudge if i were her . 
 but if it were down to myself or katy , i 'd pick myself . 
 `` kandis and brodie , '' becky bradley said , her voice piping into the booth . 
 `` do you have a vote ? '' 
 `` we do , '' brodie said , and then he looked at me . 
 i nodded . 
 `` we are voting for katy and liam . '' 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ the vote was five teams to one . 
 katy and liam would be leaving the house because no one else had voted for anyone other than them . 
 the remaining vote had been for marla and jendan , and i knew that had been katy and liam 's vote . 
 brodie and i had voted with the house . 
 neither liam nor katy seemed surprised by the vote , and they seemed to be taking it well . 
 liam shook hands with the guys , and katy went and gave everyone hugs , a wry smile on her face . 
 when she came to me , though , she whispered in my ear , `` do n't trust brodie as far as you can throw him . '' 
 `` i wo n't , '' i whispered back . 
 i already did n't . 
 `` i 'm sorry i voted for you . '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' she said , and she smiled at me . 
 `` i get to spend the summer with liam . 
 i do n't mind being voted out . 
 you just watch out for that brother of mine . 
 he 's sneaky . '' 
 i nodded , and she turned to leave . 
 in one night , we were already down three house guests . 
 nine people remained , and it was brodie and me against the rest of them . 
 things were not looking good for the home team . 
 chapter four `` i 'm starting to suspect that kandis does n't take me seriously . 
 what 's a guy got to do around here to get her attention ? '' 
 - brodie short , day 8 `` i think i 'd rather be back on the couches , '' i complained to brodie as i fluffed my pillow and flopped on my back in the bed . 
 unfortunately for me , when i laid on my back , it left me with a great view of the nooses hanging from the rafters of the ceiling . 
 hanging room , indeed . 
 someone had a sick sense of humor . 
 after a week of being on the couches , we were down to nine guests and four rooms . 
 mickey was on the couches , sunnie and casper were in the power room , and brodie and i had been chosen for the attic room that was ` lovingly ' referred to as the hanging room . 
 `` there 's nothing wrong with this bed , '' brodie mumbled , voice sleepy . 
 `` you mean , other than the fact that it 's in a haunted room ? '' 
 brodie rolled over with a sigh , facing me . 
 `` you do n't really think this house is haunted , do you , kandis ? 
 we 've been here a week and no one 's seen a ghost . '' 
 `` no , '' i said , eyeing one of the nooses that dangled overhead . 
 `` but we have seen shadows and heard things at night . 
 and sunnie said that when they slept up here , she heard whispering in her pillow . 
 i do not want to hear whispering . '' 
 brodie rubbed his face . 
 `` sounds like her pillow is haunted and not the room . '' 
 `` that 's not funny . '' 
 `` kandis , why do n't you worry about something that is important ? 
 like how we 're going to stay in this house a bit longer ? 
 you know casper and sunnie are going to put us up for eviction unless we manage to somehow sway them . '' 
 `` i know , '' i said thoughtfully , hugging the blanket close . 
 unlike the couches below , there was one bed in the attic room , which meant that brodie and i were sharing a blanket . 
 i 'd worn long pajamas , but brodie had opted to sleep in his underwear ... a fact that did not go unnoticed by me , no matter how hard i was trying to ignore it . 
 brodie was a mactor , i reminded myself . 
 if he was in his underwear in bed with me , it was because he wanted to remind the world how hot he was , not because he wanted to remind me how hot he was . 
 `` i can work on sunnie this week , '' brodie told me in a low voice . 
 `` but you 've got to work on her , too . 
 befriend her . 
 do her hair or paint her nails or whatever it is girls do . 
 she 's kind of weak , so casper 's going to push her to go along with whatever he wants , and it 's pretty clear that he wants us out . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i 'll figure something out . '' 
 i thought for a moment and then added , `` it 'd be best if we could figure out a way to paint a target on mickey . 
 if his team got nominated , he 'd automatically go home because he 's a team of one . 
 there 's no guesswork there . '' 
 `` yeah , but mickey will vote with whoever offers to keep him . 
 so he 's not a target . '' 
 not like we were . 
 i continued to think , silently drumming my fingers on the blanket . 
 brodie 's hand covered mine . 
 `` stop that . '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` go to sleep . 
 seriously . 
 i ca n't think without a good night 's sleep , and we need to plan our strategy tomorrow . 
 so unless you want to fool around , go to sleep . '' 
 i snorted and hauled my blankets higher . 
 `` going to sleep now . '' 
 `` thought so . '' 
 brodie sounded amused , though . 
 `` let me know if you change your mind . '' 
 `` not changing my mind . '' 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ time passes incredibly slowly when you 're anxious about an upcoming vote . 
 though no one had said anything to me , i could tell just by the way that jayme and sunnie acted that brodie and i were on the hit list . 
 for one , they both fawned over my handsome partner and made sad faces from time to time , as if he were already gone . 
 and of course , that made me stressed out . 
 so when i was stressed ? 
 i exercised . 
 i spent hours every day going over zumba routines , coming up with new choreography . 
 since we were n't allowed to play music while in the house -lrb- which would interfere with audio recordings -rrb- , i had to hum the music to myself and choreograph based on memory . 
 that was fine , since we had plenty of free time and lots of hours to fill every day . 
 i also tried to spend a lot of time with sunnie . 
 during that first week , the celebutante had bonded with the chef , and they were rarely seen apart , so i felt like i was jockeying for her attention . 
 they tended to talk about the same things over and over again ; sunnie would name drop famous people she 'd hung out with , and jayme would listen with wide , adoring eyes . 
 i could only say `` gee , sunnie , you 've really dated famous movie stars ? '' 
 so many times before i wanted to punch myself in the face . 
 though if i wanted the scoop about which tabloid celebrity had gone to rehab , sunnie could give me the dish . 
 despite us not having much in common , i really did try . 
 evenings were the best . 
 everyone would gather for dinner , and we 'd all hang out , laughing and talking together , usually playing some sort of game . 
 at night , the house felt like a big , ongoing dinner party . 
 it was only when it was time to go to bed that it felt like a horror flick . 
 unlike sunnie , i had n't heard whispering in my pillow . 
 i did hear the footsteps at night , though , and i 'd woken brodie up once to make sure he heard it too , but he 'd only mumbled and rolled over . 
 i thought about taping it , but my recorder was being put to better use in the flower pot of the smoking area . 
 i kept taping conversations , but most of them seemed to be along the same lines . 
 casper wanted us out . 
 sunnie liked brodie and wanted to keep him . 
 jendan wanted to keep me for the same reasons . 
 marla was undecided . 
 mickey wanted to vote with whoever would keep him around . 
 fido wanted us out . 
 we were the perfect targets . 
 at least , brodie was . 
 i was just collateral damage . 
 and no one gave a crap about collateral damage . 
 so i did my best to make myself invaluable . 
 i went up to the power room and hung out . 
 i painted sunnie 's nails and listened to her stories about hollywood . 
 i admired casper 's stories about the firehouse . 
 i helped jayme clean up in the kitchen when she cooked . 
 i listened to marla 's anecdotes about her kids . 
 i even let mickey rub my neck . 
 once . 
 the reward challenge had been a shooting range with crossbows and fake vampire bats that shot across the sky . 
 i 'd deliberately failed it and then flattered the heck out of fido when he 'd won , going on and on about how good he was at the challenge to the point i disgusted even myself . 
 and when i could n't stand all the butt kissing any longer , i retreated to the house gym and exercised , venting my frustrations on the stairclimber or on a particularly grueling dance routine . 
 i was bent over , doing stretches , when mickey entered the workout room . 
 my ass was in the air , and i immediately straightened . 
 `` hey , mickey , '' i said , pulling a few sweaty strands of hair off of my face . 
 `` how are you ? '' 
 `` better , now that i just had that amazing view . '' 
 his smile was friendly , but his words were creepy . 
 ugh . 
 i forced myself to keep smiling despite the fact that i wanted to retreat . 
 i faced the workout mirror and raised an arm over my head and bent to the side , stretching it . 
 `` let me know if i 'm in your way . '' 
 `` i 'm good , '' he said , and he came up to stand next to me . 
 as i watched in the mirror , he began to mimic my stretches . 
 okay , that was weird . 
 i stretched my other arm , bent to touch my toes , and then shot a quick glance over at mickey . 
 sure enough , he was still stretching his arms , but his gaze was on my ass . 
 god , that made me feel freaked out . 
 i straightened again and went to the weight bench . 
 `` you need a spotter ? '' 
 mickey asked , coming to my side . 
 `` no , actually , i 'm okay . '' 
 i grabbed my towel , and even though i 'd just warmed up , i decided it was time to leave . 
 `` i think i 'm going to skip the workout for today . '' 
 `` sore ? '' 
 no , your skeezy eyes are drilling holes into my skin . 
 `` something like that . '' 
 `` i can give you a massage , you know . 
 i have amazing hands . '' 
 he rubbed them in front of me and grinned as if i should be impressed . 
 `` i 'm cool , thanks . '' 
 `` no , really . 
 i can make you feel better . '' 
 before i could step away , he put a hand on the back of my neck and began to rub . 
 `` see ? 
 do n't you like that ? '' 
 the guy was giving me the willies . 
 i slid away , acutely uncomfortable . 
 my hand went to my neck protectively , and i clutched my towel in front of me . 
 `` like i said , i 'm good . '' 
 `` any time you want me to make you feel good , kandis , you just let me know . '' 
 mickey 's voice had gotten breathy . 
 `` i can give you a massage anywhere you like . 
 i know how to unkink all your muscles . 
 though you might be the type that 's into kink . '' 
 and he wagged his eyebrows at me . 
 really ? 
 really ? 
 i shook my head , clutching my towel and heading for the door . 
 `` really . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 i opened the door to escape the workout room , and i nearly ran smack dab into brodie 's chest . 
 i gasped and staggered backward . 
 brodie smiled , reaching for me . 
 `` what 's the rush ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' i said and sidled past him . 
 `` i just ... i have to go . '' 
 the smile on his face faded . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i just need to go . '' 
 i ran out the door and down the hall , leaving my partner alone in the work-out room with mickey . 
 as i retreated , i heard brodie 's voice rise . 
 `` dude , why the f ** k do you have an erection ? '' 
 i ran for the showers . 
 at least there , i could avoid mickey and any uncomfortable questions about why i was running away . 
 the showers were an off-limits area amongst the house guests . 
 we knew they would be filming us , but we tried to give each other privacy enough to towel off and get clean . 
 as soon as the door to my shower shut behind me , i stripped , tossed my barely-used workout clothes in the corner , and stepped under the spray . 
 god , i was totally creeped out . 
 mickey had come on to me so hard that it had left me feeling dirty . 
 some guys did n't take no for an answer or get subtle signals . 
 mickey did n't seem to grasp signals at all , and i hated the thought of spending more time with him in the house . 
 i scrubbed at my wet face , wishing i could wipe the memory of the last few minutes out of my mind . 
 jesus , i hoped that brodie did n't think i 'd been coming on to mickey . 
 i wanted to gag at the thought . 
 `` coming in , '' brodie called , startling me out of my shower reverie . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i sputtered , wiping water out of my eyes . 
 `` do n't come in here ! 
 the shower 's in use ! 
 i - '' my words died as brodie entered the shower , ignoring all my protests , and stepped under the stream with me . 
 he was wearing nothing but a pair of his workout shorts , and as i watched , he peeled those off and kicked them aside . 
 well . 
 brodie was n't shy . 
 i crossed my arms over my br ** sts and hunched over , my legs tightly crossed so he could n't see my lady parts . 
 `` get out of here , '' i hissed . 
 `` chill out , kandis , '' brodie said . 
 `` you see my parts , i see yours . 
 that 's not what 's important right now . 
 we need to talk , and this is pretty much the only place we can do so privately . '' 
 water splattered my face , and i tilted my head to the side , trying to get out from under the stream . 
 `` what about ? '' 
 brodie leaned in and whispered in my ear , his voice barely audible over the water . 
 `` mickey . 
 was he harassing you ? '' 
 `` you mean like the way you 're harassing me right now ? '' 
 i sputtered . 
 `` get serious , kandis . 
 i 'm not even looking . '' 
 his gaze remained on my face . 
 `` okay ? 
 i just want to know if you 're okay . 
 you looked freaked when you left the gym , and mickey had a boner , and i know he 's been kind of handsey to you lately . '' 
 i said nothing for a long moment , still feeling weirdly awkward about standing nak * d in a shower with brodie , neither of us looking away from the other 's face . 
 `` come on . 
 i have a sister , '' brodie said quietly . 
 `` i know some guys wo n't take no for an answer . 
 mickey seems the type . 
 i 'm just trying to look out for my partner . 
 i do n't like that he was bothering you . '' 
 `` he was coming on to me , '' i admitted . 
 `` grabbed my neck and tried to massage me again . 
 staring at my ass . '' 
 i shrugged and glanced away , staring at the tile wall . 
 `` the usual stuff . '' 
 `` yeah , but he cornered you in a room by yourself and the dude had a boner . 
 that 's not cool in my book . '' 
 when i looked back at him , he shook his head . 
 `` you leave his ass to me . 
 i 'll handle him . '' 
 `` what are you going to do ? '' 
 `` do n't you worry , '' brodie said . 
 `` you leave that ass to me . 
 he 's not going to bother you again . '' 
 and before i could reply , he stepped back out of the shower and shut the door , leaving me alone in the stall once more . 
 well , that was ... bizarre . 
 i tiptoed to the edge of the door and peered out , watching brodie 's nak * d , wet ass as he strode across the bathroom to grab a towel . 
 he had n't even looked at my nak * d body once . 
 huh . 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ `` sunnie and i have power this week , '' casper said , fingering the ` p ' necklace that hung around his throat as the next live episode was taped . 
 `` and it 's time for us to make a decision as to who should stay and who should go . '' 
 we all sat on the couches , nervous , waiting for the nominations . 
 i chewed on my thumbnail , my foot fidgeting a mile a minute . 
 i just wanted this over with already . 
 i stood a pretty good chance of staying if our team was nominated . 
 they 'd probably get brodie out of here over me , right ? 
 so in theory i should be okay . 
 but ... i could n't help but be anxious . 
 and part of me wanted both of us to stay . 
 i did n't trust brodie as far as i could throw him , but i liked brodie as a person . 
 it was hard not to like him . 
 he went through life as though everyone loved him and would put up with any of his schemes . 
 and because he acted like that ... it was impossible not to like the guy . 
 he was charismatic , fun , and always up for a conversation , flirting , or even just a round of cards or checkers to beat the boredom . 
 i looked over at my partner , but he was smiling at sunnie , who giggled and flipped her long red hair . 
 i frowned . 
 sunnie would vote to keep brodie . 
 she 'd been all over him like glue this week . 
 it had been obnoxious the first week to see them casually flirting with each other , but this week it was like every time i turned around , they were off in a corner , whispering and laughing together , or swimming together . 
 not that i 'd noticed . 
 not that it bothered me . 
 not that i thought he should be spending his time with me , his partner . 
 oh no . 
 `` this was a difficult decision for sunnie and me to make , '' casper was saying , drawing out the drama . 
 the expression on his face was intense . 
 `` but ultimately , we feel it 's the right one . '' 
 i closed my eyes , waiting for the other shoe to drop . 
 `` and so , we 've decided to nominate ... mickey . '' 
 my eyes snapped open . 
 i looked over at my partner in surprise . 
 brodie did n't look shocked at all . 
 in fact , he looked ... smug ? 
 had he somehow set this up ? 
 i watched , mystified , as mickey headed to the nomination chairs , frowning . 
 `` mickey , since you are the only one left on your team , '' becky called out sweetly from the tv screen , `` that means you are automatically eliminated . 
 please exit the house . '' 
 we all stood and murmured platitudes as mickey grabbed his bag and headed for the door . 
 i avoided the hug he tried to give me and gave him a friendly wave instead . 
 as soon as the door shut behind him , i turned to brodie and whispered , `` how did you manage that ? '' 
 `` we 'll talk later , '' he said , but there was a smile on his face . 
 huh . 
 `` contestants , you have ten minutes to change and arrive on the challenge course , '' a voice piped over the intercom . 
 `` please hurry . '' 
 we scrambled to change , and as the girls rushed to the bathroom to strip out of our confining dresses , i stopped marla on the way . 
 `` did you know that mickey was going to be leaving ? '' 
 she nodded and gave me a sympathetic look . 
 `` when sunnie told us what was going on , we agreed that he needed to go . '' 
 sunnie , huh ? 
 sure enough , the redhead came to my side and captured me in a long hug . 
 `` i did that for you , girl , '' she said , beaming at me . 
 i hugged her back , still a bit surprised . 
 `` thanks , sunnie . 
 you 're the best . '' 
 `` you owe me , '' she whispered . 
 `` i do , '' i agreed . 
 it seemed more like i owed brodie , though . 
 we did n't have a chance to talk more because everyone was too busy changing clothes and braiding their hair up . 
 i barely managed to finish changing and make it out on the challenge course in time , and i groaned when i saw what lay before us . 
 six dining tables-since sunnie and casper would n't be able to participate-complete with checkered picnic cloths . 
 a wicker basket was set up on each table . 
 `` contestants , pick a table , '' sunnie called out , waving a hand at the line of tables like she was vanna white . 
 i picked my table and sat down and noticed immediately that there was a bucket under my chair . 
 uh oh . 
 this was a gross food challenge . 
 i swallowed hard and looked at jendan , who sat next to me . 
 he looked a bit green in the face . 
 `` this season , '' casper read , `` has had a horror movie theme to it . 
 and tonight 's dinner will be no different . 
 you 've all seen the movie where the hero has to eat a giant roach or a dish of monkey brains . 
 now , you get to experience those things for yourself . '' 
 a chorus of groans came from the six tables . 
 `` oh god , '' jendan muttered next to me . 
 `` i 'm going to be sick just thinking about it . '' 
 i could n't help but giggle , just a little . 
 of everyone in the house , jendan was the pickiest eater . 
 he liked disgustingly healthy foods and ate a plain chicken breast and broccoli when the rest of us snacked on hot dogs and potato chips . 
 `` you have a barf bucket , '' i pointed out helpfully . 
 `` i 'm going to need it , '' he called back . 
 i grinned and then sobered , leaning over . 
 `` did you save us ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 i had to know . 
 `` talk later , '' he said quickly as a cameraman swung past . 
 that was n't a ` no . ' 
 i nodded as casper pulled out another card and continued reading . 
 `` there are five courses in all , '' casper read . 
 `` each round , the person that finishes their dish the slowest will be eliminated until there are only two contestants remaining . 
 those two will go head to head for the power play . 
 are you ready ? '' 
 `` ready , '' we said . 
 `` all right , '' casper read . 
 `` contestants , open your picnic baskets . 
 the first item for dinner is ... monkey brains . '' 
 next to me , jendan made a gagging noise . 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ hours later , i was pretty sure that despite half a bottle of mouthwash and four rounds of marathon tooth-brushing , i still had the taste of fish eyes in my mouth . 
 i 'd only made it to round two before losing the challenge . 
 poor brodie had made it all the way to the final round and had to suffer through every course before losing to jayme as she swallowed mealworms like a champ . 
 jendan had barfed after every round , starting with the first round , after taking a bite of his food , and then continuing with sympathy barfs when he saw what the others had to eat . 
 poor guy had a weak stomach . 
 i could n't laugh because i 'd barely managed to eat my monkey brains . 
 i 'd tossed my own cookies on the fish eyes . 
 now , with the excitement of the evening dying down , we were all settling into our new rooms . 
 jayme and fido had the power room for the week , and since brodie had done so well , we 'd gotten to stay in the queen room , which was the least creepy of the rooms . 
 it was full of antique furniture and weird portraits of historical people and two-way mirrors , but at least it was n't an attic full of hanging nooses . 
 i considered that a win . 
 i lay on the bed , chewing mint gum frantically as brodie changed for bed . 
 he 'd stripped off his challenge clothing and tossed it into the hamper , then , clad in nothing but a pair of boxers , scratched his belly and headed for bed . 
 `` so , '' i asked . 
 `` were you trying to win that competition tonight ? '' 
 `` yes and no , '' he said , climbing in to bed next to me . 
 `` yes , because i figured if i had to eat all that shit , i might as well get something out of it . 
 no , because i figured if jayme won , we were safe for now . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 are we safe with jayme in charge ? '' 
 i trailed a finger on the quilted bedcover . 
 this was news to me . 
 `` is she another one of your harem ? '' 
 he just grinned at me . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 i grimaced and rolled out of bed to spit out my gum , still tasting fish eyes . 
 `` so who did you not want to win ? '' 
 `` jendan or marla . 
 as long as they lost , we were safe . '' 
 `` because you have sunnie and jayme in your pocket , '' i verified . 
 he put a finger to his lips and glanced at the door . 
 `` not so loud . 
 someone might be listening . '' 
 i hopped back into bed and pointed at his side , indicating he should join me . 
 `` yes , ma'am , '' he said with a grin , and he bounded into bed . 
 the entire thing creaked so loudly when he landed i thought the others would come running . 
 i winced , waiting . 
 `` everything okay ? '' 
 someone called a moment later . 
 `` just me , '' brodie yelled . 
 `` getting too enthusiastic in bed ! '' 
 i groaned . 
 this was like having far too many roommates . 
 `` great , now they think we 're enthusiastic in bed together . '' 
 `` which is not the worst thing anyone 's thought about me , '' brodie said with a grin . 
 `` i 'll bet . '' 
 i slid a little closer to him and dropped my voice to a whisper . 
 `` so tell me what happened earlier . '' 
 brodie wiggled his eyebrows at me , looking quite pleased with himself . 
 `` you 'll notice that i was pulling the strings of the female companions here in the house this week ? '' 
 `` if you mean , did i notice you all over them ? 
 yes . 
 i think everyone noticed that . '' 
 he just grinned as if i 'd paid him a compliment . 
 `` like i said , i did n't like the way that guy was treating you , so i talked to the other girls and made sure they saw things my way . 
 was n't hard , considering he 'd also made jayme and sunnie really uncomfortable . 
 marla , too . 
 i think he kept asking to see pictures of her daughter , and she got a little wigged out . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` at any rate , you 're welcome . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 do n't know what to say . '' 
 `` how about thank you ? '' 
 i leaned in and gave him a one-armed hug . 
 `` thank you , brodie . 
 for all your horn-doggy-ness , you can be surprisingly sweet . '' 
 when i pulled away , he looked a bit disgruntled at my words . 
 `` i do n't know which i find more insulting-the horn-dog comment or that you 're surprised that i 'm sweet . '' 
 `` do you deny that you 're a horn dog ? '' 
 `` pfft . 
 hello , kandis , did i not just confess all my plans to you ? 
 i 've been all over sunnie and jayme because i wanted to make sure we were safe . 
 that 's you and me . 
 not because i wanted to score some p ** sy . '' 
 he tapped my chest , right above my breastbone . 
 `` you . '' 
 then he tapped his chest . 
 `` me . 
 got it ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` it 's a game , you know . 
 and you catch more flies with honey . '' 
 `` yeah , but did you have to spread the honey on so thick ? '' 
 i muttered . 
 brodie just grinned at me , seemingly delighted at my surly attitude . 
 `` if i did n't know better , kandis , i 'd say you were jealous . '' 
 `` yeah , well , you know better , do n't you ? '' 
 i said , surprised at how defensive my voice sounded . 
 `` just turn out the light , already . '' 
 `` because you ca n't wait to get me in the dark - ? '' 
 i ignored that . 
 `` night , brodie . '' '' 
 - and have me all to yourself ? '' 
 `` good night , brodie . '' 
 he laughed and reached over to flick off the light . 
 `` night , kandis . '' 
 chapter five `` god . 
 kandis . 
 dat ass . 
 wait , strike that . 
 she 's going to kick my ass if she hears i said something like that in the confessional . 
 you stopped recording , right ? 
 hello ? '' 
 - brodie short , day 12 i curled my legs under me in the big easy chair in the confessional booth , waiting to be addressed . 
 it did n't take long . 
 `` kandis , how are things going now that the latest house guest has been evicted ? '' 
 i smiled at my reflection as if i were talking to a real person . 
 `` well , i am breathing a lot easier around the house . 
 it 's good to know he 's not lurking around every corner , just waiting to catch a glimpse of my ass . 
 you have no idea how freaking nightmarish that was . 
 so living-wise , i 'm really happy . 
 strategy-wise , i do n't know that it matters so much because mickey was a floater . 
 he went with whoever was in power and made it clear that he 'd do whatever it takes to stay on . 
 you ca n't trust people like that . '' 
 a pause . 
 `` how are things with your partner ? '' 
 i licked my lips and thought hard . 
 `` brodie 's been ... surprisingly more loyal than i thought he would be . 
 when i came on the show , i expected him to be the biggest horn-dog ever . 
 and he flirts a lot , do n't get me wrong . 
 but there 's some strategy behind it , i think ? '' 
 i gave a light shrug . 
 `` and i ca n't get mad , because i see the strategy . 
 and he shares his plans with me , so i know what 's going on . '' 
 `` so it does n't bother you that he 's hitting on all the women in the house ? '' 
 `` oh , i did n't say it did n't bother me . 
 i just said i understood the strategy behind it . 
 and it should n't irritate me , really . 
 we 're just partners , nothing more . '' 
 `` but you showered together . '' 
 my fingers twitched and i tugged at the hem of my t-shirt . 
 `` that was just so we could talk . 
 it was n't for ... sexual purposes . 
 man , it sounds really awkward to say that , but it 's true . 
 there was nothing sexy about it . '' 
 except for the fact that i 'd watched his nak * d ass when he 'd left the shower . 
 and maybe thought about that moment far more often than anyone who was ` just friends ' should . 
 after all , i was n't sitting around and picturing jendan nak * d. `` how are the alliances shifting in the game ? '' 
 the intercom 's question caught me by surprise , breaking me out of my reverie . 
 `` um . 
 they shift every day , to be honest . 
 jendan and i are strong , though . 
 at least , i feel like we are . 
 we share info and keep an eye on each other 's backs . 
 ditto myself and brodie . 
 of course , that 's not enough to win the game , but brodie swears he has both sunnie and jayme , and jendan has marla , so that puts us in a majority as long as we all vote the same way . '' 
 `` it sounds like you 're counting on everyone else to make deals to save you . '' 
 i frowned , a bit irritated by that assumption . 
 `` not at all . 
 i 'm playing this game , but part of my strategy is to let others take the heat at the beginning . 
 right now , jendan and brodie are the stars of the show . 
 i 'll carry my end when it 's time . 
 it 's just not time right now . '' 
 `` any enemies in the house ? '' 
 `` i do n't know if i have enemies as much as there are people that i do n't totally trust . 
 and by that , i mean everyone . 
 casper and marla are the most paranoid , though . 
 if i had to choose who i trust the least , i 'd pick those two ... which makes it real interesting considering that i 'm allied with one of them . '' 
 `` what about jayme and fido ? 
 they have power this week . 
 how do you feel about them ? '' 
 `` i 'm marginally fine with jayme because brodie says we can trust her . 
 i have n't really had a chance to talk to fido all that much one-on-one , so i 'm hoping he goes along with whatever jayme wants . '' 
 `` you think she 's leading that team ? '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` she is totally leading that team . 
 fido 's a nice guy , but jayme runs right over him . '' 
 `` and what about your team ? 
 who 's in charge of the brodie-kandis alliance ? '' 
 i paused . 
 that was a very good question . 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ `` so , '' jendan said , rubbing suntan lotion on his shoulders before laying down on his beach-towel . 
 his voice was low . 
 `` i do n't want you to panic , but i have heard about a plan this week . '' 
 i looked over at jendan , my head propped on my hands as i tanned my back . 
 it was a lazy day in the house . 
 the smokers were all hanging out near the couches and listening to marla tell another story about her kids . 
 sunnie and jayme and brodie were in the kitchen , baking -lrb- and flirting -rrb- . 
 jendan and i had the pool all to ourselves , and we 'd swam a little and were now laying out to catch some sun . 
 `` what sort of plan this week ? '' 
 he glanced at the door to make sure no one was heading our way and then looked back at me . 
 `` jayme 's putting you and brodie up on the block . '' 
 well , shit . 
 `` she is ? 
 but what about the mickey thing ? '' 
 how was it that they voted out mickey because he was creeping on me , only to turn around and want to vote out either myself or brodie ? 
 i thought everyone liked my partner . 
 jendan nodded . 
 `` they told marla that the plan is to put you two up on the block . 
 they wo n't put me and marla up , and they said they can control sunnie and casper . 
 that leaves you and brodie on the outs , and the plan is to keep brodie . '' 
 my eyes widened . 
 i sat up . 
 `` wait , i 'm the target ? 
 not brodie ? '' 
 shit . 
 maybe everyone liked my partner too much . 
 `` calm down , '' jendan said , glancing around . 
 `` and lay back down . '' 
 i did so , though i wanted to drum my feet-or go swim a lap-out of nerves . 
 i settled for twirling a lock of my long hair , over and over again . 
 `` so tell me about this plan . 
 why me ? 
 what did i do to them ? '' 
 `` it 's not you specifically . 
 it 's that they do n't trust the two of you together . 
 too sneaky . 
 and everyone 's suspicious of a house romance . '' 
 i sputtered . 
 `` house romance ? 
 are you serious ? '' 
 `` sunnie , marla , and jayme all think there 's something going on between you and brodie . '' 
 `` there 's not ! '' 
 jendan turned on his side and gave me a suspicious look . 
 `` you 'd tell me if there was , right ? 
 because it affects how i vote , too . '' 
 `` i swear , we are not sleeping together . '' 
 i made an x motion over my chest , a simulation of ` cross my heart . ' 
 `` he 's just my partner . '' 
 `` yeah , but you guys are pretty tight . 
 you have to admit that 's true . 
 and he pushed that last vote hard because he wanted to protect you from mickey . '' 
 jendan tilted his head , studying me . 
 `` and i saw him coming out of your shower , nak * d. '' damn . 
 he 'd seen that ? 
 i twirled the lock of hair harder , the coil around my finger getting tighter and tighter . 
 `` he just did that so we could talk . '' 
 `` uh huh . 
 naked ? '' 
 `` so we could talk privately , '' i amended . 
 `` and i ask again , nak * d ? '' 
 `` it was n't my idea . '' 
 but it sounded lame even as i said it . 
 `` we 're not together . 
 honest . 
 i really like brodie-he 's impossible not to like . 
 but i saw the world races and how he sucked face with tesla and ditched katy as soon as he had the chance . 
 so do i like the guy ? 
 yeah . 
 do i trust him not to throw me over ? 
 not in the slightest . '' 
 `` as long as you promise to tell me if it changes ... '' i gave jendan a fierce look . 
 `` of course . 
 i would tell you if we were together , okay ? 
 you 've had my back this entire time . 
 i 'm not about to screw you and lie to you . '' 
 after a moment , he nodded . 
 `` that 's what i thought , too . 
 but the other girls are n't buying it . 
 they think that you 're playing brodie-and me - to secure your place . '' 
 the lock of hair i was winding around my finger was so tight it made my finger throb . 
 `` oh they do , do they ? 
 i guess they did n't point out that both jayme and sunnie are totally content to play kissy-face with brodie at every chance they get ? 
 but i guess that 's fine ? 
 because i 'm friends with you , too , i 'm the house ho ? '' 
 jendan chuckled low and laid on his back , throwing an arm over his eyes to shield them from the sun . 
 `` well , my guess is that 's why they want to keep him and not you . '' 
 this was ridiculous . 
 `` so i 'm going out the door because they think i 'm a tramp . '' 
 `` not necessarily a ho , '' jendan said . 
 `` they need a target this week , and since they love brodie , it falls on you . '' 
 i released my hair and let it unwind , thinking . 
 as if they knew we were talking about them , the back door opened and sunnie came streaking out , racing into the yard in a bikini top and shorts . 
 she squealed loudly , chased by brodie , who had a water gun in hand . 
 both jendan and i turned to watch as he caught sunnie by her waist . 
 she giggled , flailing in a way that rubbed her br ** sts against him , and they continued to wrestle until brodie tossed her over his shoulder . 
 with a wink at me , he went to the back door with the celebutante over his shoulder . 
 `` that 's some strategy , '' jendan said . 
 `` wish i 'd thought of it . '' 
 `` you did , '' i said . 
 `` but you chose to ally with me instead , and i 'm not doing as good with the flirting as i hoped . 
 too bad for you . '' 
 `` maybe you should try harder , '' he said with a smile . 
 `` i 'll kick you if you try to toss me over your shoulder , '' i said in a warning voice and watched sunnie and my partner go inside , trying not to frown as brodie 's hands moved over sunnie 's bare back . 
 her br ** sts were pushed up against his shoulder , and her red hair was spilling everywhere . 
 sunnie was pretty , and bouncy . 
 brodie flirted with her constantly . 
 it should n't have bothered me , but the sight of their playfulness was sticking in my craw . 
 i was his partner . 
 it was a business arrangement , i reminded myself . 
 we were both after the money . 
 he was just flirting so he could get ahead ... or so he 'd told me . 
 was it just a line ? 
 i honestly had no idea . 
 `` well , you have me , '' jendan said . 
 `` you know you have me , but it wo n't be enough to keep you safe this week . 
 so unless you have a plan , i 'm going to have to vote with the house so i do n't stick my neck out for nothing . '' 
 `` i 'll think of something . 
 i just need a bigger target than me , right ? '' 
 `` right . '' 
 i considered my options . 
 jayme would n't put her team up on the block . 
 marla and jendan sounded like they were in tight with them . 
 nor did i want them on the block , unless i could guarantee that marla left and jendan stayed . 
 considering marla was the house mom and everyone loved her ? 
 that would n't be happening anytime soon . 
 that left sunnie and casper or me and brodie . 
 i needed to find a way to target sunnie or casper and get the big red x off of my back , or i 'd be the next one evicted . 
 `` i 'll see what i can do , '' i told jendan . 
 `` i 've still got a few days to scramble . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` scramble hard , because you and me to the end is part of my game plan , and i do n't want that to change . '' 
 mine , too . 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ i did n't share my concerns with brodie . 
 he was a lot of things , but he was n't good at flying below the radar . 
 once he found out that the others were gunning for me , he 'd start trying to work everyone to save me , and they 'd all be aware of what he was doing again ... which would mean i 'd be going home for sure . 
 there was always the chance that brodie would find out that they were all going to vote for me ... and that he 'd sell me out to save his own hide . 
 i did n't trust brodie short not to try and save his own skin when it came down to him or me . 
 it was best for both of us if i kept things quiet . 
 it 'd give me time to figure things out and quietly maneuver myself into a stronger position before anyone knew i was aware that there was a target on my back . 
 i still had n't thought of a plan hours later when the intercom came on . 
 i was in the attic room with marla and jendan , burning sage . 
 marla had sworn she 'd heard footsteps last night , and she had insisted that they smudge the room to try and get rid of evil spirits . 
 jendan had told us it was a common practice among mediums -lrb- something he 'd found out in a film he 'd been in -rrb- and that you burned a bundle of sage just enough to make it smoke and then waved it around all corners of the room . 
 i 'd been all too glad to assist , just in case they talked strategy . 
 we all looked up as the intercom chimed twice in a row . 
 `` house guests , it 's time for the reward challenge . 
 please head to the main living area to receive your costumes and then proceed to the challenge area outside . '' 
 i blew out the smoking bundle of sage i held . 
 `` did i just hear the word ` costumes ? ' '' 
 marla groaned . 
 `` i 'm afraid you did . 
 that 's not good . '' 
 jendan grinned at us and blew out his sage bundle and then waved it through the air to make sure it was out . 
 `` i thought girls liked to dress up for special occasions . '' 
 `` ha ha , '' said marla . 
 `` very funny . '' 
 when we got downstairs , everyone groaned at the sight of the six costumes laid out . 
 they were big , ugly blob costumes covered with leaves and made of a spongy material . 
 no one would look cute in that . 
 still , we laughed as we dressed up and groaned again when we were each handed leafy crowns to put in our hair . 
 `` what do you suppose these are supposed to be ? '' 
 jayme asked , wrinkling her nose at the sight of the potato-shaped costume . 
 `` a jolly green giant of some kind ? '' 
 fido guessed , and we laughed . 
 waddling in the overstuffed green costumes , we headed out to the challenge area . 
 jayme waited for us there , with fido at her side . 
 she held a card to read out to us , and pointed us to the starting line . 
 we lined up , and i eyed the challenge area with interest . 
 i had to give the crew of the house guests tv show credit . 
 i had n't even realized that they 'd been out in the back yard , working on the challenge area . 
 it was completely transformed . 
 there was a leafy green vine that served as a starting line , with six mats for each of us to stand on , spaced out . 
 beyond that , the challenge area had been transformed into a swampy obstacle course . 
 vines dangled from prop trees on the sidelines , and fog machines made a thick mist roll through the area . 
 lily pads decorated scummy green water , and a series of rocks , fallen trees , and other items created an obstacle course we 'd have to wade through to get to the other side . 
 on the far end stood a blow-up doll in a tiger-print dress and fake blonde hair tied to a pole . 
 cute . 
 `` hello house guests , '' jayme said in a cheery voice , reading from the card . 
 `` today 's challenge is called swamp things ! 
 you 're the monster that lives in the swamp , and you 're mighty lonely . 
 at the word ` go , ' you need to rush through the swamp and head to the other side to rescue a girlfriend on the far end of the swamp . 
 retrieve your mate and then make it back to the finish line . 
 does everyone understand ? '' 
 when she saw us nodding , she continued reading . 
 `` this contest is set up slightly differently than the regular contests . 
 you will be competing as individuals for this challenge , and you do not want to be last . 
 the first four to cross the finish line will get a ticket to the house guests open bar that is now being set up in the living room ! '' 
 we all cheered . 
 after nearly a month in the house , a stiff drink sounded great . 
 `` there 's a catch , though . 
 the last two people to cross the finish line will have to sit around and watch everyone else get drunk around them . '' 
 she ran a finger down her cheek , mimicking a tear . 
 `` since fido and i have power , we automatically get tickets to the open bar . 
 is everyone ready to compete ? '' 
 `` ready , '' we chorused back . 
 we got to our starting positions and leaned forward , ready to race . 
 i was situated between marla and brodie . 
 `` go , '' jayme called . 
 we raced into the water . 
 the challenge area had been filled knee high with liquid , and calling it ` water ' was being kind . 
 it was more like sludge . 
 it was thick and viscous , and with the costume on , it was hard to walk . 
 considering that the costume was also soaking up the disgusting water ? 
 every step became heavier and heavier . 
 i watched brodie lunge forward only to plow into the goopy water head first , and i could n't resist laughing . 
 it took an eternity to drag one leg in front of the other , longer to crawl over one of the rocky obstacles and to maneuver under a low-hanging ` tree ' branch . 
 jendan and brodie were in the lead , followed by casper . 
 sunnie was clinging to casper as he helped her along , and marla panted and heaved at my side . 
 by the time i retrieved my blow up doll ` girlfriend , ' i was in close to last place . 
 marla and sunnie were dragging behind me , but i was confident i could beat them . 
 i. . . 
 just was n't sure i wanted to . 
 alcohol might be the key to discovering where the cracks were and exploiting them . 
 people tended to lose their guard under the influence of alcohol , and i wanted to hear what they had to say . 
 i noticed casper slowing down before he hit the finish line and then turning around to go and help sunnie move across the line . 
 marla was neck and neck with me , so when i hit the rock obstacle , i pretended to lose my footing on the other side and went splashing into the water , belly first . 
 my costume immediately soaked up water , and i struggled genuinely for the next minute to get back to my feet . 
 by the time i did , i watched marla and sunnie limp across the finish line , and casper moved to me to offer me a hand up in case i needed it . 
 he 'd clearly played the gallant and opted to let the girls win . 
 i was still out . 
 i smiled at casper . 
 `` looks like it 's you and me missing out on the bar . '' 
 `` i do n't drink , '' he said , voice blunt . 
 `` so this is one reward i wo n't mind missing out on . '' 
 `` i 'm disappointed , '' i lied as i crossed the finish line with his help . 
 immediately , brodie was at my side and hugging me through my wet costume . 
 i tried to feign sadness as he squished me into a wet , swampy hug . 
 `` i 'm sorry , kandis , '' brodie said . 
 `` i did n't realize you were so far behind . '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' i told him , and i gave him a pat with my soggy glove . 
 `` it 's not important . 
 i 'll get the next one . '' 
 jendan was there to hug me next . 
 as he leaned in , he whispered , `` that was the worst pratfall ever . 
 take it from a stuntman . '' 
 i put a finger to my lips and shushed him . 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ `` one ... two ... three ... drink ! '' 
 brodie called from the kitchen . 
 a series of cheers rose , and then silence as the others chugged . 
 i listened to them from my place on one end of the couch , blowing on my freshly painted nails to dry them . 
 while i had n't won the reward challenge , just watching the others get hammered had provided hours of entertainment . 
 marla could n't hold her liquor , but sunnie downed whiskey shots like a champ . 
 they 'd all been downright hilarious until sunnie wrapped her arms around brodie 's waist and buried her face against his neck . 
 he had n't pushed her away , and i 'd no longer found the drunken antics quite so amusing . 
 that had been enough for me , thank you very much . 
 so i 'd gone out to the living room for some ` alone ' time . 
 alone time was boring , though , when you were n't allowed to listen to music or provided anything to read , and there was no tv in the house . 
 so i 'd painted my nails , but that had only taken a few minutes of time . 
 when casper cut through the living room to head out back to the smoking area , i saw my chance . 
 i waited a few minutes so it would n't seem as if i were stalking him and then headed out back . 
 casper was seated by himself on the smoker 's couches , a lit cigarette between two fingers as he relaxed and stared up at the evening sky . 
 an ashtray was balanced on one knee . 
 i thumped down on a couch across from him . 
 `` sad you 're missing the alcoholic antics ? '' 
 `` nope , '' he said , tone brusque . 
 `` have n't drank in twenty years . '' 
 he must have realized how harsh his voice sounded because he turned and gave me a thin smile . 
 `` how ` bout you ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 i could have cared less about the drinking at the moment . 
 i had casper alone . 
 he was sitting in the smoking area , which was where i liked to hide my tape recorder . 
 this was too perfect . 
 i bit the inside of my cheek to keep from smiling out of sheer delight . 
 instead , i scooted a little bit closer to the end of the couch . 
 there was a small potted palm that sat between the two couches -lrb- which were set at right angles -rrb- and if i could get him to admit something damning on tape , i just might have a chance . 
 `` so , '' i whispered after a long moment . 
 `` are you and sunnie together until the end ? '' 
 his cigarette paused halfway to his mouth , and he glanced at me . 
 then , he put it between his lips , glanced at the door , and then slid down toward me . 
 `` we 've talked , '' he said , voice low . 
 `` but i have n't agreed to anything just yet . 
 i 'm weighing my options . '' 
 `` everyone loves sunnie , '' i pointed out . 
 `` she 's really popular . 
 if it gets down to you and her at the final two , you wo n't win . '' 
 `` you think i do n't know that ? '' 
 he took another drag on his cigarette . 
 `` she 's a good kid . 
 i just do n't know if i want her to win the million . 
 she 's already got lots of money from her daddy . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` so you plan on getting rid of her before the end ? '' 
 he gave me a sharp look . 
 `` i did n't say that . '' 
 i shrugged , pretending casualness , though my foot tapped a staccato beat on the table . 
 `` i 'm just saying ... if you have a plan to get to the end , i would n't mind hitching a ride for as long as you find me useful . '' 
 that had been the right thing to say . 
 his eyes got a predatory gleam in them , and he sat up , leaning in toward me . 
 `` i might have a plan . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 i leaned in closer . 
 `` i 'm all ears . '' 
 `` what about your partner ? '' 
 `` i do n't know if you noticed , but my partner 's currently in the kitchen hitting on your partner , '' i said sourly . 
 `` i do n't trust him to take me to the end . '' 
 `` you think those two might have a deal together ? '' 
 casper 's white brows knitted . 
 `` they might . '' 
 i actually did n't know if they did or not , but the thought had crossed my mind and i was n't ruling it out . 
 `` he has n't said anything to me for sure . '' 
 casper snorted . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure they do . 
 they constantly have their heads together . 
 which means you and i get left out in the cold . '' 
 i leaned in , propping my chin on my hand . 
 `` so what do you propose ? '' 
 `` i 've been thinking about this , '' casper said . 
 `` you know they want you out this week , right ? '' 
 i feigned surprise . 
 `` i do now . '' 
 `` it might be in my best interest to keep you , though . 
 here 's the thing . 
 you know who 's the strongest person in this game ? '' 
 `` you ? '' 
 i guessed . 
 when in doubt , flatter the ego . 
 `` marla , '' he said , and gave me a knowing nod . 
 `` marla ? '' 
 i echoed . 
 `` how do you figure ? '' 
 `` here 's the thing with marla , '' he said , and he flicked his cigarette in his ashtray and then put the tray on the table so he could lean in closer . 
 `` she 's a young mother with two children . 
 she 's not great at challenges , so she flies under the radar and lets her partner take the heat there . 
 if they go up on the block , who do you think 's going to go home ? '' 
 `` jendan , '' i guessed . 
 `` he 's strong . '' 
 `` exactly . 
 and marla 's got the girl vote . 
 everyone likes her and she 's working the mom thing . 
 nobody will notice her until it 's too late , and then we 'll be handing her a million dollars . 
 you mark my words . '' 
 `` so you think we should get her out sooner ? '' 
 `` next , '' casper said . 
 `` if i can get jayme and fido to put marla and jendan up on the block , would you vote for marla ? '' 
 that was exactly what i wanted to hear . 
 and yet ... `` you 're not telling me how you 'd get jayme and fido to put them up . '' 
 `` i think they 'd be up for it , '' he said . 
 `` it 's a big move . 
 you got ta make big moves in this game to impress the jury . 
 jayme has said before that she wants to shake things up . 
 booting marla and splitting up that power duo would do it . '' 
 `` so you 'd get jayme to put up marla and jendan , '' i repeated . 
 `` then you and i vote for marla . 
 that 's only two . '' 
 he began to tick votes off on his fingers . 
 `` you , me , sunnie , and brodie . 
 if we tell them how we want to vote , they 'll go along with it as long as it 's not them up on the block . 
 we get rid of marla this week and then jendan the week after as long as we have power . 
 then , once we get a bit further into the game , we can pick off our partners . 
 first brodie , because he 's stronger , and then sunnie . 
 then it could be you , me , jayme , and fido in the final four . '' 
 yeah , and i was the king of england . 
 but i gave him a wide-eyed look . 
 `` i 'm not hating it , '' i admitted . 
 he nodded . 
 `` i 've been talking with jayme and fido this entire time . 
 they 're solid , and they 'll listen to what i say . 
 i 'm running the show in our little alliance . 
 if i say you 're in , they 'll listen . '' 
 god , this could not go better , could it ? 
 it was like he was practically stringing himself up . 
 `` so you 're going to get jayme and fido to put up marla and jendan , '' i said . 
 `` you 're not worried that the two of them are too strong together ? '' 
 he winked at me , a condescending gesture . 
 `` if they are , we can always pick off the stronger one the next week . 
 they ca n't get power a second week in a row . '' 
 `` good idea , '' i enthused . 
 `` so ... this is a big move . 
 you 're with me ? 
 if we put up marla and jendan , you 'll vote marla ? '' 
 `` i would if the house was going to , '' i told him . 
 `` i do n't want to go out on my own and then have her coming for me if she survives the vote . '' 
 `` oh , it 'll go that way , '' he said . 
 `` you watch and see . '' 
 he leaned back on the couches . 
 `` and this conversation between you and me ? 
 never happened . '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 `` i 'm serious , '' he said . 
 `` one word of this getting out , little missy , and i will deny all of it . 
 i 'll just tell them you 're starting trouble to save your hide and make sure your ass is booted out the door as quickly as possible . 
 you get me ? '' 
 oh , i get you , i thought . 
 i got all of it on tape , a ** hole . 
 `` i understand . 
 you can trust me . '' 
 `` i know i can , '' he said , chuckling . 
 `` because your back 's against a wall . 
 you 've got no options but me . '' 
 i smiled faintly . 
 just you wait . 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ the drunken revelries went on until late . 
 i tried to nap in the queen room , but being by myself was more creepy than comforting . 
 the house was spooky as hell , and i kept noticing shadows . 
 on top of that were the drunken hoots and catcalls coming from the kitchen area as the ` winners ' of the reward challenge played every drinking game known to mankind and tried to pickle their livers . 
 i was anxiously waiting for them to head to bed so i could sneak out on the porch and retrieve my tape recorder . 
 that thing held the key to me squeezing another week out of this game . 
 i just had to be careful who i shared it with . 
 jayme and fido were an obvious choice , but i did n't know them as well as i knew marla and jendan . 
 and since casper intended to split marla and jendan , it seemed smartest to go to them first and make them do the dirty work . 
 i could sit back and watch as the other teams cannibalized each other , all thanks to my tape . 
 i just had to retrieve it first . 
 the wooden floor boards of the room creaked , and my senses went on alert . 
 the hackles on the back of my neck rose , and i lay quietly in bed , dreading the sounds that would come next : footsteps . 
 sure enough , slow , methodical footsteps echoed through the room . 
 my breathing rasped , overloud in my ears . 
 how was it the guys never heard these things ? 
 the house had to be haunted . 
 that was n't my imagination . 
 it was - a heavy body landed on top of me , and the bed creaked a protest . 
 `` ooof , '' i wheezed as brodie laughed and rolled over onto the other side of me , landing on the other half of the bed . 
 `` did i scare you ? '' 
 he whispered loudly , voice slurred . 
 `` sorryboutthatkandis . '' 
 i smacked his arm with one of the pillows and then tucked it under my head again . 
 `` you 're a jerk . '' 
 `` aw , '' he said in a disappointed voice . 
 `` why are you always so mean to me ? '' 
 he was so toasted that the words were barely intelligible . 
 before i could muster a response , he pulled me against him and buried his face in my cl ** vage . 
 `` mmm . '' 
 i gave a squeak of protest , and my eyes widened . 
 i lay in bed , frozen , warring sensations tearing through me . 
 part of me wanted to shove him away . 
 part of me really , really wanted to pull him closer and see where drunk brodie would go with this . 
 my n ** ples hardened at the prospect . 
 `` mmm , kandis , '' he breathed , and he began to rub his face up and down the valley of my br ** sts . 
 `` you 're the hottest girl in this house , you know ? '' 
 `` what about jayme ? '' 
 i could n't help but ask . 
 `` your ass is way better than hers , '' he said and reached down to squeeze it . 
 `` so tight . 
 i ca n't stop staring at it . '' 
 `` and sunnie ? 
 you sure did n't seem to mind her ass , '' i sniped , even as his hands continued to run along my body . 
 `` sunnie is all look but do n't touch . '' 
 that did n't make sense to me . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 he glanced up at me and gave me a dopey , slit-eyed smile . 
 `` would n't touch her with a ten-foot pole . 
 she 's got the herp . '' 
 `` how do you know that ? '' 
 `` you ever seen her without that bright red lipstick she likes ? 
 it 's cause she 's covering up some mouth sores . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` my dick ai n't going anywhere near that . 
 ` sides , she 's kind of dumb , too . 
 she 's not smart like you . '' 
 and he rubbed his cheek against one of my br ** sts . 
 `` smart and pillowy . '' 
 i pushed his head away , rolling my eyes . 
 pillowy , my ass . 
 `` you 're drunk , brodie . '' 
 `` does n't matter , '' he said in a mopey voice . 
 `` you and me ? 
 ai n't meant to be . 
 you do n't like me . '' 
 i stilled . 
 where did he get an idea like that ? 
 `` what makes you think i do n't like you ? '' 
 oh god , his mouth was nuzzling at my stomach through my sleep shirt , and it was sending crazy sparks of arousal through my body . 
 when he did n't answer and just kept rubbing his face against me , i grabbed a handful of his hair and forced his head up to look at me . 
 `` what makes you think i do n't like you ? '' 
 i repeated . 
 he gave me a sad smile . 
 `` cause you 're always frowning at me . '' 
 was i ? 
 `` and because you watched the world races , '' he said , propping his chin on my stomach . 
 `` everyone that watched that hates me . '' 
 `` you were kind of a jerk on the show , '' i told him . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` just wanted to win . '' 
 `` and make out with a rock star . '' 
 `` that too . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` you would have done the same . '' 
 maybe . 
 maybe not . 
 `` i do n't hate you , brodie . 
 i just do n't trust you . '' 
 `` i know , '' he said , and he began to push my shirt up , trying to expose my stomach . 
 `` does n't mean we ca n't have fun , does it ? '' 
 i pushed at his hands as he maneuvered my shirt , but my efforts were half-hearted . 
 i wanted this , if i was being honest with myself . 
 a moment later , his tongue dipped and licked my navel . 
 i could n't stop the whimper that rose in my throat . 
 `` would it be so awful to make out with the bad guy , kandis ? '' 
 he whispered against my stomach . 
 `` you 're not a bad guy , brodie , '' i told him . 
 i was sounding more breathless by the moment , and i knew i should push him away because there had to be cameras filming us . 
 but i was having a hard time moving away . 
 i did n't want to go anywhere . 
 i liked his mouth on me . 
 `` i am the villain , '' brodie said and bit at the taut flesh of my stomach , causing me to suck in a breath . 
 `` that 's why they put me on this show . '' 
 his tongue licked a circle around the edge of my belly button . 
 i moaned , unable to help myself . 
 `` wan na make out with a villain ? '' 
 he offered . 
 god yes , i thought . 
 `` you 're drunk , '' i reminded him . 
 `` i ca n't trust anything you say or do when you 're drunk . '' 
 `` so you 'll make out with me if i 'm sober ? '' 
 `` you wo n't remember any of this when you 're sober . '' 
 `` so let 's make out now , '' he said , grinning up at me . 
 `` the others are all asleep . 
 i wo n't tell . '' 
 all asleep ? 
 i glanced at the small clock on the nightstand . 
 three in the morning . 
 surely the smoking area would be deserted ? 
 i might not have another chance , and i needed that tape desperately . 
 `` can we talk about this later , brodie ? '' 
 i slid out of bed . 
 `` just hold that thought , okay ? '' 
 `` sure , '' he said with a yawn . 
 `` holding that thought . '' 
 i tiptoed out of the room and shut the door behind me and then made my way out to the back door , sliding it open . 
 i winced at every creak and groan , but managed to make my way outside , pocket the recorder , and sneak back to my room without anyone seeing me . 
 when i returned to the queen room , brodie was asleep , sprawled face-down on the bed . 
 his face was soft in the low light of the room , and i moved to cover him with a blanket before i headed to the antique couch on the opposite end of the room to listen to my tape recorder . 
 even as i rewound the tape , i glanced over at brodie . 
 would he remember what he said to me tonight ? 
 or would it be lost with the morning hangover ? 
 i certainly did n't need a romantic complication in the game , not if they were already targeting couples . 
 and certainly not if one half of that potential romantic complication was notorious brodie short , the villain of last season 's world races . 
 people would think i was an idiot for hooking up with him . 
 heck , i 'd probably think the same thing about myself . 
 how could i possibly trust a man that used people to push himself ahead ? 
 so far , he had n't gone against me , but the proof was in every episode of the world races from a few months ago . 
 he 'd screwed over his own sister in that game-and turned around and hosed her again in this game . 
 brodie could n't be trusted . 
 it was just a shame i liked him so much . 
 why could n't i be all fluttery and distracted over jendan ? 
 he was trustworthy , handsome , strong , and he always had my back . 
 brodie hit on all the women , was n't trustworthy , and probably did n't have my back . 
 my taste in men needed a tune-up , that was for sure . 
 i lifted the recorder to my ear and began to listen . 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ `` toast please , '' sunnie whispered as she came into the kitchen and promptly bent over the granite countertop , laying her head on the counter . 
 `` i think i 'm going to barf . 
 again . '' 
 i shot her an amused look and dropped two more pieces of bread into the toaster . 
 one by one , the house guests had trickled into the kitchen late in the morning , hung over and needing toast . 
 since we did n't have tv , this was the closest thing to entertainment we had , and i 'd parked by the toaster with a cup of coffee to watch the show . 
 `` how 's your head ? '' 
 i asked sweetly . 
 she just moaned and squinted at the fluorescent lights overhead . 
 `` that good , eh ? '' 
 i swung my feet , thinking . 
 `` sure would suck if we had a power challenge today , would n't it ? '' 
 her red eyes widened at the thought . 
 `` you do n't think they would , do you ? '' 
 man , i sure hoped they would . 
 i did n't say that , of course . 
 i simply plucked the toast from the toaster , put the slices on a plate , and brought it over to her . 
 `` considering that they gave you the alcohol , i do n't think they would , unless they 're going for comedic effect . '' 
 sunnie picked up a square of toast and nibbled on the corner . 
 she immediately turned green and bolted for the bathroom . 
 i watched her go . 
 `` yeah , or maybe not , '' i said to myself . 
 `` not much of a challenge if six people are busy puking their guts out while the other two run wild . '' 
 i hummed to myself as i cleaned up the kitchen , my mood terrific . 
 the tape recorder was in the pocket of my jeans , and i was just waiting for marla and jendan to sober up so we could talk strategy . 
 my partner needed to sober up , too , though he was currently sawing logs in our bed . 
 as time passed and no one seemed in any particular hurry to wake up , i started to get a little more nervous . 
 my plan would n't work if i did n't have time to put it into action . 
 deciding to take the bull by the horns , i went into the attic room to visit marla and jendan . 
 they were both still in bed , pillows stuffed over their faces . 
 i knocked on the door and stepped inside . 
 `` hey , guys ? 
 do you have a minute ? '' 
 marla groaned and tugged the pillow against her face tighter . 
 `` right now ? '' 
 i might not have more time later , i thought , but did n't speak it aloud . 
 `` no time like the present , '' i said , keeping an upbeat note in my voice as i approached the side of their bed . 
 `` it 's important . '' 
 that got jendan 's attention . 
 he sat up and rubbed his eyes , focusing his gaze on me . 
 `` something wrong ? '' 
 `` you could say that . '' 
 marla sat upright and squinted at me , her short mom hairdo spiky on one side from the night 's sleep . 
 `` what is it ? 
 not the power challenge ? '' 
 `` nope , but something you need to hear before we go into the next vote . 
 it impacts everyone 's game . '' 
 that got their attention . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 jendan asked . 
 i gestured at the door . 
 `` can we get brodie ? 
 i want him to hear this . '' 
 five minutes later , jendan and marla were somewhat awake , so i steered them back to the queen room , where i 'd left brodie . 
 as soon as they filed in after me , i checked the hall to make sure no one else was around and then shut the door and locked it . 
 in the room , brodie was still snoring , flat on his back this time , arms sprawled wide . 
 i moved to his side and gave him a gentle shake . 
 `` hey , wake up . '' 
 he immediately wrapped his arms around my waist and tried to drag me down next to him . 
 `` mmmm . 
 come back to bed . '' 
 `` brodie , do n't . '' 
 i pulled out of his arms , shooting an embarrassed look at jendan and marla . 
 `` you 're still drunk and we have company . '' 
 `` i 'm not drunk , baby , '' he murmured , and one eye cracked open . 
 `` you are if you 're calling me ` baby . ' 
 wake up . '' 
 i ignored the suspicious looks jendan and marla were giving me . 
 shit . 
 if they thought i had a relationship with brodie , this could make things difficult . 
 `` do n't be weird . '' 
 `` weird , huh ? '' 
 he scrubbed at his face and peered at the two standing behind me , as if just now realizing we were n't alone . 
 `` hey guys . '' 
 `` i brought them in here because we all need to have a discussion , '' i told him , moving to a corner of the bed-away from brodie 's arms-and sitting down , a leg curled under me . 
 `` i found out some interesting things when you guys were drunk last night . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 marla glanced around and grabbed the nearest chair . 
 jendan continued standing , arms crossed , though he stood near marla 's chair . 
 `` good interesting or bad interesting ? '' 
 she looked uneasy . 
 i forced a laugh . 
 `` is n't all ` interesting ' bad in this game ? '' 
 brodie sat up , yawning . 
 `` so what is it ? '' 
 i took a deep breath and then laid it all out on the table . 
 `` i had a long talk with casper last night . 
 he 's going to talk jayme and fido into nominating you guys because he wants to make a big move and stir things up . 
 once you guys are up on the block , marla 's going to be the one to go . '' 
 marla 's gasp was audible . 
 `` me ? 
 what did i do ? '' 
 `` you 're the stronger player , '' i said simply . 
 `` you have kids , so you 're more approachable , and you 're less of a threat in competitions , so he 's worried you 're going to fly under the radar to the very end . '' 
 she looked at jendan , frowning . 
 `` should we ... '' he shrugged at her . 
 `` tell them . 
 wo n't hurt anything at this point . '' 
 she glanced back at me . 
 `` we 've already talked with jayme and fido . 
 they said they were nominating you two and that you 'd be going home , kandis . 
 the plan 's to keep brodie . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i know . 
 casper told me . 
 but then he changed his mind . '' 
 marla 's motherly expression became shrewd . 
 `` you know we could go to him and ask him which story is the truth . 
 you might be lying . '' 
 `` yeah , i thought you might say that . '' 
 hiding my budding excitement , i pulled the small hand-held recorder out of my pocket . 
 `` which is why i thought you might want to hear this for yourself . '' 
 this time , the room was dead silent . 
 after a long moment , marla spoke . 
 `` you 've been recording us ? 
 are you serious ? '' 
 brodie just looked confused . 
 `` so we 're telling everyone about the recordings , now ? '' 
 marla gave my partner a dirty look . 
 i gestured at the silent jendan . '' 
 jendan gave this to me . 
 it was in the ghost-hunting equipment , remember ? 
 you 're supposed to use it to capture evps but i noticed that it also captures conversations pretty well . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe you 've been recording us ! '' 
 marla was pissed , two bright spots of color in her wan cheeks . 
 `` that is so shady ! '' 
 `` it 's to your benefit , '' i told her . 
 `` because if i had n't , you guys would be going home in the next nomination . 
 just listen , okay ? '' 
 and i clicked the recorder on so it could start at the beginning of the conversation i 'd had with casper . 
 i let the damning evidence play , not stopping it to add commentary . 
 even hearing it sounded awesome-casper spilling all of his plans and me quietly agreeing and listening as he plotted against everyone , even the people he was supposedly aligned with . 
 i glanced at the other three people in the room as it played , gauging their reactions . 
 marla 's face was flushed , though i did n't know if it was anger or embarrassment . 
 jendan was impassive , and brodie was listening with a thoughtful expression on his face . 
 the last few moments of the conversation played back , casper 's voice not stealthy in the slightest . 
 `` so ... this is a big move . 
 you 're with me ? 
 if we put up marla and jendan , you 'll vote marla ? '' 
 my voice . 
 `` i would if the house was going to . 
 i do n't want to go out on my own and then have her gunning for me if she survives the vote . '' 
 `` oh , it 'll go that way . 
 you watch and see . 
 and this conversation between you and me ? 
 never happened . '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 `` i 'm serious . 
 one word of this getting out , little missy , and i will deny all of it . 
 i 'll just tell them you 're starting trouble to save your hide and make sure your ass is booted out the door as quickly as possible . 
 you get me ? '' 
 `` i understand . 
 you can trust me . '' 
 casper sounded disgustingly confident . 
 smug , even . 
 `` i know i can . 
 because your back 's against a wall . 
 you 've got no options but me . '' 
 i clicked the tape recorder off and waited . 
 brodie was the first to speak . 
 `` he threatened you ? 
 that f ** king a ** hole . 
 i should go have a nice long talk with him - '' `` no , '' i said quickly . 
 aw , hell . 
 this was exactly the way i did n't want the conversation to go . 
 `` do n't say anything . 
 let him believe everything is on the up and up . '' 
 i looked over at marla and jendan . 
 `` what are you guys thinking ? '' 
 `` i 'm pissed , '' marla said . 
 her arms crossed over her chest . 
 `` and how can we trust you , kandis ? 
 you sat there and recorded him spilling his guts . 
 and on tape , you 're agreeing to vote me off . 
 how can i trust you not to ? '' 
 `` marla , come on . 
 think for a moment . '' 
 i scooted forward on the bed , tossing the recorder down . 
 `` if i wanted to go through with his plan , why would i say anything to you ? 
 anything to any of you ? '' 
 i gestured at all three of them . 
 `` we had the votes to get marla out even before i said anything . 
 me , sunnie , casper , jayme and fido . 
 that 's five . 
 you 'd be toast before you even knew what happened . 
 as for trusting me , i 'm coming to you with this information so we can switch it up . 
 i want to work with you guys . 
 jendan and i have been allied since day one . 
 i do n't intend on changing that . 
 in fact , i want the four people in the room here to go to the end together . '' 
 silence . 
 after a moment , marla said , `` brodie , you 're constantly flirting with sunnie and jayme . '' 
 her mouth turned into a prim line . 
 `` not to mention your partner here . 
 how do we know you 're willing to partner to the end ? '' 
 i looked at brodie . 
 that was a good question , and one i would n't mind the answer to as well . 
 brodie only grinned . 
 `` my strategy coming in was to flirt . 
 i think it 's doing pretty well for me so far . 
 but kandis is my girl . 
 i 'm with her . 
 she 's got my back , and i have hers . 
 the other two are just harmless flirting . 
 as long as they 're with me , they 're not against me . '' 
 jendan said nothing , but marla harrumphed again . 
 `` so how do we trust you ? '' 
 `` you either do or you do n't , '' brodie said , still smiling . 
 `` sounds like i 'm safe either way . '' 
 `` yeah , great , '' she snapped . 
 `` look , let 's calm down , '' jendan said . 
 `` i trust kandis . 
 like she said , she 's had my back since day one . 
 she 's shared information to help keep me-keep us-safe . '' 
 `` has she , '' brodie murmured speculatively , glancing over at me . 
 `` you know this , '' i told him . 
 we 'd even argued about it . 
 he leaned in . 
 `` yeah , but i 'm just curious how much sharing has been going on . '' 
 i rolled my eyes at his accusation . 
 i 'd deal with brodie later . 
 right now i needed to concentrate on the other team , not mine . 
 i clasped my hands and gave marla and jendan a beseeching look . 
 `` so can we please , please work together ? 
 i think if the four of us come together , we can surprise all of them and take control of this game . 
 we just have to make sure that we stick together . '' 
 `` so how do we do this ? '' 
 marla asked me , still skeptical . 
 `` you must have an idea . '' 
 `` i do , '' i said slowly , doing my best not to twitch . 
 `` but i need your help . 
 i need you two to go to jayme and fido and tell them that you want them to nominate casper and sunnie . '' 
 `` why not you ? '' 
 marla asked . 
 `` you 're the one with the tape . '' 
 `` i am . 
 i 'm also the current nominee of choice . 
 do n't you think it 'll look a bit fishy if i go to them and beg for my life ? 
 it 'll look less sneaky if it comes from you guys , and then our alliance can fly under the radar . '' 
 `` and what do we tell fido and jayme ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` tell them the truth-that you overheard a conversation with casper where he was saying he wanted to vote one of them out . 
 let paranoia do the rest . '' 
 marla and jendan exchanged a glance . 
 after a moment , marla put her hand out . 
 `` i think i want the tape recorder back . '' 
 i got up and brought it to her . 
 `` i 'm not doing this to screw you guys . 
 i promise . 
 i know that if we work together , we can get to the final four . '' 
 marla stood up and looked at her partner again and then back to me . 
 `` you know we 're going to have to discuss this privately before we come to an agreement . '' 
 i nodded . 
 of course . 
 `` just ... if you guys decide to try and use this to vote me out , let me know first , okay ? '' 
 `` we will , '' jendan said . 
 `` and thanks for letting us know , kandis . '' 
 `` you can trust me , '' i assured him . 
 he smiled at me and nodded and then left the room with marla . 
 as soon as they exited the queen room , i turned back to brodie , who had a frown on his face . 
 `` sooo , when were you planning on telling your partner about this big plan of yours ? '' 
 brodie asked me , his expression deliberately casual . 
 i gave him my most innocent look . 
 `` right now ? '' 
 `` uh huh . '' 
 `` i 'm serious . 
 i was going to tell you , but i needed to get everyone together before the rest of the house got up and found out what we were doing . '' 
 `` oh , i believe you . '' 
 he raised an eyebrow in my direction . 
 `` i 'm just curious what information you 've been passing jendan to make sure he 's safe . '' 
 i went back to the bed and sat on the edge . 
 `` i said something during the first vote about not being last in the reward challenge , remember . '' 
 `` and that 's all ? '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 to be honest , there were so many secrets flying back and forth , i was starting to lose track of what had been told to whom . 
 `` just as long as we 're sneaky together , and not sneaky against each other . '' 
 `` all scheming is done with you . 
 i promise . '' 
 i gave him a mock salute and then winked . 
 `` at least ... all the scheming you know about . '' 
 `` oh yeah ? '' 
 brodie grabbed me by the waist and began to tickle me . 
 i squealed with laughter . 
 chapter six `` is it weird that the sneakier kandis is , the more it turns me on ? 
 i figure i 'm going to be a mess by the time we get to the finale . '' 
 - brodie short , day 18 seated on the couch next to me , brodie planted a hand on my knee and leaned over to murmur in my ear . 
 `` you 're practically vibrating . 
 stop it . '' 
 i pried his hand up off my knee , finger by finger . 
 secretly , i kind of liked his hand there , but the others were watching . 
 `` i ca n't help it . 
 i 'm nervous . 
 you know i get nervous at these things . '' 
 `` yeah , but you 're telegraphing . 
 calm down . '' 
 i exhaled noisily and straightened my loose , ruffled shirt . 
 for the vote that week , i 'd chosen to wear a pair of black skinny jeans , a black tank top , and a filmy white poet 's shirt that was two sizes too large and belted high at the waist . 
 with my long , dark hair , i thought it was a good look . 
 kind of low-key but still feminine . 
 i could n't do a skin-tight dress every week like sunnie-for one , i did n't have enough dresses . 
 and two , i 'd probably fidget so hard or cross my legs so often that i 'd end up flashing my panties to the viewing audience . 
 jeans were just a safer bet . 
 i crossed my legs again and gave brodie a mutinous look and then straightened one of my ruffled sleeves . 
 `` i 'm allowed to be anxious . '' 
 `` just play it cool , '' he said , grinning in my direction as if i 'd said something clever . 
 how he always managed to look like he was having a good time was beyond me . 
 i was practically prancing in my seat with the jitters . 
 when we got back from the commercial break , we 'd hear the week 's nominations . 
 jayme and fido sat at the front of the group , their faces completely impassive . 
 they would n't look at me and brodie or at casper and sunnie . 
 marla had assured me that she 'd told them about casper 's treachery and said that she 'd shared the tape recorder . 
 she 'd said they 'd been furious at casper 's play-making and inability to keep his mouth shut . 
 they had n't said anything to me , though , and despite jendan and marla 's assurances , i did n't know how the vote would go tonight . 
 i could very well be going home despite all the scrambling . 
 they could still nominate brodie and me despite the behind-the-scenes work i 'd been doing this week , and if that happened , i was out the door . 
 i 'd get a little cash for coming in eighth , but not enough . 
 i could n't go home yet . 
 i toyed with one of the ruffles on my shirt absently and then froze when the tv 's logo screen disappeared and becky bradley 's big hair and big teeth filled the screen . 
 `` hello , house guests ! 
 are you ready for the nominations ? '' 
 we all clapped . 
 `` jayme , fido , '' becky said in her smooth voice . 
 `` please stand and nominate a team for eviction . '' 
 jayme bounced to her feet and straightened her sun dress and then looked at her partner . 
 fido stood at her side with his arms crossed , a wary look on his face . 
 he nodded at his partner , and jayme clasped her hands and turned to us . 
 `` this week 's decision was a difficult one . '' 
 oh god . 
 they were going to put me up . 
 i just knew it . 
 `` whenever you put someone up for eviction , you have to weigh a lot of things . 
 not only who you 're getting rid of , but who you 're keeping . 
 and some people are just too dangerous to keep around for long , or you 're going to be writing them a check for the money . '' 
 i felt sick to my stomach . 
 she gave the group of contestants a wary smile . 
 `` so that 's why we 're putting sunnie and casper up for eviction . 
 nothing personal , guys . 
 just strategy . '' 
 with that , jayme and fido sat down . 
 stunned and trying to hide my delight , i looked over at sunnie and casper . 
 they were shocked . 
 no , beyond shocked . 
 sunnie looked ready to cry , and casper just looked furious . 
 he shot an angry glance over at me , but i looked away . 
 it was either that or giggle aloud with sheer relief . 
 i was safe for another week . 
 brodie 's hand touched my knee again in warning , and i squeezed his hand back , acknowledging it . 
 be cool . 
 i could be cool . 
 totally . 
 `` the nominees may now give their speeches to plead with their house mates for their vote , '' becky said . 
 sunnie stood , and blubbered something about being everyone 's friend and how she wanted to stay . 
 i was n't paying much attention . 
 i was too focused on not giving away anything . 
 be still . 
 no fidgeting . 
 certainly no smiling . 
 the inside of my cheek was going to be swollen given how hard i was biting it . 
 when sunnie was done with her speech , casper stood and looked right at me . 
 `` i 'll save my words , except to say that everyone in this house will get what 's coming to them . '' 
 he thumped back into his seat . 
 `` we 'll start the voting . 
 kandis , you will vote first . '' 
 oh thank goodness . 
 i bolted up out of my seat and headed to the confessional . 
 i kept my head down as i headed to the booth and managed to keep my cool until i shut the confessional door behind me . 
 then , i squealed aloud and did a happy dance . 
 safe another week ! 
 safe ! 
 one step closer to the million ! 
 `` kandis , please be seated , '' becky said over the intercom , but i could hear a hint of laughter in her voice . 
 i stopped my crazy dancing and smoothed my hair . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 i slid into the big easy chair in front of the cameras . 
 `` please cast your vote . '' 
 `` totally voting for casper , becky , '' i said with a wide grin . 
 `` and if he asks who nailed him , you can tell him it was all me . 
 nothing personal , just doing it for mom . '' 
 she chuckled . 
 `` thank you for your vote , kandis . 
 please go sit down with the rest of the group now . '' 
 with one last delighted shimmy , i straightened my clothing and headed back out to the others . 
 five long , tense minutes later , the votes were in and casper was marched out of the house . 
 he did n't hug anyone or offer encouraging words to the rest of us . 
 in true sore loser fashion , he simply grabbed his bag and headed out the door . 
 as soon as he was out , the intercom clicked on . 
 `` contestants , you have ten minutes to get ready for the next power play . '' 
 we surged into action , changing clothes and pulling up hair . 
 as i headed into the bathroom , marla gave me a grin and put up her hand . 
 i high-fived her . 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ `` tonight 's power play is the wheel of misfortunes , '' jayme called out , reading from one of the cue-cards left for us . 
 `` since fido and i had power this week , we will not be competing . 
 that means that there will be five of you competing , and as of right now ... '' she paused dramatically and then glanced up at all of us . 
 `` you are now officially playing as singles . '' 
 we cheered , excited . 
 i cheered maybe a little less enthusiastically than the others . 
 why did i have a weird feeling about this ? 
 why did i twinge with unhappiness at the thought of brodie no longer being my partner ? 
 brodie was untrustworthy . 
 he was a player and a liar . 
 so why did i feel like i was going to miss him ? 
 weird . 
 jayme gestured at the large game wheel in the center of the challenge area and continued to read . 
 `` on my word , fido will spin the wheel . '' 
 i eyed the wheel itself . 
 it was an enormous wooden circle , painted like something out of wheel of fortune , with ` pie ' pieces of varying colors . 
 each colored slice of the board had a question-mark on it , no doubt a card covering what laid underneath . 
 on the far end of the challenge area , neat colored boxes were lined up on tables . 
 across from the wheel was a scoreboard with our names on it , and we stood lined up in the middle . 
 next to me , sunnie kept wiping her red-rimmed eyes and sniffing loudly , still upset about the vote . 
 i gave her an encouraging pat on the arm , feeling bad for her . 
 i 'd talk with her later , let her know she was never the target . 
 maybe that would help her hurt feelings . 
 `` fido will spin the wheel , '' jayme said , still reading , `` and a dare will be revealed . 
 you will each have five minutes to perform your dare . 
 fail to perform the dare and you are out of the challenge . 
 complete the dare , and you receive a point . 
 the first person to three points wins the power for the week . 
 if we have a tie , we 'll have a faceoff between those contestants . 
 is everyone ready ? '' 
 `` ready ! '' 
 we chorused . 
 `` then spin the wheel of misfortunes , fido , '' jayme called triumphantly , waving her card with a flourish . 
 she moved to the scoreboard , ready to mark points . 
 fido grinned and gave the wheel a jerk , sending it flying around . 
 we watched in anticipation as the wheel clattered around and eventually came to a stop on a slice of yellow . 
 fido reached up and removed the question mark card , revealing the words underneath . 
 `` milkshake of madness , '' he read aloud . 
 jayme reached for her card and then pointed at a yellow box nearby . 
 `` the milkshake of madness is a yummy and delicious treat that contains twenty unique ingredients . '' 
 she sauntered over to the yellow table and revealed five tall soda glasses , all frosted from the ingredients within . 
 she picked up the card on the table and began to read . 
 `` every ten seconds , i will name off another unique ingredient and finding out what 's in the milkshake just might turn your stomach . 
 your entire glass must be chugged within the five minute allotment . 
 fail to do so and you will be removed from the challenge . '' 
 i cast a worried look at brodie , who stood on my opposite side . 
 `` if there are bugs , i 'm going to be really sick . '' 
 `` just do n't think about it , '' he told me . 
 he did a little jog in place and leaned his head from side to side , as if readying for a round in the boxing ring instead of simply drinking something . 
 `` you can do this , kandis . '' 
 at the far end of the line , jendan took his glass from jayme and immediately put a hand up , flinching . 
 `` oh my god . 
 it smells like beef jerky . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i 'm out . '' 
 `` oh , you and your sensitive stomach , '' marla protested ... until she was handed her glass . 
 then she looked a little ill herself . 
 `` that smells really bad . '' 
 she held the shake at arm 's length . 
 sunnie took hers without a word of protest . 
 i took mine , examining it . 
 there was a thick , pinkish-yellow sludge inside the glass . 
 an oily residue gleamed on top . 
 i sniffed it and sure enough , it did smell like beef jerky . 
 oh , i did not want that to go in my mouth . 
 i swallowed hard and watched as brodie took his glass , sniffed it , and made a face . 
 `` this shit 's nasty . '' 
 `` feel free to drop out , '' marla called . 
 `` i 'll start you out with the first ingredient : milk . 
 countdown starts in three ... two ... one , '' jayme called , and she clicked a stop-watch around her neck . 
 `` go ! '' 
 we lifted our glasses . 
 well , all of us except jendan . 
 true to his word , he put his full glass down . 
 `` i 'm not drinking that . 
 i wo n't be able to keep it down . '' 
 he moved to the side and sat out as i took my first tentative sip of the drink . 
 it was awful . 
 rancid , meaty flavors mixed with god knew what else swirled through my mouth and left an oily taste behind . 
 there were chunks , too , and i immediately pressed fingertips to my mouth to keep from vomiting . 
 just downing the first mouthful was difficult . 
 `` second ingredient , '' jayme called . 
 `` ice to blend your milkshake . '' 
 i finally swallowed , grimacing , and eyed my glass . 
 it had barely gone down . 
 ugh . 
 `` third ingredient-chicken skin . '' 
 marla made a gagging noise down the line . 
 i eyed my drink warily , then took another small sip . 
 if anything , it tasted worse . 
 `` next ingredient , '' jayme called . 
 `` pork rinds . '' 
 my gorge rose . 
 i struggled for a moment and nearly lost it when i took another whiff of the drink . 
 god , the smell -lrb- and finding out what was in it -rrb- was truly the worst . 
 i took another small sip . 
 `` next ingredient is lard . '' 
 marla moaned , clearly ill . 
 i looked over at sunnie , but she had her nose pinched and her eyes closed , and she was slowly downing the horrid cocktail . 
 that was n't a bad idea . 
 i pinched my own nose to block the smell and took another tentative sip . 
 it was still awful , but not as stomach-curdling as before . 
 holding my nose tightly closed , i took a big mouthful and chugged , then shuddered as it went down . 
 i could do this . 
 as i slowly drank the shake , jayme continued to call out ingredients , delighted at our reactions . 
 the list was horrific : cottage cheese , butter , cat food , horseradish , raw egg , beer , sardines , pickles , caramel , duck liver pate , and caviar . 
 when they mentioned caviar , marla made a choked noise of distress and put down her shake then ran off the stage . 
 she was out . 
 `` next ingredient , jalapenos , '' jayme called after her . 
 fido laughed . 
 at my side , brodie burped . 
 i looked over just in time to see him wipe his mouth and set his now-empty glass down . 
 he was done . 
 `` good job , '' jayme called , and she and fido clapped . 
 `` brodie 's the first one finished . 
 anyone else ? '' 
 `` still drinking , '' sunnie said breathlessly . 
 i nodded , grimacing around my latest swallow . 
 `` you guys have two minutes left , '' jayme said . 
 `` which brings me to the next ingredient ... escargot . '' 
 my stomach heaved . 
 snails ? 
 bugs ? 
 god , i hated bugs . 
 `` come on , '' brodie murmured . 
 `` you can do it , kandis . 
 you 're over halfway through . 
 do n't think , just drink . '' 
 my mind was picturing slimy little snails , though , leaving mucus trails up and down the inside of my glass . 
 i had to pause , breathing hard . 
 next to me , sunnie put down her glass and wiped the corners of her mouth delicately . 
 `` done . '' 
 i was the last one . 
 `` molasses , '' jayme called out . 
 `` see , that 's not so bad , '' brodie encouraged . 
 `` just chug the rest and think of molasses , kandis . 
 if i can drink it , you can , too . '' 
 i nodded , breathing deeply . 
 chug . 
 i could chug . 
 i could do this . 
 i already had half of the snail soup in my stomach . 
 what was a bit more ? 
 i pinched my nose hard and lifted the glass of chunky , greasy pink garbage to my mouth and took another big mouthful . 
 `` shrimp , '' jayme called out . 
 immediately , everything in my mouth tasted like shrimp . 
 liquid shrimp . 
 it was not a good taste . 
 i squeezed my eyes shut , valiantly trying to swallow . 
 it would n't go down . 
 i had to stroke my throat to try and encourage it to behave . 
 a long , tense moment passed , and there was nothing but silence . 
 everyone was watching to see if i 'd finish drinking . 
 i was starting to doubt if i could . 
 i still had a third of my glass left and my stomach was starting to churn painfully . 
 `` thirty seconds left , '' jayme called . 
 `` come on , kandis . 
 you 've come this far , '' brodie encouraged . 
 `` hurry up and drink . 
 you can do this . 
 i know you can . '' 
 i nodded , eyeing the rest of the drink . 
 thirty seconds to swallow what was left . 
 i took a big mouthful , tipping the glass back to get the rest of it in my mouth , and shuddered when a big clump of thicker stuff slid in after the rest . 
 grimacing and gagging , i somehow managed to get that last mouthful down . 
 my glass thumped to the table just as the stopwatch beeped . 
 `` all right , '' jayme said . 
 `` kandis , brodie , and sunnie all go to the next round . 
 i 'll give you guys a moment to recover . '' 
 `` can we go throw up ? '' 
 sunnie asked in a small voice . 
 jayme shrugged . 
 `` does n't say anything against it in the rules here . '' 
 `` oh , good , '' i breathed . 
 sunnie and i both raced to the bathroom , entering just as marla was leaving . 
 five horrible minutes later , we 'd both puked out guts out , rinsed our mouths , and returned to the challenge area . 
 brodie was sitting off to the side , chatting with the others , seemingly unfazed by the awful milkshake we 'd just drank . 
 sunnie , brodie , and i lined up for the next challenge . 
 i winced when fido spun the wheel again , watching the colored panels spin past . 
 i noticed that the milkshake panel was still up , and cringed at the thought of getting that challenge again . 
 to my intense relief , the spinner landed on a blue panel . 
 fido removed the question mark and announced the word underneath . 
 `` makeover . '' 
 `` uh oh , '' brodie said with a laugh . 
 `` the girls are n't going to like this . '' 
 he was right about that . 
 i was already frowning . 
 they were going to do their best to make us look heinous on tv , were n't they ? 
 but i 'd suck it up and deal with it . 
 even if i had to wear clown makeup all day , i could do that if it got me one step closer to power . 
 `` do n't you worry about us , '' sunnie said in a determined voice . 
 `` i 'm going to win this . 
 it 's my turn to nominate someone and that person can see how it feels to have a turn in the chair . '' 
 and she looked right at me . 
 all right , then . 
 it was clear she was going to hold a grudge , and that grudge was going to have my name all over it . 
 realizing that sunnie was out to get me upped my determination . 
 i 'd just have to win this round to ensure that i was safe . 
 jayme went to the blue table and picked up the card there and then read the instructions aloud . 
 `` makeover booths have been set up in the back of the challenge area . 
 when i say go , you will each go to a booth and complete the makeover look there with the materials provided . 
 you will have five minutes to complete the makeover . 
 if you do not complete it , you will not move on to the next round . '' 
 we nodded . 
 `` everyone ready ? 
 okay then ... go ! '' 
 the three of us raced for the booths at the far end of the challenge area . 
 i approached mine and pulled back the bright blue curtain , noticing there was a big door on the other side-this was the same soundproof booth i 'd been in when the show started . 
 i stepped inside and closed the door . 
 the back wall was a mirror , and a camera was planted in one corner of the booth . 
 on the desk in front of me was a folder labeled `` makeover instructions '' and a box to the right of it . 
 i opened the folder ... and gasped . 
 the picture was of a woman , seated . 
 her hair was a mohawk . 
 no way . 
 frantic , i opened the box to the right of the picture . 
 inside was an electric shaver , a pair of scissors and a bottle of hair gel . 
 i stared at the mirror and at my long , dark waves of hair . 
 it reached the middle of my back . 
 it had taken years to grow it out this long , and now they wanted me to cut it ? 
 i could refuse . 
 walk out of the booth at the end of the five minutes and take my seat with the others . 
 jendan had n't tried the milkshake , after all . 
 but sunnie wanted to win , and she wanted to put me up for eviction . 
 i knew that if i went up on the block , i 'd be the one going home . 
 i eyed the picture one more time . 
 it was a thick mohawk , at least . 
 the entire top of the girl 's head was long hair , but the sides were completely shaven . 
 at least one part of my hair would remain long . 
 well , long-ish . 
 i picked up the electric razor and stared at it unhappily . 
 if i did n't cut my hair , would it cost me the million dollars ? 
 it was just hair , right ? 
 vanity was n't worth the price of going home , was it ? 
 i squeezed my eyes shut . 
 `` mom , i 'm doing this for you . '' 
 and i turned on the razor . 
 five minutes later , i emerged from the booth , still in shock . 
 my long hair lay on the bottom of the booth . 
 the hair on my head was shaved against my scalp on the sides , and the top was a handspan long . 
 i 'd spiked it with the hair gel and dug my fingernails into my palms to keep from crying at how awful my reflection looked . 
 the only thing that kept me going was the thought of how sunnie would look with a mohawk . 
 the celebutante had to be upset over cutting her own long hair . 
 gasps filled the air as i stepped out with my new haircut , and i gave the bench a thin smile . 
 jendan was clapping for me , grinning . 
 marla and jayme looked shocked , and fido looked like he wanted to laugh . 
 the booth next to me opened , and brodie stepped out , his hair spiked into a shorter version of the mohawk . 
 it actually did n't look all that different from his normal haircut , which he kept short on the sides anyhow . 
 his would grow out in time . 
 but he threw a pair of devil-horns in the air and headbanged like he 'd done something incredible and then turned to high-five me . 
 i gave him the world 's limpest high five back . 
 at least i was still in this competition . 
 the third booth opened , and sunnie stepped out . 
 her long red hair was intact . 
 i frowned , my hands going to my hips . 
 `` you 've got to be kidding me . '' 
 `` it looks like sunnie has bailed out of the competition , '' jayme announced . 
 `` please have a seat with the other losers . '' 
 she gave a toss of her hair . 
 `` i refuse to look ugly on national tv . 
 sorry . '' 
 i flinched at her words and resisted the urge to touch my hair . 
 that little liar . 
 she 'd said she would do anything to win . 
 guess not . 
 i looked over at brodie . 
 he winked at me and gave me a thumbs-up . 
 i was glad one of us was feeling good about how things were going . 
 `` this competition is down to brodie and kandis , '' jayme announced . 
 `` they will go head to head in the next round , and the winner gets the power play for the week ! '' 
 she gave a flourish of her hand . 
 `` spin that wheel , fido ! '' 
 he spun , and i crossed my fingers , hard . 
 i did n't think i could take another makeover . 
 or another milkshake . 
 i held my breath , watching as the wheel slowly spun around . 
 please be an obstacle course of some kind . 
 i can do that . 
 the wheel landed on purple . 
 fido lifted the card and read . 
 `` make your momma proud . '' 
 jayme went over to the purple table and picked up the card there . 
 `` this challenge is both easy and difficult , '' she read . 
 `` it 's easy , because all you have to do is tear off all your clothes and streak across the challenge area nak * d . 
 it 's difficult , because it involves being nak * d ! 
 but if you do it , you 'll win the power play . 
 you both have five minutes to complete this challenge . 
 and do n't worry-any nak * d bits will be blurred out for national tv . 
 ready ? '' 
 she clicked the stopwatch . 
 `` go ! '' 
 i stood there , my jaw hanging slightly open . 
 sunnie smirked at me from the sidelines . 
 of course she was smirking . 
 not only did she have a full head of hair , but she was n't going to have to get nak * d on national tv . 
 i looked over at brodie , but he had n't moved a muscle yet . 
 he was watching me , his gaze curious . 
 i crossed my arms over my chest . 
 `` what if we both refuse to do this ? '' 
 `` then we all start over , '' jayme said . 
 `` everyone re-enters the competition . '' 
 `` fuck that , '' brodie said , and began to strip off his athletic shorts . 
 the others laughed , cheering and clapping , encouraging him on . 
 i remained frozen in place . 
 brodie was going to do it to ensure one of us would win . 
 if i took off all my clothes and streaked , i 'd get to go on to the next round . 
 and then what ? 
 more milkshakes ? 
 shave my head completely bald ? 
 do a nak * d dance ? 
 i shuddered . 
 my hands went to the hem of my shirt and ... i stopped . 
 i could n't do it . 
 i swallowed hard , feeling sick all over again even though my stomach was empty . 
 i 'd come this far . 
 could i strip to win ? 
 i looked over . 
 brodie was down to his underwear , his clothing pooled around his feet . 
 he put his hands on the waistband of his boxers and then paused , glancing over at me . 
 waiting to see if i was going to do it . 
 `` i ca n't , '' i murmured thickly . 
 i 'm sorry , mom . 
 `` i ca n't get nak * d on national tv . '' 
 `` i can , '' brodie announced . 
 down went his boxers . 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ we 'd drawn straws to see who 'd end up in what rooms since we were down to seven contestants . 
 brodie had the power room , of course . 
 marla and jendan had taken the queen room , and sunnie offered to pile into the mirror room with jayme and fido because she was scared to sleep in the attic room by herself . 
 we were n't in pairs anymore , but people felt comfortable with their partners . 
 brodie was practically doing flips with excitement as he waited to get the key . 
 there was always a delay in the passing of the key from one team to another , as crews moved in to clean the room between occupants and filled it with personal items that the winning cast member would enjoy . 
 so he waited in the living room , chatting with the others enthusiastically and laughing at some of the jokes fido was telling . 
 i was n't feeling particularly social , though . 
 as we waited for a room , i grabbed my bag , stuffed full of my things , and headed to the bathrooms to see if anything could be done with my hair . 
 i refuse to look ugly on national tv , sunnie had said . 
 i showered to wash the stiff gel out of my hair , changed into my favorite yoga pants and a sloppy t-shirt , and then played with my wet hair . 
 if i brushed it all to one side , it did n't look like a mohawk so much . 
 mostly like it was shaved on one side and then just long on the other . 
 it made my face look long and skinny , though . 
 i hated it . 
 i 'd loved my long hair . 
 and i 'd cut it all for nothing . 
 i had n't even won the challenge . 
 `` got the keys , '' brodie called out to me from the living room . 
 `` come on , kandis ! '' 
 giving my horrible hair one last unhappy look in the mirror , i shouldered my bag and headed back out to the others , trying to mask my misery . 
 everyone was heading up the stairs to check out brodie 's room , so i followed them up silently . 
 i hung in the back as everyone crowded in , admiring the decor . 
 the room was switched up depending on who won , and the room today was set up in a 70s psychedelic funk . 
 a thick white faux-fur carpet was on the ground , and an enormous bed filled the center of the room . 
 black light posters hung on the walls , and lava lamps were on each dresser . 
 ropes of beads hung in the doorway from the bedroom to the private bathroom . 
 a mini-fridge complete with a basket of food was in one corner . 
 `` swanky , '' fido said with a grin . 
 `` it 's like they knew your personality , man . '' 
 `` 70s p * rn star ? '' 
 jendan joked . 
 brodie just laughed . 
 `` they must have picked this stuff with me in mind . '' 
 he thumped a finger on a lava lamp and then glanced over at me . 
 i was silent as the others chatted and laughed , examining brodie 's room and picking through his things . 
 they exclaimed over the basket of treats and the fridge full of beer , and it was like a party all over again . 
 i sat down on the edge of the bed with my bag and grabbed one of the fringed pillows , hugging it as i watched the others . 
 they drank beer , ate brodie 's chips , and laughed and chatted for what seemed like forever . 
 after a time , brodie yawned and then waved at the door . 
 `` okay , time for me to go to sleep . 
 all ya 'll get out of here . '' 
 he sent them out with bottles of beer to assuage any hard feelings , and finally the door was closed after the last person . 
 when we were alone , he turned to me where i sat on the bed . 
 `` you okay , kandis ? '' 
 i nodded , lying . 
 i was n't okay , but it also was n't something i could describe to a guy . 
 i feel ugly and stupid because we cut my hair into this horrible mess and i got nothing out of it . 
 i 'd heard that there was shock after you cut long hair , and right now , i was feeling pretty devastated . 
 and even though i told myself i would n't cry , a tear trailed down my cheek . 
 angry , i swiped it away . 
 `` hey , hey , '' brodie said , concerned . 
 he slid closer to me on the bed and pulled me against him . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` i 'm just being stupid , '' i told him shakily , rubbing my hands on my face to wipe it clean . 
 `` just ignore me . '' 
 `` i ca n't ignore you , kandis . 
 not when you 're crying . 
 tell me what 's wrong . 
 i 'm your partner . '' 
 he looked so earnest that i softened . 
 was this just another mask worn by deceitful , lying brodie short ? 
 the roguish devil out to claw his way to the top and get the money ? 
 the thought of his kindness being an act hurt to think about . 
 he gave me a squeeze of encouragement , his muscular arms around me . 
 `` are you homesick ? 
 did someone say something awful to you ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` are you crying because you drank snails ? '' 
 i laughed , though it came out as a half-sob . 
 `` thanks for reminding me . '' 
 `` that 's what i 'm here for , '' he said with an easy grin . 
 `` to be your partner and make you laugh . '' 
 `` we 're not partners anymore , '' i pointed out sourly . 
 `` as far as i 'm concerned , we 're partners until one of us cashes that million dollar check . 
 now seriously , what 's wrong , kandis ? 
 you 're worrying me . '' 
 `` it 's silly , '' i said in a shaky voice . 
 `` but ... i hate my hair . '' 
 to his credit , he did n't laugh . 
 `` your hair was really pretty . '' 
 that just made me feel worse . 
 `` it was , '' i said , and began to weep all over again . 
 `` and now i 'm ugly , and it 's worse because i 'm on national tv . '' 
 `` you 're not ugly , '' brodie soothed . 
 his hand rubbed up and down my back , comforting me even as he hugged me close . 
 `` sunnie said she did n't do it because she did n't want to be ugly . '' 
 he snorted . 
 `` sunnie did n't do it because it would mess up her extensions . 
 you think all that red hair is natural ? 
 please . '' 
 i wrinkled my nose . 
 `` you think ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 that 's why she never gets her hair wet when she swims . 
 you just watch her . '' 
 i nodded and pressed my cheek to his chest , inhaling his scent . 
 brodie smelled like a hint of sweat and a delicious , musky , masculine scent . 
 he smelled good . 
 comforting . 
 `` might i remind you that sunnie flirts with every guy in this house , but no one takes her up on it ? '' 
 `` because she has the herp , '' i murmured . 
 his hand paused mid-rub on my back . 
 `` that 's right . 
 how did you know ? '' 
 `` you told me when you were drunk . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` shit , she 's going to be pissed if that gets out on tv . 
 i hope they do n't show me talking about that . '' 
 i did n't care if they did or not . 
 i rubbed my cheek against brodie 's shoulder and noticed that the shaved side of my head made a horrible rasping sound . 
 my hand smoothed at my too-short hair . 
 `` this is an awful haircut . '' 
 `` yeah , i was n't thrilled with it either . '' 
 i thumped a hand on his chest . 
 `` oh please . 
 it looks good on you . '' 
 `` you think so ? '' 
 brodie mused . 
 `` or are you just saying that to flatter my vanity ? '' 
 `` it 's not all that different from your normal hair , '' i told him . 
 `` you just had to shave it a bit closer on the sides and spike the top . '' 
 i began to tear up again . 
 `` it 's completely different for me . '' 
 he hugged me again . 
 `` do n't be sad , kandis . 
 i did n't think sunnie was going to do it as soon as i saw the picture , and i was surprised that you did . 
 but i was also proud . 
 you 're a fighter . 
 you compete . '' 
 `` i did n't get nak * d on tv , '' i told him miserably . 
 `` the only reason i did is so we could keep control . 
 it was n't like i wanted to show everyone my ass . '' 
 whatever . 
 brodie had a fine ass . 
 i was tempted to touch it right now , but that would just get me in trouble . 
 my fingers twitched , though , as if needing to caress him . 
 `` now you 're just trying to make me feel better . '' 
 `` no , i 'm not . 
 but i will tell you something , '' brodie said , and put a finger to my chin , lifting my head . 
 my gaze met his . 
 `` even with your hair cut like that , you 're the hottest girl in this house . 
 arguably the hottest girl i 've ever met . 
 and one of the bravest , sneakiest , and most determined . '' 
 the flattery made me blink in surprise . 
 my lips parted , and i wanted to say something to him . 
 thank him for being supportive . 
 deny his effusive praise . 
 something . 
 but i noticed his gaze had gone to my mouth , to my parted lips . 
 and my breathing became shallow . 
 his thumb grazed my lower lip in an almost thoughtful manner . 
 i remained frozen in place , riveted by the tender touch . 
 a surge of need washed through me , and i watched brodie , trying to take my cues from him . 
 i wished he showed his emotions on his face like i did . 
 instead , that thumb continued to stroke my bottom lip , distracting me . 
 `` would it be bad if i kissed the prettiest woman in this house ? '' 
 brodie asked me , voice husky . 
 his eyes were a deep , dark blue when he looked at me , dark with need . 
 `` you think she 'd mind ? '' 
 i shivered at his words , feeling heat pulse through my body and settling between my hips . 
 i should have told him no . 
 our partnership was based on friendship and a common bond of wanting to win the game . 
 i did n't trust him . 
 how could i ? 
 i 'd seen what he 'd done with the cameras on him last season . 
 kissing would just change things . 
 but we 'd kissed before , had n't we ? 
 brodie had brushed his mouth over mine in the barest of kisses . 
 there had been no tongue , but i fully admitted to myself that i wanted to experience what it was like to get deep , wet , seeking kisses from brodie . 
 to have his mouth devour mine . 
 but that would ruin my game plan , would n't it ? 
 i sighed heavily . 
 `` we should n't . 
 not if we intend on staying focused on the game . '' 
 his mouth curled up on one side in a soft smile . 
 `` you 're right , of course . 
 i just got a little distracted by my sexy partner . 
 forgiven ? '' 
 `` how can i possibly be mad when you say such flattering things ? '' 
 i teased back , my mood improving . 
 `` it 's impossible . '' 
 `` that 's partially why i say them , '' he said with a wink , releasing me . 
 his hands fell away from me , and i was left bereft and wondering if i made a mistake . 
 `` i suppose if we want to get a good night 's sleep , we should get on it , though . 
 it 's late and i 'm exhausted . '' 
 he rolled away and out of the bed , heading toward the bathroom to brush his teeth . 
 i watched him go . 
 brodie did n't seem exhausted . 
 if anything , he seemed wired , especially after his win . 
 just a ploy to change subjects , then ? 
 i got up from the bed myself and stripped off my yoga pants . 
 my slobby dance-studio t-shirt was long enough to cover my panties , so i did n't bother putting on pajamas . 
 the bed was big enough-the only king in the house-and we could both comfortably sleep without worrying about touching the other partner . 
 so i stripped off my bra and tossed it into my bag , too , intending to sleep in just a t-shirt and panties . 
 it was the most comfortable way to sleep , after all . 
 after brodie finished brushing his teeth , i did the same , washed my face , and then headed back into bed . 
 he immediately turned off the lights and rolled over , his back facing me . 
 `` night , kandis . '' 
 `` night , '' i said softly . 
 i stared at his back . 
 it was big and strong and looked broad in the darkness . 
 there was just barely enough light to make out his form , and i wondered what he was thinking . 
 closing his eyes and just trying to sleep ? 
 imagining how the kiss would have gone if i 'd said yes ? 
 dammit , why had i said no ? 
 was i crazy ? 
 now i was going to wonder about it all night long . 
 i would n't be able to sleep because every time i closed my eyes , i 'd imagine brodie 's thumb on my lower lip again , and then imagine him moving it to the side and his mouth moving to cover mine . 
 his full lips sucking at my lower one . 
 his tongue sliding into my mouth ... i bit back a whimper . 
 damn it . 
 we 'd been in the house for almost a month , and i 'd been lying in bed next to a hot , sexy man in a completely non-physical fashion . 
 it was making me realize how much platonic sucked . 
 in the last month , we 'd had no sexual contact of any kind . 
 i was n't dating-hadn ' t even been dating before i 'd come on the show , because i 'd been too worried about my mother and too focused on her . 
 normally those needs were taken care of by masturb ** ion , though . 
 but you could n't masturbate when you were sharing a room with a stranger and cameras were pointed on you at all hours . 
 i snuggled deeper under the covers , thinking hard . 
 unconsciously , brodie shifted , moving a little further away from me on the bed . 
 i frowned at his back . 
 was he avoiding me , then ? 
 i shifted and pretended to fluff my pillow , all the while scooting a bit closer to his back . 
 he did n't move . 
 i shifted a bit closer , so near now that i was practically spooning him . 
 if i took a deep breath , my n ** ples would brush against his back , and they were already hard and aching with need . 
 i was pretty sure that i was slick between my legs . 
 this was so not a good idea . 
 but i still wiggled a little nearer . 
 my n ** ples skimmed his back . 
 delicious twin bolts of sensation flickered through my body , and my pulse raced . 
 oooh . 
 illicit touching was kind of naughty ... and lots of fun . 
 brodie shifted and moved a bit further away on the bed . 
 i moved a little closer and propped an arm underneath my br ** sts to make them jut out a bit more . 
 my n ** ples brushed against him again , and i had to bite back a moan . 
 it was so , so wrong to want brodie short . 
 but i totally needed him . 
 i regretted not taking him up on that kiss . 
 was it too late to change my mind ? 
 damn it , why was i such a chicken ? 
 brodie shifted again , and to my surprise , he rolled over . 
 i shied backward a bit , but our faces were still super close together , our legs practically tangled . 
 i knew we were both on his side of the bed . 
 `` kandis , '' he whispered , and he pulled the blankets over his head-so no one could read his lips . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` trying to sleep , '' i said innocently . 
 but my breathing had quickened and my n ** ples felt like aching points . 
 if i pressed my thighs together , i could feel the wetness between them . 
 there 'd be no sleep here . 
 `` really ? '' 
 brodie asked , a skeptical note in his whisper . 
 `` or are you trying to just torture me ? '' 
 `` torture you ? '' 
 he shifted under the blankets , and his hand grabbed mine . 
 he guided it down to his boxers and placed it on his hard , stiff erection that was tenting his boxers . 
 i hissed out a breath . 
 `` do n't tell me that surprises you , '' he murmured . 
 `` you 've been rubbing those gorgeous tits against my back for the last ten minutes . '' 
 `` you noticed ? '' 
 i breathed . 
 `` how could i not ? '' 
 his whisper was low , but it still held an ache of need in it . 
 `` you 're driving me wild , kandis . '' 
 `` i changed my mind , '' i told him , and i wrapped my fingers around his length . 
 he seemed impossibly thick and long under those boxers , and i thought of him nak * d while he was streaking earlier . 
 i wished i had n't been so caught up in my own misery so i could have ogled him more . 
 `` i want that kiss after all . '' 
 he groaned low , and i felt his h * ps shove against my hand , forcing my grip to rub on him . 
 `` if you promise to keep your hand there , i 'll do whatever you like . '' 
 oh god , that was incredibly exciting . 
 it was so wrong to be so turned on , was n't it ? 
 this was the worst place in the world to fool around , but i had never been more aroused . 
 i squeezed his erection . 
 `` then come kiss me . '' 
 he dragged me closer to him under the blankets until i was practically laying under him . 
 my hand remained on his cock , and i gave it another encouraging rub even as he leaned closer . 
 `` fuck , you are good with your hands , kandis . 
 you naughty little minx . '' 
 i did n't get a chance to reply to those words because his mouth pressed down on mine , giving me the kiss i 'd asked for . 
 brodie had a pretty mouth . 
 i 'd noticed that in the weeks that we 'd been in the house . 
 soft and sensual and almost too feminine for such a masculine guy , i 'd wondered what it would feel like against my own full lips . 
 too pillowy ? 
 too soft ? 
 i 'd been so wrong . 
 his mouth was warm against my own , but it was anything but soft . 
 he was all hard edges and need , and the stubble on his jaw scraped against my skin as his mouth slanted over mine in desperate need . 
 there was nothing gentle about this kiss , not like the soft touches he 'd given me earlier . 
 we 'd gone way past that . 
 instead , he bit at my lower lip , and when i whimpered in response , his hand moved to my jaw and coaxed my barely parted lips wider . 
 then , he slanted over my mouth and his tongue thrust against mine . 
 had i ever thought his mouth would be too soft to kiss well ? 
 he was doing better than that-he was f ** king me with his tongue . 
 and oh god , i loved it . 
 i rubbed my own against his , and my hand clasped his shaft , trying to give him the same wordless pleasure he was giving me with his tongue . 
 he licked and sucked at me , and when i dipped my tongue to his lips in a tentative exploration , he caught it in his mouth and lightly sucked at it . 
 the need in my body exploded . 
 my h * ps rocked against him , and i moaned into his mouth . 
 brodie hushed me with another deep , slick kiss , but he 'd heard my need and he responded . 
 just like my hand clasped his sex , his slid to my panties . 
 instead of moving into them , though , his fingers skimmed along the outside of the fabric . 
 when my thighs parted for his exploration , he found my seam and began to knead the damp fabric , pressing the cotton against my skin and rubbing . 
 that drove me wild . 
 my legs locked around his hips , and i ground against his hand , whimpering . 
 `` you are a vision , kandis . 
 god . 
 you 've been driving me crazy for weeks now . 
 and just look at how wet you are . '' 
 his fingers moved along my seam , outlining it against the damp material . 
 `` so turned on at the thought of kissing me , huh ? 
 just like the thought of kissing you made me so hard i could n't stand it . '' 
 i moaned into his mouth again . 
 `` sexy , sinful kandis , '' he murmured . 
 his fingers found my cl * t even through the panties , and rubbed it hard , making stars spark in front of my eyes . 
 my h * ps raised off the mattress , and i bit at his lower lip fiercely , need driving me wild . 
 `` we should probably stop , '' he murmured against my mouth . 
 but he still kept rubbing my cl * t through the fabric . 
 i did n't want to stop . 
 my hands moved on his cock , and i rubbed , stroking him roughly in time with our twining tongues . 
 i did n't tell him to let me go . 
 i did n't tell him to keep going . 
 i just showed him with my tongue and squeezed my thighs around his h * ps even tighter , trapping his hand between my legs and on my sex that shivered and rocked against his fingers . 
 i came moments later , in a wild gasp and a rush of wetness that flooded my already-wet panties . 
 he groaned in response , and a moment later , the boxers i was holding onto were wet in the front and sticking to his skin . 
 brodie gave me another fierce kiss , his tongue claiming me , and then he pulled away , panting . 
 `` that was the best handjob i 've ever had , '' he told me , and then he kissed me again . 
 `` wish we 'd been doing that since day one . 
 you have no idea how many times i 've gone to bed with blue balls at the thought of sleeping next to you . '' 
 i should have been embarrassed at his words . 
 but i simply grinned into the darkness and leaned up to lick at his full mouth , pleased . 
 `` i might have been thinking about you too , '' i teased . 
 `` but i will never admit it . '' 
 `` ha , '' he said , and then sat up , the blankets falling down to pool at his waist . 
 he leaned over to me . 
 `` i need a new set of boxers , though . '' 
 `` i need panties , '' i told him in a soft voice . 
 `` give me yours and i 'll handle it , '' he said into my ear , and then he nipped at my earlobe . 
 i shivered and nodded and then shimmied out of them under the blankets . 
 they were wetter than i ever remembered getting before , but i 'd been so incredibly aroused that i was n't ashamed . 
 heck , if brodie could turn me on like that from simple heavy petting , i wondered what it 'd be like to actually sleep with him . 
 explosive , i decided . 
 and that gave me all new shivers . 
 i handed him my panties , and he bounded out of the bed , heading for the bathroom . 
 he returned a few minutes later in a new pair of boxers and crawled back into bed . 
 `` all set . '' 
 i chuckled and leaned in to whisper again . 
 `` um , did you forget something ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 i brushed a hand along his bare abs . 
 `` my panties ? '' 
 he pulled me close and spooned me against him , my back against his front . 
 `` actually i kind of liked you like this . '' 
 `` you sneak . '' 
 but i was n't upset . 
 i was actually kind of pleased . 
 chapter seven `` what kandis does n't seem to realize is that every time i see that mohawk of hers , i get a boner . 
 it 's true . 
 a chick with grit is the sexiest thing possible . '' 
 - brodie short , day 31 i rubbed my hands and smiled gleefully at the confessional tv monitor . 
 `` this is the first time that brodie and i have been in power this game . '' 
 i paused . 
 `` well , i say it 's brodie and me , but the truth is , he 's the one with power . 
 i 'm just riding his coattails . '' 
 `` any ideas of who you 'll put up this week ? '' 
 `` we have a few ideas of who we want gone , '' i said , and crossed my legs in the chair . 
 `` first and foremost is sunnie , of course . 
 now that her partner 's gone , she 's been sulking all day . 
 and she 's made a few pointed comments that indicate that she 's coming after me , so i 'd like to put her up on the block , of course . 
 and since someone else has to be nominated , fido 's my other choice , i guess . 
 he 's strong , and he 's a guy , and brodie swears to me that , thanks to his maneuvering , he 's got the girl vote locked up . 
 so as long as they 're all with us , they 're not against us . '' 
 a pause . 
 i twiddled my thumbs for a moment , waiting for either the okay to leave or for another question . 
 it came after a long moment . 
 `` our cameras show that you and brodie put good use to the power room last night . 
 how is your relationship with him ? '' 
 my eyes widened in horror . 
 that was ... direct . 
 and the last thing i wanted to talk about at the moment . 
 `` um . 
 we 're good . 
 we 're good friends . '' 
 `` do you go under the blankets with all your good friends ? '' 
 i could feel a blush creeping onto my face and grew irritated at the line of questioning . 
 `` if i feel like it . 
 just consider it affirming an alliance . 
 between friends . 
 can i go now ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 please send in brodie . '' 
 i bolted out of the chair so fast that i nearly ran into the wall . 
 good lord , i had not been prepared for that line of questioning . 
 as soon as i re-entered the living room , i crossed into the kitchen . 
 brodie was there , getting a cup of coffee . 
 it was still early and the others were n't up . 
 he was the only one in the room . 
 `` morning , '' brodie said , and his eyes roamed over my tight workout clothing appreciatively . 
 he moved forward to greet me , head bending as if he wanted to kiss me . 
 `` you okay ? 
 you did n't wake me up . '' 
 i tilted , avoiding the kiss , and slid under his arm , heading for the toaster . 
 `` they want you in the confessional booth . '' 
 `` gotcha . '' 
 i shoved two pieces of toast into the toaster and stared at it , waiting . 
 when i was sure the room was empty , i glanced behind me . 
 no brodie . 
 i exhaled and then tapped my foot as i waited on the toast , thinking . 
 last night had probably been a huge mistake . 
 brodie had just tried to kiss me again , out in the open . 
 it was a good thing there was no one else in the room , because starting a romance was quite possibly the worst strategic move you could make . 
 it was a one-way ticket out the door , especially when we had been busy splitting up other couples to keep the power to ourselves . 
 jendan entered the kitchen as my toast popped , and i snatched it up . 
 `` morning , kandis . '' 
 he rubbed his face . 
 `` morning . '' 
 `` uh ... you okay ? '' 
 i took an angry bite of dry toast and began to chew . 
 `` honestly , why does everyone keep asking me that ? '' 
 he stared at me for a moment . 
 `` you look like you want to hit something . 
 that 's why . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 so much for hiding my emotions . 
 `` it 's nothing . 
 just a little unsettled this morning . '' 
 `` something wrong ? '' 
 i slid backwards , lifting up onto the counter and perching there while i ate my toast . 
 `` it 's sunnie , '' i lied between bites . 
 `` you know she 's gunning for me . '' 
 `` well , yeah . '' 
 jendan headed to the fridge and pulled out the orange juice . 
 `` she 's not a dumb girl . 
 she can put two and two together . 
 she knows it was you that caused casper to go out of the game . '' 
 i chewed thoughtfully . 
 `` does n't she know that he was planning on booting her , too ? '' 
 `` does n't matter . 
 you 're an easier target to blame . '' 
 he eyed me for a long moment . 
 `` and she 's jealous . '' 
 the dry toast stuck to the roof of my mouth , and i had to pry it free with my tongue . 
 when i could speak , i looked over at jendan , surprised . 
 `` why on earth is she jealous ? 
 she 's a gorgeous socialite who shows up in every tabloid from here to eternity . '' 
 `` she 's jealous because you did n't drop out of the power play before she did , '' he told me , pouring himself a glass of orange juice . 
 `` says you made her look vain because she would n't get the haircut . '' 
 i ran my hand over the shaved sides of my head and then touched the long , floppy portion that kept sliding into my face . 
 `` i wish i 'd dropped out . 
 now i have bad hair , and i had to drink that awful milkshake . 
 you were smart when you did n't even try . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` i figured if that was the opener , every round would just get worse . 
 i 'm glad i bailed . 
 i would have been puking everywhere if i 'd even tried it . 
 i was getting sick just hearing that ingredient list . '' 
 `` i think that was the point , '' i told him wryly . 
 i put down my dry toast . 
 `` and can we not talk about it over breakfast ? 
 i swear , just thinking about it makes my stomach ache . '' 
 jendan hopped up on the counter opposite of me and leaned forward . 
 `` there 's also brodie , you know . 
 she 's jealous over him . 
 you got brodie for a partner , and he seems totally into you . 
 she got casper for a partner , and he treated her like she was an ignorant two-year-old . 
 and she likes brodie . 
 that much is obvious . '' 
 `` everyone likes brodie . '' 
 oh damn , i could feel my face heating up all over again . 
 `` no , i mean she really likes brodie . 
 which brings me to a good question-who do you see in your final two ? 
 i know on day one we promised each other that we 'd go to the end . 
 i just want to make sure that has n't changed . '' 
 i had made a deal with jendan on day one . 
 but that was before i 'd started to have feelings for brodie . 
 and if jendan knew about that , he 'd make sure my butt went to the curb next . 
 romance on a reality tv show was the worst kind of idea . 
 so i lied . 
 `` nothing 's changed . 
 i 'm just flirting with brodie for strategic purposes . 
 i 'm here to win the money , just like you . 
 do n't worry about that . 
 you and i are solid to the end . 
 final two . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 he smiled , clearly relieved by my answer . 
 `` good . '' 
 truth was , when we got to that point , i 'd make a decision . 
 a hard one . 
 and it would n't necessarily involve taking jendan . 
 man , i sure was doing a lot of lying in this game . 
 i hoped it did n't come back to bite me in the end . 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ i avoided brodie for most of the day . 
 well , as much as you can avoid someone that you are living in a house with and sharing a room with . 
 he seemed to understand my reluctance to broach what had happened last night , though , and did n't attempt to get cozy with me again . 
 i spent the afternoon with the girls in the kitchen as jayme tried out recipes and marla , sunnie , and i drank coffee , did our nails , and gossiped . 
 sunnie was n't glaring at me any longer , so i considered that a small win , though i knew it was temporary . 
 she was going to hold a grudge . 
 that was what you did in this game . 
 that evening , i chatted with marla and jendan . 
 they wanted to make plans for the nomination ceremony , since it could happen at any time . 
 the producers liked to switch dates up on us , so i understood the paranoia about being caught off guard . 
 i invited marla and jendan back to our room after lights out and then let brodie know when we were getting ready for bed . 
 if he looked disappointed , he did n't say anything . 
 he simply nodded and put on a pair of pajama bottoms over his boxers . 
 i wore flannel pajamas , too . 
 being all covered up around brodie made things safer . 
 at close to midnight , there was a soft knock on our door . 
 brodie and i were sitting on the bed , discussing challenges and going over who had come in what place in case there was a memory recall challenge in the future . 
 brodie had mentioned he 'd gotten burned on something like that on the world races , so we 'd been practicing nightly and making up catchy jingles to remind us of the order . 
 he was determined not to lose again , and i did n't blame him . 
 to come that close to winning last time and walk away with nothing but a pat on the back ? 
 it had to be devastating . 
 brodie hopped up from the bed and opened the door , and marla and jendan slipped in , both in their pajamas . 
 they waved and marla bounded onto the bed next to where i sat , cross legged , over the covers . 
 brodie quickly shut the door behind them again and flicked off the lights . 
 `` sorry , '' he whispered into the dark . 
 `` just making sure nobody catches us . '' 
 `` no problem , '' marla whispered back . 
 `` i hope this is n't a bad time ? '' 
 `` not at all , '' i said , perhaps a bit more loudly than i should have . 
 `` we were just chatting about past challenges . '' 
 `` so , '' jendan said , and i felt his weight sink down on the bed . 
 now all four of us were seated in a circle on the big mattress . 
 `` brodie has the power , but if we have a final four , i think we should all have a say in who goes up on the block . '' 
 `` that 's fine with me , '' brodie said . 
 `` any suggestions ? '' 
 everyone was silent for a moment . 
 `` sunnie seems like an obvious target , '' marla finally said . 
 `` i 'd like to keep sunnie , '' brodie said . 
 i frowned into the dark . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` well , for starters , she sucks in challenges , '' brodie said with a chuckle , and i felt his hand reach out and caress my knee in the darkness . 
 a hot flush rippled through my body , and i wanted to push his hand away so he would n't distract me . 
 but ... i did n't . 
 `` and sunnie 's easily influenced , '' brodie said . 
 `` she was furious at kandis earlier because she thought she engineered casper 's vote out , but by this evening , sunnie was smiling and painting kandis 's nails . 
 we can control her . 
 we just need to make her feel safe . '' 
 `` except for the fact that she 's decided i should be the next to go , '' i pointed out . 
 `` she more or less said during the challenge that if she got power ? 
 she was putting me up for eviction . '' 
 `` it 's true , '' marla agreed . 
 `` i saw the looks she was giving kandis . 
 i think you 're wrong about sunnie being tractable . 
 i think it 's an act . '' 
 hearing her confirm my suspicions made me a little nervous . 
 we were all trying to play so hard that i wondered who in this house was real and who was fake . 
 and i wondered if i was seeing real brodie or fake brodie . 
 which one was in bed with me each night ? 
 strategic brodie who was ensuring my vote ? 
 or the real brodie , who maybe liked to kiss me ? 
 i did n't know . 
 the thumb casually caressing my knee felt real . 
 was i simply reading too much into flirting ? 
 i did n't trust anyone or anything anymore . 
 `` frankly , i 'd rather get out someone that 's a threat to kandis than keep someone that might be a vote in your pocket . 
 no offense , brodie , '' jendan said . 
 `` none taken , '' brodie replied , but i felt his hand tighten on my knee . 
 `` we 'll keep sunnie on the table . '' 
 `` so that leaves fido and jayme , '' i said . 
 `` brodie , what do you think ? '' 
 `` jayme 's dangerous , '' marla said before brodie could answer . 
 `` she won power before , remember ? '' 
 `` you have a point , '' brodie said . 
 `` but fido 's trying to lay low . 
 he 's more athletic than he 's pretending to be , and i worry that if we keep him around , he 's going to be serious competition for the next few challenges when it 's crucial to make sure that we keep power . '' 
 `` both good arguments , '' jendan said . 
 `` how do you feel , kandis ? '' 
 i considered for a long moment . 
 was this answer some sort of test from jendan , too ? 
 if i aligned my answer with brodie , would jendan start to worry about our alliance ? 
 we needed to stay four strong until we got out the other three . 
 it would be too easy for a pair to flip and screw everyone else 's plans . 
 but fido was stronger than jayme , and jayme would vote with brodie , which meant she was a vote in my corner , too . 
 plus , the fact that fido was trying to lay low did n't sit well with me . 
 that was my strategy , darn it . 
 `` i vote fido . 
 i do n't trust him . 
 any guy that calls himself fido automatically makes me suspicious . '' 
 marla laughed . 
 `` you do realize that it 's a nickname because he owns a dog-walking service ? '' 
 `` do n't know , do n't care , '' i said . 
 `` i think it 's to throw us off guard and make him seem more friendly and amiable than he really is . 
 i mean , if his name were jake , we 'd have a different view of him , would n't we ? 
 jake 's totally a playboy name . '' 
 marla snorted . 
 `` you mean like ` brodie ? ' '' 
 just like that , actually . 
 i did n't want to agree with her aloud because i felt brodie stiffen next to me , clearly irritated at marla 's words . 
 i changed the subject back to the vote . 
 `` i just do n't feel like we can trust fido . '' 
 `` i do see him whispering in the corners with jayme a lot . '' 
 marla sighed . 
 `` i thought it was because he liked her at first , but now i wonder if there 's more to it than that . '' 
 `` so we put up sunnie and fido , '' brodie said . 
 `` we either split up a strong duo or we get rid of someone who 's gunning for kandis . 
 i think that seems solid . 
 do you guys have a preference for who ? '' 
 i sure did , but i let the rest of them vote . 
 after an hour of intense arguing back and forth in low whispers , it was decided : fido would be going home . 
 i did n't know how i felt about that since we 'd be keeping the person that wanted my head on a platter , considering she 'd been nominated a second time and was bound to be even more pissed off . 
 but i trusted fido to win a challenge more than i trusted sunnie to win . 
 heck , at the thought of messing up a lock of her long red extensions , sunnie had bailed . 
 i ran a hand through my floppy mohawk in memory . 
 we 'd made the right strategic choice for the group , even if it was n't best for me . 
 after things were decided , marla and jendan headed off to bed , and brodie closed the door to our bedroom . 
 it was just the two of us again . 
 i crawled under the blankets , determined not to feel awkward about last night . 
 it had been perfection , like we 'd known each other for years and had finally come together . 
 i 'd loved every second of it . 
 which was a problem . 
 i did n't want to love it . 
 i could n't love it . 
 a million dollars-and the opportunity to save my mom-was riding on the line . 
 the bed creaked and i felt it sag under brodie 's weight . 
 in the darkness , i could n't make out his expression . 
 `` so , '' he said . 
 `` what are you thinking ? '' 
 `` well ... '' i reached up and toyed with the fringe on the pillow under my head . 
 `` i 'm a little concerned that we 're keeping sunnie when she 'll have double the reason to come after me , but if that 's what the group wants , then i 'll go along with it . '' 
 one arm slid around my waist . 
 `` that was n't what i was referring to . '' 
 a hot flush swept through my body . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he dragged me against him , and his breath whispered against my ear . 
 `` i 'm just curious why you were giving me the icy treatment earlier today . 
 cold feet ? 
 change your mind about playing around with me ? '' 
 playing around , huh ? 
 was that all this was ? 
 after i got past the initial twinge of hurt at his words , i realized ... that was actually perfect . 
 if we were just playing around , things were n't serious . 
 no one 's feelings would get hurt if we kept things hidden . 
 and best of all , if it was all just fun and games , my promise to take jendan to the final two would bother no one . 
 so i said , `` you know if they think we have a romance , they 're going to come after us . '' 
 `` yeah , but i flirt with everyone , '' brodie said . 
 `` they 'll just think you 're finally responding . '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` and it might seem weird to the others if you 're the only girl in the house i do n't flirt with . '' 
 `` you do n't flirt with marla , '' i pointed out . 
 `` i do , '' he said , and his teeth grazed my ear , sending shivers up my spine . 
 `` it 's just more subtle . '' 
 his hand slid toward the waistband of my pajama pants . 
 `` but i can be subtle when we 're around the others if you want . '' 
 right now , i was thinking anything but subtle . 
 my body had responded to his caresses , and i was thinking that if he did n't touch me right now , i was going to die of need . 
 but i bit my lip , fighting the feelings . 
 `` they 're watching us on the cameras , you know . 
 i got quizzed about it when i went into the confessional . '' 
 `` and that bothers you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` they ca n't see anything . '' 
 yeah , but they 'd know what we were doing . 
 and that counted for more than visuals . 
 `` it does . '' 
 `` they asked me about it , too , '' brodie said , and his tongue flicked into the shell of my ear , then lightly traced it . 
 `` but they also gave me some very interesting information . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 `` yep . 
 that they turn the cameras off in all rooms between two and four in the morning , and they provided condoms in all the bathrooms . '' 
 i sucked in a breath . 
 if they turned off the cameras , that meant they wanted us to have sex . 
 heck , they were all but saying go right ahead we wo n't look . 
 then again ... if the cameras did n't see anything ... `` i do n't know if i 'm ready to jump into sex just yet , brodie , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm still worried it 'll mess up our game . '' 
 `` we could always just mess around , then , '' he said in a low , husky voice , and his hand slid over my stomach , exploring it under my clothing . 
 `` it 's almost two right now . '' 
 i looked over at the lava lamp clock in the room . 
 1:58 . 
 `` so two minutes . 
 and then ... ? '' 
 i let the question trail off . 
 `` then we can do whatever we want , '' brodie murmured , and he bit my earlobe . 
 i bit back the shuddering cry that threatened to escape my throat . 
 my nails dug into his arm , and then i nodded . 
 `` two minutes . '' 
 he leaned back , and we waited . 
 it was easily the longest two minutes of my life . 
 i stared at the alarm clock , waiting for the digits to tick over . 
 it seemed like an eternity passed in one hundred and twenty seconds . 
 an eternity in which my pulse raced , my br ** sts ached , and the flesh between my legs grew slick from sheer anticipation . 
 then , it finally ticked over . '' 
 ` bout f ** king time , '' brodie growled low in his throat . 
 his hand went to my chin , he turned my face toward his , and his mouth swooped over mine in a delicious , deep kiss . 
 he licked at my mouth , tasting me as if he were starving and i were a feast laid out before him . 
 and when my tongue touched his ? 
 he groaned low in his throat , the sound making my knees weak . 
 i 'd never heard anything so incredibly sexy . 
 `` kandis , this was the longest day in this stupid house because i could n't wait to get to bed . '' 
 his tongue traced my parted lips , his hand stole down my neck , over my collarbone , tracing my skin . 
 `` and i wanted to throw those two a ** holes out of here the moment they came in here . 
 it took everything i had not to boot them and then throw you down on the bed and maul you . '' 
 his heated words reminded me of the hand he 'd placed on my knee . 
 suddenly , that hand seemed like the most erotic thing in the universe . 
 i dragged the blankets over us and with the barrier in place , my hands began to skim along his flesh . 
 brodie 's hand went to my thigh , and he hiked my knees up around his hips . 
 he twisted in the bed and settled between my clothed legs , resting the weight of his h * ps against my spread ones . 
 i gasped at the sensation , as the pose allowed me to feel ... everything , especially the hard ridge of his c * ck between my legs . 
 he leaned in to kiss me again . 
 `` this okay ? '' 
 i nodded , and when his mouth moved over mine again , our tongues met and collided . 
 i moaned , my nails digging into his back . 
 his h * ps lifted , pressing his length against the vee of my sex . 
 the movement sent pleasure shuddering through me , a tease of what real sex with him would be like . 
 `` you fit me perfectly , kandis , '' he breathed against my mouth . 
 `` ca n't wait until i get to taste you . '' 
 `` taste me ? '' 
 i whispered , tantalized by the thought . 
 `` taste you everywhere . '' 
 he sucked on my lower lip and then gave it a nip with his teeth . 
 `` you want to know where i 'd start ? '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 i breathed . 
 it seemed monumentally important that he tell me and seduce me with delicious words . 
 `` i 've tasted your mouth , '' he said against my mouth , and his tongue stroked between my parted lips again . 
 `` you 're sweet as honey there , and have the most delicious little tongue , but it would n't be enough for me . 
 i 'd have to go lower . '' 
 and he thrust between my clothed legs again . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 my voice trembled , my hands skimming his warm chest , gliding over his shoulders . 
 moving all over him , as if i could trace his entire body with just my fingertips . 
 `` i 'd have to stop at these pretty tits , '' he said , and one hand went to the buttons of my flannel nightshirt , dragging it open . 
 `` are you wearing a bra ? '' 
 `` no , no bra . '' 
 i did n't want to point out that most girls did n't sleep in a bra . 
 i was too into the moment and did n't want to distract him . 
 i needed to hear what was next . 
 `` good . '' 
 he slid lower , and i felt a pang of disappointment when his h * ps left the cradle of mine . 
 i wanted his c * ck rubbing up against my sex , sliding there with delicious friction . 
 i promptly forgot about it when his mouth moved to my breastbone , kissing the now-exposed valley of my cl ** vage , the strip of skin available for his caresses now that he 'd pried the buttons open . 
 `` been wanting to see these beauties for weeks now . 
 you have no idea how badly i wanted to peek at you when we were in the shower , but i knew you 'd kill me . '' 
 i chuckled . 
 `` i would have , yes . '' 
 `` of course , i ca n't really see anything in the dark , but i can touch all this silky skin , ca n't i ? 
 and damn , have i wanted to touch you . '' 
 i arched in anticipation , wanting his touch , too . 
 i 'd daydreamed about that as well , his hands and mouth moving over my skin , worshipping me . 
 he pulled the last of my flannel nightshirt apart and the fabric fell to my sides . 
 i felt the cool air on my exposed torso , and then his big , warm hand skimmed down my front . 
 `` i bet this is a beautiful sight , '' he told me . 
 `` all pale skin and soft curves . '' 
 i had a bit of a tan now thanks to laying out by the pool all day , but i did n't interrupt his dreamy words . 
 how could i ? 
 every syllable was making me wetter . 
 i 'd have an orgasm from sheer conversation alone if this kept up . 
 `` what color are your n ** ples ? '' 
 brodie asked . 
 `` i can see them in the dark , so i know they 're small and perfect , with the prettiest little tips . 
 they look dark . 
 are they ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 my voice was trembling nearly as much as the rest of me . 
 `` and i hear they taste pretty good . '' 
 he groaned . 
 `` do they ? 
 i have to know for myself . '' 
 he leaned in and his mouth traced the slope of one breast , and then he cupped the globe of it in his hand , pointing the nipple toward his mouth . 
 and he licked . 
 i nearly came off the bed . 
 shocking waves of pleasure ripped through me , and i thought i was going to have an orgasm right then and there . 
 `` brodie , '' i moaned . 
 `` oh god . '' 
 i needed more . 
 i wanted another lick just like that one . 
 `` mmm , you do taste good , '' he told me . 
 his hand cupped my other breast and he gave it the same attention the other one had been given-a long , slow taste . 
 then he circled the nipple with his tongue and lapped at the stiff peak , nuzzling it . 
 `` you have some of the most gorgeous tits i 've ever seen . 
 they 're real , are n't they ? '' 
 i smacked his shoulder , the words taking me a bit out of the moment . 
 `` of course they 're real . 
 jesus . '' 
 he laughed at my outrage , and then he leaned down to bite at my nipple again . 
 `` have to say , they felt real . 
 i 'd say you 're lucky to have such pretty tits , but i think i 'm the lucky one here , because i get to put my mouth all over them . '' 
 and he licked at them again , his mouth moving to tease one nipple while his thumb coaxed the other . 
 i writhed underneath him , panting . 
 my hands went to his hair , and i dragged his face against my br ** sts , needing more of his tongue against my flesh . 
 i wanted his mouth everywhere and on every inch of my skin . 
 `` i could stay here all night , '' brodie murmured , flicking at one nipple with the tip of his tongue and then rubbing his chin against it . 
 the abrasive feel of stubble on his chin brought a new sensation to the mix , and i had to bite my lip to keep from crying out . 
 `` but i have other plans for this evening . '' 
 `` other plans ? '' 
 i echoed , a thrill shooting through me at the thought . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` i 'm thinking of one spot in particular , '' he told me , and a wicked grin curved his mouth in the darkness . 
 he slid further under the blankets , moving between my legs . 
 excitement shuddered through me , and my hands clenched on the sheet as i pulled it over my head so i could watch what he was doing underneath . 
 was he going to go down on me ? 
 for all that guys liked to talk a good game , i found that most did n't want to go down on a girl unless they were in a serious relationship with her , and or * l s * x was a treat that seemed to be scarce for as many times as i 'd gone down on a guy myself . 
 it was definitely not equally reciprocated . 
 `` yeah , i thought i 'd taste your foot , '' brodie said in a sexy voice . 
 `` maybe suck on your toes . '' 
 that shattered my little fantasy . 
 `` um ... what ? '' 
 he chuckled and leaned in to lick at my belly button . 
 `` got you . '' 
 i gave a small , nervous laugh . 
 `` i hope you were joking . '' 
 `` oh , i was . 
 and i hope you 're not wearing panties . '' 
 the excitement returned . 
 `` i am , but not for long , '' i told him . 
 `` that 's what i like to hear , '' he said , and he tugged at the waist of my pajama pants . 
 `` now , let 's see what we have down here . '' 
 i stifled a laugh . 
 `` ca n't you guess ? '' 
 `` seeing is believing , '' he murmured as he pulled the pants-and my panties-down my h * ps and then my thighs . 
 `` but tasting is even better . '' 
 i shivered at the thought , my hands fisting in the covers and clenching them over my head . 
 it felt steamy under the sheets , but i did n't want to release them . 
 when we were under the blankets , it felt like our own little cocoon of reality . 
 brodie 's mouth kissed at my hip and then licked the skin there . 
 `` so far , so good . '' 
 `` you approve ? '' 
 `` mmm , do i ever . '' 
 his lips brushed over my mound , and then i felt his fingers part the flesh there . 
 one digit stroked my slickness , sending ripples of pleasure cascading through me . 
 `` you 're wet . '' 
 `` i am , '' i agreed breathlessly . 
 `` that should n't be a surprise . '' 
 `` yeah , but i love how totally wet you get for me . '' 
 i felt him shift , and then i felt his tongue stroke over my p ** sy in a long , languid swipe . 
 i lay there stunned for a moment , unable to process the sensation of his mouth on my sensitive flesh . 
 it was the culmination of what felt like weeks of delicious foreplay and teasing , and it nearly blew my mind . 
 then his tongue swirled around my clit , and he gently sucked . 
 my body twitched in response , and a breathy moan escaped me . 
 `` oh , brodie . '' 
 `` that 's right , baby , '' he murmured against my flesh . 
 `` you like that ? '' 
 i whimpered my response , pressing a hand to my mouth to keep myself silent . 
 i liked that way too much . 
 there was no way i 'd be able to keep my voice down if he kept doing those things with his mouth . 
 of course , that aggravating , delicious man did just that again-and more . 
 he sucked at the little nub of flesh and then pressed his tongue against it , flicking rapidly . 
 my h * ps responded with each flick , flexing and moving until his hands grasped me , holding me still so he could continue to taste me . 
 and he did , and each time his tongue worked over my sex with infinite , aggravating expertise . 
 it was like every lick went straight through my body and left me shuddering with need . 
 the back of my hand pressed harder against my mouth to stifle my cries , and when his mouth increased his intensity , i bit down against my skin , digging my teeth in . 
 it was n't enough , though , and when his mouth continued to work my sensitive cl * t and a finger slid deep inside me , i came hard . 
 my body clenched around his finger , and i felt his pleased murmur against my wet flesh as he continued to lap at my sex . 
 when i finally came down , i panted hard and stopped biting my hand . 
 i 'd probably have a bruise there in the morning . 
 i probably did n't care . 
 i made a small sigh of pleasure in my throat and reached for brodie , trying to drag him up my body . 
 `` come here and kiss me , '' i said breathlessly . 
 `` god , that was amazing . 
 you 're amazing . '' 
 `` i know , '' he said , a hint of amused smugness in his voice . 
 typical brodie . 
 cocky and arrogant and way too charming for his own good . 
 but he slid back up my body and propped himself up on his hands , and then gave me an achingly sweet kiss . 
 `` how was that ? '' 
 `` the kiss ? '' 
 i asked , still dazed from the experience . 
 he chuckled and leaned down to kiss my nose . 
 `` everything . '' 
 `` mmm . 
 incredible . 
 you just trying to get me to flatter you ? '' 
 `` it 's entirely possible , '' he said , and i could hear the grin in his words . 
 `` but i mostly wanted to see you come . '' 
 `` well , i came . 
 i came hard , '' i said shyly . 
 my hand throbbed in response . 
 `` i know you did , baby . 
 you were bucking and twisting like a bronco . '' 
 that ... was an embarrassing comparison . 
 i grabbed him around his neck and dragged him against me . 
 when he fell on top of me , i rolled the two of us over in the bed , and we got tangled in the sheets . 
 it took a moment for us to work our way out , and then i pushed them off , my short hair nearly sticking straight up thanks to the static from the blankets . 
 it took a minute for us to re-situate our blanket fortress , but when we were back under the little private tent of sheets , i was on top of brodie 's shirtless body . 
 i straddled his h * ps with mine and then ground against his erection with my nak * d flesh . 
 `` now , how about you ? 
 how are you feeling ? '' 
 his hands moved to my hips , pinning me against him as he rolled them in response . 
 `` what does that tell you ? '' 
 i moaned again as his erection ground against my still-sensitive parts . 
 `` it tells me that someone would n't mind getting his c * ck sucked . '' 
 he sucked in , as if breathless by the visual that offered . 
 `` no , no he would not . 
 you offering ? '' 
 `` you bet i am . '' 
 i dragged a finger down the center of his chest and then traced one of his flat n ** ples . 
 `` but i 'm not hearing a ` please . ' '' 
 `` please , baby , '' he breathed . 
 `` i bet you suck the best cock . '' 
 `` i bet i do , too , '' i purred , rolling my h * ps against his again just to torment him . 
 `` wan na find out ? '' 
 `` more than anything . '' 
 that was music to my ears . 
 i grinned to myself and slid down his body , echoing his motions from a few minutes ago when he 'd done the same to me . 
 when i flexed my ass over his calves , i decided that was low enough , and reached for his tented boxers . 
 `` seeing is believing , '' i teased , using his words from earlier against him . 
 `` and i believe i need to see this for myself . '' 
 not that i could see in the dark . 
 not with the blankets over us . 
 not that it mattered . 
 i dragged the material down his legs and freed his c * ck for my hands , moaning at the feeling of his hot flesh meeting my palms . 
 there was something about a man 's cock-all that delicate , soft skin over rigid hardness-that made me ache . 
 and brodie had a gorgeous cock . 
 thick and delicious , with a big , fat crown . 
 it was like he knew just how perfect his c * ck was and that was part of what made him so confident . 
 not that i wanted to feed his ego , of course . 
 `` not bad , not bad , '' i murmured . 
 he gave a short , wheezing laugh as my hands squeezed his flesh . 
 `` you kidding me ? 
 you love it , do n't you ? '' 
 `` i would never say such things aloud and inflate your pride , '' i told him with a smile . 
 `` i think it 's big enough . 
 and i wo n't know for sure if i love it or not until i give it a little taste . '' 
 i leaned in and ran my tongue over the head of it . 
 `` mmm . 
 has potential . 
 i think i need to taste it again to make sure . '' 
 `` kandis , '' he moaned , voice ragged . 
 `` you are such a f ** king tease . '' 
 `` i am , are n't i ? 
 and you love it . '' 
 i dragged my tongue over the head again , tracing it and learning the contours . 
 the head was definitely thick , the ridge around the crown so prominent and delicious that i wanted to spend hours just tracing it with the tip of my tongue and learning all its secrets . 
 the head of his c * ck was beaded with pr ** um that reappeared no matter how many times i swiped it away with my tongue , and i loved that i was driving him so crazy . 
 i let my fingertips flutter down to his sac and trailed my mouth down his length , exploring him . 
 he groaned again . 
 `` take me in your mouth . '' 
 his demands were making me all wet with need again , but i did n't tell him that . 
 i ignored his words and caressed his sac a bit longer and then brushed my lips over the head of his c * ck in a blatant tease . 
 `` do what with my mouth ? '' 
 his hand went to my short hair and he fisted his hand in my locks , pushing my head down on his cock . 
 `` kandis . 
 need your lips on me . 
 need to be in your mouth . '' 
 i resisted his pushing . 
 `` you need it ? '' 
 i teased . 
 `` god , yes . 
 you have no idea how many times i 've jerked off to thinking about your mouth down there . '' 
 he had ? 
 when and where ? 
 the thought of him furtively stroking his c * ck in shadowy corners sent delicious flutters through me , and i rewarded him by closing my lips around the head of his cock . 
 his hand tightened on the back of my head , and this time , when he pushed , i let him guide , taking him deep into my mouth . 
 `` my beautiful kandis . 
 just like that . 
 your mouth is paradise on earth . '' 
 i swirled my tongue around his c * ck and then drew back until only the head was in my mouth . 
 then , i worked him deep again . 
 my hand wrapped around the base of his cock , and it became my goal to take him deep until my lips hit my curled hand . 
 and with every stroke deep into my mouth , brodie groaned all over again . 
 then his hand tugged at my hair . 
 `` get up , baby . 
 i 'm going to come . '' 
 i ignored him , working him over , sucking him deep until the head of his c * ck butted against the back of my throat . 
 his breathing was shallow and rough , and i loved that , loved taking him deep into my mouth and giving him so much pleasure that he lost control . 
 brodie 's fingers curled tight in my hair , and that was the only warning i got before he came , the hot splash of his come going down the back of my throat . 
 i swallowed , my throat working around his cock , nearly gagging me with his length . 
 he pulled out a moment later and his hand caressed my cheek , even as he panted and tried to regain his breath . 
 `` that was incredible . '' 
 i swallowed again , wiped the edges of my mouth , and then crawled up the bed to curl up at his side . 
 `` glad you liked it . '' 
 `` loved it , '' he said , pressing a kiss to my forehead . 
 he chuckled . 
 `` i 'm going to be sad when i go home and we 're not sharing a bed any longer . '' 
 i said nothing . 
 funny how my heart squeezed at the thought of that . 
 so he was already thinking about going home ? 
 i had n't even considered it . 
 did n't want to think about it . 
 the outside world seemed like a distant , unpleasant place full of worry and stress . 
 at least here in this house , the biggest concern was whether or not someone was going to nominate you . 
 things like bills and paying the rent and parents on a destructive path did n't matter . 
 and in here ? 
 i had delicious , sexy , confident brodie who said he had my back until the end and loved making out with me . 
 even if this was n't reality , it was enough for me , for now . 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ the next morning , brodie was n't weird about our little make-out session . 
 he simply winked at me over breakfast , as if we were sharing a secret . 
 then , he treated me like he always had-a bit of flirting , a bit of teasing , and just our normal partnership . 
 i could deal with that . 
 it made things easier . 
 and if i wanted to hold his hand every now and then when we were all curled up on one of the lounges , just chatting ? 
 that was my problem , not his . 
 we were curled up in the sun on the lounge chairs that the smokers had claimed as their own , when the intercom chimed , announcing an incoming message . 
 `` all contestants please proceed to the challenge area for your final reward challenge of the season ! '' 
 the other contestants and i exchanged a glance . 
 `` last reward challenge of the season ? '' 
 i asked , curious . 
 `` is n't this kind of early ? '' 
 i counted heads , thinking . 
 we still had seven contestants in the house out of twelve . 
 that meant at least five more weeks in the house , right ? 
 unless they were planning on switching things up . 
 `` maybe they ran out of challenge ideas , '' marla suggested and stubbed out her cigarette before getting to her feet . 
 maybe so . 
 we headed to the challenge area that had been roped off and curtained . 
 since brodie had power , he 'd be running the challenge . 
 and since we were singles now , i could compete . 
 i lined up with the others and waited for the curtains to be pulled back . 
 brodie grabbed the card that dangled from a rope and began to read . 
 `` hello , contestants . 
 this is your last reward challenge of the season , so we 've decided to make this one truly worth your while . 
 today , you 'll participate in a zombie party . 
 it 's kind of like musical chairs , but with a twist . '' 
 he put down the card and grabbed the cord to the immense challenge-area curtain , dragging it backward and revealing the challenge area . 
 i blinked . 
 it looked like a giant ball pit . 
 well , sort of . 
 if ball-pits were a swimming pool filled with reddish water and small pink and green balls . 
 more of the foggy mist from nearby smoke machines covered the area . 
 brodie pulled out the card again . 
 `` this pit is filled to the brim with balls . 
 some have been weighted so they 'll sink , and some will float . 
 the pit is once again filled with blood - '' we all groaned , remembering the goopy ` blood ' from the first challenge . '' 
 - and when i say go , '' brodie continued reading , `` you 'll all dive in and look for a ball shaped like a brain . 
 grab one and proceed to one of the chairs on the sidelines . '' 
 he pointed at the row of pink and green chairs on the edge of the tank . 
 only five were lined up . 
 `` the last person to arrive with a brain will not have a chair , and they will be out . 
 once that round is completed , five will fight , and four will move on to the next round . 
 we 'll continue the challenge in such a fashion until we get down to two people . 
 the last person to win a chair gets the ultimate reward-twenty-five thousand dollars . '' 
 i sucked in a breath so loudly that the others turned to look at me . 
 i did n't care . 
 twenty-five thousand dollars would go a really long way towards helping mom . 
 it meant that even if i did n't win , i 'd have a little bit of security for a time . 
 maybe we could figure out what to do about her mortgages and her gambling issues . 
 i needed to win this . 
 i trembled at the thought of twenty five grand . 
 twenty-five grand would pay off the most pressing credit card debt and allow my mom to catch up on her two mortgages . 
 it 'd be gone in a flash , but it was a start , and one i desperately needed . 
 `` does everyone understand the rules ? '' 
 brodie looked down the line , and his gaze seemed to linger on me for a moment . 
 `` ready ? 
 go ! '' 
 we raced across the challenge area and stumbled our way into the pool . 
 the challenge pool was only about three feet deep , but the balls-and the goo covering everything-made it hard to move around . 
 i settled for slowly mucking through , grabbing at each ball . 
 they were all the size of a fist , and upon closer inspection , not all of them were regularly shaped . 
 some were footballs , some were shaped like eggs , and some just looked as if they 'd been half-deflated and shoved into the water . 
 more balls-weighted ones-smacked against my legs in the syrupy goo . 
 trying to find a ` brain ' in this was going to be like finding a needle in a haystack . 
 at my side , sunnie squealed and held something aloft and then began to slowly trudge her way out of the pool . 
 well , shit . 
 if she could find one , surely i could . 
 i began to grab at the shifting , squirming balls under the water , looking for ridges or irregular shapes . 
 a brain would have something like that , right ? 
 i spotted one a few feet from me by sheer chance , and i dove for it . 
 i plowed into the muck face-first but was successful in grabbing it . 
 as i dripped my way out of the pool , i thumped into a seat with a whoop , soaked from head to toe in red goop . 
 a few moments later , jendan was out of the pool and slamming into a seat . 
 fido and jayme were next , and marla was still in the pool . 
 she threw her hands up in disgust as the buzzer sounded . 
 `` marla is out , '' brodie announced . 
 `` everybody stand up again . '' 
 we did , and he took one of the chairs away . 
 when we deposited the ` brain ' balls in a bucket at his feet , we headed back to the starting area . 
 at his call , we dove in for the next round . 
 this time , i was the first one to slosh out of the pit with my prize . 
 one by one , the others emerged until only fido was left . 
 he wiped goop off his cheek and shook his head as he moved to go sit next to marla . 
 jendan won the next round , and the two after it . 
 i hung with him , though , and when the final round began , it was just jendan and me . 
 i practically danced with excitement . 
 i was nervous , of course , and exhausted from slogging through the muck back and forth , but i wanted that money so bad i could taste it at this point . 
 i 'd endure for a bit longer if it meant i 'd get that safety net of twenty-five thousand dollars . 
 the other girls cheered for me when i got in place for the final round . 
 `` you just give up now , jendan , '' i called out . 
 `` that money 's mine . '' 
 `` kandis wants that money bad , '' sunnie called . 
 `` better not get in her way . '' 
 jendan just looked over at me and grinned , his face smeared with red . 
 his teeth seemed unnaturally white in his face . 
 `` that so ? 
 you need the money ? '' 
 `` more than you know , '' i said , and i gave a small laugh to take the seriousness out of my words . 
 `` final round , '' brodie called from his place at the sidelines , where the final chair remained . 
 `` ready ? 
 go ! '' 
 jendan and i tore back into the pool , splashing through the thick , murky red water and dragging our hands through the myriad balls . 
 my breathing was shallow with anxiety . 
 i had to find one before he did . 
 had to . 
 minutes passed and i could n't find one on the surface , so i dragged my hands through the water , looking for the ones that bobbed below . 
 my stomach was in hard knots-i needed this so bad . 
 just one brain ! 
 just one ! 
 surely i could find one . 
 at my side , jendan dragged his hands through the water , having no more luck than me . 
 `` come on , '' i muttered . 
 `` i need this . 
 come on . '' 
 `` you need it bad , huh ? '' 
 jendan was at my side , pushing through the sea of sliding , gooey pink and green balls . 
 `` i do , '' i said , pushing aside a pile that was off to my left . 
 `` you have no idea how badly . '' 
 `` mmm , '' was all he said . 
 he pushed through a nearby pile . 
 i turned to look at him . 
 as soon as i did , i spotted one . 
 it lay atop a pile of its siblings , drippy lines of red coating it . 
 it was also right next to jendan 's hand . 
 as i watched , he looked at me , down at it , and then deliberately , slowly turned away . 
 he was letting me win . 
 i could have kissed the man . 
 i lunged for the brain and grasped it in my hand , feeling a surge of success that mingled with my guilt . 
 he was letting me win ... because i needed it more than a stuntman , maybe ? 
 whatever the reason , jendan had my thanks . 
 hauling ass -lrb- well , as much as one could in a pool of clinging goo -rrb- , i headed to the final chair and slid into it . 
 i raised the brain into the air and gave a victorious cheer . 
 `` winner ! '' 
 brodie grabbed my messy , sticky arm and raised it above my head . 
 `` kandis gets the twenty-five grand ! '' 
 i whooped again and immediately burst into tears , emotional . 
 twenty-five grand would help so much . 
 it meant digging mom out of the hole , even if it was only a little . 
 it meant i would n't have to get a second-or third-job to keep her above water . 
 and jendan let me win it . 
 `` aw , she 's so emotional , '' sunnie said . 
 brodie and i high-fived each other , reluctant to hug and get our clothing stuck to each other . 
 when jendan came to my side , though , i threw my arms around his neck and hugged the heck out of him . 
 `` you are the best man ever , '' i told him in a low voice . 
 he laughed and gave me a tight hug back . 
 `` nah . 
 i just know what it 's like to need the money . '' 
 i stiffened and pulled away from him , our shirts peeling apart with a wet noise . 
 shame filled me . 
 `` oh god . 
 did you need the money - '' he shook his head . 
 `` no , i 'm fine . 
 i was speaking in past tense . 
 it 's your win . '' 
 i hugged him again , tears streaking down my face . 
 `` all right , all right , '' marla said in a sour voice . 
 `` you two get a room . '' 
 i giggled through my tears and pulled away from jendan . 
 `` ugh . 
 speaking of rooms , i need a shower . '' 
 i glanced over at brodie , grinning . 
 he was n't smiling . 
 in fact , he 'd left entirely and headed into the house . 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ there was one good thing about having wickedly short hair - it took no time at all to clean it . 
 i took a quick shower to clean off after the challenge and raked a comb through my wet locks , and then i dressed in my favorite yoga pants and an off-the-shoulder tee before heading back into the power room . 
 brodie was there , sitting on the edge of the bed , waiting for me . 
 i tossed my towel in the laundry basket and headed to the bed , sitting on the edge next to him . 
 `` what 's bothering you ? '' 
 he regarded me for a long moment and then leaned backward and propped his head up on one hand , laying on his side . 
 his fingers traced a pattern on the blanket that reminded me of the touches he 'd given my inner thighs last night , and i clamped my legs shut in memory . 
 and he still said nothing . 
 i nudged him with my hand . 
 `` something 's bothering you . 
 it 's not like the infamous brodie short to be silent and pensive . '' 
 i was hoping he 'd laugh at my joke , but his mouth only cocked in a half smile and he continued to trace patterns on the blanket with his other hand . 
 `` i saw jendan throw the challenge . 
 he picked that ball up , looked at you , and then tossed it down . 
 two seconds later , you grabbed it . '' 
 so he 'd noticed that ? 
 i nodded . 
 `` i know . 
 he let me win . '' 
 `` you want to tell me why jendan would throw away twenty-five grand ? '' 
 `` because he does n't need it ? 
 i imagine stuntmen are paid pretty well , '' i said , and ran a hand through my wet hair again , oddly nervous . 
 i felt like a kid that had been caught with a hand in the cookie jar . 
 `` yeah , but i do n't think that 's it . 
 is there something going on between you two that i should know about ? '' 
 i gaped . 
 `` are you kidding me ? '' 
 he shrugged , trying to seem all casual . 
 `` i know you and i are pretty cozy . 
 i know you 're also cozy with him . 
 i 'm just wondering if it 's the same kind of cozy . '' 
 i sucked in a breath . 
 how dare he ? 
 i shoved him and began to push off the bed . 
 `` fuck you - '' brodie 's arms grabbed me and hauled me back down on the bed . 
 `` oh no you do n't . '' 
 `` let me go ! '' 
 `` not until we talk . '' 
 he wriggled over my flailing body until his weight pinned me onto the bed . 
 brodie looked down at me . 
 `` i want to know what 's going on . '' 
 `` nothing 's going on , you suspicious turd , '' i told him , glaring up at him over me . 
 `` you 're the only one i 'm fooling around with in this house , and i question the wisdom of doing that as it is . '' 
 `` do you , now . '' 
 a slow , wicked smile curved his mouth . 
 `` you find hooking up with me unwise ? '' 
 `` horribly unwise , '' i said , my voice breathy . 
 i was still angry , but that anger was giving way to desire faster than my brain could process his nearness . 
 i was so close that i could reach out and lick his perfect chin . 
 not that i wanted to do that , of course . 
 not that licking brodie was wise . 
 in fact , it was downright stupid . 
 and stupid was going to end up costing me in this game . 
 i just knew it . 
 he wiggled his eyebrows at me . 
 `` wan na do some unwise stuff right now ? '' 
 i shoved at him . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` that 's cool , '' he said , and his hands tightened on my pinned wrists . 
 `` that just means you can tell me all about why jendan just gave you twenty-five grand instead of trying to get it for himself . 
 you homeless outside of here or something ? '' 
 to my horror , tears welled in my eyes . 
 man , he hit the nail on the head pretty close there . 
 `` not exactly . '' 
 the look on brodie 's face turned from calculating to concerned . 
 he rolled off of me and then hauled me up until i was sitting upright . 
 `` what is it ? 
 talk to me , kandis . 
 we 're partners . '' 
 i swiped at the tears running down my face . 
 `` it 's stupid . 
 i mean , everyone has their reasons for being here , do n't they ? 
 mine are no more important than everyone else 's . '' 
 `` you let me be the judge of that , '' brodie said , and he reached out and brushed a stray tear off my jaw . 
 `` now , spit it out . '' 
 `` it 's my mom , '' i said in an anxious rush . 
 `` she 's a gambling addict . 
 she goes to the casinos every weekend and spends every dollar she has . 
 i do n't know how long it 's been going on , but i do know that at this time , she has two mortgages on her house and is behind on both of them . 
 she 's about to lose her house . 
 her credit card debt is insane , her car was just repossessed , she has no grocery money , and she still somehow finds money to go to the casino . 
 i do n't make enough at my job to help take care of her . 
 i 've been trying to , but it 's not working . '' 
 the stress of it all just made my eyes brim all over again . 
 `` and what is it you do outside of this house ? 
 you said you were a student , but i 'm guessing that 's a lie . '' 
 a wry smile curved my mouth . 
 `` i 'm a zumba instructor at a fitness club . '' 
 his eyes widened with appreciation , and he gave me one of those heart-melting grins . 
 `` that explains why you have an ass that wo n't quit , then . 
 damn . 
 that 's hot . '' 
 i sniffed . 
 why was it that brodie 's commentary could always bring a smile out of me no matter how sad i was ? 
 `` so what do you do outside of here ? 
 other than show up on reality tv , of course . '' 
 `` i wait tables . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` actually , i wanted to use the shows to springboard my way into hollywood . '' 
 i blanched at the thought . 
 mactor . 
 and proud of it , too . 
 `` but , '' he continued , and shrugged his tanned shoulders . 
 `` the longer i have a camera in my face , the more i think that this is fun but not what i 'd want to do with my life . 
 what exactly , i 'm not sure . '' 
 i knew that feeling . 
 being in the house was fun , but the sense of ` un-reality ' in the reality tv show could drive you a little nutty at times . 
 `` it does n't have anything to do with being portrayed as a villain last year ? '' 
 he just grinned at me as if proud . 
 `` i did n't mind that . 
 katy got pissy at me , but she 's my sister . 
 you can pull stuff with your sister that you ca n't with other people . 
 i knew she would n't stay mad at me for long . 
 i 'd just give her puppy dog eyes , and we 'd be all better . '' 
 as if to prove this , he stuck his lower lip out and batted his lashes at me . 
 i groaned and swiped at him with one of the throw pillows on the bed . 
 `` nice try , but if you screw me over , i 'm not going to be as forgiving as katy . 
 i need that money . '' 
 `` we both need the money , '' he agreed . 
 `` trouble is , only one of us can win it . '' 
 `` yeah , well , i think i need it more than you . '' 
 `` hey now , did n't i just tell you that i 'm a waiter ? 
 at least you have a real job . '' 
 `` yeah , but it does n't pay crazy money . 
 i have enough to cover my own bills , but not my mom 's , too . 
 and she 's got no one but me . '' 
 i sobered , the good mood fleeting . 
 `` i need a lot of money to help dig her out of the hole she 's gotten into and to get her some help . 
 it ... feels crushing at times . '' 
 even now , i felt that familiar panic whenever i thought about my mom . 
 how helpless i was to stop her . 
 she was a grown woman . 
 she could make her own decisions . 
 and yet ... i felt responsible . 
 i sucked in a deep , calming breath . 
 i was here on the show to help her . 
 brodie nodded and dragged me closer to him until he 'd pulled me against his chest . 
 `` we 'll figure something out . 
 i 've got your back . '' 
 i cuddled against his chest , hating myself for how much i enjoyed being in his arms . 
 `` you promise you wo n't say anything about my mom to the others ? 
 i do n't want them to know . '' 
 just thinking about the others knowing my problems made me feel weirdly vulnerable , and it was a sensation i did n't like . 
 `` well , it 's clear jendan suspects something , '' brodie said , and his fingers scratched at the sides of my shaved head comfortingly . 
 `` but do n't worry . 
 you can trust me . '' 
 trust brodie short . 
 god , i was stupid if i did . 
 and yet ... `` just do n't burn me at the end , okay ? '' 
 `` i wo n't . 
 i promise . '' 
 and for some reason , i believed him . 
 chapter eight `` so yeah , for the first time in my life , i 'm letting a woman drive the relationship . 
 kandis says no sex , so we do n't have sex . 
 and i 'm fine with that . 
 really . 
 my balls might not be , but my brain is . '' 
 - brodie short , day 40 the week had been an eventful one . 
 it was like the house was a car that had gone from neutral into first gear . 
 it seemed like every other day , someone was being voted out of the house . 
 true to what we 'd decided , brodie put up fido and sunnie , and fido was the one to go home . 
 he looked stunned at his eviction , though he 'd shook hands and hugged everyone as he left . 
 two days later , marla won the power play and put up sunnie and jayme . 
 neither one looked surprised , though they 'd both shot dirty looks my way , as if i were some sort of mastermind that had schemed to get them all out of the house . 
 heck , maybe i was , but i was n't the only one to blame here . 
 and i did n't care . 
 i was n't here to make lifelong friends . 
 i was here to make a million dollars . 
 if i were here to make friends , i 'd probably play more like brodie . 
 the thought had crossed my mind that brodie was using this house-and me-as a social network of connections he could play on to win the money . 
 everyone liked brodie , even when they got voted out . 
 he saw them off with a smile and a hug , and for the girls , a flirtatious wink . 
 when we voted sunnie out a few days later , she 'd been snotty and irritated toward marla , jendan , and i . 
 but when it was time for her to go , sunnie hugged brodie for so long that becky cleared her throat into the microphone . 
 that had n't sat so well with me . 
 brodie and i had kept things to a playful simmer in regards to our pseudo-relationship . 
 we were still partners in the game , but i was n't sure if we were more than that or if we 'd ever be . 
 every night , we 'd crawl into bed together and wait for two am to roll around . 
 as soon as it did ? 
 all bets were off . 
 for the next two hours , we 'd cuddle , make out , and generally do everything short of actual sex . 
 it was like penetration was the next step , and we 'd mutually decided not to go further ... but that did n't mean we could n't have fun in the meantime . 
 however , outside of the bedroom , you 'd never know that more was going on between brodie and me than flirting . 
 he gave me the same casual affection that he gave marla and jayme . 
 if he hugged me ? 
 he made sure to hug the other women . 
 if he tickled me or swam with me in the pool ? 
 i 'd see him doing the same with jayme not an hour later . 
 it messed with my head in a major way . 
 what was my relationship with brodie ? 
 something simply to pass the time in a house where we had no tv ? 
 or something more ? 
 it was impossible to tell , and i 'd been hoisted on my own petard because i was the one insisting that we keep it a secret . 
 but now it was so secret that i was n't sure it was real . 
 of course , how stupid was it to fall for a guy that was known to be a lying flirt in a situation like this ? 
 it was like i was just begging for my heart to be broken . 
 it was almost like brodie had no qualms about doing it . 
 `` there 's just jayme left now , '' brodie announced to our small group when we had our next bedtime meeting . 
 `` that means one of us needs to be nominated alongside her this week for eviction . 
 and i think kandis needs to go up . '' 
 i recoiled at the suggestion , hurt . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` someone has to go up , '' brodie said . 
 `` jayme needs someone she 's guaranteed not to win against . '' 
 `` yeah , but why me ? '' 
 just the thought made me nervous . 
 brodie gestured at the power play necklace looped around his neck . 
 `` because i have this , which means i ca n't go up . 
 and i do n't think marla and jendan would trust us if we nominated one of them , am i right ? '' 
 he looked at the pair sitting across from us . 
 marla crossed her arms over her chest and nodded . 
 `` i do n't want it to be me . 
 not that i do n't trust you guys , but ... i 'd rather kandis go up . '' 
 `` i 'll go , '' jendan offered , and he glanced at me . 
 `` but i admit it would n't be comfortable for me . '' 
 `` no , '' marla said firmly to her partner . 
 `` do not volunteer , jendan . 
 if you go out in a surprise move , i 'm the next one out the door . '' 
 she looked back at me . 
 `` i 'm sorry , kandis , but it has to be you if our alliance is going to stick . '' 
 i opened my mouth to protest , but brodie put his hand on my knee , distracting me . 
 `` kandis has to be the one to go up , '' he said again . 
 `` and we all vote for jayme , right ? '' 
 `` right , '' marla said , so quickly that it immediately made me suspicious . 
 my heart thumped in my chest . 
 that was the problem with a game like this-you did n't trust anyone to have your back . 
 the only one i trusted was brodie . 
 and i questioned the wisdom of that anyhow . 
 `` you 're safe , baby , '' brodie told me , with another caress of my knee . 
 `` do n't worry . '' 
 `` baby ? '' 
 marla 's eyebrows shot up . 
 `` did you just call her baby ? '' 
 oh shit . 
 `` um . '' 
 `` slip of the tongue , '' brodie said easily . 
 `` nothing to concern anyone . '' 
 `` oh yeah ? 
 it concerns me if you 're slipping her the tongue , '' marla said . 
 `` that implies a deeper partnership than we thought . '' 
 `` well , of course we 're playing with partners . '' 
 he gestured at jendan . 
 `` you do n't seriously think that i believe you 'd keep me over jendan at any time , do you ? 
 kandis is my partner . 
 this should n't be surprising . '' 
 `` are you two sleeping together ? '' 
 she wanted to know . 
 `` of course not , '' i protested . 
 `` every night , '' brodie said at the same time . 
 i looked over at him , scandalized . 
 `` well , we are . 
 same bed . '' 
 he patted the mattress . 
 `` that 's not what i meant , '' marla snapped . 
 `` i know it 's not what you meant , '' brodie replied , his tone effortless . 
 `` but that 's also none of your business . '' 
 `` it is if it affects my game ! '' 
 `` it wo n't affect your game . '' 
 `` how can you be sure ? '' 
 `` because i 'm putting my partner up on the block this week . '' 
 she shut up at that . 
 i was starting to get nervous , though . 
 i was going up on the block , and now marla was mad because she -lrb- correctly -rrb- thought brodie and i were an item . 
 did that mean she was going to switch her vote ? 
 i looked at jendan , but he was impossible to read . 
 it seemed like i was just going to have to trust people . 
 damn it . 
 i did n't trust anyone . 
 `` if you guys dick me over , i 'm going to be the most bitter juror ever . 
 just so you know . '' 
 brodie laughed . 
 jendan just shook his head ruefully . 
 marla did n't smile . 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ `` it 's time for our nominations , and then we 'll proceed immediately to the vote , '' house mother becky bradley said over the intercom . 
 `` are you ready , house guests ? '' 
 we clapped politely to show we were , and brodie stood in the front of the room , the power play necklace gleaming against his dark shirt . 
 he stood , his stance casual and easy and utterly sexy . 
 his gaze moved over the five of us individually , but i was pretty sure it lingered on me . 
 he winked in my direction . 
 `` tonight , '' he said , `` it 's pure strategy . 
 i 'm putting some trust in people , and therefore my nominations are jayme , '' he pointed at her , and then his gaze swung to me . 
 and even though i knew it was coming , my stomach still dropped . '' 
 - and kandis . '' 
 i got up from my seat and smoothed my dress . 
 i was barefoot , but that was the only concession to my nerves . 
 i 'd taken extra care on my appearance today , just in case i got voted out . 
 if i did ? 
 the last view i wanted everyone to have of me should be smoking hot . 
 i told myself that this was for everyone 's sake , but it was a lie . 
 it was mostly for brodie , just in case he betrayed me . 
 if he did , i wanted him to realize what he was throwing away . 
 so i 'd worn a body-hugging dress that showed off every one of my lithe muscles and my trim figure . 
 i 'd packed one for such an occasion , and i was glad to have it . 
 i could n't do anything with my short hair , so i 'd blow-dried it and then flipped it over one side so it just looked like an edgy bob a la miley cyrus . 
 my eyes were done up in smoky makeup , and i wore a pair of dangly earrings i 'd borrowed from marla . 
 i looked sexy , mohawk and all . 
 and i could see in brodie 's eyes that he thought i looked hot , too . 
 he barely even glanced over at jayme , even though she was equally done up and seated next to me in the nomination chairs . 
 `` the nominations are in , '' becky chirped over the intercom . 
 `` we 'll let the nominees speak . 
 kandis ? '' 
 i stood up from my chair , turned to face my friends , and smiled . 
 i was supposed to make a speech , but ... we knew this was a sham , right ? 
 so all i said was , `` do n't screw me , guys . '' 
 and then i sat down . 
 they laughed . 
 i was n't laughing . 
 i looked over at brodie , but he only gave me a small nod , as if saying ` trust me . ' 
 i did . 
 my game life was in his hands . 
 after my short speech , jayme got up and gave the typical , you-want-my-vote-keep-me-around speech . 
 i did n't listen . 
 i could n't . 
 i was too keyed up . 
 if marla wanted to split me and brodie , now would be the perfect time . 
 i 'd never be more vulnerable . 
 jayme dropped back into her seat , and the intercom came on again . 
 `` it 's time for the vote , house guests ! '' 
 i watched as they headed off into the voting booth as individuals , scarcely able to breathe through my nervousness . 
 my legs were crossed and my foot in the air swung madly , and i was unable to stop my fidgeting . 
 `` the votes are in , '' becky announced an eternity later . 
 we waited . 
 i held my breath . 
 becky 's gaze flicked from me back to jayme . 
 `` jayme , you 've been evicted . '' 
 my breath escaped me in a rush . 
 i was safe . 
 they had n't lied . 
 brodie 's gamble had worked . 
 i got up and hugged jayme woodenly . 
 as soon as i let her go , brodie was there , and i put my arms around him and hugged him with an intense amount of relief , wanting to retreat into his arms . 
 he stroked my short hair and murmured , `` do n't you worry , baby . 
 i 've got your back . '' 
 he did . 
 and i was so giddy with happiness that i could have danced with joy . 
 i barely noticed when jayme left the house . 
 i was still in a daze when we all went out to the challenge area , and the next power play started . 
 it was horror-movie themed , a nod to alfred hitchcock . 
 one by one , we entered a sealed shower booth and tried to catch as many styrofoam crows as we could in a minute . 
 i was n't sure if it was a nod to psycho , or the birds , or both . 
 i went first . 
 i got thirty-two . 
 jendan got twenty-nine . 
 marla got fourteen . 
 brodie had won the last power play , and he could n't participate . 
 but he gave a whoop of joy when the results were announced and a moment later , he looped the necklace around my throat . 
 it was down to the four of us , and i had power this week . 
 i was safe until the final three . 
 heck , i was safe beyond that . 
 i planned on nominating marla , and she 'd go home . 
 if it was jendan , brodie , and me in the final three , i was sitting in the final two with either of them . 
 holy shit . 
 i was going to win this thing . 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ my power room was awesome . 
 i squealed with delight when i saw that it was done in my favorite colors-pink and black-and gerbera daisies had been placed in vases around the room . 
 i loved daisies . 
 my fridge was filled to the brim with ben and jerry 's in my favorite flavors , and cans of my favorite soda were lined up on top of a nearby shelf . 
 it was perfect . 
 the house was down to four people , and i had power . 
 i was going to win house guests . 
 it made me giddy with excitement . 
 i wanted to roll around on the bed like a puppy , celebrating my victory . 
 instead , i changed into my sleep-wear of a long t-shirt and panties and settled for flopping backward onto the mattress and stretching out , a sigh of utter bliss escaping my lungs . 
 brodie shut the door to the room and leaned on it , looking over at me . 
 he chuckled . 
 `` happy ? '' 
 `` you have no idea , '' i told him , smiling . 
 of course , i could n't tell him why i was so happy . 
 winning the million would mean i was going to beat him . 
 he would n't be thrilled about that . 
 i felt a twinge of unhappiness that i could n't share the money with him , though , and that my victory would mean his defeat . 
 we 'd known that going in , of course-friendships would n't last the tv season . 
 but the thought of brodie being angry at me made me ache . 
 for some reason , the last thing i wanted was brodie to be upset at me . 
 brodie moved to the bedside and laid down next to me , propped up on one elbow . 
 he faced me , a grin curving his mouth . 
 he was so handsome that i wanted to run my hands all over him . 
 if only it were n't for the damn cameras on us at the moment . 
 `` you 've got an interesting gleam in your eye , '' brodie murmured , voice deliberately low so the microphones would n't pick it up . 
 `` what are you thinking ? '' 
 `` honestly ? '' 
 i rolled on my side to face him . 
 `` yes , honestly . '' 
 `` i was thinking that it sucks that we have to wait until two for the cameras to go off . '' 
 my fingers plucked at the blanket . 
 `` were you , now ? '' 
 brodie 's voice grew husky , his eyelids heavy . 
 his hand moved to cover mine , and i felt his thumb caress the soft flesh between my thumb and forefinger . 
 `` and why is that , sexy lady ? '' 
 `` obvious reasons , '' i whispered back , my fingers flexing against his ticklish ones . 
 `` because you 're ... sleepy ? '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` oh yeah . 
 totally sleepy . '' 
 i was in my pajamas , but i 'd never felt more awake . 
 his fingers lightly trailed over the back of my hand and grazed patterns on my bare arm . 
 `` that 's a shame . 
 i was thinking of all kinds of things we could do if we stayed up late . '' 
 `` mmm , is that so ? '' 
 i could n't wait to hear this . 
 `` some celebratory stuff . '' 
 he shrugged as if his words did n't matter , but his fingers kept sliding over my skin , and my n ** ples grew hard . 
 `` little bit of this , little bit of that ... '' `` i 'm disappointed , '' i told him . 
 `` i only get a little bit ? 
 i could have sworn you were packing more in there . '' 
 and i deliberately flicked my gaze to his crotch . 
 his grin contained a mixture of delight and arousal . 
 `` oh , i 'm definitely packing enough for you , baby . '' 
 there was that ` baby ' again . 
 `` you almost got us in trouble earlier , baby . 
 what 's with the nickname ? '' 
 he looked a little wounded at my questioning . 
 `` what , you 're not my baby ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 am i ? '' 
 `` i 'm actually a little offended that you have to ask . '' 
 `` you kidding me ? '' 
 i rolled onto my back and propped up on both elbows , scowling at him . 
 `` you hit on everything female . 
 how am i supposed to know if i 'm special to you or if this is just more gameplay - '' brodie leaned forward , his mouth pressing against mine and interrupting my words . 
 heck , he interrupted my thoughts , too . 
 his lips were firm on mine , the weight of him pressing over me distracting . 
 when he licked into my mouth , i moaned . 
 that felt so good it was sinful . 
 `` you like my mouth on yours , kandis ? '' 
 his breath was warm against my skin , his body heavy over mine . 
 he pressed me against the bed , and i felt my now-hard n ** ples brush against his chest when he moved . 
 `` you like it when i touch your tongue with mine ? '' 
 a whimper was my only response . 
 `` that 's good , baby , '' he said against my lips . 
 his gaze above mine was sleepy with arousal , eyes heavy-lidded . 
 `` because if i flirt with them , it 's all for the game . 
 you 're the only one i put my mouth on . 
 the only one i touch . 
 and you 're sure as shit the only one that gets me so f ** king hard that i have to go take a shower in the middle of the day just so i can f ** king jerk off . '' 
 i gasped at his crude words . 
 god , that was sexy to hear . 
 `` did you jerk off today ? '' 
 `` hell yes , '' he said , and he ran the tip of his tongue lazily along the line of my jaw . 
 `` i woke up and you were all curled up against me with that sexy hair sticking up , and your shirt was all hiked up . 
 and i knew i could n't touch you with the cameras on , so i took an early morning shower and took care of myself . '' 
 he nipped at my skin . 
 `` though i 'm pretty sure i said your name so loud when i came that they caught it on the microphones . '' 
 i shivered at the thought of brodie in the shower , hands on his c * ck all because i 'd been curled up against him . 
 `` so , '' he murmured , and i felt his hands slide over my sides , feathering oh-so-close to my aching br ** sts . 
 `` does that satisfy you , baby ? 
 or do you still think that i 'm f ** king around with all the chicks in here ? '' 
 i shook my head and arched against him . 
 i trusted him . 
 i might get burned for it later , but damn , brodie was convincing when he wanted to be . 
 and i so desperately wanted him to be telling me the truth . 
 i needed brodie short to be as messed up over me as i was over him . 
 and right now ? 
 i was pretty messed up on him . 
 especially with his big body on top of mine . 
 i sighed heavily . 
 his fingers stroked the tousled hair off of my brow in an affectionate touch . 
 `` what 's that sigh for , beautiful ? '' 
 `` just thinking how long it is until two , '' i told him , wiggling under him . 
 `` and how very hard . '' 
 he groaned . 
 `` you so do n't play fair . '' 
 `` nope , '' i agreed , feeling a bit mischievous . 
 i rolled my h * ps under him again . 
 `` guess we 'll just have to stick it out , huh ? '' 
 he gave me a speculative look and then leaned in to brush his mouth against mine again . 
 instead of the deep kiss i 'd expected , though , he murmured against my mouth . 
 `` there 's one place that they do n't film , you know . '' 
 i stared up at him blankly for a moment , and then it dawned on me . 
 the bathroom for the rest of the rooms in this spooky house were more like gym bathrooms in that they were intended for multiple users , and thus the common area was fair game for filming . 
 but the bathroom in the power room was a ` no cameras ' situation as it was a small closet of a room , intended for just one user . 
 it had a footed bath , a sink , and one toilet . 
 `` bathroom ? '' 
 `` bathroom , '' he agreed , and shot me a wicked grin that melted my resolve . 
 `` i 'm warning you , i do n't find the thought of making love on a toilet very sexy . '' 
 `` mmm , are we going to make love , then ? '' 
 his eyes gleamed . 
 `` i was thinking a little mutual gratification was not out of order , but if you 're up for taking it to the next level , i am , too . '' 
 and he rotated his h * ps against mine just to show me how very ` up ' he was . 
 i trailed my hands along his shoulders . 
 `` i 'm game if you 've got condoms . '' 
 and i was . 
 we 'd played at more for long enough . 
 i was ready for the real deal . 
 no more of this endless teasing . 
 he flashed another roguish grin at me and smacked my hip . 
 `` if we both go into the bathroom at the same time , i 'm pretty sure they 'll guess what we 're up to . '' 
 i was pretty sure i did n't care at the moment . 
 i was all fired up and turned on . 
 my body was pulsing with need , my toes practically curling at the thought of making love to brodie . 
 was i twitchy normally ? 
 i felt like a live wire at the moment . 
 if he did n't touch me soon , i was pretty sure i was going to lose my mind . 
 `` do n't care . '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 you ? '' 
 `` do i care if all of america knows i 'm sleeping with the sexiest , sneakiest woman i 've ever met ? 
 god , no . '' 
 he grinned and slapped his pectoral . 
 `` i 'll wear that shit like a badge of honor . '' 
 i laughed and smacked his shoulder . 
 `` will you , now ? '' 
 `` absolutely , '' he said , and his expression was serious when he gazed down at me . 
 `` i 've never wanted anyone more than i want you right now , kandis . '' 
 i shivered at the intensity in his gaze . 
 i expected him to laugh or wink to show me that he was back to being flirty , fun brodie , but the serious look never left his face . 
 god , that was hot . 
 i put my hands to his cheeks and dragged his face to mine , kissing the hell out of him . 
 he groaned , and his mouth melded to mine . 
 our kisses were long , wet , and so , so delicious . 
 finally , he pulled his mouth from mine . 
 `` bathroom ? '' 
 `` bathroom , '' i agreed . 
 he got up from the bed and held his hand out for me . 
 i slipped my hand in his , and we raced across the power room into the one place that they could n't film us . 
 chapter nine `` what happened in the bathroom last night ? 
 just a little bit of mind-your-own-f ** king-business , that 's all . 
 and quit snooping , you damn peeping toms . 
 ca n't you go watch marla natter on about her kids or something ? '' 
 - brodie short , day 52 the walk to the bathroom was probably fifteen feet , but it felt like forever . 
 my hand , tight in brodie 's , clenched when he swung the door open . 
 i was nervous , which was stupid . 
 i 'd fooled around with brodie night after night . 
 we 'd slept in the same bed for weeks . 
 but we 'd never taken things to the next level . 
 heck , he had n't really seen me nak * d and aroused . 
 naked in the shower -lrb- though he 'd sworn not to look -rrb- and petted me under clothes , but not the full monty . 
 this suddenly felt like a big deal . 
 but then we were in the bathroom , and brodie swung the door shut behind me . 
 no sooner was it shut than he 'd pinned me against the wall , and his mouth was on mine again and he was giving me hot , slick kisses with lots of tongue . 
 and i remembered why i wanted this so very badly . 
 brodie was the perfect package for me . 
 he was funny , sexy-god , so sexy-and smart . 
 he was flirty , which i liked , and competitive . 
 he played as hard as i did . 
 he was protective of me . 
 and he never , ever made me feel inadequate . 
 the opposite , actually . 
 brodie acted like i was the smartest , prettiest , sexiest girl he 'd ever met . 
 and around him , i felt that way . 
 he was the perfect man for me . 
 it was just a shame that i could n't stop thinking about the fact that he 'd fooled around with tesla spooner on the world races , and by doing so , had dicked over his partner . 
 i still did n't trust him . 
 i realized this even as his mouth slicked over mine . 
 at the moment , though , i did n't care one bit . 
 it was all about now , all about the moment , and i was determined to enjoy it . 
 his hands moved to my hips , grasping my body and pulling me flush against him , and i forgot everything but the pleasure of his touch . 
 i felt the press of his c * ck against my flesh , a hard bar of need . 
 it excited me , and i slid my hand between us and rubbed at him . 
 `` kandis , '' he breathed against my mouth . 
 `` you sure you want this , baby ? 
 no going back if we do this . '' 
 i melted a little at his words . 
 there was that `` baby '' again . 
 and he was asking me again , making sure that i wanted this just as much as he did . 
 i knew he did ; the proof of his desire was hot against my palm . 
 so i squeezed him and then stroked downward . 
 `` afraid i 'll be disappointed ? '' 
 his mouth curled into a cocksure brodie smile . 
 `` nope . '' 
 i grinned . 
 i loved that confidence in him . 
 `` i think you should prove it . '' 
 `` i think i 'm about to . '' 
 `` i 'm hearing a lot of talk , but i 'm not seeing a lot of action , '' i teased him . 
 `` so you need to see to believe ? 
 i can help you with that . '' 
 his fingers dragged at the spaghetti straps of my tank top . 
 `` but first we 'll need to get rid of all this . '' 
 i shivered at the graze of his fingers on my skin . 
 there was something so right-and inherently delicious-about brodie 's touch . 
 i held my breath when he slid the strap down my arm , baring my shoulder , and then he leaned in to kiss my skin . 
 scrumptious , scrumptious man . 
 i arched against him , letting the tips of my n ** ples brush against his shirt . 
 they were so hard that they poked through the thin fabric of my tank top . 
 `` look at these beauties , '' brodie said , and he cupped one of my br ** sts . 
 his thumb rolled my nipple through the fabric . 
 `` they look like they 're just begging for attention . '' 
 shocked pleasure coursed through me , and i whimpered , pressing against his hand . 
 he felt so good . 
 `` you going to keep ignoring them ? '' 
 his thumb kept rubbing , over and over , each caress of the pad of his thumb sending an aching pulse straight to my p ** sy . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 is this driving you crazy ? '' 
 he rubbed my nipple again , and his face leaned in close to mine , his eyes hazy and glazed with need . 
 `` cause i kind of like driving you insane , kandis . 
 feels like giving you just a little of what i 've been going through for the past few weeks knowing i could n't touch you . '' 
 my breath was coming in sharp little pants . 
 `` been driving you wild ? '' 
 `` you kidding me ? '' 
 he paused and pinched my nipple between his fingers and then rolled it back and forth in a way that made my body jolt deliciously . 
 `` every time i went in the workout room and you were doing one of those little zumba routines , shaking your ass ? 
 every time i woke up and felt your body curled up next to mine ? 
 every time you got wet in that pool and i saw your ass in a bikini ? 
 god , yes . 
 fucking jerked off to you so many damn times . '' 
 i dragged my arms around his neck , pulling him against me . 
 i loved hearing that i 'd been driving him insane . 
 hearing that turned me on almost as much as his touch did . 
 `` you 've been making me crazy , too . '' 
 `` have i ? '' 
 he breathed a chuckle . 
 `` sure does n't seem like it when you 're hanging out in the pool with jendan and whispering with him . '' 
 brodie 's mouth lowered to my neck and he began to lick and suck on the soft skin there . 
 `` you jealous ? '' 
 `` of a wealthy , successful stuntman who 's in cozy with my woman ? 
 abso-f ** king-loutely , '' he said , and then he sucked so hard on my neck that i whimpered . 
 it felt like his tongue was on my clit . 
 god , that was incredible . 
 i 'd have a hickey in the morning , and i totally did n't care . 
 let them see that brodie and i were together . 
 it did n't matter anymore now that it was just the four of us in the house . 
 `` you do n't have to be jealous , '' i told him . 
 my fingers dragged at the collar of his t-shirt . 
 `` he 's a friend , that 's all . '' 
 `` he 'd better be , '' brodie growled against my throat , and then he nipped at the tendons of my throat . 
 i gasped , surprised at how good that felt . 
 i 'd never paid much attention to the neck as an erogenous zone , but brodie seemed to know exactly how to touch me . 
 i chuckled and slid my fingers under his shirt sleeves , feeling the muscles of his arms . 
 he was taut under my grasp , no hint of flab . 
 nice . 
 i liked a man that worked out . 
 i dug my nails into his arms , appreciating the lack of give under them . 
 in response to my pawing , brodie kissed my collarbone and his fingers tugged at the collar of my oversized sleep-shirt , dragging it down until he exposed one breast . 
 his mouth slid there , and then he began to suck on the tip with the same intensity that he 'd worked on my neck . 
 i was lost . 
 a moan rose from my throat , and i clenched my hands against him even harder , unable to help myself . 
 his mouth on my sensitive skin felt so incredibly good . 
 his tongue teased the underside of my nipple , swirling and licking it with little flicks designed to drive me wild . 
 he continued the motions , over and over again , even as his other hand covered my other breast began to tease it with his fingers . 
 i pushed my head back , leaning heavily against the door . 
 oh god . 
 `` why did n't we do this weeks ago ? '' 
 `` fuck if i know , '' brodie said against my nipple . 
 he teased it with his teeth , eliciting another gasp from me . 
 `` damn , but you have some pretty br ** sts , kandis . '' 
 i slid my hand back to the front of his pants and rubbed his c * ck again . 
 if anything , it felt bigger than before . 
 ooh . 
 `` i want you nak * d. '' `` i want you nak * d , too , '' he murmured , nuzzling my nipple . 
 then , he bent to his knees and began to slide my panties down my legs . 
 i had to fight not to buck my h * ps as he kissed the skin he revealed . 
 instead , i pressed harder against the bathroom door , needing the strength to stay upright . 
 my knees seemed ridiculously weak and unable to support my weight , and every kiss that brodie pressed to my skin eroded that strength a little more . 
 then he was sliding the fabric past my h * ps and down my thighs , and i inhaled sharply , waiting . 
 `` you smell incredible , '' he said , his fingers caressing down my thighs as he stared , eye level , at my sex . 
 `` all soft and musky and ready for me . '' 
 for some reason , that made me flush with embarrassment . 
 he could smell my arousal ? 
 i pressed my thighs together a little more tightly , feeling self-conscious . 
 then he buried his face between my legs . 
 i gasped , utterly startled at his action . 
 we 'd had or * l s * x on the bed , of course . 
 brodie loved to lick me for hours , mostly because he knew it drove me crazy with lust . 
 but that had , up until this point , been under the blankets and with me on my back . 
 standing up with my back against the door , him kneeling before me as he tongued my p ** sy , panties around my ankles ? 
 it had a wicked carnality to it that blew my mind . 
 i was apparently not the only one with my mind blown . 
 brodie groaned as if dying , and his tongue pushed against my sex , flicking and lapping . 
 `` you taste so good , kandis . 
 you going to come for me ? '' 
 i writhed against the bathroom door , my h * ps trapped by his hands and his mouth . 
 `` i want you inside me , '' i panted . 
 `` i do n't wan na come until then . '' 
 he pressed a kiss to my flesh . 
 `` tease . '' 
 but he got up from his kneeling position and stood in front of me with another roguish smile , his mouth wet and gleaming from my juices . 
 i pulled away from the door , moving forward to kiss him . 
 when i moved to his mouth , though , he simply licked mine , and i tasted my arousal on his lips . 
 and i shivered . 
 `` your turn to get nak * d. '' he nodded and tugged his shirt over his head , and i made an appreciative sound at all that muscled flesh bared to my touch . 
 my mouth watered every time i saw all that tanned skin , and i moved forward to press my lips to him in light , appreciative kisses as he unbuttoned the fly of his jeans . 
 he dropped his clothes a second later and kicked them off his feet , and then he dragged me against him . 
 we were nak * d flesh to nak * d flesh , and his skin was warm against mine . 
 shivers moved through me , and i moaned against his mouth , entranced by the feel of him against my body . 
 his c * ck pressed against my belly , the head wet with pr ** um . 
 he was as turned on as i was . 
 `` condom , '' i reminded him . 
 his hands flexed on my ass , clenching it in his hands and then kneading my buttocks even as he continued to kiss my neck . 
 `` but that would mean i 'd have to let go of you . 
 and right now i like holding you too much . '' 
 such sweet words coming from such a playful man . 
 he knew just where to hit below the belt , did n't he ? 
 i leaned forward , unable to help myself , and rubbed my aching n ** ples against his chest . 
 he groaned and rubbed my ass harder . 
 `` you 're so gorgeous , kandis . 
 i swear you leave me breathless every time i see you . 
 i could wake up next to those beautiful eyes every morning for the rest of my life . '' 
 to think that cocky brodie short got all sentimental when he made love . 
 i giggled . 
 if he got sentimental in bed , it seemed i just got bolder . 
 i slid my hand lower and cupped his balls , rolling them gently in my grasp . 
 `` let 's just focus on here and now , huh ? 
 and right now , i say ... get a condom . '' 
 he groaned and tried to thrust his cock , his movements hampered by my grip . 
 `` you going to put it on me ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i told him . 
 i needed him inside me right away , and if i left it up to him , he 'd be all sweet words and caresses for hours , and i 'd go slowly insane . 
 we could have sex fast and then slow down later , when two in the morning rolled around and the cameras went off . 
 so i slid out of his grasp and turned to the bathroom cabinet , opening it and peering inside . 
 there were stacked toiletries of all kinds in there , and in the back , a box of condoms . 
 i reached for the condoms . 
 as i did , brodie grasped my h * ps from behind and thrust his c * ck against my ass . 
 he held my h * ps and pushed against me , mimicking what he wanted to do to me . 
 and oh god , the suggestion of it was almost as good as the real thing . 
 i whimpered , bracing my hands against the sink as he pushed against me . 
 `` you 're distracting me , '' i protested , all breathless with need . 
 `` bad , naughty brodie . '' 
 `` more like bad , naughty kandis , '' he told me , and slapped my ass with a crack of his hand . 
 `` turning all this deliciousness towards me . 
 you 're such a tease . '' 
 i leaned forward , pressing my ass even further into the air as i opened the box of condoms . 
 i enjoyed brodie 's pained groan and the way his hands ran all over my buttocks and thighs , as if he could n't stop touching me . 
 i loved that . 
 he made me feel incredibly sexy and desirable , mohawk and all . 
 i lifted my h * ps a little . 
 `` i 'm never going to be able to put this condom on you if you do n't let me go . '' 
 `` patience , woman , '' brodie said , and i felt his big hands fit around my hips . 
 `` i 'm having my way with you . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 this ass is downright magical . '' 
 he pushed me a little higher , until i was totally braced against the sink . 
 my thighs parted and he pushed his c * ck between them , and then he was rubbing his length up and down the slick heat of my p ** sy . 
 `` ca n't help but touch you , just a little . '' 
 forget the condoms . 
 i leaned forward so he could rub me even more , not caring that my cheek was pressed against the faucet and this was a downright uncomfortable position for my torso . 
 all i cared about was lifting my ass a bit higher into the air and letting him torment me . 
 `` you like that , baby ? '' 
 brodie 's voice was low and husky , and i felt his c * ck thrust against my flesh again . 
 he did n't penetrate , just teased . 
 i whimpered my pleasure , my fingers wrapping tight around the condom packet i held . 
 `` look at this sweet , juicy p ** sy , '' he murmured behind me . 
 i felt his hand slide up my thigh , and i parted them even more , eager for his touch . 
 `` it 's just begging to be filled , is n't it ? '' 
 i rolled my hips . 
 `` you going to fill me ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to stuff this p ** sy full of my cock , '' he told me . 
 i felt a finger brush against my opening , and i cried out , bucking with need . 
 `` but my cock 's pretty big . 
 you ready for me , kandis ? '' 
 i felt that finger slide deep , testing me out , and i moaned , closing my eyes with the pleasure of it . 
 `` i 'm ready . '' 
 he ignored my request and thrust with his finger again and then added a second one a moment later . 
 `` i do n't know , this p ** sy feels pretty tight to me . '' 
 my knees went weak , and pleasure shot through me all over again . 
 it was delicious ... but not enough . 
 i growled in frustration , clenching my hands . 
 `` torturer . '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 he seemed pleased at my frustration . 
 `` you want me to beg you ? 
 is that it ? '' 
 `` mmmm , the thought of you begging does make me all hard , i admit . '' 
 i reached backward , the condom tucked between my fingers , and skimmed my hand along my ass-cheek . 
 then , i dragged my fingers on my flesh until i was pulling my ass apart , displaying my p ** sy for him . 
 `` please fill me , brodie . '' 
 he groaned deep , and his fingers thrust again , his movements ragged . 
 `` god damn , but you do n't play fair . '' 
 `` i need you so bad , '' i said , letting a girlish whimper of need into my voice . 
 `` god , '' brodie groaned again . 
 i felt his fingers leave my p ** sy , felt him snatch the condom out of my fingers . 
 `` i 'd ask you to turn around and put this on me like you promised , but i do n't think i can wait . '' 
 i was panting with need and anticipation , my hand clenched on the porcelain of the sink to steady my body , the other still holding my flesh apart for his gaze . 
 i rolled my h * ps again . 
 `` then do n't wait . 
 come take me against this sink and f ** k my brains out . '' 
 to my delight and relief , i heard him tear the condom open , felt him shift behind me . 
 about damn time . 
 i bit my lip with anticipation , waiting for the touch of his skin against mine . 
 it came a moment later , and i shuddered as i felt his c * ck press at my flesh . 
 he did n't enter me , simply poised at the core of my entrance and waited . 
 i groaned . 
 `` not playing fair , brodie . '' 
 `` just wanted to hear you ask for me one more time . '' 
 `` please . '' 
 `` how can i resist that ? '' 
 he pushed into me , just a little , only the head of his c * ck sinking in to my body . 
 i cried out , gasping because it felt amazing ... and at the same time , it did n't feel like nearly enough . 
 i thought i 'd been tortured before ? 
 that was nothing . 
 this was exquisite agony . 
 `` give me everything , '' i told him . 
 `` do n't hold back on me now . 
 not after all this time . '' 
 brodie 's hand slid up my back , caressing my bared skin . 
 `` you ca n't rush beauty like this , kandis . 
 and i 've got the most incredible view before me . '' 
 his voice was strained with need . 
 `` all this smooth skin and gorgeous woman before me ... i should savor this . '' 
 i was going to die if he savored this any longer . 
 so i bucked my h * ps and moved backward , trying to push him further into me to sate the need he 'd set fire to . 
 he groaned , and pushed into me a little more . 
 `` you 're not good with the whole ` savoring ' thing , are you ? '' 
 `` absolutely not , '' i breathed and lifted my h * ps again . 
 `` dessert first is my motto . '' 
 `` well then , f ** k all that , '' he gritted , and plunged to the hilt , impaling me under him . 
 i cried out , stiffening . 
 my fingers clenched as wave after wave of pleasure rippled through my body . 
 his hard thrust had taken me by surprise-and it was so fiercely delicious that i nearly came from that alone . 
 `` oh god , yes . '' 
 `` beautiful kandis , '' brodie murmured , and then he groaned with pleasure . 
 `` you feel so good . 
 never thought you 'd feel better than you look , but i was wrong . 
 you 're heaven . 
 pure , sweet , angels-singing-to-me heaven . 
 this incandescent flesh could make a man weep . '' 
 `` quit talking and f ** k me , '' i panted . 
 god , why was this man not hammering into me ? 
 instead , he was spouting freaking sonnets to my ass . 
 i wanted to giggle with how adorable it was , but i bit my lip . 
 laughing when a man was f ** king you was n't appropriate , no matter how cute he was . 
 he thrust again , pushing so hard that i bounced against the sink . 
 `` yes , ma'am , '' brodie said , and the teasing returned to his voice . 
 `` less jawing , more thrusting . '' 
 and he drew back , then sank deep again . 
 i moaned , tilting my head back with sheer pleasure . 
 `` just like that . '' 
 `` glad it meets your approval . '' 
 brodie 's hands smoothed down my back again , and then he began a rhythm : slow , steady , and utterly maddening . 
 with every thrust , he seemed to fill me up just perfectly , and the sex was quickly moving from ` talky ' to ` heavenly . ' 
 i began to raise my h * ps to meet his movements , and my entire body quaked with each forceful slap of his body against mine . 
 he knew just how to work me , his relentless , driving thrust making my body wild with desire . 
 i forgot about the game , about televisions , about everything but the man over me effortlessly f ** king me toward an intense orgasm . 
 i could feel it building , nebulous at first , and then growing stronger with each perfect , deliberate stroke into my body . 
 i gasped , my body clenching in surprised pleasure at how speedily he 'd worked me to the edge of an orgasm . 
 `` right there , '' i cried out when he rolled his h * ps and hit me in the perfect spot . 
 he only thrust harder . 
 i came , my body quaking , p ** sy clenching around his cock . 
 i panted , gasping for breath as the release rolled through me . 
 that had been intense . 
 but brodie did n't show signs of slowing down ... or stopping . 
 i should have realized it . 
 the man was a champion marathoner at or * l s * x ; why would he be any different at regular sex ? 
 instead , he continued to hammer into me , his movements strong , sure , and hitting all my pleasure points . 
 and my orgasm just continued . 
 i moaned , startled as the release just kept going ... and going . 
 `` i think i 'm coming again . '' 
 `` that so ? '' 
 he shifted his grip on my h * ps and began to thrust harder , and he began hitting my g-spot . 
 i shrieked as the orgasm turned into an onslaught of orgasms . 
 i was coming all over again , and i was coming even harder than before . 
 and brodie ? 
 he was merciless , pounding into me with such surety and control that i suspected he might be able to go for hours . 
 i 'd be a puddle if that happened . 
 `` brodie , '' i moaned . 
 `` oh god , you 're so good . '' 
 this time , he groaned , and i felt those sure hands slip on my hips . 
 `` do n't talk , kandis . 
 you 're going to make me lose control . '' 
 good . 
 i wanted him to lose control . 
 `` you 're the best i 've ever had , '' i told him truthfully . 
 `` you know just how to work that big c * ck in and out of my p ** sy . '' 
 `` kandis , '' he gritted , and his movements became jerky . 
 `` goddamn it - '' `` i bet you look so sexy f ** king me , '' i told him , and reached backward and smacked my own ass with my hand . 
 he groaned again , and i felt his body quake with the onslaught of his own orgasm as he finally lost control . 
 i sighed with pleasure as he continued to pound into me , his movements jerky and wild as he came . 
 then he collapsed on top of me , breathing heavily . 
 we lay collapsed against each other for a moment , the sink the only thing keeping us upright . 
 i was sandwiched between the hard porcelain and brodie 's heavy body . 
 which was fine , really , except that i was going to have a faucet-shaped bruise on my tit if one of us did n't move soon . 
 but i liked the feel of his body over mine , so i said nothing . 
 i 'd endure a bruise or two . 
 eventually , brodie hauled off of my bent body and groaned as if he 'd been the one smashed against the sink . 
 i straightened , stretching out as well , and turning just in time to see him pulling off the condom and tossing it in the nearby garbage . 
 i put my hands to my lower back and flexed and then grinned at brodie 's reflection in the mirror when he turned around . 
 `` i 'd have never guessed you to be the type to get all romantic and descriptive during sex , brodie short . '' 
 he came to my side and wrapped his arms around me , nibbling on my neck again . 
 `` gets the ladies mad wet , does n't it ? '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` habit i got into when i was a teenager , '' he admitted , and i felt his hand smooth down my back again , as if he could n't stop touching my skin . 
 `` figured i could get a lot more p ** sy by being nice about it than saying ` dat ass ' or things like that . 
 hope you do n't mind . '' 
 `` just as long as you do n't call me some other woman 's name , you can talk as much as you want . '' 
 he met my eyes , his expression serious . 
 `` please . 
 you 're unforgettable . 
 your name is tattooed here . '' 
 and he pressed my hand to his breastbone . 
 my eyes widened and breath escaped me . 
 that was ... so sweet . 
 i pulled my hand from his a second later and laughed . 
 `` catching more flies with honey still ? '' 
 his smile was a crooked tease , but it did n't quite go to his eyes . 
 `` something like that . '' 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ things were n't weird after sex with brodie . 
 which was good , considering we were living in the same room together . 
 but you never knew how the other person was going to act after sex . 
 some people got super clingy , and others headed straight for the door , promising `` i 'll call you . '' 
 luckily for me , brodie was the same as ever . 
 maybe a bit more touchy-feely than normal , but in a pleasant way . 
 he now called me ` baby ' in front of marla and jendan . 
 and we snuggled together when we were seated on the same sofa . 
 the next two days passed in a blur . 
 things in the house were calm now that it was down to the four of us , but we 'd also segregated a bit . 
 jendan and marla kept to themselves-likely scheming how to keep control despite me having the power necklace - which left me and brodie plenty of bedroom time . 
 or ` bathroom ' time as the case was . 
 strategy talks were non-existent between us ; the only strategies being ` should we do it against the door or in the bathtub again . ' 
 they were two days of pure , unadulterated bliss . 
 which meant , of course , that someone was bound to bring them crashing down . 
 brodie took a nap after sex the afternoon before the next live show . 
 i could n't sleep . 
 strategic decisions played through my mind over and over again , and i gave up on trying to get some shut eye . 
 instead , i went downstairs to get a drink . 
 jendan was there in the kitchen . 
 `` hey , '' i said , and headed for the fridge . 
 i pulled out a can of the sponsored brand and popped the top . 
 `` where 's marla ? '' 
 `` packing her things , '' jendan said . 
 `` we 're both packing for tonight . '' 
 i said nothing , feeling awkward . 
 jendan was my friend , but brodie ... `` you 're putting both of us up tonight , are n't you ? '' 
 jendan asked . 
 `` i 've ran through multiple scenarios in my head , and i figure it 's smarter for you to put both me and marla up . '' 
 i did n't see the point of keeping it a secret . 
 `` you 're right , '' i said , hopping up on the counter to sit and drink my soda . 
 `` the plan is to put the two of you up , and then brodie 's going to vote for marla to go home . '' 
 he nodded . 
 his handsome face was still tense , but there was an easing of his brows . 
 `` i 'm glad to hear that . '' 
 `` i have your back , '' i assured him . 
 `` all the way to the final two like we originally promised ? '' 
 shit , that was coming back to bite me in the ass , was n't it . 
 ugh . 
 `` all the way , '' i told him , though i did n't know if i was lying . 
 i was pretty sure i was taking brodie to the end with me , but i did n't tell jendan that in case he won power next time . 
 he nodded . 
 `` despite you sleeping with brodie ? '' 
 at my look of shock he grinned . 
 `` oh , come on . 
 you guys are kind of loud . '' 
 that was ... horrifying . 
 `` we are ? '' 
 jendan pinched a thumb and forefinger together as if to say ' a little . ' 
 `` i think the walls here are pretty thin . '' 
 i bit my lip . 
 `` um . 
 sorry . '' 
 `` hey , no big deal . 
 as long as we 're still on for final two . '' 
 i nodded . 
 i felt a bit cornered , but i did n't blame jendan for wanting to secure himself in the game . 
 if i were in his position , i 'd be doing the exact same thing . 
 `` so , just warning you , she 's pretty bitter about the whole situation , and your hooking up with brodie just makes her angrier . 
 she feels like you 've lied to both of us the entire time . 
 be prepared for her to bring out the big guns to try and make her case to stay . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` you can trust me , okay ? 
 you 're safe . 
 brodie does n't want her here because she 's coming after me . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i guess we 'll see tonight , right ? '' 
 `` you do n't need to worry . '' 
 he gave me a wry smile . 
 `` as long as i 'm in this game , i 'm always going to be a little worried . '' 
 well , i understood that . 
 chapter ten `` so , yeah , you behind the screen there . 
 has kandis said anything about me in her confessionals ? 
 like how she feels about me and all ? 
 kinda feeling out on a f ** king limb here . 
 hello ? 
 bueller ? '' 
 - brodie short , day 59 i was nervous when the live show began . 
 tonight , because i had the power play necklace for the first time , i was front and center . 
 i fiddled with the necklace while a commercial break was on . 
 i must have been twitchier than usual because brodie laid a hand over mine , pausing me . 
 i cast him a wary smile and laced my fingers with his . 
 the tv lit up with becky bradley 's face again , and we quickly pulled apart . 
 `` hello , house guests , '' becky said . 
 `` we 're down to the final four . 
 how 's the mood in the house ? 
 marla ? '' 
 `` tense , '' marla said . 
 `` i think we 're all a little unsure of where we stand at the moment , with the exception of one person . '' 
 `` and who is that person ? '' 
 becky asked in her smooth announcer 's voice . 
 `` that would be kandis . '' 
 marla 's voice was sweet . 
 `` she 's pretty much got everyone where she wants them right now . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 tell me more . '' 
 i crossed my arms over my chest . 
 i could n't wait to hear this . 
 marla would n't look in my direction . 
 `` kandis has power this week , so she 's safe from the vote . 
 and she 's got both of her little boyfriends lined up to protect her - '' `` boyfriends ? '' 
 i sputtered , interrupting . 
 `` yes , boyfriends , '' marla said , finally shooting me a vicious look . 
 `` you 've got your alliance plaything . '' 
 she pointed at jendan . 
 `` and you 've got your bedroom plaything . '' 
 she pointed at brodie . 
 `` do n't sit there and pretend to be innocent . 
 you and i know exactly how things are laid out . '' 
 `` do n't even start , '' i began . 
 becky bradley interrupted us again . 
 `` is it true that you 've been getting cozy with your former partner , kandis ? '' 
 i felt all eyes on me . 
 anxiety flicked through me , and i did n't know how to answer . 
 `` it seems like kandis has nothing to say , '' becky claimed . 
 `` what about you , brodie ? '' 
 next to me on the sofa , he shrugged . 
 `` kandis is a terrific girl . 
 it 's natural that i 'd fall for her . '' 
 his hand went to my knee . 
 `` i see . 
 is this a strategic alliance or purely physical ? '' 
 `` ca n't it be both ? '' 
 brodie chuckled . 
 jendan 's jaw tightened , and i knew what he was thinking . 
 poor guy . 
 `` and kandis ? 
 do you think this relationship with brodie is something you 'd continue outside of the house ? '' 
 oh god ! 
 how incredibly awkward was that ? 
 i hesitated again . 
 if i answered yes , would that freak brodie out ? 
 would i look like an idiot when he -lrb- inevitably -rrb- betrayed me like he did katy ? 
 i stared into space for a moment and then blurted , `` i think we 're just taking things a day at a time right now . '' 
 out of the corner of my eye , i saw brodie frown . 
 his hand gave my knee another squeeze , this time a questioning one . 
 i ignored it . 
 we 'd talk later . 
 `` fair enough , '' becky said . 
 `` with that , it 's time for you to announce your nominations , kandis . 
 please stand . '' 
 i got up from the couch and headed to the front of the room . 
 clasping my hands in front of me to keep them still , i smiled at the three people seated . 
 `` this nomination is not going to surprise anyone . 
 brodie 's been my partner for almost the entire game , so i 'm not going to nominate him . 
 jendan , marla , i nominate you two . 
 it 's nothing personal , of course . 
 just that we 're the only ones left . '' 
 with that , i sat down . 
 `` jendan and marla , you are both nominated for eviction from the house . 
 with the nominations as they are , brodie is the only one voting tonight . '' 
 there was a long , dramatic pause . 
 after what felt like an eternity , becky spoke again . 
 `` you two will both have a chance to give a last speech before the vote . 
 jendan , you first . '' 
 jendan stood up and smiled at me and brodie . 
 `` i just wanted to say that i have no hard feelings , and if i go home tonight , it 's not a big deal . 
 i 've enjoyed playing the game with all three of you and i 'm glad we got to the final four together . '' 
 he sat back down . 
 `` marla ? '' 
 the soccer mom stood up and gave us a tight smile . 
 `` i could make a nice , sweet , passive speech like jendan , but i 'm going to call a spade a spade . 
 we all know i 'm going home tonight . '' 
 i tensed . 
 brodie 's hand on my knee was tight , too . 
 marla turned to me . 
 `` kandis , i know you think you 've got this thing wrapped up , but i wanted to tell you that you 're wrong . 
 you have n't played as good a game as i have , but you 're better at fluttering your eyelashes , so that 's why you 're there and i 'm here . 
 i 'm sure both men realize by now that you have a final two with both of them , right ? 
 no ? 
 well , if they 're not aware of it , let me point that out , then . '' 
 she gave me a vicious smile and then turned to brodie . 
 `` has she promised you a final two spot ? 
 swore she 'd go all the way to the end with you ? 
 because that 's what she 's been telling my partner all along . 
 that 's why he 's been quick to defend her at every turn . 
 she 's playing him , just like she 's playing you . 
 jendan likes to be the hero , so she 's letting him have her back . 
 and we all know you 're led around by your dick , brodie , so that 's why she 's got you in her pocket . '' 
 i gasped . 
 marla threw her hands up as if to apologize . 
 `` harsh words , sorry , but we all know they 're true . 
 kandis , i want you to know that if you 're in the final two , i 'm voting for anyone but you . 
 just thought i 'd point that out . 
 we were busy saving your ass early in the game , but it seems like it was a bad decision for some of us . 
 next time , i 'll trust my gut . '' 
 and with that , she gave a fake smile and flounced back into her seat . 
 i stared , my jaw hanging open . 
 that had been a nasty speech . 
 not only that , but she 'd implied that i was using both jendan and brodie . 
 which ... i was n't . 
 was i ? 
 jendan was purely strategy . 
 brodie ... brodie was all emotion where i was concerned . 
 i was n't using him . 
 if anything , i was worried he was using me . 
 `` it 's time to vote , brodie . '' 
 i glanced up at him as he got up , but he did n't look me in the eye . 
 a cold feeling sank the pit of my stomach , and i exchanged a look with jendan . 
 what if marla 's words had angered brodie and he flipped things up and got rid of jendan ? 
 then it would be marla and brodie ... and they 'd get rid of me . 
 it was possible . 
 my stomach lurched . 
 i could n't think that . 
 i had to trust brodie . 
 had to . 
 i did n't like to think that i 'd put the fate of my game into the hands of someone who betrayed on a whim . 
 long seconds ticked past . 
 brodie returned to the living area and thumped down onto the couch next to me . 
 he said nothing , and this time he did n't reach over to touch my knee . 
 something was bothering him . 
 i waited with dread for becky 's face to return to the monitor . 
 `` we have the vote , '' she announced . 
 there was a pregnant , lengthy pause . 
 then , `` marla , you have been evicted . '' 
 i let out a big sigh of relief . 
 marla nodded and got to her feet . 
 we all gave her awkward hugs and then she exited the house . 
 i noticed she whispered something into brodie 's ear when she hugged him , and he said something back to her . 
 then it was just the three of us . 
 `` we 're changing things up a little tonight , house guests , '' becky said . 
 `` there will be no challenge this evening . 
 the power play will be tomorrow morning and the next vote tomorrow evening . 
 the night after , it 'll be the finale . 
 be ready to play your hearts out . '' 
 with that , she winked out , and the tv went dark . 
 i looked at brodie and jendan . 
 `` so a vote out tomorrow night and then the finale in two days ? 
 that seems so fast . '' 
 jendan shrugged . 
 `` we 're probably boring to watch when we 're down to just three people . '' 
 he had a point . 
 i looked over at brodie , but he was silent . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` not really . '' 
 he glanced at jendan , then back to me . 
 `` can i talk to you in private ? '' 
 uh oh . 
 `` sure . 
 want to go upstairs ? '' 
 he gave me a curt nod , and i gave jendan an apologetic look . 
 we were abandoning him and there was no one left in the house to talk to . 
 he waved me off , and i followed brodie up to the power room that would be mine for one more evening . 
 he was furious , all right . 
 as soon as the door shut behind me , he gave me a black look . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 brodie stalked across the room and began to pace , his arms crossed tightly over his chest . 
 he looked furious , and the fury looked directed at me . 
 `` are you going to talk to me ? '' 
 `` so when were you planning on telling me that you had a final two deal with jendan ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 this was bound to come out sooner or later . 
 i moved to the bed and sat down on the edge . 
 `` i thought everyone maneuvered as much as they could on day one . 
 why is this a big deal ? '' 
 `` it 's a big deal because i thought we were together . 
 your plan was to save him so you were fine either way , right ? 
 that 's why you insisted on getting rid of marla ? '' 
 brodie 's expression was chilly , his eyes hard . 
 `` well , yeah , '' i said . 
 `` plus , jendan 's a better player . 
 if he walks away with the million dollars , i wo n't be upset . '' 
 `` but we 're trying to win this thing , kandis . '' 
 he stabbed a finger at his chest , furious . 
 `` me . 
 you . 
 or do you not care about me as long as you win ? '' 
 my mouth worked silently . 
 what could i say to that ? 
 `` of course i want to win , brodie . 
 my mom 's going to lose her house if i do n't come up with some cash really damn fast . 
 why would n't i maneuver myself to be in the best spot possible ? '' 
 he scrubbed a hand over his face . 
 `` that 's not what i meant . 
 i know that . 
 i mean , i. . . 
 fuck ! '' 
 he began to pace all over again . 
 i felt awful . 
 `` i did n't betray you , brodie . 
 you have to trust me . '' 
 he said nothing , simply stalked back and forth . 
 i twisted my hands in my lap . 
 it was either that or get up and start pacing next to him . 
 `` fine . 
 you want to know the whole dirty truth ? 
 jendan and i decided on day one that we 'd work together . 
 day one . 
 i did n't know anyone in this house , and neither did he . 
 the fact that we both took this seriously meant we could trust each other . '' 
 i shrugged my shoulders , feeling somehow guilty for being strategic . 
 `` it was just a smart move . 
 and then we got saddled with partners , and we decided we 'd still work together , because four was a better number than two , right ? 
 and jendan did save my ass when i was on the chopping block . 
 and yeah , he did let me win that money . '' 
 i grimaced . 
 the more i spoke , the more it sounded like something was going on between me and jendan . 
 i shook my head , erasing that thought out of my mind . 
 i wished brodie would look at me , but he was avoiding my direction . 
 desperate , i kept talking . 
 `` is it perfect for me that both of you want to take me to the final two ? 
 yes . 
 i 'm not going to sugarcoat it . 
 i said i 'd come in here to do anything to win because i need that money , brodie . 
 i need it . 
 i do n't care about the title of winner . 
 i just need to know that my mom is going to be okay , and a big wad of network cash will do that for me . 
 so i 'm not going to apologize for having a final two with you and a final two with him . 
 i ca n't . 
 i want to win . '' 
 brodie still said nothing , though he raked a hand through his dark blonde hair , the ends of his mohawk sticking up . 
 his pacing was driving me crazy . 
 i got up from the edge of the bed and approached him , placing my hands on his biceps and halting him . 
 `` are you going to talk to me ? '' 
 brodie stopped , but the line of his mouth was flat . 
 mulish . 
 i was honestly a bit surprised at this reaction . 
 `` are you really that mad at me over this ? 
 that i made some good game moves ? '' 
 `` you want me to be honest with you , kandis ? '' 
 `` well , yeah , that would be nice . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 he ground his jaw , frowned at me for a moment , and then began to speak . 
 `` i think if i was being rational about this , i would n't care that you set yourself up to win . 
 if i was being rational , i 'd think it was really damn f ** king clever and you 're a brilliant girl for playing all of us . 
 if i was being rational , i 'd be proud of you . 
 but i 'm not being rational about this . 
 i 'm f ** king pissed , because ... '' he paused and raked a hand through his hair again . 
 `` because i see how you are with jendan . 
 how intimate the two of you are . 
 and i keep wondering if you 're kissing him , too . 
 if you 're f ** king him , too . '' 
 i recoiled , stunned . 
 `` did you just call me a whore ? '' 
 `` no , i - '' but now i was furious . 
 `` you think i 'd f ** k someone just to ally with them ? 
 do you really think that ? '' 
 he exhaled slowly and had the decency to look ashamed . 
 `` no , i do n't . 
 this game 's messing with my head . '' 
 `` then do n't accuse me of doing exactly that ! '' 
 `` i 'm jealous , all right ? '' 
 brodie exploded . 
 `` i 'm f ** king crazy about you , and i can never tell how you 're feeling . 
 i 'm jealous of him , okay ? 
 is that what you wanted to hear ? '' 
 his words startled me . 
 of all the things i 'd expected brodie to be upset about , jealousy was n't one of them . 
 hearing that he was , though ? 
 i could n't help but be pleased-and , okay , a bit aroused-by the thought of him being all beat-my-chest caveman over me . 
 i moved closer to him , sliding a gentle hand over his shoulders and then down his chest . 
 `` brodie , '' i murmured . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 his nostrils flared , the only sign that he was paying attention to me . 
 `` i may have an agreement with jendan , '' i told him , moving my hands over his pectorals in a soothing , stroking motion . 
 `` but if i win this next challenge , i do n't care how bad it looks to everyone , but i 'm picking you . 
 because jendan and i may be friends , but you and i are way more than just that . 
 understand me ? '' 
 `` are we ? '' 
 his gaze was intense . 
 `` i feel like you 're sending me mixed signals . '' 
 `` do i need to be straightforward ? '' 
 i slid a bit closer and put my hand on his groin and rubbed . 
 `` allow me to be blatant , then . 
 in or out of this house , you 're the only man i 'm interested in . 
 satisfied ? '' 
 he groaned , his arms sliding around my waist . 
 `` after that quick stroke ? 
 god no . 
 that was n't satisfying at all . '' 
 i laughed despite the tension between us . 
 that sounded more like the brodie i knew and loved . 
 and then i sobered . 
 loved ? 
 was i crazy ? 
 i could n't be in love with brodie the betrayer . 
 before i could ponder this , brodie 's mouth slanted over mine in a hard , fast kiss that stole my breath . 
 it was a kiss full of need and affirmation , and i melted into it . 
 he seemed to need me , and i needed him just as badly . 
 so i twined my arms around his neck and deepened the kiss . 
 brodie groaned and his hands tightened around my waist . 
 `` wan na go hide in the bathroom ? '' 
 my pulse fluttered . 
 did i ever . 
 i lifted one leg and locked it around his thigh . 
 `` just try and get away from me . '' 
 `` that 's the last thing i want to do , '' he said , and he punctuated his words with a kiss instead of the smile i was expecting . 
 i admit , the tender gesture took me by surprise . 
 it melted me , just a little , and i clung to him as he walked our twined bodies a few feet to the bathroom . 
 once inside , he pressed me up against the door again , and his mouth brushed over mine once more . 
 `` sweet kandis . 
 i think i 've fallen hard for you . '' 
 i sighed against him , my n ** ples brushing against his chest . 
 i felt the same way . 
 i 'd thought about what i 'd do once i left the house and all thoughts of a brodie-less life seemed impossibly dull at this point . 
 i did n't want to think about that , though . 
 not while i was in his arms and he was kissing me as though the world did n't exist outside the touch of our bodies . 
 his hands fumbled with the clasp of my jeans , and i helped him drag them down my hips , the fabric bunching at the top of my thighs . 
 his hand slid into my panties , cupping my p ** sy , and his finger stroked through my wet folds , seeking my clit . 
 such a bold , direct touch-there was no fooling around , not right now . 
 not when we needed each other so much . 
 i cried out when his touch hit me in just the right spot , and waves of pleasure washed through me . 
 `` you 're already wet , '' he breathed against my mouth , his fingers circling my clit . 
 `` is it my kiss that makes you so slippery , baby ? '' 
 i nodded , breathless with need . 
 just the thought of him touching me and i was so slick i could hardly stand it . 
 his lips played over mine , his tongue dancing along my bottom lip . 
 `` you 're so beautiful . 
 like you were made perfectly for me . '' 
 two fingers slid lower and sank into my core , rocking deep . 
 i whimpered , clinging to him . 
 `` brodie , i want you in me now . '' 
 but his hand only rocked , sinking his fingers deeper inside me , pressing his palm to my aching clit . 
 `` patience , baby . 
 i want to see your face when you come for me , just like this . '' 
 i moaned , digging my fingers into the fabric of his shirt as he continued to work my p ** sy . 
 my leg hiked around his thigh left me wide open for his teasing-not that i 'd dream of pushing his hand away-and i wanted to wrap my other leg around him , to leave myself completely at his mercy . 
 `` brodie , '' i panted . 
 `` want you so bad . 
 put your mouth on me . '' 
 `` anywhere in particular ? '' 
 `` everywhere . '' 
 his mouth swooped lower , heading to my neck , and he nibbled on my skin there even as his hand continued to work over my p ** sy . 
 my gasp of pleasure echoed in the bathroom , and my body jolted against the bathroom door as he continued to work his fingers in and out of my sex , sliding deep , fast and hard . 
 each pump of his fingers into me made the heel of his palm grind against my clit , the motion exquisite but teasing . 
 he never left it there long enough for me to get off , and the result was an intense , erotic tease . 
 but his mouth on my neck licked and sucked at my sensitive skin , and that , combined with his hand , was driving me closer and closer to the edge . 
 i tightened my muscles around his fingers as he drove into me , increasing the friction , and my h * ps worked with his hand , my body frantic for release . 
 it came a moment later , in an intense , shuddering flash , and i cried out , clinging to brodie as he worked me higher and higher into my orgasm , his fingers slamming into my flesh to drag out the pleasure . 
 `` just like that , '' he breathed , watching me . 
 `` just like that , kandis . '' 
 bliss cascaded through me . 
 i let the ripples move through my body , and then i slowly came back down from the orgasmic high . 
 i still held on to him , and when he lifted his head to meet my gaze , i leaned in and brushed my lips against his . 
 `` condom ? '' 
 he kissed me back fiercely and detangled his limbs from mine momentarily to get the condom . 
 i made a sound of protest , but he returned a moment later , and his hands were all over me once more . 
 `` drop your pants , '' he told me . 
 i laughed . 
 `` where 's my poetic brodie ? '' 
 `` he needs to be in you as of yesterday . '' 
 he tore open the condom and smoothed the latex over his length . 
 i shimmied out of my clothing and then wrapped my arms around his neck again , pulling him close as if we were dancing together . 
 his hands smoothed over my bare h * ps and i gave a happy sigh . 
 `` ready for me ? '' 
 brodie leaned in to kiss me , his tongue slicking against my own . 
 when i lifted my leg in response , his hand hooked behind my knee and his weight pressed me back against the bathroom door once more . 
 `` mmm , always , '' i told him , my hands sliding to his n ** ples and brushing over them through the fabric of his t-shirt . 
 neither one of us had our tops off ; i did n't much care . 
 the sex with brodie was consistently amazing , and if we were in too much of a rush to fully undress , so be it . 
 he pushed into me with a hard thrust , and all thoughts of teasing him to his own orgasm quickly went out the window . 
 the feel of him seated deep inside me made my own pleasure change from a sated hum back to a full blown roar once more , and i felt my p ** sy clench around him in response . 
 the angle had him tilted perfectly , and his c * ck seemed to be rubbing me just right . 
 `` feel good ? '' 
 he asked , panting . 
 i nodded , another whimper escaping me when he thrust again . 
 oh god , that was so perfect . 
 `` i. . . 
 think i might come again . 
 keep doing that . '' 
 `` right there ? '' 
 he adjusted his h * ps and thrust again , hard . 
 `` oooh . '' 
 a shiver rippled through me . 
 `` god , yes . '' 
 his hand moved up the door and tangled into my hair , tugging on it even as he thrust again . 
 his mouth descended to my throat , and i cried out when he licked the hollow of my collarbone . 
 `` you 're mine , are n't you kandis ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 `` good . '' 
 he groaned and began to thrust harder , his free hand hiking my leg up higher . 
 his weight pressed me harder against the door , and his shallow thrusts began to speed up until i was crying out inarticulately with every motion of his c * ck inside me . 
 `` because you 're mine , and i 'm not letting you go . '' 
 i shook my head and moaned when he thrust even harder . 
 the building orgasm began to quake through me again , and i felt my entire body clench in response . 
 brodie sucked in a breath and then he slammed into me , movements getting harder and jerkier as i tightened around him . 
 `` god , i f ** king love you , kandis , '' he gritted out as he came . 
 i smoothed a hand down his back as he shuddered out his release , my thoughts whirling . 
 he 'd just declared love for me . 
 was it because he 'd had a heated orgasm ? 
 or was this more cement in our alliance glue to ensure that i 'd take him to the end ? 
 or ... did he really love me ? 
 for a moment , i hated the game . 
 i hated that i did n't know what anyone was truly thinking and that no one would tell the truth . 
 i hated that i had to second-guess every word , every move , every thought . 
 i could n't trust anyone while i was here , and i wanted to know the truth from brodie . 
 i wanted to know if he 'd still say the same thing once we were outside of the house and there was no prize money to be had . 
 but i kept my thoughts to myself and hugged my lover close . 
 two days left to go . 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ `` kandis , can you tell us a little about the state of things in the house ? '' 
 i laughed at the interview question , but there was no humor in my tone . 
 it was just a reaction since they expected one . 
 i curled up in the interview booth chair , shifting my weight , and stared at the screen . 
 `` the state of things in the house depends entirely on who is interacting with who . 
 me and jendan ? 
 it 's all strategy talk . 
 me and brodie ? 
 it 's all sexual tension and chemistry . 
 brodie and jendan ? 
 they are circling each other like two dogs fighting over a bone . '' 
 i frowned at my own analogy . 
 i was the bone . 
 lovely . 
 `` if you win the final power play , have you decided what you 'll do ? '' 
 i hugged my legs tighter against my body , bothered by the question . 
 `` have i decided what i 'll do ? 
 yes and no . 
 either way i decide , i have to betray someone . 
 if i go with brodie , i 'll upset jendan , and he 's had my back since day one . 
 but ... i ca n't go against brodie . 
 not with things the way they are right now . '' 
 god , i f ** king love you , kandis . 
 i shivered to myself . 
 his confession had completely caught me off guard . 
 i did n't know if it was the truth , but i wanted desperately to believe it . 
 i needed to believe that he really did love me , and that it was n't all just one big epic game-move to him . 
 `` so , yeah , '' i concluded lamely . 
 `` if i go with jendan and honor my word , i destroy brodie 's chances of winning . 
 which i do n't think i can do . 
 not now . 
 i feel awful about it either way-just a few days ago i was thrilled that the house was going to come down to this , and either way , i 'd have a seat in the final two . 
 but now that it 's here , i just feel sick about it . 
 i keep playing everything through my mind . 
 if i take jendan with me to the final two , i can probably beat him because i played harder . 
 i 'm just a girl , and they 're two big strong guys , so for me to win the final two power plays would make me look like i fought hard . 
 but brodie ? 
 all the girls love brodie , so if i go to the end with him , i do n't know that i can beat him . 
 so i 'm screwed if i do , and screwed if i do n't . 
 if i play this careful and go for strategy , i f ** k over what could potentially be a real relationship . '' 
 if brodie was n't lying to me . 
 and i did n't know if he was or not . 
 which meant that if i chose brodie and he was playing me and he won the money ? 
 i 'd have nothing . 
 `` so you 're going to give it your all in the challenge ? '' 
 the interview voice asked . 
 my mouth pulled into a wry , bitter smile . 
 `` that would make things easier , would n't it ? 
 i considered it . 
 if i do n't win , there 's no way i can choose , right ? 
 the decision will be made for me . 
 but ... i ca n't do it . 
 there 's part of me that needs to compete no matter what , so i can make sure that i have control of the situation . 
 even if i do n't win it , i want to go in knowing i tried my hardest . 
 so , yeah , even though it would make my life easier , i ca n't just go out there and blow the final challenge . 
 what if jendan won the challenge and it pissed him off that i gave up ? 
 i would n't blame him-as many times as he 's saved my ass and then i just belly-up on the final power play ? 
 if that was me , i 'd be angry . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` so i 'm going to go out there , i 'm going to fight my hardest to win the final round , and then i 'm going to take brodie with me because i 'm a sucker and i believe in happily ever after . '' 
 and because i was pretty sure i 'd fallen in love with the guy . 
 the confessional interviewer asked me a few more questions , and then i was free to go . 
 i unfolded my legs and climbed out of the chair , yawning as i padded out of the room . 
 it was early still , and when i 'd come downstairs for breakfast , brodie was still asleep . 
 i wondered if he was awake yet . 
 it was weird that i missed him when he was n't by my side , but i 'd take advantage of it while we were together . 
 i exited the confessional and headed to the living room . 
 it was like the man could read my mind . 
 sure enough , brodie was lounging on one of the old-fashioned couches in the living room . 
 he frowned at something off in the distance and then his smile returned at the sight of me . 
 he sat up and patted the couch , indicating that i should join him . 
 i looked around . 
 no jendan . 
 that made me feel a little easier about being openly affectionate with brodie . 
 instead of sitting on the couch , i crawled into brodie 's lap and greeted him with a kiss . 
 he hugged me close , his arms wrapping around me and cradling me against him . 
 `` well hello , gorgeous . '' 
 i laughed and ran a hand through my messy mohawk . 
 it had been sticking up at all angles this morning so i 'd simply wet it down and gone on my way . 
 gorgeous , i was not . 
 but brodie was always sweet like that to me , and the way he watched me with such appreciative eyes made me think that he thought i was beautiful . 
 either that , or i was a total sucker after all . 
 he glanced over my shoulder again . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 brodie shook his head , frowning . 
 `` i just ... thought i saw something . 
 a shadow . '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` i told you i 've been seeing those for weeks now , and you kept saying i was crazy . '' 
 `` you think this place is haunted ? '' 
 i wrapped my arms around his neck , glancing around at the shadowy room . 
 i 'd been so wrapped up in the game itself that i 'd forgotten all about the fact that the house was supposed to be haunted . 
 `` you mean to tell me you 're going to finally going to worry about ghosts two days before we leave ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i 'll just cuddle under the blankets with you if i get scared . '' 
 now that had potential . 
 i grinned . 
 `` if you must . '' 
 `` morning confessional ? '' 
 he asked , leaning in to nibble on my ear . 
 `` mmm , something like that , '' i told him . 
 `` all kinds of questions about the final challenge . 
 i thought it might be the case , but it was still weird to hear . '' 
 brodie 's expression grew serious , and he regarded me for a long moment . 
 `` can i ask you something ? '' 
 his blond hair was flopping adorably on one side of his forehead , and i smoothed it back with my fingers . 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` what 's it mean to you to win ? '' 
 that ... was n't what i expected him to ask . 
 i frowned a little . 
 `` you know what it means to me . 
 it 's a chance to save my mom - '' `` no , that 's what it means for her . 
 i want to know what it means for you . '' 
 his blue eyes were serious , arguably the most serious i 'd seen since i 'd met him . 
 i thought for a moment , wanting to give this question the consideration it deserved since it apparently bothered him so much . 
 after a pause , i answered . 
 `` relief . 
 it means that i wo n't have to spend my days worrying if i should do more for my mother . 
 if i should get a second job , or a third one , to help her out when i know she wo n't appreciate it or do anything to help herself . 
 it 'll let me relax and just , i do n't know , be me . 
 it 'll be an end to stress . '' 
 he leaned in and nuzzled my neck . 
 `` it worries you to have to look after her , does n't it ? '' 
 `` it does , '' i agreed , and i felt that familiar , sick clench in my stomach . 
 `` there are days that i ca n't sleep because i do n't know what she 's going to do or how i 'm going to save her . 
 she does n't have anyone but me . '' 
 my eyes pricked with tears . 
 `` and if i ca n't save her , what kind of daughter am i ? '' 
 `` one that tries really , really hard , '' he said softly . 
 `` no matter what happens , she should be proud of you . '' 
 i nodded , though it was hard to think about not winning and what that would mean . 
 i pushed the thought out of my mind a moment later . 
 i refused to think about it . 
 instead , i ran a finger along brodie 's jaw-line , feeling the overnight growth of blond beard stubble . 
 `` what about you ? 
 what does winning mean to you ? '' 
 `` it 'd be a new start for me , '' he admitted . 
 `` i like being on these shows , but i realize now that i ca n't make a life out of this . 
 i need a back-up plan . '' 
 his mouth crooked to one side . 
 `` i was thinking about starting a business . 
 showing everyone that i can be successful at something other than flirting . '' 
 i brushed my thumb over his lips . 
 `` you 're excellent at flirting , '' i told him impishly . 
 `` but you 're good with people , period . 
 no one can stay mad at you . 
 do n't sell yourself short . '' 
 `` you believe in me that much ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` you 're smart , you 're funny , you 're enthusiastic , and you always know just what to say . 
 not everyone 's good at that . 
 something in public relations would be excellent for you , you know . '' 
 `` maybe so . '' 
 he looked thoughtful . 
 `` i have a few ideas , but we 'll see . 
 i have to win the money first . '' 
 i gave him a soft smile . 
 `` and i 'm going to do my best to stand in your way . '' 
 `` i know , baby . '' 
 he gave me a typical brodie grin . 
 `` you trust me , right ? '' 
 there was the million-dollar question . 
 i thought for a moment and decided to go with my gut . 
 `` i do . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` we 'll get you the money . 
 somehow , we 'll make everything right for both of us . '' 
 he laced his fingers with mine and then kissed the back of my palm . 
 `` i promise you that . '' 
 jendan walked into the living room just as the intercom chimed overhead . 
 `` contestants , '' it blared . 
 `` please proceed to the challenge area for the final power play . '' 
 a nervous ball of energy seemed to settle in the pit of my stomach . 
 i slid off of brodie 's lap . 
 `` this is it . '' 
 `` i need to find my shoes , '' brodie said , and he raced up to our bedroom . 
 i turned to head to the back door , but jendan 's hand caught my arm . 
 i paused and looked back at him , surprised . 
 `` can we talk ? '' 
 jendan said quietly . 
 i glanced up at the power room , where brodie had disappeared . 
 `` let 's make it fast . '' 
 `` i just wanted to tell you not to trust brodie . '' 
 jendan 's handsome face was serious . 
 `` i know he 's saying all the right things to you , but he 's been saying the same stuff to all the girls since we got here . 
 i thought you were too smart to fall for it , but it looks like he 's gotten to you . '' 
 i bit back my frown . 
 `` do n't worry about me , okay ? '' 
 `` i just wanted to warn you , '' he said , shrugging . 
 `` he 's playing harder than all of us . 
 his game may be full of flirting and smiles , but i 'm telling you , it is a game . 
 if he gets to the end , both you and i are going to lose . '' 
 i said nothing . 
 `` you 're taking him , are n't you ? '' 
 jendan 's words were quiet . 
 `` i ca n't ignore the way you two have gotten so close . 
 you 're going to take him to the final two if you win . '' 
 `` jendan , '' i said softly . 
 `` i have n't decided . '' 
 `` yes , you have , '' he said , seeing through my lie . 
 `` and i just want to remind you before we head out to the challenge that if you keep your word to me , it 'll look like smart gameplay . 
 but if you break it , and take him ? 
 the jury 's going to eat you alive . '' 
 `` of course you 're going to say that , '' i snapped at him , my irritation rising . 
 `` you want to get to the end . '' 
 `` i 'm warning you as a friend , kandis . '' 
 jendan gave me one last serious look and then stalked past me . 
 irritated as hell , i followed him out into the backyard , and we headed for the challenge area . 
 brodie followed us a few moments later and moved to my side . 
 the challenge area was completely curtained off , but i could make out a faint sort of noise . 
 i did n't know what it was . 
 it sounded like ... shivering , or something . 
 it was impossible to describe it . 
 there was a card hanging from a golden rope that kept the curtained door shut . 
 that was for me , so i headed forward to pick up the card . 
 i read it aloud . 
 `` house guests , you are down to your final challenge . 
 this will be the biggest test you will face-a test of endurance . 
 you will have to conquer your fears and let mind win over matter in order to continue to the final round . 
 this competition only has one rule-get in your barrel and be the last one out . 
 good luck to all three of you . '' 
 `` good luck , guys , '' jendan said . 
 he put a fist out . 
 brodie bumped it , and i gave both of them a half-hearted fist-bump in return . 
 `` good luck , everyone . 
 we can do this . '' 
 the nervous flutter in my stomach remained . 
 i was so close to winning the million dollars . 
 so close . 
 i just had to get through this last competition . 
 i reached out and pulled the rope that held the curtains shut . 
 three barrels stood on a platform , evenly spaced . 
 each one had a stepladder next to it so we could climb in easily . 
 the barrels were see-through . 
 and the interior of each barrel was filled with thousands of bugs . 
 beetles and worms crawled all over each other , and cockroaches and god-knew-what-else swarmed in the mix . 
 the pile of bugs in each barrel writhed , and over and over , the collective mass of insects made that shivering noise that i had n't been able to place . 
 it was n't a shiver after all . 
 it was the sound of thousands of bug wings and legs rubbing up against each other . 
 oh my god . 
 i moaned , pressing a hand to my mouth . 
 this was my worst nightmare . 
 i could stay in a haunted house for two months . 
 i could outfight and outwit with the best of them . 
 i could get my hair cut in a mohawk and walk around on national tv with it in all its hideous glory . 
 but i could n't get into a barrel of bugs . 
 gooseflesh broke out on my arms , and i began to sweat . 
 `` um . '' 
 `` you okay , baby ? '' 
 brodie moved to my side , putting a comforting arm around my shoulders . 
 `` no , '' i whispered . 
 `` i do n't think i am . '' 
 i could n't stop staring at those barrels and their roiling , noisy , moving contents . 
 `` hey , '' brodie said softly , and turned me toward him . 
 `` look at me . '' 
 i forced my gaze away from those barrels and looked up at him , my eyes wide with fear . 
 `` you do n't have to do this if you do n't want to , '' he told me quietly . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` it 's not okay . 
 i have to do this . 
 i have to . '' 
 i looked over at the barrel again , and that was a mistake . 
 i felt sick and freaked out all over again . 
 `` have to . '' 
 `` then let 's get going , '' jendan said , and he stepped toward the platform . 
 i nodded . 
 brodie gave me another concerned look , but we separated and headed for our places . 
 each step up the stairs to the platform felt like i was heading to my execution . 
 i could do this . 
 i could . 
 there were a million dollars at stake . 
 so a few bugs would touch me . 
 big deal , right ? 
 i made the mistake of looking over the edge of my barrel , and i moaned all over again . 
 oh god . 
 there were so many bugs . 
 big fat ones with little clawed legs and some with segmented bodies . 
 i was pretty sure there were cockroaches in there , long ones , and i saw the undulation of something with a jillion legs as it sank into the pool of writhing bodies . 
 once i stepped in there , some of them were going to smash against my skin and then i 'd be sitting in dead bugs and live bugs - my stomach heaved , and i clamped a hand over my mouth . 
 i stepped backward , away from the barrel . 
 i squeezed my eyes shut and hunched down into a crouch , desperately trying to keep my breakfast down . 
 warm arms moved around me again . 
 `` hey , '' brodie said in a soft voice . 
 `` breathe , baby . 
 i 've got you . '' 
 he held me close and steered me away from the barrel , and i let him . 
 we moved to sit on the edge of the stage together , and i leaned heavily against him , panting . 
 i rubbed my arms , unable to stop shivering . 
 `` it 's okay , kandis , '' he told me , his fingers stroking my cheek . 
 `` if you ca n't do it , you ca n't do it . '' 
 `` it 's stupid , '' i told him , and tears spilled out of my eyes . 
 `` they 're just bugs , right ? 
 i should be able to get into a barrel of bugs . '' 
 `` it 's not stupid when you 're scared . 
 i do n't want you to have to go through that . '' 
 he lifted my chin with his fingers and leaned in to whisper . 
 `` i 've got this , baby . 
 i 'll win this for us , okay ? 
 you said you trusted me . 
 let me win this for the two of us . '' 
 every part of me wanted to protest that i needed to get back in there , to suck it up and be an adult and sit in a barrel of bugs for a million dollars . 
 but i just could n't . 
 `` you 'll win this for us ? '' 
 `` i will , '' he told me , and he pressed a kiss to my mouth . 
 `` you let me worry about everything from now on , okay ? '' 
 i nodded and raked my short hair back from my face and then exhaled heavily . 
 `` okay . 
 okay . 
 okay . '' 
 i did n't know if i was convincing him or myself . 
 i looked over at jendan . 
 `` i 'm not going in there . '' 
 he gave a crisp nod , handsome face impassive . 
 `` you do what you got ta do . '' 
 brodie pressed another kiss to my forehead , and then he jumped to his feet . 
 `` let 's get this show on the road , then , shall we ? '' 
 i hopped off of the platform , wanting to put as much space between me and those bugs as possible . 
 i was unable to stop shivering , despite the sweat coating my body . 
 it was more than fear , though . 
 it was anger . 
 i was angry at myself because i could n't get past my bug squick to compete in what could be a million dollar competition . 
 i knew it was simple panic , but i held on to brodie 's words . 
 i 'll win this for us , okay ? 
 i 'd put my trust in him . 
 there was a bench set up on the far end of the challenge area for non-participants ; someone must have guessed that not all of us would be able to suck it up and participate . 
 i sat there as the two men climbed the stairs to their barrels . 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 jendan asked brodie . 
 `` count of three , '' brodie replied . 
 i drew my legs up and curled into a little ball , squeezing my eyes shut and clamping my hands over my ears . 
 i did n't think i could even listen to them get in . 
 so i burrowed down and counted backward from a hundred in my head , waiting . 
 when i was done , a stole a peek up at the stage . 
 both men were seated in the barrels up to their necks . 
 jendan had a vacant look on his face , as if he was trying to zone out and not think about what was going on . 
 brodie , however , was wrinkling his nose and making faces , clearly disgusted . 
 he saw he had my attention and raised a hand to let me know he was okay . 
 a gigantic beetle crossed his arm as he did . 
 i turned away and heaved up the contents of my stomach . 
 long minutes passed . 
 no one talked . 
 no one said anything , actually , and the only sound was that constant shivering hiss of the bugs as they moved against each other . 
 i could n't look at the stage . 
 i got up from the bench , paced away , and then retreated to the far end of the backyard . 
 the smoker 's couches that were set up on a corner of the porch were far enough away from the challenge area , so i headed there and lay down , curled up on my side as i waited . 
 the upholstery smelled faintly of cigarette smoke , but i did n't care . 
 i was n't participating , but i could n't leave the backyard , not while fate was being decided . 
 brodie said he 'd win this . 
 he had to . 
 hours passed . 
 from my vantage point in the distance , i could see both men still sitting quietly in their barrels . 
 every once in a while , someone would raise a hand to flick a stray bug that moved too close to a face -lrb- and set my stomach to roiling all over again -rrb- but for the most part , they were silent . 
 the tension was palpable in the air . 
 i watched them as much as i could , chewing on my fingernails in anxiety . 
 god , why did this have to be the last challenge ? 
 why was i such a chicken that i could n't do this after all ? 
 jendan and brodie clearly hated it , but they were doing the challenge . 
 they were stronger than me . 
 me , i freaked out at stupid bugs . 
 cut my hair off ? 
 sure . 
 touch a bug for a million dollars , and i was out . 
 i hated myself for being so weak . 
 more time passed , and the afternoon heat was thick and muggy . 
 the quiet in the yard was intense , and i found myself nodding off , exhausted . 
 i jerked away at the sound of a male shout . 
 i bolted upright , rubbing my eyes . 
 who was it that had broken ? 
 in the distance , jendan crawled out of his barrel , brushing bugs off of him with frantic hands . 
 he raced out of the challenge area and dove straight for the pool , ripping off his clothes . 
 `` fuuuuuck , '' he shouted , and he cannonballed into the pool . 
 i. . . 
 did n't know whether to laugh or cheer . 
 he erupted from the water a moment later , scrubbing hard at his skin , a disgusted look on his face . 
 `` ugh ! 
 that is the worst ! '' 
 brodie emerged from his barrel a moment later , and a buzzer went off . 
 `` brodie is the winner of the final power play , '' a voice chimed over the intercom . 
 `` congratulations , brodie . 
 be ready for the final nomination ceremony tonight . '' 
 `` thanks , house , '' brodie said in a cheerful , unhurried voice . 
 he picked bugs off of his clothes as he casually walked off the stage . 
 i stared at him , numb . 
 he 'd won . 
 really ? 
 i looked over at jendan , who was still scrubbing at his skin in the pool , and tried not to look at the ring of bugs and bug parts surrounding him in the water . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` i nodded off , '' jendan said , disgust in his voice . 
 `` one got into my hair and went for my ear . 
 i flipped out . '' 
 i stood up , cautiously approaching brodie as he moved to the edge of the pool . 
 `` you won ? '' 
 `` i won , baby ! '' 
 he called , and spread his arms wide . 
 `` come give your man a kiss . '' 
 covered in bug grossness ? 
 i shoved him into the pool . 
 jendan laughed , and brodie did too , when he came up out of the water . 
 `` i suppose i deserved that . '' 
 chapter eleven `` did you see the way marla lit into my partner ? 
 i have never wanted to punch a soccer mom in the mouth so badly . 
 the worst thing is , i get the impression she 's not the only one ready to tear into kandis . 
 what , all because my baby 's sneakier than they are ? 
 i think she 's f ** king awesome , and i love that she 's devious . 
 it 's damn sexy . '' 
 - brodie short , day 61 i straightened my blouse and admired my reflection in the mirror . 
 tonight , i was up on the block again . 
 i 'd dressed nicely , since it felt like you had to dress up when you were nominated in case it was the last time people saw you . 
 i did n't bother to pack my bag , though . 
 i still needed to do laundry and there was plenty of time for that tomorrow once the house was down to just me and brodie . 
 tomorrow night , one of us would have a million dollars in hand . 
 we just had to go through the vote-off tonight . 
 with one final check at my eye-makeup and lipstick , i headed downstairs . 
 `` two minutes to on the air , '' a voice intoned . 
 `` please take your seats . '' 
 i rushed across the big , empty house and headed to the living room . 
 jendan was already there , seated in one of the nomination chairs . 
 the other one was empty , waiting for me . 
 brodie was the lone one sitting on the other couches , and he had a smile on his face that did n't quite reach his eyes . 
 that concerned me . 
 instead of heading for my chair , i moved to brodie 's side and snuggled close to him . 
 we still had two minutes , after all . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 he nodded , and he leaned over to give me a quick kiss on the mouth . 
 `` just sad about jendan , is all . 
 he 's a good guy . '' 
 `` yeah , but we 're almost to the end , '' i told him . 
 `` not much longer now . '' 
 i gave his thigh an affectionate squeeze , and then got up , heading to my chair . 
 then , we were on the air . 
 becky bradley 's face showed up on the monitor . 
 `` hello , house guests ! '' 
 `` hi becky , '' we called out . 
 `` welcome to the second to the last show of this season 's house guests ! 
 it 's been an exciting one , has n't it ? '' 
 she did n't wait for us to answer . 
 instead , we heard her talking to the studio audience about the challenge earlier that day , and then silence , which indicated they were showing a film clip . 
 when they came back , becky began to grill us . 
 `` brodie , how does it feel to have won ? '' 
 he ran a hand down his chest and stretched . 
 `` feels awesome , becky . 
 it means i get to relax . '' 
 she tittered . 
 `` and your teammate , kandis . 
 she chose not to participate at all . 
 how does that make you feel ? '' 
 `` i honestly do not blame kandis one bit for not participating . '' 
 he looked over at me and winked , and then turned back to becky 's monitor . 
 `` i 'm scared of stds , and if it was a barrel full of stds , i do n't think i would have jumped in there for all the money in the world . '' 
 i snorted and then smothered my laughter behind my hand . 
 what a ridiculous thing to say . 
 but i knew how brodie worked . 
 he was trying to divert becky 's attention away from me and back to him . 
 in a way , he was protecting me by being outrageous . 
 that was so sweet . 
 `` jendan , how do you feel about kandis not participating in the challenge ? '' 
 i looked over at the stuntman . 
 he hesitated for a moment and then threw his hands up . 
 `` it is what it is . 
 i ca n't blame her , because i think she 's a lock either way . 
 so if i were in her shoes , i do n't think i would have done it , either . '' 
 for some reason , his words bothered me . 
 did he think i had n't participated just because i knew i was safe ? 
 that was n't how i felt at all . 
 i frowned at jendan , but becky was talking again . 
 `` how are you feeling tonight , kandis ? '' 
 becky 's voice was silky smooth . 
 gee , that was a loaded question . 
 i smoothed my green blouse and then ran a hand down my jeans , trying not to fidget too much . 
 `` well , i 'm disappointed i did n't participate in the challenge , of course . 
 i feel like i should have , but i just could n't bring myself to do it . '' 
 `` with that in mind , do you feel vulnerable for eviction ? '' 
 i looked at brodie 's smiling , handsome face . 
 `` no , '' i said honestly . 
 `` brodie 's had my back , and i trust him . 
 so i 'm going to keep on trusting him . '' 
 brodie 's smile did n't change . 
 `` all right , then , '' becky said . 
 `` when we come back , we 'll let the nominees have one final statement , and then we 'll take the only vote - brodie 's . 
 stay tuned ! '' 
 an unnatural silence hit as we waited through the commercial break . 
 `` good luck , you two , '' jendan said . 
 `` no hard feelings all around , right ? '' 
 i looked at him and smiled . 
 `` no hard feelings . '' 
 `` it 's all just business , '' brodie said easily . 
 `` after all this is over , we need to go out for drinks . 
 winner buys . '' 
 jendan chuckled . 
 `` sounds fair to me . '' 
 then , we fell silent once more . 
 `` and we 're back , '' becky said , an interminable amount of time later . 
 her hair and smiling face filled the stretched-out monitor once more , and for a moment , i had the weird impression that she was leering at us . 
 `` since there are only three house guests remaining , jendan and kandis are the nominees for eviction . 
 brodie is the power player this week , and he is also the only one that can vote . 
 we 'll let jendan and kandis each have a turn to plead their case to brodie . 
 jendan , let 's start with you . '' 
 jendan stood up and crossed his arms over his chest , a wry smile on his face . 
 `` there 's really nothing i can say that can change anyone 's mind at this point . 
 i just want to let you guys know that we 're going to leave here as friends , no matter what , and may the best man-or woman-win this thing . '' 
 with that , he sat back down . 
 i smiled at him , feeling relieved . 
 the last thing i wanted was for jendan-who had been my friend since i 'd stepped foot into this house-to be upset over getting voted out . 
 `` kandis ? '' 
 becky inquired . 
 i stood up and smoothed my palms against my jeans again . 
 `` i do n't have too much to say , either . 
 i 'm just glad we 're all going to leave here friends . '' 
 i glanced over at brodie and smiled , and then sat back down again . 
 `` all right , then . 
 it 's time for the final vote . '' 
 brodie inhaled , as if steeling himself , and then he got to his feet . 
 he moved to the center of the room , facing the two of us . 
 and paused . 
 after a moment , he began . 
 `` this is a hard vote for me . 
 harder than i thought it would be . 
 i told myself i was coming in here with no strings attached , and what happened would happen . 
 but i find that even the best promises are n't always ones we can keep . '' 
 he looked at me . 
 i started to get a funny feeling in my stomach . 
 `` kandis , '' he said . 
 `` beautiful , gorgeous , smart , funny , kandis . '' 
 in slow motion , i watched his shoulders raise in a regretful sigh , his face sorrowful . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but i 'm voting you out . '' 
 the world crashed . 
 my ears rang , blood roaring in them . 
 i stared straight ahead at brodie , waiting for him to show me he 'd been lying . 
 joking . 
 something . 
 but he just stared at me with big , blue eyes that begged me to forgive him . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 jendan 's voice was a mere whisper . 
 i looked over at him to see if he 'd been planning this with brodie , but he looked just as shocked as i felt . 
 no , i was n't shocked , i realized as i stood . 
 i was numb . 
 completely , utterly numb . 
 i 'd trusted brodie short . 
 brodie the betrayer , who 'd dicked over his sister last season just so he could hook up with a hot chick . 
 and i 'd fallen for the guy . 
 he 'd told me he 'd loved me and that i needed to trust him , and i had . 
 he 'd told me he 'd win the last challenge for us , and i 'd believed him . 
 and now he 'd just voted me out . 
 as i stood , jendan did , too . 
 i gave him a stiff hug of goodbye and patted him on the back . 
 `` good luck , jendan , '' i told him in a soft voice . 
 `` i swear , kandis , i did n't know , '' he said . 
 i nodded . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 then , i pulled away from him and turned to my so-called partner . 
 brodie was standing there , his hands shoved into his jeans pockets , a tortured look on his face . 
 when i moved away from jendan , he began to approach me . 
 i put a hand up , warning him off . 
 `` do n't touch me right now . '' 
 my voice was shaking . 
 i could n't believe this . 
 brodie had just humiliated me on national television . 
 even after all the logical talking i 'd done to myself , positive that i was going to be cool as a cucumber and make strategic decisions , i 'd played with my heart in the end and gotten burned on the process . 
 `` kandis , '' he began . 
 i shook my head , stumbling away . 
 `` i do n't want to talk to you , '' i stated again , heading quickly for the exit door that was always locked . 
 `` just leave me alone . '' 
 `` baby , please - '' `` do n't call me baby , '' i snapped . 
 blind with the tears that threatened to spill out of my eyes , i put my hands on the exit door . 
 it was always sealed except for when it was confessional time or someone was being evicted . 
 the green light was on , showing that the door was open , and it was time for me to go . 
 time for me to go . 
 my game was over . 
 i reached for the door with a trembling hand . 
 i still had a chance to turn around and tell brodie what i really thought . 
 how hurt i was . 
 how betrayed i felt . 
 how completely , utterly foolish and betrayed and stupid and betrayed and angry and betrayed ... but i could n't bring myself to do it . 
 with a shake of my head , i headed into the hallway and out of the house guests house . 
 as i emerged out of the tunnel that led to the house , bright lights flooded my face , and i hastily wiped at my eyes , thankful that i 'd worn waterproof mascara . 
 there were people cheering , the stands filled with a live studio audience , and becky bradley was there , smiling , extending her hands at me . 
 `` kandis thornton , '' she announced . 
 `` you played a great game , but in the end , it was n't enough . '' 
 she gave me a wimpy hug and then gestured at the seat next to her . 
 `` sit down , and let 's have your exit interview . '' 
 in a daze , i sat . 
 i mumbled answers as becky fired questions at me , though i was never really quite sure of what i was saying . 
 i was still too numb , too detached from the situation . 
 i had n't packed my bags . 
 had n't made a big speech about how i 'd played the game or even tried to save myself . 
 i 'd thought i was safe , because the guy i was sleeping with , the guy i 'd been partners with since the beginning , the guy that had declared love for me , had my back . 
 which was all just a lie . 
 i was leaving the house a loser in all ways . 
 no money to save my mom , no chance to fix things , and worst of all , completely and utterly betrayed by a man i 'd known in my heart not to trust . 
 i had twenty-five grand to fix everything . 
 it 'd be a drop in the bucket . 
 `` so , kandis , '' becky said , and she touched my leg to bring back my wandering attention . 
 `` tomorrow night is the finale . 
 how do you think you 'll vote ? '' 
 i stared at her woodenly . 
 `` i honestly have no idea . '' 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ once the show was finished , i was handed off to an assistant , cassie . 
 she was responsible for driving me to the jury house where the rest of the cast was staying until tomorrow night . 
 and as she drove , she chattered on and on , rambling about the weather and the show and how good it would be to get back to hollywood instead of north carolina , which was n't her favorite place . 
 i listened to her in silence , my mind still focused on those last few minutes in the house . 
 i felt betrayed , of course , but i also felt really stupid . 
 trust me , kandis . 
 i 'll make this right for both of us . 
 i snorted . 
 what a liar . 
 `` hmm ? '' 
 cassie looked over at me . 
 `` nothing . 
 just thinking . '' 
 i was n't in the mood to talk . 
 the car pulled up to a hotel , and cassie parked in the check-in zone and handed her keys off to an employee . 
 `` come on , kandis . 
 i 'll show you to your room . '' 
 i followed her , but she paused , frowning at me . 
 `` did you forget your bag ? '' 
 `` i did n't pack it , '' i said listlessly . 
 i had n't really considered the idea of brodie betraying me . 
 he 'd asked for my trust , and i 'd given it to him a hundred percent . 
 which , looking back , was pretty stupid of me . 
 `` oh . '' 
 cassie looked perplexed for a moment . 
 `` what size are you ? 
 i can get you some clothes from a nearby store for the finale . '' 
 i told her , and she continued chattering on the way in . 
 the show had rented out the entire eighteenth floor of the hotel , and it was nice to have their own floor but it was still inconvenient to be on the eighteenth floor and it took some getting used to and did i want to go hang out with the other jury members for a bit before we shot our scene for the evening ? 
 `` scene ? '' 
 i mumbled , crossing my arms over my chest . 
 `` yep . 
 the jury has to get together and make it seem like they 're hashing out the vote . 
 we use it as a cut segment for the finale . 
 since we 're on a truncated schedule , i 'll come get you in about six hours . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 that was the last thing i wanted to do at the moment . 
 `` can i just go to my room , please ? '' 
 `` all right , '' cassie said , and we got into the elevator . 
 `` but as a reminder , no phone calls and no television . 
 we 've removed both from your room for now , but we also ask that you do n't approach anyone else to try and borrow theirs , either . '' 
 that would n't be a problem . 
 what would i call my mother and say ? 
 hi mom , i tried to win us a million dollars to get you out of debt , but i fell for a guy that ditched me at the last minute . 
 sorry about our future and all . 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ i napped the time away . 
 it was a curious kind of limbo , really . 
 the world would n't start moving again until after the finale , and until then , i had nothing to do . 
 i did n't want to talk to anyone . 
 i did n't want to read a book , and for once in my life , i did n't want to exercise . 
 i just wanted to mope , really . 
 brodie 's betrayal hurt me so much . 
 i 'll make this right for us . 
 how was voting me off making it right for us ? 
 i just did n't understand , and i hated that i was obsessing . 
 i 'd been played . 
 i needed to get over it . 
 instead , i just kept thinking of brodie . 
 he 'd told me he loved me . 
 how did someone just make that shit up ? 
 cassie came to get me at two in the morning . 
 `` we 're going to a lake , '' she explained as i sleepily rubbed my eyes and repaired my makeup . 
 `` they 've got logs pulled up around a campfire and everything . 
 it 's very intimate looking . 
 anyhow , they 're going to set the others up and you 're going to come in last . 
 it 's going to be a big surprise for them . '' 
 `` do n't they know i 'm here ? 
 did they not see the show ? '' 
 `` they 're not allowed to see any of the footage until after the vote . '' 
 `` then they 're in for a treat , are n't they ? '' 
 i was guessing that i was the last person they expected to see walk in . 
 how they 'd laugh at the sight of her . 
 we drove into the woods , and cassie busily consulted her gps as she drove . 
 i slumped in the passenger seat , not exactly chipper . 
 okay , i was sulking . 
 it did n't matter . 
 i was pretty sure this confrontation was going to be an unpleasant one . 
 we pulled up to the spot on the lake . 
 a short distance away , i saw the campfire and a few people seated around it . 
 i also saw three different cameras and their attendant cameramen hovering nearby . 
 a sound guy held up a floating microphone above their heads . 
 intimate , my ass . 
 `` someone 's coming , '' i heard a voice say in an overly theatrical whisper . 
 i wanted to roll my eyes at the drama of it all , but that would just look petty . 
 so i forced a bright smile to my face and headed toward the campfire . 
 and i gave them all a small wave . 
 `` hi , guys . '' 
 they were shocked . 
 okay , shocked was probably an understatement . 
 i saw sunnie and jayme exchange gape-mouth glances , and fido blinked at me . 
 off to one side , marla clapped her hands and stood up , clearly elated . 
 `` yes ! 
 jendan 's in the final two ! '' 
 she crowed . 
 `` oh my god . 
 what happened ? '' 
 jayme asked . 
 `` did jendan win power and pick brodie ? '' 
 i realized with a sinking feeling that they had no idea of what had happened . 
 one of the microphones suddenly hovered near my ear , and i wanted to swat it away . 
 `` no , brodie won . 
 he chose jendan to go to the final two . '' 
 the women gasped . 
 `` but ... i thought ... '' `` you two were so cozy , '' sunnie exclaimed . 
 i 'd thought the same thing . 
 i shrugged , hiding my hurt . 
 `` guess i got played . '' 
 i stole a glance over at marla , who looked utterly triumphant . 
 `` serves you right for playing both sides , '' marla said in a nasty voice . 
 `` you should have known it would come back to bite you in the end . '' 
 `` yes , well , thanks for that stunning piece of input , marla , '' i said . 
 `` i told you guys i got played , all right ? 
 can we leave it at that already ? 
 or did you want to sit here and jump on my corpse for a bit longer ? '' 
 to my surprise , sunnie moved to sit next to me on my log and wrapped her arms around me in a sympathetic hug . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , kandis . '' 
 touched , i hugged her back . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 `` well , '' fido said . 
 `` we 're here to talk about the vote tomorrow . 
 let 's discuss who 's played a better game . '' 
 `` brodie 's certainly played a brutal one , '' jayme said , shooting an apologetic look at me . 
 `` i really did n't think he had it in him to do that . '' 
 i had , though . 
 i 'd seen it with my own eyes when he betrayed his sister . 
 so i said nothing . 
 `` yeah , but what 's the point of dicking over kandis if he knows she 's just going to head straight to the jury ? '' 
 sunnie asked , perplexed . 
 trust me , kandis . 
 i 'll make this work for both of us . 
 `` well , i think it 's obvious who i 'm voting for , '' marla said . 
 `` jendan played a good , clean game . '' 
 `` clean ? '' 
 fido snorted . 
 `` he was teamed up with this one since day one . '' 
 he pointed at me . 
 `` it was strategic , '' marla protested . 
 `` no less than brodie , '' sunnie said . 
 `` he just decided to befriend all of us as his way of getting ahead . '' 
 her hand squeezed mine . 
 `` some of us more than others . '' 
 jeez , i must have really looked like a sad panda at the moment . 
 `` it 's okay , '' i said . 
 `` really . 
 i feel a little hurt at how he lied to me , but overall , brodie did play a good game . '' 
 at their skeptical looks , i shrugged . 
 `` think about it . 
 he came in to the house with a huge target on his back and still managed to somehow befriend everyone and wiggle his way to the end . 
 plus , he won more power plays than anyone else . 
 that should count for something . '' 
 `` are you arguing for him ? '' 
 marla was shocked . 
 `` it 's not personal , right ? 
 it 's just a game , '' i said , though inside i felt dull and lifeless . 
 `` i can reward good gameplay . '' 
 `` you 're a bigger woman than i am , then , '' marla said . 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ the outfits cassie brought for me looked like something that might have come from sunnie 's wardrobe of glitzy designer clothes . 
 i picked the most normal of the lot-a pale strapless dress with a tight bust and a sharkbite hem . 
 the skirt was a gauzy gray ombre . 
 it was pretty without being over the top , and i liked it . 
 and since i figured why the hell not , i borrowed a huge pair of earrings from sunnie and fixed my growing-out hair into a fashionable pompadour . 
 i wore a lot of smoky gray eyeshadow and fake lashes , and with the jewelry , the dress , and the hair , i looked like i belonged on a runway . 
 that was definitely not low-key zumba instructor kandis thornton , but she did n't want to show up tonight , anyhow . 
 she 'd just had her heart trampled on . 
 i got into the shuttle bus with the other jury members , all equally glammed up , and we were driven back out to the magnolias for the finale . 
 the parking lot was full , and the audience bleachers were filling up with excited people . 
 we were ushered to the back of the staging area and given instructions . 
 one by one , becky would call us out , ask us a question about how we were doing since the vote off -lrb- ha -rrb- , and then we 'd take a seat on the five jury seats in the order we 'd been kicked off . 
 when it came time to vote , we 'd each be given a ballot , and we 'd have a chance to say something to jendan or brodie before casting our vote . 
 then , the results would be revealed , and the finale would be over . 
 simple enough . 
 i was in a daze . 
 sunnie chatted at my side backstage , and the others seemed to be in a great mood . 
 i could n't concentrate . 
 this whole sordid affair was about to be over , at least . 
 then i could go back to reality . 
 one by one , the others went on stage . 
 i heard them chatting with becky , the voices booming over the microphones we were hooked up to , and the cheers and applause of the audience . 
 they all seemed to be having a great time . 
 everyone was so happy , except me . 
 i was still numb . 
 it seemed a little unfair . 
 `` kandis , you 're on , '' someone hissed into the earpiece i 'd been wired with , and i stumbled out onto the stage . 
 this time , i was smart and had worn ballet flats instead of heels , so i recovered quickly and headed out . 
 `` wave to the crowd , '' the voice instructed as i walked out onto the stage , and i did . 
 i was surprised by the deafening roar i received . 
 had they been so happy to see me last night ? 
 i had no idea . 
 i continued to wave , feeling awkward , and then took my spot next to becky . 
 the house mother was dressed in pink chiffon , her big blonde hair in a poofy upsweep . 
 `` now , kandis , '' she said over the enthusiastic roar of the crowd . 
 `` your ousting was just one of many shockers this season . 
 now that you 've had a chance to sleep on it , how do you feel ? '' 
 i stared out into the crowd . 
 i could n't make out faces because the spotlights on stage were too bright . 
 but there were hundreds of people out there , and they all seemed excited to see me . 
 why ? 
 had n't i played like a real bitch at times ? 
 `` i 'm okay with it , '' i told her . 
 `` it was just strategy at the end of the day , so i do n't have any hard feelings . '' 
 `` there was n't just strategy going on between you and brodie , '' becky said in a coy voice . 
 `` do you want to tell us a bit more about that ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said bluntly . 
 the crowd cheered again , voices laughing as if i 'd said something hysterical . 
 `` well , the cameras do n't lie . 
 i think we know the truth about what was going on , even if you do n't want to say it out loud . '' 
 becky gestured for me to take my seat . 
 i headed over there gratefully . 
 as i sat down , becky turned her back to us and hoisted her microphone closer to her mouth . 
 `` now that we 've caught up with our jury , it 's time for the vote . 
 we 'll let our two gentlemen in the house have a chance to speak before the jury casts their votes . '' 
 the enormous tv screen on stage lit up , and brodie and jendan were sitting in the evictee chairs . 
 both of them were in suits-jendan in black and brodie in dark gray . 
 they both looked amazing , and it hurt me a little to see how gorgeous brodie was . 
 twenty four hours was not enough time for me to lick my wounds . 
 `` we 'll let brodie speak first , '' becky said . 
 brodie stood and straightened his suit . 
 he grinned at the camera and gave us all his regular , cocky smile . 
 `` i ca n't see anyone out there but becky , but i 'm sure you all look amazing . 
 i ca n't wait to hang out with everyone again , and i just want to say that i had a blast . 
 marla , sunnie , fido , jayme-we were friends in the house , and we 'll be friends outside of it . 
 to kandis , i just want to say ... i 'm sorry , and trust me . '' 
 he sat back down . 
 there it was again-another plea for trust . 
 was this a last ditch effort to get me to vote for him ? 
 my mouth twisted into a wry smile . 
 i 'd had my vote made up since last night . 
 jendan got up and gave a lovely speech about friendships made , about strategy , and he detailed all the different ways he thought he 'd played well , and he hoped we voted for him . 
 i was n't listening . 
 not really . 
 i was watching brodie behind his shoulder , and the way he smoothed the corners of his mouth with his fingertips , the way the smile on his face did n't quite reach his eyes . 
 he was nervous about something . 
 about the vote ? 
 or about confronting me after he 'd ruined my chances because he knew he 'd f ** ked me in more ways than one ? 
 `` with the speeches out of the way ... '' becky paused and turned back to us with a brilliant smile . 
 `` let 's get the voting in , shall we ? '' 
 two assistants rolled out a podium , and the spotlights changed , shining on the podium itself . 
 there was a big feather pen sticking out of an inkpot , a stack of ballots , and to the right , a house-shaped mailbox to put the ballots in . 
 the studio went dark , the only light on the podium itself . 
 `` all right , '' becky said . 
 `` let 's have our jury , one by one , go up and vote . 
 jurors get a chance to say their final piece to the last two contestants as they vote . 
 sunnie , you 're up first . '' 
 the audience was silent as the celebutante headed to the podium . 
 sunnie picked up the pen and turned to face the camera . 
 `` good game , you two . 
 i just wanted to say congratulations to whoever wins . '' 
 she scribbled something down on her ballot , folded it neatly , and dropped it in the mailbox . 
 one by one , the others voted . 
 everyone said encouraging things , and i watched brodie and jendan 's faces . 
 both of them were smiling , but neither one looked visibly nervous . 
 me , though , i was a wreck . 
 my palms were sweating , and i wanted to wipe them on my wispy dress , but i was worried about leaving wet streaks . 
 so i fidgeted instead . 
 i was the last one called up to vote . 
 i stood , smoothed my dress , and headed to the podium . 
 once up there , i was nearly blinded by the overhead lighting . 
 squinting , i glanced up at the direction of the tv screen , but the glare was so bright that i could n't see their faces . 
 i 'd thought long and hard about what i would say to the two guys there . 
 a bitter speech ? 
 lash out ? 
 take the high road ? 
 in the end , i went with simple . 
 `` jendan , good luck . 
 i 'm glad we became friends . 
 and to brodie ... '' i paused , thinking . 
 `` you betrayed me and now you 're asking me to trust you . 
 i guess we 'll see , huh ? '' 
 i picked up the ballot marked with my name in the corner , and wrote a name down before i had a chance to change my mind . 
 i folded it carefully , paused , and then placed it into the house-shaped ballot box before i took my seat again . 
 `` when we come back , '' becky intoned , `` the results of our vote ! '' 
 the air felt cooler as i stepped out of the bright lighting , and i pressed the back of my hand to my forehead , sweating with anxiety . 
 i was so nervous that i wanted to twitch right out of my chair . 
 did i make the right choice ? 
 minutes ticked past with agonizing slowness . 
 my knee bounced with nerves , and i was unable to help my nervous fidgeting . 
 it must have been pretty bad ; fido gave me an irritated look and scooted his chair a little further away from mine . 
 it did n't make me stop , though . 
 i only twitched harder , and then i began to bite my nails . 
 the lighting in the studio changed , and i sucked in a breath . 
 `` we 're back , '' becky said . 
 she stepped to the podium and flipped open the top of the little house-shaped ballot box . 
 `` i 'll read the votes . '' 
 i glanced at the screen showing the interior of the house . 
 neither jendan nor brodie were smiling now . 
 their gazes were intent on the screen , and i could see tension vibrating from both of them . 
 `` the first vote is sunnie 's . '' 
 becky read , and then she opened the folded paper and displayed it to us . 
 brodie had been written in curling letters . 
 `` one vote for brodie . '' 
 the audience cheered wildly . 
 `` the next vote is fido 's . '' 
 a pause , then a turn . 
 jendan . 
 `` that 's one vote for jendan , and one for brodie . '' 
 more clapping punctuated the vote . 
 `` the next vote is jayme 's . 
 jayme has voted for ... brodie . 
 that 's two for brodie , one for jendan . '' 
 `` the next vote is marla 's . 
 marla has voted for ... '' a dramatic pause , and then a slow turn of the card . 
 `` jendan . 
 we 're at a tie . 
 two for brodie , two for jendan . '' 
 i felt ill . 
 my vote was going to be the deciding one . 
 i tugged at my dress 's skirt , hoping it would n't stick to me with the nervous sweat that was pouring off of my body . 
 `` last vote , and it 's from kandis , '' becky said . 
 how could her voice be so coolly monotone at a time like this ? 
 i was practically sliding off of my chair with nerves . 
 time slowed as she opened the folded vote . 
 `` brodie . '' 
 becky smiled and held my vote into the air . 
 `` you 're our winner ! '' 
 the audience exploded into cheers . 
 i burst into tears . 
 it was drowned out by the fact that everyone had leapt to their feet . 
 i barely saw brodie jump in the air-on screen-and throw a fist up in jubilation . 
 the crowd went wild , and people were cheering and clapping and rushing forward . 
 it was mad chaos as balloons and tickertape fell from above . 
 i just sat in my chair and wiped my eyes . 
 why was i crying ? 
 it was stupid , really . 
 it was n't sadness or embarrassment as much as it was sheer relief . 
 at least the game was over . 
 i 'd held up my end . 
 brodie had told me he loved me , and he asked me to trust him . 
 and even though my every instinct told me i was being played , i went along with that trust . 
 i wanted to believe he was a better person than that . 
 so now , i was just waiting for him to show me that my trust in him was well-placed . 
 brodie emerged from the house a moment later , and all spotlights went on him . 
 he raised his hands in the air , grinning broadly , and was immediately tackled by several people-i noticed one was his sister katy , who was bouncing up and down with excitement . 
 it was mass chaos in the studio . 
 and still i sat in my chair , hoping and waiting for him to turn to me . 
 he scanned the room , squinting at the glare of the lighting and tickertape . 
 my heart hammered in my chest as hope rose . 
 was he looking for me ? 
 a second later , becky bradley went to his side , all smiles . 
 `` let 's take a moment and talk with our winner , '' she said . 
 `` or do you need to get more hugging out of the way ? '' 
 he laughed , a dazed look on his face . 
 `` no , i 'm good . '' 
 i 'm good . 
 just like that , my hopes crumpled . 
 i felt deflated , like a balloon left out in the sun for too long . 
 i 'd trusted and i 'd gotten burned . 
 brodie had just been playing me , after all . 
 chapter twelve `` do i feel like a winner ? 
 not if kandis does n't forgive me . '' 
 - brodie short , finale the celebratory party went on for hours , and i did my best to make it seem like i was genuinely happy . 
 i chatted with the other house guests who 'd been voted off , did my after-show interviews , and tried to keep upbeat . 
 over and over , i was asked , `` why did you vote for brodie ? 
 why 'd you give him the money even after he screwed you ? '' 
 and over and over , i replied simply , `` he played the best game . '' 
 he had , after all . 
 he 'd had me fooled even in the eleventh hour . 
 he knew just what to say to ensure my vote . 
 i could n't even be mad . 
 soul-crushingly disappointed ? 
 yes . 
 but mad ? 
 not really . 
 there was a stupid , stupid part of me that was in love with brodie short . 
 it did n't matter that he 'd used me and booted me out of the game . 
 i was in love with him , and as a result , i wanted him to win . 
 i held it together for hours , and i waited , hopeful that i 'd turn around and see brodie waiting to talk to me . 
 but every time i looked for him , he was sitting , doing interviews , or talking to someone . 
 he was always busy , always surrounded by people , and laughing and having a great time . 
 why would n't he be ? 
 he 'd just won a million dollars . 
 but when cassie showed up at my side just to catch me up on the next day 's plans , i cornered her . 
 `` can i leave now ? '' 
 she looked surprised , gazing around at the glitzy after-party , full of happy people with drinks in their hands . 
 `` you want to leave ? '' 
 more than anything . 
 `` yeah , i have a headache . 
 can we go back to the hotel ? '' 
 `` well ... okay . '' 
 she still looked surprised but nodded . 
 `` i 'll drive you out . '' 
 an hour later , i was in my bed at the hotel room , face washed , pajamas on . 
 a phone was now in my room , and i picked it up and immediately called my mother despite the late hour . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 my mother 's familiar voice was wonderful . 
 `` mama , it 's me . '' 
 `` oh , kandis ! '' 
 she sobbed on the other end of the phone . 
 `` sweetie , i 'm so sorry . '' 
 i could feel my own tears rising . 
 `` i tried to win , mama . 
 i really did . 
 i - '' `` i do n't care about that , '' she said tearfully . 
 i heard her sniff loudly . 
 `` i did n't realize how upset you were until i saw you on tv talking about it with that awful man . 
 do you really think i have a problem ? 
 i just like playing the machines . '' 
 she was actually asking me ? 
 she had n't noticed until now ? 
 really ? 
 `` yes , you do have a problem , mama . 
 you spend all of your money there , and that 's not good , '' i said wiping my eyes . 
 `` and i want to help you . '' 
 `` i 'm going to change , '' she promised me . 
 `` we 'll figure this out . 
 do n't you worry about your mama . '' 
 i smiled through my tears . 
 `` i 'm glad to hear that . '' 
 we talked for a little longer , but i started to yawn , exhausted , and then we hung up . 
 i curled up in bed , hugging my pillow . 
 it felt weird to have a bed all to myself after two months of sharing the sheets with brodie . 
 of course , thinking about brodie made fresh tears come to my eyes . 
 he had n't even tried to see me tonight . 
 did he really not care one bit ? 
 i sniffed . 
 then , my sniffles became tears , and i cried myself to sleep . 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ pound pound pound . 
 i jerked upright in the darkness , rubbing my face . 
 my nerves were on high alert , and i shivered . 
 had one of the ghosts decided to make themselves known after all ? 
 then , i realized i was no longer at the magnolias . 
 i was n't on the show . 
 i was in a hotel room . 
 i glanced over at the clock . 
 3:37 a.m. pound . 
 pound . 
 pound . 
 `` kandis ! 
 i know you 're in there ! '' 
 that was brodie 's voice . 
 scrubbing my face with one hand , i slid out of bed and headed to the hotel door . 
 i peered out of the peephole . 
 sure enough , there was brodie in his dark gray suit , collar loose . 
 he was in the hallway , alone . 
 as i watched , he reached out to pound on the door again . 
 i hastily undid the chain latch and slid the door open a crack . 
 `` brodie ? 
 what the hell are you doing ? 
 it 's three in the morning . '' 
 to my surprise , he pushed his way into the room . 
 before i had time to protest , his hands were cupping my face , and he leaned down and began to kiss me , his tongue sliding into my mouth . 
 i shoved at him , suddenly furious , and pushed him away . 
 `` what the fuck , brodie ? 
 no hello ? '' 
 he leaned against the wall , all gorgeousness , and gave me a lazy , delicious smile . 
 `` hello , kandis . 
 can we kiss now ? '' 
 `` no , we ca n't kiss . '' 
 i crossed my arms over my sleep shirt and pointed at my cracked door . 
 `` get out of here . '' 
 he straightened , looking surprised . 
 `` are you mad at me ? 
 is this why you avoided me all night ? '' 
 `` me avoided you ? 
 ha . 
 you were too busy glorying in the limelight to stop and say anything to me . '' 
 the words came out bitter and angry . 
 `` i guess i do n't matter anymore , now that you got your vote . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 brodie looked genuinely confused . 
 when i gestured at the door , indicating that he should leave , he shut it instead and leaned on the back of it . 
 `` i thought we were on the same page when you voted for me . 
 that you understood why i did it . '' 
 `` why you voted me out ? 
 hell no , i do n't understand it . '' 
 `` baby , '' he said and reached out for me . 
 i slapped his hand away . 
 `` no ` baby ' here . 
 do n't touch me . '' 
 his face hardened and he leaned back against the door , subtly knocking the back of his head against the wood . 
 `` kandis . 
 think for a minute . 
 really stop and think . '' 
 `` about what , brodie ? 
 about you dicking me over ? '' 
 he shook his head and gave me a level-eyed stare . 
 `` you were n't going to win . 
 there was zero chance of it . 
 did you not see how bitter marla was toward you ? '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` marla was bitter because she knew i was moving ahead . '' 
 he gazed at me for a long moment , his heart in his eyes . 
 my own heart squeezed painfully in my chest . 
 `` you 're mad at me because you think i voted you out so i could win . '' 
 `` is n't that exactly what you did ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` you 're blinded by anger . 
 stop and think for a moment . '' 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` let 's count through the votes . 
 if it was you and jendan in the final , tell me who 'd vote for you . '' 
 `` sunnie - '' `` nope . '' 
 he raised a finger , counting . 
 `` you masterminded her partner out . 
 she 'd vote for jendan . '' 
 `` jayme and fido - '' he raised two more fingers . 
 `` fido voted for jendan tonight . 
 i doubt that would change . 
 and since they were partners , if they did n't vote together , jayme would have voted for jendan . 
 she was mad at you for the same reasons marla was . '' 
 she was ? 
 i frowned . 
 `` marla would n't have voted for me . '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 he wagged four fingers at me . 
 `` that leaves four votes for jendan and one vote for you-my vote . 
 you still would have lost . 
 now flip it . 
 let 's say i took you to the end with me . 
 sunnie would have voted for me . 
 jayme and fido would have voted for me . 
 marla sure as shit would n't have voted for you . 
 that leaves you with one vote again-jendan 's . 
 and that 's only if he kept his word after you voted his ass out and lied to him . '' 
 i stared at brodie , shocked . 
 he was right . 
 there was no way i 'd have won the game . 
 i 'd played hard , and at times i 'd played ugly , and i had n't cared as long as it got me to the end . 
 but i 'd never stopped to consider what i 'd do when i got to the end and everyone was mad at me . 
 `` oh , shit . '' 
 `` that 's right , oh shit . '' 
 he looked a little relieved . 
 i scowled and smacked him on the arm . 
 `` you still did n't have to vote me out , you son of a bitch ! '' 
 he grasped my wrist , capturing it and dragging me closer to him . 
 `` did n't i ? 
 if i knew you were going to lose , why would i send you up there for a bitter jury to eviscerate ? '' 
 `` they were n't all that bitter to you - '' `` because they liked me . 
 and they liked jendan . 
 but because you played harder than both of us , they hated you . '' 
 he leaned in and nuzzled my cheek . 
 `` and the last thing i wanted to see was them attacking you on tv in front of everyone , with no one to defend you . '' 
 `` so you voted me out and made it look like brilliant gameplay for yourself , thus clinching your own win , '' i said bitterly . 
 `` should i clap now ? '' 
 `` you can be mad at me if you want , '' he said , still nuzzling my cheek . 
 i felt his nose brush against my skin , and a shiver moved down my spine despite my anger . 
 my damn body was reacting to him even though i was still furious . 
 `` but i wanted to protect you . 
 no one hurts my baby with me around . 
 and this way , i ensured i won the money for us . 
 you said you trusted me , right ? '' 
 `` i did trust you ! '' 
 i 'd sat in my chair and hoped and hoped for a sign , just one sign that he 'd show me that it was n't all just a showmance for him . 
 but he had n't given me one . 
 `` you ignored me at the finale . '' 
 his tongue brushed along my jaw line , his voice growing husky . 
 `` that 's because i could n't get away from the cameras and becky and all the stinking interviews . 
 i 'm blind from all the damn lights . '' 
 i softened a little at that . 
 i 'd been blinded , too . 
 brodie lightly bit my earlobe . 
 `` i missed you , kandis . '' 
 was this more of brodie laying it on thick ? 
 `` it was only a day , brodie . '' 
 `` yeah , but it made me realize that bed was n't the same without you . 
 you think it did n't tear me up to vote you out , knowing how hurt you were going to be ? 
 i could n't sleep last night , imagining how you felt . 
 i wanted to say something , but i just ... could n't . 
 i was n't sure until the last minute that i was going to do it , but it was the only way i could think to win and not have you come out of this trashed by everyone . 
 you played hardcore the entire time , all strategy . 
 i was hoping you 'd realize that if i voted you out , i 'd cinch this thing and win the money for me and you . '' 
 `` pretty words , '' i told him , leaning away and pulling out of his grasp . 
 `` but useless . 
 did n't you read your contract ? 
 you ca n't share your prize-winnings with anyone on the show even if you wanted to . '' 
 `` they ca n't do anything about it if we 're married , '' brodie said , looking at me with sad , soulful eyes . 
 i stilled . 
 time stilled . 
 `` married ? '' 
 my heart thudded loud in my ears as he reached into his pocket and pulled out a small velvet box . 
 he got down on one knee and looked up at me , heart in his eyes . 
 `` i made one of the assistants drive me around town after the interviews so i could go get this . 
 it 's not great , but it 'll do until we can get you a real one . 
 and the size is probably all wrong , but i wanted to do this right , and i wanted to do this tonight , before you had a chance to get away from me . '' 
 he popped the lid of the box open and held it out to me . 
 `` kandis thornton , i know i can be a total a ** hole at times , but i love you and i feel like we were born to be a team-in and out of the game . 
 you 're the most beautiful , smart , intelligent , clever , and devious woman i 've ever met . 
 plus , you have a killer ass . 
 i love you , and i want you to marry me so i can share the million dollars we won together . '' 
 a knot formed in my throat , and an ache burned in my heart . 
 it was so incredibly sweet of him to offer . 
 `` you do n't have to marry me just because you feel obligated to share with me . '' 
 he gave me an exasperated look and shook the ring at me , still remaining on bended knee . 
 `` i want to marry you because i love going to bed with you and waking up with you . 
 i love scheming with you . 
 i love sex with you . 
 i love the way you twitch every time you get nervous . 
 i love - '' `` okay , okay , '' i said , putting my fingertips to his mouth to silence him . 
 but i was smiling now . 
 i looked at the ring in the box . 
 it was a big , square-cut diamond surrounded by lots of smaller ones on a platinum band . 
 i gasped at the size of it . 
 `` i thought you said this thing was a piece of crap . '' 
 `` well , yeah . 
 i do n't get my check until tomorrow morning . '' 
 he smiled sheepishly . 
 `` i 'll buy you a real one then , if you want . 
 j-lo big . 
 so huge you knock people over with it . '' 
 `` i want this one , '' i said softly , and i pulled it out of the box . 
 sure enough , it was too big , but i slipped it over my finger and did n't care one bit . 
 `` is that a yes ? '' 
 i nodded , and when he grinned and got to his feet , he grabbed me by the h * ps and lifted me into the air , then he thumped both of us down onto the nearby bed . 
 we fell together , tangled , and i laughed . 
 `` thank f ** king god , '' brodie said . 
 `` i thought you were seriously , seriously pissed at me . '' 
 `` i was , '' i said , and i grabbed him by the starchy collar of his dress shirt , pulling him closer for a kiss . 
 `` why the hell did n't you say something sooner ? '' 
 `` i wanted to get the ring , '' he told me between kisses . 
 `` and i wanted it to be real . 
 i did n't want to do it on tv because then it 'd always seem like it was for the show . 
 i wanted this to be just you and me . '' 
 that was ... the perfect thing to say . 
 i gave him an intense kiss and rolled over until i was on top of him , straddling his hips . 
 `` you 're a devious man , brodie short . '' 
 `` it 's a good thing i found an even more devious woman to keep me in line . '' 
 he grinned up at me and raised his hips , pressing his arousal against me . 
 `` mmm , you make it sound like we 're the perfect team . '' 
 his fingertips brushed over my cheek . 
 `` are you kidding ? 
 i know we 're the perfect team . '' 
 and that was why i was crazy about him . 
 sneaky , yet incredibly optimistic . 
 `` you know i love you , right ? '' 
 a huge grin covered his face . 
 `` well , i 'd assumed you did , but it 's nice to hear it out loud . '' 
 `` i was n't sure if you were telling me the truth when you told me you loved me , '' i confessed . 
 `` i thought it might have been more manipulation to get me to vote for you . '' 
 `` jesus , kandis . 
 how dirty of a player do you think i am ? '' 
 `` you did screw over your own sister in the last game you played . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` yeah , but katy had gone on and on about how she did n't want to play the game . 
 i honestly thought she would n't care . 
 and it turned out perfect because she ended up with liam . 
 and the million dollars that should have been mine , except i screwed myself because my partner sucked . '' 
 `` so let me see , last game you hosed your sister and then yourself , and in this game you hosed me . 
 ca n't imagine why i did n't believe a declaration of love . '' 
 `` you 're right , '' he said sarcastically , `` i should have let you go to the end knowing that it would n't make a difference and that the prize money would end up exactly the same , and let the jury tear you a new one on national tv . 
 gee , kandis , that would have been so fun . 
 i wish i had done it so i could see you cry , and then i could get all ragey and hulk-smash on everyone there . 
 that would have gone over well . '' 
 darn it , i could n't stay mad at the guy . 
 i wiggled on top of him , rolling my h * ps against his erection . 
 `` so you would have gotten mad if they 'd torn into me ? '' 
 `` i would have totally messed shit up . 
 throwing chairs , knocking out teeth , you name it . '' 
 `` that is so sexy . '' 
 he wiggled his eyebrows at me . 
 `` am i forgiven ? '' 
 `` not entirely . '' 
 i flashed the ring at him . 
 `` but this goes a long way . '' 
 `` i love you , '' he said , utterly serious . 
 `` i really , really love you . 
 and we 're going to use that money to help your mom . 
 you know that , right ? '' 
 tears pricked my eyes again . 
 man , i was just a crying idiot lately . 
 `` i love you too , you big schemer . '' 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ sometime around dawn , after rounds of torrid make-up sex , we lay in bed together , our fingers laced . 
 brodie was tracing delicate patterns on the skin of my shoulder . 
 i snuggled against him , feeling sated and incredibly happy . 
 `` your apartment is in oklahoma , right ? 
 mine 's in kentucky . 
 so where do we go from here ? '' 
 `` well , '' he said , and he leaned in to kiss my shoulder where he 'd been touching it . 
 `` i 'm happy to go anywhere you are as long as it involves an altar , conjugal living quarters , and room for a small dog . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` a dog ? '' 
 `` yeah , we got ta get a dog . 
 practice for having kids down the road or something . '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` let 's make that a lot further down the road , okay ? '' 
 `` you bet , baby . '' 
 he smoothed a lock of hair away from my face . 
 `` so did the producers contact you yet ? '' 
 i rolled over in bed to face him . 
 `` contact me about what ? '' 
 `` endurance island . '' 
 he wagged his eyebrows at me . 
 `` they 're casting a power couples season , and they 're bringing back people from other shows . 
 they asked me if we were interested . 
 i told them i 'd have to talk it over with my wife , of course . '' 
 `` you told them i 'd be your wife ? '' 
 `` well , i was hopeful . '' 
 he grinned , unrepentant . 
 `` no sense in being a pessimist . '' 
 i reached out and tickled his sides as punishment , enjoying his squirming . 
 `` your wife wants to know what the prize is . '' 
 he considered for a moment . 
 `` i think endurance island has a two-million-dollar prize . '' 
 `` hmm . 
 that 's a million for me and a million for you if we win that thing . '' 
 `` so , are you interested ? '' 
 `` do you promise not to vote me off again ? '' 
 a wicked grin curved his mouth . 
 `` no promises . '' 
 i tickled him harder . 
 `` no deal , then ! '' 
 brodie laughed and struggled , eventually pinning my hands with his stronger ones . 
 `` come on . 
 do n't you want to use that beautiful brain and scheme your way to the money ? '' 
 i did , actually . 
 `` only if you 're at my side the entire time . '' 
 `` they 'd have to pry me away from you with a crowbar . '' 
 he leaned in and kissed me again . 
 `` it 's you and me always , or no deal . '' 
 `` you and me , '' i breathed . 
 `` always . 
 that sounds pretty good . '' 
 `` it sounds f ** king amazing . '' 
 it did at that . 
 ** the end ** 
