 chapter one i felt overdressed the second i stepped off the plane . 
 my simple white dress shirt , teamed with my tailored pale gray suit jacket , and its matching pale gray pencil skirt , had seemed wholly appropriate when i 'd boarded the plane . 
 but one second of breathing my beloved island air , and my outfit was all wrong . 
 this was a business trip , so i had n't even packed anything appropriate for the paradise of my childhood . 
 i did n't even own anything like that anymore . 
 the thought was demoralizing . 
 it was n't even a particularly hot day . 
 a cool breeze wafted across my skin as i stepped outside . 
 i shrugged out of my blazer anyway , unbuttoning an almost indecent amount of buttons at the collar of my shirt . 
 but cl ** vage did n't feel wrong here . 
 i was now in a place where my typical wardrobe was usually a very tiny bikini . 
 had i even packed one of those ? 
 i had resolved to set up meetings as soon as i arrived here , and so had dressed accordingly , but my resolve blew away with the gentle maui breeze . 
 i took deep breaths , loving the smell of the island air , which was divine , even mixed with jet fumes . 
 a car was already waiting for me at the curb , and a driver hustled out to take my sparse luggage . 
 i towered over him in my red jimmy choo 's . 
 at five eleven , though , i would have towered over him even if i were wearing flats . 
 `` ms. middleton , how was your flight ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i smiled at the familiar driver . 
 he worked for my family 's maui resort . 
 i quickly recalled his name . 
 `` i 'm doing well , thomas . 
 how is island life these days ? '' 
 he flashed a grin at me . 
 he was close to my own age of twenty-six , with a slight build and a quick smile . 
 `` still ca n't tear myself away from this rock , so good . 
 bet you miss it . '' 
 he gave me a sympathetic look . 
 it was a look reserved for anyone crazy enough to leave this paradise behind for the mainland . 
 i sighed heavily . 
 `` you have no idea , '' i told him . 
 my voice betrayed far more of my sorrow than i had intended . 
 i mentally berated myself for being a downer at his crestfallen look . 
 he opened the car door for me , and i slipped in , sending him a reassuring look . 
 `` sorry . 
 i do miss it here , but it 's not as bad as that . '' 
 he was behind the wheel before he asked , `` to the hotel , ms. middleton ? '' 
 i started to say yes , but my heart took my mouth over suddenly . 
 `` to the kalua shops . '' 
 he looked a little startled , but just nodded and started to drive . 
 the shops really were n't far from the hotel , i reassured myself . 
 and i could pick up some island necessities for myself . 
 i rolled the window down as we drove . 
 the wind quickly messed up my braid , and i pulled loose my wavy , streaky blonde hair in relief . 
 it only hung to my mid-back now . 
 when i had lived in paradise , it had hung all the way to my butt , with some streaks bleached nearly white by the sun . 
 my skin was almost pale now , not sun-kissed , as i liked it . 
 i 'd had to grow up when i left paradise , and i looked it nowadays . 
 years off my beloved rock had taken their toll . 
 thomas dropped me off at the kalua shops with some reluctance . 
 i waved him off , asking him to have my luggage taken to my room at the hotel . 
 i reassured him that i would call him if i needed a ride . 
 i knew that i would n't . 
 one of the kaluas would give me a ride ; i was sure . 
 they were my second family . 
 i spoke to tutu and mari every week , in one form or another . 
 i had a death grip on my large handbag as i entered the surf shop . 
 i was n't brave enough to venture into the bar or the cafe just yet . 
 i was still taking in the changes in the shop when i heard a shrill shriek from behind the counter . 
 i was being hugged by a short , shapely woman in a flash . 
 i hugged her back tightly , feeling unexpected tears prick my eyes . 
 i felt instantly guilty that i had even considered going to the hotel first . 
 someone had been missing me , after all . 
 i ran a hand down her thick black hair , affectionate with her in a way that i could never be even with my own mother . 
 `` i did n't think you 'd ever come back , '' she whispered , pulling back . 
 her eyes were a brown so dark they looked black . 
 they were lovely and mysterious . 
 she was lovely and mysterious . 
 she was in her mid-forties now , but you would n't know it by looking at her . 
 she was shapely , taking care of her body meticulously , and her face was a golden brown that time had n't yet managed to so much as line . 
 her face was a lovely combination of her mixed japanese-hawaiian heritage . 
 her lips were full , her nose small and pert , her eyes large and almond shaped . 
 she was petite , but by no means slight . 
 not one part of her was thin , nor was it fat . 
 she was just ... shapely , down to her perfect ankles . 
 she wore a half-shirt , and tiny shorts , just like i remembered , and she still worked them better than any twenty-year old i 'd ever met . 
 she wore a white plumeria in her hair , as ever . 
 `` we talk every week , auntie . 
 you can hardly say i do n't keep in touch . '' 
 she just smiled at me , but it was a sad smile . 
 `` i know , but it 's not the same . 
 when are you coming back home , lana ? '' 
 i bit my lip , feeling strangely adrift at the question . 
 this was home , but i could n't come back . 
 it hurt to even think about it . 
 `` well , i 'm here for now . 
 i came for business , but i realized that i did n't bring anything appropriate outside of work clothes . '' 
 she just smiled , eyeing me up . 
 `` well , you do look kind of hot in that , but yeah , you need to get your island back on . 
 go say hi to tutu . 
 i 've got you covered , pretty girl . '' 
 i gave her a grateful smile , moving to the door that joined tutu 's cafe with the surf shop . 
 mari stopped me with a word . 
 she rushed to me , putting a plumeria in my hair , just over my ear . 
 i fingered it , smiling . 
 she sighed , as though in great relief , and fingered the identical flower over her own ear . 
 `` much better . 
 go on . '' 
 i stopped at the door , a sudden thought stopping me . 
 `` is akira ... ? '' 
 she just gave me wide eyes . 
 `` last i heard , he was off at some business meeting . '' 
 i sighed in relief . 
 i just was n't prepared to see him yet . 
 i nodded and opened the door . 
 tutu gave me the same treatment , shrieking like a crazy woman and running to me like she was far younger than her years . 
 she had to be in her sixties by now , i knew . 
 i hugged her back tightly . 
 she was a tiny woman , her japanese heritage showing much more strongly in her than her hawaiian half , both in her body and face . 
 she had pale skin , and pitch-black hair . 
 i fingered it , and we touched the flowers in each other 's hair with warm smiles . 
 `` you 're home , '' she breathed . 
 i took a deep breath , because for some strange reason , i wanted to cry . 
 i was brought out of my moment of weakness by a series of framed photos on the wall of the cafe . 
 it was set up as a sort of collage of magazine covers and editorial pictures . 
 i laughed at the thoroughness of it . 
 my short , unimpressive modeling career was pretty well represented on that large expanse of wall . 
 tutu followed my gaze , smiling proudly . 
 `` i tell everyone about how you grew up here . '' 
 i shook my head , a little embarrassed . 
 modeling was something i 'd often said i 'd never do as a young teen . 
 my mother had been an iconic model of the eighties , and i 'd known that , although i took after her looks strongly , i could never match her career . 
 and i had n't . 
 the worst part of it was , as short as my modeling career had been , i 'd still suspected that every job i ever got was because of who my mother was , and not anything to do with my modeling ` talent ' . 
 but the pictures on the wall did look nice enough , i supposed . 
 some of them were high fashion , but even more were bikini shots . 
 i had been a skinny kid , but gotten very voluptuous around the time i 'd also gotten awkwardly tall . 
 it made me much more suited to swimsuit modeling , i had quickly found . 
 a lot of designers absolutely despised boobs . 
 i had only modeled for one memorable year when i was just eighteen , before settling down to get a business degree , and then to work for the family business of owning and running a worldwide hotel chain . 
 but i still got sighted by strangers from the modeling . 
 i supposed i should have been flattered and not so embarrassed about the whole thing . 
 i had apparently left some kind of impression . 
 `` akira has become well-known for threatening anyone who says anything the slightest bit dirty about those bikini pictures . 
 he threw a fit , at first , when i put them up , but i stood firm . 
 i 'm proud of my lana , i told him . 
 her unmatched modeling career will not be forgotten by me , i told him ! '' 
 i had to laugh at her description of my short career . 
 even i did n't dare argue with her about defending me , though . 
 she was a formidable , if tiny , woman . 
 i stroked her hair affectionately . 
 she still had n't let go of me , and i did n't mind . 
 i stiffened as a familiar figure strode through the doors that adjoined the bar to the cafe . 
 tutu patted my back , but finally relinquished her impressively firm hold on me , moving to the woman who had just entered . 
 `` what do you need ? '' 
 she asked the other woman . 
 it was downright rude , for tutu . 
 milena did n't answer her . 
 her shocked gaze was glued to mine . 
 she was a tall woman , a few inches shorter than me , but still tall . 
 she had a trim , toned figure , with large , gravity defying br ** sts that were shown off to perfection in an island half shirt , ` kalua 's bar ' stretched tight over that ample chest . 
 her skin was golden and perfect everywhere . 
 she had a mixed heritage as well , though i did n't know the exact mix . 
 but her genetics were stellar , wherever their origins . 
 her face was pretty , her pouty mouth positively sinful . 
 i had always wanted to be her . 
 she had everything i wanted . 
 i hated her , as i always had . 
 i nodded at her politely . 
 `` milena . 
 long time , no see . '' 
 it was the most civil thing i could manage to say to her . 
 she just huffed , not even trying to return the civility . 
 i really did n't care . 
 i hated her so much that i would have been a little stung if she did n't hate me back , at least a little . 
 she did n't even stay to get whatever she had come for , just leaving with a whispered , `` haole , '' under her breath . 
 the word did n't offend me . 
 being raised on the island , i had heard it often enough , and long ago become immune to the insult . 
 `` she 's still sweet as ever , '' i told tutu with a forced smile . 
 she cackled . 
 `` i still hate her . 
 thank god akira never married the bitch . '' 
 my heart stopped , just stopped , in my chest . 
 i had n't known that . 
 no one had told me . 
 mari and tutu were always so careful not to mention anything akira related anymore . 
 last i had heard , about six years ago they had gotten engaged . 
 i 'd asked them not to mention him anymore , after that . 
 oh , yeah , and i 'd cried for an entire week about it , not even getting out of bed . 
 and when i had gotten out of bed , and become a productive human being again , i 'd still cried myself to sleep at night for at least a month . 
 but i had slowly made myself get over it . 
 akira only ever saw you as a little sister , i had told myself . 
 i was the one who had forced the issue , again and again , until i 'd ruined everything , and been cast out of paradise . 
 to this day , it was still so painful that , even though i loved akira with every fiber of my being , i still could n't have even a friendship with him . 
 i was too weak , and it just hurt so much . 
 tutu smirked , pointing at the collage of my photos . 
 `` milena hates those pictures , if it makes you feel better . 
 she threw a conniption for weeks after i put them up . 
 she would n't even come into the cafe for a long time . 
 i wish to god that had lasted ! '' 
 i had to laugh as she threw a tiny fist into the air to emphasize her point . 
 she was so damn cute , and ferocious , and if you knew her , a little terrifying . 
 `` i missed you , tutu . '' 
 she flashed me a triumphant grin . 
 `` but you 're home now , so no need to miss me anymore . '' 
 i wished so badly that it was true . 
 `` i 'm only visiting for a few days , unfortunately . 
 i have some business at the hotel . 
 after that , i might stay a few days , but then i need to go back to the mainland . '' 
 she clucked her tongue , wrinkling the cutest nose in the world at me . 
 `` you work too much . 
 do n't be like your father , working your life away . 
 you 're rich . 
 you can live anywhere you want . 
 no one is living in your old family house , so move back in . 
 see how easy it is ? 
 i just solved all of your problems . 
 you 're welcome . 
 now sit down . 
 i 'm feeding you . 
 you do n't need to keep model-skinny anymore , so why are you ? '' 
 i could n't help it ; i just obeyed her , laughing . 
 when tutu said eat , you ate . 
 that was how things worked around here . 
 mari joined me just as tutu brought the food out . 
 i saw that it was enough food to feed all three of us , with all of our favorites . 
 mari and tutu ate the spam musubi , and i ate the fried pork and rice . 
 i scarfed it down in a hurry , making both women comment worriedly that i really was starving on the mainland . 
 tutu tried to get me seconds , until i insisted i was too stuffed . 
 we sat and talked for hours , until the cafe started to pick up for the dinner crowd . 
 both women had staff to work both of their shops , but it was unnatural for either of them not to help when work needed to be done , so work they did . 
 i knew i needed to get back to my own work , but i still sat there for a while , drinking tea , and just feeling so at home . 
 this was why i never visited . 
 it was so hard to tear myself away . 
 chapter two mari brought me a bag stuffed full of island wear . 
 i tried to give her my debit card to pay , but she would n't hear of it . 
 we had a somewhat heated argument about it , before i finally caved . 
 `` fine , but you will agree to a spa day at my hotel , my treat . 
 tutu has to come , too . '' 
 mari beamed at me . 
 `` oh , yes ! 
 we 'll make a girls ' day of it . '' 
 i felt positively warmed by the thought . 
 hours basking in their company . 
 i could n't wait . 
 `` i 'll arrange it . 
 what 're your days off ? '' 
 she wrinkled her nose at me . 
 `` i 'm the boss , pretty girl . 
 whenever i want , is my day off . 
 you make the appointment , and we will be there . '' 
 i grinned , the happiest i 'd been in ... i could n't even remember . 
 probably since i 'd left the island , i mused . 
 well , since a little before that ... `` i need a ride back to the hotel , '' i told mari sheepishly . 
 it was just too far to walk in four inch heels , and i 'd already wasted too much time . 
 she fished her keys out , tossing them to me . 
 i caught them awkwardly , with the overstuffed shopping bag in one hand , my large red handbag in the other . 
 `` it 's the lexus in the back lot . 
 auntie 's been doing all right for herself , eh ? '' 
 i blinked at the keys . 
 `` yes . 
 in every way . 
 i 'll have someone return it right away , thank you . '' 
 she just smiled and nodded , waving goodbye . 
 i left on heavy feet , though i had to grin as i looked down at the bag of goodies she had given me . 
 the bag was so stuffed that some tiny bikini bottoms were in imminent danger of falling out . 
 i was walking through the back parking lot , staring down at them , debating whether they would stay in the bag until i made it to the car , when i ran smack into what felt like a solid brick wall . 
 the sudden contact knocked the air out of my lungs , and my hands just let go of everything i 'd been holding in a spectacular arch , straight up in the air . 
 i fell back with the motion , and would have fallen straight back , if huge , hard arms , had n't caught me . 
 the hands put me back on my feet even before my eyes could travel all the way up into painfully familiar , warm brown eyes . 
 those eyes were as shocked as my own . 
 i took a big step back , just studying the man i had n't seen in over eight years . 
 he was as gorgeous as ever , maybe even more so . 
 his hair pulled back in an almost harsh style that brought out the hard , flawless lines of his face . 
 akira looked much like his sister , my dear mari , but there was n't a pretty thing about him . 
 his mouth was full , true , but it had a tendency to look mean . 
 he had a tendency to look mean . 
 he always had , with his quintessentially hawaiian features , and his massive , starkly muscular physique . 
 he towered over me , and it made my stomach flutter , as it always had . 
 he wore a devastating three piece suit , and i could n't help it , i eyed him top to bottom , taking in every delectable detail of his tall , muscular length . 
 he was a shrewd businessman at heart , but he had the look of a heavyweight boxer or a fit pro-wrestler , with his massive size . 
 and i knew it was all muscle under his clothes . 
 there was n't an ounce of fat on his perfect body . 
 i was proud to see that i recovered more swiftly than he did at our chance meeting . 
 he still just stared at me , total shock showing on his hard face . 
 i bent down , and began to pick up my scattered bag of goodies . 
 `` lana ? '' 
 he spoke finally , his voice hoarse . 
 i straightened , smiling at him . 
 it was my best , falsely bright smile . 
 `` akira . '' 
 his arms raised , as though to embrace me , but dropped , probably at the shocked look on my face . 
 i had n't expected him to ever want to touch me again , for any reason . 
 impulsively , i walked to him , throwing my arms around his neck for a hug . 
 he wrapped strong arms around me instantly , and i closed my eyes , burrowing into his chest as though i were still a child . 
 this felt like home . 
 home was a lie , i knew . 
 but i let myself live the lie , for a few minutes , at least . 
 i breathed him in . 
 he smelled divine , like the ocean , and the island , and himself . 
 the best smell in the world . 
 i felt him stroking my hair , his cheek pressed to the top of my head . 
 i do n't think either of us had a clue what to say , so we stood like that for long minutes , just comforting each other . 
 `` how are you ? '' 
 he finally asked . 
 mortifyingly , the question brought tears to my eyes . 
 adrift , i thought . 
 i 'm just adrift , banned from my home , and utterly rejected by the only man i 'll ever love . 
 i wanted to hate him for it , but i just could n't . 
 i had only ever known how to love him . 
 whole-heartedly . 
 too much so . 
 i swallowed hard , finally answering the innocent question . 
 `` busy . 
 busy with work , as usual . 
 how are you ? '' 
 i finally pulled out of his arms , my tears mercifully dried . 
 i looked up into his eyes . 
 they were troubled . 
 `` the same , i guess . 
 all of the businesses are prospering , so things are good . 
 i did n't know you were in town . 
 how long have you been here ? '' 
 `` i got in this afternoon . 
 i just finished visiting with tutu and auntie . '' 
 as i spoke , akira bent down , gathering up my things . 
 i blushed when he handled some rogue lingerie . 
 it was a tiny scrap of nothing that had nothing to do with island wear . 
 i had no idea why mari had added it to the bag . 
 he paused when he saw it , then hurriedly shoved it into the bag . 
 i did n't bend down to help him , strangely transfixed as he handled several of my new , tiny bikinis . 
 it made my face flush , and my skin heat . 
 his hands were so big , and the bikinis were so tiny . 
 and i remembered those hands . 
 those wonderful , talented , perfect hands ... `` it looks like you 're planning a trip to the beach . '' 
 he grinned up at me . 
 `` let me know if you want company . 
 we could go to the old spot and try to catch some waves . '' 
 i agreed before i could wise up and turn him down . 
 `` okay . '' 
 he straightened , handing me my purse , but carrying the over-stuffed bag for me . 
 `` we could go right now , if you 're up for it . 
 i just finished up for the day . '' 
 i knew i should say no , to preserve a little of my sanity , but i just could n't do it . 
 `` sounds great . 
 i just need to change into one of those bikinis . '' 
 he was eyeing the keys in my hand , his brow furrowed . 
 `` auntie loaned me her car . 
 i was going to have one of the hotel drivers bring it back for me , '' i explained . 
 he led me to a dark suv instead , opening the passenger door for me , and putting my bag in the back . 
 he turned on the car , cool air rushing out of the a/c vents immediately . 
 i sat in the seat , and he came back to my door , crowding me a little . 
 `` i 'll go return her keys , since i can drive you . '' 
 he touched the flower in my hair lightly , his eyes intense . 
 `` be right back . '' 
 he was gone for maybe a minute before i realized that i could just change while he was gone . 
 i had changed into my swimsuit in his car countless times . 
 why should it be any different now ? 
 i climbed into the back seat , sliding out of my stilettos and then my tight skirt . 
 i grabbed the first matching bikini pieces that i saw , slipping on the bottom before taking off my top . 
 because i was trying to hurry , my fingers fumbled with every button of my blouse . 
 i unsnapped my front-clasping bra , shrugging out of it . 
 i realized , only after i was topless , that the bikini top was a tangled mess . 
 i was still untangling the thing when akira opened the driver 's seat door . 
 he froze , just froze , staring at my nak * d br ** sts . 
 they were heaving in agitation , my n ** ples hard from the car 's blasting a/c . 
 i grimaced at him . 
 `` sorry . 
 i thought i 'd save us a trip and get my swimsuit on now , '' i said , expecting him to close his door and wait outside , to give me privacy . 
 the windows were tinted dark enough that they did actually conceal most of the interior of the car . 
 but he did n't close the door . 
 instead , he sat , buckling his seat belt . 
 and then he did something that absolutely stunned me . 
 he reached up one of his big , dark hands , and adjusted his rearview mirror , blatantly watching me . 
 it froze me in my tracks , and i was too surprised to move for long moments , my br ** sts quivering as my breaths grew jerky and uneven . 
 finally , i bent back down to the stubborn bikini top , working on untangling the strings . 
 but i could n't focus on the task for more than a few seconds , my eyes flying back to akira 's as he watched me in the mirror , his heavy-lidded eyes very obviously on my br ** sts . 
 i arched my back , showing them off to better advantage . 
 i had been a professional poser at one time , i told myself , so why not use it to my benefit ? 
 his jaw went a little slack , and i felt myself growing wet . 
 to affect him like that , to make him want me , was the biggest turn on in the world to me . 
 i had been kneeling on the seat to change , but i shifted my position , facing him , on my knees now on the seat . 
 i leaned back , letting my arms rest along the seat , the movement thrusting my br ** sts forward provocatively . 
 he sucked in a harsh breath , but did n't look away , did n't speak . 
 i cupped both of my br ** sts in my hands , kneading them . 
 they overflowed in my hands , and i pushed them together , stroking them up until my n ** ples just peeked out between my fingers . 
 i pinched them , and akira 's head fell back against his headrest , his breathing audibly heavy now . 
 still , we did n't speak . 
 and he never took his eyes off me . 
 i further surprised the both of us when i ran one hand lower , down my taut stomach , and between my legs . 
 i parted my knees on the seat , giving him a perfect view as i plunged a hand into my bikini bottoms and fingered myself . 
 `` untie them , '' akira said , his voice sounding rusty . 
 `` please . 
 i want to see what your fingers are doing . '' 
 i pulled the little bows on each side of the string bikini , baring myself with a few simple motions . 
 he groaned , and that made me weak . 
 to affect him like that . 
 it was all i had ever wanted . 
 i ran my fingers over my sex , showing myself to him very clearly . 
 i stroked my clitoris , then thrust a finger inside of my sex . 
 abruptly , he closed his eyes , cursing . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , lana . 
 please , just get dressed . 
 i was out of line . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 and just like that , all of my hopes were dashed , and i just felt dirty and ugly , and inevitably , unwanted . 
 i grabbed a different bikini , this one skin-toned , but not tangled . 
 i put it on hurriedly , stepping out of the car , and into the front seat . 
 i could n't even look at him . 
 `` i 'm dressed . 
 are we still going to the beach , or would you prefer to just drop me off ? '' 
 i asked , my voice weak . 
 i knew akira had finally opened his eyes because he suddenly began to curse . 
 `` jesus , lana , you look nak * d in that suit . 
 that thing is indecent . '' 
 i glanced down at it , surprised by his words . 
 the bikini was scant and skin-colored , but hardly indecent . 
 i realized that he probably just did n't want to see so much of my skin , especially after my sordid little peep show . 
 he 'd obviously seen enough . 
 i felt my lip quiver at the realization . 
 `` sorry . 
 i 'll put a shirt on , and you can just drop me off at the hotel , '' i said in the most even tone i could manage , opening the door to get my things . 
 he stopped me by grabbing my wrist in his hard grip , pulling me back into the car . 
 chapter three `` i 'm sorry . 
 that came out all wrong . 
 the suit is fine . 
 let 's just go to the beach , k ? '' 
 his voice was oh so gentle , and i realized that he must have seen my lip quiver at his rejection . 
 i looked firmly out the window . 
 i doubted i could ever look him in the eye again . 
 `` you do n't have to , '' i said . 
 i knew i sounded like a sullen child . 
 he made a little noise of sympathy in his throat , stroking my hair . 
 `` oh , lana , '' he whispered . 
 `` i only ever seem to hurt you , no matter what i do . 
 i want to take you to the beach . 
 so let 's go , k ? '' 
 he spoke to me like i was a child with fragile feelings , and i was so pathetic that i soaked it up , knowing very acutely that even scraps were better than nothing . 
 `` k. '' he patted the top of my head . 
 it was a ` good girl ' pat , but i did n't protest . 
 `` do you mind if i stop by my place to change real quick ? 
 i do n't have anything in the car , if you can believe it . 
 oh , and we need surfboards , of course . '' 
 `` oh , yeah , surfboards , '' i said absently , just looking out the window , trying to keep my mind blank so i would n't do something stupid , like cry in front of him . 
 the house he pulled up to was drastically different from the last time i had seen it . 
 it looked like it was a completely different house now , all modern architecture and sleek , reflective windows . 
 and it was noticeably bigger . 
 `` you expanded , huh ? '' 
 i felt him studying me , but i still did n't look at him . 
 `` yes . 
 i 've made quite a few changes , over the years . 
 come on in . '' 
 he got out of the car as he spoke , coming around to my side and opening my door . 
 i got out , looking at anything but him . 
 he gripped my arm just above the elbow , pulling me firmly to his front door , then ushering me in . 
 `` i 'll be quick . 
 make yourself at home , '' he said , stroking a hand down my hair , then disappearing up the stairs . 
 i walked through the main floor slowly , taking in all of the changes rather numbly . 
 it had turned from a somewhat rundown beach house into an ultra-modern , sunlit infused haven . 
 the color scheme was simple , with lots of white and pale gray and a few touches of bright color . 
 a bright yellow vase on the mantle , and a colorful painting in the living area , just splashes of color here and there , all of the neutral bringing that color out more vividly . 
 the whole space was open now , with only glass walls . 
 but the windows were the most spectacular change , lining the walls now , letting in the light , for clear , clean views of the beach . 
 apparently , business had been good for akira . 
 i was glad . 
 akira changed quickly , joining me near the window as i gazed at the ocean . 
 he walked up behind me , and i still did n't look at him . 
 he tugged on a lock of my hair gently . 
 `` hey . 
 will you at least look at me ? '' 
 i finally did , and was immediately sorry . 
 he wore only a pair of black board shorts , of course . 
 i could see the many thick black tattoos that dotted the front of his muscular shoulders . 
 the tribal patterns traced down to his mid back , i knew . 
 i loved those tattoos . 
 his abs were as washboard hard as ever . 
 i tried not to drool as i took in his perfect nak * d torso . 
 i finally tore my eyes away from his golden skin to look into his troubled gaze . 
 `` your house looks amazing , '' i told him . 
 he just nodded , studying my face . 
 `` i 've upset you . 
 how can i make it better ? '' 
 he asked , his voice so serious and quiet . 
 i felt my face crumple , and he enfolded me in his arms . 
 i buried my face in his chest , in the spot right between his muscular pectorals . 
 i pressed my body full against him , wanting to stay wrapped in those arms forever . 
 this was why i could never come back here . 
 my feelings had n't dimmed with time ; they 'd merely been pushed back into a dark corner of my heart , ignored , as i was deprived of his intoxicating presence . 
 but to him , to him , i was only a burden . 
 a family friend with an inconvenient infatuation , i recalled , was how he 'd phrased it . 
 those had been his words to milena at the time . 
 and that had been the day after i 'd seduced him . 
 `` i do n't know what 's wrong with me , '' i said against his chest , not willing to pull away , even to speak . 
 he made that sympathetic little humming noise in his throat , kissing the top of my head softly . 
 `` it 's me . 
 i 'm a bastard . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 and you 're probably tired from the flight . 
 wan na take a nap ? 
 we can try the beach later , or even on another day . '' 
 i made a sound of protest . 
 `` i leave in two days . '' 
 i felt his chest expand on a deep breath . 
 `` wow . 
 i was hoping you 'd stay a bit longer . 
 that 's so short , after all of those years away . 
 do n't you miss it here , just a little ? '' 
 i wanted to sob like a baby . 
 i wanted to hit him . 
 it was such a cruel question , coming from him . 
 but i just stayed flush against him as tears ran down my cheeks in an embarrassing flood . 
 his chest rumbled in distress as he felt my tears streaming down my face and then his chest . 
 `` oh , baby , how you must hate me . '' 
 i sobbed at that , because i did n't . 
 because i could n't . 
 he picked me up , cradling me like the baby i was . 
 he kissed my forehead as he carried me upstairs . 
 my eyes were closed when he laid me on his bed . 
 i would n't let go of him when he tried to straighten . 
 he laughed , a sweet little rumble against my cheek . 
 `` is there a reason that you 're hanging onto me like a monkey ? '' 
 he asked , amused . 
 `` can you stay with me , for just a minute ? '' 
 he made a soothing sound as he lay down beside me . 
 i tried to cuddle closer , but saw that he 'd put a pillow between our lower regions . 
 i shrank back , my shoulders hunched . 
 he was wary even to touch me . 
 and he should have been . 
 i was an infatuated fool , just like he 'd said . 
 i turned away from him , burying my face in his pillow . 
 it smelled like him ; i wanted to take it home . 
 he threw an arm around me from behind , pulling my back against his chest , and my butt against the ... pillow . 
 he spoke against my ear . 
 `` we all missed you , you know . 
 it has n't been the same without you . 
 not even close . '' 
 `` i thought you hated me , '' i said quietly , holding my breath to hear his answer . 
 he cursed , but stroked my hair , as though to soften the cursing . 
 `` never , lana . 
 never . 
 i was afraid of that . 
 am i the reason you 've stayed away for so long ? '' 
 i did n't answer , and he squeezed me tighter . 
 `` you 're right , i just need a nap . 
 i 'm out of my mind tired . 
 i 'm not usually like this , i swear . '' 
 he sighed against me . 
 `` you take a nap . 
 i 'll make us some dinner , k ? '' 
 i did n't answer , just burrowed more deeply into his divinely smelling bed . 
 he kissed the top of my head before leaving me . 
 he did n't hate me , i thought , as i drifted off to sleep . 
 it was something . 
 i was wrapped in akira 's arms again when i awoke . 
 there was no pillow now . 
 my leg was hiked up high on his hip , our chests rubbing together with every breath . 
 i glanced at his face . 
 still asleep . 
 i moved against him very slightly , and found that not all of him was asleep . 
 i moved again , and moaned . 
 his erection was so hard and thick , straining at his shorts in a glorious display . 
 i knew he was only responding to me because he was asleep , but it did n't seem to matter . 
 i began to rub against him , panting as our chests rubbed together , and his hard c * ck rubbed against my sex . 
 his hand caressed my hip , pulling me closer as he grunted in his sleep , eyes still closed . 
 my tiny bikini suddenly felt so oppressive , and i untied the top impatiently , rubbing my n ** ples against his chest . 
 the hand on my hip moved up , kneading at the pliant flesh . 
 i turned onto my back to give him better access . 
 he stroked my full , sensitive br ** sts until i squirmed . 
 i untied my bikini bottoms , guiding his hand lower , putting his fingers right on my sex . 
 his talented fingers took over from there , rubbing and stroking until i was panting . 
 i glanced at his face . 
 his eyes were still closed , but his face was flushed , his breath harsh . 
 `` mmm , lana , '' he murmured , his fingers plunging inside of me . 
 his erection was pressed against my hip now , and i touched him , stroking him roughly over his shorts . 
 `` milena , '' he said , his voice sounding irritated . 
 but still , the sound of her name on his lips froze me in my tracks . 
 i tugged his busy hand out of me , extricating myself from him with regret . 
 he did n't know what he was doing , and i had very nearly taken advantage of that fact . 
 i curled into a ball , shrinking away from him . 
 i felt him wake with a start a moment later . 
 he hugged me from behind again , as though nothing had happened , and began to relax back into sleep . 
 he felt along my hip , and then , very lightly , felt the spot on my back , where my bikini should be tied . 
 he cursed , and i felt him begin to search for the missing scraps of material . 
 i rolled onto my back , throwing an arm over my eyes . 
 he sucked in a breath as he looked at me . 
 he shook my shoulder lightly . 
 i parted my legs slightly , arching my back a little to give him a better view , my arm still covering my eyes stubbornly . 
 i felt him freeze , and i knew that he was staring at me . 
 he did n't move for so long that i shifted again , parting my legs farther apart , wanting to see what he would do . 
 could he see how wet i was ? 
 the room was far from dark . 
 from the light streaming in the window , i would have guessed that it was late afternoon . 
 i felt akira move off the bed , and heard the sound of rustling clothing , then the unmistakable sound of flesh slapping against flesh . 
 he would rather jerk himself off than touch me , i thought , shocked and furious at the thought . 
 i lifted my arm from my eyes , unable to keep from looking . 
 he was standing at the edge of the bed , gloriously nak * d , and gripping his huge erection in both hands . 
 his jaw was clenched , his nostrils flared . 
 he released himself as our eyes met , swallowing hard . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said quietly . 
 it was his favorite phrase lately . 
 i hated it . 
 i ran my hands down my body , and his eyes followed them hungrily . 
 `` is it really so hard for you to touch me ? '' 
 i asked him quietly . 
 he sighed , moving closer to me slowly , as though afraid to scare me . 
 `` you were asleep , and nak * d. i must have stripped you in your sleep . 
 that was so out of line of me , i kno - '' his sentence broke off as i began to touch my sex , angling my body to give him a hell of a view . 
 his fists clenched , but he crawled a little closer , watching my hands work . 
 `` do you think you might have a vibrator , or maybe even a cock , that i could borrow ? '' 
 i asked him archly when he just continued to watch me . 
 his eyes flew to mine , and they were almost panicked . 
 `` are you sure ? 
 i do n't want to take advantage of you . 
 again . '' 
 i wanted to scream , he was so exasperating . 
 `` i was eighteen , akira , fully legal . 
 quit acting like you were a predator . 
 i seduced you , if you recall . '' 
 he gave me a stern look . 
 `` i 'm ten years older , and you were barely legal , and a virgin . 
 and your father trusted me to look after you , not to violate you . 
 it was a bastard thing to do . '' 
 i writhed on the bed , stroking myself shamelessly when i spoke . 
 `` i 'm twenty-six now . 
 can we get over it already ? '' 
 i wanted him to crawl on top of me and bury himself deep , f ** king me hard enough to make me forget that it was a pity fuck . 
 he did n't do that . 
 instead , he grabbed my hand , bringing my wet fingers to his mouth , and sucking them clean . 
 my jaw went slack . 
 it was the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen in my life , his eyes closing in pleasure as he tasted me . 
 he released my limp hand , then gripped my legs open , and buried his face there . 
 he began to suck and lick and stroke , working me hard with his tongue and teeth before he started on me with thick fingers . 
 a sound tore from my throat , my fingers and hands rubbing again and again over his thick hair . 
 i clutched him to me , saying his name , again and again , as he brought me to cli ** x. chapter four he perched his chin on my stomach , just above my pelvic bone , watching me come back down from the blissful orgasm . 
 his eyes were gentle as he studied me . 
 `` i could do that to you all day . 
 again ? '' 
 i fought the sudden childish urge to yank his hair out . 
 `` i 'm on the pill , and i 'm quite clean . 
 are you so repelled at the thought of just f ** king me ? '' 
 i asked him , deliberately crude and goading . 
 it was a new tactic , so maybe it would work . 
 he rose onto his elbows , giving me that stern , older brother look that he was so fond of . 
 but he was still hard and quivering as he knelt on his knees between my open thighs . 
 he opened my legs wider as he knelt there , staring down at me . 
 `` i just want to be sure that this is what you want . 
 i do n't want to take ad - '' i interrupted that infuriating phrase of his by sitting up , gripping his hard c * ck in my hand . 
 i stroked him hard , rolling until i could kneel down far enough to take him in my mouth . 
 i sucked on him desperately , as though my life depended on it . 
 he tried to pull me away by the hair , but i was determined . 
 he was moaning roughly , calling my name rather urgently , but i just kept stroking him firmly with my hand and working on him with my mouth . 
 `` baby , get on your back . 
 i 'm going to f ** k you . 
 get on your f ** king back , '' he nearly shouted . 
 it got my attention , and i fell back . 
 he followed me down , pinning me roughly and thrusting into me with one smooth motion . 
 i wanted to cry , it felt so good . 
 he began to move , his strokes long and slow . 
 his dark eyes looked into mine with an intensity that i could n't ignore . 
 `` you have the most amazing eyes in the world , lana . 
 i think i 've missed those eyes the most . '' 
 my eyes were a deep blue that , depending on the lighting , looked almost violet . 
 `` you were this perfect , enchantingly beautiful girl that made the world brighter just by being in it , and you were ours . 
 i ca n't tell you how sorry i am that i drove you away . '' 
 as he finished speaking , he bent down to kiss me , his strokes getting faster , and harder . 
 i moaned into his mouth , and he stroked a tongue into mine . 
 i gave it a little bite , and he groaned , one of his hands pulling my thighs higher , and wider , and ramming into me , harder and harder . 
 he pulled his mouth free , watching me intently as he snaked a hand down my body , rubbing my cl * t as he rode me . 
 i came , and he followed me , shouting my name , every muscle in his body straining as he buried himself to the hilt , rubbing his orgasm out inside of me with sexy little thrusts that went on and on . 
 he rolled onto his back , throwing an arm over his eyes when he 'd recovered . 
 `` fuck , '' he cursed . 
 i sat up , worried . 
 did he regret it , already ? 
 could n't i at least get one night of pleasure before it all came crashing down again ? 
 i stood and walked , nak * d , to the window . 
 it was huge , with a perfect view of the ocean . 
 i leaned my head against it . 
 `` you are gon na give some lucky bastards quite the show if you plaster your body to the window like that . '' 
 i glanced back at him , pressing a breast very deliberately against the glass . 
 `` oops , '' i said , batting my eyelashes at him in a mock innocent pose . 
 the beach was empty at the moment , so i was n't worried about it . 
 he gave me an exasperated look . 
 `` you are as sassy as ever . 
 some things never change . '' 
 i arched my back , wiggling my bum at him , just a little bit . 
 `` do you need to spank me ? '' 
 i watched , in frozen fascination , as his semi-hard c * ck came to full attention again . 
 he groaned , as though it were the most bothersome thing in the world . 
 it was n't bothersome to me . 
 i leaned against the window , arching my back and parting my legs . 
 i lay my cheek against the glass as i sent him what i hoped was a sultry look . 
 `` we already had sex . 
 why stop at once ? 
 the damage is done , right ? '' 
 he was striding to me before i 'd finished taunting him . 
 he grabbed my h * ps from behind , pressing hard against me , and working himself in , inch by hard inch . 
 he went slowly at first , making sure that i could take all of him at that angle . 
 after he 'd cleared my passage twice , he began a pounding rhythm that had me making desperate little sounds in my throat . 
 my cli ** x built fast . 
 he grabbed my br ** sts , squeezing and kneading at them . 
 `` i 've jerked myself off to your pictures more times than i can count , '' he whispered into my ear . 
 that did it . 
 i came , gasping out his name . 
 he jerked into me a half a dozen more times before he reached his own cli ** x , clutching at my br ** sts and biting my neck almost roughly . 
 i loved the rawness of it . 
 he pulled me into bed with him after that , cuddling against me . 
 i had n't forgotten how sweet he could be . 
 the memories still haunted me . 
 often . 
 `` did you really masturbate to my pictures , or were you just saying that ? '' 
 i asked him , looking up to see his eyes . 
 he looked down at me , where i cuddled in my little spot on his chest , his expression baffled . 
 `` why the hell would i just say that ? 
 it 's perverted and nasty , not to mention embarrassing . 
 i felt like i needed to get it off my chest . 
 and it 's not ` did ' , it 's ` do ' . 
 when i jerk off to a picture , i guarantee it 's yours . '' 
 i laughed , loving the disgruntled look on his face . 
 `` prove it . 
 i have n't modeled in years . 
 where would you even get my picture ? '' 
 he gave me a pointed look , pushing me gently from his chest . 
 he rolled to the side of the bed , reaching underneath it to pull out a rather beat-up issue of sports illustrated . 
 sure enough , i was on the cover . 
 `` exhibit a , '' he muttered . 
 it was the most high profile modeling job i 'd ever done , my fifteen minutes of fame , posing in a tiny yellow bikini and straddling a surfboard on the coveted cover spot . 
 i 'd walked away from the business after that job , feeling a strange but overwhelming need , at the time , to reconnect with my family , and the family business . 
 modeling just had n't been for me , and i 'd burned out on it quickly . 
 i smiled at akira . 
 `` you know i do n't mind . 
 you can use my pictures in any filthy way you want to , you pervert . '' 
 he flushed , and i laughed . 
 i enjoyed tormenting him . 
 i always had . 
 for years and years , it had been my favorite hobby . 
 `` it drives me crazy sometimes , thinking about how many other men are doing exactly the same thing . '' 
 i just shrugged , not really concerned about anyone else so much as him . 
 he had always been the only one i cared about , the only one i saw or concerned myself with . 
 it was the joke of my pathetic life that he did n't feel even remotely the same way about me . 
 `` what else ? 
 is there an exhibit b ? 
 what other pictures do you have of me that you like to do filthy things to ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he glared , but walked to his computer . 
 `` observe . 
 exhibit b. see my browsing history ? '' 
 he clicked on it , and another bikini shot of me popped up . 
 this one was more scandalous . 
 it had been taken when i was surfing , some discarded shot from a photo shoot , maybe . 
 but someone had leaked it . 
 i was straddling the surfboard , looking intently at the waves , one of my n ** ples showing clearly due to a wardrobe malfunction . 
 i laughed . 
 i had n't even known that was out there . 
 `` i 've never seen that one . '' 
 `` i made the mistake of reading the comments under it once . 
 it was the angriest jerk-off session of my life . '' 
 i laughed , feeling positively giddy at the thought of him wanting me that much , enough to search me online to see a picture of me . 
 we were both still nak * d. neither of us had even thought to cover up as we looked at the computer . 
 he sat in his computer chair , just staring at me , dumbstruck . 
 his gaze ran up and down my body hungrily , but he was still so hesitant to touch me . 
 my hands skimmed along my nak * d torso . 
 `` which do you prefer , the photo-shopped pictures , or the real thing ? '' 
 i asked , cupping my br ** sts as i finished . 
 he swallowed hard , looking up into my eyes . 
 `` it 's like you have no clue how far out of my league you are . 
 guys like me do n't get girls like you . 
 you know that , right ? 
 you 're a filthy rich supermodel , who also happens to be the daughter of my mentor , the man i respect more than anyone else in the world . 
 i 've never even met my own father ; i 've had my share of run-ins with the law , on several occasions , in fact , when i was a stupid , violent teenager . 
 i still struggle to keep my fists to myself with the wrong provocation . 
 i almost punched a guy in the bar just last week for talking about those damned pictures my mom wo n't take down . 
 i 'm not good enough for you . '' 
 i just listened to him as he dissed himself , wanting to punch him , but wanting to hear where he was going with his tirade even more . 
 i sat on his lap , or rather , i straddled him , nak * d . 
 it was a mistake . 
 he closed up like a clam after that , looking at my body , his eyes so hungry and tender . 
 it undid me , such a harsh looking man with such tender eyes for me . 
 when i was certain he did n't have any more to say , i leaned in and began to kiss him , a hungry , passionate kiss . 
 i wrapped my arms around his neck , rubbing against him like a cat . 
 i assumed he could n't go for another round , but i just wanted that raw , nak * d contact with him . 
 i was more than delighted when i felt him growing hard again against me . 
 i shifted against him , instinctively trying to impale myself on the stiffening length . 
 he pulled back with a rough groan . 
 `` i 'm not f ** king you again until i 've at least fed you . 
 i 'll feel like a complete jerk if you pass out from hunger . '' 
 `` after , '' i murmured , rubbing against him . 
 he let me , watching me as though mesmerized . 
 `` just pretend i 'm a picture of me , and that my vag ** a is your hand . '' 
 he spanked my ass hard for that one . 
 he even threw me over his shoulder , standing and striding from the room as he did so . 
 i loved that he was so big that it was no effort for him to carry me around like that . 
 `` fine , fine , '' i said between giggles . 
 `` my mouth can be your hand . '' 
 he swatted me several more times as he carried me down the stairs . 
 he tossed me onto his soft , white leather sofa , and i saw that he was grinning . 
 that smile was all it took to flood me with the years of memories that had made me fall so helplessly for him . 
 memories of this hard , mean-looking man who did n't have a soft bone in his hard-muscled body , but who could always muster up the softest , sweetest smile , reserved just for me . 
 i had been a willful , spoiled , stubborn child , dogging his every step , insisting that he take me to the beach during his precious free time . 
 he had patiently taught me to surf , spending countless hours in the ocean with me as i learned . 
 it had been a slow process . 
 i had n't been a quick learner at all , but i had been determined . 
 and if anyone so much as looked wrong at the little white girl who could n't surf for shit , but still took up a precious spot at one of the best surf spots , akira was more than happy to set them straight . 
 he had been scary when he got protective . 
 he was always ready for a fight . 
 but i had never been scared . 
 i had adored that he was only a softy for me . 
 no one else could make his eyes go soft like i could , and i had been paying attention . 
 even his long-time , on-again off-again girlfriend did n't get the tender looks that he bestowed on me . 
 and when i would finally catch on , picking up whatever thing i got into my head that week for him to teach me , he would pat me on the head , give me that smile that i craved , and say softly , `` good job , lana . 
 i 'm so proud of you . '' 
 my mind swung back to the present when he spoke , walking into his kitchen . 
 `` it 's nice to have the old , infuriating lana back . 
 i missed my little giggling vixen . 
 do n't move . 
 we can eat right here . '' 
 i scrambled up , disregarding his order completely . 
 `` um , eat on a white sofa ? 
 are you crazy ? 
 and i 'm filthy . 
 you really should n't set me on anything clean right now . '' 
 i followed him into the kitchen , pressing against his back as he dug through the fridge . 
 `` i 'm so full of your cum right now that it 's dripping down my leg , '' i whispered in his ear , wanting to get a reaction . 
 i got one . 
 he had me on my back on his table between one breath and the next . 
 he was spreading my legs , studying me for evidence of what i 'd said . 
 it was there . 
 `` one more time , '' he told me , his voice a sexy rasp . 
 `` then we eat , and shower . '' 
 `` yes , '' i gasped . 
 he put my ankles on his shoulders and plunged in with a groan , working in and out of me very slowly at first , testing my soreness with a few concerned questions . 
 he was rubbing my cl * t as he asked them , and i sent him a passion-infused glare . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i told him , and he thrust much harder . 
 `` more than fine . 
 i 'm getting my brains f ** ked out by the hottest man on the planet . '' 
 he liked that assessment , his breath getting faster , his thrusts harder and heavier as he got closer to his cli ** x . 
 he rubbed a finger on my cl * t almost frantically , trying to catch me up to him . 
 i was there the whole time , coming when he did , watching his warm brown eyes the entire time . 
 he did n't move after we 'd finished , just stayed buried deep , smiling down at me . 
 he stroked a hand along my torso , caressing softly . 
 `` you feel so good , lana . 
 fuck , you 're as tight as you were when i took your virginity . 
 fucking unbelievable . '' 
 `` you 're just so big , i 'm not sure you could tell the difference , '' i told him . 
 he squeezed my breast hard for that one . 
 `` i love having you inside of me , love your hands on me . 
 you jerk off to my picture ? 
 i get off to the memory of our first time together . '' 
 `` well , well , well , is n't that cute ? '' 
 milena drawled from the open front door . 
 no other voice in the world could have been more unwelcome in that moment . 
 chapter five we were clearly visible from her vantage point , in about the most vulnerable position imaginable . 
 she glared at akira , but when she swung her hate-filled eyes to me , i knew that i was the real object of her fury . 
 `` i always knew it , '' she screeched . 
 `` you lying a ** hole ! 
 i always knew that you 'd slept with her . '' 
 she pointed a finger at me . 
 `` i 'm going to mess up your face , you stupid whore . 
 i 'm going to put your skinny ass in the hospital for this . '' 
 akira had to slip out of me noisily to walk to the deranged woman . 
 `` you need to calm the f ** k down , milena . 
 lana , please get dressed and wait outside . 
 your clothes are by the door . '' 
 i did as he said , the entire situation suddenly coming into focus for me . 
 i grabbed the first island dress i saw , shrugging into it , grabbed my handbag , and rushed out the front door . 
 i did n't wait outside , though . 
 i just started walking , in no direction in particular , my mind racing . 
 oh , god , are those two still together ? 
 i felt ill at the thought . 
 but he 'd gone to comfort her and just kicked me out , like i was trash . 
 or the other woman , whom his girlfriend had just caught him f ** king . 
 i barely made it to some nearby bushes before i emptied out the contents of my stomach , the thought made me so sick . 
 i had just assumed , because the engagement had been called off , that they were n't together anymore . 
 but she apparently had a key to his house , and he 'd so obviously been distressed that she 'd found us together . 
 i 'd seen his face . 
 it had been downright panicked as he 'd told me to wait outside . 
 i wandered off the small road , walking rather aimlessly , pointed towards the beach . 
 how many times and how many ways , could my heart be broken by that man ? 
 he just did n't feel for me the way i felt for him , and he never would . 
 it did n't work that way , i knew . 
 i had tried to be interested in other men after i 'd left for the mainland . 
 in college , and even in my short modeling career , i had dated , even tried to hook up , but i was n't interested in other men . 
 it just was n't in me to love or even want anyone that was n't akira . 
 i could n't force myself to have those kinds of feelings , just like he could n't force himself to love me the way i longed for . 
 it was a hard lesson that i 'd thought i 'd learned years ago . 
 yet here i was again , heartbroken as though i 'd let myself hope again for his unattainable love . 
 and there was always milena , somewhere in the picture . 
 she must be the one that he adored , the only one he could really see . 
 i could understand that kind of devotion , but that did n't make it hurt any less . 
 it hurt more , to be the seductress who had tempted him so shamelessly from the one he obviously loved . 
 i hated that the most , that i might be the other woman . 
 i did n't want to be that , not ever , not even for akira . 
 i had been walking in the general direction of the beach , through a rough field , when i tripped-in a hole , i noted , dazed . 
 i saw that my bare foot was bleeding , as well . 
 i studied it closely , surprised to note that it was n't one cut that had made it bleed , but many . 
 and my other foot was bleeding , as well , lots of little tiny cuts and scrapes lining the bottom of both feet . 
 i must have passed through some stickers without even feeling it . 
 i still did n't feel it , in fact , so i just shrugged it off , and stood back up , continuing on to the beach . 
 my left ankle was a little weak from the fall , so i had to favor my right strongly to keep walking . 
 i did n't let up though , only stopping when i 'd finally reached the beach . 
 i had walked far , i noted . 
 i could n't even see akira 's house anymore from this beach . 
 i sank into the sand , curling into a sad little ball , like i had when i was upset as a child . 
 akira had always been there to comfort me , then . 
 and he 'd often been the only one who could , the only one i 'd wanted to see , if i was upset or sad . 
 but i 'd learned to do without him for my entire adult life . 
 it had been a sad life . 
 i 'd been so lonely , though i kept endlessly busy with work and family obligations . 
 i had n't even tried to date in recent years , which seemed to be for the best . 
 for me , at least . 
 i did n't care to even try to become interested in men , much to my parents ' dismay . 
 they were desperate for grandchildren at this point in their lives , and my older brother and i seemed to be hopeless in that department . 
 my brother was a shameless playboy . 
 and i was a hopeless spinster , i was sure , from their exasperated point of view . 
 i fought it for a while , trying to keep myself a little numb , but eventually i just broke , sobbing softly into my hands . 
 no matter how i looked at it , my future just looked so ... empty , without akira in it . 
 i was so sick of feeling empty . 
 and a few brief moments being full again only made me feel it more acutely . 
 i was a little stunned to see that it was fully dark as i lifted my wet hands from my tear-streaked face . 
 i did n't have to look around again to know that i was utterly lost . 
 i was too exhausted to care about my predicament , though . 
 i curled back into my little ball , and fell into an exhausted sleep . 
 the sun was directly above me when i opened my sleepy eyes , immediately flinching back from the harsh light . 
 it was several minutes before i mustered up the energy to rise to my feet . 
 my whole body ached , my feet and ankle hurting with every step i took along the sandy beach . 
 i could n't believe that i had slept for so long . 
 it had to be at least noon , going by the sun . 
 i dug my phone out of my purse , not at all surprised to see that the battery had died . 
 i walked for maybe twenty minutes when i spotted some people on the beach . 
 i hobbled to the family of three slowly but purposefully . 
 the mother , a heavy-set white woman , noticed me first , giving me a wide-eyed , surprised look . 
 she elbowed her husband , pointing at me . 
 i must have been a sight , by the concerned way they rushed to me , carrying their small child with them . 
 i thought it was very nice , how concerned they were for an absolute stranger . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 the woman asked , kind concern in every line of her face . 
 i really did n't want to know how bad i must look at the moment , to elicit such a response . 
 i just nodded , though i was far from all right . 
 after being so sick the day before , and then laying in the hot sun for the duration of the morning , unprotected in the sand , i felt close to passing out . 
 i had to clear my dry throat several times before i could speak . 
 `` do you have a phone that i could use ? 
 and could you tell me where i am ? '' 
 i asked in a hoarse voice . 
 the worried couple was beyond helpful , rushing to give me their cell phone , and giving me very detailed directions to this spot of beach . 
 i called the hotel , directing the staff to send a driver to pick me up . 
 even the receptionist on the phone sounded worried . 
 i supposed that i should n't have been surprised by that , since my luggage had arrived at the hotel a full day ago , and i had been conspicuously absent . 
 i hoped that no one had contacted my father . 
 he would worry needlessly . 
 my mother would likely just shrug it all off , saying that i was a grown-up who could take care of myself . 
 the hotel car arrived very promptly , the couple hovering near me in concern all the while . 
 i gave them my card . 
 `` please , do n't hesitate to call me , if you ever wish to stay at any of the middleton hotels . 
 you were a lifesaver for me today , and i would be happy to return the favor . 
 i can arrange for comp rooms for you any time you need . 
 thank you , '' i told them , my voice stiff and formal . 
 i did n't want to be so stiff with the nice couple , but it came out that way as all of my usual social graces were lost under the effort of simply trying not to pass out . 
 they eyed my card , seeming pleased with the offer . 
 i sincerely hoped they took me up on it . 
 i preferred , always , to repay my debts . 
 the driver from the day before , thomas , picked me up . 
 he was stunned speechless at the sight of me , opening the door for me without a word . 
 `` ms. middleton , can i take you to a hospital ? 
 you look unwell , if you do n't mind my saying so . '' 
 i just shook my head stiffly . 
 `` thank you , no . 
 please just drive me to the hotel . 
 i 'm quite fine . '' 
 my tone was colder than i 'd intended , but again , the effort to keep myself composed had robbed me of all social graces . 
 we were n't far from the hotel , arriving there in short minutes . 
 thomas held the car door open for me , his eyes concerned . 
 `` can i help you , ms. middleton ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i straightened as i stepped out of the car . 
 `` i just need my room key and number . 
 that will be all , thank you . '' 
 it took an eternity for me to actually get to my room , my progress slow but determined . 
 i leaned against the closed door , my eyes shutting in relief . 
 first , a bath , i decided . 
 i needed to eat , and to sleep , but i needed to be clean more than anything else just then . 
 i got in the large tub even as it filled with water . 
 i did n't turn off the scorching flow until it was filled to the brim . 
 i drifted off almost instantly . 
 the water was cold when i awoke , startled out of sleep by ... something . 
 i did n't know what , but i thought that it had been a noise . 
 only silence greeted me . 
 i got stiffly out of the cold bath , resolving to get some actual work done . 
 i dressed in a cream-colored pencil skirt , paired with one of my countless white dress shirts . 
 i tucked the shirt in , wanting to feel normal again , back in my business attire , and my business state of mind . 
 i slipped on some electric blue minolo stiletto 's , veering as far as i could from the barefoot urchin i 'd turned into after just a day back home . 
 my feet were already killing me , so i figured why not give them a good reason to hurt ? 
 cute shoes were a good reason . 
 i braided my hair back as tightly as my curls would go in the humid climate . 
 i even made an attempt at makeup , though it was minimal . 
 a glance in the mirror told me that i looked infinitely better , my pink cheeks the only visible evidence of the rough day i 'd had . 
 i made slow but sure progress to the hotel 's large offices , going into the spacious , well-appointed office that was reserved for use only by the middleton family . 
 i was aware of the startled glances i received as i walked , smoothly but slowly , past the office workers . 
 i nodded politely to several faces that i recognized , but no one stopped my progress-thank god . 
 my desk was already covered in papers that needed either my approval or my signature , or both . 
 i sat down heavily , getting to work . 
 i was grateful for the distraction . 
 i worked for a good ten minutes without interruption . 
 i thought it was unusual . 
 normally , when i visited one of the properties , i was practically mobbed with various local ideas and concerns . 
 i did n't dwell on it long though , too grateful to just be left alone to work . 
 ten minutes was all i got , though . 
 a startled hand flew to my chest as a large figure burst through my door . 
 an agitated akira stood panting in front of me , his eyes running over me , his face wild and almost ... scared . 
 chapter six he lowered himself into the chair in front of my desk , his worried eyes never leaving me . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 he asked , his voice harsh . 
 he was dressed in slacks and an uncharacteristically wrinkled white dress shirt . 
 it brought attention to his beautiful brown skin . 
 i sighed , biting my lower lip so that it would n't quiver at the sight of him . 
 i looked down as i answered , signing the paper i 'd been studying . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 why do you ask ? '' 
 he cursed . 
 i did n't look up . 
 `` thomas called me . 
 he said he 'd picked you up from the beach , and that you looked as though you 'd been attacked . 
 what on earth happened ? 
 i 've been looking for you ever since you disappeared from my house yesterday . 
 i spent the night searching the beach for you . 
 i had half of the island looking for you . '' 
 my gaze shot back to him at that , my eyes wide with shock . 
 `` i-i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean to worry anyone . 
 as you can see , i 'm perfectly fine . '' 
 his eyes widened , and i saw his temper rising by the way his muscles tensed up , his fists clenching . 
 i watched that tension build in him with no small amount of fascination . 
 his anger had never scared me , but it always got my attention . 
 `` tell me what happened , '' he said , his teeth clenched . 
 i flushed . 
 `` it 's embarrassing , ok ? 
 but i 'm fine now . '' 
 he just leaned forward , giving me his , ` i 'm not backing down ' look . 
 i sighed . 
 `` i went for a walk , barefoot , and scraped up my feet , then fell in a hole . 
 it got dark , and i was lost , so i slept on the beach . 
 in the morning , i found my way back . 
 nothing exciting , see ? '' 
 he buried his face in his hands as i spoke , rubbing his temples . 
 `` you slept all night on the beach , by yourself ? 
 do you have any idea how unsafe that is ? '' 
 i wanted to pull out my hair ; he was so frustrating . 
 `` i did n't want to sleep on the beach . 
 like i told you , i got lost . '' 
 `` why did you take off like that ? 
 i told you to wait outside . '' 
 he did n't look up at me as he spoke , still rubbing his temples , but i could tell from his voice just how angry he was . 
 his words made me angry , as well . 
 `` did you think that i was just going to wait patiently for you outside while you made up with your girlfriend ? '' 
 i asked , trying to make my voice sound steady , instead of hurt . 
 his head snapped up at that , his eyes wild and baffled . 
 `` she 's not my girlfriend . '' 
 i waved off his comment . 
 `` whatever it is you call her , i did n't want to wait on standby while you went through your usual makeup/breakup routine with her . '' 
 i stood up and took a step , intending to walk out of the room . 
 i needed to escape to the restroom , or anywhere , really . 
 i just needed to get out of his sight before i burst into tears . 
 the abuse i 'd inflicted on my starved body in the last twenty-four hours presented itself at that moment , when i stood so fast that my vision went fuzzy . 
 i swayed on my feet for an endless moment right before i collapsed into a dead faint . 
 i could n't have been out for long . 
 i was cradled in his arms when i came to , and we were still in the hotel , though akira was striding out the door even as i roused . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i asked him in a weak voice . 
 he glanced down at me , his hard face showing relief that i was awake . 
 `` i 'm taking you to the hospital . '' 
 i shifted in his arms , trying to get down . 
 he just squeezed me tighter . 
 `` i do n't need to go to the hospital . 
 i probably just fainted from hunger , '' i told him , flushing . 
 i felt like a particularly irresponsible child at the confession . 
 he blanched at my words , turning around to stride back into the hotel , heading straight into the promenade that led to the large selection of restaurants that the resort hosted . 
 his face was hard and bleak , his mouth turned down in a stark frown , as he studied me . 
 `` when did you last eat ? '' 
 he asked in a gruff voice . 
 `` i ate at tutu 's yesterday , right before i ran into you . 
 but i was ... sick , right after i left your house , so i 'm not sure if that counts . '' 
 his lower lip trembled a little , as though with strong emotion . 
 i blinked up at him , wondering if i was seeing things . 
 i was exhausted , dehydrated , and starving , so it was n't much of a stretch to think that i might be having hallucinations . 
 `` i 'll order some food , and just eat it in my office . 
 i need to get some things done , so i can set up the meetings that i came here for , before i head back to the mainland . 
 you can put me down . 
 i 'm okay now . '' 
 he squeezed me tighter . 
 `` just shut up , lana . '' 
 my eyes snapped open in shock . 
 never in my life had he told me to shut up . 
 it was so out of character for him that i actually obeyed . 
 he carried me into the first restaurant we came to . 
 the staff recognized both of us on sight , and ushered akira to a secluded table . 
 he ordered as he walked . 
 `` she needs to eat immediately , so just bring us whatever is available right away . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' the hostess said , striding away to comply . 
 he tried to set me in my own chair , but my arms just wrapped around his neck of their own volition . 
 he sighed , then sat . 
 i sat up , turning until my back was against his chest , my head laid back against his shoulder . 
 it felt so good , in spite of everything , just to be held in his massive arms . 
 his arms had relaxed as i shifted on his lap , and i pulled them tightly around me again . 
 he made a little humming noise , his cheek just touching the top of my head , and tightened those arms just how i wanted . 
 `` you 'll be the death of me , baby , '' he murmured against my hair . 
 `` just what am i going to do with you ? '' 
 `` i 'll be gone soon enough . 
 so nothing , i suppose , '' i said , feeling despondent at the thought . 
 his arms squeezed me . 
 `` tell me about this mainland life you seem to need . 
 is it so much better for you , living in california ? '' 
 his voice was very serious , as though he expected a very thorough answer . 
 again , i thought it was unmercifully cruel for him to ask me that . 
 i mulled over the question , feeling all of my old wounds as though they were fresh . 
 `` california ? 
 is that where you think i live ? '' 
 i asked , baffled by that . 
 my parents lived there , and i traveled there frequently for work , but by no stretch of the imagination did i live there . 
 he gave me a little shake . 
 `` your father and brother both told me that was where your residence was , when i asked them about you . '' 
 `` you asked them about me ? '' 
 he tugged on a lock of my hair , hard . 
 `` oww ! '' 
 i told him . 
 `` of course i ask them about you . 
 you do n't talk to me . 
 how else could i check up on you ? '' 
 his tone was chiding , and i detected a genuine hurt in it as well . 
 i was surprised into silence by the realization . 
 had he expected me to call him ? 
 after all of the ways i had embarrassed the both of us , seducing him with absolutely no shame , and then professing my undying love for him afterward . 
 he could n't have been more clear about the fact that he could not return my feelings , and i had been mortified and devastated . 
 he had felt guilty , and been embarrassed by the whole sordid thing . 
 the thought had never even occurred to me that he would ever want anything to do with me again . 
 `` so where do you live , then ? '' 
 he asked after a long silence . 
 `` i live ... nowhere . 
 i travel all the time . 
 i work all the time . 
 i stay on a lot of the resort properties , because it 's just easier . '' 
 `` so you have the flight gene , like your mother ? 
 you just like to stay on the move ? '' 
 he asked , his tone probing . 
 he was n't trying to hurt me , i knew . 
 he honestly thought that it was my choice to have no home . 
 `` no , '' i said quietly . 
 `` i do n't like it . 
 it 's bearable , sometimes , i suppose . 
 but who gets to do what they want ? 
 that 's what growing up is all about , right ? 
 giving up the things that you really want . '' 
 he made that sympathetic sound in his throat that always made my throat thicken with unwanted tears . 
 `` oh , lana , i 'm sorry to hear that . 
 it was such a comfort to me through the years , thinking that , though we were missing you , at least you were living a life that made you happy . '' 
 i did n't answer . 
 i could n't . 
 my mind was reeling . 
 was he trying to break my heart all over again ? 
 he had a knack for finding new and surprising ways to do it . 
 not only had i been miserable without his love , now i had to feel guilt that he was sad without my friendship . 
 `` i would have called you if i knew that you wanted to talk to me , '' i told him . 
 i realized , with a burst of bravado , that i wanted to stay in contact with him , wanted to be friends again , no matter how much it broke my heart . 
 `` oh , lana . '' 
 his voice was an anguished whisper against my hair . 
 `` you 're breaking my heart , baby . 
 how i must have hurt you , to have you thinking that i did n't want contact for all of these years . 
 how could you ever think that ? '' 
 our food arrived , the waitress nodding politely , but retreating quickly . 
 we had to be an uncomfortable sight , me cuddled on his lap with tears in my eyes . 
 it was two heaping plates of sausage and peppers rustica , with liberal portions of thick-crusted bread on the side . 
 `` you never called me , either , '' i told him quietly . 
 he began to prepare a small bite for me , holding it up to my mouth , feeding me like a child . 
 `` i was the bastard who violated you , and then embarrassed you . 
 and i know you overheard that unfortunate conversation i had with milena . 
 you had a good reason to hate me , so i did the only decent thing i could , and waited for you to contact me again when you were ready . 
 i hated my birthdays every year after you left , because i always thought you 'd call me . 
 you used to make such a fuss over my birthdays , and some part of me just always hoped you 'd soften towards me a little on that day . 
 but i was so disappointed every time , even though i had no right to expect you to forgive me . '' 
 i was crying silently by the time he finished speaking , tears running liberally down my cheeks . 
 i had hated his birthdays too , after i left . 
 i had hated mine , as well . 
 i always took a few days off for both of the dates , needing to be alone for the dark depression that always seemed to overtake me then . 
 akira tore off a tiny piece of bread , holding it up to my mouth . 
 i took the bite and chewed it , making myself eat , even though my appetite was nonexistent just then . 
 `` i could never hate you , akira . 
 i could never even stay mad at you for more than a day , if you recall . 
 even when i tried very hard to . '' 
 he kissed my head , feeding me a tiny bite of sausage . 
 `` it warms my heart to hear that , lana . '' 
 chapter seven he fed me nearly half of the oversized plate before i cried uncle , and he let up on hand feeding me . 
 he began to polish off the rest . 
 i tried to move to the other chair so he could get better access to the food . 
 the man had an unbelievable appetite . 
 he always had . 
 i was n't about to get between him and his meal . 
 but his arm just tightened around my waist , holding me to him while he polished off everything left on the table with astonishing speed . 
 he left no crust of bread uneaten . 
 i was giggling by the time he ate the last scrap of bread , dragging it around one of the plates , getting every last bit of pasta sauce . 
 `` i see you still eat a ridiculous amount of food . '' 
 he just grunted , tugging softly on a lock of my hair . 
 `` i 'm three times the size of most people . 
 why should n't i eat accordingly ? '' 
 `` hmm , that 's true . 
 you would n't want that perfect bod to get scrawny . '' 
 `` are you making fun of me ? '' 
 he asked , a smile in his voice . 
 i had n't been , but his smile made me smile , and i suddenly did want to tease him . 
 he had always been the best one to tease . 
 mari , tutu , my brother camden , and i had made a game out of it , and i 'd always wanted to be the first one to make his mean face crack into a smile . 
 and i usually had . 
 `` of course not . 
 anything less than four thousand calories a day and you 'd lose your position on the swole patrol . 
 how embarrassing that would be for you . '' 
 he tickled me until i giggled helplessly . 
 i saw heads turning to watch us out of the corner of my eye as we made a spectacle of ourselves . 
 i could n't summon up the will to care if we were making a scene . 
 this felt like old times , happy times , and i was determined to savor it . 
 `` are you up for a trip to the beach ? '' 
 he asked me suddenly , his tone serious . 
 `` we 'll surf another day , when you 're feeling better . 
 i just want to watch the ocean with you . '' 
 i sighed , knowing i should stay at the hotel and work . 
 and i should have been wary of the beach , considering the night i 'd had , but i just could n't turn down the chance to spend time with him . 
 i 'd never had that ability . 
 and there was nothing in the world i 'd rather do , than watch the ocean with akira . 
 `` i 'd love to . '' 
 we thanked the restaurant staff and left . 
 i was walking on my own at that point , but akira quickly took my arm hostage as we walked to his car . 
 curiously , my hair came loose as we walked , and i glanced behind my shoulder , wondering how it had happened . 
 i sent akira a suspicious glare . 
 he gave me a toothy white grin , holding up my hair tie without remorse . 
 i elbowed him in the stomach . 
 i thought it hurt my elbow more than it hurt his stomach , but he still threw me over his shoulder for the jab , smacking me soundly on the ass . 
 we were still in the hotel for that little spectacle , and i still could n't bring myself to care , cursing him colorfully as i swatted at his back . 
 he threw his head back and laughed at all of the things i came up with to call him . 
 he brought my tirade to an abrupt end as i resorted to calling his mother nasty names . 
 `` i 'm telling tutu , '' he said quietly , a smile still strong in his voice . 
 it shut me up , though . 
 it was n't smart to mess with tutu . 
 if you started a fight with tutu , you lost . 
 it was a well-known fact to the locals . 
 `` i 'll tell you what . 
 if you promise to go surfing with me in the morning , i wo n't tell tutu what you called her . '' 
 he dangled me farther down on his back as he spoke , tormenting me just because he could . 
 it brought me into reach of his ass , so i did n't mind , smacking it as hard as i could . 
 it hurt my palm , and he just spanked me right back . 
 i spanked him again , softer this time , studying that perfect ass . 
 i was convinced he had the best ass in the world . 
 no one could convince me otherwise . 
 it was perfectly shaped , and , well , perky . 
 he had a perfectly rounded , perky butt . 
 i squeezed it with both hands , and he pulled me higher , squeezing my own ass with one of his hands , in revenge . 
 `` deal . 
 i 'm not stupid enough to mess with tutu . 
 now , put me down ! '' 
 he just laughed again . 
 it was an evil sound . 
 `` at least let me squeeze your butt some more , if you wo n't put me down , '' i teased . 
 he set me down then , but i saw that it was because we 'd reached his car . 
 he opened the door for me , and i bounced inside , feeling happier than i had in so long ... i cursed suddenly as i realized i 'd forgotten my purse . 
 it was still back in the office . 
 i told akira so . 
 he just shrugged . 
 `` i 'll have one of my cousins bring it by when they get off work . '' 
 akira had about a million cousins , and many of them worked for our resort . 
 i 'd almost forgotten that , for some odd reason . 
 i had been too long from the island . 
 akira was quiet in the car , just shooting me occasional , concerned glances . 
 we had been driving for about ten minutes when i realized that we were n't headed to his house . 
 `` what beach are we going to ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 he sent me a small , happy smile . 
 `` guess . '' 
 it did n't take me long to guess , since i remembered the island well , and i could n't help but see exactly where he was going . 
 `` oh , we ca n't , akira . 
 i do n't even know if anyone 's been taking care of the house . 
 the yard is probably so overgrown that we wo n't even be able to navigate through it to get to the water . '' 
 his smile got bigger and wider , flashing me straight white teeth . 
 `` i 've been taking care of it . 
 it 's as beautiful as ever . '' 
 i studied him , not sure what to think . 
 `` has my father been making you ? 
 you know you do n't have to do everything he asks . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no , he never asked me to . 
 i 've just been doing it . 
 i enjoy it , and i have cleaners come in every week to do the cleaning . '' 
 `` you 've been doing that this whole time ? '' 
 he nodded , taking a deep breath . 
 `` ever since you left . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i told you , i enjoy it . 
 but also , i guess it was always just wishful thinking . 
 i never wanted to lose hope that you would come back , and when you did , i wanted your little slice of paradise to stay just how you remembered it . '' 
 i had to look away , touched to the point of tears by his actions . 
 he gripped my hand in his . 
 it was so warm , and i clutched it tight . 
 we arrived at the long , private drive that led to my family 's island estate . 
 i 'd known that i missed the place , but as we approached the house , it was driven home to me just how much . 
 as a kid , i 'd thought i 'd be living here forever . 
 if anyone would have suggested otherwise , i 'd have been baffled , and possibly burst into tears . 
 this was home . 
 this island and this house . 
 the house was a colossal , modern villa , with pale stone built into clean lines , and huge windows showcasing the glory of the nature surrounding it . 
 we went through the house to get to the backyard . 
 we did n't linger in the house long , but everything looked to be how i 'd left it . 
 it even smelled of plumerias , as i remembered . 
 `` oh , hey , hold up , '' akira said as i pushed the button that opened a huge panel at the back of the house up to the elements . 
 i glanced back at him . 
 he held up a tiny island dress , bikini , and flip-flops that he had clutched in one hand . 
 i 'd seen him ruffling through the back of his suv when we 'd arrived , but i had n't seen what he was grabbing . 
 i smiled at him . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i grabbed them from him , heading past him to the nearest room to change in . 
 he grabbed my arm , grinning . 
 `` it 's just the two of us , lana . 
 do you really need privacy ? '' 
 i raised my brows at his about-face . 
 taking his question as a challenge , i stepped out of my shoes , unzipping my skirt to let it drop around my ankles . 
 i unbuttoned my shirt , and had my bra unclasped before he could do more than stare . 
 i 'd never been shy with my body . 
 growing up on the island , spending every day in a bikini , it had never even occurred me to cover up . 
 and frankly , i knew his reaction to my stripping would be gratifying . 
 i was not disappointed . 
 his jaw dropped as i got out of my clothes in record time . 
 i got dressed nearly as quickly , slipping on the bikini , shrugging into the dress , and slipping into the flip-flops while he just watched me , looking hot and flustered , which was how i liked him best of all . 
 i gave him a radiant smile . 
 `` ready . '' 
 i grabbed his hand , tugging him with me outside . 
 he did n't resist . 
 i did n't even pause at the pool , going directly for the long trail that led into the lush green forest and to our private beach . 
 akira stopped me at the forest line , reaching to pluck a white plumeria from one of many trees that dotted our property . 
 he smiled as he tucked into my left ear , then started walking again . 
 `` wrong side , '' i told him , feeling silly . 
 of course he knew that a plumeria over the left ear meant i was taken , and one on the right meant i was looking . 
 mari had been the one to teach me , years ago . 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 i felt my heart turn over in my chest with a fearful kind of hope . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 i asked in a weak voice . 
 `` why do n't you think so ? '' 
 he sent me a suspiciously innocent look . 
 `` well , you 're not looking for a man , are you ? 
 a flower on the right side means you want every interested guy to hit on you . '' 
 i supposed he had a point , since that was the last thing i wanted . 
 i fingered the flower as we made our way from the small patch of lush forest that led to the ocean . 
 `` it 's as beautiful as i remember , '' i told him , taking in the enchanted green serenity around me . 
 `` yes , '' he said simply . 
 the black sand beach was just as i 'd remembered it , too . 
 and the ocean . 
 oh , the ocean . 
 i 'd always had such a fascination with that endless expanse of blue , and i always found it to be the most beautiful right at sunset , which was fast approaching . 
 akira sat in the sand , pulling me between his spread legs without a word . 
 i leaned back against his chest , thinking that this was my own perfect little slice of paradise . 
 `` i think i could stay like this forever , with you , '' i told him quietly . 
 he pressed a cheek against my hair , wrapping his arms around my shoulders . 
 `` why do n't you , then ? 
 give me one good reason why you ca n't stay on this rock ? '' 
 my breath grew ragged , and i could n't seem to find the breath to speak . 
 i 'd been so brave when i was younger , declaring my feelings with no hesitation or reservation whatsoever . 
 it seemed as though i 'd just used it all up back then , with none of it left for the grown-up me . 
 it made me sad , but i still could n't seem to ask him the questions i wanted to . 
 could i just stay here ? 
 was it a terrible idea , or a brilliant one ? 
 i could n't live my life based on whether or not akira could love me like i did him . 
 i knew that was not way to live . 
 but could i live here , and see him every day , and be able to endure the longing , if we were n't together ? 
 `` i 'll have to think about it , '' i told him quietly , watching the sky turn brilliant with the sunset . 
 he nuzzled his face into my neck , placing a soft kiss there . 
 `` you do that . '' 
 `` you want me to stay ? '' 
 i asked him , holding my breath to hear his answer . 
 `` yes , '' he said thickly . 
 `` i want that . '' 
 he cleared his throat . 
 we were both silent for a long time , watching the sky turn colors in a glorious display that had never failed to move me . 
 `` this place has the most beautiful sunset in the world , '' i murmured . 
 `` yes . 
 the beach for sunset , and haleakala for sunrise . 
 guess where we 're going in the morning ? '' 
 i turned my head to give him an amused smile . 
 `` you really want to wake up at four a.m. to catch the sunrise ? '' 
 `` more like three , and yes , we 're going . 
 it 's been years since either of us has seen a haleakala sunrise , and i think it 's fitting that we go together . '' 
 i snuggled my back into his chest , feeling a wave of contentment wash over me . 
 even if the world ended tomorrow , i thought i could be okay with it , after having watched this perfect sunset , and after , a perfect sunrise with the love of my life . 
 it only took one small stroke of his thumb against my collarbone to change the mood from sweet to hot in an instant . 
 he kissed just the perfect spot on my neck , his hands finding and kneading at my br ** sts with just the right pressure . 
 i moaned . 
 `` you 're going to ride me reverse cowgirl , '' he murmured into my ear . 
 `` so you can watch the sunset while i make you come . 
 you will never forget this ride . '' 
 `` sex on the beach ? 
 is n't that messy ? '' 
 i asked ruefully , but i was so game . 
 `` we 'll get sand in our unmentionables . '' 
 `` maybe . 
 it wo n't be so bad if you 're on top , but it will probably be messy , and god only knows where we 'll be finding sand later . 
 do you mind ? '' 
 as he spoke , he was shifting me against him , lifting me higher so that he could slide his h * ps under me , parting my legs to straddle him . 
 i was already untying my bikini bottoms as he opened his slacks , freeing himself . 
 `` i do not . 
 i ca n't believe you wore a dress shirt and slacks to the beach , akira . '' 
 he did n't respond , but i heard a harsh gasp behind me as i lined myself up over his stiff length . 
 i was already wet , desire only taking the briefest thought for me when it came to akira . 
 i circled my hips , wetting his tip . 
 he groaned loudly . 
 i worked him into me slowly . 
 i had no choice with his size and the angle . 
 he was so thick that i held my breath as i worked the last few inches inside of me . 
 i sucked in a rough breath when i was finally seated to the hilt , stuffed full of him . 
 i just stayed like that for a while , adjusting to the size and the angle , which felt even more wonderful with every breath i took , and watched the sunset . 
 `` you 're missing the sunset in this position , '' i gasped at him . 
 his hands stroked my hips , kneading at my flesh . 
 `` i 'm not missing anything , baby , '' he rasped . 
 `` most beautiful view i 've ever had in my life . '' 
 i shuddered at his words , and began to move , pushing on my knees to lift up and forward , then down and back to reseat myself . 
 we both cried out loudly . 
 `` you feel so good , akira . 
 you 're so big , but it feels so good . '' 
 `` you 're so f ** king tight , baby . 
 i do n't know how long i 'll last , but i want to stay inside of you for days . '' 
 i whimpered , lifting up again , the delicious slide of him dragging along every sensitive nerve inside of me . 
 `` i wo n't last days , akira . 
 i do n't even think i 'll last minutes like this . '' 
 he grunted . 
 `` good . 
 me too . 
 i intend to spend as much time inside of you as possible , and i have no problem trying until we get it right . '' 
 i ground back down onto him , then dragged up again , my movements getting faster . 
 he gripped my h * ps tighter , moving his h * ps to take over the movements . 
 i was fine with that , since he built us into just the right rhythm , pounding into me . 
 my head fell back , but i kept my eyes open on the brilliant sky as i came , shivers of ecstasy rocking my body as the sky continued to give me the show of a lifetime . 
 i cried out his name hoarsely , unable to even try to keep it in . 
 he shouted my name , bottoming out inside of me with one last hard slam , his hard hands on my h * ps all that kept me upright . 
 it took long minutes for us both to recover . 
 we covered the essentials and settled back into watching the sky and the ocean again . 
 i sighed contentedly as the last brilliant streaks of gold faded from the sky . 
 it was a perfect night , very little of it spent sleeping . 
 i thought that akira had elicited every last orgasm inside of me by the time i drifted into a deep , but short , sleep . 
 he was waking me again way too soon . 
 `` no . 
 humans need to rest , akira . '' 
 `` i know , lana . 
 you just need to bundle up and get into the car . 
 i 'll do all the driving , and you can sleep until we reach the top of haleakala . 
 `` fine , '' i said grumpily , sitting up . 
 we 'd ended up sleeping in my old bedroom , and i raided the closet for jeans and a sweatshirt . 
 we were in the car and driving within fifteen minutes , and i leaned my chair back , promptly falling back to sleep . 
 i grumbled when he woke me again , calling him a few nasty names as i woke up what seemed like an instant later . 
 of course , i had to take it all back as i watched the sun rising in what i was convinced was the most beautiful sunrise in the world . 
 streaks of gold painted the clouds that hovered just below us . 
 cradled in akira 's arms , i knew that this was the closest to paradise i 'd ever been . 
 chapter eight `` let 's go hang out at the bar , '' he murmured into my ear later that afternoon . 
 we 'd spent the morning surfing . 
 the saltwater had stung the crap out of my feet at first , but i had n't made a peep . 
 i would n't miss out on a day of surfing with akira for any amount of discomfort . 
 i stiffened , because milena worked there . 
 he seemed to read my thoughts . 
 `` milena is taking some time off . 
 she 's been too unstable lately to even work . '' 
 i agreed easily enough . 
 i 'd never pass up on a chance to see tutu and mari . 
 we reached the stretch of kalua shops quickly , sharing a companionable silence in the car . 
 akira opened the door for me before i 'd even unbuckled my seat belt . 
 he had always been like that , always the gentleman for me ; even when i was ten , when he 'd called me a ` little lady ' , as he opened it with a flourish . 
 i had secretly loved the title . 
 the bar was already crowded , even though it was early afternoon . 
 i realized that it was friday . 
 this place had always been hopping on friday night . 
 two spaces at the full bar magically opened up when a few locals saw that akira wanted us to sit there . 
 he nodded at them respectfully . 
 they nodded back , not having to explain . 
 it was a fact that akira kalua got and gave respect in these parts . 
 no words needed to be exchanged . 
 he ordered a beer , looking at me when the bartender asked what for the lady . 
 i smiled at the friendly man , not recognizing him at all . 
 it did n't mean that he was new , i supposed . 
 it just meant that he was n't more than eight years into the job . 
 there was a time when i would have known everyone here . 
 even as an underage teenager , i 'd practically lived here . 
 he was a local . 
 he had a slight build and friendly brown eyes . 
 he was the opposite of akira looks-wise , looking harmless with his nice smile . 
 `` just water , thank you . '' 
 akira gave me a disgusted look , his mean upper lip curling at me . 
 `` that 's borin ' . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` what ? 
 are you disappointed that i wo n't be getting drunk and letting you take advantage of me ? '' 
 it was a score . 
 he almost blushed at the comment . 
 i leaned forward to whisper in his ear . 
 `` you know i do n't have to be drunk for that . 
 you can search me on the internet anytime you like , and have your way with your filthy palm . '' 
 he grabbed me , tickling me unmercifully for the taunt . 
 there were tears running down my face before he let me loose , a grin on his face . 
 i knew without having to look around that we had the attention of the bar crowd . 
 i did n't care . 
 i smiled back at him , a happy twinkle in my eye that had been absent for at least eight years . 
 `` i know , when you torture me that much , that i hit a nerve . '' 
 he was smiling at me unreservedly , a smile that was rare and that i treasured . 
 his eyes were soft , and he just looked ... happy . 
 `` come here , '' he said , pulling me against him and kissing the top of my head . 
 we separated quickly from the embrace , both suddenly self-conscious . 
 i resumed my own seat , taking a drink of my water . 
 he clucked his tongue at me . 
 `` at least get a soda or somethin' . 
 that is just a sad thing to drink at a bar . '' 
 i just shrugged . 
 `` i do n't like soda . 
 i guess i would n't mind tea . '' 
 he rose , kissing the top of my head again , as though he could n't help it . 
 `` i 'll be right back . 
 tutu has the best tea next door . 
 you still take it plain ? '' 
 i nodded , my eyes following his every move as he strode across the room . 
 a few familiar locals stopped to greet me , as though they 'd been intimidated to approach when akira was there . 
 i smiled and chatted with them , catching up a bit . 
 when akira returned , he brought my tea , and tutu . 
 they were a sight , mother and son , one so massive , the other the definition of petite . 
 it always made me smile , because the tiny one called the shots . 
 akira was a respectful , dutiful son . 
 she was all smiles , in a doozy of a mood , at her most benevolent . 
 it made all of us a little wary . 
 you had to worry a bit , when tutu was that happy . 
 she hugged me , a seat magically vacating itself so she could sit beside me . 
 she gave akira a pointed look . 
 `` well ? 
 what are you waiting for ? 
 go work the cafe . 
 i need to talk to my granddaughter . '' 
 he gave her a borderline unfriendly look , but sure enough , he obeyed . 
 tutu turned her regard to me , and i was almost scared at her intense expression . 
 tutu had n't liked me at first , when i began to dog akira 's heels as a child . 
 she 'd called me a haole , and ignored me . 
 i had n't gone away , so eventually , she had started to talk to me . 
 at first , i 'd just gotten lectures about how maui should belong to the locals again , and how men like my father were the problem . 
 she had scared me as a child , so i had n't argued with her , not even to defend my dad . 
 i had just nodded solemnly , as though i understood what she was saying well enough to agree . 
 i had n't , but she had taken my agreement as respect . 
 and so our special bond began . 
 i grew on her over the years with my earnest perseverance . 
 she respected my persistence , and my audacity , and i respected her . 
 i had desperately wanted her approval . 
 i was around ten when i began to tell anyone who would listen that i was going to marry akira when i grew up . 
 tutu had n't liked that . 
 she had been mad at me whenever i worked up the nerve to repeat it to her . 
 but i 'd respected her , so i had wanted her to know my intent . 
 she had finally berated me so soundly for it that i had run to akira , crying . 
 i had explained it to him , and he had been sympathetic , taking me back to the formidable woman so that we could make up . 
 tutu had patted my head affectionately then . 
 `` it 's not your fault , lana . 
 you 're not a local ; you ca n't help that . 
 akira needs to marry a local girl . 
 it 's our way . '' 
 i had been crying , but i had stood my ground , anyway . 
 `` but i want to be in your family ! '' 
 i had told her in an angry little voice . 
 she had studied me with a little smile . 
 she was a diabolical woman , so even that smile had been a little scary to a ten-year old . 
 `` i 'll tell you what . 
 i do n't have any grandkids , because of my worthless children . '' 
 she had paused there to send akira a long , malevolent glare . 
 he 'd smirked , unaffected . 
 `` but you are a lovely child . 
 i 've never seen a little girl more beautiful than you . 
 your purple eyes make me think you might have magic , which is very good . 
 and you 're smart . 
 and you 're a stubborn little thing . 
 and i like your backbone . 
 and i think you 're just ornery enough to be a kalua . 
 so , you may have the distinct honor of calling me tutu . 
 it means grandma . '' 
 i 'd looked at akira , wanting him to approve . 
 he 'd smiled warmly at me , and i was ecstatic . 
 i knew it was the biggest accomplishment of my young life , being the first to call her tutu . 
 `` so you 're family now . 
 perhaps akira will be less worthless and stupid when you 're finally a grown-up . '' 
 i looked at akira as she spoke . 
 his nose had just wrinkled at her , his only answer . 
 the look said ` not happening ' . 
 tutu had continued , thankfully ignoring the look . 
 `` and since you 're family now , and therefore a local , i will approve of the marriage . '' 
 i had been on cloud nine for ages after being added to my favorite family . 
 akira and mari had turned it into a bit of a joke , and took to calling her tutu , as well . 
 they said that since she wanted grandkids so badly , that everyone should just call her tutu , since neither of them planned to ever get married . 
 soon , all of the locals took up the habit of calling her tutu , and she had taken to the title as though that was what she had wanted all along . 
 chapter nine tutu brought me back to the present by leaning forward to press her nose and forehead against mine . 
 it was an affectionate gesture , one you would give a granddaughter . 
 i smiled at her fondly as she pulled back to study me . 
 `` you know , i 'm old and stubborn , and i decided a long time ago that i 'm too old to have to change my mind about anything . 
 i get to be set in my ways now . 
 it 's the law . 
 but i have decided to change my mind about one thing . 
 i was n't wrong about it . 
 i 've just changed my mind . 
 your haole dad is not the problem with maui . '' 
 i raised my brows at her , wondering where this was going . 
 i had always suspected that she was secretly grateful to my dad for being a mentor to akira , but she would never admit it . 
 or so i had thought . 
 `` he is n't the problem , because he had you . 
 and if you have akira 's babies , lots of them preferably , then they will inherit back some of our land for us . 
 so you see , your dad is only some of the problem with maui . '' 
 i smiled at her weakly , uncomfortable talking with her about anything to do with akira , now that i was grown . 
 it was obvious that my promise to marry him would not be kept , at this point . 
 she just patted me on the shoulder and stood . 
 `` i just needed to get that off my chest . 
 i might die tomorrow , so you should listen to me . 
 i might haunt you forever if you do n't . '' 
 that one made me laugh , my discomfort passing . 
 i had heard that famous tutu quote many a time . 
 it was one of my favorites . 
 even as a child , when the thought of being haunted had been kind of scary , i had still felt a little comforted by the notion of tutu staying near me forever . 
 akira was grimacing as he re-joined me . 
 he studied me . 
 `` tutu was giving me the most evil cackle when she sent me back in . 
 you okay ? 
 what crazy thing did she say to you ? '' 
 i just shook my head , smiling . 
 `` just some tutu wisdom . 
 she 's in rare form today . 
 she even threw her , ' i might die tomorrow , i 'll haunt you forever , ' line at me . 
 cantankerous as ever . '' 
 that made him laugh . 
 i touched the dimple in his cheek as he did so . 
 i could n't seem to help it , my hand had a mind of its own . 
 and his eyes got so soft when i did that . 
 he shocked me by pulling me snugly into his arms , placing a sweet kiss on top of my head . 
 when he did n't immediately release me , i just went with his affectionate mood , throwing both of my arms around his neck , and burrowing my face into my favorite spot on his chest . 
 i knew the bar crowd was staring at us . 
 akira was not exactly known for being a demonstrative , affectionate man . 
 just the opposite , in fact . 
 but he had always been different for me . 
 everyone had probably just forgotten that . 
 i had been gone a long time . 
 he was in a kind mood , and so let me stay like that for a long time , my cheek on his chest , his hand stroking over my hair . 
 i felt him playing with the streaky waves . 
 he even brought a lock to his lips at one point . 
 i wanted to stay like that forever , crowded bar or not . 
 i felt cherished like that . 
 we did n't speak for a long time . 
 i did n't even consider it . 
 i did n't want to risk breaking the spell . 
 he took long drinks of his beer , but never relinquished his hold on me , and did n't push me away . 
 i was n't planning to move an inch if he did n't make me . 
 `` do you want me to get you more tea ? '' 
 akira murmured , his mouth close to my ear as he spoke . 
 i made a non-committal noise into his shirt . 
 `` maybe later . '' 
 his hands stroked my back . 
 `` i need to go tell mari that you 're here , anyway . 
 she 'll never forgive me if you come here to hang out and she does n't even know about it . 
 i 'll be right back , k ? '' 
 he set me away from him as he spoke , and i sat back down in my chair , already missing that warm embrace . 
 he kissed my head before he left . 
 milena must have had someone on the watch-out for him to leave , because just seconds after he 'd left the bar , she was taking his seat beside me . 
 she glared at me malevolently . 
 i recognized that she was beautiful . 
 but i had never understood why akira was with her , other than that . 
 he could have had anyone . 
 and she was rude and mean , and overly aggressive . 
 i had never understood their relationship , but i 'd always hated it . 
 `` you think you 're special to him , but you 're not . 
 you 're nothing but his little puppy , '' she said in a vicious voice . 
 i just sighed at her weak attack . 
 really , she could have done better . 
 it was n't hard to hurt my feelings where akira was concerned , but she had somehow managed to miss a very large target . 
 `` did you have a point ? 
 he says you 're not his girlfriend anymore , '' i said , wanting to hear her take on that . 
 she flushed . 
 `` not now , i 'm not . 
 but he was mine for years , haole . 
 how long did you get him for ? 
 a night or two ? 
 just think of how good those nights were , and then think of a thousand nights like that . 
 that 's what i got from him . 
 you got nothing . 
 you are nothing . 
 and yet you have the nerve to disrespect me . '' 
 i raised my brows at her . 
 `` how so ? 
 i think i do a pretty good job of staying out of your way , which is what you clearly prefer . '' 
 i saw her getting visibly more agitated at my words . 
 that had n't been my intention . 
 i was n't trying to make her mad . 
 i just wanted her to go away . 
 she pointed a red tipped finger at me . 
 `` you f ** ked him when he was my man , back when you were eighteen . 
 i heard you talking about it , so you ca n't even deny it . '' 
 i froze at that accusation , because it actually hurt . 
 `` you were broken up at the time , '' i told her , lifting my chin . 
 that sharp nail poked me in the chest , hard . 
 it stung . 
 her voice was a near-shout when she responded , `` that breakup was his idea , and i did n't agree to it ! 
 and , since we got back together a few months later , that breakup did n't even count . 
 so you f ** ked my man ! '' 
 as she spoke , her nail jabbed hard into my chest several times to emphasize her point . 
 my eyes widened . 
 so they had been broken up when he 'd made love to me the first time . 
 i had n't been sure of that , after overhearing a conversation they 'd had the day after he 'd been with me . 
 the idea that he 'd lied to me about something like that had haunted me for years . 
 i was so relieved to find that he really had n't lied . 
 i just looked at her steadily , determined to pretend her sharp pokes did n't sting like a bitch . 
 `` do you have any idea how crazy you sound right now ? 
 if someone breaks up with you , that is called being broken up . 
 you do n't have to agree to it for it to count . '' 
 her eyes widened and i saw the moment her crazy switch snapped on , her eyes going wild , her fingernails flying at my face . 
 i 'd never been in a fight before , but i 'd seen quite a few of them , and i 'd always looked down on the girls that used their nails , or went for the hair . 
 i had always told myself that if i ever had to fight somebody , i 'd use my fists , goddammit . 
 it was pure instinct that had me slapping my hand to her forehead before those mean nails could reach my face . 
 i was taller , so my reach was better . 
 it was that simple . 
 but it hurt like crazy when she started scratching at my arm like a wild animal . 
 i fisted my free hand , almost excited to try my first real punch on somebody . 
 especially since that someone was milena . 
 i swung at her face , since her cheek was practically asking me to . 
 it was pointing right at me . 
 it did n't knock her out cold , unfortunately , as i 'd been sort of fantasizing it would . 
 it did n't really even slow her down . 
 i made solid enough contact that it hurt my hand , but it only seemed to piss her off more , if that was possible . 
 she finally got ahold of my hair , in spite of my better reach . 
 she yanked a hunk out , hard , calling me every nasty name in the book . 
 i had a few choice words for her as well , the most prevalent one starting with a c. i punched her again , in the head that time . 
 oww . 
 that one definitely hurt my hand more than it hurt her head . 
 i quickly resorted to hair pulling , my punching skills sorely lacking . 
 i gripped the top of her hair , trying to ignore what she was doing to my arm , even though it hurt like hell . 
 i had a sudden spark of inspiration . 
 my fists were a no go , but my knee might be hard enough to do some damage . 
 i bent my injured elbow , pulling her a little closer , and raising my knee up into her stomach with the same motion . 
 score ! 
 i thought . 
 it knocked the breath out of her , and i did it again , just because my arm was wet with blood from her evil claws , and it still hurt like a motherfucker . 
 i was getting ready to knee her again when she was torn away from me . 
 i met akira 's frantic eyes as he grasped her around the middle , pulling her away from me . 
 his eyes ran over me , widening when he saw the bloody scratches that covered my arm . 
 he cursed as he pulled her farther from me . 
 big arms wrapped around me from behind . 
 i realized that it was some man who thought i was going to try to attack milena even after she 'd been pulled off me . 
 i had n't even considered the idea . 
 i saw akira 's eyes as the man put hands on me . 
 it was a scary sight . 
 they went from frantic , straight to bat-shit crazy , his own crazy switch snapping on . 
 akira was about to blow . 
 he spared one of the arms holding a furiously struggling milena to point it at the man directly behind me . 
 `` get your f ** king hands off her ! '' 
 he barked at him . 
 the man released me instantly . 
 akira eyed the crowded bar , his look a warning . 
 `` if anyone else lays so much as a f ** king finger on her , i 'm going to jail tonight ! '' 
 akira shouted to the room at-large before pulling his psycho ex out the door . 
 akira came back inside less than five minutes later , looking positively volatile . 
 his eyes were still wild as he approached me . 
 i was sitting in my same chair by the bar , mari and tutu hovering over me , carefully rolling up the sleeve of my scratched-up arm to see how bad it was . 
 other than a missing hunk of hair , it was the only part of my body she had managed to reach . 
 i was kind of proud of the fact . 
 so were mari and tutu , going by their excited chatter . 
 `` milena 's been in lots of fights , but i 'd say you won , pretty girl , '' mari was saying , more concerned with establishing my victory than with the actual fight . 
 i could n't help but smile at her enthusiasm . 
 tutu nodded sagely . 
 `` i always knew it , '' she said , as though she had predicted the whole thing and knew exactly how it would turn out . 
 it was typical tutu . 
 mari and i shared an amused look . 
 akira 's first good look at the deep gouges in my arm had him turning away . 
 he strode to the nearest wall , pulled back his arm , and punched a hole in it . 
 it was a very impressive display of both his rage and his strength . 
 i wanted to tease him about it , but knew that it was too soon to try joking with him like that . 
 his eyes were less wild but just as agonized when he approached me again . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , baby . '' 
 he squeezed in to embrace me , completely ignoring his mother and sister , who were both cursing him for taking their spots . 
 he kissed the top of my head . 
 `` come on , lana . 
 you need to have those cleaned up at the hospital . '' 
 i let him pull me gently to my feet by my good hand . 
 mari and tutu shouted advice at him as he pulled me to the door . 
 `` get back to work , '' he shouted back , ushering me outside . 
 he was very quiet in the car , using one hand to drive , the other one warmly gripping my knee . 
 the touch was meant to be comforting , but it was still an instant turn-on for me . 
 i used the hand of my uninjured arm to inch the loose skirt of my sundress up my legs , parting them as i did so . 
 akira shot me a stern look , but did n't fight me when i slid his hand higher , onto my inner thigh . 
 i worked the material of my dress high , until i was exposed enough to shove his hand just where i wanted it . 
 he stroked me with a soft touch , though his eyes were still hard as he gave me a censorious look . 
 `` you are incorrigible , '' he told me , plunging a thick finger inside of me . 
 he stopped the divine motion almost immediately , since we were already pulling into the hospital parking lot . 
 `` i won the fight , '' i told him proudly as he pulled me out of the car by my good hand . 
 i wanted him to know that , in case he had n't noticed when he was breaking it up . 
 he glared at me . 
 `` you should n't have been fighting in the first place , '' he told me with his best lecturing tone . 
 i glared back . 
 `` you think i started that ? 
 i was just defending myself . 
 your ex is a psycho , but i still won . '' 
 his face tightened harshly enough that i felt it pull at the strings on my heart . 
 i could see , just from his face , that he was blaming himself for the whole sordid fiasco . 
 `` it 's my fault . 
 i should n't have left your side . 
 i was so sure she would n't show . 
 i warned her that if she came to the bar while you were in town , or laid so much as a finger on you , that she 'd lose her job . 
 i thought surely that would be enough to keep her from trying to harm you , but she either did n't believe me , or just did n't care . '' 
 i was shocked . 
 `` so you fired her ? '' 
 he nodded , his face hard . 
 `` and you need to press charges . 
 she needs to know that she ca n't touch you . '' 
 i mulled it over . 
 our fight had been unwelcome , and my arm hurt like hell , but milena losing her job over it seemed like enough of a punishment , to me . 
 `` i 'm not going to . 
 if you fired her , i think that 's enough of a punishment . '' 
 he looked like he wanted to argue with me , but he stayed silent , pulling me to the hospital entrance . 
 `` i still hate her guts , though , '' i continued . 
 `` i 'm so jealous of her that i can barely stand it . '' 
 he looked genuinely surprised by my confession . 
 i could n't imagine why he 'd be surprised by it . 
 `` why on earth would you be jealous of her ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` she told me she 'd had a thousand nights with you , and i only got two . 
 one and a half , rather . 
 i hate her guts for that . 
 and knowing you two , you 'll probably reconcile again in a week . '' 
 he gave me a very annoyed look as he opened the door for me . 
 `` that 's ridiculous , lana . 
 we 've been broken up for years . 
 though i guess you would n't know it by how she still acts . 
 i ca n't understand why she ca n't get over it . 
 we were never good for each other , and over the years , we only got worse . 
 she resented me for what i could n't feel for her , and if i 'm brutally honest , i only stayed with her for so long because i thought that i did n't deserve better . 
 i ended it years ago , though , when i realized that i 'd much rather be alone than with someone who brought out the worst in me . 
 milena is a bitter woman who ca n't grow up enough to let go of the past . 
 the very distant past , at that . 
 you have nothing to be jealous of . '' 
 i mulled that one over . 
 she was n't the only woman who could n't let go of the very distant past . 
 his assessment wounded me , because even though he 'd been referring to milena , i knew that i was no different . 
 i wanted to let go , but i did n't seem to have that ability . 
 i wished to god that i did . 
 unwillingly , my mind wandered back to the past . 
 chapter ten 8 years ago when akira had asked me what i wanted him to get me for my eighteenth birthday , i had n't even had to think about it . 
 i wanted him . 
 though i was smarter than to tell him that . 
 instead , i had asked him to spend the day with me . 
 he agreed without hesitation , though he stubbornly insisted that i could n't call it a date . 
 he had n't had to ask me how i wanted to spend the morning . 
 that one was a no-brainer . 
 we spent it in the ocean , catching waves for endless hours . 
 i had straddled my board a lot , practicing provocative poses , trying to tempt him , as i had taken to doing a lot recently . 
 but today , it was different . 
 i was a grown-up today , and there was no reason for akira not to touch me now . 
 i arched my back when he looked at me , thrusting my full br ** sts forward in my tiny lavender bikini . 
 it was literally the tiniest one i could find , barely covering the essentials . 
 he gave me his stern , ` knock it off ' look , and went back to studying the waves . 
 when he 'd seen me walk out wearing the minuscule suit , he 'd just raised his brows and said , `` i guess you want to watch me get into some fights on your birthday . '' 
 his tone had been dark , his face forbidding , but i had beamed at him , taking it as a good sign . 
 he watched the waves for a good ten minutes after he 'd given me ` the look ' , then finally , i 'd resorted to drastic measures . 
 i had gone to great lengths to assure that i did n't have a tan line for tonight , wanting my body to look perfect for him . 
 i 'd been tanning nak * d in my back yard , so the feeling of the soft breeze on my bare chest was not all that foreign to me as i untied the top of my suit , letting it fall down to my waist . 
 i studied the waves , as akira did , pretending not to notice the slip . 
 i felt my br ** sts tighten the second that he saw what had happened . 
 he started cursing . 
 `` lana , your top ! '' 
 he snapped at me . 
 i looked down at my chest , acting baffled , as though i could n't imagine what could have happened to it . 
 he was still cursing as he straddled his own board , paddling over to me to fix it himself , since i was being too slow about it . 
 i glanced around as he covered my br ** sts with the tiny triangles of material . 
 i tried to look worried . 
 `` do you think anyone saw ? '' 
 he glanced around , his face thunderous , ready to stare down , or possibly pound , any poor fool he caught looking . 
 but there was no one . 
 we were virtually alone , all of the other surfers far enough away that they could n't have gotten a good look . 
 `` will you tie it for me , akira ? 
 i guess i did n't tie it tightly enough . '' 
 he tied it at my neck without a word . 
 the triangles did n't fall into place on their own though , so i was still exposed . 
 i made no move to cover up , so he did that too , moving the thin material over my hard n ** ples , cursing all the while . 
 i did n't bother with the trick again . 
 it obviously had n't worked , so the rest of the morning was spent surfing and basking . 
 i spent most of it watching akira . 
 he was so magnificent that i could have watched him forever . 
 we did n't get back to his house until mid-afternoon . 
 i used his tiny downstairs shower to wash off all of the sand and salt and sea , and akira used his master bath upstairs to do the same . 
 i had toyed with the idea of slipping into his shower with him and seducing him there , but decided against it . 
 it did n't seem fair to sneak in on him like that . 
 he was lounging on his back on his lived-in sofa when i re-emerged from the bathroom . 
 he was wearing some soft athletic shorts , black with a white stripe down the side , and nothing else , his glorious chest bare . 
 he did n't glance up at me as i came to see what he was watching on tv . 
 that was fortunate , since i might have lost my nerve if he had looked at what i was wearing , right at first . 
 i was wearing a micro-mini pleated red plaid skirt , and a small , short sleeved , white button down shirt with it . 
 it was a naughty schoolgirl look that i had seen milena wear a few times , and so figured akira must like the look . 
 mine had a few extra naughty modifications , like no panties or bra , and all of the buttons undone on my top . 
 it gaped open , exposing my full , tan br ** sts with their tiny , coral-colored n ** ples . 
 `` what do you wan na do now , birthday girl ? '' 
 akira asked without looking up . 
 i bit my lip , deciding to go for it with gusto . 
 i was straddling his prone figure before he could blink , lining my panty-less sex along his soft shorts . 
 his eyes flew open wide in shock , staring at my exposed br ** sts as though he did n't have a clue what they were . 
 i was unbelievably gratified when i felt him growing hard against me . 
 instinctively , i started to rub myself against him , finding the material of his shorts to be soft against my bare skin . 
 i was a virgin . 
 in fact , i 'd never even kissed a guy , since akira would n't kiss me . 
 but i had a filthy mind and a filthy mouth , and i 'd learned all i 'd thought there was to know on the internet . 
 it was one of my favorite pastimes lately , finding some new and shocking thing on the internet , then using it to shock akira . 
 his face turned purple sometimes , when i disturbed him enough with my latest findings . 
 i would get a thirty-minute lecture after that , but it was always worth it . 
 i 'd always liked even his sternest lectures . 
 i moaned as he just kept growing against me . 
 i could tell he was big , even without looking . 
 he felt massive and hard as a rock as i moved my sex against him , arching my back to rub him on a spot that felt particularly divine . 
 he just watched me , looking like a deer in headlights . 
 i reached into the elastic waistband of his shorts , gripping him with my hand , and he gasped . 
 i made a little sound of pleasure in my throat . 
 i loved the feel of him so much . 
 he was so hard , but the skin on his c * ck was so smooth , like velvet . 
 i shoved his shorts down , using my hand to rub his now bare erection along my slick passage . 
 that got a reaction , and he sat up , pushing me off his lap . 
 i sprawled out on the floor , a little stunned . 
 it had knocked the wind out of me . 
 akira cursed , then apologized , but made no move to help me up . 
 he looked like he was almost afraid of me . 
 he sat watching me , his elbows on his knees now , shorts again covering his magnificent erection . 
 i propped myself up on my elbows , my br ** sts jutting forward . 
 i drew up my knees , parting them a little so that he could see my sex clearly . 
 `` i know what i want for my birthday now , '' i told him . 
 i began to touch my sex as i spoke , looking down at the wet folds as i did so . 
 `` no , '' he said , obviously reading my intent . 
 `` we ca n't do that , lana . 
 it 's completely inappropriate . '' 
 i pouted at him . 
 `` you did n't even let me finish . 
 do n't you want to hear what i was going to say ? '' 
 he shook his head , his jaw clenched . 
 stubborn man . 
 i looked down again at myself as i pushed a finger inside . 
 `` do you think my p ** sy is pretty , akira ? '' 
 i asked , wanting to shock him and turn him on with the crude language . 
 `` i know men are supposed to love them , but i do n't think mine 's very cute . 
 do you think it is ? '' 
 his face looked in danger of turning purple , but he could n't seem to look away from what i was doing with my hand . 
 i stood , shrugging out of my shirt . 
 it had n't been covering anything anyway . 
 `` i was going to say , before you rudely interrupted me , that i wanted you to kiss me . 
 just a kiss . 
 i want you to be my first . '' 
 i approached him as i spoke , and he sat up straight to watch me . 
 i walked until i bumped into his chest , my legs straddling one of his . 
 my br ** sts were dangerously close to his face . 
 i brushed them against him , once , twice . 
 `` will you be my first kiss , akira ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 he did n't answer . 
 i straddled his legs , my knees digging into his soft couch . 
 i tightened them on his h * ps as i leaned forward to kiss him . 
 i grabbed his hair as i did so , and he did n't stop me , still frozen in place . 
 i rubbed against him like a kitten , groaning , and he finally reacted , gripping my hair and kissing me back . 
 he tasted divine , and his mean lips were so soft against mine . 
 i felt such an aching emptiness at my core , and i wanted so badly for him to be inside of me , to fill that emptiness . 
 i rubbed my sex against his hard length until we both moaned . 
 the kiss went on and on , and i was more than ready for the next step when i finally pulled back . 
 `` thank you , '' i told him , panting . 
 `` that was exactly how i dreamed my first kiss would be . 
 now i want you to make love to me . '' 
 as i spoke , i brought his hands up to my aching br ** sts , and he kneaded at the pliant flesh , his eyes intense . 
 i loved watching his dark hands against my skin , the contrast so beautiful to me . 
 abruptly , his hands left me , and he pushed me back up to my feet with hard hands on my hips . 
 `` we ca n't do this , lana . 
 this is wrong , '' he told me , his voice harsh and labored . 
 i propped my foot up beside his hip , giving him a hell of a view in my micro-mini skirt . 
 i gripped one of his hands , slipping it between my legs to touch me . 
 he did n't resist me , immediately beginning to touch me just how i craved , his fingers skillful in their soft exploration . 
 `` i 'm eighteen today , akira . 
 there 's no reason why you ca n't take me now . '' 
 he had a hard finger pushed inside of me , just the tip , as he spoke in a breathless voice . 
 `` there are a million reasons , the first of which is that you deserve better than me , lana . 
 you 're made of too fine of stuff for the likes of me . 
 and i respect your father . 
 he 's trusted me to spend countless hours with you , over the years . 
 i 'm positive that he would n't approve of me doing this with you . '' 
 as he spoke , i wiggled against his big finger , ignoring all of those reasons out of hand . 
 they were ridiculous , to me . 
 i was an adult today , and i would do what i wanted . 
 i pushed down on his finger , and he worked it deeper , groaning as he did so . 
 `` you 're too tight , lana . 
 i would hurt you . '' 
 he pulled his shorts down , exposing his engorged member . 
 `` look at it , lana . 
 i 'm too big to take a virgin . 
 especially a tiny little thing like you . '' 
 i thought his description of me was ludicrous . 
 i was thin , but saw myself as tall and gawky , by no means tiny . 
 but i did kind of like him thinking of me that way . 
 despite all of his protests , he was still working that wonderful finger into me , deeper and deeper , until he reached a barrier . 
 he tested it , rather thoroughly , before he seemed to understand what it was . 
 he cursed fluently , but did n't remove that thick finger . 
 `` that 's your f ** king hymen , '' he said , his eyelids heavy . 
 i leaned my br ** sts into his face , rubbing a hard nipple against those soft , mean lips . 
 he took it into his mouth , sucking on it with a sexy groan . 
 `` pleasure me , akira . 
 please . 
 i want you to make me come . 
 you can do it with just your fingers and your mouth , right ? 
 would that gross you out , to use your mouth on my p ** sy ? 
 do you think it 's ugly ? '' 
 he made a hot little noise of protest , his finger moving inside of me , working in and out of me in tiny little strokes . 
 `` no , baby , your p ** sy is so f ** king pretty . 
 i would love to get my mouth on you . 
 it 's the prettiest f ** king thing i 've ever seen . '' 
 i wanted to giggle at the ridiculous thing i 'd gotten him to say , but my breath caught in my throat . 
 i still loved to tease him , even while we were doing this . 
 i gripped his hair as he suckled at my br ** sts . 
 `` what about my br ** sts ? 
 do you think my br ** sts are pretty ? '' 
 he moaned . 
 `` baby , every inch of you is impossibly gorgeous , and i know you know it , you little minx . '' 
 `` i do n't know it unless you tell me , akira . 
 i 've only ever cared what you think . 
 i do n't care about anybody else . '' 
 `` well , you 're beautiful , lana . 
 painfully so . '' 
 he stroked me with that finger , bringing his other hand to my sex and rubbing circles on just the perfect little spot . 
 so that 's my clit , i thought as my gaze started to go fuzzy with the pleasure of it . 
 his fingers were doing just the perfect things , and he brought me to the sweetest cli ** x. i panted his name softly . 
 he had me on my back on the couch , his face buried between my legs before i even knew his intent . 
 i nearly screamed in shock at the pleasure of it . 
 he licked and sucked and used those wonderful hands to bring me to another mind-blowing orgasm . 
 after that , he worked on me slowly , kissing and licking and stroking all over my body , finally coming up to my mouth for a long kiss . 
 i groaned as i tasted myself in his mouth . 
 `` i need you inside of me , akira , '' i said , when he finally pulled back . 
 he shook his head , his mouth tight , his eyes pained . 
 `` i 'm a bastard for doing this much , lana . 
 i do n't deserve to lay even a finger on your perfect skin . '' 
 i reached down , gripping his impressive length and working him free of of his shorts . 
 our eyes were locked as i spoke . 
 `` i 'm eighteen , and i 'm determined that i do n't want to be a virgin anymore . 
 i went on the pill two months ago . 
 would you rather it be you to take my virginity , or do you want me to give it to some jerk i meet at college ? 
 maybe i 'll give it up at a frat party . 
 would you prefer that , or would you rather bury this beautiful c * ck inside of me tonight . 
 i 'll let you pick . '' 
 he groaned , and i knew instantly which option he 'd chosen . 
 he held my thighs wide apart with his hands , lining himself up at my entrance , his eyes intense and hungry . 
 `` last chance to change your mind , lana , '' he said on a gasp . 
 i reached down to stroke him , trying to tug him inside of me . 
 he began to push in with a harsh groan . 
 he worked himself in agonizingly slowly , inch by hard inch , feeding that magnificent length into me with his hand . 
 he stopped when he 'd reached that barrier . 
 his breathing was ragged . 
 `` this is going to hurt . 
 i 'm sorry ; it 's unavoidable . 
 i need to rip this barrier . 
 it will only hurt like this the first time , okay ? '' 
 i just nodded , wanting him deeper inside of me , no matter the pain . 
 he propped himself on both elbows above me , tensing his entire body in preparation . 
 he thrust in hard , sinking to the hilt with the force . 
 he shuddered as he paused inside of me , waiting for me to get used to the fullness . 
 it had hurt a lot , but it still felt good , too . 
 i was so achy and needy for him , and had wanted this for so long , that the pain seemed like a little thing when compared to the joy i felt at finally having him inside of me . 
 he brought a hand between us , circling my cl * t with his thumb . 
 i began to writhe . 
 `` you 're so f ** king tight that i 'm going to embarrass myself , baby . 
 i want you with me when i come , '' he whispered . 
 his sexy words , combined with all of the wonderful things he was doing to me , made me pant with my building orgasm . 
 he began to thrust , big , heavy thrusts that went on and on , his finger still working on me . 
 he kept going until i began to clench around him with another glorious orgasm . 
 `` yes , '' he grunted as he began to shudder and come himself . 
 `` oh , yes , lana . '' 
 after we 'd recovered , he carried me up to his bed , tending to me and holding me . 
 we spent the night together , and it was the best night of my life . 
 he made love to me , over and over again , worshipping my body with his . 
 the spell was n't broken until morning , when he was thrusting inside of me yet again . 
 he had used me so thoroughly that i was deliciously sore , each movement reminding me of how much he 'd enjoyed my body . 
 he brought me to cli ** x first , before he let himself go . 
 `` i love you , akira , '' i said to him as he lay on top of me when we 'd finished . 
 my voice was quiet , but sure . 
 `` i always have , and i always will . 
 i want to be with you forever . 
 i do n't want anyone else . '' 
 he stiffened at my words , immediately taking his weight off me and sitting up on the side of the bed , his back to me , his legs on the floor . 
 `` that 's not possible , lana , '' he said , his tone very final . 
 my heart stopped in my chest , my mind racing . 
 `` you said you and milena had broken up , '' i said , my voice sounding accusatory . 
 he turned to look at me , his features anguished and severe . 
 `` we are . 
 this has nothing to do with milena . 
 this has to do with you . 
 you have the world at your feet . 
 and you 're still so young . 
 you ca n't possibly know what you want , at your age . 
 you need to go to college . 
 you need to go experience life and see the world . 
 you 're unbearably beautiful , and smart , and your family 's wealth means that the sky is the limit for you . 
 you have an amazing life ahead of you , and i would never dream of being the thing that stood in your way . 
 this ca n't be anything more than what it was , lana . 
 it was an incredible night , you were incredible , but i wo n't tie you to this rock . 
 i 'm not that selfish . '' 
 his tone was kind , even tender , but all i heard was a rejection . 
 in just a few short minutes , he had stomped all of my dreams of a happy life into dust . 
 i was a little numb that morning as i showered , dressed , and left his house . 
 he hovered over me , studying me with worried eyes as i prepared to leave . 
 `` are you okay , lana ? '' 
 he asked , his voice concerned . 
 but he did n't touch me , not once . 
 he did n't correct his clear rejection , or take it back . 
 and he never even came close to saying that he loved me , too . 
 i left his house with a broken heart . 
 i galvanized myself into professing myself to him one more time , going to his bar that afternoon . 
 i would hate myself if i did n't give it my best shot . 
 i could n't just give up on the thing that i 'd always wanted . 
 i never even got a chance to speak to him again . 
 i was told by the bartender that he was in his office . 
 i went to the employees only section of the bar without asking . 
 no one paid me any mind . 
 they were all used to me doing as i pleased , since i had dogged akira 's every step for years now , going wherever i wanted whenever i pleased . 
 i nearly barged into his office before i heard the voices nearly shouting inside . 
 the door was open just a crack , and i peeked inside . 
 milena was pressed against akira , his hand in her hair . 
 they were embracing , though they were talking , not kissing , as it at first appeared . 
 it was still a clear embrace , though . 
 `` do n't lie to me . 
 i saw that little piece of jailbait leaving your house this morning ! 
 i 'll kill her ! '' 
 milena was saying to him , her voice low and mean . 
 `` leave her alone , milena . 
 it is n't what it looked like . 
 lana is just a family friend with an inconvenient infatuation . 
 just leave her alone , k ? '' 
 his voice was earnest and pleading . 
 i backed away from the doorway , my hand flying to my chest . 
 he 's still involved with milena , i realized in horror . 
 i had shamelessly seduced him , not taking no for an answer , but he had n't wanted me . 
 he was clearly concerned that he might lose the one that he really cared about , going by the earnest note in his voice . 
 if he did lose her , it would be my fault . 
 he must hate me , i realized , so disgusted with myself that i wanted to be sick . 
 i was just a family friend with an inconvenient infatuation , he 'd said . 
 i walked away on leaden feet , feeling sick down to my soul . 
 i flew off the island that night . 
 i did n't return for eight long , desolate years . 
 chapter eleven the staff at the hospital recognized us both on sight . 
 my family was well known on the island , and akira was , well , akira . 
 he was a local legend . 
 we got the local treatment , a nurse taking me back immediately and cleaning off my cuts in short order , akira hovering at my back the entire time . 
 `` she got you good , '' the nurse said as she checked over the cuts very carefully . 
 she was a local , a short , heavy-set woman with a friendly face and a long black braid running down her back . 
 `` but it 'll heal up in a few days . 
 you do n't need stitches or nothin ' . '' 
 she grinned suddenly . 
 `` word is you won . 
 good job . 
 milena beat up my cousin a few months ago , and for no good reason . 
 i hate that crazy bitch . '' 
 word traveled fast on the island , apparently . 
 i could n't help it . 
 i grinned back proudly . 
 `` i tried not to resort to fighting like a girl , but you got ta do what you got ta do . '' 
 akira tugged on a lock of my hair . 
 it was a reprimand , i knew . 
 the woman threw back her head and laughed . 
 `` that 's a good one . '' 
 we were in and out of the hospital within a half an hour , thanks to the local treatment . 
 `` just be sure to avoid any sitting water , and the ocean of course , until those cuts close up good , '' the nurse instructed . 
 that killed my good mood . 
 i had wanted so badly to go surfing again in the morning . 
 i was sullen as akira pulled me by the hand out of the hospital and to his car . 
 `` can we go to your house ? '' 
 i asked him as he pulled out of the parking lot . 
 i was a little worried that he would drop me off at the resort . 
 he did n't look at me as he grimaced . 
 `` tutu and mari will torture me for at least a month if we do n't swing back by the shops and show them that your arm got patched up fine . '' 
 `` and then can we can go to your house ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he sent me a searching look . 
 `` yeah , '' he said . 
 i felt a wave of relief . 
 i had been worried that , after the drama-filled night , he would n't want to spend any more time with me . 
 i considered what to do the next day , since we could n't go in the ocean . 
 i sighed heavily . 
 `` i guess i need to work all day tomorrow . 
 since i ca n't surf , and i 'm already hopelessly behind on my schedule . 
 i 'll need to start really early , i suppose . '' 
 he glanced at me , his eyes almost sad . 
 `` please , do n't . 
 spend the day with me , '' he said . 
 it was a simple request , uttered in his gentlest tone , and nothing on earth could have made me refuse him . 
 `` i never could say no to you , '' i told him , revealing my vulnerability . 
 it was n't as though i 'd ever been able to hide it . 
 he gave me a wicked grin at that . 
 `` i 'll be taking advantage of that . 
 you might regret telling me that . '' 
 i sighed , my chest hurting a little . 
 `` never . 
 i 'd be happy if you wanted anything from me , anything at all . 
 it 's always been that way , akira . 
 you must know that there 's nothing i would n't do just to make you smile . '' 
 `` oh , lana , '' akira said , stroking a hand over my hair , his eyes sorrowful . 
 i wondered if he looked so sad because my heart was in my eyes , and in my voice , and he felt bad that he could never return those kinds of feelings , not for me . 
 we were silent for the last few minutes of the drive , both of us lost in our own thoughts . 
 he opened my door , holding out a hand to help me out . 
 he had me pinned to the side of the car in a flash , his mouth on mine in a hard , passionate kiss . 
 he did n't pull back for long minutes . 
 i pressed up against him , snaking my arms around his back to squeeze his butt . 
 he jumped a little , but did n't stop me , so i took full advantage , gripping him to me , and caressing that perfect butt at my leisure . 
 when he finally ended the kiss , i protested . 
 he just kissed the top of my head , pulling me towards the bar . 
 `` i 've been dying to kiss you all afternoon , '' he told me . 
 i was both floored and thrilled by his words . 
 only the bar remained open , so mari and tutu had taken up residence there , since their own establishments were closed for the night . 
 mari started humming the theme to rocky loudly when we walked in the door . 
 tutu joined in , showing the room her impressive shadow boxing techniques in accompaniment . 
 their little show of support had me laughing until tears ran down my face . 
 they had the entire room joining in , even eliciting a rare , loud , carefree laugh from akira . 
 tutu and mari were in such rare form that we ended up sitting at the bar and talking with them for four hours , catching up and joking and just talking like we used to . 
 it was like old times , and i had missed old times . 
 akira sat in a barstool beside his female relatives , but when i went to take the seat beside him , he 'd just pulled me tight against him . 
 i stayed in his arms for the joy-filled evening , soaking him in as i leaned against him , his arms tight around me . 
 when it became clear that we were n't going anywhere anytime soon , he stood , tugging me into the chair , but resuming a similar hold on me from behind , but with him standing . 
 he was affectionate and cuddly , stroking my hair , and bending down to kiss the top of my head often . 
 his actions seemed to make tutu and mari giddy with excitement . 
 they kept elbowing each other , huge smiles on their faces every time he kissed my head . 
 he did n't seem to care what they had assumed by the way he was acting , so i did n't let it trouble me either . 
 if he wanted to touch me , i wanted to be touched . 
 tutu was well into her cups when she began to get truly outrageous . 
 she pointed an accusatory finger at me . 
 `` are you on the pill ? '' 
 she asked , her tone low and mean . 
 i nodded , laughing as she clutched at her heart , shuddering . 
 `` that will make you barren . 
 it 's a fact . 
 get off those pills immediately . 
 it might already be too late . 
 let me see your purse . '' 
 someone from the resort had delivered my red handbag , and i 'd stashed it under the stool , but i shook my head . 
 the bag was at my feet , and she dove for it , bouncing back spryly when she had a good grip on it . 
 i just laughed , wondering what she was doing . 
 she dug through it , fishing out my packet of birth control pills almost immediately . 
 my eyes widened . 
 what was she up to now ? 
 `` um , i need those , tutu . 
 what on earth are you doing ? '' 
 she shook her head stubbornly , pursed her lips , and took off for the bathroom , running like she was sixteen instead of sixty . 
 i turned in akira 's arms , giving him a baffled look . 
 `` akira , that was my birth control . 
 this is bad . '' 
 he just shrugged , looking way too unconcerned about the whole thing . 
 i got up with a sigh , intending to follow crazy tutu . 
 mari sent me a strange look , as though she thought i was crazy , and akira pushed me back into the stool , wrapping those massive arms around me tightly . 
 `` you do n't want to be alone with tutu in a small space when she 's in a mood like this , lana . 
 trust me . 
 the pills can be replaced . '' 
 i sighed , supposing he was right . 
 tutu returned shortly , rubbing her hands together and cackling as she stepped out of the bathroom , the pills obviously absent . 
 `` has she gotten even crazier ? '' 
 i asked her children , my tone idle . 
 they both just made noises of noncommittal . 
 `` you can thank me later , since i 'm feeling generous , '' was the first thing she said as she rejoined us . 
 i snorted loudly . 
 she rubbed her hands together . 
 `` mari and i will plan the wedding . 
 it will be outside , and the weather will be perfect . '' 
 her tone implied that she had some control over that . 
 i turned and gave akira a pointed look . 
 `` you want to set her straight ? 
 do n't you think this is a bit much ? '' 
 i asked him quietly . 
 he just shrugged , smirking . 
 `` why bother ? 
 let her have her fun . '' 
 i thought it might be time to leave , since the place had officially turned into crazy town . 
 i told mari as much . 
 she just gave me an arch look . 
 `` and how crazy are you , pretty girl , that you did n't know it 's been crazy town all along ? '' 
 that made me laugh , and lightened the mood , the conversation , too . 
 i was shocked when i checked the time and saw that it was nearly two a.m. `` how late do you guys normally stay up ? 
 it is way past my bedtime . '' 
 `` do n't you know it 's friday night ? '' 
 tutu asked . 
 `` i wo n't leave until they kick me out . '' 
 mari gave me a level stare . 
 `` she 's not joking . '' 
 `` say goodnight to lana . 
 i 'm taking her home , '' akira said , hearing my comments . 
 both women protested , but hugged me goodbye . 
 `` i 'll set up a spa day for the day after tomorrow . 
 does that sound good ? '' 
 i asked them . 
 they both nodded enthusiastically . 
 i heard tutu 's last comment as we were walking out the door . 
 `` he 's going to keep her in bed all day tomorrow . '' 
 she had projected her voice loudly , as though telling the entire bar . 
 i was still laughing as akira pulled me to his car . 
 chapter twelve he was serious on the drive to his house . 
 `` you need to be careful of milena . 
 it 's hard to know what she 's capable of . 
 you got the better of her that time , but she is usually a better fighter than that . 
 i 've seen it . 
 i think she was just so mad that she forgot how to fight . 
 if you see her out in public , you need to walk away . 
 i do n't want you getting hurt . 
 she 'll have twice as much to prove now . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i 'll be gone soon enough . 
 i doubt i 'll run into her . '' 
 he gave me a hooded glance out of the corner of his eye , his gaze returning quickly to the road . 
 `` are you so anxious to leave us again ? '' 
 he asked , his voice very quiet . 
 i did n't answer , stewing for a while . 
 i decided i did n't owe him an answer . 
 not for a question like that . 
 his hand went to the back of my head , gripping my hair tightly . 
 i sent him a surprised glance , but his face was closed off , his eyes on the road as he pulled left onto the private drive that led to his house . 
 he started kissing me as soon as he opened my door , pushing me against the side of his car . 
 he yanked up my skirt , lifting me against him . 
 i wrapped my legs around his waist , and he groaned . 
 it was a sound of approval from deep in his throat . 
 he used the weight of his h * ps to push me high against the car , and used both hands to pull the top of my dress down . 
 he dragged his heavy arousal against me all the while , making me moan . 
 we were in his driveway , in full view of his neighbors , if they cared to look , but i could n't bring myself to care , not even a little . 
 even it if had been broad daylight out instead of two-thirty in the morning , i doubted i would have turned him down . 
 i had always been his for the taking . 
 anytime , anywhere . 
 `` you said you could never tell me no , '' he said roughly , unclasping the front closure of my bra . 
 my only response was a moan as he kneaded at the heavy globes . 
 he shrugged out of his own dress shirt , ripping more buttons than he ended up unbuttoning in his hurry . 
 he shifted me away from the car , melding our bare chests together . 
 `` did you mean it , when you said that ? '' 
 i felt his hand working below me , and then his bared erection was pressing against me . 
 he shifted aside the tiny scrap of lace that served as his only barrier , poising himself at my entrance in a flash . 
 he worked into me with his hands on my hips , my passage already slick enough to ease his progress . 
 he buried himself to the hilt , but did n't begin to thrust right away , instead holding himself there , so impossibly deep inside of me . 
 he used both of his arms to hug me securely against him as he began to walk , moving to his front door now that he 'd buried himself inside of me . 
 i was lost , each step sending excruciating waves of pleasure straight to my core . 
 my thighs were wrapped tightly around his hips . 
 when he used one hand to unlock his front door , i rubbed against him , dragging my n ** ples against his chest , my sex clenching him as i wiggled against him . 
 he moaned , ramming into me hard with the same motion he used to shut the front door behind us . 
 he pulled out of me with excruciating slowness , ramming back in much harder and faster , then pulling out slowly again , dragging his thick c * ck against all of the right spots . 
 `` faster , akira , i want you to f ** k me hard and fast , '' i told him on a ragged breath . 
 i wanted to drive him crazy . 
 it worked . 
 he grabbed my h * ps and rocked into me . 
 he pounded me against the closed door like his life depended on it , my nails raking his back as i screamed his name . 
 it was almost painful , with his huge girth , but i still loved it . 
 `` this is paradise . 
 you took my paradise with you when you left , lana , '' he rasped into my ear . 
 the words drove me over the edge , and i shouted his name as i came . 
 he followed , burying his face into my neck as he shuddered against me . 
 he surprised me by biting my neck as the shudders eased . 
 i yelped in surprise . 
 `` i 'm going to wring so many orgasms out of you that you 'll be too exhausted to even think about leaving this rock , '' he growled into my ear . 
 i laughed , feeling almost drunk from the aftershocks of the powerful orgasm . 
 `` you 're welcome to try , '' i murmured back . 
 he pulled out of me slowly , making us both groan in the process . 
 he shifted me around until i was cradled against his chest . 
 his look was a warning . 
 `` baby , i wo n't be trying . 
 i 'll be doing . '' 
 i made a contented little noise , burrowing my face into his chest . 
 he stroked my hair , the tender gesture belying the mean look on his face . 
 he laid me on his bed , pulling my clothes off with swift , economical motions . 
 i just lay where he left me , feeling a little boneless as he disappeared into his bathroom . 
 i heard a bath running and a moment later , he was back striding towards me , completely nude . 
 i drank in the sight of his perfect body as he moved . 
 i sighed a little dreamily . 
 `` you 're magnificent , '' i told him . 
 it was a fact . 
 he smirked at me , bending to pick me up . 
 `` look who 's talking , '' he said with a grunt , flipping me onto his shoulder . 
 he squeezed my butt as he carried me into the bathroom . 
 he was much gentler as he lowered me into the scorching hot water . 
 he turned back to grab something on the counter , and i got a full , unencumbered view of his perky butt . 
 i made an appreciative little , `` mmmmm , '' at the sight . 
 he threw a grin over his shoulder . 
 `` you always were obsessed with my butt . 
 i could n't go out in public without being stalked when you were in high school . 
 you did love to talk about my ass . 
 do you have any idea how embarrassing it is for a grown man to get his ass ogled by high school girls every time he goes out in public ? '' 
 i laughed until tears streamed down my cheeks , because it was n't an exaggeration , and i had simply adored tormenting him with my little schemes back then . 
 the old memories warmed me . 
 i had made a point to tell just about anyone who would listen just how unparalleled his ass was , and my high school friends had been paying attention . 
 all of our eyes had followed akira whenever we had been lucky enough to catch a glimpse of him coming or going . 
 he joined me in the steaming water , and we washed each other with lingering touches . 
 i straddled him so i could wash his thick hair . 
 he kissed me , and i could feel him growing hard against me . 
 i shifted , trying to work him inside of me , but he pulled back . 
 `` i want you in bed , '' he told me , rising . 
 we dried off , and he tugged me to the bed , pushing me onto my back , and moving over me . 
 he brought our faces close together . 
 he watched me , his expression almost wary . 
 we stared at each other for a long time before he cupped my face in his big hands . 
 `` do n't leave us again , lana , '' he whispered roughly . 
 `` do n't leave me . 
 stay . 
 please . '' 
 i shook my head , not understanding , not even letting myself hope that he meant what i longed for him to . 
 `` why , akira ? '' 
 `` because i was wrong . 
 i thought i was doing the right thing when i told you to leave the first time , but i was so wrong . 
 i thought you 'd see the world and that your infatuation with me would evaporate . 
 i thought you were too young and inexperienced to see that . 
 but you were right . 
 i was the one that was blind . 
 i loved you then . 
 i adored the ground you walked on , and nothing has changed . 
 i knew i would n't stop loving you , but i was wrong to doubt you , wrong to think that your feelings would change . 
 i 've been consoling myself for so long with the idea that even if i was miserable without you , at least you were happy out there somewhere . 
 and now that i know that 's not the case , i ca n't bear the thought of you leaving me again . '' 
 my heart twisted painfully in my chest . 
 it was hard to imagine that something i had wanted for so long would just suddenly appear before me . 
 it felt surreal , and i just stared at him dumbly for a few long moments . 
 `` what about the things you said to milena back then ? 
 about me being a family friend with an inconvenient infatuation ? 
 why would you say that if it was n't true ? '' 
 `` it 's the only way i could think of to manage her . 
 we were broken up , and she was threatening to hurt you . 
 i knew her threats were n't idle . 
 i 've seen her do some pretty awful things , and i could n't think of another way to stop her from hurting you . '' 
 `` i thought you 'd forgotten me , '' he continued , `` until some of your friends stopped by to see me . 
 james and bianca painted a different picture for me , and when i realized that you had n't forgotten about me , i contacted your father . 
 he did n't know that i intended to get you to stay when i talked him into getting you to come to maui . 
 in fact , i feel like a bastard for manipulating him , knowing that he probably wo n't be pleased to know that you and i are ... '' i shook my head . 
 akira had never understood how highly my father regarded him . 
 he was like another son to my father , but akira had always been too blind to see it . 
 `` i love you , lana , and i want you to stay . 
 you said you could never say no to me , and i intend to hold you to that . 
 marry me . '' 
 he had n't made it a question , as though he just could n't quite do it , and that made me smile even through my tears . 
 he wiped the tears away as i nodded tremulously . 
 `` yes , '' i said , my heart filling with joy . 
 i had n't been lying . 
 i was literally incapable of telling him no . 
 he smiled , moving against me , and the relief in his face let me know just how much he 'd feared my refusal . 
 `` i love you , '' i said breathlessly , as he pushed himself inside of me . 
 `` good , '' he murmured roughly , `` because i 'm keeping you forever . '' 
 `` i 'm planning our wedding , not tutu and mari , '' i told him some time later . 
 he was folded against my back , his hand stroking my hip idly , while we caught up . 
 he kissed the side of my head . 
 `` it 's cute that you think that . 
 let me know how it works out for you . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` you do n't think i can go toe to toe with your mother and win ? '' 
 `` i do n't think anyone can . '' 
 `` we 'll just see about that . '' 
 chapter thirteen in the end , it was a compromise . 
 tutu wanted to plan the wedding in two weeks . 
 i wanted two months . 
 we settled on one . 
 i wanted a smaller ceremony , with family and our closest friends . 
 tutu thought it was completely rude not to invite the entire island . 
 she was closer to winning that one than i was , though i insisted on a ceremony on the beach at my family 's villa , and i got my way there . 
 i made my dear friend bianca fly in a week before the wedding . 
 since she 'd retired from being a flight attendant to be a painter full-time , we 'd taken to calling each other nearly every day . 
 i 'd been helping her plan her own wedding , and i thought that it was only fair that she become equally involved in my own special day . 
 james , her ridiculously possessive fiance , could n't join her for several days , and i picked her up myself from the airport for some one-on-one girl time . 
 well , as one-on-one as we could get , since she had a full-time bodyguard that tried to follow her everywhere . 
 considering that she 'd been shot just a few months ago , i could n't completely blame her crazy future husband for going to such lengths . 
 two men had died in the attack , and she , her bestie , and her bodyguard had all been shot . 
 i had heard about the whole thing after the fact , when she was in the hospital . 
 i thought of how worried i 'd been when i heard about the tragic incident . 
 they 'd known she would live by the time i learned of the attack , but i 'd rushed to her side , completely distraught . 
 i could n't even imagine how james must have felt . 
 we hugged . 
 she tried to pull away first , but i held on tight . 
 `` thank you so much for coming , '' i said into her good ear . 
 `` i know it must have been a fight . 
 is james still having a hard time letting you out of his sight ? '' 
 she laughed , and i pulled back to look at her . 
 her hair nearly covered the quarter-sized , pink scar back near her jaw . 
 it still made me want to cry every time i saw it . 
 not because it looked that bad , but because i 'd heard the story of how it had happened , and the thought that we had come so close to losing her was still a tender wound for me . 
 the scar got to me , but bianca seemed completely over it . 
 she did n't try to hide it , or show it off . 
 it was as though she 'd already forgotten about it . 
 even the hearing aid that she 'd had to adopt did n't seem to affect her , and i 'd only heard her complain one time about the fact that she had n't been able to eat solid food for over a month after the attack . 
 i 'd made a comment once about the fact that a traumatizing incident that would have defeated most people seemed to have barely affected her . 
 `` we were so lucky that it 's hard to sweat the small stuff anymore , '' she 'd responded with her little shrug . 
 she was just like that , weathering storms in that quiet way of hers . 
 she fascinated and impressed me in so many ways , because she was both one of the most soft-spoken , and one of the strongest women that i 'd ever met . 
 `` jackie tried to come with me , '' she told me , as we walked to my car . 
 `` i had to put my foot down . 
 i wanted some time with just the two of us , but i guarantee she 'll be here within two days . '' 
 i smiled . 
 i could tell by her tone that jackie was growing on her . 
 `` and how many days do you think james and stephan will stay away ? '' 
 she pursed her lips , taking the question more seriously than i 'd intended . 
 `` i predict they 'll come together , and if they do n't show up by tomorrow , i 'll be surprised . 
 i actually think that stephan will be the one to egg james on , because james is afraid he 's been too smothering since the attack , and stephan would never think of it that way . 
 the only girls ' time we 're guaranteed is today , most likely , so what should we do before my boys crash the party ? '' 
 i laughed at her matter-of-fact tone . 
 she did n't sound a bit put-out about it , either , which was good , because i could n't imagine james becoming less possessive of her time in the near or distant future . 
 `` well , we need to stop by for a last dress fitting . 
 it should n't take too long , so how about an afternoon at the spa ? '' 
 `` sounds like a plan , '' she said easily . 
 we met mari at the bridal shop . 
 she was my maid-of-honor , and bianca was a bridesmaid , but it was the first time the two of them had met . 
 i was relieved but unsurprised when they got along right off the bat . 
 neither were the type to cause drama . 
 i tried on my short silk wedding dress , pleased with the fit . 
 it was a simple design , and perfect for the beach . 
 i could n't have been happier with how it had turned out . 
 it hugged my curves in a flattering way , showing my legs off to advantage . 
 mari and bianca tried on their light blue silk dresses . 
 they were designed very similarly to my wedding dress , and both of the stunning women were suited to the look , if in very different ways . 
 `` have the other bridesmaids pay me a visit as soon as they get into town , '' the dressmaker told me as we left . 
 the fitting had n't taken more than a half an hour . 
 `` the sooner the better . '' 
 i nodded that i would . 
 sophia and jackie were n't due in town for three more days , but i would pass the message along . 
 we spent a long , lazy afternoon at the spa , mari joining us as we caught up on every little thing . 
 tutu showed up within an hour of our arrival , and bianca and i good-naturedly gave up on a day of one-on-one time . 
 there was plenty of time for that later , when we were n't in the midst of wedding madness . 
 i could tell right away that tutu liked bianca , but that she liked messing with her , too . 
 `` you are n't another tall blonde woman that 's here to steal our local men , are you ? '' 
 tutu asked bianca with a glare , as we had our toes done . 
 `` around here , we smack the nerve right out of white girls for doing that . '' 
 bianca was n't intimidated , as tutu had been expecting . 
 instead , she threw her head back and laughed . 
 she pointed at tutu , still smiling . 
 `` i 've heard all about you , tutu . 
 lana warned me that you might call me a haole and give me a hard time . 
 i 'm ready for you . 
 but you do n't have to worry about me stealing any men . 
 i 'm engaged , and he 's not a local , though when you get a look at him , you 'll still probably want to smack me . '' 
 tutu grinned back at her . 
 `` you 're another sassy blonde girl . 
 i like that . '' 
 i was relieved . 
 when tutu decided to dislike somebody , things got a little too interesting . 
 i could only hope that she would n't take exception to any of my other bridesmaids . 
 bianca was staying with me at my family estate , since it was the location of the wedding , and there was plenty of room for all of the mainland bridesmaids and groomsmen . 
 akira and i had n't even considered the idea of sleeping separately until the wedding , so he was staying there with me , as well . 
 he met us the second we all came , laughing , through the front door of the villa . 
 he was smiling . 
 i quickly saw why as two men appeared behind him . 
 stephan did n't hesitate , striding forward with a smile to embrace a startled bianca , and then me . 
 he politely introduced himself to mari and tutu while i glanced at james , who was still hanging back , studying bianca with a wary look . 
 i glanced at her . 
 she looked a little surprised , but not unhappy , that she 'd been followed . 
 as though he could n't help himself , james moved to her , crushing her against him as he said something into her ear that had her blushing profusely as he pulled back . 
 `` and how are you , lana ? '' 
 james asked , looking towards me with a grin . 
 i grinned back , knowing the part he 'd played in my own personal bliss . 
 `` as well as you could expect , considering that i have the best friends in the world . '' 
 jackie and camden , and parker and sophia all showed up two days later , my parents a day after that . 
 watching my father with akira did something very good for my soul , especially with everything on the table as it now was . 
 my father greeted akira before he even gave me , his favorite little girl , so much as a glance . 
 i did n't feel slighted , and i was n't the least bit worried about his approval . 
 he , like me , had only ever seen the good in akira . 
 the two men embraced , and i saw that my father said something into akira 's ear that had the huge man looking suspiciously watery eyed . 
 i had n't heard my father 's words , but i did hear akira 's clear , quiet response . 
 `` thank you , sir . 
 that means the world to me . '' 
 my dad was in his fifties , but still a very handsome man . 
 camden and i both took after our mother in looks , but i thought that we 'd both have been fine taking after him , too . 
 our dad was tall and elegantly built , with silver hair and warm brown eyes that at that moment somehow reminded me of akira . 
 he had the warmest , most enchanting smile , and it enchanted me more than ever when he turned it on akira . 
 `` call me dad , '' i heard him say quietly to akira , and i just about lost it . 
 i had to fight not to burst into sappy tears , at the dumbfounded , grateful look on akira 's face . 
 i asked akira later what my father had said into his ear . 
 he clenched his jaw , and i could see that he had to struggle not to get choked up at just the memory . 
 `` he told me , ` about damn time , son . ' 
 i did n't expect him to approve . '' 
 `` i know , '' i told him , giving him a tight hug . 
 `` which is silly . 
 he thinks the world of you , you know . 
 he always has . '' 
 `` i do n't feel worthy . 
 of either of you . '' 
 i squeezed him tighter . 
 `` well , you 're just going to have to get over that . 
 we 're all family now . 
 all we can hope is that tutu does n't try to box my dad 's ears at the wedding . '' 
 i was n't really worried about that possibility , but if i was just a touch worried , i need n't have been . 
 when tutu and my father finally met again , face to face , they embraced for so long , whispering into each other 's ears , that my ravishingly beautiful mother had begun to shoot them some rather disgruntled looks . 
 that was ridiculous , of course , because when they pulled back i saw the tears in tutu 's eyes . 
 after all these years , she had finally thanked him for all he had done to mentor her son . 
 i could tell by the look on my dad 's face that it had been worth the wait . 
 as tutu had predicted , the day of the wedding dawned sunny and picture perfect , and she took full credit for it . 
 tutu wore light blue to match the bridesmaids for pictures , and she fussed over me as i dressed for the beach ceremony . 
 i could n't help taunting her a little as she worked on straightening the lei around my neck , her lips pursed . 
 `` i told you so , tutu , '' i told her quietly , with a smug little grin . 
 it felt smug , but a happy kind of smug . 
 her eyes shot up to mine , one sassy brow shooting straight for the sky . 
 `` what do you mean by that ? '' 
 `` i told you years ago that i would marry akira , and you told me it would never happen . '' 
 she snorted . 
 `` silly girl . 
 this was all my idea , the whole time . 
 i was using reverse psychology on you , and you fell for it . 
 you 're welcome . '' 
 i laughed so hard that i had to have my eye makeup redone . 
 we had a short ceremony on the beach at sunset , with less than a hundred guests in attendance . 
 we watched each other as we said our vows . 
 akira 's face was stoic , but i could see the strong emotion in his eyes , and i was certain that he could read the adoration in mine . 
 i 'd spent a little time regretting all of the years we could have been together , if i had just been brave enough to come back sooner , or if he had just been bold enough to contact me , but i felt at peace even with that , as i looked with clarity at the good years ahead of us . 
 i knew that we would never take each other for granted , or fail to appreciate what we had . 
 our time apart had been painful , but it had forever assured us of that . 
 akira gave me the biggest grin as we were announced man and wife . 
 he looked breathtaking , his hair pulled back to show off his starkly handsome face , dressed in white , with a maile lei draped over his strong shoulders . 
 we had only invited about one hundred close friends and family to the beach ceremony , but the reception/wild party was a whole different story . 
 there was only a short list of people on the island that were n't invited . 
 the family estate was opened up and equipped for a hell of a party . 
 in a completely uncharacteristic move for me , i made no attempts to be a good hostess . 
 i did n't greet all the guests , and i did n't make the rounds to mingle , or to share my time . 
 i left that to ... whoever . 
 i knew my mother , father , my devilish brother , camden , or hell , even jackie , could take over those duties . 
 this was supposed to be my day , and so i took that literally , doing the only thing i wanted to do . 
 akira and i danced , for hours and hours . 
 we completely monopolized each other , stopping occasionally to chat and catch up with friends and family , but my goal was to spend as much of the magical night in akira 's arms , and i thought i succeeded admirably . 
 we were n't the only love-struck couple i caught mooning over each other that night . 
 james and bianca did much the same , dancing and sharing positively indecent looks for most of the night . 
 the party lasted into the next day , and we were dancing barefoot on the beach , out of sight from our guests , as streaks of dawn light began to color the sky . 
 music from the party drifted to us . 
 we were far enough away that we only caught bits and pieces of it , barely enough to keep rhythm . 
 akira sprawled out on the sand at my feet suddenly , smiling up at me , as happy and carefree as i 'd ever seen him . 
 `` have you heard of the hawaiian custom of wedding night beach sex ? '' 
 i gave him a rueful smile . 
 i was long past the days of falling for all of the local custom shenanigans . 
 generally , any sentence that began with , ` have you heard of the hawaiian custom ? ' 
 ended with a prank . 
 `` no , i have n't . 
 and it 's past the wedding night . 
 i 'd say it 's officially morning now . '' 
 `` that 's what i meant . 
 wedding morning beach sex . 
 it 's a well-known fact in these parts that if you have wedding morning beach sex you 'll both live to be a hundred , at least . '' 
 `` technically , yesterday was our wedding morning . 
 today is the next morning . '' 
 i broke off , giggling , as he tickled me until i fell on top of him . 
 `` i think you 're missing my point , '' he told me with a grin , still tickling me mercilessly . 
 `` what 's your point ? '' 
 i gasped , trying in vain to tickle him back . 
 `` we need to make love on this beach right now if we want to grow really , really old together . '' 
 he let up tickling my waist , burying his hands in my hair to kiss me . 
 i was straddling him by the end of that long kiss . 
 i pulled back to smile into his eyes . 
 `` well , as long as it 's really , really old , '' i murmured , resealing my lips over his . 
