 chapter one rain splattered on the windshield of the cab in globs . 
 each splash sounded like a rock . 
 i was used to nasty storms from living in texas for so long , but it made the people who never left new york cringe . 
 the cabbie was an oversized man with pasty skin and too much hair . 
 he had a dark ball cap pulled down low , concealing his face . 
 as we drove into the storm , he pushed his hat farther back , as if ball caps hindered vision . 
 the man was leaning forward , practically pressing his face against the windshield . 
 we drove east in silence . 
 he did n't try to make small talk , and i was glad about that . 
 this homecoming was n't something i wanted to discuss . 
 i still did n't want to be here , but there was nowhere left to go . 
 the car pulled off the expressway , and after a few turns , the cab rolled down a narrow street in port jeff . 
 through the rain , porch lights blazed promising warmth inside the rows of homes . 
 `` here we are , '' the cabbie stated with complete indifference . 
 as he told me the total , he wrote something on a clipboard , and tossed it back onto the front seat next to him . 
 hesitating for a moment , i looked up at the brown brick facade and swallowed . 
 maybe this was n't a good idea . 
 i 'd left long island over ten years ago , and , although i missed it , i had never wanted to come back . 
 yet , here i was . 
 the cabbie cleared his throat , waiting . 
 i blinked once , pushing away the doubt that crawled up my spine , and dug into my purse . 
 it pained me to hand him the last of my money , but i did . 
 he grumbled something , expecting me to be cheap because i looked like a drowned rat , but i said , `` keep the change . '' 
 `` sure thing , princess . 
 i 'll buy a new yacht to park next to the other one . '' 
 the man laughed . 
 he sounded like a llama choking on a shoe . 
 fine . 
 it was n't a big tip , but it was all i had . 
 i got the clear impression he did n't think little miss texas should be wandering around big bad new york , like some redneck yokel who just discovered shoes . 
 ignoring him , i slid off the seat . 
 kicking open the door , rain splattered down and i was instantly wetter . 
 i did n't think that was possible . 
 i had one bag with me and two others in the trunk . 
 drops of freezing rain ran down my neck and into my coat making me shiver . 
 i 'd forgotten how different men acted here . 
 they did n't hold doors or help girls with their bags . 
 after i ran around to the back of the cab , i grabbed my suitcases and slammed the trunk shut . 
 as the red taillights faded into the darkness , the front door of 6a opened . 
 a young woman with long dark hair ran down the porch stairs and straight at me . 
 `` abby ! '' 
 in two bounds she was across the puddles , hugging me like i 'd never left . 
 `` hey , kate , '' i hugged her back . 
 she did n't seem to care that i was sopping wet , and now , so was she . 
 holding my shoulders in her hands , she examined me under the street light . 
 her eyes were still vibrant , and every ounce as green as i remembered . 
 `` i ca n't believe it 's been so long since i 've seen you , '' kate said grinning , shaking her head . 
 `` i have no idea why you ran away and failed to tell your best friend about it , but i would have traded anything to get to see you again . 
 and now you 're here ! '' 
 she hugged me again . 
 i was n't much of a hugger , and neither was she , but she was right . 
 with the way i 'd left , i did n't expect such a warm reception . 
 `` come on , let 's go inside . 
 i have a spiked hot cocoa with your name on it . '' 
 she reached for my bags , and then made a beeline for the front door with me on her heels . 
 _________ kate did n't know why i 'd left , and i never told her . 
 it was complicated . 
 as i stepped over the threshold , i glanced around her apartment . 
 it was warm and clean , decorated like an art gallery with beautiful artwork on the walls . 
 the room was peaceful , painted with soft blues and browns-not like the girl with the bright orange bedroom she had when we were younger . 
 kate seemed to have gotten over her fascination with neon colors . 
 pushing her dripping hair out of her face , kate said , `` come on . 
 i 'll show you your room , and then we can catch up . '' 
 following kate 's path of puddles , i walked between the living room and kitchen to a back hallway . 
 the apartment was larger than it appeared from the street . 
 after passing a bathroom , i stopped in the doorway of a bedroom . 
 kate grabbed my bags from me , putting them under a window and throwing towels on the floor in front of them to soak up the water . 
 `` and this , miss abigail tyndale , will be your residence for as long as you like . '' 
 `` it 'll only be a year , kate . 
 i 'll go as soon as i can . 
 i do n't want to burden you . '' 
 i felt horrible having to do this in the first place , and she was being so nice . 
 kate was the same selfless person from a decade ago . 
 i bet she still dragged half dead cats off the street and took them to the vet , happily footing their medical bills and finding them a new home . 
 kate folded her arms over her chest , and hung her head . 
 `` you 're gon na run again , are n't you ? 
 first chance you get , you 'll head for the hills and go back to no-mans land . '' 
 it was a statement . 
 an obvious observation . 
 a dark tendril of hair clung to kate 's cheek , water dripping down her face like tears . 
 her green eyes were on me , wanting an answer . 
 no one willingly ran to no-mans land . 
 i sure did n't and standing there with her , it felt like i 'd never left . 
 it felt like i had my best friend back , and i missed her . 
 no one took her place in all the time i was gone . 
 she was the kind of person who did n't say what you wanted to hear-she said what you needed to hear . 
 friends like her were rare . 
 i smiled at her , `` this is n't my home anymore . 
 i do n't belong here . '' 
 my moist clothing clung to me like wet toilet paper . 
 i repressed a shiver . 
 a hot shower really sounded divine . 
 `` you belong with your family , '' she stated , stubbornly . 
 i wondered if she 'd heard-if she knew . 
 one night , several years ago , my parents were driving back from dinner and never got home . 
 they were hit , head on , by a car going 90 miles per hour . 
 everything shattered . 
 there was nothing left . 
 no chance for survival . 
 no chance to say good-bye . 
 `` they 're all dead , kate . 
 i 'm alone , '' i said softly staring at her . 
 she smiled sadly at me , `` i know abby , but that was n't what i meant . 
 your friends are your family now . 
 you 're not alone , unless you choose to be . '' 
 as she left my room , she said over her shoulder , `` it 's time to stop running . '' 
 chapter two the door clicked shut . 
 there was truth in her words , truth that i did n't want to hear . 
 after a hot shower , i donned a pair of sweats and headed out to the living room . 
 the plastic soles of my slippers made me sound like a water-buffalo traipsing through the apartment . 
 the wooden floors did n't conceal much noise , although the dark wood looked nice . 
 kate was in the kitchen , standing by the stove , with a kettle in her hand . 
 she beamed when she saw me . 
 `` choose your poison , cinnamon schnapps or something stronger ? '' 
 kate had changed her water-logged clothing too and was wearing a pair of boxers and a tank top . 
 her damp hair was pulled back into a pony tail . 
 sitting on the couch , i pulled my legs in tight . 
 `` no schnapps , kate . 
 just plain cocoa . '' 
 she arched an eyebrow at me , the bottle pausing before she poured it into my cup . 
 `` seriously ? 
 no alcohol ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` part of the vows-alcohol is only used in rituals . '' 
 if kate 's eyebrows climbed any higher , they 'd be in her ponytail . 
 i laughed , `` i 'm fine , kate . 
 it does n't have to be spiked . '' 
 `` it should be , '' she mumbled , carrying over two oversized cups . 
 handing me one , she sat down across from the sofa on a large suede chair . 
 after taking a sip she asked , `` so , this must be rough . '' 
 i nodded once , not meeting her eyes . 
 `` how long were you working there ? '' 
 i sipped my drink , not looking up , `` since i started seminary , so twelve years or so . '' 
 the mug felt warm against my hands . 
 i wished she 'd talk about something else , but my mind was drawing a blank . 
 it was like i could n't think of a single thing to derail her questions . 
 `` what was your job ? '' 
 she asked carefully . 
 `` preacher . 
 minister . 
 the normal churchy kind of stuff . '' 
 taking another sip , i looked up at her . 
 i knew what she wanted to ask me , but i did n't want to talk about it . 
 not yet , anyway . 
 her legs were pulled sideways , mirroring mine . 
 she was leaning on her left arm , steaming mug in her right hand . 
 `` that sounds nice . '' 
 she was trying to be sweet . 
 nice was the last word for what it was . 
 if dante had a version of hell with pictograms , i think the gun-wielding cow folk would have been around level four . 
 at first i adored them , like crazy old coots , but the longer i was there the more i saw that they thought i was the nutty one . 
 i nodded again . 
 kate looked at her mug and blurted out the dreaded question . 
 `` so what 'd you do ? '' 
 kate 's green eyes were wide , a grin on her face . 
 `` i have to ask . 
 it 's killing me , abby . 
 for the past decade i 'm lucky if i 've heard from you twice . 
 and then all of a sudden you get tossed on your ass-by a church ! 
 did you curse them out from the pulpit ? 
 or what ? '' 
 i cringed . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 she knew i had issues controlling my tongue . 
 before i headed south and signed on the clergy dotted line , i swore like a sailor . 
 spewing profanity from the pulpit was a normal occurrence for me , although the words they blanched at were words like ` crap ' and ` hell . ' 
 really , hell is a noun . 
 they should have gotten over that , but that was n't what got me banished . 
 i hedged , `` kate , i really do n't want to rehash it . 
 i did something bad-something that should have gotten me fired-but they said that they 'd keep me if i took a mandatory sabbatical . '' 
 there it was . 
 the statement i practiced on the plane flying up here . 
 `` so a year of vacation-that 's not that bad , right ? '' 
 she sipped from her mug , green eyes peering at me . 
 i laughed , trying to defuse the tension i felt building in my shoulders . 
 i was mad , angry . 
 this was n't fair , but it 's the way things were . 
 i had to deal with it . 
 i said , `` if that 's what they did , it would have been fine . 
 but they did n't . '' 
 i hesitated . 
 talking about this just made me more emotional . 
 i walked into this mess . 
 i brought it on myself and now i was homeless . 
 i decided to tell her more . 
 it was kate , and i doubt she 'd condemn me for what i did , although i would n't specify exactly what-not yet . 
 `` the church board said it was a year in the desert-they would n't pay my salary-and that if i wanted to remain employed , that i had to do this . '' 
 `` so , basically you were tossed out on your ass with no money ? '' 
 kate 's expression was surprised . 
 `` that does n't sound like a churchy thing for them to do . '' 
 i nodded , `` yeah , but it 's actually much worse . '' 
 my stomach sank . 
 this was the kicker and it was my own damn fault . 
 `` how could it possibly be worse ? '' 
 her jaw was hanging open , her mug tilted precariously to the side , its contents threatening to spill onto the floor . 
 to kate , bad was a finding a mugger in the bathroom stall , and what i was about to tell her would set her on full attack . 
 i just hoped i would n't get blasted when i told her how stupid i was . 
 this was the biggest mistake i ever made , aside from getting almost-fired . 
 avoiding her gaze , i explained , `` they hired me while i was in college . 
 i was working on a ministry degree and i could have been an assistant minster somewhere , maybe with youth or something . 
 but this church wanted me as their one and only minister . 
 they wanted me to do seminary . 
 it was three years of grad work on top of the student loans i already had . 
 i said i could n't afford it , but we reached an agreement ... '' kate groaned , `` oh no . 
 tell me you did n't . '' 
 my throat tightened . 
 i stared into my cocoa . 
 i was stupid . 
 while most kids had some debt from school that followed them around like a puppy , stealing their meager wages , making it harder to survive , i had a freaking walrus . 
 it sat on me , it squashed me , and made my life a living hell . 
 i thought kate 's parents were deranged lunatics . 
 they were anti-credit card . 
 i ca n't imagine the bitch-slap her mom would give me if i admitted to my walrus-sized loans . 
 pressing my lips together , i nodded , `` i did . 
 i took out more loans to pay for grad school . 
 the way my contract with the church was worded , it said that they would pay off my debt as part of my salary . '' 
 it did n't seem like a bad idea at the time , and i really did n't know the difference between ten dollars and ten grand . 
 apparently the lenders know that stuff . 
 so did the church board . 
 kate closed her eyes , shaking her head , immediately catching on , `` and since they are n't giving you a salary for this entire year ... '' `` i have to repay my astronomical student loans on my own . '' 
 i ran my fingers through my hair , practically pulling it out . 
 there were so many major mistakes , and they were all super-sized . 
 `` i do n't know what to do , kate . 
 the church provided the parsonage . 
 they gave me enough money to pay my bills and eat . 
 it was n't enough to save anything . 
 i was lucky that i had enough money to get here . 
 when i told them that , they said the lilies of the field do n't worry about tomorrow and neither should i . 
 what am i supposed to ? 
 if you had n't taken me in , i 'd have nowhere to go . '' 
 they screwed me . 
 my church , the people i dedicated my life to , completely and totally screwed me . 
 they wrote this off as a learning experience that would make me stronger . 
 they broke their word about making sure my loans were paid every month without a second thought . 
 fury flamed to life inside of me . 
 my fingers ran through my hair as that nauseating sense of desperation crawled up my throat again . 
 it felt like i was being choked , but nothing was there . 
 hanging my head , i pressed my eyes closed , fighting to hold back the tears that were building behind my eyes . 
 kate tapped the side of her cup , thinking , `` okay , let 's not freak out , yet . 
 we need to address the loans first . 
 you have a place to stay and you do n't have to worry about food , either . '' 
 she grinned , `` i 'm an awesome cook . 
 no more spaghetti-os for you ! '' 
 glancing up at her , head in my hands , i could n't find the smile within me . 
 i felt crushed , like some huge ogre stepped on me , smashing me flat . 
 `` okay , let 's see . 
 i did n't do the loan thing . 
 my parents thought debt was the devil 's doing . 
 but loan companies have options in case of emergencies , deferments to make repayment easier if there 's a crisis . 
 abby , have you filed for a deferment ? 
 i bet you could claim financial hardship and they 'd give you a year or more before demanding another payment . '' 
 i shook my head , `` i do n't have anymore . 
 we used them all . '' 
 `` we ? '' 
 she asked , her mouth gaping like a fish . 
 i cringed . 
 it sounded utterly stupid now that i was explaining it to someone else . 
 sitting back in my chair , i looked up at her . 
 `` the board . 
 they asked me to use all my deferments before they began repayment . 
 i did n't think they 'd toss me , so i used them ... oh my god , kate . '' 
 my eyes were wide . 
 i did n't see how screwed i was until right then . 
 before saying it out loud , it had been an abstract thought of screwed-ness , drifting aimlessly through my mind . 
 but now that i 'd said it , it solidified and fell to my toes like a lead pancake . 
 kate leaned forward , putting her mug down , her game face on . 
 `` the past is the past , abby . 
 you ca n't change it . 
 the only thing to do is try and come up with enough money to pay it . 
 it ca n't be that much , right ? 
 what is it ? 
 a couple hundred bucks a month ? 
 that 's doable . 
 a minimum wage job would do that-you could work part-time and you 'll be totally fine . '' 
 i shook my head and a tangle of reddish brown hair tumbled forward , freeing itself from my ponytail . 
 `` it 's $ 3275 per month . '' 
 i tucked the wayward strands behind my ear , saying the number completely numb . 
 it was so astronomical that i should have been a doctor . 
 kate 's jaw dropped so wide that i could see every tooth in her head . 
 `` holy fuck ! 
 how much do you owe ? '' 
 `` just over $ 270,000 . '' 
 kate sat there stunned , recognizing the walrus . 
 i sat there like the dumb-ass that i was , shaking my head , pressing my finger tips to my temples . 
 `` i need a job . 
 i need a good job , fast . '' 
 if i kept saying it , maybe i would n't freak out . 
 kate came to her senses . 
 she blinked those bright green eyes , as she shook the shock away , `` abby , what 's mine is yours . 
 i 'll help you as much as i can . 
 do n't worry about rent or groceries . 
 i 'll take care of that for a while . '' 
 she shook her head , `` damn , that 's a lot of debt . 
 you need at least four grand to pay that , otherwise you wo n't have enough money after taxes . 
 the market sucks here right now . 
 and your degree does n't help you . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i tried to find work in texas , before i left , but even down there in god 's country i 'm useless . 
 no one wants a minister around when they are n't at church . '' 
 they told me some crap about not wanting god looking over their shoulders at work . 
 that stuff was for sunday , as if they could lock god in the church building . 
 kate frowned , `` what else have you done since high school ? '' 
 i did n't answer . 
 my brain reached back trying to think of something unrelated to my ministry degrees . 
 kate straightened in her seat , an idea spreading across her face , `` ooh ! 
 what about art ? 
 tell me you took some college art classes . '' 
 before i could answer she bounded down the hallway and came back holding a newspaper . 
 she flicked through the pages . 
 `` yeah , '' i said slowly , watching her flip through the thin newsprint , `` i took some art history , photography , and a painting class-but they were all electives with an emphasis on religious art . '' 
 she snorted , `` of course they were , '' she glared at me from over the top of the paper , `` but you are n't going to tell anyone else that , unless they ask . 
 got it ? 
 besides , most early art was religious anyway . 
 it wo n't matter . '' 
 `` kate , '' i began to protest , but stopped when she slammed the paper down in front of me . 
 her narrow finger pointed toward an article that said local muesum opens soon . 
 i stared at the paper , but could n't fathom what she was suggesting . 
 `` clue me in , kate . 
 what are you thinking ? '' 
 `` well , a few weeks ago someone called moma looking for a new curator , and it was this place ! '' 
 she pointed to the paper again . 
 `` i was the one who took the call . 
 abby , they 're brand new , so they ca n't afford a seasoned professional-they need someone like you . 
 odds are it 'll pay your loans and maybe give you a little pocket change . 
 in other words , it 's a crap job that no one can live off of unless they have an awesome roommate like me ! '' 
 she beamed . 
 `` plus , a reference from moma ca n't hurt . 
 i 'll call her first thing tomorrow . '' 
 for the first time in days , i smiled and laughed . 
 maybe things would work out after all . 
 chapter three or maybe not . 
 my heart sank , clunking into the bottom of my shoes as the dreaded words poured out of the woman 's mouth , `` the position has been filled . '' 
 the girl at the desk informed me before i even finished saying my name . 
 the vastness of the empty room seemed to make her voice louder . 
 `` it was earlier today , actually . 
 i 'm sorry , dear . 
 i tried to get hold of you , but there was no cell number . '' 
 my shoulders slumped slightly , though i tried to hide it . 
 kate had spent the morning on the phone to get me this interview . 
 there was no way i could afford a cell phone , so i did n't have one . 
 apparently kate 's recommendation was n't enough to overcome the preacher thing . 
 i smiled softly at her , `` thank you for trying . 
 i really appreciate it . '' 
 as i turned to leave , she called out , `` hon ! '' 
 i stopped and turned back to face her . 
 she was scrawling something on a notepad . 
 the museum was closed , so she was wearing jeans and a tee shirt . 
 plaster was splattered across her lap . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 i stopped , as she crossed the room quickly . 
 `` listen , i heard that the galleria needs help . 
 it 's not a museum , but it 's an art job . 
 `` the galleria ? '' 
 i asked , looking at the paper she handed me . 
 `` yeah , it 's not too far from here . 
 it 's on the south shore in the hamptons . 
 some rich guy owns it . 
 that job 'll get snapped up fast . 
 if i were you , i 'd head over there right now . '' 
 she smiled at me . 
 her kindness floored me . 
 i stood there for a moment before i found my voice . 
 `` thank you . 
 thank you so much ! '' 
 i looked at the address as i slipped back inside kate 's car . 
 she worked at the museum of modern art , otherwise known as moma , and said i could use her car . 
 she worked crazy hours and said she would n't miss it . 
 the maps of long island that i had in my head were old , but i thought i knew where the address that the woman handed me was located . 
 i did n't have a cell phone , and kate 's car was too old to have gps . 
 i looked at the address again , wondering if i should go-if i could pull off a job interview when i did n't even know what the job was . 
 i was flying by the seat of my pants and hating every moment of it . 
 that choking sensation climbed out of my belly again , threatening my sanity . 
 without a job i 'd lose everything i worked so hard on for the past ten years . 
 my credit would be trashed , student loan collectors would harass me to no end , and my contract with the church would be violated . 
 i did n't think anything of it at the time , requiring a person to keep their credit in good standing seemed like a reasonable part of a job . 
 however , since they were the ones that caused the financial distress , it hardly seemed fair now . 
 glancing in the rearview mirror , i pulled out . 
 how hard would it be to fake my way through an interview ? 
 anyway , i was already dressed . 
 no point in giving up , not yet . 
 where there 's a will , there 's a way-and other crap like that sputtered through my mind . 
 what was the worst that could happen ? 
 without hesitation , i drove directly to the address on the paper . 
 my jaw nearly fell off my face when i pulled up . 
 it was a large studio and art gallery-and it was beachfront property-on the most expensive part of long island . 
 the official name was jonathan gray fine art and galleria . 
 it was in carved golden letters on a blue sign in front of the door . 
 stepping from my car , i hurried up the front walk , noticing the white sand . 
 the sound of the ocean crashing into the shore filled my ears . 
 when i pulled open the door , several women who were dressed far better than me sat waiting in a poshly decorated room . 
 confidently , i walked to the desk , although i felt lacking when i saw the other women 's clothing . 
 their skirts and blouses hugged their bodies as if the garments were custom made . 
 i was wearing my texas target dress with a white collared shirt underneath . 
 holy crap . 
 i looked like a sunday school teacher , or a nun in her street clothes . 
 these were the wrong clothes for a place like this , but it was too late to do anything about it now . 
 the receptionist smiled wanly at me and handed me a clipboard . 
 `` you 're late , '' she scolded . 
 `` i should n't even let you in , but since they have n't started the first round yet , i 'll make an exception . 
 fill out your paperwork quickly . 
 mr. gray does n't have all day . '' 
 i nodded , smiling , and sat down next to a breathing barbie doll . 
 she arched a perfectly plucked brow at me , no doubt questioning my black frock and clunky shoes . 
 ignoring her , i filled out my paperwork . 
 my heart raced a little bit . 
 i did n't realize how much i wanted this , but i did . 
 i missed doing creative things ; i missed the challenge of it . 
 and the job description plastered across the top of the papers made me giddy . 
 i would be a gallery assistant . 
 the salary was stated with an additional commission on each sale . 
 i 'd easily be able to pay my loans on time , and not mooch off of kate . 
 hope swelled in my chest . 
 it took two hours for them to call my name . 
 i was the last candidate . 
 i followed the receptionist into a large room . 
 there were several floor-to-ceiling windows that overlooked the ocean . 
 my eyes went straight to the windows , staring at the sea . 
 i did n't realize how much i missed it . 
 `` miss tyndale , '' a man 's voice called me back to reality . 
 he held out a chair for me before moving around the long empty table to the other side . 
 `` i 'm gus peck . 
 i 'll be conducting your interview . 
 as you know we are a prestigious art studio . 
 jonathan gray 's works sell for a premium to affluent clientele . 
 are you comfortable working with the wealthy ? '' 
 smiling , i leaned forward , `` yes . 
 i 've worked with many different people in the past . 
 some were difficult , but that was only because they demanded the best . 
 other personalities may have seemed easier to deal with at first , but they proved harder to assist . '' 
 was that a good answer ? 
 interviewing for church jobs was very different . 
 there was a fine line between telling them what they wanted to hear and what i really thought . 
 everyone was on best behavior , asking questions that usually did n't matter , but gus ' question seemed rather practical . 
 it threw my footing off a little bit , as did his reply . 
 `` how 's that ? '' 
 gus asked , jotting down things on a yellow notepad as i spoke , his eyes not lifting to meet mine . 
 how is that , abby ? 
 i was totally making stuff up , pulling answers out of the air on the fly . 
 explaining my rationale , i replied , `` well , the difficult people came across that way because they were demanding , but demanding people know what they want . 
 they have clear expectations and expect them to be met . '' 
 gus stopped scribbling and looked up at me as i continued , `` it can be intimidating if you have n't dealt with them before . 
 but the easy-going people are actually harder to help , because they usually do n't know what they need . 
 it takes more patience and time to assist them . '' 
 my back was straight and i noticed that i was sitting on the edge of my seat . 
 i tried to relax a little , to appear more confident . 
 i wanted this job so much . 
 it would fix everything . 
 i smiled softly , noticing my accent seemed fuddled . 
 i did n't sound like a new yorker anymore , but i did n't sound texan either . 
 gus nodded , `` hmm . 
 interesting observation . '' 
 i looked at him , slightly intimidated . 
 the man was in his early thirties , blonde hair and blue eyes . 
 he looked like a cover model for gq , holding my application in his hands . 
 his eyes scanned it again . 
 when he was done , he looked over the top of my papers and pointed his pen at me , `` you get points for not giving cookie-cutter answers , miss tyndale , but you have no previous sales experience . 
 it says here that you were a minister ... in texas ? '' 
 the man looked at me like i was insane . 
 as soon as i answered that question , this job interview was over . 
 before i could speak a voice came from the shadows at the end of the room . 
 `` so , that 's where you went ? 
 texas . '' 
 that voice . 
 it made my stomach flip . 
 my body was instantly covered in goose bumps , every hair standing on end . 
 something inside my chest ached when he spoke . 
 although i had n't heard it in years , i recognized his warm playful tone instantly . 
 i 'd know him anywhere . 
 my pulse quickened and i suddenly felt much more nervous than i had a moment ago . 
 jaw hanging open , i turned and stared at him like he was a ghost . 
 `` jack ? '' 
 chapter four leaning against the doorjamb stood jack gray , and he was every bit as beautiful as he was the last time i saw him . 
 dark jeans clung to his trim waist and a black v-neck tee shirt showcased sculpted muscles beneath . 
 his arms were folded over his chest , his head tilted to the side , dark hair spilling into his blue eyes . 
 my pulse ratcheted up a few more notches . 
 i was nervous before , but jack made me a million times worse . 
 a swarm of butterflies erupted in my stomach , rendering me speechless and stealing my brains . 
 butterfly bastards . 
 jack 's soft blue eyes slid over my face , surprised . 
 `` long time , abby . '' 
 his lips were set into a thin line , his jaw tight . 
 the tension in his shoulders said he was n't happy to see me . 
 pushing himself off the door , he strolled across the room . 
 a pair of chuck 's , covered in paint , adorned on his feet . 
 my heart jumped into my throat . 
 jack did n't look the way i remembered him , he looked better . 
 it was like my mind had downplayed his looks to trick me into thinking i made him up . 
 voice still stolen by winged creatures wisping through my insides , i remained silent , with my eyes way too big for my body . 
 dark hair hung in his eyes as he looked down at my information . 
 he pointed to something that gus had written . 
 `` this is interesting . '' 
 gus responded , `` would you like to take over , boss ? '' 
 the way he addressed jack surprised me . 
 by comparison , it looked like jack should be gus ' assistant or office boy . 
 he was dressed so casually while gus was dressed like a businessman , suit and all . 
 my eyebrows shot up on my face , my hands clutched tightly in my lap , `` boss ? '' 
 oh , there 's my voice . 
 think , abby , think ! 
 jack 's the boss . 
 what does that mean for me ? 
 the fat walrus in my brain said it meant i was screwed . 
 damn it ! 
 gus nodded , glancing up at jack , then back at me . 
 `` miss tyndale , this is jonathan gray . 
 he 's the artist and the owner . '' 
 my face felt hot . 
 `` oh , i did n't realize ... '' of course not . 
 why would i realize jack was the owner ? 
 i could n't fathom why or how that was possible until gus added , `` jonathan gray is his penname , a pseudonym . 
 few people still know him as jack gray . 
 as he became more successful his name became problematic-jack gray sounds like vodka , not an ambitious painter . '' 
 gus crinkled his nose and i was guessing he preferred a bottle of wine to a bottle of jack . 
 i stared , shocked , as he spoke . 
 if the sign had said jack gray , i would have never opened the door . 
 oh , holy hell . 
 now what ? 
 i wanted the job , but i wanted to get out of there too . 
 my face felt hot . 
 think abby , think ! 
 jack sat down across from me , his perfect body settling into the leather chair , his eyes locking with mine . 
 `` what brings you back to new york , abby ? '' 
 we 'd been friends , once . 
 but i left , and had n't spoken to him since . 
 actually , he was part of the reason i ran and did n't look back . 
 nerves caught up with me and i realized that i was gripping my hands so hard they 'd gone numb . 
 releasing them , i decided to be frank . 
 the job would still fix things , and i still wanted it , even if it meant dealing with jack . 
 `` i need a job , jack . 
 someone told me to try here , so i 'm here . '' 
 it took every ounce of control i had to maintain the lock on his eyes . 
 i wanted to look away . 
 there was something about him-there always was-it was like he could see straight through me . 
 jack leaned back in his chair , running his fingers through his dark hair . 
 he let out a breath and sat up straight , pulling my papers in front of him on the table . 
 as he read , he touched his fingers to his lips , `` you may have a knack for dealing with people , abby , but this job requires sales skills that you do n't have . '' 
 still watching me , he said , `` i 'll give you the job right now , if you can tell me how to sell a patron a 2.3 million dollar painting . 
 it 's the least expensive in my collection . '' 
 someone must have sucked all the air out of the room , because i could n't breathe , `` million ? '' 
 i knew i should n't have asked , but i had to . 
 this was jack , for godsakes ! 
 the boy that dabbled in paint . 
 but he was more now . 
 a famous artist i did n't know . 
 and the reason that i did n't know was because i did n't talk to anyone we went to school with . 
 i did n't go to our high school reunions . 
 i did n't do facebook or twitter . 
 i 'd fallen off the grid , partly to get away from this boy who was now a successful man . 
 jack nodded , and steepled his fingers . 
 head tilted , he said , `` i 'm serious . 
 how would you sell it , ab ? '' 
 gus watched the exchange , smart enough not to interfere . 
 the room was charged with emotion from the moment jack entered . 
 i had no idea what jack was thinking . 
 his posture said he did n't care , not anymore , but his eyes said something entirely different . 
 that blue gaze was dark , the tiny specs of light extinguished by god-knew-what . 
 gus leaned back in his chair , his pointer fingers resting against his chin . 
 he tapped it periodically as his eyes shifted between us . 
 i stared at jack for a moment , waiting for an answer to come to me , but it did n't . 
 i did n't know how to do sales . 
 thoughts spilled into my head , things i could have tried to make into a reasonable attempt to sound like i knew what i was talking about , but i did n't know . 
 my stomach sank . 
 whatever was between us at one point was now one-sided because jack sat there cooly gazing at me . 
 once upon a time , he would have realized how much i was squirming inside and put me out of my misery . 
 but not now . 
 twisting my hands , i confessed , `` i 'm not sure . '' 
 my voice was quiet as i looked past jack to the sea . 
 the steady sound of waves crashing on the beach was nostalgic . 
 jack saw my eyes look past him at the water on the other side of the window . 
 he knew how much i loved the beach . 
 `` when was the last time you were home ? '' 
 he asked . 
 my gaze drifted back to his face , avoiding his eyes . 
 pushing a stray hair out of my face , i said , `` have n't been . 
 i left and did n't plan on coming back . 
 but things changed , and , well , i got here last night . 
 today i 'm sitting in front of you asking for a job that i need , and want , but ca n't possibly get . '' 
 what was i saying ? 
 i cringed inside . 
 there was this bravado in my voice mixed with something else i could n't identify . 
 i had blurted out what i honestly thought with no expectations from jack . 
 his voice was deep , surprised , `` a job you want ? 
 you really want to do sales ? '' 
 risking another glance at his deep blue eyes i noticed the trail of dark stubble on his cheeks . 
 he was beautiful . 
 my stomach twisted as he looked at me . 
 i nodded . 
 i wanted this job . 
 it would fix everything . 
 the expression on jack 's face led me to believe he might give it to me , but i was wrong . 
 looking away , he said , `` the right answer is that you sell an expensive painting the same way you would sell any other work ... '' his hands rubbed his face , `` how can i give you this position when there are others that are way more qualified ? 
 i 'm sorry abby , but this wo n't work out . '' 
 my teeth had taken hold of my bottom lip . 
 i should have known as much . 
 begging jack for a job was bad enough . 
 he had a way of making me melt and do stupid things that i would n't have normally done . 
 that was the way he was back then-and it only seemed to have intensified with age . 
 humiliated , i stood , `` thank you for your consideration . 
 i 'll show myself out . '' 
 as i swung my purse over my shoulder , i walked to the door . 
 i was so screwed . 
 my mind warped into hyper-drive as panic shot through my brain yipping like a freaked-out chihuahua . 
 i was going to die , eaten by the walrus . 
 the noise of a chair moving behind me caught my ear , but i figured it was just jack leaving . 
 i did n't expect him to lunge in front of me , stopping me in my tracks . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 he laughed , throwing his body in front of me so i could n't walk through the door . 
 his silky dark hair fell in his eyes . 
 the smile melted that cold expression he was giving me before . 
 my heart lurched at the sight of it . 
 it took me a minute to realize he wanted me to stop . 
 i 'm kind of thick sometimes . 
 hands up in the universal sign for stop went right over my head , so he threw himself in front of me . 
 `` abby , i said you could n't have that job . 
 you 'd suck at it . '' 
 i frowned without meaning to . 
 he smiled in response , his eyes bright and wistful , `` i have something better , and it suits you perfectly . 
 follow me . '' 
 taken aback , i blinked . 
 what did he say ? 
 he had another job ? 
 turning , i quickly followed him from the room . 
 mind reeling , i wondered what job he thought i could do , and wondered exactly how irritated he was with me . 
 irritated was n't the right word , but i half expected him to hand me a toilet brush . 
 it was n't until gus yelled after him that i thought he might have another real job . 
 gus called out , running his fingers through his perfect hair , `` jack , we need to discuss this . '' 
 `` later , gus . 
 it 's my call this time . 
 you picked the last one ! '' 
 before jack finished talking he was out the door . 
 i practically ran to keep up . 
 we walked around the exterior of the building . 
 the wind blew gently , taking my long hair and whipping it into my eyes . 
 chapter five jack turned back to me , `` that 's the main building where everyone else works , but over here-this is where the magic happens , '' he grinned at me . 
 we 'd reached a building that was attached on the side , concealed by sand dunes and tall grass . 
 the long sleek lines of the upper section of the building blended into the sister structure next to it . 
 when jack threw open the doors , i walked through and entered his studio . 
 my lips parted as i stared . 
 it was huge . 
 no , huge was an understatement . 
 the room looked like an airplane hangar , minus the planes . 
 camera equipment was suspended from the ceiling , canvases bigger than my house lined the walls , and more canvas was on the floor , thickly coated in paint . 
 next to it was a board with photographs of a woman pinned to it . 
 i stared harder , trying to see , but i was too far away . 
 jack moved around me , careful not to touch me as he passed , asking , `` do you know what i 'm famous for , abby ? 
 do you know why people pay millions for my work ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 there were no finished pieces in sight , and i had n't seen any on the way in . 
 jack beamed , his beauty amplified in this setting . 
 he explained , `` it 's part innovation and part seduction . 
 people crave something that is sensual , that reveals the inner workings of the human mind , and i give them that . '' 
 he grinned , `` and the rest was luck . 
 i was in the right place at the right time . '' 
 looking around i said , `` i do n't understand . 
 are these the finished paintings ? '' 
 maybe he was a minimalist selling blank canvases on stretchers with pretty frames . 
 `` no , '' he breathed , staring at me , watching my reaction carefully . 
 i stood in front of a large bay of windows ; the light spilling through behind me . 
 his eyes lingered a beat too long before moving to a curtain that spanned across the back wall . 
 `` this is one of my finished works . '' 
 clasping the curtain in his hand , jack slid it back . 
 as he revealed more and more of the painting , i found myself walking toward it , eyes growing steadily wider , lips parting further and further . 
 it was evocative and alluring , sensual . 
 it was a myriad of contradictions and promises-a moving story told in paint . 
 there was an abstract quality to the work , but not so much that i could n't tell what it was . 
 the painting was of a woman , her form captured in wide brush strokes of soft color . 
 the curve of her figure , the expression on her face , and the long hair that drifted down her back made me stare at it . 
 sensual was the tame word to describe what he painted . 
 it was raw emotion and full ecstasy , captured on canvas . 
 i could n't breathe . 
 my face felt hot . 
 i was certain my cheeks were burning . 
 `` jack , this is ... '' i searched for the right word , but could n't find one . 
 stepping closer , i shook my head whispering , `` carnal , raw , evocative , and ... sexy as hell . '' 
 my eyes were locked on the painting , on this vision of beauty that he created . 
 when did jack learn to do this ? 
 his hands were behind his back . 
 jack was smiling , watching me , standing next to me . 
 `` cursing preacher ? '' 
 i shrugged , not looking away from the painting , `` i never really had a tame tongue . '' 
 `` i remember , '' he said softly . 
 `` that mouth of yours used to get you in trouble . 
 frequently . '' 
 my eyes were wide when i turned and looked at him . 
 the expression on his face only deepened my blush . 
 he was genuinely amused , watching my eyes devour his painting like i could n't get enough . 
 `` preacher girl , i think you like naughty art , '' he laughed , a dimple showing as his smiled deepened . 
 trying to defend myself , i said , `` it 's not naughty . 
 it 's ... '' but he did n't let me finish . 
 `` then why are you beat-red ? '' 
 he laughed , `` it 's kind of cute . 
 i have n't had this much fun showing my work to anyone in a while . 
 and i never thought i 'd be showing it to a nun , and hear her say it 's not dirty . '' 
 the corners of my mouth twisted up into a smile as i turned my blushing face in his direction , `` it 's not dirty ! '' 
 i protested . 
 `` it 's beautiful . 
 shockingly sensual . 
 i just did n't think you could paint something like that . '' 
 `` why 's that ? '' 
 he asked , the smile fading from his lips . 
 i shrugged , `` i do n't know . 
 i just ... i 've never seen anything like it before . 
 there 's so much here . 
 it has the timeless quality of an old master 's painting , but it has some of the qualities of pollack 's work . 
 it 's beautiful . '' 
 his lips were parted , watching me as i spoke ; taking in my every word like it was air . 
 jack and i were a thing that never happened . 
 we went through high school and he was one of my best friends , but there was more between us . 
 shaking the thoughts from my mind , i asked , `` how did you make this ? '' 
 he arched an eyebrow at me , and turned away . 
 `` it 's um , not what you 'd expect . '' 
 i laughed , `` what do you mean ? 
 you did n't use a paint brush ? '' 
 i was joking , but he shook his head . 
 `` no , it 's not like that , '' he stated , running his hand through his hair . 
 not looking at me , he stepped toward the painting , looking at it , recounting how it was made . 
 `` it 's more ... unconventional , which is why i always have a female assistant at my studio . 
 it maintains propriety , and that 's the difference between my art selling for millions and nothing . '' 
 jack was staring at the painting , his jaw tightening like something was bothering him . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i asked , turning to look at him . 
 his hands were shoved into his pockets , as he gazed at his sneakers briefly , looking at me from under his brow . 
 he still looked like the boy i knew , not the millionaire man that he was supposed to be . 
 oddly , jack seemed to hide his wealth . 
 getting closer to him , i could see he was wearing the same brands he used to wear . 
 nothing appeared to change . 
 his blue gaze pierced mine , `` reputation is the only thing keeping these paintings from being considered porn . 
 everything rides on my reputation . 
 i do n't touch my models , i do n't screw the models , and i do n't use the same model more than once . 
 and there 's always a schoolmarm type sitting here during the shoots . 
 those things protect my reputation , and keep these as art-sensual representations of the human form . '' 
 jack walked next to the painting on the board , and picked up a pile of pictures . 
 they must have been shot with his camera . 
 i did n't really get what he was saying until i looked at them . 
 keeping my face still , i flipped through the pile . 
 from one picture to the next , my heart raced harder . 
 when i got to the end of the stack , i looked up at him , eyes wide , `` you were n't kidding . 
 you do n't use a paint brush . '' 
 he shook his head , taking the stack of pictures back . 
 his fingers brushing mine without meaning to . 
 a jolt passed between us . 
 it was like it was before , years ago . 
 i gasped , trying to ignore it . 
 jack did the same , `` the models are the paint brush . '' 
 he pressed his lips together , glancing at me , as if my approval mattered . 
 `` fine art has always had nudes at the center , and this , this is a similar take on that . '' 
 my arms folded across my chest , trying to ease the swirling sensation in my stomach . 
 i was n't sure if this was scary or fascinating . 
 probably a little of both . 
 glancing at him , i asked , `` you paint them ? 
 and then what ? '' 
 nodding , he walked down the length of the painting , his hands in his pockets . 
 `` i paint the model 's body , using the color palate i need , and then i instruct her , and tell her what to do . '' 
 he turned back to me , leaving some space between us , `` it 's kind of like a life-size stamp . 
 she lies down on the canvas and moves across it as directed . 
 i shoot while the painting is being made , '' he pointed to the large camera fixed to the ceiling , `` and then go back and hand-paint the rest . 
 and this is the end result . '' 
 he gestured to the finished painting next to him . 
 heart racing , i pressed my lips together and asked , `` what is it that you want me to do ? '' 
 his gaze locked with mine . 
 my stomach stirred . 
 his voice was cool , confident , `` i want you to be the marm . 
 no one will question anything with preacher-girl here . 
 especially if you think these are kosher . '' 
 his eyes were twin lakes of endless blue . 
 the spinning sensation abruptly stopped when he said marm . 
 so that 's how he saw me . 
 i swallowed hard . 
 i wanted the job , hell i needed the job , but i did n't think i could take being around him every day . 
 before i realized what i was saying , i heard my voice speaking , `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` it 'd be perfect . '' 
 jack pulled his hands from his pockets , drawing my eye to the spot where his dark jeans hugged his narrow hips . 
 the tee shirt he wore made his eyes seem deeper , darker than possible . 
 the soft smile on his lips was electric . 
 crushing the feelings he was arousing , i turned away , staring at the art on the wall . 
 i could n't believe that he still had this effect on me . 
 it was the same way it was the last time i saw him . 
 that moment came rushing back . 
 it was summer , about ten years ago . 
 we stood on the beach , the waves crashing onto the sand behind us . 
 jack had a horrible reputation during high school . 
 if a girl looked his way , he had to have her . 
 and he did . 
 that did n't jive with my idealistic tendencies . 
 i wanted a soulmate , someone who only felt whole when he was with me . 
 jack was n't that person . 
 i 'd never met my soulmate , and still have n't . 
 but that night , i felt different . 
 something happened . 
 we were inches apart and i felt my lips drifting toward his . 
 my hands were tangled in his hair , his hands at his sides . 
 our eyes were locked , saying everything in silence . 
 as our lips were about to meet , i stopped . 
 jack had n't moved , and i did n't want to kiss him if he did n't want it . 
 a kiss meant something to me , and he knew it . 
 i 'd told him over and over again how a kiss should mean something , that sex was n't a sport . 
 it was more than that . 
 the kiss never happened . 
 i remained still , feeling his breath drift softly across my lips and his silky hair in my hands . 
 he was a breath away , so close . 
 his eyes were lowered , like mine , watching my lips the entire time . 
 my fingers slid down the side of his face , slowly . 
 when my hands reached his chin , i released him . 
 the moment shattered . 
 the kiss was lost , never to be given , never to be taken . 
 that was so long ago . 
 why was it bothering me now ? 
 shoving the memory aside , i said , `` i just ... i need to think about it . '' 
 he stepped in front of me , blocking my view of the painting , looking down into my face , `` what 's there to think about ? 
 it pays better than the other job , and you 'd have less people to deal with . 
 just me and the model . '' 
 he pressed his lips together , `` is it because it 's too much ? 
 does the idea of being around nude models bother you ? '' 
 a normal person would have nodded and said yes , nak * d people make me uncomfortable , and then continued to point out that no one sits next to the nak * d guy on subway . 
 for some reason , i did n't say that . 
 i felt compelled to tell him the truth . 
 stupid abby . 
 glancing up at him , i found myself answering before i intended to , `` no . 
 i 've never had issues with that about art . 
 the human form is one of the most beautiful things in creation . '' 
 i was a total freak . 
 in texas , i kept my opinions on art to myself , because they did n't really jive with the culture . 
 they thought nudity was scandalous , as if bare skin was inherently evil and needed to be instantly covered in denim , gingham , and large bows . 
 i thought jack 's painting was interesting-a moment in time , captured in paint , showcasing what people perceived as beauty . 
 clothing would have ruined it . 
 `` then what is it ? '' 
 jack asked , deadly serious , voice hushed . 
 before i could answer , he added , `` i swear to god , when i heard your voice coming from that room , i could n't believe it . 
 the hairs on the back of my neck stood up before i even saw you . 
 and then , when i opened the door , and saw you sitting there with gus ... it was like seeing a ghost . '' 
 there was an expression in his eyes that made me melt . 
 `` i feel like a ghost , jack . '' 
 it was strange we were using the same word . 
 it felt like my life was stamped out and i was the walking dead . 
 at the same time , seeing him again , it was too much . 
 everything was rushing back . 
 just standing here with him had me in overdrive , trying to fend off that look . 
 taking this job would save me from one thing and screw me with another . 
 i looked away from him , toward the door , my stomach twisting over and over again . 
 crap . 
 i could n't do this . 
 `` thanks for the offer , but i think that i 'll have to find something else . '' 
 i could n't be in the same room with him . 
 it was n't the idea of him painting these sensual images , or the nak * d models , or any of that ... it was him . 
 it was jack . 
 `` if that 's what you want , abby ... but would you do me one favor before you totally turn it down ? '' 
 his voice was soft . 
 i glanced up at him , my hand on the knob , ready to run , ready to walk away from jack and never look back . 
 but that tone , that soft questioning sound of his voice stopped me . 
 it sent currents straight to my heart , melting me , making me want to give him anything he wanted . 
 turning i said , `` sure . 
 what is it ? '' 
 `` come to the session later tonight and see what it is that you 'd do . 
 talk to the woman you 're replacing . 
 i think you 'd really like it . 
 it 's a good job . 
 we start at 8pm . 
 see you then ? '' 
 jack 's demeanor changed from boyishly shy to bold . 
 maybe being around jack would n't be so bad ? 
 if he was working , he would n't have time to run his sapphire blue eyes over my body and make my heart pound in my chest . 
 he could n't make me question every decision i 've ever made . 
 going against my better judgment , i said , `` okay . 
 i 'll try it . '' 
 chapter six i drove back to kate 's thinking i was insane , and she told me as much as soon as she got home from work . 
 kicking off a pair of commuter shoes , she said , `` what the hell are you thinking ? 
 you ca n't take a job like that . 
 your church wo n't take you back after that . 
 the whole thing sounds indecent . 
 and i 'm a new yorker ! 
 those texan crack-pots think dancing is evil , abby . 
 you live in that little footloose town , for christsakes ! 
 use your brain ! 
 naked women rolling in paint is way worse than dancing ! '' 
 i rolled my eyes , cringing as she said it . 
 no doubt she was right . 
 back in texas , anything even remotely sensual was evil . 
 that explained all the clothing starched into sandpaper . 
 nobody wanted to touch that . 
 but what she said was the perception that jack tried so hard to diffuse , and i was n't going to back down . 
 there was nothing wrong with his art . 
 `` you do n't get it kate . 
 it 's not like that . 
 the paintings were so raw that it was shocking . 
 it showcased beauty , not lust . '' 
 rolling her eyes , she said , `` you 're a girl , abby . 
 guys look at nak * d chicks and lust . 
 believe me . 
 you 're in uncharted waters here-unless you did it with some random guy and forgot to tell me . '' 
 kate walked into the kitchen while we were talking , shirking off her jacket and draping it over the counter . 
 i blanched at her reference . 
 it was something i did n't talk about with anyone . 
 i was a 28-year-old virgin , by choice . 
 my vows forced me to a life of celibacy , but that did n't mean i was an idiot . 
 following her , i said , `` i do n't have to screw someone to see the difference between art and porn , kate . 
 if you 'd seen his work ... '' i did n't get to finish . 
 she rounded on me , cutting me off . 
 `` i have seen his work ! 
 what the hell do you think i do all day ? 
 jonathan gray is the next big thing . 
 we 've been trying to get him to do a show for the past four years ! 
 i 've seen his work . 
 i know he 's good . 
 and i know he 'll get your ass canned if you take that job . '' 
 kate 's steam seemed to ebb a little , and she added , `` abby , it 'll end your career . 
 a forced sabbatical was bad enough , but this ... there 'll be no going back . '' 
 i wanted to tell her that she was wrong , but she was n't . 
 it did n't matter what was right or wrong , or what i believed . 
 this was the catch-22 of being me-sometimes self-preservation kept me from doing what was right . 
 i had to choose my battles , or i 'd get strung up by the conservative types that sat in my pews and not get a chance to help anyone . 
 they would say the same things kate was saying , or worse . 
 if you thought the minister led the church , you thought wrong . 
 it was more like giving a kid a stick and telling him to corral a hundred big , smelly sheep without anything else . 
 you had to be careful who you poked , and sheep were n't the brightest bulbs in the box . 
 it honestly took a lot of restraint to not beat them over the head with the stick . 
 but that was my life . 
 it required unending patience , which i felt was worth it if i saved one person along the way . 
 leaning hard on the counter , i hung my head . 
 `` fine . 
 you 're right , kate . 
 you 're right . '' 
 i looked up at her , `` i 'll have to find something else . '' 
 i pushed back , and walked into the living room , slumping down onto the couch . 
 it smelled like kate 's perfume . 
 foiled again by close-minded crazies who were n't even here . 
 kate thought i was sulking because of her terse words . 
 `` i did n't mean to yell , abby . 
 i just know how serious this is , '' she emerged from the kitchen , thigh-highs in one hand and a beer in the other . 
 she tossed the stockings on the table and sat down on her favorite chair , opening the can at the same time . 
 `` those loans are gon na kill you . 
 that church has you trapped . 
 you have to make nice , go back as soon as they 'll have you , and find another congregation . 
 do n't stay there . 
 dropping you on your head during a freak-out was a shitty thing to do . '' 
 i rubbed my face , confessing , `` it was n't a freak out . '' 
 `` then what was it ? '' 
 her voice mystified . 
 `` what was so intolerable that got them that pissed off ? '' 
 instead of answering , i stood and opened the front closet . 
 pulling on my coat , i looked back at her . 
 `` i told jack that i 'd see what the job entailed tonight . 
 he has a model and his assistant there . '' 
 kate cocked her head and gave me an are-you-retarded look . 
 `` i have to go . 
 he had them all come in so i could meet them . 
 i 'll humor him for a little bit and then tell him no . 
 you 're right , kate . 
 i 'm trapped . 
 the only way out is to survive the next twelve months and then go crawling back , and see if i can salvage things well enough to get me to the next place . '' 
 she downed the beer while we were talking , her jaw tight . 
 `` i 'd pay those off for you , if i could . '' 
 zipping my coat , i answered , `` thanks , but i would n't want you to . 
 it was my mistake . 
 i 'm the one who has to pay for it . '' 
 i reached for the knob , when she called my name , `` abby ? '' 
 i paused , looking back at her . 
 `` do you want this job ? 
 i mean , is this what you would have chosen if you got a do-over ? 
 no loans , no bills . 
 just abby . 
 would you choose this ? 
 i 'm asking because it seems risque , even to me . 
 i ca n't imagine you wanting to have anything to do with it . '' 
 i considered her question , my lips parted , ready to answer . 
 when i was younger , i loved art classes . 
 i looked forward to them . 
 it was the highlight of my day . 
 getting to create something , getting to form something beautiful where there had been nothing was an act reserved for god , a gift he bestowed upon artists . 
 i could n't paint the way jack did , but even then i knew i liked being there , near him . 
 seeing what he created and watching his gift spin things of beauty to life before my eyes . 
 nodding , i said , `` yeah , i 'd want this job . '' 
 chapter seven i arrived at the studio about an hour later . 
 jack was talking to an older woman dressed in a suit . 
 a model sat on a stool with a robe draped around her ; shapely legs were crossed at the ankle . 
 she watched jack , waiting for him to instruct her . 
 when jack looked up as saw me , his face lit up . 
 it made my stomach sink . 
 i planned on telling him that i could n't take the job right away , but i could n't . 
 taking me by the hand , his touch sizzling on my skin , he led me into the room . 
 jack did n't seem to realize what he did to me . 
 he presented me to the model and the marm . 
 both were courteous . 
 jack seemed excited . 
 he walked me over to the older woman . 
 pale blonde hair was done stylish and short , framing her round face . 
 glittering brown eyes looked up at me . 
 she sat aside from jack and the model , a table to her left where she had a cup of coffee . 
 jack told her , `` abby 's an old friend . 
 tell her exactly what you think about anything she asks , emily . 
 okay ? '' 
 emily smiled at me , taking my hand and leaning in close , `` an old friend ! 
 well , that will work out wonderfully for jack . 
 this position is important , but it also needs to be someone he trusts immensely . 
 his career depends on your word . 
 a few vicious words would destroy him . '' 
 i nodded , curious . 
 i could see what kate meant , that this job sounded like debauchery at its finest . 
 settling next to emily , i asked `` how long have you been working here ? '' 
 `` about three years . 
 i took this job after i retired for something to do . 
 seeing jack work is a real treat . 
 when inspiration sparkles in his eyes , i ca n't help but get excited with him . 
 people like that are rare , you know . '' 
 the older woman had fine lines on her face that i had n't seen before . 
 `` yes , they are , '' i looked back at jack . 
 the model had disrobed and was sitting in the buff on a stool . 
 her curves were perfect , her skin was smooth , and her hair hung in long curls that had been clipped to the back of her head . 
 jack 's brush was gliding over her neck in slow thick strokes , his eyes focused . 
 `` may i ask why you 're leaving ? '' 
 i tore my gaze away from jack and the model . 
 i felt like a voyeur , even though they were n't doing anything bad . 
 `` the husband wants to escape the rough winters and go further south , so we 're moving . 
 i heard you were from the south , is that right ? '' 
 she asked kindly , her hands folded properly in her lap . 
 i nodded . 
 emily gazed at jack and the model . 
 `` it 's important to keep him in your line of sight at all times . 
 the model can move around , but it 's jack you want to follow . '' 
 emily 's dark eyes remained on jack as he smoothed the brush over the girl 's skin . 
 `` why 's that , '' i asked , turning to jack , my throat growing tighter . 
 `` well , most people will tell you to watch for the offender . 
 in this case , the model is the one that would cause the problem . 
 if she decides to sell her story of the time jonathan gray molested her , everyone will ask what jack did , where he was , what he said . 
 he 's more important than the girl . 
 always follow his movements . 
 and if he needs you , you 're the one that touches the model . '' 
 i nearly choked . 
 jerking my head toward her , i asked , `` what ? 
 why would he need that ? '' 
 she laughed at me , `` you 're a bigger prude than me ! '' 
 jack turned to look at us , and i blushed . 
 great . 
 emily began speaking again and jack turned his back on us , allowing us to continue our conversation . 
 `` you 're a sweet girl . 
 a girl who can blush is a girl who can protect jack . 
 now , see how he 's painting that girl ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 jack 's brush was working its way down her onto her chest . 
 he dipped the brush in more paint and smoothed a line down her breast . 
 his eyes were narrow , fixated as if he was focusing intensely . 
 it was n't the gaze of a man in the throes of passion . 
 not that i 'd seen that too often . 
 or at all . 
 `` when he needs to paint her hair , you 'll need to help . 
 otherwise , paint will bleed together and ruin his creation . '' 
 turning , i looked back at jack . 
 one breast was covered and he was working on the second . 
 long lines of pale colors covered the girl 's body . 
 jack worked quickly . 
 `` so , he paints the girl 's body , then her face ? 
 then her hair ? '' 
 emily nodded , `` usually ... unless he 's doing a piece limited to the face , which is rare these days . 
 most of his works have the woman 's curves through the hips . 
 every inch of the model gets painted with organic paint . 
 it does n't stain her skin and it wo n't make her hair disgusting . 
 it washes out with that solvent over there . '' 
 she pointed to a large jug near all the cans of paint spread out around jack . 
 `` it 's mostly hand soap , but jack said there is something else in it , too . 
 the shower is in the back . 
 you stay with jack when she cleans up . 
 never leave him alone . '' 
 i watched jack as she spoke . 
 the way he held the brush , the curve of his strong arms made it hard for me to look away . 
 he pushed his hair out of his face , accidentally running paint through it . 
 `` how long does this take , '' i asked , and then flushed when jack 's brush painted over the model 's nipple , and dropped below her br ** sts . 
 emily was n't watching me . 
 her gaze stayed on jack . 
 `` about twenty minutes for the paint application , depending on what he does with the hair . 
 then he does the initial stamp , and shoots her with the camera . 
 total time is usually an hour or two . '' 
 `` wow , that 's it ? '' 
 emily glanced at me out of the corner of her eyes . 
 `` yup . 
 pays good for a couple of hours a night . 
 jack usually works in spurts too . 
 he 'll take in several models over a few weeks , painting nearly every night . 
 then he only uses the one from that lot that he likes the most . 
 the rest get tossed . '' 
 her gaze was back on jack , her eyes tracing the movement of his arm . 
 `` never comment to reporters . 
 always make sure the shades are dropped when he 's painting . 
 and make sure you remain beyond reproach . '' 
 she smiled , `` should n't be hard for a preacher , since that 's part of that job , too . 
 so , '' she changed the direction of the conversation , `` your congregation does n't have a problem with this ? '' 
 `` they have n't said so , '' i replied . 
 it was a lie , but it did n't have the acidic taste i expected . 
 i was mad at them . 
 and there was no way i was telling them that i was doing this . 
 they said survive . 
 this was surviving . 
 emily did n't press the matter . 
 she stopped talking and we both watched jack cover the nak * d woman in paint , until he called me over . 
 my heartbeat doubled , blood rushing through me like a rocket . 
 i should n't be doing this . 
 jack 's blue eyes were on me , grinning . 
 `` i need to paint her hair , but we have to make sure it does n't touch her skin . '' 
 the model was covered in paint , front and back . 
 the only part that jack had n't painted was her eyes . 
 `` what do you need me to do ? '' 
 i asked , unsure if i was going to do it or not . 
 jack shook his head , trying to get a wisp of hair out of his face . 
 `` unclip her hair and after i apply the paint , hold it away from her body . 
 no drips . 
 this is the last step before applying her to the canvas . '' 
 a large roll of canvas was laid out on the floor . 
 it was bigger than my bed , but smaller than the massive painting behind the curtain . 
 `` do n't worry , '' he added glancing at me , `` i 'll tell you what to do so it does n't get messed up . '' 
 his words lured me to him . 
 apparently i was doing this . 
 taking several containers of pale paint , jack cracked open the lids while i unclipped the model 's hair . 
 she sat perfectly still . 
 i wondered what was going through her head . 
 jack told her to lean back . 
 the girl arched her back , her hair reaching toward the floor , nearly falling out of my hands . 
 the position left the model holding onto the chair with her br ** sts in the air , her head tipped back as far as it would go . 
 jack ignored the seductive pose , but i froze . 
 this was much more than i thought . 
 for some reason it did n't register until i was standing next to jack . 
 he grinned , as he lifted a strand of curled hair and dipped it in the paint . 
 `` why , miss tyndale , you seem to be blushing again , '' he teased . 
 `` i did n't realize i would be this close to the model , '' i said softly , feeling odd that the girl could hear me . 
 jack dipped another piece of hair , and i took it from him , holding it away from the girl 's nak * d body . 
 awkwardness consumed me . 
 this was beyond weird . 
 seeing other girls nak * d in the locker room was one thing , seeing a nude woman in a painting was another-and this by comparison , well there was no comparison . 
 it was just really strange . 
 `` i do n't bite , '' the girl said , trying not to smile and ruin her paint . 
 jack grinned . 
 `` that 's not what i meant , but thank you for not biting me , '' i replied , feeling like a dork . 
 jack laughed , shaking his head . 
 continuing , he dipped each tendril in paint until her whole head was dripping . 
 it took about five more minutes and he was done . 
 the girl was a monochromatic rainbow of white . 
 `` okay , this is the tricky part , '' jack said . 
 `` we need to help her move from the stool , to the canvas . 
 she only has one chance to lay on this correctly . 
 if she messes it up , we start over . 
 if we drop her , we start over . 
 got it ? '' 
 `` if we drop her ? '' 
 i squealed . 
 `` jack , what the hell ? 
 you said no touching ! '' 
 the model laughed , glancing at jack , `` your nun cursed ! '' 
 `` i think she 's allowed to say hell , cheri . 
 it 's a noun and it 's in the bible , '' the corners of his mouth lifted , laughingly . 
 `` shut up , '' i laughed back , shaking my head . 
 i 'd been around new yorkers for less than two days and my mouth was already regressing to its former sailor-like state . 
 `` how do i help her ? '' 
 `` her right hand has no paint . 
 if she were a lefty , it 'd be her left . 
 she 's going to put her other hand on the canvas as you lower her holding the paint-free hand . 
 it 'll keep her from slipping or hitting the canvas too hard . '' 
 emily spoke up from her seat by the table , `` do you want help , jack ? '' 
 without looking at her , jack answered , `` sure , but you stay there . 
 you can tell abby if you see her doing something wrong , '' jack answered . 
 while they spoke my mind replayed , i ca n't believe i 'm doing this over and over . 
 there was nothing wrong with helping a nak * d woman covered in paint lay down on a canvas , but it felt really weird . 
 i held up her hair with one hand and took her dry hand with my other . 
 `` what about her hair ? 
 i wo n't be able to hold her hand and her hair once she leans back onto the canvas . '' 
 `` you do n't have to , '' emily said . 
 `` once her hair is over the canvas , let go . 
 it 'll fall where it 's supposed to go . 
 basically , you 're making a snow angel here , abby . 
 you 'll get a crappy one if she hits the canvas wrong . '' 
 i nodded . 
 jack looked at me , a small grin on his lips . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 the model was positioned at the edge of the canvas , her bare feet next to it . 
 cheri nodded and took my hand in hers . 
 jack began to tell cheri what he wanted her to do . 
 `` go down on your side . 
 i want your face to press into the canvas , and then roll back . 
 make sure your arm is at shoulder height , so there is a clear impression of the side of your breast . 
 abby will fan your hair and then we 'll do the rest . '' 
 swallowing hard , i did as he asked , and lowered the girl without dropping her . 
 cheri 's hand was about shoulder height when i finished lowering her to the floor . 
 her skin slid over the canvas like the paint was still totally wet . 
 `` how long does it take for the paint to dry ? '' 
 i thought it should have been tacky by now . 
 jack watched cheri closely as he answered , `` a few hours . 
 there 's something in it to keep it from drying too fast . '' 
 he said to cheri , `` good . 
 that 's perfect . 
 now roll back and abby will fan your hair . '' 
 he looked up at me when cheri stopped moving . 
 this was weird . 
 there was a nak * d girl at my feet , but he did n't look at her the way he was looking at me . 
 `` take off your shoes so you do n't get dirt onto the canvas . '' 
 i did as he said and padded past the nak * d woman , to her head . 
 jack gave more directions , `` take each strand of hair and fan it that way , like the wind is blowing . '' 
 i nodded and moved the pieces were he told me to put them . 
 `` that looks perfect . 
 okay , before you come back , press her hair down with your hands to make sure it left the impression . 
 be careful not to leave handprints . '' 
 her hair was filled with paint , each twisting curl left a multi-tonal impression on the canvas . 
 the rest of the shoot went well . 
 jack shot a few pictures before the model moved . 
 he told her what to do and exactly how to position her body . 
 the paint smeared under her , leaving impressions of her curves as she went . 
 i stood next to emily , watching jack for the next hour . 
 he knew exactly what he wanted , and did n't stop until he got it . 
 when jack was done , emily reached for cheri and hoisted her up . 
 cheri looked down at her body , smeared with paint . 
 then she said , `` good night , jack . 
 good luck . '' 
 she smiled warmly at all of us before leaving through a side door . 
 the water turned on in the back when cheri jumped in the shower to wash off . 
 emily nodded to jack , picking up a granny sweater and wrapping it around her shoulders . 
 `` it was wonderful to meet you , abby . 
 best of luck , jack . '' 
 she smiled at him , before leaving the studio . 
 jack wiped his hands on a towel , before tossing it to me . 
 `` so , what 'd you think ? '' 
 i caught the towel and wiped the paint off my hands . 
 `` it made me blush more than i thought it would . '' 
 `` everything makes you blush , tyndale , '' he smiled , `` but do you think it 's something you could do ? '' 
 he leaned back against the stool , flexing his arms . 
 the curves of his chest pressed tightly against his tee shirt . 
 my throat felt tight . 
 `` maybe , but ... '' `` but what ? '' 
 jack 's expression shifted from playful to careful . 
 `` abby , it 's clean . 
 you saw me . 
 when i 'm painting , it 's not a nak * d woman . 
 everything is shadow and light . 
 lines and curves . 
 tell me you saw that on my face . 
 you had to see it . '' 
 `` i did , '' i answered looking down , my hair spilling over my shoulders . 
 `` i 'm not sure what was going through your mind , but it probably was n't the look of a man filled with lust . '' 
 he was a few steps away from me , watching me while i spoke . 
 pushing off the stool , he stepped toward me , folding his arms over his chest , `` probably ? '' 
 he asked , tilting his head . 
 i bit my bottom lip . 
 i did n't mean to tell him that . 
 kate knew that i was a virgin because she guessed . 
 i blushed , feeling his gaze on my face . 
 jack inched closer , `` preacher girl , have you been alone all these years ? '' 
 cheri chose that moment to throw open the changing room door . 
 jack stepped back , looking at me oddly . 
 cheri smiled , fully clothed , wet hair drawn back by a headband . 
 `` you did great abby . 
 really . 
 i 've worked with several painters and i was dying to work with jack . 
 when emily told me she would n't be assisting , i was a little worried , but you did great . '' 
 she pressed her hands together , and turned to jack , `` i hope you pick mine , jack ! 
 you 'll let me know , right ? '' 
 jack nodded , his eyes drifting off my face slowly , like he did n't want to . 
 turning toward cheri he said , `` yeah , the office will tell you if it gets hung in the gallery . 
 be sure to pick up your check from linda on the way out , and there 's a referral slip there for you , too . '' 
 the girl beamed . 
 `` you have no idea how badly i wanted that referral ! 
 thank you , mr. gray ! '' 
 she went to hug him , and stopped herself , `` sorry ! 
 i forgot . 
 have a good night ! '' 
 she beamed and practically ran through the door . 
 surprised , i looked at jack . 
 `` referral slip ? '' 
 he nodded , wandering through the room , shutting off the lights . 
 `` yeah , it makes it easier for them to get better gigs if they have a slip from me . 
 as long as they do n't fall or creep me out , i give them one . 
 good job not dropping her . 
 she would have been pissed , '' a grin lit up his face as he turned . 
 `` jack , wait . '' 
 i followed him to the back of the room . 
 he was rimmed in light as he turned his head toward me . 
 `` i ca n't do this . 
 i ca n't take this job . 
 i wo n't be able to go back to work when i 'm done if i take it . 
 it 'll kill my career . '' 
 actually , i was n't sure if i cared if it killed my career , but those loans were n't going away , and the only way to get rid of them was to remain in my current profession . 
 jack looked down at the tiled floor in the changing room . 
 dark hair obscured his face so i could n't quite see him . 
 his voice was soft , `` you 're not here for good ? '' 
 `` i hope not , '' i answered a little too eagerly , hastily adding , `` i 'm on sabbatical . '' 
 he nodded , pressing his lips together tightly before looking up at me . 
 `` you think that they would n't have you back after working for me ? 
 like this ? 
 that it 's wrong ? '' 
 his eyes bore into me , searching for an answer . 
 what people thought of him seemed to matter more than i had thought it did . 
 i stepped toward him , keeping my eyes on his . 
 my voice soft , `` it 's not wrong , jack . 
 it 's art . 
 and art 's subjective . 
 but , i live in the middle of nowhere , in one of the most conservative states in the country . 
 i have to pay attention to what people think . '' 
 his voice was cold , `` okay . '' 
 turning , jack flipped off the light . 
 the room was pitch-black . 
 he flicked the switch and the blinds pulled up , letting moon light spill into the room , before moving toward the door to leave . 
 `` do n't sound like that . 
 jack , wait . '' 
 his back was turned toward me ; he was walking away . 
 i do n't know why i did it . 
 i did n't mean to . 
 i reached out for his shoulder . 
 when my fingers rested there , he froze . 
 shoulders tense , he turned , looking down at me . 
 `` what 's right , abby ? 
 it 's not a hard question . 
 either condemn me or condone me , but do n't sit on the fence and pretend to be something you 're not . '' 
 his words were sharp , the muscle in his jaw tightening . 
 i shook my head , `` you do n't understand . '' 
 his voice remained frigid . 
 `` no , abby , i do . 
 i really do . '' 
 jack turned and started to walk . 
 my brain played flashbacks , assaulting me with memories that plagued my dreams , turning them into nightmares . 
 and i did n't think he was wrong . 
 there was nothing bad about this . 
 in moments of panic people do stupid things . 
 they have a split second to make a decision and you can tell exactly how crazy they really were , and i was bat-shit crazy . 
 i solved one problem and flirted with a million more . 
 i blurted it out before i could stop myself , `` i 'm not on the fence , jack . 
 your work is divine . 
 i 've never seen it 's equal . 
 ever . 
 i 'm on your side . 
 i 'll do it ! '' 
 and you ca n't stop me ! 
 ha ! 
 i was breathing hard , my face flushed with excitement . 
 jack stopped walking . 
 slowly , he turned back to look at me . 
 i continued , feeling my pulse rising as he looked at me like my words had an effect on him . 
 `` you 're right . 
 if it 's not wrong , then i have nothing to hide and neither do you . '' 
 moving back to me , he looked down , `` you really think that ? '' 
 his voice was deep , and the way he looked at me made my stomach clench . 
 parts of me that i had n't felt in years were suddenly on fire . 
 the way his eyes lingered on mine , the set of his jaw and slant of his shoulders , it felt like i was melting under his gaze . 
 jack was caught between disbelief and awe . 
 nodding slowly , i looked away from him . 
 i could n't say it to his face , `` you 've always been an amazing artist jack , but this-what you do here-it 's jaw-dropping for so many reasons . 
 you appreciate beauty , but it 's so much more than that . 
 each painting is like a living thing . 
 i 've never seen that before . 
 you 've taken all the best attributes of the art world and compiled them into one thing , one beautifully stunning thing . 
 it took my breath away when you pulled back the curtain earlier . '' 
 my voice grew softer as i spoke . 
 i could feel jack 's eyes on the side of my face as i tried to look anywhere but at him . 
 when i stopped speaking , the room was utterly silent . 
 the only sound remaining was the muffled noise of the waves crashing onto the sand . 
 when i turned back to look at jack , i could n't tell what he thought . 
 his head was tilted to the side , his arms folded like he was mad , but his eyes said something else . 
 i just did n't know what . 
 `` it 's late . 
 i better go . 
 kate will wonder what happened to me . '' 
 jack nodded , silently walking me to my car . 
 before i reached for the door , he held out his hand . 
 when i looked down i saw a slim , sleek , iphone . 
 `` take it . 
 i need to be able to get in touch with you in case the shoot times shift . 
 sometimes there 's drama with the models . '' 
 he shrugged like it was nothing . 
 i stared at his hand , shaking my head , `` i ca n't take that . '' 
 cell phones were expensive , and i could n't afford to pay the bill . 
 before i could protest more , jack grabbed me by a belt loop with one hand and shoved the phone into my pocket with the other . 
 i gasped , my jaw hanging wide open . 
 jack laughed when he saw the look on my face , `` it 's a job requirement , abby , and i know you do n't have a cell . 
 take it . 
 you need it . 
 it 's a company phone , so it 's not like you get to keep it forever . 
 we 're only footing the bill while you work here . '' 
 he pointed at the phone as i pulled it out of my pocket . 
 `` my number is programmed into the thing . 
 if you 're late , call . '' 
 i slid into the car , knowing i 'd have to take it . 
 `` same time tomorrow . 
 see you then . '' 
 jack was distant again , all the warmth and playfulness from earlier was gone . 
 i felt like i was going to hurl . 
 i 'd said too much . 
 i nodded and drove off with a sinking feeling in my stomach . 
 chapter eight `` you did not ! 
 abby , what they hell are you thinking ? '' 
 kate scolded . 
 first she was mad because it was nearly 2:00 am and she thought someone killed me and buried me on the beach . 
 second , she was pissed because she thought i 'd made a really stupid decision . 
 third , she went nuclear when she realized jonathan gray was jack gray . 
 i should n't have told her that . 
 ooops . 
 irritated , i grabbed a glass from the cabinet and walked to the sink , flicking on the faucet . 
 `` i already told you . 
 there 's nothing wrong with it . 
 there 's no lust / p * rn element , and having me there will make sure it stays that way . '' 
 her dark hair fell over her shoulders as she leaned over the counter , `` abby , he 'll drag you down with him . 
 what if the press sees you ? 
 what if there 's a scandal in the next year ? 
 do you really want to risk it all for this ? 
 for him ? '' 
 i looked away from her , chugging my water like it was air . 
 i did n't want to justify myself to her , but in the back of my mind-i knew that if i could n't make kate see that it was all right , there was no way the church board would be okay with it . 
 before berating me more , she leaned back . 
 her jaw dropped open , `` oh my god . 
 it 's him , is n't it ? '' 
 startled , i turned to look at her . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` it 's jack gray . 
 he 's turned your head , '' she smiled mischievously at me . 
 kate could sniff things out like a bloodhound . 
 i blanched as she teased , half sighing while she smiled , `` abby 's got a crush . '' 
 i stiffened , placing my glass in the sink . 
 `` it 's not like that . 
 it ca n't be like that ... '' `` lust does n't cancel out just because you took a vow , abby . '' 
 she grinned like the cheshire cat , green eyes glinting . 
 i stiffened , appalled at her suggestion , `` it 's not lust ! 
 good night ! '' 
 i walked away from her , slapping my bare feet down the hallway like a petulant child , and slammed my bedroom door . 
 behind me , i heard her laughing , `` call it what you want , but you have the hots for jack gray ! '' 
 chapter nine the next morning things seemed better with kate . 
 she was all chatter and smiles . 
 it was saturday , so she did n't have to go into the city . 
 since i had no money , we could n't go shopping or get a coffee , but i really wanted to be outside , so we went to the village to hang out . 
 the streets were lined with shops of all sorts , and the beach was n't far away . 
 kate strolled beside me , nodding at the people she knew every so often as we walked . 
 `` i did some research on mr. fabulous . 
 you wan na hear ? '' 
 she asked suddenly when we stopped in front of the bakery . 
 my nose was assaulted by the scent of sugar and yeast , and i was in a good mood . 
 `` sure , why not ? 
 what 'd you find , kate ? '' 
 before answering , kate said , `` i 'm buying you a cookie or something . 
 you 're staring through the glass like a homeless chick . '' 
 she grabbed my hand and pulled me through the door . 
 i was protesting , but i lost my focus when that door opened . 
 the scent alone was enough to make me move back to new york . 
 there were n't places like this where i lived in texas . 
 my mouth was salivating as we stood in line , staring at a refrigerator case filled with millions of tiny cookies , beautifully decorated pastries , and cakes that put all others to shame . 
 `` well , jack sold his first painting about eight years ago . 
 it went on auction at a benefit and sold for over $ 200,000 . 
 that auction is what propelled him into stardom . 
 suddenly , he was discovered and had patrons breathing down his neck , wanting more art like the one he 'd given away . 
 jack did n't get a dime from that first sale . 
 it all went to charity . '' 
 we inched up to the glass when the person in front of us left . 
 kate ordered two giant butter cookies covered in mini chocolate chips . 
 after she paid , we walked back outside and continued strolling toward the docks . 
 `` oh my god , these are good . '' 
 she bit off another piece of cookie and continued , `` after that , he continued to sell racy art to the affluent . 
 he only paints models , which is interesting since he did have some patrons who wanted their portrait made like that . 
 rumor has it that he turned down a multimillion dollar commission , because the patron insisted on being the model and jack would n't have it . '' 
 `` holy shit , '' i did n't mean to say it , but i could n't believe my ears . 
 kate laughed at me , spewing cookie , nearly choking while i asked , `` who was it ? 
 who would offer that much money and insist on being in the painting ? '' 
 `` forget that ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` who would turn down that much money ? 
 it makes me wonder , it really does . '' 
 i glanced at her , wiping away cookie crumbs that were hugging my lips , `` wonder what ? '' 
 we stopped walking . 
 she tilted her head at me , `` wonder what 's wrong with him . 
 guess which painting that would have been if he painted it ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 i would have assumed it would have been after he had some money and felt okay turning it down . 
 it had to be after he knew where his next meal was coming from . 
 but kate shocked me again , `` number two . 
 he was broke , ab , and turned down all that money on principle . '' 
 my jaw dropped , eyes going wide . 
 i swallowed hard , nearly choking on my coveted cookie . 
 i stared at kate for a moment , too stunned to speak . 
 last night when i spoke to jack , i could tell how important it was to him that people knew he was beyond reproach , but turning down millions to paint a patron ... that sounded insane . 
 especially when you know broke the way we knew broke-ramen noodles , toilet paper doubling as tissues , and should i buy dinner or pay the electric bill kind of broke . 
 kate continued , `` that 's what got him more media attention . 
 the poor kid that turned down nearly three million bucks on principle . 
 the public ate it up , and clients poured out the woodwork . 
 jack 's been able to do things on his terms since then . 
 his principles helped him get to where he is . '' 
 breaking off a piece of cookie , i muttered , `` same here , with less successful results . '' 
 i sighed . 
 things worked out for jack , and i was happy for him . 
 but i was n't so lucky . 
 kate swallowed the rest of her cookie and asked , `` you ready to talk about it yet ? 
 or are you just going to continue to make obscure references to what you did down in texas that pissed off pews filled with crazy , rich white people ? '' 
 we walked out onto a pier and sat at the end . 
 `` obscure references for a while longer . 
 just until i decide if what i did was right or not . '' 
 an expression of shock washed across her face , `` you do n't know ? 
 how could you not know if it was right or wrong , abby ? '' 
 i glanced at her , `` it was definitely wrong . 
 i just do n't know if it was justified , if i should have . 
 they obviously did n't think so . '' 
 i wanted to come to my own conclusions on this , before i told her . 
 i smiled at her . 
 `` i 'll tell you soon . '' 
 kate looked out at the deep blue water . 
 it lapped at the wooden pier , and the sky was gray , ready to rain . 
 `` there 's actually something that i 'd like to know more . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 i asked , not really paying attention . 
 `` do you really think you can resist him ? '' 
 her lips were smashed together . 
 she knew she just asked a loaded question . 
 i must have looked at her with venom , because she held up her hands in surrender , `` i come in peace , ab ! '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` i 'm just thinking about you-about the life you chose-does jack fit into it ? '' 
 swallowing hard , i wanted to answer her , and bite off her head , but kate was right . 
 i looked down at the water . 
 `` as a friend , he fits perfectly . '' 
 `` and as something more ? '' 
 i did n't look up at her , `` there can never be anything more . 
 i 'd have to turn my back on everything i believe , and i already know jack 's not the guy for me . 
 i did n't tell you this when it happened , but kate-i almost kissed him once . '' 
 her green eyes were as big as saucers , her jaw hanging open as she stared at me . 
 `` when ! 
 how could you not tell me ? '' 
 i shrugged it off like it was nothing , even though it was n't . 
 `` i did n't tell anyone . 
 it was kind of embarrassing . 
 before i left , i nearly kissed him . 
 we were so close , but he did n't kiss me , kate . 
 when i touched his face , he froze , like i disgusted him . 
 it was horrible , like i completely misunderstood him . 
 i 'm not making that mistake again , so you do n't have to worry about jack , and neither do i. '' chapter ten my opinion of jack was soaring . 
 i could n't believe what he did-that his success was from doing what he thought was right and helping the poor . 
 it blindsided me , revealing another facet of jack gray that i did n't know existed . 
 i could n't even get my congregation to tithe ten percent , and they still pitched a fit when we did n't spend the tithes on the church building . 
 but jack , he seemed to have a fundamental sense of right and wrong . 
 when he thought i could n't see that , he was angry-hurt . 
 but now , after working together for several days , i could n't see anything else . 
 i went to the studio , night after night for over a week . 
 jack was always smiling , excited at the start of every session even though i could tell he had n't really found the look he was after , not yet . 
 that did n't affect his mood . 
 when jack was painting , he was in his element and happy . 
 once he started , his concentration kicked in and he did n't speak until he was giving directions at the end of the session . 
 the process jack created made the paintings extraordinary , even if he did n't finish most of them . 
 a few lucky paintings would be pulled from the pile and completed . 
 at any given time jack had about a dozen paintings in his collection . 
 it was this collection that patrons could browse and purchase from . 
 one of the gallery girls said jack sold them quickly , usually within a year or so . 
 it gave him the means to own this pricy plot of land and pay his employees very well . 
 jack seemed to donate a lot of his fortune as well . 
 he did n't say anything , but i saw one of the letters on his desk thanking him for his generous contribution with way too many zeros to be real-but it was . 
 and jack was real , no matter how fairytale-like he seemed . 
 as i sat and watched him paint model after model , i expected the feeling in the pit of my stomach to subside . 
 there was something about watching the movement of the brush on bare skin , and the look in his eyes when he did it-like nothing else existed-it was alluring . 
 i found that i wanted to watch him paint , that those moments were both awkward and exciting . 
 the images strewn across the paint took my breath away , not only because of their beauty but because of their raw , evocative nature . 
 in short , the paintings were hot . 
 the way in which he achieved those sensual pieces of art was so far from the dirty things that people thought . 
 jack 's art was hauntingly beautiful . 
 the images were burned into my mind , and seeing how he made them only made it more incredible . 
 his directions were so cold and mechanical , the total opposite of what i 'd thought he 'd be while creating . 
 just as i found my groove and was n't concerned about dropping the models anymore , i dropped a model . 
 it was n't really my fault , but it was completely my fault . 
 it was about two weeks after i started , jack and i were at the studio alone with a model . 
 that part was normal . 
 what was n't normal was the hollering lunatic that came barging in just when we were stamping the model , rose , onto the canvas . 
 rose had her hand stretched out behind her , ready to do what jack wanted . 
 i held her other hand firmly , and was using my butt as a counterweight . 
 my feet were slipping toward the canvas as i tried to hold her still and lower her at the same time . 
 jack 's eyes flew to the door when he heard the voice outside . 
 his eyes blazed with fury when the woman threw open the studio doors and came traipsing in like she owned the place . 
 `` jonathan gray , '' she snapped her fingers at him , commanding him to come like a dog . 
 gus appeared behind her with an apologetic look on his face . 
 the witch snapped twice more . 
 that 's when it happened . 
 the model turned her head to see what was going on , and the tiny movement made my already slick hands lose hold of her . 
 the model went crashing down onto the canvas , as i fell backwards onto my butt . 
 all the air was forced out of rose 's lungs as her back hit the hard floor . 
 knowing jack could n't touch the nak * d , painted , girl , i scrambled over to help her up-my sneakers getting covered in paint . 
 jack was furious , `` what are you doing here , belinda ? 
 the galleria is closed and i 'm working . '' 
 a designer suit clung to her body , revealing every ample curve . 
 her long hair was elegantly plated into an elaborate hairstyle at the nape of her neck . 
 the dark suit made her sandy hair seem darker . 
 she sneered at him . 
 `` yes , i see . '' 
 she made a disgusted face at me and rose on the canvas . 
 `` looks more like p * rn than art . 
 two girls wrestling on a slick canvas ? 
 jack ... '' she tutted him , waving a finger at him like he was a naughty puppy . 
 jack practically growled , `` get out before i throw you out . '' 
 he turned his back on her , ready to storm away , but her words stopped him . 
 `` it 's only a matter of time , jack . '' 
 the tone of her voice was sharp . 
 her meaning was n't clear to me , but it was to jack . 
 he turned and glared at her . 
 the woman smiled , `` when you change your mind , let me know . '' 
 she pressed a card down on the counter , turned on her heel , and sashayed out with gus on her heels . 
 still helping rose up , i asked , `` are you okay ? '' 
 the girl nodded . 
 paint dripped from her hair , rolling down her br ** sts and splattering onto the floor . 
 she rubbed the back of her head where it hit the ground , `` i 'm fine . 
 she just startled me . '' 
 jack turned back to see both of us covered in paint , standing on the canvas . 
 he closed his eyes , and raked his hands through is hair . 
 `` rose , we 're done . 
 go change . 
 i 'll call your manager and reschedule . '' 
 the girl looked disappointed , but nodded and headed toward the back of the studio to shower . 
 i watched jack as he tried to ignore me . 
 the tension that straightened his spine when that woman walked into the room had n't abated . 
 he was still on edge . 
 jack moved to his paints , slowly covering them . 
 i walked over and grabbed a lid , hammering it back on . 
 when i reached for another lid , jack was still kneeling next to me . 
 reaching out , he covered my hand , stilling me . 
 there was paint everywhere . 
 the model tracked it across the floor , and so had i. somehow , jack never had a drop on him , save his sneakers . 
 but , when he placed his hand on top of mine , he brushed his thumb over my hand once , smearing the paint . 
 he sat down hard on the floor after releasing me . 
 his legs were pulled up to his chest , his arms draped over his knees . 
 jack 's gaze was downcast , `` thanks for helping her . 
 i have n't had a model fall in ... well , not since i first started . 
 what a f ** king nightmare . '' 
 he shook his head , and looked up . 
 gus came running in spewing apologies , `` i 'm sorry , jack . 
 i tried to keep her out , but she would n't have it . 
 i have n't seen her this pissed-off since you turned her down . '' 
 `` what the f ** k got her so riled up ? '' 
 jack asked , eyes burning with rage as he glanced up at gus . 
 i swallowed hard . 
 i had n't heard jack angry like that , ever . 
 i expected the harshness of his voice and the venom of his words to make me like him less , but it only made me more intrigued . 
 gus shrugged , `` the hell if i know , '' then he looked at me , nodded , and added , `` sorry , abby . '' 
 people did that to me all the time . 
 when they did something that they felt was wrong , they looked at me and apologized , like i could put in a pardon for them or something . 
 the truth was that i did n't care that they swore . 
 i still had that wicked tongue inside of me , but i tried to control it . 
 they did n't . 
 jack stared at me , an unreadable expression on his face . 
 it was in response to gus ' comment . 
 jack got to his feet and stormed out of the room . 
 i do n't know what i did . 
 gus still stood in the door way . 
 he walked inside and threw himself into a chair , running his fingers through his light hair . 
 `` i did n't think it was possible , but i just pissed him off more . 
 fuck . '' 
 watching the man , i asked , `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 gus sighed , his hands dropping to his sides , `` i do n't know . 
 i can just tell . 
 i lived with the guy for four years while we were in college . 
 after being around someone that much , you know when you just dumped gasoline on a fire . 
 believe me . 
 i just made it worse . '' 
 the model appeared in the back of the studio , her hair dripping wet . 
 she looked down at the ruined canvas . 
 my sneaker prints were all over it along with a hard mark where her butt hit the canvas before slamming her head into the floor . 
 rose 's expression was cold , and directed at me . 
 `` tell mr. gray that he need n't bother rescheduling . 
 i 'm not coming back here , not after this . '' 
 she glared at me . 
 where did that come from ? 
 she did n't think we invited belinda inside to wreck her session , did she ? 
 gus jumped to his feet , following the girl as she stormed from the building . 
 shaking my head , i tried to understand what happened . 
 i got who belinda was , at least i thought i did . 
 my guess was that she was the shrew who insisted on being the patron covered in paint . 
 no one came back into the studio , so i cleaned up by myself . 
 by the time i 'd recovered all the paint cans and cleaned the brushes , it was already past midnight . 
 i grabbed a sponge and started to wipe the foot prints off the floor when jack came back . 
 i was singing softly to myself , on my hands and knees , scrubbing my sneaker marks away . 
 when the movement of his shadow caught my eye , i scrambled back and screamed . 
 jack laughed as i fell on my butt , clutching my heart . 
 `` damn , jack ! 
 do n't sneak up on me like that ! '' 
 i was n't sure if i felt most stupid for falling over or for his catching me singing . 
 i threw the damp sponge at his head . 
 grinning he caught it between his hands . 
 `` get up , abby . 
 the cleaning staff does this crap , not you . '' 
 `` i did n't know what to do . 
 everyone left , and it was a mess ... '' i was rambling . 
 he cut me off . 
 reaching for my hand , he said , `` come on . 
 let 's get out of here for a while . '' 
 the rage in his eyes had died down to embers . 
 his hand was extended toward me , waiting for me to grab it . 
 he 's just a friend . 
 nothing more . 
 i reached out and took his palm . 
 when it slid against mine , my heart lurched . 
 i was such a mess . 
 was kate right ? 
 was this incredibly stupid ? 
 jack was a friend-he 'd been a good friend until i messed it up . 
 chapter eleven without a word , jack pulled me outside and down to the beach . 
 we walked along the shore for a while in silence . 
 the moon was huge , even though it was waning . 
 the breeze lifted my hair off my neck . 
 it felt good . 
 it felt good to be home again . 
 it felt good to be near jack again . 
 the artist stopped walking and sat down , patting the sand next to him for me to follow . 
 we were away from the studio now . 
 the only light that illuminated the sand was from the moon . 
 lowering myself , i sat next to him and tucked my legs close to my body . 
 `` abby , i 'm sorry about that . 
 that kind of thing does n't normally happen around here . '' 
 he shook his head , dark hair falling into his eyes . 
 `` that woman has made my life a living hell . '' 
 carefully , i asked , `` who is she ? '' 
 i gazed at the waves , watching jack out of the corner of my eye . 
 `` she was a patron , back before i was successful . '' 
 working his jaw , jack chose his words carefully . 
 `` we were a couple for a while , but it did n't work out . 
 she was pissed that i would n't paint her , and then doubly pissed when the news hit the papers . 
 it did n't matter that i did n't leak the story , she was still angry . '' 
 he paused for a moment and glanced at me . 
 the expression on his face made me want to wrap my arms around him and hug him . 
 knowing that would be stupid , i wrapped my arms around my knees , tightly gripping my legs until my hands turned white . 
 jack 's expression softened . 
 he looked back at the water as he relived a piece of his past that he clearly wished had n't happened . 
 `` back then , i did things the way most painters did-the model was the patron . 
 and , well-you know-fine art has nudes . 
 but people said stuff , abby , and i did n't like what they were saying . 
 she was the first patron i turned down . 
 it turned out that it was better to separate things . '' 
 when he did n't continue i asked , `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` just that-it 's better to keep stuff separate . 
 it seems kind of obvious now . 
 you know , not dating the patrons , not screwing the models-stuff that has the potential to mess with you later-setting up boundaries to keep your personal and professional lives apart . '' 
 he glanced at me without turning his head . 
 `` they failed to teach me that in college . 
 that f ** king mistake still haunts me . '' 
 without meaning to , i was staring at him . 
 as he spoke his voice seemed so strained . 
 turning back to the sea , i said , `` yeah , college kind of sucks like that . 
 they give you book smarts , but completely lack the ability to make you ready for life . 
 that was $ 300 grand well spent . '' 
 my tone was sarcastic . 
 school was a sore spot for me . 
 jack 's eyes bulged when i said it , but i continued rambling so he could n't ask why the hell i took out $ 300,000 in loans . 
 `` you know-i could n't believe it-when i heard what you did . 
 that 's something they could n't have taught you at college either . 
 it 's beyond incredible . 
 you turned down millions . 
 you gave away your first windfall . 
 who does that ? '' 
 `` masochistic people who are content being beggars , '' he replied , grinning . 
 his eyes were locked on my face as i spoke . 
 there was something about talking about his work that seemed to make him squirm . 
 his voice lightened a little . 
 there was a moment of silence , but i could tell jack was trying to say something . 
 `` abby ... ? '' 
 i looked directly at him . 
 my breath caught in my throat . 
 his dark hair was tussled by the wind , his eyes endless orbs of blue . 
 `` i do n't know how to treat you . '' 
 surprised , i asked , `` what ? '' 
 smiling at him , my stomach fluttered . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 his hand was in the sand , next to mine . 
 he pressed his fingers into the grains before looking up to me . 
 `` we 're not the same as we were , but you still feel like the same old abby . 
 but you 're not . 
 you 're a nun . '' 
 i started to protest , but he waved me off , `` i know what you 're gon na say , but it 's so totally the same . 
 it means you 're off limits . 
 and what 'd i do ? 
 i took a nun down to the beach . 
 i have a nun helping me paint nude women . 
 it 's weird . '' 
 my heart sank , and i looked away from him . 
 before i knew what happened , he gently touched my chin and turned my face back toward his . 
 his lips were parted , ready to speak , `` and it 's wonderful , because it 's you . 
 you 're still abby tyndale , the girl i used to know . '' 
 his touch lingered for a moment too long , his gaze remained on mine , locked , not wanting to look away . 
 i did n't want to shatter the moment either . 
 instead of pulling away , i sat there , looking into his eyes . 
 all the feelings that plagued me melted away as he touched me . 
 the lightness in my head made me want to giggle . 
 the idea of his hands on my face , and his lips brushing against mine did n't seem so bad . 
 as soon as the thought entered my head , i closed my eyes . 
 the connection broke . 
 the moment shattered . 
 jack lowered his hand , and stared out at the sea . 
 when the moment passed , i realized that i did n't want it to . 
 i realized the truth in kate 's words . 
 i still had the hots for jack gray . 
 chapter twelve i stood in the doorway to kate 's room . 
 another week had come and gone . 
 belinda had disappeared again , and the model situation was smoothed over . 
 or so it seemed . 
 a suitcase sat open on kate 's bed . 
 kate was standing in the closet tossing things across the room while she spoke , `` i 'll be away for a few days . 
 use the car as much as you want . 
 if something is majorly wrong , call me . 
 i 'll be in brooklyn , so it 's not like i 'm a million miles away . '' 
 my arms were folded over my chest , my shoulder leaning against the doorjamb . 
 `` working over the weekend ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i heard as she bent over and grabbed a pair of shiny shoes that had four inch heels . 
 pushing off the frame , i walked into the room and over to her . 
 when she turned , i grinned , pulling the shoes out of her hands and putting them on the suitcase . 
 `` you really expect me to believe that you 're working ? 
 in these ? '' 
 i held up a shoe on my index finger . 
 the heel could be used as a weapon , it was so long and pointy . 
 `` i 'd question your occupation and business associates if i were you . 
 this screams of sexual harassment , '' i said deadpan . 
 kate looked like a deer in the headlights . 
 when i could n't stand it anymore , a smile cracked across my face and i laughed . 
 `` kate ! 
 if you 're seeing someone , just tell me . 
 do n't pack four times as much clothes just so you can hide lingerie and your fuck-me-heels in the sleeves of your suits . '' 
 i tossed the shoe back into her pile of clothes . 
 a sheepish expression washed across her face , as her shoulders squished up around her neck . 
 `` i did n't know what to do . 
 i could n't talk about it with you , and ... '' i cut her off , `` why not ? 
 if it 's something you used to share , and wanted to tell me-tell me . '' 
 `` abby , you 're not like me , '' she said as she took a piece of lace from her closet . 
 it was on a hanger so it must have been lingerie , but i had no idea what it 'd look like on . 
 it looked more like a napkin with parts missing . 
 i shrugged , `` so . 
 you 're not like me . '' 
 i sat down on the bed as kate walked over , pulling out the stuff she did n't want from her bag . 
 `` you do n't talk about church crap with me , and i do n't talk about guys with you . 
 we 're both in uncharted waters when it comes to that stuff . '' 
 she shook her head , making long dark hair fall over her shoulder as she looked into the bag , grabbing another suit jacket and hanging it back up . 
 `` yeah , we are . 
 why 'd we do that ? '' 
 `` you 've got holy ears , '' kate responded , eyes on her suitcase as she repacked . 
 i laughed , `` what ? 
 what does that mean ! '' 
 `` you 're a direct line to god and you do n't screw around with stuff like that . 
 it 's like sticking a fork into a toaster just to see what happens . 
 i might walk around on a daily basis and not think twice about being struck by a lightning bolt , but when i 'm standing next to you and doing what i usually do-let 's just say i 'll think twice about holding an umbrella . '' 
 at first i was n't sure if she was serious , but when i did n't hear the laughter in her voice , i knew she meant it . 
 `` kate ! 
 how can you say something like that ? 
 it 's not like i call the shots . 
 and for the record-no one has died as a result of a lightning bolt to the head while talking trash to me . '' 
 kate snort-laughed , and quickly covered her hand over her mouth to hide it . 
 a grin spread across my face until i could n't keep my lips shut anymore . 
 kate sat on the bed and gave me a look . 
 the result was instantaneous . 
 we both broke out into a fit of giggles like we were ten-year-olds , belly-laughing so hard that we could n't breathe . 
 when it passed , kate sat on the bed with the suitcase between us , `` so , nothing 's off limits ? 
 back to the way things were ? '' 
 i nodded , `` hell , yeah . 
 i 'm still the same person . 
 i 'm not gon na get you killed faster because i got a god badge or something . '' 
 she grinned at me , but i could still tell she was hesitant . 
 thinking fast , i wanted to prove it to her . 
 the best way to prove you 'd be a good secret-keeper was to offer up a secret , something hidden so deep that you 'd never admit to anyone . 
 i cleared my throat , avoiding her gaze , `` besides , talking about guys might be helpful . '' 
 i spoke the words as i held up a sheer baby doll outfit that was on top of her open bag . 
 the light passed right through it . 
 kate 's eyes were burning a hole in my face . 
 i dropped the garment back into her bag and asked , `` what ? '' 
 `` abby , what are you saying ? '' 
 her voice was soft , concerned . 
 `` that you like someone ? 
 it 's jack , is n't it ? 
 damn , i was just kidding the other day . 
 i did n't know you really felt that way . '' 
 i shrugged , `` neither did i. '' but after this much time , i had to admit it-i had feelings for him and they were n't going away . 
 it was n't the remnants of some childhood fantasy . 
 it was real , and made me question everything , every decision i 'd made that led me to this point . 
 `` so what do you do ? 
 you took vows , right ? 
 it 's not like you can date him or something ? '' 
 kate stopped packing and sat utterly still , watching me . 
 `` no , i ca n't date him , '' i answered wistfully . 
 glancing up at her i added quickly , `` and he ca n't find out . 
 i just ... i do n't know . 
 i told you because it 's bothering me . 
 i see him every day and he 's the same boy he used to be , but so much more . 
 he was such a man-whore in high school . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` but that does n't jive with the jack i see now . 
 maybe i was wrong about him . '' 
 kate 's eyes were huge . 
 she leaned over the bag and grabbed my hand , `` what are you saying ? 
 that you joined the nun run because of him ? 
 holy shit , abby . 
 you ca n't be serious ? '' 
 i swallowed hard . 
 this was something that i did n't like to admit to myself , and hearing it out loud would cement it in my brain like a tumor waiting to kill me . 
 `` jack was part of the reason . '' 
 kate gasped , but fell silent when i continued . 
 `` i thought every person had a soulmate-one person that was perfect for them . 
 after high school and four years of college , there was still no trace of that guy . 
 it seemed like he did n't exist , that i did n't get that life . 
 that was the only thing holding me back . 
 i wanted to help people , i wanted to help them find their faith . 
 life 's so damn hard , kate . 
 it just seemed like the right thing to do , but after everything that 's happened , i do n't know anymore . '' 
 my chest felt tight . 
 i think i just admitted to the possibility of more things than i realized were drifting around in my mind . 
 kate was shocked into silence . 
 when she recovered , she said , `` you 've always known which path to take . 
 your inner-compass is made of titanium , and there is no way in hell that it 's broken . 
 trust your gut , abby . 
 you always have and it 's never led you astray . '' 
 `` but it is now , '' i laughed darkly , twisting the bedspread in my hands without realizing i was doing it . 
 `` that path was barred shut by the vows . 
 there is no path that includes jack gray . '' 
 chapter thirteen later that night , i pulled open the door to the galleria . 
 linda was sitting at the front desk . 
 she beamed at me , `` good evening , abby . 
 i hope your day went well . '' 
 i responded in kind , `` it did . '' 
 before i could say another word , i heard jack 's voice through the intercom . 
 `` is she here yet ? '' 
 he sounded like he was in a bad mood . 
 my heart sank . 
 linda pressed the button , and her lips parted to speak , but i leaned in and answered instead , `` be right back . '' 
 i pushed through the exterior doors , passing gus outside , `` what 's up , gus ? 
 he sounded pissed . '' 
 i kept walking , turning backwards waiting for an answer . 
 `` the hell if i know ! '' 
 gus yelled , his hands flying as he spoke . 
 the tight gait of his walk made me run for the studio . 
 when i threw open the doors , i saw jack 's foot collide with a can of paint . 
 the contents went flying , lid open , paint splattering as it fell . 
 i stopped in my tracks , as jack bent forward and pulled his hair in frustration . 
 every muscle in his body was tightly corded , bulging from beneath his white tee shirt . 
 my jaw dropped , watching him , unable to find my voice . 
 the only other time i 'd seen jack lose his temper was when belinda showed up . 
 setting my purse down on a table , i crossed the massive room . 
 jack did n't move . 
 he remained bent at the waist , hands clutching his temples . 
 when i was a few paces behind him , my heart was racing . 
 i expected him to turn , but he did n't . 
 reaching out slowly , i spoke his name at the same time i touched his shoulder , `` jack , what 's wrong ? '' 
 he jumped out of his skin , rounding on me so fast that i nearly fell over . 
 gasping for air , his hand clutched his heart , `` abby , '' he breathed , staring at me like i was insane . 
 `` only you would do something like that . 
 you see everyone else ? 
 they ran away ! '' 
 he screamed the last words , grabbed a bunch of paint brushes and hurled them across the room . 
 i reached for him again , placing my hand on his forearm before he grabbed something else . 
 when he tried to pull away from me , i held tighter , jerking him back to face me . 
 `` stop . 
 jack , stop it . 
 tell me what happened . '' 
 jack 's dark lashes lowered , looking at my hand on his arm . 
 my heart was racing , beating violently against my ribs . 
 the look he gave me when his blue eyes returned to meet mine made me melt . 
 i started to slide my hand away . 
 it seemed as if i touched him and should n't have . 
 the expression on his face was so stormy that i could n't read him . 
 `` there 's nothing to tell , abby . 
 she managed to get hold of my client list and cancelled all of them , telling them some lies about me . '' 
 his voice was deep , hushed . 
 he said the words like he could n't believe it happened . 
 `` and your clients just cancelled ? '' 
 that did n't sound right . 
 he nodded , `` yup . '' 
 his jaw was tight , like he wanted to snap off someone 's head . 
 jack folded his arms across his chest , flexing them , trying to control his anger . 
 `` how 'd she get the list ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` that 's what we were talking about before you got here . 
 several people suggested it was the new girl . '' 
 he looked down at me , eyes narrowed , questioning me . 
 i knew his ex just messed up millions of dollars ' worth of work for him , but the question still felt like a slap across the face . 
 instead of answering , i asked , `` and what do you think ? '' 
 he shrugged , his voice cold and cruel , `` coulda been . 
 maybe you 're not who i thought . 
 maybe you 're some evangelical nut on a mission to stop pornography and you lumped my studio in with the lot . 
 you 're with them , are n't you ? '' 
 as he spoke , rage bubbled inside of me . 
 if anyone else had said those words , it would n't have hurt so much , but to stand there and hear jack say them ... something snapped inside of me . 
 my hand flew , slapping his cheek so hard that it turned his head . 
 for a moment the only thing i could hear was the slap . 
 my hand fell to my side , stinging like it was on fire . 
 `` fuck you . 
 if that 's who you think i am , if you think i came here to sneak in and destroy you ... '' shaking , i realized that my hands were balled into fists . 
 i bit my tongue to stop talking , turned on my heel , snatched up my purse and fled . 
 by the time i peeled out of the parking lot , my anger had turned into tears . 
 after a blistering shower , i threw on a cami and satin shorts . 
 they made me feel pretty when i felt horrible . 
 i called in a pizza and threw myself on the couch . 
 numbness had eventually taken control of my emotions . 
 jack 's words were like a sucker punch to my stomach . 
 he blindsided me . 
 i could n't believe what he said , even when he was saying it . 
 the anger that he evoked was something that i had n't felt since i left texas . 
 the doorbell rang . 
 i pushed myself off the couch , grabbing kate 's sweater to answer the door . 
 after wrapping it around me , i pulled the door open . 
 the only thing i saw was the square white box . 
 a man was holding it . 
 i did n't look at his face until i heard his voice , `` i was grabbing dinner and i heard they were taking this to you . 
 i kinda hijacked the pizza kid . '' 
 glancing up , i flinched , seeing jack standing on my porch . 
 he continued , `` i had to tell you something ... i 'm sorry , abby . 
 i should n't have said that to you . 
 i should n't have thought it . '' 
 i stared at him through the storm door . 
 jack looked like i felt . 
 i did n't open the door . 
 `` but you did . '' 
 `` are n't you supposed to forgive me ? '' 
 he asked coyly . 
 his words pissed me off . 
 `` yeah , but that does n't mean right now . 
 and it does n't mean i 'm a doormat and ready for more , either . '' 
 i started to close the door , not looking at him . 
 my throat was so tight i could barely talk . 
 it felt like i 'd burst into tears at any moment . 
 i just wanted him to leave . 
 the smile fell off his face when i answered . 
 as the door closed , jack pulled open the screen , raising his palm to stop me . 
 startled , i looked up . 
 there was less than two inches of space between the door and the jamb . 
 jack 's face was so close . 
 he leaned his head on the door frame , `` please do n't let things end like this . 
 when you showed up a few weeks ago , i could n't believe it . 
 it was like fate brought us back together . 
 since then , i 've been ecstatic to see you , hear your voice , and spend time with you . 
 please . 
 i know i f ** ked up . 
 i 'd give anything to have that moment back and do it over . '' 
 his eyes searched mine , waiting for the door to close , but i stood there frozen . 
 it felt like this moment mattered , but i did n't realize how much . 
 i whispered , `` go home , jack . '' 
 the door clicked shut , and tears stung my eyes . 
 they finally overflowed and ran down my cheeks . 
 chapter fourteen the next morning came and i felt like a train wreck . 
 sliding on a tank top and shorts , i decided i needed to run and burn off the lingering emotions . 
 i could n't think straight while i was like this . 
 sleeping last night did n't happen . 
 i 'd tossed and turned , hearing his voice , seeing his face . 
 jack . 
 the guy haunted me , working his way into my heart like a splinter that would n't come out . 
 grabbing my keys , i pulled open the front door and stepped outside . 
 my heart sank as the door slammed shut behind me . 
 stopping abruptly , i saw jack sat on the bottom step , leaning on the railing . 
 he was wearing the same clothing as yesterday , his dark hair askew , the pizza box next to him on the ground . 
 frozen , i stood there for a moment . 
 a million thoughts raced through my mind . 
 pressing my eyes closed , i shook my head wondering if i was an idiot . 
 in the past , asking that very question usually meant i 'd moved passed the idiotic line with room to spare . 
 this was another act to add to the list . 
 `` get off my front porch , gray , '' my voice was hard . 
 jack startled as if he were asleep , and turned to look at me . 
 the expression on his face made me think that everything he said last night was true . 
 he was an ass , saying assy things that he should n't have said . 
 regret rimmed his eyes in dark circles . 
 god he was gorgeous , even when he was sleep deprived , jack was still stunning . 
 i held out my hand to him , trying to suppress my smile , `` come on . 
 i 'll get you some coffee . '' 
 jack blinked up at me , before he rose , brushing himself off . 
 he grabbed the pizza box , and followed me inside . 
 as the coffee brewed , jack sat at the counter . 
 i felt his eyes on my bare neck , watching me as i moved around kate 's kitchen . 
 `` you sleep on people 's porches often ? '' 
 he shook his head , `` nah , this is new for me . 
 i usually do n't mess up that bad . '' 
 jack tilted his head , slightly lethargic . 
 `` i thought you 'd kick me on the way out . 
 or call the cops last night . 
 did n't expect this . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` what on earth made you think it was me ? '' 
 i leaned on the counter across from him . 
 the motion made it feel like my boobs were being thrust into my throat . 
 the sports bra i was wearing smashed me flat , but leaning like that suddenly created super-cl ** vage . 
 jack 's eyes drifted . 
 i blushed and stood up at the same time he looked away . 
 neither of us acknowledged it . 
 he cleared his throat , looking anywhere but at me , `` i 've gotten a lot of hate mail over the years , mostly from religious freaks who think i 'm corrupting america . '' 
 my stomach turned . 
 the expression on my face must have indicated how i felt about it because he said , `` i know , right ? 
 anyway , all fingers pointed at the new girl . 
 someone had to have passed belinda my client 's names and numbers . 
 whoever did it played me perfectly . '' 
 `` so you have a mole . 
 hmmm . '' 
 i thought , as the coffee finished . 
 i grabbed two cups and poured . 
 handing one to jack , i said , `` sugar 's next to you . 
 i 'll grab milk . '' 
 turning to the wine fridge , i asked , `` is there anyone at your office that goes back as far as we do ? '' 
 jack shook his head , `` no . 
 everyone else is since college or later . 
 linda was the obvious person . 
 she controls all the calls and records . 
 no one would even notice if she did it , but she was as upset as i was . 
 gus was my roommate in college . 
 he helped me get started . 
 he 's my business partner . 
 it makes no sense at all . 
 the models do n't have access to that stuff , so the only other people are you and the cleaning crew . '' 
 silence passed between us . 
 jack held his cup of black coffee in his hands , staring at me . 
 the look in his eye made me squirm . 
 when he realized what he was doing , his gaze returned to his cup . 
 `` i was an ass , abby . '' 
 i smiled weakly , trying to hide how much his words hurt me , `` i know . 
 it 's part of the package , i suppose . '' 
 `` what 's that mean ? '' 
 i shrugged , `` is n't the price of fame supposed to be loneliness ? 
 that you ca n't possibly know who your real friends are , and who 's using you ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` it 's part of the package . 
 part of being friends with jonathan gray . '' 
 jack stood up , and came around the counter . 
 he stood in front of me , looking down at my face . 
 blue eyes and smooth skin dusted with stubble occupied my gaze . 
 a tendril had come free from my sloppy pony tail while we were talking . 
 jack 's eyes narrowed in on the strands , taking the curl and tucking it behind my ear while he spoke , `` i 'm not jonathan gray , not with you ... '' his voice was hushed . 
 he said the words and let them hang in the air . 
 `` i 'll always be jack . 
 you 'll always be abby . '' 
 it felt like i was floating . 
 while his hand touched my hair , gently pressing it behind my ear , his fingers trailed along , down the side of my face and onto my neck . 
 his voice swam in my mind . 
 the butterflies in my stomach would n't settle down . 
 they flew in a thousand different directions when jack touched me . 
 a shiver shook me , making me step back , but the counter was behind me . 
 jack was in front of me . 
 his eyes were soft , wanting . 
 they were all over my face and neck , searing a path of heat as they washed over me . 
 `` abby , say something . 
 i need to know what you 're thinking . '' 
 his fingers brushed back the hair again , lightly . 
 the touch nearly made me gasp . 
 the pit of my stomach twisted as heat flushed across my cheeks . 
 i could n't tell him what i was thinking . 
 glancing down , away , i stuttered , `` i. . . 
 i. . . 
 ca n't tell you . '' 
 he had to know he was doing this to me . 
 did n't he ? 
 i did n't know what to do . 
 i was trapped between his body and the cabinets . 
 time seemed to stop . 
 jack 's breath washed across my cheek . 
 he lifted his hand , turning my chin back toward him . 
 blue eyes pierced through me , making me melt . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 his voice so soft , so seductive . 
 i could feel the reply on my tongue . 
 my heart wanted to say it , but my mind bit back the words . 
 silence passed between us . 
 we stayed like that , his lips within a breath of mine . 
 when he said , `` tell me , abby , '' i could feel the warmth of his breath slide over my mouth . 
 i felt so lost , like i 'd been drifting for so long . 
 jack made me feel found . 
 it took every ounce of restraint not to close the gap between us . 
 i wanted to slide my body into his arms and feel his lips against mine . 
 releasing the breath slowly , like it was my last , i said , `` i 'd like that-jack and abby . 
 the way things used to be . '' 
 jack watched my lips as i spoke , his dark lashes hooding his eyes . 
 his breath hitched when i spoke , and he froze . 
 suddenly it felt like a decade ago . 
 we were face to face , a kiss apart from being something more and jack was frozen again . 
 but this time , it did n't last more than a second . 
 the warmth that was in his eyes cooled . 
 jack stepped away from me like he had n't realized what he 'd done . 
 heat raced across my cheeks . 
 i turned around , facing the counter to hide the blush . 
 moving slowly , so he did n't notice my hands trembling , i picked up my half-consumed cold coffee and dumped it down the drain . 
 without turning around , i felt jack 's warmth behind me . 
 i knew he was there . 
 staring blankly , i told myself not to turn . 
 he placed his cup next to mine , and stepped back . 
 i stared at the black liquid , heart still pounding , drowning out all other sounds . 
 jack was leaning on the opposite counter . 
 when i turned around he smiled softly , not holding my gaze for more than a second . 
 i felt insane . 
 was he toying with me ? 
 did i misread him ? 
 i did n't know . 
 i leaned back against my counter , across from jack . 
 `` so , since i have no clients for a while , let 's do something different tonight . '' 
 glancing up at him , i asked , `` like what ? '' 
 he shrugged , pushing off the counter , `` i 'm telling everyone else to take the week off 'til i can sort out who screwed me , so it 'll be just me and you . 
 we can do whatever we want . 
 eat pizza , watch movies , paint ... whatever you want . '' 
 `` sure . 
 sounds good . '' 
 he turned to leave . 
 i followed him to the door , admiring his sculpted shoulders . 
 each muscle had a defined curve like he worked out , but i never saw him doing anything . 
 picturing jack covered in sweat pushed my pulse higher . 
 i pressed the thoughts back . 
 they needed to be crushed before they messed things up . 
 while i was tripping over my awkward thoughts , jack turned back and gave me a peck on the cheek . 
 grinning he said , `` see you later , tyndale , '' and tugged my ponytail . 
 he bounded down the steps as i stood there shocked , wondering what the hell just happened . 
 chapter fifteen good god , he made me nuts . 
 i peeled myself off the back of the door after he left and took a cold shower . 
 the rest of the day passed painfully slow . 
 i should have gone back to sleep . 
 last night sucked so bad that i was lucky if i had a few hours , but i could n't sleep . 
 i could n't think . 
 jack wanted to spend time with me . 
 just me . 
 he sent everyone else away for an entire week . 
 the giddy girl inside of me wanted to squeal and jump on every bed in the apartment , but i knew i needed to hit her in the head with a brick before she rode off with my brains . 
 i could n't kiss jack . 
 it did n't matter that i wanted him . 
 it did n't matter what he did or how i responded . 
 part of my profession was self-denial . 
 jack was off limits . 
 i had to stop thinking about him like that . 
 by nightfall , i convinced myself that i could do it . 
 that we could just be friends . 
 those feelings would vanish if i commanded them correctly , but i knew nothing about lust or love or like . 
 and that giddy twit inside of me took control the moment i saw jack . 
 she squealed within me with as much gusto as if i 'd given her a unicorn . 
 why could n't i control her ? 
 jack spoke , melting my brain , after dinner , `` so , what do you feel like ? '' 
 he was standing at the counter . 
 the lights in the gallery were switched off , and it felt like we were surrounded by black walls . 
 jack asked dangerous questions . 
 i shrugged , like i did n't care-like i was apathetic-trying to hide whatever was causing my mind to malfunction . 
 `` i have n't seen the galleria yet . '' 
 he looked at me in surprise . 
 `` let 's walk through there . 
 then maybe we can go outside . 
 play mini golf or something down by the water . '' 
 that sounded platonic , right ? 
 show me your erotic art and then let 's play golf . 
 sure . 
 jack smiled at me , grabbing a bottle of wine from the fridge . 
 `` sounds great . 
 but you have to take the tour like a patron . 
 it 's the best way to see it . '' 
 his blue gaze flashed in my direction . 
 i nodded , until i realized what he meant . 
 jack produced two crystal glasses and poured the wine into each . 
 handing me one , he said , `` come on . '' 
 refusing to take the glass i said , `` jack , i ca n't drink that . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 he seemed surprised . 
 `` i 'm not supposed to drink . 
 you already know that . '' 
 `` abby , this is a special occasion . 
 it 's part of the experience . '' 
 he placed the glasses on the counter , before causally leaning his tone body back against it . 
 he tilted his head a little , his hair shifting in the light , `` if you do n't want to , you do n't have to , but it changes things a little bit . '' 
 i did n't understand . 
 eyeing the glass , i asked , `` how is slightly intoxicated good ? 
 do n't you want people to see what you painted , and not leave with some drunken ambiguous impression in their minds ? '' 
 jack smiled at me like i was cute , cute and maybe a little bit stupid . 
 he turned his head , clearing his throat , saying , `` no one gets smashed on half a glass of wine , '' he laughed . 
 `` and it does n't do what you think . 
 god , have n't you ever had a drink ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 i did n't drink , the church used grape juice , and with my dad the way he was , i swore liquor off . 
 all of it . 
 jack did n't know about my dad . 
 i never told him . 
 without another word , he seemed to sense he was missing a piece of my story , a piece i was n't sharing . 
 he explained , `` a little bit of wine is good . 
 a little bit removes preconceptions , apprehensions , and allows you to see what i see . 
 it lets you surrender to yourself a little bit and see things the way i do . 
 for you , a sip or two would be fine . 
 it 'd let you see ... me . '' 
 he swallowed hard , like he was offering to reveal something very important . 
 a chill worked its way up my spine . 
 this was a hard line , something that i said i 'd never do , but i wanted to see what he saw . 
 i wanted the chance to get inside his head . 
 it was too tempting to pass up . 
 as i stood there , indecision on my face , a million thoughts racing through my mind , jack backed away . 
 he did n't hold out my glass again . 
 i moved next to him , and took it in my hands . 
 pulse pounding in my ears , i lifted the crystal to my lips . 
 the wine slid down my throat with a warm burn . 
 i pressed my lips together , and looked up at him , still holding my glass , wondering if i 'd gone insane . 
 `` let 's go . 
 show me what 's really happening inside the mind of jack gray . '' 
 jack lifted his glass , and turned back , correcting me , `` the heart of jack gray . 
 art is always a reflection of the heart , the soul of the painter . '' 
 i followed him into the galleria . 
 it was pitch black . 
 `` wait here , '' he said and i heard him walk away . 
 the first thing i noticed was a pale blue spotlight slowly growing brighter and brighter on the other side of the room . 
 music wafted from somewhere . 
 my chest tightened . 
 this seemed romantic , but that had to just be me , right ? 
 patrons did n't come in here and get this taken with jack . 
 they saw the millionaire jonathan gray . 
 he was back before i could give it more thought . 
 tilting his head to the side , he said , `` follow me . '' 
 we walked across the dark space , music slowly drifting through the air . 
 stopping in front of the illuminated painting he said , `` each canvas will light one at a time . 
 during a show , each patron is given a drink and we follow the lights through the gallery until the last canvas is displayed . 
 then they all turn on and you can wander around and check stuff out . 
 it makes it more dramatic this way . '' 
 my fingernails tapped my glass nervously , `` more romantic , too . '' 
 he arched an eyebrow at me , surprise on his face . 
 quickly i added , `` you know what i mean . 
 you 're trying to be evocative here , so do n't go giving me the eyebrow . 
 you want your patrons to feel something when they look at the walls . 
 that 's what they 're buying-the idealized version of jonathan gray . '' 
 he took my arm and turned me toward the painting . 
 `` maybe , but i want you to tell me what you see . 
 tell me what you think of jack , the boy you knew , when you look at these . '' 
 his voice was soft , as if he were asking a question that could shatter him . 
 one look at his face told me that i could . 
 this made him nervous , but he was excited as well . 
 looking at the painting on the wall , i felt my heart clench . 
 it was monochromatic blue , so pale it almost seemed white . 
 the painting was of a woman , nude , showcasing her from the waist up . 
 her long hair trailed behind her as she danced . 
 her eyes were closed , a hand by her face another crossed over her br ** sts . 
 lifting the wine glass to my lips , i took a sip . 
 my eyes moved across the entire canvas . 
 it was huge . 
 jack and i fit in front of it , and we could have added ten more people and lined them up shoulder to shoulder-they all would have been able to stand in front of it . 
 jack 's voice was soft , `` what do you see ? '' 
 fear made me reluctant to glance at him . 
 i could feel his gaze on the side of my face , waiting . 
 i did n't want to lie to him , but if this reflected jack in some way , well , it was n't something good . 
 i swallowed hard , trying to find the right words . 
 `` i see a broken heart . 
 something lost that haunts you . 
 it 's in the colors , the position of the model 's body . 
 it 's like a million different shades of tears , strewn across a canvas . '' 
 i breathed hard , worried that i 'd offend him . 
 the lights went out , and slowly , a yellow spot light grew brighter across the room . 
 jack ' features were rimmed in light-his smooth skin , the curve of his cheek , the fullness of his lips-they were parted , his eyes watching me , before he put his hand on the small of my back . 
 i repressed the urge to shiver , as he led me across the room . 
 stopping in front of a gold painting , he asked , `` what do you see , abby ? '' 
 his voice was a whisper . 
 i sipped from the wine first this time . 
 my heart was pounding . 
 this was a lot more intimate that i 'd thought . 
 jack stood next to me , watching me as my eyes slid over the canvas , the wine glass held loosely in his hand . 
 the paint on this one was a myriad of golds with a few highlights of crimson . 
 the model 's body was fuller this time . 
 her soft curves replaced the harsh angles of the last piece . 
 it was sensual , seductive . 
 but there was something else . 
 where the woman 's hand covered her breast , there was a splattering of red . 
 the thick paint was smeared through with soft brush strokes . 
 `` you 're still wounded , still mourning someone in this work , but the pain has faded somewhat . 
 the colors , the flow of the composition ... it seems like you long to be free , but you ca n't be . 
 you perceive yourself as trapped . 
 i think people look at this and see the model , and think she 's the one who feels that way , but it 's not that way at all . 
 it 's you , it 's jack who feels the pain and is n't certain what to do . 
 the femininity of it just hides that it 's your emotions we 're feeling . '' 
 glancing at him , i felt bolder , asking , `` am i right ? '' 
 i sipped the wine , as he swallowed hard , saying , `` more than you know . '' 
 his eyes lingered on mine . 
 the lightness that was typically there , the playfulness , was gone . 
 jack was like his painting , open and vulnerable . 
 the light faded as another turned up . 
 we walked through the gallery , seeing image after image that portrayed a deeply haunted jack . 
 when we stood before the last canvas , my breath caught in my throat . 
 his hand was on the small of my back , my wine glass nearly empty . 
 stepping forward , i reached out and touched the paint . 
 jack reached for my hand , gently removing my fingers from his work . 
 he did n't let go . 
 `` what do you see , abby ? '' 
 he breathed . 
 his hand felt warm on my skin . 
 i did n't know what made me do it . 
 i knew not to touch paintings , but i saw this one and i had to . 
 my fingers were sliding along the woman 's face when jack lifted my hand away and kept it in his . 
 the expression in his eyes was hesitant , like he did n't want to hear what i had to say about this one . 
 i shook my head , `` jack , i do n't ... '' i breathed in , my words trailing off . 
 i did n't want to do this anymore . 
 the rest of his paintings were melancholy , but this one ... this one frightened me . 
 it was the white painting , the one of the model the first night i arrived . 
 squeezing my hand , he turned me toward him . 
 `` say it . 
 i know you see it . 
 just say it , abby . '' 
 he was so close , his lips were right there . 
 my stomach twisted inside of me . 
 the butterflies and the giddy girl within me scared into silence . 
 the intensity of jack 's gaze made me turn back to the painting . 
 it no longer resembled what we 'd made the night it was created . 
 the woman in white was in ecstasy , her long hair moving around her body , caressing it like a lover 's hands . 
 her soft skin , full pale br ** sts , taught n ** ples , the curve of her neck , the angle of her head ... everything about it made me feel like i could n't breathe . 
 `` jack , i. . . '' 
 `` say it . 
 i see it on your face . 
 i need to hear it fall from your lips . 
 prove to me you know me . 
 tell me you see me better than any of the rest . 
 i need to hear it from you , abby . 
 tell me . '' 
 his voice was seductive , demanding , and teasing all at once . 
 my knees felt weak , my voice caught in my throat . 
 i stared into his eyes with my lips parted , knowing exactly what i saw , but feeling too raw to say it . 
 lowering my lashes , i closed my eyes and found my voice . 
 `` i see it , jack . 
 your muse is back . 
 the thing that gave you passion , tormented you , and haunted you is back . 
 you 're reeling in ecstasy and dread . 
 it 's something you want , but ca n't ever have . 
 and the one that brings the pain is pure , white as snow ... and standing in front of you . '' 
 the last words were barely audible . 
 it killed me when i saw it , when my mind snapped the puzzle pieces together . 
 i was the missing muse , the haunting soul that made him feel lost , like he was drifting for over a decade . 
 and that white painting , oh god . 
 i could n't look at him . 
 i stared into the darkness surrounding us , the last painting still lit . 
 jack 's grip on my hand loosened . 
 he gently stroked my skin as he leaned in and kissed my temple . 
 before he pulled away , i felt his breath in my ear , `` you see me . 
 every bit . 
 every part . '' 
 when the lights came on , he pulled away . 
 my heart was roaring , flooding my ears with frantic beating . 
 jack lifted the empty wine glass out of my hands , and put it on the counter . 
 he was tense , the muscle in his jaw tight . 
 i did n't know what to say . 
 i stood there like a fool , glancing around the room . 
 that painting-it was untouchable sensuality . 
 loneliness . 
 it was n't the women i saw anymore when viewing the paintings , it was jack-his soul bared on every canvas . 
 chapter sixteen while jack turned off the lights , i 'd gone outside and sat down on a sand dune . 
 the moon was high , barely giving off any light as it slivered into a new moon . 
 the sound of the waves crashing into the shore calmed me . 
 i did n't know what to think . 
 it felt like i 'd done something wrong , something horribly wrong . 
 it was like seeing jack nak * d , but much more intimate , and much more damning . 
 when he sat down next to me , i could barely breathe . 
 our bodies were an inch apart , close enough to touch , but not . 
 jack stared at the sea , `` that was a lot more intense than i thought it 'd be . 
 i 'm sorry i made you uncomfortable . 
 i did n't mean to . 
 i did n't expect , '' he laughed a short high laugh , pushing his hair out of his face and looking at me , `` i did n't expect you to do that . 
 no one has ever done that . 
 there are entire books written on what makes me tick , and none of them even came close . 
 but you , abby , damn , '' nervously he ran his fingers through his hair , glancing at me sideways , `` you stripped me in a matter of seconds , and saw right through everything . 
 no one 's ever done that before . 
 it was wonderful and awful at the same time . '' 
 oh my god . 
 someone kill me . 
 i could n't look at him . 
 i did n't mean to make him feel like that . 
 `` i 'm sorry , jack . 
 i did n't mean to ... '' he bumped into me with his shoulder , cutting off my apology , `` hell no , do n't apologize . 
 it was perfect . 
 a moment that was scary as hell , and completely perfect . '' 
 i glanced at him and he smiled . 
 the tension seemed to fade from his shoulders as the smile drifted across his lips . 
 i smiled back , not knowing what to say , but glad he felt better . 
 `` so , tell me . 
 what really happened back in texas ? '' 
 nervous , my eyebrows shot up as i twisted toward him with a who me ? 
 expression on my face . 
 he laughed , `` yeah , you . 
 if you want to go back , why 'd you leave ? '' 
 `` now it 's my turn to squirm , is that it ? '' 
 i eyed him half smiling . 
 `` tell me , abby . 
 why are you here ? '' 
 looking at him , i wondered why i felt compelled to spill my guts every time he asked me to . 
 what was wrong with me ? 
 it was like i had no sense of self-preservation . 
 i made a face , `` i was sent on a forced sabbatical . 
 no warning . 
 no pay . 
 just good-luck , now get out . '' 
 he nearly choked , `` are you serious ? '' 
 i nodded , `` then why do you want to go back ? '' 
 `` i have to . '' 
 i repeated my story in detail , the same one i told kate about my loans and my contract with the church . 
 `` so , if i get through this year , i go back on payroll and i can find another job . 
 if i get canned , my career is over and i 'll die from drowning in student loans . '' 
 he shook his head , either shocked or appalled . 
 i could n't tell . 
 i felt his gaze on the side of my face , and turned to look at him . 
 he hesitated for a moment , then asked , `` what 'd you do ? 
 what could have you possibly done ? '' 
 more squirming . 
 `` jack , do you really have to know ? 
 it was stupid . 
 stupid enough to get me fired and thrown in jail . '' 
 his eyes were wide , `` you went to jail ? '' 
 i sighed , `` should have . 
 if it were any other job , i would have . '' 
 jack looked like he was ready to jump out of his skin if i did n't tell him . 
 i dove into the story and did n't come up for air until i was done . 
 `` it was bothering me . 
 all these people pile into the pews week after week and ignore my sermons . 
 i 'd just finished a series on helping the poor , but it fell on deaf ears . '' 
 i sneered without meaning to as i stared into space , `` they bought gold plates , pricey jesus art , and new tapestries . 
 meanwhile they drive around in big old caddies with a jesus fish on their trunks , plowing down poor people at walmart like they 're parking cones . 
 i snapped . '' 
 `` what 'd you do ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i kind of took their lavish stuff and sold it . 
 you know , the communion plates , the flower arrangements , the carved mahogany table that was just like one jesus might have carved . '' 
 i rolled my eyes , not looking at jack . 
 he was completely still . 
 `` basically , i took all their crap and got rid of it . 
 i switched things back to baskets and tin , and gave the money to the poor . 
 i proudly announced what i 'd done after the cheap walmart baskets were passed through the church . 
 people murmured about the gold plates . 
 when i said i sold them there was a collective gasp , until someone asked where the silver ones went . '' 
 looking jack straight in the eye , i said , `` they went the way of the gold plates . 
 that nearly caused a mob . 
 the town sheriff was there , getting his holy on , and said it could have been considered theft , but since churches are supposed to give to the poor-and i was their only minister-they could n't fire me without breaking my contract . 
 doing that would 've meant they had to pay out my contract right then and there before they could shoo me out the door . '' 
 `` holy shit , abby ! '' 
 he grinned , clearly excited . 
 `` you went all robin hood on your own church ! 
 what 'd they do ? '' 
 `` yeah , that 's where this story goes south . 
 they turned things around one me . 
 they did to me what i did to them . 
 after a few hours of debating in the boardroom , they came up with my sentence . 
 they said if i survived a year on nothing but the grace of god , they 'd take me back . 
 there are stipulations in my contract that were put there for other reasons , but they twisted it . 
 so it was walk away and come back in a year , or resign . 
 i ca n't get another job if they fire me and resigning is just as bad-it shows i did n't have the skill to manage the people entrusted to me . 
 score one for the rich pew-sitters . '' 
 i held up my pointer finger and swirled it once in the air , unenthusiastically . 
 `` that 's not the same-throwing you out with nothing . 
 that 's totally different than you giving their things to the poor , '' he said it like i did n't realize it . 
 i gave him a look that said i did . 
 `` i realize it 's not the same . 
 they still have food , shelter , and money . 
 they did n't pay me enough to have any savings . 
 i have nothing . 
 they kicked me out without a cardboard box . 
 if kate did n't help me out , things would have been bad . 
 i do n't really want to go back , but i 'm kind of trapped . '' 
 jack nearly choked . 
 blue eyes wide , he asked , leaning closer , `` you do n't want to go back ? '' 
 i do n't know when it happened , but the idea of going back made me sick . 
 when i left i thought it 'd be awesome if i survived the year on their terms . 
 it would really show them what i was made of , but they already knew what i was made of and they did n't like it . 
 they threw me out on my ass because of it . 
 i shook my head , `` no , i do n't . 
 would you want to see belinda again ? '' 
 he cringed , `` me neither . 
 they did the same amount of damage ; they just gave a different explanation for justification . 
 the thing is , i wonder if i was right . 
 it 's been gnawing at me , constantly in the back of my head ... i brought this upon myself . '' 
 he was quiet , staring at the sand for a moment . 
 finally he sighed , glancing at me out of the corner of his eye , `` so , we both have our futures in the hands of crazy people who do n't give a rat 's ass . '' 
 `` so it would seem , '' i answered staring blindly at the crest of another wave . 
 my stomach turned to lead while i was speaking . 
 it felt like i was being crushed from the inside out . 
 dread spread through my body , pooling in my stomach , making me nauseous . 
 without a word , jack moved to my feet . 
 crouching in front of me , i looked at him . 
 he was smiling softly , dark hair messy from the wind . 
 with his hands draped over his knees , he said , `` miss tyndale , there is one thing i know beyond a shadow of a doubt-you did what was right . 
 there 's no mistake about that . '' 
 i opened my mouth to protest , but he spoke over me , shaking his head . 
 `` and to make sure you know , beyond a shadow of a doubt , i 'm going to drag you around in the sand until you admit it . '' 
 there was no hesitation . 
 jack reached for my ankles , and pulled hard as he stood up suddenly . 
 i fell back into the sand , my hair trailing behind me . 
 jack started to walk and i started to scream . 
 with every step he took , sand inched into my pants , shirt , and hair . 
 i was half-screaming , half-laughing . 
 `` ahh ! 
 stop ! 
 put me down ! 
 sand 's going places it should n't go ! '' 
 my voice was shrill . 
 jack was getting closer to the water . 
 the sand went down the waist of my jeans and was making a sandcastle in my panties . 
 i 'd been at the beach when i was a kid and there was always a ton of sand in my swimsuit when i went home , but it was never like this . 
 dragging me , fully clothed , was forcing enough sand down my pants to fill a sandbox . 
 jack was laughing so hard he almost fell over . 
 the muscles in his arms were ripped as he fought to hold onto my kicking legs . 
 `` then say it , '' he laughed with his hair in his face , beautiful eyes sparkling . 
 `` say you were right or this demonstration ends in the water ! '' 
 laughter erupted from him , as he moved faster toward the sea . 
 twisting my body , i tried to flip over and kick him to make him let go , but that only filled my bra full of sand , too . 
 `` jack ! 
 put me down ! '' 
 pushing off the ground with my hands , i raised my head to avoid a mouth full of sand . 
 `` say it ! '' 
 he yelled back , smiling so wide his dimples were showing . 
 the sand was damp under my hands . 
 clumps of cold wet grains were being forced into my pants as he pulled . 
 it felt so disgusting that i shrieked , `` i was right ! 
 i was right ! 
 stop ! '' 
 jack dropped my legs in the sand , my feet falling into the surf . 
 breathing heavily , he said , `` that was really close . 
 i thought you were going in . '' 
 he was doubled over , hands on his knees grinning ear to ear . 
 i laid on my back , staring at the sky , laughing , and spitting out sand that had gotten into my mouth . 
 `` you suck , you know that ? '' 
 i laughed , cringing as i felt sand in places sand should n't be . 
 `` i 'm full of sand . 
 all my clothes could be from sandcastles-r-us . '' 
 he straightened , `` is that so ? '' 
 `` which one ? 
 the sucking or the sand ? '' 
 i laughed . 
 i could n't stop . 
 i had n't laughed so hard in forever . 
 my sides felt like they were going split open . 
 before i knew it , jack was leaning down , reaching for me . 
 i laughed , swatting him away , not realizing what he was doing . 
 he managed to get a hold of my wrist and my thigh . 
 he swung me up over his shoulders while i kicked and screamed . 
 jack began to wade into the water , as i pulled his hair trying to stop him . 
 `` the sucking or the sand , '' he murmured , still laughing as he went into the water deeper . 
 when it was up to his knees he spun around and i shrieked . 
 my hair flew out , sand flying as i clawed onto jack to keep from falling . 
 the more he spun , the dizzier we got . 
 he made it four rotations before losing his footing when a wave knocked him off balance . 
 we toppled over like a drunken totem pole , splashing into the cold water . 
 the salty water filled my clothes and forced clumps of sand out . 
 gasping , i tried to sit up , but the surf was beating me down . 
 jack grabbed my shoulders and pulled me to my feet . 
 water dripped from his scalp . 
 inky hair fell across his forehead in clumps of black . 
 jack pushed a tangle of hair out of my face . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 the smile was still on his face . 
 i nodded . 
 my shirt clung to every inch of me , revealing how cold i was . 
 i shivered . 
 jack did n't move . 
 another wave beat into our legs , nearly knocking me down , but his arms pulled me tightly against him . 
 jack was tense , every muscle flexed tight , holding me . 
 i splayed my hands on his chest , not looking him in the eye . 
 i thought it would help break the moment , but it did n't . 
 if anything it made it more intense . 
 the curve of his toned body beneath my hands felt perfect . 
 the way his shirt clung to him revealed what he would look like without it . 
 jack spoke , his voice deep and alluring . 
 `` were you serious before ? 
 you would n't go back , if you did n't have to ? '' 
 waves pelted at my thighs , making me wobbly . 
 jack held me tighter , pressing my body closer to his . 
 i raised my hands to his neck to keep from falling over . 
 the sound of the surf filled my ears . 
 i shook my head slowly . 
 i did n't want to go back . 
 i did n't want to deal with the mess i left behind , but it was so much more than that . 
 dread filled me , choking me . 
 what if i was wrong ? 
 all this time i thought i 'd chosen the right path , believed the right things . 
 what if it was all for nothing ? 
 i could n't stomach the thought . 
 answering slowly , i said , `` i do n't want to , but i have to . 
 i have to fix it . '' 
 `` what if i gave you a way to fix it on your own ? '' 
 his voice was serious , all traces of laughter gone . 
 the surf beat into us , but i could n't tear my gaze away from his face . 
 the suggestion , his idea , was the beginning and the end . 
 it consumed me in ways i could n't have imagined . 
 the idea was like jack in every way-completely tempting and completely forbidden . 
 chapter seventeen i could n't believe what jack suggested , but he was serious . 
 i stood there shocked , mute . 
 `` think about it , abby , '' was the last thing he said before taking me by the hand and walking up toward the studio . 
 we were both soaking wet and frozen . 
 he spoke to me , and i answered , but i ca n't remember any of it . 
 the only thing that kept swimming to the front of my mind was the way his eyes moved over my body . 
 it made me warm , and instead of feeling shy , i wanted more . 
 no one ever looked at me like that-like i was desirable , like i was beautiful . 
 i tried to ignore it , gazing at his broad shoulders as we traipsed through the sand , but that only made it worse . 
 the way his wet clothing clung to his lean figure made me want to touch him , and run my fingers along his tight muscles . 
 my heart was pounding in my chest as he held open the door for me . 
 i brushed past him , feeling his pecs rub against my bare arm . 
 i repressed a shiver . 
 i 've never wanted to stop and hug someone so much in my whole life . 
 but i was kidding myself . 
 i did n't want to hug him . 
 that was n't enough . 
 i wanted to feel my lips touch his warm chest . 
 i wanted to know what his smooth skin felt like when he had me wrapped in his arms . 
 i wanted to touch him and taste him . 
 i wanted to know every curve of his body , every place that made him moan and say my name . 
 completely rattled , i pushed past him . 
 what the hell was wrong with me ? 
 i gave this up . 
 i gave him up . 
 soulmates were important , not this insane wantonness that was bubbling up from somewhere deep inside of me . 
 jack missed nothing . 
 sensing my mood shift , he said , `` i did n't mean to offend you , abby . 
 maybe i should n't have suggested it , but it seemed like a way to free you from your problems . 
 no matter what i do , i 'm still trapped-but you . 
 we could fix that . 
 you could pose for me , be a model . 
 no one would recognize you . 
 no one would know it was you . 
 the studio 's empty for the next few days . 
 i could make something they 've never seen before-something just for you . 
 you could lease it or sell it . 
 you 'd be free to do what you want . '' 
 his voice grew softer as he spoke , eyes locked on mine . 
 `` stay where you want . '' 
 he sighed , pushing his damp hair out of his face . 
 `` it 's something i can give you . 
 something i 'd hoped you would have accepted . '' 
 he paused , adding , `` i could pay off that debt for you , but i did n't think you would let me . 
 it seems to be attached to you in a way i do n't really understand . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 looking up at his beautiful face , my voice was soft , `` no , i would n't let you . 
 it was my mistake . 
 i have to pay for it . 
 you 're right . 
 it 's not like racking up a credit card , it 's more than that . 
 that debt symbolizes who i am and what i 'll become . 
 paying it off means i was n't wrong all these years . '' 
 lowering my lashes , i looked away , adding , `` and you did n't offend me jack . 
 it 's not ... '' my throat tightened . 
 i could n't say it . 
 soaking wet , jack stood in front of me . 
 tilting my chin up , he asked , `` it 's not what ? '' 
 his voice was soft , his hands warm . 
 closing my eyes , i pulled my chin back . 
 he released me . 
 `` it 's just not a good idea , not with the other paintings the way they are . '' 
 i felt so hot , but my skin was freezing . 
 why was he making me say this ? 
 but jack 's face was still , waiting for an explanation . 
 i stammered the words out , fumbling my fingers as i spoke , nervously looking everywhere except at jack 's eyes , `` not with me . '' 
 he nodded once , arms folded across his broad chest , shirt clinging to his skin . 
 `` do n't do that , abby . 
 do n't act like i ca n't handle it . 
 i would n't have offered if i thought i would n't be able to do it . 
 there 's no touching , and i do n't date the models . 
 you 'd be the model , abby . 
 we 're both adults , and i do n't think either of us wants to flush our reputation away . '' 
 my stomach was twisting in knots as he gazed at me . 
 finally he asked , `` if the debt was gone , what would you do ? 
 would you continue working as a minster somewhere ? 
 or would you do something else ? 
 start over ? '' 
 the pit of my stomach fell . 
 it was the question that i dreaded , the one that plagued me at night . 
 if i said i 'd start over , that was total failure . 
 and not just failure , like i chose the wrong career-it was failure that would crush my faith . 
 it would destroy my life , who i was , everything i did-it would have been for nothing . 
 pressing my lips together , i tilted my head , eyes looking away from him as i said , `` i 'd find another congregation-get transferred . 
 there would be more places that could take me without that debt hanging over my head . 
 i do n't think i 'd start over again . '' 
 as i spoke the last words , they felt barbed . 
 i was certain he heard , i would n't choose you . 
 his shoulders stiffened as i spoke . 
 `` then let me do this for you , abby . '' 
 his eyes shone like twin gems , earnest and pleading . 
 he was offering me freedom . 
 my curiosity did n't dismiss his suggestion yet . 
 `` i do n't think i can , jack . 
 but , what would it look like ? 
 would it be like cheri 's painting ? '' 
 my heart hammered in my chest . 
 jack smiled softly . 
 `` come here , '' he held out his hand and i took it . 
 he led me through the studio to a full length mirror and flipped on the light . 
 `` it would n't be like cheri 's painting . 
 it would be yours-the only jonathon gray masterpiece that was in full color . 
 everything else is muted , like ghosts whispering from the past . 
 but you , your painting would be vibrant and stunning . 
 it would reflect you , how i see you . 
 what i want for you ... '' his voice softened as he looked at me in the glass from behind my shoulder . 
 `` i 'd paint you from here , '' he placed his fingers gently on my waist and slowly dragged them up my side , passing over the curve of my waist to the side of my breast , touching my shoulder gently , and ending his caress on my cheek , `` to here . '' 
 my shirt clung to my body , revealing everything . 
 as his fingers moved it felt like someone dropped an anvil on my chest , and breathing became difficult . 
 jack 's eyes watched me in the mirror , his hand sliding along my side , grazing my body . 
 when he first turned me toward the mirror , i nearly died . 
 i had no idea he could see so much through the wet clothing . 
 i was n't even wearing white . 
 it did n't seem to matter . 
 he added , `` there 's a skirt that would cover your lower half . 
 it 's not a full nude , and it 's nothing like cheri 's . 
 it 'll be so much more . '' 
 his lips were by my ear as his breath warmed my neck . 
 staring in the mirror , my heart slammed into the side of my ribs , jerking wildly when he touched me . 
 my lips burned . 
 i wanted to feel his kiss , know his taste . 
 that 's when i could see it . 
 he was n't the issue here . 
 it was me . 
 i could n't pose for him because he was making me such a mess . 
 jack barely touched me and i melted . 
 everything about him was making me crazy . 
 even looking at me in the mirror , his gaze was different than mine . 
 a horrible realization flooded me . 
 `` jack ? '' 
 his eyes had been drifting across the reflection . 
 they snapped back to my face when i said his name . 
 `` am i shadow and light ? 
 curves and lines ? '' 
 i forced the question out . 
 i had to know . 
 what was he looking at when he saw me-a woman or a piece of art ? 
 his hand traced my cheek . 
 tilting my head to the side , i extended my neck , feeling his fingers slide over my skin . 
 `` of course you are , '' he smiled deeply not realizing that his words shattered me . 
 my stomach sank , landing in my toes . 
 i could n't breathe . 
 all this time he was looking at me , i thought he wanted me . 
 i thought the feelings were mutual , but jack was being jack . 
 i was his muse , but there was nothing more . 
 he added , `` i 've always wanted to paint you . 
 every line , every curve flows through your body with such clarity . 
 it 's like you were formed to inspire . '' 
 as he spoke , his gaze drifted over my wet shirt , down to my waist . 
 `` you 'll conceal my identity ? '' 
 i asked , and he nodded . 
 if he 'd said anything else , i would have said no , but the look on his face and the tone of his voice ... i was nothing but shadows and light to him-a grouping of lines that made a nice shape . 
 it did n't matter if he saw me , painted me , or touched me . 
 jack did n't see bare skin . 
 jack did n't want to trail his lips over mine . 
 he never did . 
 i do n't know why i said it . 
 maybe it was because people do stupid things after 2:00 am , maybe it was because it cemented what he thought of me and allowed me to get over him . 
 damn , fifteen years passed and i was still hung up on a guy who did n't want me . 
 i was so messed up . 
 looking him in the eye , i nodded , saying , `` okay , but let me take a shower first . '' 
 i stepped away from the mirror , jack shocked into silence behind me . 
 it took him a moment to realize what i said . 
 he beamed in disbelief , `` you 'll do it ? 
 really ? '' 
 he sounded giddy . 
 it crushed me . 
 his enthusiasm stomped me into the ground . 
 how did i mistake that for something else ? 
 i nodded , pulling my cold shirt off my skin as i walked , remembering the old adage , nothing good happens after 2:00 am , and totally blowing it off . 
 chapter eighteen i stood in the studio shower with hot water pelting me for way too long . 
 the sea was freezing . 
 it did n't matter what time of the year it was , the water was always cold . 
 as i rinsed off , more sand piled around my feet . 
 i 'd be shampooing sand out of my hair for days . 
 determination flowed over me as i dried off . 
 this would help me kick my lusting after jack . 
 and i was curious what the painting would look like . 
 every other piece he had hanging in the gallery was muted , like a distant memory , soft and faded . 
 i was his muse , and i was here . 
 i shook my head , padding out of the studio shower barefoot . 
 the cement floor was cold under my feet . 
 `` jack ? '' 
 i called when i did n't see him . 
 a large roll of canvas had been spread out . 
 there were streaks of orange and yellow across it . 
 he 'd started . 
 it was already different than what he normally did . 
 i padded toward the canvas , keeping my dripping hair from leaving drops of water on it . 
 a door opened and jack walked through . 
 my fingers clutched my towel tightly . 
 the bravado that i 'd mustered before must have been washed away , because i felt nak * d and i was holding a towel . 
 `` abby , '' he smiled walking toward me , holding several cans of paint . 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 i nodded since i did n't trust my voice . 
 i smiled back at him with a confidence that i did n't feel . 
 after putting down the cans , jack pointed at the stool with a paint brush in his hand and another between his teeth , `` sit . '' 
 he popped open the tops of several cans and stirred while i walked toward the stool like it was the chair . 
 staring , i stepped toward it slowly , like it was going to kill me . 
 but i did n't stop . 
 it was like a moth flying into a flame after its wings caught fire . 
 i sat on the stool , the towel still gripped in my hand . 
 the hem of the towel was short and when i sat , it climbed up showing all of my thigh . 
 nervously , i pressed my lips together . 
 jack had a brush behind his ear , one in his mouth , and several in his pockets . 
 he gave me one look and said reassuringly , `` do n't be nervous abby . 
 i wo n't touch you . '' 
 like that would calm me . 
 he stared at my white knuckles , gripping the towel like i 'd die if i let it go . 
 i breathed , `` i know you wo n't . '' 
 his eyes were so blue , so full of life . 
 it was hard to not be filled with his happiness when he was like this , but the thought of dropping the towel only made me grip it tighter . 
 `` then what 's the matter ? '' 
 he asked seriously . 
 `` there 's no one else here . 
 i was watching you in the mirror before , and you seemed okay with it . 
 it 'll be easier than that , abby . '' 
 without meaning to , i blushed . 
 the burn intensified as he spoke , making him grin wider . 
 `` um , abby . 
 can i ask you something ? '' 
 he said shyly . 
 i nodded , too tense to talk . 
 `` have you done this before ? '' 
 surprised he asked , i said , `` no . 
 this moment of insanity will only be once , thank you . '' 
 he laughed , clarifying , `` i did n't mean it like that . 
 i meant , has anyone seen you before ? 
 you know , before you got all churchy-you had to have been with someone ? '' 
 his voice trailed off , the question hanging in the air . 
 the question that i did n't want to answer , but he could read it on my face . 
 no . 
 no one had seen me . 
 i 'd been alone all this time . 
 his back straightened , `` oh . 
 oh , god , really ? 
 you 've never ... ? '' 
 he trailed off , not asking the rest of the question when i glared at him . 
 the only one i ever wanted was him . 
 how could he ask me that ? 
 it seemed cruel . 
 `` maybe we should n't ... '' but before he finished speaking , i dropped the towel . 
 my voice was steady , `` maybe we should . 
 paint me , jack . 
 make me a jonathan gray girl . '' 
 i stared straight ahead , feeling his eyes on my bare skin . 
 controlling my blush , i forced it back . 
 the towel draped over my lap , and i clasped my hands together on top of it , like i was waiting for a bus and walked around nak * d in front of hot guys all the time . 
 jack did n't speak again for a while . 
 he moved quickly and carefully , putting his brushes where he needed them . 
 he went to work dabbing thick cold paint on my torso , along the curve of my waist in long strokes . 
 his eyes darted back and forth as he worked , seeing me without seeing me . 
 i thought i could handle it until his soft brushes were stroking paint onto my lower ribcage . 
 without looking at me , jack asked , `` can you rest your arms on top of your head for a while ? 
 i need to make sure your br ** sts do n't touch the paint on your chest . '' 
 his words knocked the air out of my lungs . 
 roughly i sucked in a breath , and he stopped to look up at me . 
 his face was so close . 
 i could smell the ocean in his clean hair . 
 bits of dark hair seemed to curl as it dried . 
 `` abby , '' he breathed , staring at me like he was drinking me in . 
 but he was n't . 
 he was waiting . 
 `` lift your arms . '' 
 i did as he asked , the towel sliding out of my lap . 
 pressing my eyes closed , i concentrated on the frantic pace of my heart . 
 there was n't a scrap of clothing on me . 
 jack could see every inch of me . 
 the soft bristles on my skin fanned out the thick paint , smoothing it . 
 jack was working the paint differently than he usually did , spreading vibrant colors from my waist toward my neck . 
 when the brush stroked along under my breast , i could n't stand it . 
 fighting the urge to squirm in my chair , i opened my eyes and stared straight ahead . 
 but it did n't help . 
 now i could see jack , his eyes narrow as he concentrated , his brush dipping in cobalt paint , dripping on my lap as he stroked the cold paint across my nak * d body . 
 stroke by stroke he covered my br ** sts , each stroke of blue brighter than the last . 
 when the brush slid over my nipple , i could n't hold myself still . 
 i squirmed , a gasp rushing from my lips . 
 jack stopped , and gazed at me , `` are you all right ? 
 i should have said something . 
 the paint 's cold and the skin 's more sensitive there . '' 
 i nodded , too nervous to speak . 
 jack 's lips , his face was in front of my breast . 
 as he spoke , his warm breath slid over the painted skin , making me shiver . 
 i pressed my eyes closed , trying to ignore the erotic images flashing through my mind-all involving jack . 
 `` should i stop ? '' 
 he asked . 
 flicking my eyes open , hands still draped over my head , i said , `` no . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 jack eyed me for a moment . 
 he must have decided that i was telling the truth . 
 his paintbrush dipped back into three different cans and returned to my breast . 
 each stroke swept from beneath my breast , passing over my taught n ** ples and onto the top of my breast . 
 my eyes were mashed shut like he was torturing me . 
 grabbing my wrists , i held onto my arms tightly on top of my scalp , digging my nails into my skin so i 'd sit still . 
 jack 's hands were controlling the brushes , spreading out the paint . 
 soon the cool wet strokes were replaced with soft dry brushes , fanning the paint . 
 i squeezed my thighs tighter , trying to ignore the sensations he was sending through my body . 
 after the last stroke , i heard his voice and opened my eyes . 
 he stood in front of me , admiring the paint clinging to my nak * d body . 
 his voice was rough , `` damn , abby , you 're beautiful . '' 
 he breathed the last word , like he could n't believe what he was seeing . 
 i stared at the dark stubble on his cheeks , the hair that fell into his eyes . 
 jack was still jack and i was nearly undone by strokes of his paint brush . 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i nodded , `` as ready as i 'll ever be . '' 
 my voice was higher than usual , tight . 
 my knees were shaking from holding my thighs together , my arms burned from keeping them above my head for so long . 
 `` you look perfect . 
 do n't move . 
 not yet . '' 
 he turned his head abruptly , and grabbed a huge crinoline skirt from the other side of the studio . 
 when he came back to the chair , he untied the thing and said , `` stand . '' 
 that was easier said than done . 
 my legs shook as i slid off the stool . 
 my balance was questionable when i was n't nak * d with my arms pinned to the top of my head . 
 jack smiled briefly as i gained my footing . 
 his hand brushed my elbow , steadying me , shooting dark currents through my stomach more intensely than i thought possible . 
 leaning forward , jack opened the huge skirt so that it was a flat panel . 
 he held it by two strings and moved closer to me . 
 reaching around behind my back , careful not to touch me , he pulled the skirt around my waist . 
 as he tied it , he looked down at me , every curve exposed , his lips inches away . 
 after the bow was tied , i felt a little better . 
 jack touched the crinoline skirt , holding my h * ps and giving me a little push for the canvas . 
 i moved toward it , my throat tight . 
 `` what are we doing jack ? 
 i ca n't lay down on it without putting my arms down . '' 
 `` keep your arms up , abby . 
 i still have to paint your hair , too . 
 but we 're doing it different this time . 
 i 'll lay you on the canvas . 
 you rest your hands high , away from your body . 
 i 'll fan your hair and paint it while you lay there . 
 then i 'll shoot you with the overhead camera ; then i 'll paint . 
 okay ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` okay , step over here and face away from me . 
 this is going to be like the trust game , but it 'll feel worse . '' 
 `` because i 'm nak * d , covered in paint , and holding my arms over my head ? 
 or because you 're going to drop me ? '' 
 i grinned . 
 he could n't see me , and i suddenly felt a little more confident . 
 `` wise ass , '' there was laughter in his voice . 
 `` we should do this with you when i 'm done . 
 i 'll catch you , jack . 
 i totally promise . '' 
 to my surprise , he said , `` anything you want , abby . '' 
 he cleared his throat , his tone changing again . 
 `` keep your hands over your head , and lean back . 
 i 'll catch you before you hit the floor . '' 
 nodding , i fully intended to do it . 
 this was the easiest part of the whole thing , but i stood there unable to move . 
 every time i thought i could lean back , i froze and did n't move . 
 finally jack asked , `` how the hell did you let me paint you if you do n't trust me ? '' 
 i shrugged , `` i 'm mental , jack . 
 you know that . 
 i sucked at this game when i was little . '' 
 his voice was deep , alluring , `` you 're not little anymore , abby . 
 fall . 
 do it . 
 i 'll catch you . '' 
 his voice was firm , commanding . 
 it did something to me . 
 i closed my eyes and leaned back . 
 my body tensed as i fought the natural instinct to curl into a ball and try to stop the fall . 
 i did n't flare out my hands to stop me , they stayed clung to my head . 
 the air rushed by , making the paint feel colder when jack 's warm hands caught my shoulders and slowly lowered me to the floor . 
 he smiled softly at me , upside-down , `` i 'll always catch you , abby . '' 
 he did n't say anything else . 
 the focused expression overtook his features again . 
 he worked , stroking out my hair , covering it in paint , and painting the surrounding canvas . 
 his eyes slid over my body several times when he was done with my hair , arms folded , a finger tapping his lips . 
 every breath i took made my chest expand and my heart beat harder . 
 jack tapped , and i could n't move . 
 after a moment , he grabbed more paint and started painting the skirt i was wearing . 
 the paint soaked in making it heavier . 
 his fingers wrapped around my ankle , moving my legs farther apart . 
 `` jack , '' i breathed his name without meaning to , my eyes closed , skin still tingling where he touched me . 
 i heard him jump to his feet as he said , `` stay like that . 
 do n't move . '' 
 within seconds i heard the shutter of the camera snapping away . 
 then he was back , standing over the canvas , looking down at me . 
 `` abby . '' 
 i opened my eyes , glancing at him without turning my head . 
 i flushed . 
 he smiled , not commenting on it . 
 `` can you do this ? '' 
 he moved his hand , pointing at mine , asking me to copy him . 
 i did as directed , smearing the paint beneath my arm . 
 i moved my head from side to side , dragging my hair , making it look like a tangle of tendrils on the fabric . 
 finally he said , `` roll over very slowly . 
 do n't press your side to the canvas . 
 just try to flip over like a pancake the best you can . '' 
 i arched an eyebrow at him . 
 `` pancakes do n't wear floor-length tutus . 
 i do n't know if i can , jack . 
 i do n't want to mess it up . '' 
 `` you ca n't mess it up , abby . 
 flip . '' 
 he sounded certain . 
 `` and my arms ? 
 you still want them above my head ? '' 
 he nodded , serious . 
 his eyes were on me , moving across my body , taking in each and every curve covered in paint . 
 `` i want the impression of your br ** sts , your stomach , and your waist . '' 
 his finger was tapping his lip , that perfectly pink lip . 
 tearing my gaze from him , i did as he asked . 
 i attempted to flip over onto my stomach . 
 the sensation of the paint sliding made the landing feel different than i thought . 
 i expected it to feel like a belly flop , which would have stung my stomach and br ** sts , but this felt different . 
 the paint slid as my weight came down , pressing my figure into the canvas . 
 my body let out a huff of air , paint covered hair trailing behind me , sticking to my back as i flipped . 
 the skirt was huge and half twisted , half folded under me . 
 `` oh , jack , i 'm sorry . 
 the skirt ... '' i was about to apologize , but i felt his hands under my arms pulling me backwards , away from the canvas like a stamp . 
 my back was to his front , as he lifted me . 
 the skirt sounded like a million shopping bags crinkling at the same time . 
 he twisted me toward him . 
 eyes dark , he pressed his body against mine , getting paint all over his shirt . 
 `` the painting is perfect because you are perfect . 
 abby ... '' his voice hitched in his throat . 
 his arms were wrapped around my waist , his lips next to my ear , silent . 
 my heart was racing in my chest . 
 jack held onto me , nak * d and covered in paint . 
 before my bubble could swell any bigger , it burst . 
 jack 's arms loosened , releasing me . 
 he nodded toward the shower and said , `` better change . '' 
 chapter nineteen after the shower , i put on a pair of jack 's sweats and laid on the couch in the studio . 
 jack continued to work as i drifted off to sleep . 
 a strange feeling spread over me before that night was over . 
 i did n't know if it was dread or elation , but somewhere in my gut i knew it was both . 
 i woke up the next morning to the scent of coffee and jack 's painting hung on the wall . 
 he stood in front of it , freshly dressed , dark jeans hugging his narrow hips , shirtless . 
 his feet were bare as well . 
 laying on my side , i stared at what i 'd done . 
 it was so different from his other paintings . 
 the oranges and blues were bright , passionate . 
 there was nothing muted about it . 
 turning , jack saw my eyes , and smiled . 
 he walked toward me , with a cup of coffee in his hand , `` good morning , '' he said , handing it to me . 
 i sat up , reddish brown hair pressed to the side of my face . 
 he looked stunning . 
 i forced my eyes to his face and smiled shyly , `` good morning jack . '' 
 i jumped in the shower and put on another pair of his sweats . 
 when i came out , jack was standing there , waiting for me . 
 there was a moment of silence as my eyes drifted past him to the canvas . 
 that 's when he asked softly , `` do you regret it ? '' 
 i glanced up at him , and shook my head . 
 `` no . 
 necessary evil , i suppose . '' 
 he bristled , `` of course . '' 
 reaching for his shirt , he turned and pulled it over his head . 
 the black tee molded to his body , as he walked away . 
 it took me a second to figure out what upset him . 
 `` jack , '' my voice was sharp . 
 `` i 'm a minister and i stripped for you . 
 there 's a nak * d painting of me hanging on your wall . '' 
 my voice cracked . 
 the wave of what-have-i-done crashed into me . 
 he turned back to me , a wounded expression on his face . 
 `` it 's not stripping . 
 it 's not hooking . 
 it 's not f ** king like that ! '' 
 the veins in his neck rose as he yelled . 
 `` maybe for you it was n't , but for me it was . '' 
 he huffed , and turned , ready to leave , but i grabbed his arm . 
 `` stop , and listen . 
 damn it , jack ! 
 you do n't listen ! 
 maybe it meant nothing to you , but it did to me . 
 it matters . 
 this is something that was supposed to be with my soulmate , and not strewn across a canvas . 
 i wanted the first man to see me , the first guy that touched me , to be someone who actually loved me . 
 i wanted those things , jack . 
 this is n't how i thought things would be . 
 it feels wrong , not because of you , but because of me . '' 
 my voice faded as i spoke . 
 i could n't look at him . 
 it was n't shame ; it was disappointment . 
 somewhere in the back of my mind , it felt like i settled , and it unhinged me . 
 jack stood in front of me , his jaw set tight , listening . 
 when i stopped , he breathed deeply , trying to calm himself . 
 `` what do you want , abby ? '' 
 his voice softened . 
 he leaned closer to me . 
 i took a step back . 
 `` do you want me to tell you what you want to hear ? 
 i do n't even know what the f ** k that is ? 
 i try to talk to you , to tell you , but you seem so unattainable ... like a goddess just out of reach . 
 last night it was all i could manage to keep my hands off of you . 
 the scent of your skin was intoxicating , and yet , i could n't touch you . 
 i ca n't ever touch you . 
 i ca n't ever have you ; i ca n't ever love you because you 're not mine . 
 you 're out of bounds . '' 
 my voice squeaked , my jaw dropped as i looked up into his stormy eyes , `` what did you say ? '' 
 his shoulders slumped as he shook his head , his hands pressing on his temples . 
 `` you 're out of bounds . 
 i ca n't be the one that makes you fall , abby . 
 you chose your path , you said your vows , and since that 's the life you want , i 'll help you keep it . '' 
 he turned from me , walking back to the painting . 
 i stared at his back . 
 every part of me felt like it shattered into a million pieces . 
 did he say he loved me ? 
 did i really hear those words fall from his gorgeous lips ? 
 padding to him slowly , i stopped behind him , asking , `` jack ? '' 
 he turned , his expression still unpredictable . 
 `` kiss me . '' 
 i whispered the words , standing there in front of him with my lips parted , barely breathing . 
 his eyes fixated on my lips , watching me , wanting me . 
 without tearing his gaze away , he said , `` i ca n't . 
 i ca n't do that to you . 
 i missed my chance . '' 
 the last words were a whisper . 
 i stepped closer to him , looking up into his face . 
 he was close enough to touch , but i did n't dare . 
 `` what chance ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he gazed down at me , blinking like it would erase the memory from his mind . 
 `` high school . 
 before you ran . 
 i did n't want to mess things up between us . 
 i thought if you really wanted to kiss me that you 'd complete the kiss . 
 but you did n't . '' 
 `` i thought you did n't want me . 
 from the way you acted , i thought i did n't matter to you like that . '' 
 his eyes were wide , and soft , so soft . 
 he breathed , `` i 've always wanted you like that . 
 but the things you said , about my past , about the other girls-it seemed to cancel out any chance with you . '' 
 swallowing hard , i gazed at his face , his eyes that seemed so lost and haunted . 
 i shook my head softly . 
 `` i grew up , jack . 
 your past does n't matter to me . 
 it 's part of you . '' 
 he reached out for me , tugging me by the waist closer to him . 
 gazing down into my face , he whispered , `` i 'm sorry , but i ca n't be the one to start this . 
 i ca n't be the one to pull you from your calling and break your vows . '' 
 reaching up , i stroked his cheek , gently running my fingers along his smooth skin . 
 he sucked in a jagged breath , closing his eyes . 
 jack 's scent was perfect , filling my head , making me bold . 
 leaning in , i pressed my lips gently to his . 
 lowering my lashes , i could feel his breath hitch as it happened . 
 my head swam . 
 the sensations flooded my body making me want more of him , but he pulled away . 
 `` i ca n't , abby ... '' he pressed his lips together tight , looking away from me at the canvas on the wall . 
 `` i can be anything and everything else for you , but i ca n't be the one who makes you fall . '' 
 chapter twenty the next few days passed in silence . 
 i went back to kate 's to get away from jack , but it did me no good . 
 everything made me think of him . 
 the way his eyes looked at me the other night . 
 the way he spoke of me as though i was an angel and his love would condemn me made me cry . 
 kate noticed i was missing sunday night , and grilled me on it the next day . 
 her dirty mind asked , `` did you sleep with him ? 
 why 'd you stay over ? '' 
 swallowing hard , i picked at my bagel . 
 i wanted to talk about it with someone . 
 jack held me so high that it felt like i was horrible for wanting him so much . 
 i glanced up at her , `` he painted me . '' 
 she choked on her bagel . 
 `` what ? 
 like one of his nak * d girls ? '' 
 `` exactly like one of his nak * d girls , '' picking at the bread , i formed a pattern on my plate . 
 i pushed the crumbs around with my finger . 
 glancing up , i could see kate 's eyes widen . 
 `` abby , '' she stared , not blinking , paused like a cartoon character in total shock . 
 `` why ? 
 why would you do that ? '' 
 `` he 's giving me the painting . 
 i can do what i want with it . 
 no one can see it , and it can stay at the top of my closet forever or i can auction it off and get rid of my loans . 
 it would let me start preaching somewhere else . '' 
 `` who in their right mind will take a nude preacher ? 
 abby , what were you thinking ? '' 
 i glared at her , wishing she asked different questions . 
 `` you wo n't be able to tell it 's me , and no one else was there , so they wo n't know who it was either . 
 kate , it 's already done . 
 i did n't have a problem with it , so neither should you . '' 
 `` then what 's wrong ? '' 
 she sipped her coffee , her tone softer . 
 `` he said he loves me . '' 
 my eyes stung and i could feel my lashes growing wet as i tried to stop the tears . 
 i was such a mess . 
 before i left texas i knew exactly what i wanted , and now , the only thing i wanted was jack and he would n't have me . 
 `` abby , '' she gasped , `` what happened ? 
 what 'd you say ? '' 
 `` i tried to kiss him , but he would n't . 
 he said he would be the reason i `` fell . '' 
 kate , he talks about me like i 'm an angel , and being with him will ruin me . 
 after all this time , i found out why he did n't kiss me , that he loved me since the beginning . 
 and now it 's too late . '' 
 kate shifted her chair so she was sitting next to me , and handed me a napkin to dab my eyes . 
 i took a deep breath to steady myself . 
 `` there 's only one thing to do , abby . '' 
 i glanced at kate . 
 her dark hair was swooped up into a sloppy ponytail on top of her head , and an oversized sweater swallowed her body . 
 `` you need to show him that you 've already fallen . '' 
 chapter twenty-one kate continued , `` if he thinks you 're out of reach , if being with you will hurt you , he wo n't do it . 
 you have to show him that it wo n't , abby . 
 make him see you , all of you-your heart , mind , and soul-and accept that you choose him . '' 
 i shook my head , `` i tried , kate , but he would n't listen . 
 he pushed me away . '' 
 `` was this before or after he painted you ? '' 
 she asked , a sharp gleam in her eye like she had a plan . 
 `` after , '' i replied , eyeing her . 
 `` what difference does that make ? '' 
 `` it 's a world of difference . 
 here 's what you should do , '' and she started telling me a plan that made me blush brightly . 
 kate laughed , shaking her head . 
 `` it 's an all or nothing plan . 
 you have to be bold . 
 shyness will only make him think he 's corrupting you . 
 do you think you can do it ? '' 
 `` i have to try . '' 
 __________ only a few short weeks had passed since i got here . 
 i managed to pay my loans once by myself and it felt good . 
 i felt good . 
 part of me that had been repressed suddenly felt alive , and she was n't backing down without a fight . 
 jack was the prize and i could n't lose him again . 
 i spent the rest of the day getting ready . 
 i washed my hair way too many times , until the sand was all gone . 
 there was a small beach in the drainpipe by the time i was done . 
 i pulled on a lacey bra and panty set that i got at the mall a few days ago . 
 i bought them thinking no one would ever see them . 
 now i was putting them on hoping that jack would see them and take them off of me . 
 butterflies swarmed in my stomach , making me feel sick . 
 part of me whispered that i should embrace the sickness and bury myself under the covers , but my giddy inner child was ready for an adventure . 
 she wanted to jump off cliffs , and do things that made my heart pound . 
 we high-fived and i shoved her into the back of my mind where she tied up my reasoning and held it captive with her unicorn . 
 there was no way i would chicken out . 
 i was going to do this . 
 after gazing in the mirror , i slid a pair of dark jeans over the sexy bottoms and felt beautiful . 
 my hair cooperated , my makeup looked exceptional . 
 there was only one thing left to do . 
 i grabbed my bag and headed toward jack 's studio . 
 when i arrived the place was dark . 
 i let myself in , and locked the door behind me . 
 walking through the blackened halls , i looked for jack . 
 the echo of my heels hitting the tile filled my ears . 
 moving through the space , i found jack outside , behind the studio , sitting in a chair with a drink in his hand , staring up at the sky . 
 `` hey , '' i said after watching him for a moment . 
 his dark hair fell forward as he lifted his head and looked at me . 
 his face lit up , `` abby . 
 i did n't think you were coming tonight . '' 
 i shrugged , like what else would i be doing . 
 my heart beat wildly in my chest as i straddled the chair next to him and said , `` i heard you were short on models . 
 i want another painting , but i want to help paint it . '' 
 his eyes were dark and brooding . 
 they slid over my face , hesitant to go lower . 
 `` i barely survived last night . 
 i do n't have it in me , abby . '' 
 standing , i said , `` i think you do . '' 
 i pulled him up by his hand and led him back inside . 
 removing his drink from his hand , i put it down on the table . 
 leaning into him , i spoke softly , but firmly , `` i 'll be clothed this time , jack . 
 you can do it . 
 i wo n't let you say no . '' 
 jack 's eyes met mine . 
 he seemed so distraught . 
 `` i already told you , abby . 
 i ca n't do this . 
 i ca n't undo you . 
 you 're out of reach for me . 
 you always have been . '' 
 i took his hand in mine , and pressed it over my heart . 
 his fingers grazed my breast , `` do you feel what you do to me ? '' 
 if my heart slammed into my ribs any harder , they 'd crack . 
 he could feel it , racing wildly beneath his hand . 
 his gaze remained melancholy . 
 `` jack , look at me . '' 
 his blue eyes met mine . 
 they were darkening , wanting something he could n't have . 
 holding his hand to my heart , i leaned in to kiss him , but he looked down . 
 his voice was breathy , barely controlled , `` i ca n't . 
 abby , i ca n't make you fall . '' 
 `` jack , '' i cupped his face in my hands , pulling it back up so i could look into his eyes . 
 `` i 've already fallen . 
 nothing you do will stop that . 
 pushing me away only makes us both miserable . 
 paint me . '' 
 i whispered , pressing my chest to his , feeling the warmth of his body against mine . 
 before he could say no , i stepped away . 
 peeling off my shirt as i walked , i grabbed a brush and a can of paint . 
 jack 's eyes burned into me , i felt hot all over , my stomach twisting in knots . 
 i dipped the large brush in red and drew a long stroke between my br ** sts over my lace bra . 
 the color clung to the fabric , seeping beneath it . 
 i dipped the brush again and again , putting on more colors and painting my upper body . 
 jack watched me , frozen , his jaw tense , arms folded like he was holding himself back . 
 i did n't stop . 
 i ignored his warning . 
 dropping the brush , i allowed it to splatter on the floor at my feet . 
 lowering my hands , i slowly unbuttoned my jeans , sliding them down over the curve of my hips , revealing the white lace beneath . 
 jack 's eyes locked on mine . 
 they were pleading for me to stop , his voice was heavy with want , warning me , `` abby ... '' his voice was ragged , his breathing tight . 
 his eyes watched me like he needed me , wanted me . 
 the jeans slipped off my ankle and i stepped out of them , bending over slowly , showing him the curve of my hips . 
 i pushed the denim aside . 
 i dipped my hands in paint , rising , and watching him . 
 ribbons of red and blue trailed up to my elbows as i held my hands in front of me . 
 sliding my fingers across my body , i slowly covered every curve in blue and red , painting over my pretty lace set without a second thought . 
 jack 's eyes watched me like a predator ready to pounce . 
 the muscles in his arms twitched . 
 breathlessly , i asked , `` which canvas ? '' 
 there were several clean canvases laid out on the floor . 
 jack unfolded his arms for half a second and pointed . 
 i followed his finger to the largest one in the center of the room . 
 moonlight spilled in through the window behind jack , making him look ethereal . 
 i stood in front of the canvas and glanced at him , my heart pounding in my chest . 
 i barely had a voice , `` help me lay down . 
 jack ... '' i whispered his name , feeling it form on my swollen lips . 
 every part of my body was tingling , wanting him to touch me , to taste me . 
 for a moment he did n't move . 
 his eyes remained on my body , refusing to look in my eyes . 
 slowly , he pushed off the table he was leaning against as he had watched me cover my flesh in paint . 
 he moved slowly , and stopped in front of me . 
 heart pounding in my chest , i asked , `` help me fall , jack , '' and before he could answer i leaned back . 
 without a moment 's hesitation , jack reached for me . 
 his strong arms caught my body , linking around my waist , and pulling me back up toward him . 
 he was breathing hard , `` abby , you undo me . 
 how could i tell you no when you act like that ? '' 
 jack turned me toward him , his firm hands pressed into the soft skin at my back . 
 `` then kiss me . 
 show me you love me . '' 
 he hesitated , `` what about your vows ? 
 what about ... ? '' 
 `` you 're the one person that 's perfect for me . 
 as long as you know it , i trust you . '' 
 `` there 's no going back , abby . '' 
 he closed his eyes , trying to speak-his body pressed into me , hard and wanting . 
 warmth covered my skin like fire , racing to my core . 
 `` there was never anything without you . '' 
 i linked my arms around his neck and pressed my body flush to his , as i lightly dusted my lips across his mouth . 
 jack melted in my hands . 
 the wall that he put between us came crashing down . 
 i gasped as he pulled me tightly against him , his lips pressing harder against mine , tasting me , testing me . 
 his hands slid up and down my body , feeling the curves of my bare waist , sliding over the thin fabric that covered my butt . 
 paint covered his hands as he threaded them through my hair , his kisses becoming hotter . 
 without a word , he swept me up in his arms and lowered me to the canvas . 
 covering my body in kisses , he pulled back , his face covered in paint , like mine . 
 i smiled at him as he took the can of red and drizzled the paint across my chest . 
 placing the can down , he took the blue and poured it over my stomach . 
 the paint was cool to the touch , sliding over my hot skin more sensually than the night before . 
 jack put his hands on me , stroking the paint with his fingers , with my body moving under his touch . 
 sighing deeply , my head was swimming . 
 jack pulled his shirt over his head , and removed his jeans . 
 my eyes slipped over his body , wanting to touch it , taste it , and feel him inside me . 
 jack laid himself on top of me , slowly sliding against me , paint spreading , mixing between us . 
 he rolled off of me , and pulled me on top of him . 
 straddling his nak * d hips , i looked down at him , paint dripping from my hair . 
 his hands reached up behind me , unclasping the once white bra . 
 it fell away , and he cupped my breast in his hand , squeezing me gently . 
 i leaned my head back , swaying . 
 my h * ps began to move on their own as he touched me , making me moan his name . 
 every spot on my skin was on fire . 
 i wanted his hands , his lips , touching me , kissing me . 
 i writhed under his touch , craving more , not feeling sated . 
 calling his name , i tried to pull him to me , but he whispered , `` not yet , '' in my ear . 
 teasing me with his teeth , he nipped my neck and trailed kissed down my body , stopping at my panties . 
 lifting my bottom , he slid his hands underneath and pulled them off , tossing them aside . 
 i knew the paint could cover every inch of our bodies and wash away , but when his lips trailed over my painted neck i wondered . 
 as if jack could read the thoughts running through my mind about the paint , he said , `` it tastes like sugar , sweet like syrup . 
 the paint ca n't hurt you , abby . '' 
 i gazed at him , elated . 
 that was part of my plan that had been uncertain . 
 i 'd planned on trying to drag him back to the shower , but when his paint covered lips began to kiss me , my brain melted . 
 pulse pounding in my ears , i trembled as jack 's hand traveled up my thigh and slid between my legs . 
 his lips brushed kisses on my neck , as his fingers moved inside of me . 
 jack 's eyes closed as he felt me , his breath ragged , `` abby . . . '' 
 he breathed in my ear , lowering his body to mine , keeping his hand between my legs , rubbing , stroking me gently . 
 my back arched off the canvas , pushing into his hand harder . 
 i needed him , wanted him . 
 i called his name again , softly saying it over and over . 
 he answered , `` tell me you want me , abby . 
 tell me to take you and make you mine . '' 
 i could feel his beautiful smile against the side of my face . 
 i could barely breathe . 
 jack pulled his hand away , sliding it between my br ** sts , circling the nipple with my wetness . 
 bending down he blew gently , making me shiver , before putting his warm mouth on my body . 
 trailing his tongue along the soft flesh , he licked and sucked , making me long for him even more . 
 over and over i moaned softly , `` make me yours , jack . 
 please . 
 take me . '' 
 my nails dragged across his skin when i could n't take it anymore . 
 i would have done anything he wanted in that moment just to feel him inside of me . 
 that was when jack moved on top of me . 
 he was so hard , his length pressing against me , sliding himself between my legs and pushing gently within me . 
 his hands in my hair , his lips at me ear , `` are you all right ? '' 
 i nodded , looking into his eyes . 
 the pupils were wide and dark , consuming all the blue . 
 his breath was sweet , drifting over my body as he looked down at me . 
 the sheen on his skin , the sweat that glistened , made me want to slide my tongue over his entire body and feel him inside of me . 
 my body shivered , doing things i did n't know it could do , wanting things i thought i 'd never want . 
 and with jack , i wanted every bit of it . 
 jack moved slowly , like i was made of glass , but that was n't what i wanted . 
 it felt like divine torture , as he slid in slowly , gently-barely pushing-careful not to hurt me . 
 my mind was reeling , my skin slick and on fire . 
 every inch of my body wanted him . 
 it was so carnal and raw that i screamed out , slicing his back with my nails as i pulled his chest tighter to mine . 
 breathless , i said , `` take me , jack . '' 
 my voice was firm , needing him-wanting him to move in me the way my body craved . 
 i wanted to feel the force of his thrusts inside of me . 
 i wanted him to push into me so hard that there was only jack , and the two of us were one . 
 his hands held my hips , his gentle thrusts inside of me stopping as i spoke . 
 his eyes were like blue flames , flickering with heat i did n't know he possessed . 
 desire glowed within their depths and only one thing would sate him , me . 
 my words shattered him , stripping away any semblance of control he once had . 
 jack , the man who was always in control , suddenly was n't . 
 he moved faster , pushing into me harder and harder . 
 our bodies moved as one , sliding and thrusting , taking us higher and higher . 
 my mind was blank , light , and free . 
 there was only scent and skin , slick with need . 
 the way he moved inside of me , the position of his hands on my skin , his breath in my ear as he pushed into me-it was ecstasy filling me in the form of jack gray . 
 `` come for me abby , '' he breathed in my ear . 
 his smooth body moving against mine , his sweat filled my head , making me needy , making me spread my legs wider so he could push deeper . 
 my body reacted to his movements , clutching against him as i came . 
 jack pushed into me twice more , slow and hard . 
 he tensed , as i pulsated around him , drawing him into me . 
 when his body relaxed , he fell onto me , kissing my face . 
 covered in sweat , paint , and each other , i laid next to him feeling completely wonderful . 
 his fingers threaded through mine , his lips pressing against the side of my face , in my hair and my lips . 
 `` abby , oh my god . '' 
 worry creased a line between his brows . 
 he pushed himself up and looked down at me concerned , `` did i hurt you ? 
 i should n't have done that to you . 
 it was too much too fast . '' 
 he was shaking his head , but i put my hand on his cheek and he stilled , his face still full of worry . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i smiled . 
 every bit of my body felt like it was glowing softly , humming . 
 `` jack , that was perfect . 
 more than i thought it 'd be . '' 
 he grinned , sliding down on his side so he could look at me . 
 `` more than you thought ? 
 how long have you been thinking these kinds of things , abby ? '' 
 i did n't think it was possible , but i felt the blush rise to my face . 
 turning away , grinning , i started to roll over , but jack pulled me back , locking me on the floor beneath him , pinning me with his arm . 
 `` from the look on your face , i would think quite a bit longer than would be considered , um , what 's the word i 'm looking for ... ? '' 
 his voice trailed off as his smile deepened , leaning his head to mine , he said , `` oh , yeah-prudent . '' 
 he pressed a kiss to my forehead and pulled away a little , enough to see my full lips smiling sheepishly . 
 smiling , completely sated , i said , `` it 's not like i meant to . 
 sometimes thoughts would enter my mind . 
 i chased them away with a biblical broom , but they kept coming back when i was n't able to stop them . '' 
 his dark brow arched , a crooked grin on his face in disbelief , `` you dreamed about me ? '' 
 squirming , i replied , `` sometimes , yes . 
 the memory of you-of us-would light up in my mind making me rather hot and bothered for a preacher . '' 
 i smiled at him , loving every moment of this . 
 when his face turned serious my stomach clenched . 
 i wanted him happy , elated and carefree . 
 `` abby , '' he twirled one of my long reddish curls that was laying over my shoulder and on my breast , gliding his fingers along the sensitive skin . 
 something was bothering him , but my nak * dness was distracting , pulling him away from the thoughts that made him serious , but he could n't shake it . 
 he did n't drop the thought and soon i understood why . 
 `` i tried to keep this from happening , because i did n't want to make you miserable . 
 this does n't jive with what you believe at all , does it ? 
 i mean , doing erotic things and hav ** g s * x on the floor ... it 's not a marriage bed . '' 
 i understood what he meant , `` jack , do n't worry . 
 this was n't wrong in my head . '' 
 he looked at me , shocked , his perfect lips hanging open . 
 i pressed a finger to his mouth , closing it , smiling softly at him . 
 `` i 'm not the evangelical nut you seem to think i am . 
 it 's not like that . 
 there are a lot of things that do n't jive , and i just try to make the best of them . 
 like you . 
 i feel funny saying this to you , since it 's about you and you can tell how long i 've been enamored by you , but i will . 
 it 's the only way you 'll see that i 'm all right . '' 
 his fingers pressed into my hair , his palm cupping my cheek , hanging on my every word . 
 `` please tell me , abby . 
 because right now i 'm thinking that as soon as the lust clears you 're going to hate me . '' 
 his gaze remained on mine . 
 that haunted fear depicted in his paintings was lingering in their depths . 
 `` do n't worry , jack . 
 this fits with what i believe , and it was n't made up on the fly . 
 a long time ago i decided that soulmates were the best part of creation . 
 it 's a rare blessing to find someone who you can understand on a deeper level , but a soulmate goes beyond that . 
 it 's like the two are linked , as if they were made for each other , like eve was made for adam . 
 she not only shared his flesh , his body , but she shared his soul . 
 there 's nothing closer than that . 
 marriage was n't even on the table then , and they were together . 
 there are lots of other stories , haunting and horrible , where god 's people found their soulmate only to discover that they could n't be together . 
 others broke propriety and slept together before they were married . 
 ruth would be a total slut by today 's standards . 
 she was a poor woman , and slept with her master because her mother-in-law told her to . 
 but that was n't the only reason . 
 she loved him . 
 they were made for each other ... '' my voice drifted off , realizing that i 'd just told him much more than i thought i would . 
 it was n't that i wanted to hide it from him , it was that i was afraid of his reaction . 
 the concept of a soulmate was so much more binding than the concept of marriage . 
 it was more than monogamy . 
 it was not having eyes for anyone else . 
 it was being so lost in your lover that you were n't complete without them . 
 `` you think we 're soulmates ? '' 
 he asked softly , taking a deep breath . 
 i nodded . 
 understanding crossed his face . 
 `` that 's why ... that 's why you said you 'd already fallen . '' 
 he shook his head , seemingly annoyed with himself . 
 my heart fluttered with worry . 
 pushing up on my elbows , i looked over at him . 
 `` i teased you in high school because you had this try-it-before-you-buy-it mentality with women , so i thought that it was n't you-that you were n't made for me . 
 that moment of insanity , that second where i tried to kiss you so long ago , '' i took a deep breathe , `` that was what my gut was telling me , that you were made for me and i you . 
 there 's no reason why you have to accept it at all , jack . 
 you asked , you wanted to make sure i 'm okay , and i am . '' 
 nervousness filled my stomach like cold eels . 
 i wanted to squirm , run away , and hide-but i forced myself to sit there and wait for his blue eyes to narrow on me . 
 i had to wait for his smooth lips to move and accept or reject me . 
 his hand fell away from my face while i was talking , his gaze falling on the canvas below us . 
 when i 'd finished there was silence . 
 jack stared , unblinking for way too long . 
 my heart felt like it was going to explode , but he finally answered , `` you 're gut was n't wrong , abby . 
 i was n't the player you thought i was . 
 i 'd done stuff , yeah , but not everything . 
 and not with everyone i dated . 
 there was something missing with them . 
 something i did have with you . 
 i guarded what we had , i was so afraid of it slipping away , that i did n't see what was in front of me . '' 
 heart pounding in my ears , i replied , `` what was that , jack ? '' 
 his lips pulled up into a perfectly crooked grin , `` abby , there 's always been something missing when you 're not around . 
 i never connected with anyone the way i do with you , and i never wanted anyone as much as i wanted you . '' 
 his blue gaze pierced through my haze of shock . 
 he still seemed hesitant , withdrawn . 
 a confession was on his lips . 
 i held back , wanting to both throw my arms around him and wanting to run . 
 the look in his eyes made me cringe . 
 `` but i 've made mistakes , abby . 
 there have been others . 
 i 'm not pure like you . '' 
 i already knew that . 
 relief washed through me . 
 `` jack , you did n't know . 
 neither did i . 
 the past is the past . 
 we found each other . 
 that 's all that matters . '' 
 while i was speaking , i moved to my knees , and kneeled in front of him taking his face in my hands , feeling his stubble against my palms . 
 `` i love you , jack . '' 
 i pressed a gentle kiss against his lips , but he pulled me against his bare chest , kissing me harder . 
 when he came up for air , he was smiling wide , `` you keep saying all the good things first ! '' 
 he teased . 
 `` i was going to say that . 
 i was going to tell you that i loved you , that i loved you from the first moment i saw you , and want to love you for the rest of my life . 
 life without you , abby , you 've seen what it was-the paintings-you saw me in them , how lonely and unhappy i was ... '' his voice trailed off . 
 he swallowed hard , his lashes lowering as he looked down at me , kneeling nak * d before him , `` i 'm never letting you go , abby tyndale . '' 
 chapter twenty-two the rest of the night passed in bliss and we slept until the sun was high in the sky . 
 jack was certain of us , of me , that he did n't push some angelic creature off a cliff . 
 the more he thought about it , the more he liked the idea that i was his-body , mind and soul . 
 we were eating take-out from the chinese place later . 
 i pushed around a dumpling , trying to grab it with chopsticks and failing while jack was saying , `` you 're amazing . '' 
 his tone had taken that bedroom voice of his again . 
 `` ah , yes . 
 my ability to repel dumplings with a stick is quite a feat . 
 wait until you see me with seafood . 
 julia roberts has nothing on me , well , in terms of shell fish shooting off my plate . 
 i 'm guessing her hooker character was better in bed . '' 
 i grinned at him , and finally just stabbed the dumpling with one of the chopsticks . 
 i lifted it to my lips , but stopped when i saw jack staring . 
 `` what ? '' 
 the food hovered , as i looked at him quizzically . 
 `` i would have never thought you were a virgin , '' he blurted out . 
 the dumpling slid off my stick and bounced across the table . 
 we both watched it slide into a white carton before resuming eye contact . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked , shocked he 'd say such a thing . 
 `` okay , so now was n't the best time to bring it up , but you were the one talking about hookers and slamming yourself . 
 abby , you 're the best i 've ever been with . '' 
 i laughed , pointing the empty chopstick at him , `` uh huh . '' 
 i did n't believe him . 
 actually , i believed he was trying to spare me my feelings . 
 `` tell me why that is ? '' 
 jack leaned across the table , taking my hands , pulling me toward him . 
 when i gazed up at him , he said , `` because you do n't hold back . 
 you said what you meant , and moved how you felt . 
 you have no idea how sexy that is , how much power that gives you over me . 
 abby , i nearly came watching you strip . 
 when you added the paint i was frozen . 
 the last thing i wanted to say was no . 
 if that 's what you do when you 're a virgin , i ca n't wait to see what you do later . '' 
 he grinned wickedly at me , squeezing my hand once and releasing it . 
 eyeing me from his seat he added , `` and i know you 're sore . 
 i promise i wo n't touch you for the rest of the day . '' 
 i squirmed , wondering how he could tell . 
 he glanced up at me , `` well , i wo n't touch you there . 
 it does n't mean we ca n't have fun doing other things . '' 
 my breath caught in my throat . 
 suddenly i was n't very hungry . 
 staring at him , i asked , `` what other things ? '' 
 `` your curiosity is dangerous , tyndale , '' he replied grinning . 
 tilting my head , `` your evasion was noted , gray . '' 
 `` eat your food , abby . 
 you 're going to need your strength . '' 
 he winked at me and i flushed . 
 heart pounding in my chest , i felt my sore girl parts perk up-ready for more jack gray . 
 chapter twenty-three the canvas from the sex painting was still wet . 
 jack hung it on the wall , letting it dry . 
 hands on his hips , he stepped back admiring it . 
 my stomach fluttered a little when i looked at it . 
 okay , it fluttered a lot and made me tingle in all my girlie places . 
 it was hot . 
 to everyone else it looked like one of jack 's works gone more abstract , but to us , it meant something else . 
 it was a beginning . 
 perched on a tabletop , i sat swinging my legs and staring at jack 's ass . 
 i did n't realize i was doing it until he glanced over his shoulder to ask me a question . 
 his arms were folded against his chest as his eyes shifted , full of mischief and lust-like mine . 
 my lips pursed when he saw me . 
 i was going to deny it , but shrugged instead , and said `` you 're easy on the eyes , gray . 
 what do you want me to say ? '' 
 `` did you always ogle me so openly and i never noticed ? '' 
 i laughed , hanging my head , my hair falling forward . 
 i flipped my hair back as he walked over to me , a sexy grin on his face . 
 `` at times . 
 it 's hard not to admire you when you 're standing so perfectly . '' 
 that thought brought a question to the front of my mind . 
 `` is that what you meant by saying i was all shapes and lines ? 
 shadows and light ? 
 was that to conceal your lusting eyes from me ? '' 
 he laughed , `` they were n't concealed , and if you knew what i was thinking that night , you would n't have come back . '' 
 `` why 's that ? 
 what hideously kinky thoughts were you thinking ? '' 
 his words peaked my curiosity . 
 i slid off the table and stepped in front of him , looking into his eyes , knowing there were only a few days of this left . 
 only a handful of days before everyone was back at the studio . 
 he sighed a ragged breath , running his fingers through his hair . 
 damn , he was hot . 
 every mannerism he had made me want him more . 
 my tongue touched my top lip as i watched him . 
 `` abby , '' he groaned , throaty and raw-the same way he said my name last night . 
 `` you 're killing me . '' 
 i had n't realized what i 'd done until jack seemed to melt in front of me . 
 he grinned , his eyes dark and needy as they slid over me . 
 slipping his hands around my waist , he yanked me up against him . 
 i could feel him stiff and ready . 
 i gasped , `` jack . '' 
 he pushed me away , as if teasing me , tempting me . 
 shaking his head , he said smiling , dimples showing , `` we 're going to have to make up for missing ten years of sex in a couple of days , are n't we ? '' 
 i blushed , looking up at him through lowered lashes , but i very much liked the sound of that . 
 `` damn , abby . 
 i 'm the luckiest man alive . 
 ten years of sex in two days . '' 
 his body tensed as his gaze slid over me , lingering on my br ** sts , noticing my n ** ples showing through my tee shirt . 
 the bottom of my stomach fell when he looked at me like that . 
 i was sure i was wet again . 
 i nodded , `` sounds fine by me . '' 
 he whispered in my ear , his hand sliding over the curve of my breast while he spoke , `` it 'll be better than fine . 
 you 'll be so sated , so wonderfully satisfied that you 'll be sore for a week . '' 
 `` then do it , painter boy . 
 show me what you want , what you like . '' 
 i tilted my head to the side , hair falling away from my face . 
 `` jack , what are we waiting for ? 
 if i 'm going to be sore anyway , why wait ? '' 
 i was seriously asking . 
 i did n't know much about this . 
 i 'd always tried to tame my sexuality , and subdue the urges of the flesh . 
 and right then , my urges wanted our flesh nak * d , sliding together . 
 taking me by the face , jack thrust his fingers into my hair , tugging gently as i spoke . 
 his eyes grew darker as his breathing slowed , becoming deeper . 
 `` you undo me , abby . 
 i 'm completely lost , and want to give you anything and everything you ask for , but there 's one thing i want . '' 
 my lips were close to his , `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` i want to take you , be with you without worrying that i 'm hurting you . '' 
 he ran his fingers through my hair , his hot hands sliding against my cheek . 
 `` did n't you do that already ? 
 last night ? '' 
 he nodded , `` that 's part of the reason you were sore . 
 it was too soon . '' 
 disappointment must have been visible on my face . 
 kissing my lips softly , he said , `` there are other ways to be together . 
 other things to do that are just as sexy . 
 abby , let me give you today my way . 
 let me show you other things , things you may like just as much as feeling me inside of you . '' 
 the heat that pumped into me as he spoke made me lose my ability to speak . 
 i nodded , agreeing to his proposal . 
 he smiled , `` promise me one thing , though . 
 no matter what we do today , no matter how hot you get , do n't ask me to f ** k you because i wo n't be able to tell you no . '' 
 biting my lower lip , eyes locked on his-mesmerized-i nodded . 
 chapter twenty-four jack was on a ladder , unstrapping his camera from the ceiling . 
 i was going to be the object of his adoration in a photo shoot . 
 the idea made me nervous and excited at the same time . 
 to distract myself from the butterflies swarming in my stomach , i asked , `` what are you doing about your business leak ? '' 
 not turning to look down , he continued to untwist the screws that clamped the camera in place . 
 `` well , i 've discovered that i 'm completely in love with the main suspect , and that there 's no way in hell she did it . 
 however , i ca n't use the deductive reasoning i used with her on everyone else . '' 
 i snorted , `` i should hope not . 
 gus would file a sexual harassment claim in a heartbeat . '' 
 he laughed , shaking his head . 
 `` gus is a partner , he 'd be filing the claim against himself if he did that . '' 
 my lip curled , `` yuck . 
 let 's not talk about what gus does to himself . '' 
 i was joking , and it was way more raunchy than the things i usually said . 
 where the hell did that come from ? 
 jack snorted , nearly dropping the camera , `` what 's gotten into you ? 
 you go from being a nun to a. . . '' 
 `` to a what , jack ? '' 
 i grinned , coaxing him on . 
 `` to a seductress , abby . 
 to a foul-mouthed seductress with a dirty mind . '' 
 he shook his head , smiling hard , `` i 'm so lucky . '' 
 getting back on track , i asked , `` well , what about it ? 
 how 'd belinda get your contact list ? '' 
 `` i do n't know yet . 
 there 's no paper trail . 
 i went through emails , notes , and tons of stuff-there 's nothing . 
 no outbound calls to her number either . 
 i have n't found anything , abby , which is a problem . 
 it means she either hacked in , or the person that 's helping her is so far beyond reproach that i 'd never suspect them . 
 in the meantime , it breaks apart the studio , and alienates my staff as i lose each and every one of you . 
 who 's going to stick around after being accused of something like that ? '' 
 feeling impish , i offered , `` i did . '' 
 he glanced down at me , stopping what he was doing . 
 `` you 're different . 
 you 're not like them ; you 're not like anyone else i 've ever met , abby . 
 you think with your heart , no matter the cost . '' 
 he stared at me for a moment , his eyes locking onto mine . 
 i 'd always thought of that as a flaw , one-hundred percent effective way to die as a martyr , but jack looked at me like it was something valuable-something to be admired . 
 he broke the gaze , smiling faintly before pulling the camera down in his hands . 
 slowly , he crept down the ladder , one rung at a time with a costly piece of equipment in one hand , the other making sure he did n't drop twenty feet to the floor . 
 jumping off the bottom step like a little boy , he sauntered toward me , camera in one hand , and a sexy grin on his face . 
 `` i want to show you what i see when i look at you . 
 it 's not the girl you see in the mirror , and i can tell that you do n't really know what i mean . 
 do you trust me abby ? 
 will you pose for me ? 
 wear what i ask ? 
 do what i ask ? '' 
 if he said , would you do striptease for me , here 's a boa , i would have laughed and hit him in the chest . 
 but this request was so sexually charged . 
 it felt like he was devouring me with his eyes . 
 that gaze crushed the air out of my lungs , rendering me unable to speak . 
 deep within my body , things clenched in that delicious way that made me feel like his seductress . 
 i nodded , `` i 'll try , '' i whispered . 
 a stern look shadowed his face , `` no , there 's not trying . 
 you either will or you wo n't . '' 
 his eyes gleamed , locking onto mine with an intense need . 
 it made me nod without thinking . 
 i did n't know what he liked , and i sure as hell wanted to know what he saw when he looked at me . 
 was that something that he could capture with a lens ? 
 i did n't know . 
 `` say it , '' he whispered , firmly telling me to speak . 
 `` yes . 
 i 'll do it . 
 i want to see what you see . '' 
 my eyes drifted from his perfect lips to his intense eyes . 
 i breathed , `` i trust you , jack . '' 
 my heart was racing in my chest as his expression softened . 
 the man that was looking at me a moment ago was part of the jack that i did n't know-the one who 'd been burned . 
 he did n't mess around , he wanted direct , firm , decisions , and nothing less . 
 when he turned away , he placed the camera on a table top and said he 'd be right back . 
 moving toward the large black square , i lifted the camera off the table . 
 fumbling with the buttons , i wondered if the photos from the shoot with my first painting were still on it . 
 i found the right buttons , and clicked them hoping to see something from that night . 
 the canvas was covered on the wall . 
 jack concealed it , telling me he wanted me to wait until he was done to see it . 
 looking at the camera was totally cheating . 
 a small thrill coursed through me as i clicked the button , expecting to see the fluffy skirt and my nak * d chest covered in paint , but the screen was black . 
 i frowned . 
 jack whispered behind me , making me jump , `` i took the card out-and you 're a horrible snoop . 
 you are n't supposed to get caught . '' 
 he gave me a look that made me smile sheepishly as he ripped the camera out of my hands . 
 `` it 'll be the best painting i 've ever made . 
 give it time , abby . 
 let me finish it . '' 
 he smiled , his expression warming . 
 i did n't understand why he was being secretive , why i was denied seeing the process , but i did n't press him . 
 jack had placed the camera on the table behind him . 
 there were several thin boxes that he had brought back when he snuck up on me . 
 i reached for the lid , but jack swatted my fingers away . 
 `` not yet , '' he laughed . 
 `` go change . 
 i hung up the skirt you wore-the one i painted-it 's in the dressing room . 
 put that on and come out . '' 
 `` just the skirt ? '' 
 i asked , suddenly feeling shy . 
 jack 's eyes pierced me , raking across my body , landing on my face and finally meeting my gaze . 
 `` just the skirt . '' 
 stubble lined his jaw , making his eyes appear brighter , bluer . 
 air rushed out of my lungs in a shallow gasp . 
 for some reason , doing this in the middle of the day seemed more risque than doing it in the middle of the night . 
 but the look in his eye told me the skirt was only the beginning . 
 i came out of the dressing room , my arm covering my chest , as i held up the huge skirt with my other hand , walking toward him . 
 jack stood next to three open boxes of glittering jewels . 
 when i was close enough to see what they were , my jaw dropped . 
 `` jack , are those real ? '' 
 of course they were real . 
 he was rich , but i never seemed to remember that . 
 i saw my high school version of jack , the boy clad in jeans and chuck 's . 
 the man worth millions was watching me , grinning at the arm covering my body . 
 his dark brow arched as he stepped toward me , `` as real as you are , but your perfection makes them seem trite . '' 
 he reached for my hands , forcing me to reveal myself . 
 the muscles in my arms were tense . 
 there were no midnight hour , sleepy , half-conscious minds making decisions . 
 this time was different . 
 this time i was giving myself to him in way that i had n't done before . 
 i knew he wanted me , but i did n't know how , and the look in his eyes said it would be different . 
 he held me at arm 's length , my hands in his as he parted them , holding my arms away from my body , admiring me . 
 jack 's hot gaze slipped over my neck , lingered on my br ** sts , before dipping to my waist . 
 he released one hand and raised the other . 
 `` spin , '' he commanded , passing me under his arm . 
 i spun once slowly , on the ball of my foot feeling like a wanton ballerina , wishing that he 'd touch me-but jack only watched . 
 his eyes slid over me as i turned , caressing the curves of my body , seeing them in the full light from the window . 
 my heart pounded in my chest . 
 i glanced at the open window , worried . 
 he saw my gaze pass his shoulder and land on the glass . 
 `` no one 's here , abby . 
 it 's private property . 
 trust me . '' 
 my eyes moved back to his face . 
 i nodded once , and did n't look at the window again . 
 jack took a deep breath , smiling to himself . 
 `` you are so stunning , so captivatingly beautiful . '' 
 he breathed heavily , his eyes growing darker . 
 he blinked once . 
 twice . 
 forcing away the emotions that were dominating him . 
 `` i 'm going to reposition this , '' he took a fist full of skirt , tugging it , `` and then the jewelry . '' 
 i nodded , still feeling exposed , still shocked by how much i wanted him . 
 barefoot , i padded behind him to a table filled with brushes , tiny tubes , palettes , and shears . 
 jack picked up a silver pair of scissors . 
 he gripped my waist , and tugged at the skirt until the slit was in front-off center-over my leg . 
 he pushed the fabric back , seeing my lack of panties , and smiled . 
 leaning closer , he kneeled in front of me , pressing his face to my bare skin and inhaled . 
 my fingers found his hair and as i tried to hold him there , but jack pulled away , his hair getting tugged as he retreated . 
 every inch of me was tingling , aching to be touched . 
 without thinking , i whispered , `` you 're making me crazy , jack . '' 
 i breathed deeply , my chest expanding fully as he looked up at me . 
 `` remember , your promise , abby . '' 
 with that he took the skirt in his hands , and layer by layer hacked into it . 
 when he was done , it looked like a wild animal had eaten the front of the skirt . 
 there was n't any fabric left to cover anything below the waist . 
 the remnants of the skirt trailed down behind my waist , covering my butt . 
 i swallowed hard , trying to remain still and silent . 
 jack stepped back , his fingers touching his face , arms folded , as he surveyed the new slutty skirt . 
 hesitating for a moment , he seemed to come to a conclusion . 
 practically running , jack bounced over to the storage racks and climbed up . 
 he dug a black piece of satin from one , and a pair of shiny black heels from another . 
 `` size 7 ? '' 
 he asked , before jumping down . 
 i nodded , frozen . 
 this felt erotic , making me feel vulnerable in a good way . 
 jack walked back toward me . 
 it seemed like he deliberately slowed his step . 
 i commented on it , `` less eager now , are we ? '' 
 my voice had bravado that i did n't feel . 
 i wondered where it came from , as he walked toward me holding heels that had to be a health hazard . 
 they promised broken ankles and other naughty things that made my cheeks burn . 
 jack stopped in his tracks when the rosy glow spread across my body . 
 his eyes slid over me , his hands gripping the shoes tighter , and crushing the scrap of black fabric . 
 he breathed deeply , his chest rising , his eyes focused . 
 `` every time you say something , i have the insatiable urge to sink my fingers into your ass and take you . '' 
 my blush deepened as i looked down , trying to hide it . 
 jack continued to walk toward me , slowly , seductively . 
 my heart beat faster with every step . 
 he looked like he wanted to do those things and more . 
 `` eagerness does not begin to describe what i want to do with you . '' 
 he held out the shoes . 
 i reached and took them . 
 they were black patent . 
 the toe was so pointed , i did n't know if they 'd fit . 
 the heel was at least four inches . 
 i usually wore ballet flats or sandals . 
 i slipped one on , trying to stand , looking at the other sexy shoe in my hand , `` jack , i do n't know if i can walk in these . '' 
 he grinned , `` they 're not for walking , abby . '' 
 i blushed harder . 
 `` there 's a reason they 're called fuck-me heels . 
 they 're recreational shoes . '' 
 i knew what they were called . 
 i was a minister ; i did n't live in a bubble . 
 i just never owned a pair . 
 there was no reason to , but with the way jack watched me , i wished i had . 
 i slipped on the second shoe and was lucky i could stand up . 
 my ankles were threatening to wobble , when jack 's gaze slid over my body , appreciatively . 
 his arms folded across his chest , the curve of his pecs outlined perfectly . 
 i felt such a strange mixture of things as he looked at me , lust and sensuality climbed to the top , crushing the shyness that was dormant beneath . 
 oh , i wanted him to touch me . 
 i wanted his hands on my body , feeling my curves and not just tracing them with his eyes . 
 jack crooked a finger at me . 
 `` come here . '' 
 i took a step in the shoes , carefully moving toward him . 
 his eyes locked on my body , my br ** sts thrust forward , the angle of my butt forced out from the insanely high shoes . 
 i stopped in front of him , willing him to touch me . 
 he lifted his hand , pressing a single finger to my neck . 
 his skin was warm , barely touching me as he trailed his hand down the curve of my neck , caressing the soft flesh of my breast , and causing me to gasp when he lightly brushed my taught nipple . 
 i glanced up at him in wonder . 
 he made me feel so much , and i wanted more . 
 `` jack , '' i moaned , ready to beg him , but he stopped me . 
 smiling softly , eyes full of lust , he said , `` your promise , abby . 
 seal those sexy lips before i give you something to suck on . '' 
 the seductive threat made a pool of heat shoot straight to my core . 
 his words only made me want him more . 
 the idea of tasting him was beyond appealing , and once he mentioned it , i could n't clear the thought from my mind . 
 `` abby . 
 you 're so incredibly hot . 
 the fact that you 're like this and have only been with me makes it hotter . '' 
 his gaze rested on my face for a moment . 
 it was like we were both lost all these years and we 'd finally found each other . 
 he stepped toward me , gently running his fingers down the side of my face , making my heart pound harder . 
 my eyes closed as he spoke , `` you 're mine . '' 
 opening my eyes , i nodded . 
 there was something in his expression , something hotter , more dark and desperate than he seemed a moment ago . 
 `` last chance to back out . '' 
 i shook my head slowly , `` i 'm not going anywhere . 
 it 's everything i can do to keep from begging you to touch me . 
 if you blew on me , i swear i 'd lose it . '' 
 my breath hitched . 
 jack 's hands moved under the skirt , reaching around to my bare ass , and pulled me against him . 
 the bulge in his pants felt so hard . 
 i wanted to feel him inside me . 
 `` stop talking , miss tyndale . 
 not a word for the rest of the shoot . '' 
 his hands squeezed me hard , before releasing me . 
 he looked down , smiling softly to himself , as i nodded . 
 silence . 
 i could be silent , right ? 
 jack turned his back and lifted the jewels out of the case . 
 it was a layered pearl necklace - each pearl perfectly round and perfectly black . 
 i eyed the jewelry . 
 jack brushed my hair aside , lifting the necklace to my throat . 
 it fastened tightly , with multiple rows of pearls hanging down . 
 each row dipped further and further , finally dipping down between my br ** sts . 
 the rows were tightly nuzzled , showing little flesh between the perfect pearls . 
 `` this set was made by tiffany 's - special request . 
 i had a vision of someone wearing it several years ago , '' he glanced to the side as he touched the pearls , making me gasp . 
 `` a dream , i guess . 
 a beautiful redhead , the girl that haunts me was sitting at my feet draped in black pearls , half nak * d. '' i started to open my mouth to say something , but he pressed his fingers to my lips . 
 `` i swear to god , abby , if you say another thing i 'll tease you for the next two days and not let you come once . '' 
 my shoulders stiffened . 
 that sounded wonderful and horrible at the same time . 
 he grinned . 
 `` come here , '' i stepped toward him . 
 he slipped his hand between my legs , pushing them up , feeling how wet i was . 
 withdrawing his hand , he locked his eyes with mine . 
 putting each finger in his mouth , one at a time , he licked me off his fingers . 
 my body was already in overdrive . 
 his fingers touching me made me feel more , want more , but watching him do that-i could n't hide how much i liked it . 
 before i could gasp or anything else , he reached for more jewelry . 
 another rope of pearls was draped around my waist , and twisting waterfall earrings of a million tiny pearls and diamonds sparkled in my ears . 
 he grazed my br ** sts , putting them on me , but i remained still and silent , proud of myself . 
 the last piece he pulled from the box was a triple row of tiny pearls strung across a silver chain . 
 i looked at him , wondering where that would go . 
 i was already covered head to toe in pearls . 
 jack held the two ends up , showing me a tiny hook . 
 `` these are breast jewelry , abby . 
 they dangle from your n ** ples . '' 
 my jaw dropped slightly . 
 i did n't see how they attached . 
 jack saw the question in my eyes . 
 he grabbed me by the waist as i started to step away , stopping me , the rows of pearls sliding beneath his palms . 
 `` this is the last piece . 
 the hook is padded with plastic . 
 it slides over your n ** ples , and clamps on . 
 it 'll feel like me pinching you . 
 it 'll hurt a little , but in a good way . '' 
 i froze , watching his hands move toward me . 
 part of me was ecstatic , the other part hesitant , but jack 's hands were on me , pulling my tender flesh softly , teasing me firmer between his fingers melting any remaining reluctance . 
 i gasped , unable to contain myself . 
 at the same time the rush of air came out of my lungs , he fastened one side onto my breast . 
 it pinched tightly , pulling me gently . 
 jack 's hand started working the other side . 
 within moments , both hooks were pinched over my sensitive br ** sts , pulling the n ** ples with the weight of the chains and pearls . 
 jack watched me , darkness glinting in his eyes , hungry . 
 he moved across the room , pulling down a black backdrop from a roll of canvases on one side of the studio . 
 his voice made warmth pool between my legs . 
 `` come . '' 
 he pointed to the backdrop . 
 as i crossed the room , he closed the window shades , sealing out the light . 
 my ankles protested with each step i took in the heels . 
 the beads shook while i walked , the breast jewelry making me moan , shooting hot sparks through all the right places . 
 jack 's eyes watched me move through the darkness , his hands folded over his chest . 
 he did n't offer to help , he just gazed , unblinking-his blue eyes dark as sapphires , hot as coals . 
 i stopped in front of him , standing on the canvas , nearly cli ** xing from my short walk . 
 reaching for the nipple chain , he tugged lightly , and breathed , `` not yet , preacher-girl . '' 
 i gasped , a rush of air ripping from my throat . 
 the sensations that flooded my body when he pulled the chain and made me tremble . 
 jack smiled , enjoying every moment of my exotic agony . 
 `` if you 're a very good girl , if you do everything i ask , i 'll make sure you feel completely satisfied at the end of the shoot . '' 
 my mind felt so drugged with lust that i barely caught what he said . 
 the moment after it registered , i glanced at him . 
 he was holding his camera up . 
 `` deal ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 hell yes . 
 i would have done anything at that point . 
 reason was forced out , and only desire for jack remained . 
 the poses were sexy at first , mainly because of my outfit-if you could call it that-which i was n't sure i could . 
 being draped in pearls , diamonds , and silver with a skirt that did n't cover anything was n't the kind of wardrobe i would have called an outfit . 
 but jack 's dark gaze , the want in his eyes as he posed me , as he shot me , made me feel like the sexiest woman he 'd ever seen . 
 the first poses i stood with my ankles apart , showing the long lines of my nak * d legs , facing the camera , hands over my head showcasing the jewelry adorning my body like i was cinderella going to the exhibitionist 's ball . 
 the shutter snapped again and again . 
 jack repositioned the poses , moved the lighting . 
 they flashed every time he shot , making me feel more glamorous . 
 i tried to squeeze my thighs together to help ease the lust that was building beyond control within me . 
 gravity was pulling on the chains on my br ** sts , so that even when i did n't move , the sensations did n't stop . 
 jack 's face was hidden behind his camera , concealing his thoughts . 
 finally , when my knees were pressed so tightly together that my legs were shaking , he said , `` sit , legs apart , arms in front of you like this , '' he held out his hands , one wrist touching the other . 
 slowly , i sank to the floor , closing my eyes , feeling the exquisite sensation tugging on me . 
 my legs were together off to the side . 
 when i pulled them apart , i went to copy the pose of his arms , but jack stopped me . 
 walking over to me , he kept my legs curled to the side , but separated my ankles . 
 `` like that , '' he said when he was done , `` now reach for me abby . '' 
 i lifted my arms toward his face , but he smiled , saying , `` reach for me , abby . 
 like you want me , like you want to taste me . '' 
 my breath caught . 
 my br ** sts were swollen , wanting his touch , sensitive . 
 when he said those words i froze , staring at his dark jeans , wondering what it would be like . 
 my private parts tingled thinking about it . 
 jack 's voice was firm , `` reach for me , abby . 
 reach for me before i tug that chain and make you cry out . '' 
 swallowing hard , i reached for him . 
 he stood close enough that my hands slid over his jeans , feeling the hard length hidden , contained under the fabric . 
 groaning , he said , `` good . 
 stay . '' 
 and stepped away . 
 i felt like i was intoxicated with jack , and yet i still wanted more . 
 i remained still , feeling the pull on my br ** sts as the sting built in my arms . 
 he moved the lights , repositioned the back of the skirt and shot . 
 the shutter clicked , snapping shut closer and closer to the end of the shoot . 
 `` one more pose . '' 
 i looked at him with desperation in my eyes . 
 i wanted him so badly . 
 the soreness i 'd felt earlier was gone and nothing but my word was keeping me from attacking jack , peeling off his clothes , and climbing on top of him . 
 jack saw the passion in my eyes , as the lusty thoughts i did n't bother to conceal played across my face . 
 he smiled , saying , `` kneel . 
 knees apart . '' 
 i scooted in front of him , getting up on my knees , spreading my thighs . 
 the cold air met my wet warmth and made me shiver . 
 jack watched me , his lips full and open . 
 he pressed his eyes closed , snapping himself out of the seductive trance we both fell into and moved behind me . 
 he fanned the crinoline skirt so that it billowed from my waist , pooling behind me like a sea of ink . 
 he leaned over , standing in front of me , meeting my gaze . 
 `` last set , okay ? 
 as soon as i have it , you 're going to come fast and hard-and not make a sound . '' 
 his lips twisted into a smile . 
 i could n't take my eyes off of them as he pulled away from my face . 
 `` hands over your head , tyndale . '' 
 i draped both hands on top of my head , thinking that was what he wanted , but it was n't . 
 `` almost done . 
 now , take one hand and stretch , reach as high as you can . 
 thrust your chest toward the light , and close your eyes . '' 
 i closed my eyes , and did as he said . 
 stretching as far as i could with one hand , i reached over my head . 
 it made my body curve and forced my br ** sts toward him , the silver chain swaying between them as i bent my spine back . 
 my long hair tickled my bare back . 
 the shutter snapped several times , moving around me . 
 i did n't move . 
 i could hear jack breathing . 
 my legs were trembling , wanting him , needing him to sate the lust that was beyond agony . 
 every inch of my skin burned , longing to be touched . 
 without a word , jack was behind me , on his knees whispering in my ear , `` come for me abby . '' 
 one hand moved between my legs , sliding in the damp heat . 
 the other reached around and yanked gently on the chain strung across my br ** sts . 
 the intense feelings spread through me fast . 
 the shutter clicked once , then twice . 
 jack rigged the camera to keep shooting . 
 i did n't know where it was , but the thought of jack having pictures of me coming in his arms pushed me over the edge . 
 i screamed his name , `` jack , '' as i thrust against his hand , finding my release in his arms . 
 sinking back into him , i laid there , my back to his front for a moment , breathing heavily . 
 his hands slid around my middle , under the rows of pearls , feeling my soft flesh beneath his hands . 
 `` that was so sexy , but we 're not done yet . '' 
 he turned me around , his fingers squeezing my tender n ** ples , `` we need to take these off . '' 
 as he squeezed , he loosened the clamp . 
 i closed my eyes and soon felt his lips coaxing , sucking me hard . 
 i gasped . 
 it almost felt like he nipped me . 
 jack continued to massage the hard flesh with his tongue , becoming gentler and gentler until he lifted his head and said , `` now for the other . '' 
 he did the same thing , repeating every step , making me a hot mess , laying in his arms , arching my back , begging for more . 
 with the nipple clamps gone , he slowly removed the jewelry , laying it next to us on the floor . 
 the last thing he did was untie the skirt and push it back . 
 he laid back on the floor , pulling the fluffy skirt under his head like a pillow . 
 `` come here , abby . 
 i want to kiss you . '' 
 i leaned down , about to press my lips to his , when he grabbed my hips , sinking his strong hands into my skin . 
 `` not like that . 
 spread your legs , kneel over me . '' 
 he pulled me to him , and i was half delighted , half horrified . 
 the delighted part of my mind won the logic debate hands down . 
 the sensible girl that usually called all the shots was promptly ignored and before i knew it , my legs were parted over his face as i straddled his head . 
 jack 's breath assaulted me , making it hard not to move , but he 'd asked me to be still . 
 `` abby , you smell good enough to eat . '' 
 his voice was deep , husky . 
 i started to answer but lost the ability to speak when i felt his mouth start to kiss me . 
 it was gentle , each caress soft and strong , taking me right back to the intoxicated jack-high i was on before . 
 his mouth moved magically against me . 
 without realizing it , my hands were over my head , as jack licked every drop of me from my sensitive skin . 
 i was trying hard to stay still . 
 i did n't want to hurt jack , but the sensations that were building within me wanted to sway my h * ps above his lips , and press down hard . 
 as if he could read my mind , jack breathed , `` ride me abby . 
 move how you want . 
 you wo n't hurt me . '' 
 he words were the freedom i wanted . 
 his tongue teased me into a frenzy . 
 my body slid over his kisses , the slick warmth of his tongue making me cry out again . 
 as i froze , feeling the perfect pulsating sensations within me , he thrust his tongue inside me , drinking me in . 
 i gasped , surprised . 
 when he rolled me onto my back , i saw the lust still gleaming his eyes , `` you make me want you in every possible way . 
 i 've never wanted to do that so much in my life . 
 every inch of you is divine , like you were sculpted for me , and me alone . '' 
 he brushed the hair out of my face , kissing my face gently . 
 in my post-coital glow , i leaned into him saying , `` this feels like a dream , and i 'm afraid i 'm going to wake up . '' 
 my heart was slowing , beating in time with his . 
 i could feel it beating as if we were the same person , as if he were my other half . 
 chapter twenty-five jack joined me in the shower , kissing my neck sweetly before vacating the space and leaving me alone to my thoughts . 
 things were so different than i thought they 'd be , and it was wonderful . 
 as the water poured over my body , i felt like i was happily floating along like a little fluffy cloud . 
 i took time getting dressed , wanting to look as beautiful as jack made me feel . 
 a little over an hour passed by the time i was ready . 
 when i stepped into the studio , jack 's eyes wandered over my body like he still had n't had enough . 
 a blush rose to my cheeks . 
 i had no idea how it was possible to do the things we did , and then blush about it later . 
 it was like my blusher was broken or something . 
 jack pulled me into his arms , his forehead touching mine , `` what on earth could you be thinking to redden your beautiful face so much ? '' 
 he grinned at me in a way that made my heart flutter . 
 taking a deep breath , i smiled , teasingly pushing him away , `` everything you do makes me blush-no specific memory is needed . '' 
 he pulled me back into his arms , his fingers tickling my waist gently , his lips a breath from mine , `` we should really go into town before i peel this dress off of you . '' 
 jack pressed his lips to my ear , gently kissing me , before pulling away . 
 nodding , i said , `` just let me grab my purse . '' 
 as i opened the desk drawer , jack said , `` grab your check , too . 
 it 's in the top drawer . '' 
 i removed my purse from the desk , and found my check . 
 it felt kind of weird , spending the day with our nak * d bodies intertwined and then taking money from him . 
 i hesitated , my hand hovering over the check . 
 `` jack , maybe i should n't work here anymore . '' 
 he grabbed his keys and was pulling on a leather jacket . 
 `` do n't be silly . 
 why not ? '' 
 i watched the narrow band of skin at his waist when he lifted his arms . 
 he was gorgeous . 
 `` i do n't know , it just feels odd . '' 
 `` then you wo n't work here anymore , '' he smiled at me , zipping his coat . 
 `` abby , i wanted to wait to ask you this , but i do n't want you to think that you do n't belong in any part of my life . 
 what 's mine is yours . 
 what 's yours is mine . 
 the good and the bad . 
 i want all of you . 
 i want you forever , '' he knelt , taking my hand in his . 
 my heart thumped in my ears , nearly exploding in my brain , `` the last few weeks have meant everything to me . 
 i 've adored every moment we spent together and when you 're away , i ca n't wait until you come back . 
 it was a miracle that you walked through those doors . 
 after all these years , i thought i 'd never see you again , and the last few days have made me never want to let you go . '' 
 his hands were in my hair , gently touching my curls , his blue eyes soft and perfect as he spoke . 
 `` abby , let me spend the rest of my life loving you . 
 let me take care of you . 
 let me be a part of your life in every way possible . 
 abby tyndale , will you marry me ? '' 
 my jaw dropped . 
 what came over him ? 
 i just said something about the check . 
 i did n't want to leave , but this-this shocked me . 
 i 'd known him forever , but we 'd been apart so long . 
 staring at his beautiful face , i knew he was right . 
 i felt it too . 
 it was like we never left . 
 things were better than they ever had been . 
 despite my shocked silence , my mind was already scrawling mrs. abigail gray with lots of bubbly hearts . 
 life with jack was everything i ever wanted . 
 my lips trembled as i tried not to smile , and refused to cry . 
 jack rubbed the back of my hand , looking up at me , waiting . 
 a gleeful sob bubbled over my lips as i beamed , throwing my arms around his neck , kissing him furiously , not coming up for air even when my lungs burned . 
 when we managed to break apart , i was shaking , crying , and laughing . 
 pushing my hair out of my face , he held me in his arms , smiling so hard . 
 `` i take that as a yes ? '' 
 nodding and wiping tears from my eyes , i said , `` yes ! '' 
 chapter twenty-six jack was n't kidding when he said that he planned on proposing . 
 when we went into town , he took me to a stunning waterfront restaurant . 
 it was crowded , but the waiter took us in , walking past many jealous eyes , all the way into the back . 
 we passed through carved oak doors that lead to a private room that overlooked the water . 
 and the room was totally empty . 
 i glanced at jack surprised , but he only shrugged , `` i wanted to be alone with you . 
 i had an important question to ask . '' 
 he grinned , taking my hand in his , holding it tighter . 
 my eyes were wide , `` how much did you have to pay them to leave this space open ? 
 jack ! '' 
 i was smiling too much . 
 my face hurt , the muscles felt overused , but it was a welcome soreness like i had in other parts of my body . 
 i sucked at taking gifts graciously , but i was trying . 
 during dinner , i could barely stay on my side of the table . 
 his eyes moved over me like he wanted me for dinner , not the beautiful meal on his plate . 
 about half way through the meal , he took his phone from his pocket . 
 flicking the screen , he said , `` would you like to see your shoot , mrs. gray ? '' 
 two things happened simultaneously . 
 first , i flushed , hushing him like people would hear , but no one was around . 
 second , my smile could n't be contained when he called me mrs. gray . 
 it felt like someone squeezed my heart , making that empty space in my chest fade into oblivion . 
 in a hushed voice , i asked , `` you brought them with you ? 
 when did you even look at them ? '' 
 he grinned , `` you take long showers . '' 
 a coy smile laced across my lips , `` i was very dirty , mr. gray . '' 
 he smiled harder , the little lines at the corners of his eyes crinkled . 
 jack was so beautiful . 
 the waiters stayed away , out of sight but ready to come if jack turned his head in their direction . 
 i squirmed a little . 
 i did n't know how i felt about seeing the portraits , or about viewing them in public . 
 however , i did like that jack had them with him , hidden on his phone . 
 it made me feel daring and free . 
 he nodded , a tapered finger flicking the screen , the expression on his face becoming sexier by the moment . 
 `` come over here . '' 
 i walked around the table feeling like we should n't be doing this , but jack did n't seem to care . 
 he pulled me on his lap , warm arms wrapping around me . 
 i could feel how much he wanted me , and closed my eyes enjoying the sensation . 
 his hand draped across my knee , before the other one produced the iphone . 
 `` now , let me warn you . 
 this is the sexiest shoot i 've ever seen in my entire life . '' 
 leaning closer , brushing his lips to my ear he whispered , `` are you sure you want to see ? '' 
 his eyes glinted as his sexy smile widened . 
 `` jack , '' i was ready to ride him right there . 
 the entire day passed and he sated me again and again , but he still had n't been back inside of me where i wanted him . 
 fighting the urge to writhe on his lap , i pressed my knees together and said , `` show me before i wiggle on your lap so much that i leave an embarrassing little wet spot . '' 
 he flushed , `` abby ! '' 
 jack 's face had the most delightful expression , part awe and part embarrassment . 
 trying to knock me off-kilter , he held up the phone , and the screen illuminated , showcasing me , decked out in pearls and silver . 
 the way the light lit my body , the dark pearls and inky skirt draping off of me , the glittering chain that went from one nipple to the other-i squealed and ripped the phone out of his hands . 
 he laughed , taking in my reaction . 
 looking over both shoulders , i concealed the phone , half looking at it and half hiding it . 
 `` you ca n't take pictures like that , jack ! '' 
 my pink lips hung open , slightly shocked and very turned on . 
 he reached for the phone , trying to take it from me , a smile snaking its way across his lips . 
 `` and why not ? 
 when the model is this sexy , what 'd you think the pictures would look like ? 
 hiding you as a nun for a decade seriously threw me off , but this is what you are , abby . 
 this is what i see when i look at you . '' 
 he laughed , still trying to get the phone . 
 `` but , jack , they 're so dirty . '' 
 i held it away from him , feeling like i 'd fall off his lap , but he held me tight . 
 i flicked the screen , trying to see another picture , fascinated and afraid . 
 the picture was dark , nearly solid black except for a rim light surrounding my upper body . 
 it drew attention to my br ** sts , both taught n ** ples , my lashes lowered with full lips . 
 i did n't know who that girl was , but as i looked at her jack glanced from the phone and back to me like he was seeing the same thing . 
 tucking a piece of hair behind my ear he said , `` look at the next one , '' i flicked the screen . 
 the next picture was more sensual , more erotic and more beautiful . 
 i gasped , not believing what i was seeing . 
 i was there ; i was at the shoot , but i had no idea i looked like this . 
 the pit of my stomach twisted , delighted and nervous . 
 jack spoke softly in my ear , `` that 's what you do to me-when i see you and i ca n't have you-that 's how you make me feel . '' 
 the phone felt like a brick in my hand . 
 the portrait was everything , his longing , my desire-unmet , like we were when i first saw him sitting across the table from me as he stole my interview from gus . 
 the phone slid out of my hand and hit the floor . 
 our bodies inched together , my lips burning , wanting to feel his mouth against mine . 
 we leaned in toward each other , lost in lust when the door to the galley swung open . 
 i glanced down , heat rising to my cheeks . 
 standing , i slid off his lap and moved back to my seat . 
 without a word , the waiter went to walk away , embarrassed , but jack said , `` check . 
 now . '' 
 his blue eyes were locked on mine , not looking away as he said it . 
 those pictures made my head spin . 
 they were the most erotic depictions i 'd ever seen-and they were of me . 
 it was n't just that they were nudes , it was that they were evocative . 
 everything about them screamed of deep longing and sexuality unsurpassed . 
 my voice was thin , `` is that really how you see me , jack ? 
 all the time ? '' 
 my brows lifted , like i did n't believe what i was saying . 
 my hands were on the table in front of me strangling the helpless tablecloth in my death-grip . 
 jack took my hands , running his thumb along the back of my hand , tilting his head . 
 `` there was n't a time when i did n't see you like that . 
 you 've always been that way to me , abby-an unattainable goddess . '' 
 the room was silent , as he handed me the phone . 
 glancing down , i took it and flipped through more pictures , each more sensual than the last , lust building through the shoot-the way that it had been building in my body-until the final image was of the two of us together . 
 jack was holding me , and the expression on my face was completely sated . 
 my eyes glanced up and saw jack , his gaze dark and wanting . 
 he 'd done it to me again , turned me into something i was n't . 
 as if he could read my thoughts he said , `` i just bring it out in you , abby . 
 this sensuality , this exquisite sexuality has always been there . 
 it always will be . 
 it 's part of who you are . '' 
 chapter twenty-seven our night was perfect . 
 utterly divine . 
 we walked past the jeweler 's closed shop , heads tilted together , jack 's arms around my waist . 
 `` i 'll take you here tomorrow . 
 we 'll pick out the perfect ring for you . '' 
 `` jack , this feels like a dream , '' i snuggled in his strong arms . 
 he pressed a kiss to my temple as we watched the lit window . 
 different rings , all amazing , filled the case . 
 jack said , `` i like that one . 
 the one that looks vintage with the antique setting . 
 it 's stunning , just like you . '' 
 and it was a stunning ring . 
 at least five carats . 
 i did n't know how i felt about that , about jack 's money . 
 even though i 'd been back for a while , and seen him running his business , i still thought of him as the strapped guy that i knew in high school . 
 he worked his ass off , like me , and neither of us ever had much . 
 as if he sensed my thoughts , he said , `` it 's our money now , abby . 
 what 's mine is yours . 
 you wo n't have to think about anything ever again . 
 and that church off . 
 you never have to go back there again . 
 i 'm paying your loans off first thing in the morning . '' 
 i laughed softly . 
 the idea of telling the church to go to hell was appealing . 
 at the rate they were going , they were headed there anyway . 
 part of me wanted to fight with jack , and resist . 
 `` they did n't do it-they did n't sign for the loans . 
 i did . 
 those were my mistakes , jack . 
 i thought i could do it . 
 i thought i could find a balance between idealism and reality , but there was n't one . 
 i made all the wrong choices . '' 
 turning me in his arms so that i faced him , jack took my chin in one hand , leaving his other on my waist , `` look at me , abby . 
 you made all the right choices . 
 everything you did brought us back together . 
 those decisions gave us a chance that we would n't have had . 
 i 'd love you to tell them to screw off , that you do n't need them anymore . 
 what that church did to you was ... '' he bit his lip , shaking his head . 
 he softened his tone and continued , `` they trapped you . 
 they figured out a way to keep you indebted to them and trapped you . 
 when you sold all their crap and gave the money to the poor , you blindsided them . 
 they were a means , a way to bring you back to me . 
 i ca n't stand what they did to you , but there 's no way i 'd wish it did n't happen , because without them , you would n't be here with me now . '' 
 i breathed deeply , trying to let go of the emotions tied to that place . 
 tears formed in my eyes , `` if it was a good thing , then why do i feel like i failed ? 
 i did n't save anyone . 
 seminary , all that debt , the last decade of my life-it was for nothing . '' 
 smiling softly , he pressed his lips to my forehead . 
 wiping away my tears , he said , `` you saved me . 
 abby , i was so lost before you came back . 
 life was a never ending series of fake people hoping to get a piece of me . 
 no one actually sees me as person . 
 i 'm a f ** king bag of money , a means to an ends . 
 the models do it , the business partners do it , the patrons do-everyone sees me the same way . 
 i was sick of it . 
 i could n't stand it anymore . 
 i would have dropped a match on the place and walked away . 
 it was that bad , abby . 
 but the day you showed up was the day my life started again . 
 i know misery . 
 i know about trying to do the right thing and having it come back and bite you on the ass . 
 and i can promise you , abby , all that misery you went through was n't for nothing . 
 you told me a few weeks ago , if you saved one person , that was enough . 
 abby , i 'm that person . 
 you saved me . '' 
 as he spoke i watched his eyes , his lips spilling his soul . 
 i wanted to hear the words , and silence his painful story at the same time . 
 i could tell that there was darkness lurking within him , something dark and desperate . 
 i saw it in him during my interview . 
 jack seemed cold , distant . 
 he was n't the boy i 'd left behind all those years ago . 
 but slowly , as days turned into weeks , i saw that boy was still inside of him . 
 jack began to melt , his hard edges smoothing . 
 i did n't realize that i was the reason until that moment . 
 pressing my lips to his , i kissed him softly , tears in my eyes . 
 i held him close , in front of the shop , feeling his hair in my hands . 
 smiling i said , `` i love you so much . '' 
 he glanced at me , grinning softly , `` come on , mrs. gray . 
 there are some things i 'd like to show you in my room . '' 
 chapter twenty-eight when we walked into the studio it was pitch black , but something seemed off . 
 my eyes shifted through the shadows trying to see what was bothering me before jack flipped the lights on . 
 as he did so , we could see the files in the desk were dumped all over . 
 chairs were turned on their sides , papers were everywhere . 
 the floor was covered in white paper , galleria brochures , and a million other office supplies . 
 someone broke in . 
 jack 's gaze narrowed , surveying the damage before he said , `` stay here . '' 
 he took off into the back . 
 i heard his footfalls disappear , leaving me in silence . 
 i flipped through the papers on the desk and the floor . 
 they were random things to dump out , and when i pulled open the drawers , they were n't empty . 
 when jack came back he was fuming . 
 he held the tiffany 's boxes in his hands and threw them on the desk . 
 they landed with a thud . 
 `` stolen ? '' 
 i asked . 
 that jewelry was worth a small fortune . 
 anything from tiffany 's was . 
 he shook his head , `` no . 
 that 's the problem . 
 something was taken , abby , and they did this so i would n't be able to tell what it was . '' 
 i looked around . 
 the place was such a mess that it would take hours , possibly days , before it was all put back so we could tell what was gone . 
 `` call the cops , jack . 
 tell them you have someone ... '' his shoulders were tense . 
 he snapped , dragging his hands through his hair as he looked around , `` tell them what ? 
 that one of my employees was messy ? 
 they did n't break in , abby . 
 they had a f ** king key . '' 
 turning swiftly , he slammed his fist into the wall behind him . 
 i winced . 
 he looked over at me , `` i wanted tonight to be perfect . '' 
 he shook his head , `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 walking to him , i stopped in front of him , and he wrapped his arms around me , `` tonight was perfect , jack . 
 it was completely perfect . '' 
 he looked down at me , pressing a kiss to the top of my head . 
 `` let 's sift through this stuff and figure out what they took . 
 and in the meantime , call the locksmith and change every lock on this building , change every code , every combination , until you figure out who 's doing this to you . '' 
 __________ i called kate and told her i was staying over . 
 her response was typical kate , `` if you sleep with him , you 'll lose your job , abby . 
 tell me that you guys are just playing house , and not f ** king each other 's brains out . '' 
 `` kate , '' i gasped , looking at the phone . 
 `` abby , tell me you did n't ! 
 i recognize that tone , young lady ... '' i snorted into the phone , `` young lady ? 
 are you insane ? 
 fine . 
 i 'll tell you fast , but when jack comes back i 'm hanging up on you without another word . 
 yes , i 've been sleeping with him all week . 
 no one else is here . 
 he 's having some business issues and we came home tonight after dinner and found out that someone broke in and stole something . 
 we do n't know what yet . '' 
 kate started to groan , obviously stuck on the first thing i said . 
 i could hear jack 's footfalls getting closer , `` and kate ... he proposed . 
 i said yes . 
 you are going to wear the most hideous bridesmaid 's dress i can find . 
 not only will it have a big butt bow , but i 'm going to make you wear a tiara on your head . '' 
 i clicked end call and put the phone down right as jack walked into the room . 
 he noticed the huge smile on my face . 
 `` what 's my beautiful girl grinning about ? '' 
 he asked . 
 his arms were full of gear . 
 he 'd been sorting through boxes , trying to figure out what was missing . 
 it was well past midnight and i was totally useless with this task . 
 only jack would know what was missing . 
 holding my arms behind my back , i grinned at him , `` oh , nothing . 
 just teasing kate . 
 she was being awful so i told her she was going to be the ugliest bridesmaid ever . 
 then i hung up on her . '' 
 jack grinned as i giggled . 
 he dropped his gear and walked back toward me , draping his hands around my waist , he pulled me close , `` abby , that was evil , '' he said totally deadpan , then added , `` and hysterical . 
 kate 's still crazy , right ? 
 she 's still the anti-dress , i-hate-girlie-crap girl that she used to be , is n't she ? '' 
 i burst out laughing , nodding , `` yup ! '' 
 my phone buzzed . 
 kate 's number lit up the screen . 
 watching me , he asked , `` are you going to answer that ? '' 
 i shook my head slowly , my fingers trailing along his collar , feeling the skin underneath . 
 he blinked slowly , as if trying to focus , `` then let 's do something else . 
 i can find out what 's missing in the morning . '' 
 with that he swept his hand under me , and cradled me in his arms . 
 i could feel every curve of his strong chest pressing against me . 
 jack moved out of the studio , through a door that connected to the outside . 
 he held me , kissing me softly , as he rounded the studio to a small cottage-his home . 
 he fumbled with the knob , but got it open and carried me inside . 
 `` stay with me tonight ? 
 no work , no studio . 
 just me and you , in my bed ? '' 
 his voice was deep , his words traveling through me and making me feel weak . 
 i nodded . 
 the cottage was like a studio apartment . 
 it had a kitchenette and a big white bed . 
 everything was white . 
 white on white on white . 
 jack lowered me onto the bed , kissed my head , and stood . 
 looking down at me , he pulled his shirt over his head , saying , `` this was supposed to be the studio . 
 i flipped things because i wanted the gallery and the studio together . 
 it 's kind of small for the two of us , but we can do anything you like to it . 
 this is your home now , abby . 
 this is our bed . 
 and you 're going to be my wife . '' 
 as he spoke , he removed his clothing all the while keeping his hot gaze on mine . 
 when his eyes slide over my prone form , he smiled like he could n't help it . 
 `` it 's perfect , jack . '' 
 and it was . 
 the cottage felt like the perfect beach house . 
 i loved that i could see the ocean and hear the waves . 
 i loved the light linens and the softness of the room . 
 as jack undressed , i could n't take my eyes off of him . 
 `` there 's one thing i 'd like to add , '' he purred . 
 my heart kicked up the pace , beating faster . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 my voice hitched . 
 jack was completely nak * d and very turned on . 
 i could n't take my eyes off the hard temptation on his lower body . 
 i sucked my lower lip without realizing it . 
 jack leaned down , kissing me deeply before he pulled away and said , `` there 's a painting that i want to hang up in here . 
 and maybe a few of those photographs of you , my goddess . '' 
 glancing up at him , his words broke through my lusty haze . 
 `` the painting is done ? 
 the one of me from before ... '' he nodded , `` from before you tempted me and ensnared me in your wanton ways ? '' 
 a sexy smile lined his full lips . 
 `` yup , that one . 
 the canvas is rolled up in a tube under the bed . 
 it 's yours , abby . 
 and it 's stunning . '' 
 smiling fully , i reached for him and embraced jack , feeling every inch of his smooth skin against mine . 
 the little dress i was wearing suddenly seemed very restricting . 
 i moved to take it off , but jack stopped me . 
 `` let me be the one to do that , '' he leaned in close , kissing my neck , his hands pulling me tightly against him . 
 i groaned , feeling heat building inside of me , my knees growing weaker by the moment . 
 `` what do you like , jack ? 
 tell me ... '' his lips pulled away from my neck . 
 he took me by my hands , throwing a few pillows on the floor , and said , `` kneel . '' 
 i did as he asked , my breathing growing more ragged by the moment . 
 his smooth , firm length was in front of my mouth and i wanted it . 
 i wanted to taste him and suck on him . 
 my lips parted , my tongue licking my teeth as i openly stared . 
 `` kiss me , abby . 
 any way you want . 
 anything that feels good , do it . '' 
 i glanced up at him , wide-eyed . 
 he reached for my hair , stroking it gently as my face neared his most private parts . 
 leaning my head against his stomach , i closed my eyes and breathed . 
 the scent was divine . 
 it filled my head , making me want him in my mouth even more . 
 brushing him over my lips , i kissed him gently . 
 holding onto his length , i rubbed him across my face , my eyes , my cheeks , before taking him in my mouth . 
 jack gasped as my lips closed around him . 
 the heat that was building in my belly was so intense , so hot , that as i wrapped my tongue around jack , i could feel the dampness between my legs . 
 jack 's hands were in my hair , holding me , tugging gently as he moaned with each kiss . 
 my lips slid over him , around him , up and down until jack gasped , pushing me away , saying , `` oh god . 
 abby , i wo n't last long if you do that . '' 
 with his hands on my shoulders , i fixated on his beautiful erection before my eyes . 
 `` i want to taste , jack . '' 
 leaning in , i pressed my lips to him again , then took him in my mouth . 
 his fingers threaded through my hair as we fell into a rhythm , rocking and moaning . 
 every part of my body felt alive and hot . 
 i wanted his hands on me , but i wanted to taste him more . 
 gently sucking and twisting my tongue around him , i moved my lips over him , loving him , tasting him . 
 the grip on my hair tightened as jack filled my mouth . 
 the salty-sweet flavor slid over my tongue and down my throat . 
 i devoured every last drop , licking my lips when there was no more . 
 jack watched me , his dark eyes wide and sated until i licked my lips like i wanted more . 
 with that , he bent down and lifted me , picking me up in his arms . 
 `` abby , you have no idea what you 're doing to me , '' he breathed heavily in my ear . 
 his perfect body was pressed against me , but i wanted him closer . 
 `` i want to feel you against me . '' 
 his eyes met mine , shining like twin lakes . 
 his fingers deftly unbuttoned and unzipped , as he pushed away fabric , revealing pale skin beneath . 
 every touch of his hands made me want more . 
 i moaned , my head hanging back . 
 jack lifted me onto the bed , `` tell me what you want , abby . '' 
 but i did n't know . 
 i wanted everything , everywhere . 
 i writhed as he watched me ; his breath slipping over my hot bare skin . 
 a single thought broke through the haze . 
 more than anything , i wanted to feel him between my legs . 
 `` ride me , jack . 
 i want to feel you inside of me . '' 
 jack lowered his body next to mine on the bed , whispering in my ear , kissing my neck as his hand was splayed across my stomach , drifting slowly south . 
 `` anything you want , '' he breathed . 
 his fingers lowered , touching between my legs , stroking me gently . 
 my bottom rose off the bed , wanting to feel his touch as it disappeared , `` you 're so wet . '' 
 his hand moved over me again , stroking , touching , pinching and rubbing . 
 my head was spinning . 
 jack made me so lustful that i could n't think . 
 again his hands moved over me , in me , around me . 
 i reeled , spreading my legs further , calling his name , `` jack . '' 
 his fingers thrust inside me , pushing hard . 
 then he slid them up , touching my stomach , passing over my br ** sts , forming a line that went to my mouth . 
 when he reached my lips , jack ran his finger over my lips and then lowered his head , tasting me as he kissed me . 
 his tongue swept over my lips , licking it all away . 
 as i kissed him , i could taste it and something about him doing that made me hotter . 
 my legs ached to hold him against me , but jack moved slowly , teasing and tasting . 
 his lips touched every inch of my body , lingering on my br ** sts , gently pinching my n ** ples , making me cry out . 
 by the time he climbed on top of me , i wanted nothing but to feel him sliding into me , hard-over and over again . 
 when he said , `` be still , abby . 
 let me feel you , '' i nearly died . 
 body rigid , i laid on the bed , fingers clawing the sheets , trying to control myself when i had no control left . 
 eyes shut tight , i felt jack , hard and long , pushing into me . 
 he 'd do it slowly once , then withdraw and do it again . 
 my chest thrust up toward him as i tried to remain still , aching , wanting to be touched . 
 jack 's hands kneaded me gently , tugging my n ** ples when he pushed into me . 
 his voice cut through the haze , `` look at me , abby . 
 i want to see your eyes . '' 
 peeling my eyes open , i looked up at him . 
 his hands were on my br ** sts , his hard body buried deep inside of me . 
 i arched my back , trying not to move , watching him straddling me , looking down at me like i was everything he ever wanted . 
 `` i want you , jack . 
 please , please ... '' i whispered , gazing into his eyes . 
 the plea seemed to shatter him . 
 my loving , teasing , jack , suddenly withdrew and slammed into me hard . 
 gasping , i moaned , holding tight to his h * ps with my legs . 
 he repeated the motion several times , each time faster and harder than the last . 
 when he paused , i gasped , `` more . 
 please , do n't stop . '' 
 things blurred together , our intertwined bodies moving as one . 
 jack 's glistening skin and dark eyes watched me . 
 i could feel his gaze on my face as i cried out every time he pushed into me . 
 deeper and harder he pushed , taking me higher and higher . 
 `` come for me , abby , '' jack said , not stopping , thrusting into me hard and fast . 
 his words , his voice , tingling and wet , i could feel the gentle pulsating increase until i shattered into a million happy pieces . 
 jack felt it , moving harder , faster . 
 he arched his back , pushing into me slowly , one last time , ready to pull out , but i asked him to stop . 
 hands on the small of his back , i said , `` stay , '' and he did . 
 every small throb clung around his spent body , feeling him and making me happier and happier . 
 looking up at him , he watched me as the perfect pulses dulled . 
 sliding next to me , he pulled my sweat soaked body on his chest , kissing my head . 
 `` i love you , abby . '' 
 and i fell asleep in perfect bliss . 
 chapter twenty-nine the sun shone through the windows , waking me . 
 jack was awake , looking down at me , his hands playing with a stray curl . 
 `` good morning , lover , '' he smiled . 
 i smiled , snuggling closer to him when i heard something . 
 turning , i glanced at the door . 
 `` did you hear that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he nodded . 
 `` yeah , i did . '' 
 he slid out of bed , and pulled on his jeans . 
 i watched the denim slide over his perfect ass , admiring the view as jack walked to the window , peeking between the shutters . 
 `` shit , '' he muttered , shaking his head . 
 he looked back at me , worry in his eyes . 
 sitting up , i clutched the sheet to my chest . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 my stomach sank , the afterglow from last night gone . 
 `` paparazzi and cop cars . 
 throw something on . 
 the cops are headed to the door . '' 
 jumping out of bed , i scavenged the room for my panties and bra , putting them on fast . 
 i 'd only worn them for an hour or so , but i still wanted clean clothes . 
 clothes that i could n't get to without going into the studio where my bag was . 
 i donned the dress over my head and smoothed my hair just as the knocking came . 
 jack looked back at me and i nodded for him to open it . 
 two officers and a guy in a suit pressed into the room , slamming the door shut . 
 jack reached for his shirt , and pulled it over his head as the police entered the tiny apartment . 
 i leaned against the counter in the kitchenette , heart pounding . 
 something was wrong . 
 `` jack gray , i 'm afraid we are n't here with good news . 
 if you 'll finish getting dressed , i need you to come with us . '' 
 the man in the dark suit spoke calmly , his eyes meeting jack 's . 
 he was slightly leaner and taller than jack , a blonde mustache clinging to his top lip . 
 `` nate , '' jack replied , `` what 's this about ? 
 why is the press camped on my front lawn ? '' 
 nate ignored his question , nodding at me , `` abigail tyndale ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` you 'll be coming with us also . '' 
 one of the uniformed officers moved toward me , reaching around to remove the handcuffs from his belt . 
 jack stepped between us , stopping the man , `` what the f ** k is going on ? 
 nate ? '' 
 he looked at the guy in the suit , fury glowing in his eyes . 
 `` are we under arrest ? '' 
 nate nodded . 
 there was sympathy in his voice , `` listen , jack . 
 someone steam-plowed you . 
 evidence came in last night that your studio is n't what we thought . '' 
 `` what the hell do you think it is ? '' 
 tension lined jack 's body . 
 `` i ca n't talk to you , jack . 
 i would have come without the press , but someone tipped them off . 
 you 've been accused of running a prostitution ring , and miss tyndale is your newest girl . '' 
 my jaw fell open . 
 for the first time , i talked , `` what ? '' 
 my voice came out in a rush , more forceful than i 'd intended . 
 `` you think i 'm a hooker ? '' 
 `` the charge is trading sexual favors for money . 
 i have to remove you both from the premises in handcuffs . 
 i 'm sorry , jack . '' 
 the man in the suit waved to the officers to cuff us . 
 jack 's eyes were wide . 
 he did n't move away from me , `` nate , this is belinda 's shit . 
 you ca n't possibly believe her ? 
 she 's been trying to screw me for years ! '' 
 nate turned to jack , shaking his head , `` last night other girls gave testimonies about their association with you and your company , jack . 
 it 's not belinda . 
 a judge already signed the arrest warrants . 
 you think we 'd come in here empty handed and risk you suing our asses off ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` jack , this looks bad . 
 your accounts have been frozen , your studio and all its contents are being confiscated . 
 someone has you by the balls . 
 you 're f ** ked , my friend . 
 call your lawyer , but i ca n't do more than that . 
 my hands are tied and people are watching . 
 i ca n't make exceptions for you or i 'll catch hell for it . '' 
 every muscle in jack 's body was corded tight , like he was going to explode . 
 fear was choking me into silence . 
 i watched the silver cuffs in the cop 's hand as jack called his lawyer . 
 the last thing he said was , `` get abby 's name out of this and make it so it never happened . '' 
 he looked up at me , after hanging up . 
 `` i 'm sorry , abby . 
 we have to go . '' 
 i shook my head , not wanting to make things harder than they already were . 
 i held out my wrists . 
 the cold metal bit into my skin . 
 the officer started to lead me to the door , but jack spoke , `` take her out the back . 
 nate , please . 
 this has nothing to do with her . 
 even if i clear my name , you know what happens to women accused of this shit . 
 it sticks . 
 do n't feed her to the press . 
 nate . '' 
 jack spoke to him like they were friends , like they knew each other . 
 nate turned his brown eyes to me , then back to jack , `` someone 's got to go out the front , jack . '' 
 jack held his wrists up , `` done . 
 take me out the front . 
 now . '' 
 the cop put his hand on my back , leading me to the back door . 
 there were still people there , but everyone would be watching the front door when jack stepped out . 
 `` i 'll fix this , abby . 
 i promise . '' 
 the suit and the cop pushed jack through the front door . 
 camera flashes and people yelling , asking questions , wafted through the empty room . 
 the cop waited half a beat and then ushered me through the backdoor . 
 i held my head low , hands cuffed in front , as he opened the squad car and helped me inside . 
 the cop did n't speak . 
 just as he closed the door , i heard it . 
 the press turned and saw me leaving in another car . 
 questions were hurling at us , but the cop started the car and drove away . 
 everything after that was a blur . 
 tears stung my eyes , making it impossible to see . 
 someone read me my rights , i was fingerprinted , photographed , and read my charges . 
 prostitution . 
 my stomach sank . 
 a female officer repeated herself , `` do you know what 's happening to you ? 
 do you know where you are ? 
 do you understand what you 're being charged with ? '' 
 i shook my head slowly , afraid to look at her . 
 the holding cells around me were filled with men , all of who looked depraved and murderous . 
 i could feel their eyes on my body , watching me . 
 the cop that brought me in escorted me out of that area and into the back . 
 he unlocked a cell door and i stepped inside . 
 my heart sank as i heard it clunk shut behind me . 
 it was everything i could manage to not cry . 
 this place terrified me . 
 before i turned around , a familiar voice rang in my ears , `` so you were n't the mole after all . '' 
 chapter thirty i turned around and saw linda sitting on a bench . 
 she was the only person in the cell . 
 relief flooded through me . 
 `` linda , what are you doing here ? '' 
 dark bags clung under her eyes , `` i 'm an accomplice in long island 's elite prostitution ring , or so i 've been told . '' 
 her arms were folded over her chest , her head tilted back against the wall . 
 `` and what 's your crime ? 
 actually hooking ? 
 or something else ? '' 
 i sat down hard next to her , `` hooker . '' 
 staring at the floor , i felt the rage i 'd been repressing bubble up inside of me . 
 `` who did this to him , linda ? '' 
 `` do n't know , hun . '' 
 she crossed her ankles , her slacks completely wrinkled . 
 `` for a while , i thought it was you . 
 when you came back is when all this crap came to the surface . '' 
 she shook her head , `` obviously i 've changed my theory since you 're sitting next to me . 
 but whoever it was , they planned everything perfectly . 
 this will damn him , ruin his career and he 'll lose everything-every penny . 
 the government will seize it as ill-gotten gains . '' 
 my mouth hung open . 
 i stared at her , `` i do n't understand how someone could do this . 
 how could they toss away three lives like this ? 
 my reputation is gone , so is yours . 
 and jack , oh my god ... '' i shook my head , lowering it into my hands . 
 `` none of us saw it coming . 
 and whoever did it somehow sweet-talked a judge into signing arrest warrants without physical proof . '' 
 my stomach sank , `` he said they have proof . '' 
 linda closed her eyes and let out a rush of air . 
 she leaned forward and put her face in her hands . 
 `` shit . 
 we 're f ** ked , abby . 
 all of us . '' 
 she sat back , looking at me , `` what proof ? 
 paper ? 
 testimony ? '' 
 `` it sounded like both . 
 linda , think-who would do this to him ? 
 who hates him that much ? '' 
 the older woman shook her head , her eyes glassy . 
 `` i do n't know , hun . 
 i just do n't know . '' 
 the jailer called my name , `` abigail tyndale , you made bail . 
 please step over to the bars . '' 
 i looked back at linda . 
 `` how long have you been here ? '' 
 `` about 14 hours , now , '' she replied , leaning back against the wall , kicking her feet out . 
 thinly contained rage played out on her face . 
 `` jack does n't know you 're here . 
 i 'll make sure they get you out fast . '' 
 the woman did n't answer . 
 she stared straight ahead , nodded once , and continued to gaze at the cinderblock wall like she was willing it to explode . 
 i walked out of the cell and through the back of the jail to a car waiting out back . 
 it was a sleek black beamer . 
 the jailer opened the door and i was pushed inside . 
 jack was n't there . 
 the door slammed shut . 
 instead , there was a handsome man with mocha skin and a slick suit sitting next to me . 
 a phone was pressed to his ear and he was saying , `` his assets are frozen and he 's not a flight risk , kenny . 
 what the f ** k are they doing ? '' 
 he uh-huhed a few times and snapped his phone shut . 
 the car lurched forward . 
 `` miss tyndale , i wish we could have met under better circumstances . '' 
 he held out his hand and i took it . 
 shaking it , he said , `` phil green , mr. gray 's lawyer . '' 
 i wanted to ask him what happened , where jack was . 
 as if he could read my face , he said , `` i 'll fill you in on the way . 
 jack 's fine , but he 's still in holding . 
 his assets were frozen and his bail amount supersedes his liquid assets . 
 i have to move a few things , and he should be out in a few hours . '' 
 it felt like i was kicked in the stomach . 
 jack in jail with those people for hours ? 
 `` you were easier to extract , lower bail . '' 
 `` linda is in there too . '' 
 i added . 
 `` i 'm sure jack does n't know . 
 can we get her out too ? '' 
 phil nodded , writing something on a tablet . 
 `` see anyone else in there ? 
 gus , maybe ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` so gus did this ? '' 
 the lawyer shrugged , `` since he 's the only one not in jail , it stands to reason . '' 
 i sat back as we drove to kate 's apartment . 
 i groaned when i saw the press camped out in front of the building . 
 phil said , `` i 'll get you inside . 
 try to wait it out and they 'll go away . 
 the first three days will suck , but if you do n't give them anything , they leave . 
 if you give them more stuff to feed off of , they 'll never leave . 
 understand ? '' 
 he spoke to me directly , like i was traumatized . 
 i nodded , hating every moment of this . 
 `` your roommate is already aware of this and will open the door for you . 
 go straight inside . 
 jack will be in touch . '' 
 `` is there anything i can do ? '' 
 i asked . 
 this felt so hopeless . 
 phil shook his head , `` i 'm afraid not . 
 jack 's f ** ked every way 'til tuesday . 
 they have models saying he slept with them-they signed affidavits . 
 combine that with the surveillance on you two for the past few days , and ... '' i blanched , `` what ? 
 they were watching us ? '' 
 phil shook his head , `` it 's damning , abby . 
 jack 's not going to recover from this . '' 
 `` then why are you helping him ? '' 
 i asked point blank . 
 `` i owe him a favor , one huge-ass favor . 
 he called it in . '' 
 phil slid designer sunglasses on his nose and pushed open his door . 
 he stood and buttoned his coat like he was posing for gq . 
 cameras swarmed the car , but he held up his hand pushing them back . 
 he quickly opened my door , pushing me through the crowd to the door . 
 someone yelled slut . 
 kate threw the door open and pulled me inside . 
 tears welled up in my eyes , and huge sobs came out of my mouth . 
 i could n't stop them . 
 things were beyond repair . 
 chapter thirty-one kate was doting . 
 she helped me calm down before showing me the papers . 
 jack was on every cover with words like corrupt , prostitution ring , and scandalous . 
 i did n't want to read them , but someone tipped off the press . 
 `` these were run before the arrest this morning ? '' 
 i asked kate . 
 she nodded , `` yeah , probably late last night . 
 see there 's no mention of the arrest in the printed copies . 
 the online papers added it to the stories when it happened . '' 
 after a moment , she asked , `` abby , is there any way it 's true ? '' 
 i glared at her like she was the stupidest person alive . 
 `` they 're saying he paid you for sex . 
 that he 's done it before . '' 
 staring at the papers , i answered , `` he proposed , kate . '' 
 `` he 's been doing scandalous things with you for the past week , abby . 
 is there any chance that you misunderstood ... '' i cut her off , `` no ! 
 there 's no way i missed the nonverbal hooker cue , kate ! 
 i 'm not that stupid and he 's not like that ! '' 
 why did people keep underestimating me ? 
 it was like they saw a dumb hick , and not the highly educated new yorker . 
 without looking at me , she asked , `` where 's the ring ? 
 he proposed , so where is it ? '' 
 my stomach twisted as i stroked my ring finger , `` we were going to go and pick one out today . '' 
 `` that story , what he said , abby , '' she shoved a newspaper in front of me , `` it lines up with the testimony of another employee . 
 she said she was his sex toy , that he promised to marry her , and then fired her . 
 she admits to trading sexual favors for money . 
 she said her official job description was jonathan gray 's assistant . '' 
 all the blood drained from my face . 
 i picked up the paper and looked at it , trying to find the name of the assistant . 
 `` kate , who said this ? 
 why did n't they name the source ? '' 
 `` abby , stop . 
 accept this for what it was , '' her hand clasped mine . 
 her eyes were wide , concerned . 
 `` he used you . 
 he got busted . 
 do n't make it worse than it already is by holding him up on a pedestal and denying the obvious . '' 
 tears were streaming down my cheeks . 
 i shook my head , `` it 's not true , kate . 
 he loves me . '' 
 but the papers surrounding me all told the same story ; wealthy jonathan gray made his fortune by hav ** g s * x with his models , capturing them in the throes of ecstasy , and photographing their illicit acts . 
 he later painted the images of the women , claiming to have been inspired . 
 more models were coming forward , telling the same story-they traded sex for a referral , for money , for fame -- with jonathan gray . 
 chapter thirty-two kate unplugged the phone to end the ceaseless barrage of reporters . 
 she gazed out the window , long hair down her back . 
 `` there seems to be less of them today . '' 
 i nodded , staring vacantly . 
 she turned to me . 
 `` this 'll pass , abby . '' 
 i looked up at her from my spot on the couch , legs tucked under me . 
 i did n't know what to believe about jack . 
 it was easy to say one person was lying-that one person would perjure herself-but five models came forward in the past twenty-four hours , all saying the same story . 
 it made me sick . 
 i sat in the living room all night , unable to sleep . 
 the tv glowed in front of me , but i could n't watch . 
 everything was about me . 
 the news person was saying , `` more pictures of miss tyndale have been leaked showcasing the perversion of this once elite studio . '' 
 they posted a picture of me from the photo shoot , blurring certain parts to make it acceptable for tv . 
 i felt like i was going to puke . 
 kate grabbed the remote and turned it off . 
 `` you do n't need to hear that , '' she sat down in her chair . 
 i did n't move , did n't blink . 
 `` abby , phil 's been trying to get hold of you . 
 he said he was coming later , bringing jack with him . '' 
 i glanced at her . 
 `` i told him i did n't want that son-of-a-bitch here , but it has something to do with clearing your name . 
 so i said he could come . 
 do you want me to stay ? '' 
 she was hesitant , like she suspected there was lava boiling beneath my calm facade , ready to explode . 
 i nodded once , not looking at her . 
 jack . 
 i could n't believe that he used me . 
 i could n't believe that i fell for his lies . 
 i 'd known him for so long , at least i thought i did . 
 it was clear that this was n't the work of belinda . 
 it looked like jack was just a pervert who got caught with his hand in the cookie jar-and i was the cookie jar . 
 `` what do i say to him , kate ? '' 
 it was the first thing i 'd said since our conversation yesterday . 
 `` i feel so completely used , '' tears streamed down my face . 
 `` he knew what he was doing , what would happen to me when he was done , and he did it anyway . 
 the papers said he was doing the same thing to me that he did to the others . '' 
 i shook my head slowly . 
 life had taken on a surreal feeling and i 'd gone numb trying to cope . 
 `` do n't think about that right now , abby . 
 just save yourself , and we 'll pick up the pieces . '' 
 i did n't look at her . 
 kate moved in front of me , took my hands in hers and said , `` you 'll get through this . '' 
 but i did n't believe her . 
 it felt like i was dead on the inside , a walking corpse . 
 the knock on the door startled me . 
 i could n't stand the thought of facing jack . 
 `` sit . 
 i 'll get it . '' 
 kate opened the door quickly . 
 jack and phil walked in . 
 kate moved next to me protectively . 
 `` say what you want and get out . '' 
 she was forceful , like a mama protecting her young . 
 i could sense jack looking at me , watching my face . 
 tears continued to stream from my eyes . 
 i was unable to stop them . 
 `` abby ? '' 
 he said , not coming closer because of kate . 
 `` i have something that will clear your name . '' 
 slowly , i turned my face up to see him . 
 he looked like hell , dark circles under his eyes like he had n't slept since it happened . 
 the last time he rested must have been when i was in his arms . 
 my stomach churned like i had eaten glass . 
 swallowing hard , i asked , `` is it true ? 
 just tell me , jack . 
 was i so naive that i could n't see what you were doing ? '' 
 he looked away , arms folding over his chest . 
 he nodded once . 
 kate 's fist curled like she would hit him , but phil spoke , breaking the nasty glare that jack was getting . 
 `` miss tyndale , if you sign this paper , you walk away from this whole thing with no record . 
 we 've spoken with the state , and based on your previous experience with things like this , they 'll strike everything and let you walk . '' 
 i eyed him suspiciously , `` why would they do that ? '' 
 `` because you would be the final nail in the coffin , '' he sighed , rubbing his head like he did n't want to say it , `` of jonathan gray . 
 if you attest to your acts as being of mutual consent and being too inexperienced to realize what jack had offered you , they 'll clear your name . '' 
 i glanced at jack . 
 something did n't sound right . 
 `` jack did n't offer me anything like that . '' 
 jack 's blue eyes lifted , meeting mine . 
 `` what are you doing ? 
 you lied to me once , do n't do it again . '' 
 jack 's arms were folded tightly across his chest , `` sign it , abby . 
 you did n't understand what i offered . 
 the others did . '' 
 he looked me in the eye when he said it , but something was wrong . 
 i could feel it . 
 he was tense , mad , but not at me . 
 desperation oozed from him , thick , choking him . 
 i stood and walked over to him , looking into his eyes , `` tell me that you lied . 
 tell me that you do n't love me , and i 'll sign it . '' 
 jack 's lips formed a thin pink line , his shoulders practically shaking . 
 `` i do n't love you . 
 i said those things to get you to do what i wanted , what i needed for my work . '' 
 his voice was cold , each word dripping with disdain . 
 kate 's hand was on my shoulder , pulling me toward the counter , `` sign it , abby . '' 
 she shoved a pen into my hand . 
 i looked at phil , `` what happens if i do n't sign ? 
 what will they do with me ? '' 
 he glanced at jack , as if asking permission before saying , `` then you 'll be the only model who did n't bargain out , and the last one standing takes the fall . 
 there will be jail time , miss tyndale . 
 there has to be a public fall of those accused . 
 the scandal is too large for this to go away quietly . 
 it 's in your best interest to sign the paper . '' 
 i glanced at it , feeling the plastic pen in my hand . 
 i flicked the pen on the counter , and said , `` no . 
 i 'm not signing . 
 i 'm not that stupid , and if i was , i deserve what i get . '' 
 i glared at jack . 
 his arms loosened , like he was melting as i shoved past him , walking down the hallway and slamming the door to my room . 
 chapter thirty-three when i came out later , they were gone , but the papers were still there . 
 the pen was still sitting there , ready to be used . 
 kate was making dinner , soup from the looks of it . 
 it smelled wonderful , but i did n't feel like eating . 
 i sat on a chair , looking at her . 
 `` would you have signed it ? '' 
 she turned around , a boiling pot in front of her . 
 `` i honestly do n't know . 
 i 'd want to do what was right , but i 'd want to save my ass more . '' 
 i nodded , shoulders slumped , sitting on a stool . 
 kate said , `` you have a way of doing what 's right , even if it kills you . 
 why 'd you say no ? '' 
 i shrugged , `` it felt wrong . 
 something 's wrong with the whole thing . 
 i just do n't know what . 
 it 's possible that it 's me , that i 'm a moron . 
 jack pretty much told me so , but i ca n't sign that . '' 
 kate smiled sadly , `` i wish you would , but i 'm also glad you did n't . '' 
 i nodded . 
 kate turned back to the pot . 
 `` did he say anything else , before he left ? '' 
 she dipped a spoon into the boiling broth , raising it to her lips . 
 she blew on it gently before sipping it . 
 nodding , she banged a spoon on the side of the pot and said , `` as a matter of fact , he did . 
 he said , `` make sure she signs this . '' 
 not the kind of thing a jackass would say . 
 if you sign that paper , his case is screwed . 
 did you read it ? '' 
 i shook my head , glancing at the pages . 
 `` the other evidence is only testimony . 
 your case is the only one that holds tangible proof to the accusations . 
 if you sign that , jack loses everything and goes to jail for a very long time . '' 
 my stomach twisted as i picked up the papers , staring at them . 
 i would n't survive in jail . 
 i knew that without a doubt . 
 i was too soft , too sensitive . 
 it made me a target , but it also made me see things others missed . 
 and this , i could feel it-jack was lying-it just was n't the lie i thought . 
 __________ i parked kate 's car at the econolodge . 
 rain was pouring from the sky like someone left a hose on . 
 i stepped from the dry interior and was instantly soaked . 
 the dark parking lot made me nervous , but i crossed to the door with the golden number 34 . 
 i banged on it twice . 
 loudly . 
 jack pulled the door open , his jaw dropping to his chest , surprised to see me . 
 `` abby , what are you ... ? '' 
 but i did n't give him a chance to answer , `` how could you look me in the eye and lie to my face ? '' 
 taking my soaking wet hands , i shoved his chest . 
 `` answer me ! 
 do n't i deserve as much ? '' 
 rain pelted me , soaking me through and through . 
 water dripped down my face , but jack did n't touch me . 
 `` you deserve more than i can give . 
 go home , abby . 
 sign the paper , '' his voice was cold . 
 moving back , jack started to close the door . 
 kicking my foot out , i stuck it in the jam before the door shut . 
 `` i 'm already a martyr , jack . 
 your compassion is wasted on me . 
 i 've been fired from my church , they were all too happy to do it . 
 there 's nothing left for me . 
 i might as well throw myself off a bridge or go rot in jail . 
 it makes no difference at this point . 
 what i want to know is how you can stand there and lie to me ? 
 answer me jack , or so help me , i 'll ... '' jack yelled back , the sound of the rain filling the air , `` or you 'll what , abby ? 
 i tried to save you . 
 i ca n't do a damn thing to help me , but i can clear your name . 
 i can remove it from your record and give you another chance . '' 
 he stepped closer to me , rain pouring down his neck , soaking his shirt . 
 `` sign the f ** king papers . '' 
 as he was yelling at me , something snapped . 
 i could n't stand it anymore , `` you ca n't save me , jack ! 
 you ca n't save someone who does n't want to be saved ! 
 and i do n't want it . 
 i 'll do what i have to , even if it kills me . 
 i am not signing that f ** king paper . 
 i am not accusing you of something you did n't do , but for the life of me , i ca n't understand why you wo n't admit it ! '' 
 i pulled the papers out of my jacket , and ripped it in half , shredding it . 
 every ounce of anger that flowed through me was put into that action . 
 the silent volcano within me exploded . 
 i was screaming at jack , and when he reached for the paper , trying to stop me , i threw it at him . 
 the only thing keeping me from a jail cell was ripped to shreds , sticking to the parking lot like wet confetti . 
 jack was shocked , watching me rant like a lunatic , shredding my freedom and tossing it in the air like it did n't matter . 
 `` words wo n't save me . 
 what i say makes no difference . 
 someone did this to me , and there 's no going back . 
 even if phil clears my name and i avoid jail , i 'm ruined . '' 
 he pushed his sopping wet hair out of his eyes . 
 `` there 's nothing left here for you , abby . 
 i 'm screwed no matter what i do . 
 i just hoped that i could make things better for you . '' 
 my chest was heaving , huge tears of rage dripping down my face , making a hot trail . 
 `` what 's mine is yours , jack . 
 the good , the bad , and the ugly . 
 all of it . 
 i said yes when you asked me to marry you . 
 i knew what that meant . 
 i 'm not here for your money . 
 i do n't care about your studio . 
 i 'm here for you . 
 i was here when things were good , and i 'm here when they 've gone to hell . '' 
 his eyes were glassy , but he did n't step out closer . 
 a sad smile snaked across his lips , `` this is one time that i wish to god you 'd listen to me . 
 go home , abby . 
 wash your hands of me . '' 
 the door closed in my face . 
 jack vanished on the other side , leaving me standing alone in the rain . 
 it felt like my heart died in my chest . 
 i could n't breathe . 
 i did n't know what to do , so i stood there , rain pelting me , soaking me to the bone . 
 minutes passed . 
 dread pooled in my stomach , sickeningly quick . 
 it felt like the cold night would swallow me whole and i wished it would . 
 it would be easier than this-easier than leaving him behind . 
 that 's when i realized that i could n't do it . 
 jack was trying to save me , and i was trying to save him . 
 determination sprang up my spine . 
 i moved closer to his door , trying to get out of the rain , and sat down . 
 about an hour passed . 
 the eaves were n't wide enough to keep me dry . 
 my numb eyes stared at the rain , falling from heaven , washing away everything that hurt me . 
 thoughts drifted into my mind , and i wondered what i 'd do if jack opened the door and turned me away . 
 refusing to sign those papers was suicide , but it felt like i was already dead . 
 the wind blew , pelting the cold water into my face . 
 my head was against the jam , coat pulled up around my neck , pressing my face away from the wind , toward the door when the knob turned . 
 jack pulled the door open and i fell backward into the room , soaking wet . 
 for a moment , i lay on my back , stunned , looking up into his sad eyes . 
 `` abby , '' was all he said as he stepped over me . 
 there was a moment after i stood up when i just stared at him before i found my voice . 
 i found a part of me that i did n't know i had . 
 it was ferocious and scared the hell out of me . 
 maybe it was my fight or flight instinct kicking in . 
 i do n't know , but what i did know was that i was n't giving jack up without a fight . 
 folding my arms across my chest , i repressed a shiver , saying , `` send me away , jack . 
 lie to my face . 
 tell me that you did horrible things when i know you did n't . 
 i 'll just come back ... '' my teeth were chattering . 
 the muscle in my jaw tensed trying to control it . 
 `` i promised i would n't leave you . 
 i 'm not breaking my promise to save my own ass . '' 
 jack 's lips parted like he was going to say something , but phil 's black car zoomed into the parking lot and stopped in front of us . 
 jack glanced at me one last time before he pulled the motel door shut . 
 brushing past me , heading directly for the car door phil kicked open from inside . 
 jack leaned into the car and emerged with a manila envelope . 
 without a word , he tossed it to me . 
 stunned at his cold behavior , i fumbled it and nearly dropped the thing on the wet ground . 
 clutching it , i looked down at the package . 
 it was getting soaked . 
 jack glared at me , his eyes filled with loathing , `` sign it . 
 get this back to phil by tonight . 
 there 's no silver lining . 
 there 's no other way out . 
 we 're through , abby . '' 
 there was no bite in his voice . 
 it almost sounded like an apology . 
 his eyes locked with mine , staring vacantly , `` i used you . 
 get over it . '' 
 he turned his back to me and slid into phil 's car . 
 the door slammed and they drove away , leaving me sopping wet , standing in the parking lot of the econolodge with a yellow envelope as my only salvation . 
 chapter thirty-four kate used vacation days to stay with me . 
 or maybe she did n't want to shove her way through the paparazzi . 
 anyway , she was home and awake when i trudged in soaked to the bone . 
 her dark hair was tied in a knot , forming a make-shift ponytail of sorts . 
 she wore gray sweats and fuzzy socks , opposed to her normally perfectly pressed work attire . 
 she was munching on a bowl of cheerios . 
 `` tell me you did n't . '' 
 her spoon stopped half way to her mouth as she stared , slack jawed at my drowned rat look . 
 hastily , she put her bowl down and ran over to me , `` abby , that ass does n't deserve this kind of loyalty from you . '' 
 she took my hand , and started peeling me out of my soaked jacket , `` you 're frozen ! '' 
 her hands grabbed my wrist , feeling how cold my skin was . 
 `` shit , abby . 
 you 'll catch your death ! '' 
 while she scolded me for being so stupid , i stared blankly . 
 my mind was reeling , working double time . 
 i felt like i was missing something . 
 before i knew what was happening , kate was snapping her fingers under my nose , trying to get my attention . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked like she had n't said a word . 
 she cocked her head at me , concern on her face , `` when are you going to see the way the world works ? 
 your entire life has been like this-one train wreck after another . 
 you ca n't walk around trying to save everyone . 
 it only ensures a short and painful life for you . '' 
 she threw a blanket over my shoulders . 
 nodding her head , she indicated that i should follow her down the hall . 
 kate pushed open the bathroom door and turned on the shower . 
 within seconds steam filled the air and my shivering lessened . 
 i rolled my eyes , `` you sound like my mother . '' 
 `` good ! '' 
 she huffed , hands on her hips . 
 `` then maybe i 'll get through to you ! '' 
 kate meant well , but she did n't know . 
 my family looked picture perfect on the outside , but on the inside it was an all-american mess . 
 `` that was n't a compliment . 
 my mother was faithfully silent , moving through life trying to make the least amount of waves possible . 
 someone wronged her , she looked the other way . 
 someone hurt me , she did n't make a sound . 
 nothing , kate . 
 she did n't lift a finger when my dad was drunk out of his mind , his hand smashing into my face . 
 why do you think i was allowed to stay at your house so much ? 
 it was the road of least conflict for her . 
 she was a coward , kate . 
 that 's why she 's dead . 
 that 's why i do n't have her anymore . 
 it was n't a fluke that my dad was drunk when their car crashed . 
 i 'm just glad they did n't kill anyone else . '' 
 my words were cold , and bitter . 
 kate 's eyes widened as i spoke . 
 she had no idea , and i 'd never told her . 
 `` i 'm sorry , abby . 
 i just want to help . 
 i do n't want to see you hurt even more . '' 
 she sighed , pushing her frizzing hair out of her face . 
 the room was very warm now , sticky with steam . 
 `` the press caught your altercation with him . 
 it 's on the news . 
 they 're making fun of you , saying that the poor little preacher girl does n't understand that the big bad city boy played her . 
 abby , you 're making this worse by going to him . 
 you have to stay away or this will never end . 
 the paparazzi are like a flock of rabid pigeons and you 're feeding them . '' 
 her tone had changed from chastising to pleading . 
 i nodded , `` you 're right about that . 
 i wo n't do it again , but i ca n't sign the papers either . '' 
 `` take a shower abby . 
 get warm , and hope to god that you did n't catch pneumonia . 
 i 'll heat up some soup for you . '' 
 she turned and left . 
 wiping the steam from the mirror , i looked at my face in the glass . 
 my auburn hair was plastered to my head . 
 thick black lines smudged under my eyes and my skin had developed a corpse-like pallor . 
 i watched my face as the steam turned the mirror white once again . 
 resolve building in my sleep-deprived mind , i stood in the shower wondering who hated jack with such venom . 
 __________ after a hellish night of no sleep , i pulled on my own sweats . 
 i sat at the counter with kate sipping soup . 
 the rain continued to beat against the glass outside . 
 the only perk was that there were fewer cameras today . 
 `` while i was sitting outside , i was thinking about something . '' 
 she glanced at me , and i continued after sipping the scalding liquid . 
 `` everyone was implicated-gus , too . '' 
 kate nodded , reaching for a paper , flipping through it . 
 her finger trailed down a list of names implicated in the scandal . 
 finally she said , `` yeah , gus peck was implicated , too . 
 it does n't mention if he was arrested or not . 
 it looks like he pled out also , which damns jack even more . '' 
 looking at the soup , i stirred it with my spoon . 
 it felt like a thought was there , something major , and just out of reach . 
 my waterlogged brain skirted the idea last night-it 's something about the arrests-something that 's off . 
 or missing . 
 i wondered , thinking out loud , hoping it would make sense at some point , `` and everyone thought it was me , because all this crap started when i arrived . '' 
 kate nodded , `` yeah , but abby , they know you did n't do it . 
 if jack 's innocent , '' i cut her off , stating it as a fact , `` he is innocent . '' 
 `` fine . 
 he is innocent . 
 if that 's the case , then someone played you guys . 
 they watched you , and made sure they had everything they needed to string both of you up . '' 
 she sipped from her coffee cup , `` and you have no idea who it is ? '' 
 shaking my head , i replied , `` belinda is the only person that seemed to have enough venom for jack , but she did n't have a key . 
 and unless she was working with someone , i do n't see how this happened . '' 
 staring , swirling my spoon in my soup i muttered , `` time . 
 the time is important . '' 
 i was lost in thought , talking out loud . 
 kate leaned on the counter , looking at me . 
 `` me , belinda , the interviews , the sales girl , the assistant . '' 
 when i said it , the thought sparked into a flame . 
 `` the assistant . 
 kate , was emily arrested ? '' 
 kate reached for the paper again , her finger running down the list of names . 
 shaking her head , she said , `` no . 
 there 's no one on this list with that name . '' 
 lowering the paper she asked , `` maybe she pled out ? '' 
 i shook my head , `` no , the cop in the suit-the police chief-said that they would make examples of anyone who did n't cooperate . 
 he said they could n't sweep this under the rug and deal with it quietly because the press already latched on . 
 that 's why jack and i , and everyone else , were all arrested publically . 
 he made a big deal about the public part . 
 if emily was implicated , her name would be on that list . '' 
 kate dropped the paper , turning toward me on her seat , `` so what are you thinking ? '' 
 `` i 'm thinking that everyone has been keeping an eye on the wrong girl . '' 
 chapter thirty-five after some research a la google , i found that emily was still on long island . 
 she did n't have a husband , well , not one that was living , and she did n't move . 
 `` well , strike one against emily , '' kate said , reading the screen over my shoulder . 
 `` her husband died a while ago too . 
 even if she deluded herself , twenty years is a long time to keep the facade up . '' 
 she glanced down at me , `` so what are you thinking ? '' 
 staring at the screen , i shrugged , `` i have no idea . 
 she seemed nice . '' 
 i turned to kate , draping my arm over the back of the chair , `` she was there the first day i assisted jack . 
 thinking about it , she seemed protective of him . 
 she told me how important it was to keep an eye on jack . 
 that one word could bring his career crashing down . '' 
 `` so ? 
 that does n't mean she 's the evil bitch that orchestrated this whole thing . 
 what she said was true . 
 everyone in the art world knows jonathan gray and his erotic paintings . 
 the thing that made them worth millions was his reputation . 
 he was abstinent for so long that people thought he was gay . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 my eyes flew open . 
 it felt like my eyeballs were going to roll out of my head . 
 kate did n't seem to realize what she said . 
 shrugging , she answered , `` everybody knows that , abby . 
 jack did n't date anyone , which is why people were suspicious of him . 
 he had very few relationships over the years . 
 we were chomping at the bit , waiting for him to get caught with his pants down . 
 no one is that good . '' 
 i stared blankly ahead . 
 as she spoke , jack 's paintings appeared in my mind , one by one . 
 the longing , the loneliness , the haunted sensation of being lost . 
 i rubbed my hands over my eyes , `` kate . 
 his paintings ... it 's all in his paintings . 
 he 's really been alone all this time ? 
 he said he had a relationship with belinda , though . '' 
 kate shrugged , `` it was n't long enough for the press to pick up on it . 
 abby , we 're getting off track . 
 i realize this probably looks very romantic to you , but it 's a feeding frenzy for the press . 
 that 's why they sunk their teeth into him-he 's different , damaged , and the perfect way to boost ratings . 
 they 'll run with this till doomsday if he goes to trial . 
 if you sign those papers , phil can plead him out . '' 
 `` where 'd you hear that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 phil did n't say that while he was here . 
 `` the tv . 
 abby , the longer you hold out , the worse this gets . 
 he told you to sign . 
 are you seriously going to keep this going ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm not . '' 
 turning back to the computer , i hit print . 
 emily 's address and phone number were on a sheet of paper within seconds . 
 `` i 'm going to check this out . 
 call phil for me ? 
 tell him i 'll drop the papers by later tonight . '' 
 chapter thirty-six kate thought i was insane , and told me so , but i had a feeling about this . 
 emily was n't just an old lady . 
 she lied like a sociopath . 
 there was n't a trace of remorse or an indication of anything when she spoke to me . 
 she felt like the awesome aunt i never had . 
 i looked at the address and then up at emily 's front door . 
 she lived in a little cape , cute as a button , on a street in cutchogue . 
 stepping out of the car , i grabbed my purse and slid my iphone into the plastic holder on my jeans . 
 it was bulky and messed with the outfit , but i did n't want the phone in my purse . 
 before i knocked on the door , it swung open , `` abby , honey ! '' 
 she smiled widely , gesturing me inside . 
 `` come on in . 
 it 's so nice to see you . '' 
 `` it 's nice to see you too , emily . '' 
 her house looked picture perfect . 
 it was classic old lady , doilies and all . 
 `` i thought you were moving ? 
 i was so glad when i realized that you were still here . '' 
 i tried to sound sweet , and was n't sure how i was doing . 
 i was a horrible liar . 
 she nodded , and i followed her into the living room . 
 `` well , you know men . 
 they say one thing , then do another . '' 
 she turned suddenly , her fingers on her lips like she said something she should n't have . 
 `` i 'm sorry , dear . 
 that was thoughtless of me . '' 
 i shrugged it off , although the comment instantly made me think i was on the right trail since she was referring to husband again like he was alive and currently making decisions . 
 a cold chill ran through me . 
 i really hoped she was n't the norman bates type of crazy . 
 `` it 's all right . 
 there is n't much you can say that would upset me these days . 
 the press has been horrible . '' 
 we sat at her oak table . 
 she handed me a doily placemat . 
 `` how about some tea , dear ? '' 
 i nodded , `` thank you very much . '' 
 as she started the kettle and grabbed two ancient tea cups , she asked , `` so , what brings you up here ? '' 
 distracted , i noticed a painting on the wall . 
 it was small , but it was clearly one of jack 's . 
 `` i was hoping to speak to you about jack , but emily , '' she turned hearing the question in my voice , following my finger pointing at the painting , `` is that one of jack 's ? '' 
 she laughed , nodding like a crazy old coot . 
 `` yes , an early finger painting . 
 nothing more . 
 not worth anything . 
 it 's just a memento he gave me before i left . '' 
 the painting was in a gold gilded frame . 
 i was n't an art connoisseur , but i knew better than to think it was worthless , even now . 
 she added , `` nothing like the painting he made of you , or so i hear . '' 
 she placed a tea cup in front of me . 
 i picked up the bag and dipped it into the cup , watching the tea snake through the steaming water . 
 i blushed slightly , `` oh , that . 
 it 's nothing . 
 he 's made so many paintings . 
 i do n't see how that one would matter . '' 
 i glanced at her out of the corner of my eye . 
 did she suspect me ? 
 or did she think i was the innocent idiot the news made me out to be ? 
 `` oh , honey ! '' 
 she laughed , touching my hand . 
 `` jack 's paintings are all monochromatic , did n't you notice ? '' 
 i shook my head like a moron . 
 duh , abby no notice nothing . 
 wide-eyed , i looked at her over the top of my cup as i took a sip . 
 i briefly wondered if she was crazy enough to poison me , but since she was drinking it too , i thought the tea was okay . 
 `` well , that one is different . 
 it 's the last in his collection , the only one in color , and the only one that feels-hopeful . 
 one day that 'll fetch a pretty penny . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 i asked , shocked that she seemed to know anything . 
 she rambled on like kate , and the only reason kate knew stuff was because of her connection to moma . 
 `` but the scandal . 
 you really think it 's still worth something ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` just between us girls , not in this lifetime . 
 even if jack clears his name , which would be a miracle , his reputation will remain damaged . 
 people do n't forget things like this . '' 
 `` no , they do n't . '' 
 sipping my tea , i thought fast , or i tried to think fast . 
 my brain felt like it was submerged in cement that was rapidly drying . 
 something was wrong here . 
 doilies , crazy old bat , jack 's painting , knowledge of art ... i could n't put my finger on it . 
 `` i 'm so sorry that this affected you too . 
 jack can be quite the charmer . 
 i had no idea he was capable of something like this . '' 
 her shrewd eyes were on me . 
 this was a test . 
 i could feel it . 
 i played the too-innocent-to-be-alive card , `` neither did i . 
 that 's why i came out here . 
 i wanted to ask you what i should do . 
 they told me i can sign something that will damn jack , but it 'll get me off . 
 i do n't really have anyone to talk about this with . '' 
 emily watched me carefully . 
 i threw in , `` i really need someone to bounce things off of-someone who 'd understand-someone who knows jack . '' 
 i put my cup down and buried my face in my hands . 
 i was so going to hell . 
 real tears streamed down my face . 
 when emily patted my shoulder , i glanced at her . 
 she seemed to make up her mind . 
 `` oh , you are the most foolish girl i 've ever met . 
 no wonder your mother 's dead . 
 she probably wanted to get away from you . '' 
 her sweet old lady facade splintered as she spoke , more venom spewing from between the cracks as she talked . 
 my jaw dropped as more tears lined my face , `` how can you say that ? '' 
 my voice became thin and shrill . 
 emily stood , and ripped my cup out of my hands . 
 `` if you have half a brain , do as i tell you . 
 i know you 're screwed and i feel kind of guilty for taking down a minister . 
 i thought you 'd fold first , not be the last moron standing . '' 
 she yanked my chair out from under me , shoving me toward the door while she spoke . 
 `` settle . 
 sign the damn papers . 
 then when jack 's things are put up for auction , go get one . 
 this is my good deed for the day . '' 
 she stopped me in front of the screen door , talking to me like i 'd taken too many shots to the head . 
 hands on my shoulders she said , `` get yourself a few hundred dollars and buy a painting . 
 that 's all they 'll be worth at the auction . 
 then hold onto it . 
 people have short memories , and jack 's work defines a new movement in art . 
 his pieces were the first in the post-modern evokism movement . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i gasped , jaw open . 
 i was n't playing dumb , anymore . 
 i had no idea what she was talking about . 
 she shook me once , hard . 
 `` if you 're too stupid to follow my directions , you deserve what you get . 
 it 's called darwinism , abby-or did they fail to teach you that concept at seminary . 
 now pay attention . 
 jack 's name is mud , but in a few years it wo n't be , and his paintings will be in limited supply and high demand . 
 sell it then . 
 pay off your loans and go find some happy farmer to marry you . '' 
 she tried to push me through the screen door , but i dug my heels in . 
 `` why did you do this to him ? 
 he trusted you . 
 he thought of you like his mother ! 
 and you used everything you saw against him . 
 how could you ? '' 
 a wicked smile spread across her lips , `` because i could . 
 jack did n't watch his back . 
 it was his own damn fault . 
 all those models were all too happy to comply after their arrests . 
 jack 's auction will look like a group of misfits bidding on his crap so they can destroy it . 
 and i hope to god that they do . 
 that will make the paintings i have worth more . 
 and we all know , money talks , darling . 
 so do yourself a favor , and remember what i told you . '' 
 she shoved me through the screen door . 
 tripping over the threshold , i yelled , `` i 'll tell the cops what you did ! 
 that you set jack up . '' 
 i was seething . 
 i spit the words between my teeth at her , my hands balled into fists at my sides . 
 she destroyed jack . 
 she nearly destroyed me . 
 she laughed , `` hollow threats from a hooker . 
 no one will believe you , girl . 
 it 'll just keep jack 's name in the paper longer , and make it that much harder for him . 
 if you want to know the truth , this was fun . 
 much better than i thought it 'd be , '' she laughed clasping her hands together . 
 `` for years i looked for dirt on jack , but there was nothing . 
 i could n't get a thing on him . 
 that bitch belinda was the skeleton in his closet and i kept dragging her out , hoping he 'd do something . 
 but then you came along and i did n't have to . 
 you 're charming naivety worked perfectly . 
 all those things jack vowed to never do , he did with you . 
 it was easy to tip off the press , report a prostitution ring to the cops after that . '' 
 `` there is no prostitution ring ! '' 
 i yelled stamping my foot like a child on her front lawn . 
 it was undignified , but i did n't care at this point . 
 spill your guts emily ! 
 my stompy feet only made her laugh harder . 
 `` of course not ! 
 there never was a prostitute at jack 's studio . 
 the best lies are laced with truth my dear , saying the things that people want to hear . 
 thank you for your assistance . 
 now , get off of my lawn before i shoot you . '' 
 she slammed the door with a loud bang . 
 the floral heart wreath swayed and fell , wedged between the door and the screen . 
 chapter thirty-seven my heart was pounding in my chest . 
 i went straight from emily 's to phil 's office . 
 i barely got there before 5:00 pm . 
 the secretary rolled her eyes at me . 
 it made me certain why emily spilled her guts . 
 she thought no one would believe me and she was right . 
 i could have repeated the entire conversation , and i was n't sure if kate would believe me . 
 not with the way things happened . 
 not with the way the news painted me as some too-simple-minded-to-be-alive type of person . 
 i was still wearing jeans and a tank top , my hair in a messy ponytail , not a stich of make-up on my face . 
 `` mr. green will see you now , '' the receptionist led me to a door . 
 i was polite , even though part of me wanted to kick her . 
 phil sat at one end of the table . 
 `` miss tyndale , finally , you 've come to your senses . '' 
 i shrugged , and produced the manila envelope , placing it on the table . 
 `` i did . 
 he used me . 
 i get it . 
 fine . 
 tell him to take this and f ** k off . 
 his angel has fallen . '' 
 pushing the envelope hard , i sent it sliding toward phil . 
 he caught it with his hand . 
 the first thing he noticed was the bulge on top . 
 something was inside , and it was n't just paper . 
 phil looked at me , `` what 's this ? '' 
 he looked at jack 's iphone and pulled out the papers under it . 
 cocking his head , he sighed , `` these are n't signed . 
 abby ... '' `` they do n't need to be , phil . 
 listen to the recording on that phone . 
 and if i were you , i 'd do it right now . '' 
 a sadistic smile spread across my lips . 
 emily deserved what she had coming . 
 the fierce abby , the girl i kept locked in a box , was proud . 
 i turned on my heel as phil started the conversation . 
 __________ kate appeared in my doorway . 
 `` you saved him , abby . 
 it 's all over the news . 
 that old bitch was arrested , and jack 's name was cleared . 
 way to work the system . 
 everyone thought you were too innocent to do something like that . 
 what 'd you do , press record and just go knock on her door ? '' 
 nodding , i said , `` something like that . 
 she planned jack 's destruction down to the letter . 
 she did n't care what happened to everyone else . 
 i 'm not going to feel guilty about it . 
 she deserves what she gets . '' 
 grabbing my coat , i slid it over my shoulders . 
 `` ah , but you do care . 
 do n't you ? 
 and that 's why you 're running . 
 you ca n't face jack . '' 
 `` jack 's destroyed , '' i said , wandering around the room . 
 `` he 'll keep me around out of pity , and i do n't want that . 
 out of sight , out of mind . '' 
 i stood there , staring at her . 
 `` you 're lying to yourself now ? '' 
 she asked , arms folded over her chest . 
 `` i have to go , kate . '' 
 i pushed past her , bags in my hands . 
 `` thank you for putting up with me , but i ca n't leech off of you anymore . '' 
 walking down the hall , i came to an abrupt stop . 
 there was a large package sitting in front of the door . 
 i 'd spent the entire day hiding in my room after i got back from phil 's . 
 i packed as fast as possible , but it still took several hours . 
 eventually kate noticed , but she failed to mention this . 
 my heart was in my throat . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 kate stepped around me , tapping the crate , `` something from jonathan gray , to abby tyndale . '' 
 she watched me for a second , standing frozen , not knowing what to do . 
 part of me wanted to open it , part of me wanted to run . 
 `` at least look at it , abby . '' 
 look at it ? 
 look and see what jack sent me ? 
 i wondered if i could do it . 
 it felt like there was no air in the room . 
 i pressed my lips together wondering if it was what i thought it was . 
 dropping my bags , i walked to the crate . 
 kate produced pliers and we pulled it apart . 
 inside was a massive rolled canvas . 
 i glanced at her , but she was already moving , pushing furniture back to make room for it . 
 i placed the canvas on the floor gently , like it was a baby . 
 my heart pounded in my chest , threatening to crack my ribs . 
 i pushed the canvas and it unrolled . 
 shoulders rigid , i stood there shocked , staring . 
 kate gazed over my shoulder , her jaw dropped , `` abby , '' she gasped . 
 `` this is exquisite ... it exceeds all his other works combined . '' 
 she sounded giddy , but i stood there frozen . 
 staring . 
 staring at something that might have been , something lost , like a once upon a time story without an ending . 
 i could n't breathe . 
 kate looked more closely at it , examining the vivid blue and orange brush strokes . 
 when the painting was created jack said he would n't show my face , but there was a perfect likeness of me , soft and sensual , staring back . 
 everything about it was perfect . 
 my chest constricted . 
 i felt like i could n't breathe . 
 leaving my bags in the hall , i ran outside . 
 the press was gone . 
 it was just a dark street lined with cars . 
 kate followed me half a beat later . 
 `` what 's wrong with you ? 
 abby , talk to me ! '' 
 she grabbed my arm , turning me back toward her . 
 the sky had finally stopped dropping buckets of rain , but the streets were still damp . 
 they shone like ink . 
 `` i ca n't look at it , kate . 
 get rid of it . 
 please , '' i begged her . 
 she looked at me like i was nuts , but nodded . 
 `` it 's painful ... send it back . '' 
 kate pulled me back inside . 
 jack had never called me . 
 he never followed up to say thank you for exposing the heinous witch that tried to send me to jail . 
 he never took back his last words to me . 
 he continued to let me think everything we shared was a lie , and the painting reminded me of that . 
 of him . 
 i could n't stand it . 
 it felt like i was going to crawl out of my skin . 
 kate seemed to understand . 
 she rolled up the goddess version of me and shoved it back in the crate . 
 taking off the return slip , she turned to me , `` uh , abby . 
 this ca n't be returned ... '' i sat in a chair , trying to avoid looking at the offending painting until it was out of sight , `` why not ? '' 
 `` there 's a certificate that says the painting is yours . 
 you 're the owner . 
 you 're supposed to file this slip of the estimated value with your insurance company . '' 
 she held up a piece of paper . 
 i held out my hand , `` let me see that . '' 
 kate slid the slip between my fingers . 
 it said abby tyndale was the owner of awakening by jonathan gray , est. value $ 270,000 . 
 i clutched the slip to my chest , like it would revive me if i died . 
 why was he doing this to me ? 
 kate sputtered , `` is n't that what you owe on your loans ? '' 
 i nodded , crumpling the ball in my fist . 
 `` hey ! 
 hey ! '' 
 kate ran over and pulled the wrinkled paper from my hands before i shredded it . 
 `` abby , you need that . 
 take the painting to southerby 's or another auction house and get rid of it if you do n't want it-but do n't throw it away . '' 
 i glanced up at her , `` you have that i 'm - gonna-shred-stuff look in your eye . '' 
 `` i wo n't shred it , '' i slumped back in my chair . 
 `` call them . 
 sell it . 
 i 'm staying until it 's gone . '' 
 walking back to the hall , i grabbed my bags and tossed them on my bed . 
 i could hear kate 's voice as she called the right people in the right places . 
 chapter thirty-eight a week passed while i waited . 
 jack fell off the face of the earth . 
 there was no mention of him in the press . 
 he was just gone like i would be at the end of the week . 
 the auction was saturday night . 
 apparently i was lucky and made it just in time to include my painting in with some other big name artists , however jonathan gray would have been the biggest name before his scandal . 
 kate explained , `` it might not sell for much , abby . 
 it 's still very close to the scandal , but they also said there is the small possibility that it 'll sell for more than the estimate . 
 pre-scandal , it would have sold for millions , but now ... they just do n't know . '' 
 leaning over the kitchen table , i reached for the sugar , dumping a bunch of it into my coffee . 
 i shrugged , `` i do n't care what it sells for . 
 i just want it gone . '' 
 she nodded , `` i understand . 
 i just wanted you to know that it might not solve all your problems . 
 the loans may still be there after this , and if they are-you can stay with me , abby . 
 you do n't have to leave . '' 
 i smiled at her , mixing my drink , `` thanks , kate . 
 i really liked having you around , but everywhere i go-i 'm afraid i 'll see him . 
 i need some space . 
 i need the peace of mind that comes with distance . 
 i wish you could come with me , but i know your life is here . 
 maybe you can visit once in a while ? '' 
 she smiled sadly , `` i 'd like that . 
 better go get dressed . '' 
 i scoffed , `` why do we have to get dressed up ? '' 
 `` because the media will be there and you need to look like a million bucks . 
 wearing a burlap sack wo n't mesh with the girl in the painting . 
 go . 
 take the little black dress i put on your bed . 
 there 's a pair of heels with it . 
 make yourself look like holly in breakfast at tiffany 's . '' 
 she took my coffee and shoved me out of the kitchen . 
 chapter thirty-nine when we arrived at the auction house there was a lot of buzz and hushed whispers . 
 emily 's claims about jack 's work being the first in a post-modern movement of sensual art were true . 
 since then people debated it on talk shows and it kept coming up in the news . 
 add to the fact that this was his last painting before the scandal , and that it was different than his other works , and people wanted to attend just to see the famous ` scandal painting , ' as they called it . 
 kate and i wandered around backstage , looking at items , waiting quietly for them to present my painting . 
 when i 'd first seen it that night , my heart sank . 
 it was so beautiful . 
 the auction house had it stretched and framed . 
 the canvas looked perfect-completely perfect . 
 a golden frame , thick and ornate surrounded the painting . 
 awakening was right . 
 that was the perfect title for this piece . 
 it was the day i realized there was more to me than a timid minister , floundering through life . 
 i just wished that i 'd learned the lesson in a less painful way . 
 i was smoothing my black dress , when kate pulled me to the wing to watch the auction . 
 the auctioneer said , `` this is lot number 324 , the awakening by jonathan gray . 
 it is the last painting created prior to the scandal , and is also known as the scandal . 
 it is the only piece of work by gray that is in full color with vibrant hues . 
 let the bidding begin . '' 
 kate 's hand clutched my arm as the bidding quickly soared over $ 1,000 . 
 `` this is good , '' she whispered in my ear , `` they were afraid no one would bid , but with this much activity , you might be able to pay off your loans . '' 
 she squeezed my arm tightly , practically jumping up and down . 
 the bids swiftly soared over $ 100,000 , still climbing wildly . 
 paddles flew into the air , one after the other , each person wanting to claim a piece of the scandalous jonathan gray . 
 moments later the bids passed $ 300,000 and kate and i watched in horrified silence , wondering how high it would go . 
 there were still multiple bidders driving the price higher and higher . 
 the way the lights displayed the artwork , it was difficult to tell who was bidding . 
 there was an elderly couple in the front row . 
 every time the bid climbed higher , she would tug her husband 's arm and his paddle would fly up . 
 she clearly wanted the painting . 
 but there were others too . 
 people i could n't see , concealed in shadows at the back of the room . 
 my stomach flipped in my chest as the price flew up . 
 the auctioneer was saying , `` a million two . 
 a million four . 
 a million six . '' 
 after every increase he pointed at someone . 
 he was speaking so fast that i could barely understand him . 
 my eyes had grown large and i was certain i 'd stopped breathing , when the auctioneer said , `` two million eight . 
 going once , going twice ... '' a voice rang out , `` seven million two . '' 
 kate glanced at me , her eyes wide like big green dinner plates . 
 the auctioneer seemed startled , but continued , `` seven two going once , twice . 
 sold to the gentleman for seven million two . 
 please step forward . '' 
 gasps followed as the man from the back of the room walked toward the stage . 
 murmuring came in cascades , but i already knew who it was . 
 jack gray took long confident strides toward the auctioneer . 
 several people snapped his picture , as he neared the stage . 
 i stood frozen in the wing , kate at my side . 
 she whispered in my ear , `` i think he just spent his entire fortune on a painting of you . '' 
 eyes wide , i could n't even nod . 
 i could n't breathe . 
 when jack stood in front of the painting , he beamed . 
 his black tux hugged his body perfectly , showcasing every beautiful angle . 
 he posed for a moment before the painting . 
 the press called for me , and i felt kate 's hand on my back pushing me forward . 
 jack stood on one side of the painting , looking dashingly perfect as i blinked like a deer in the headlights . 
 did he really spend his entire fortune on this painting ? 
 could he do that ? 
 i glanced at him , and his expression softened . 
 sadness haunted his eyes like it had when i first came back . 
 he nodded , `` miss tyndale . '' 
 i ignored his formality . 
 eyes wide , in shock , i asked , `` why ? 
 why would you spend every penny you had on this ? '' 
 my voice made it sound like the canvas was just a pile of paint , nothing special at all , but jack thought otherwise . 
 `` some things are worth it . 
 sometimes i freeze , abby . 
 i do n't do what i should . 
 i let precious things slip between my fingers . '' 
 the room was so silent that the only sound i could hear was my heart pounding in my ears . 
 he was speaking of our past , of that kiss that almost happened all those years ago . 
 he was talking about the past few weeks , how he pushed me away , growing increasingly colder . 
 he froze me , utterly chilled my soul , and made me think i was completely wrong about him . 
 but this made no sense . 
 the longing in his eyes , the emptiness that was so visible , made me freeze in place . 
 my knees were stiff , my legs glued to the floor . 
 they felt like they were made of iron and would not bend or move , no matter how much my mind screamed to run and never look back . 
 `` i lost everything , and it was my own damn fault . 
 i thought i was helping you , but i was n't . 
 i should have seen it . 
 i should have known , '' he shook his head . 
 his jaw was tight , his eyes filled with regret , `` if this is the closest i 'll ever get to you again , it was worth it . 
 every penny . '' 
 blinking , i stared at him , pulse pounding in my head . 
 `` say something , abby . '' 
 silence passed . 
 it felt like hours , but it was only a matter of moments . 
 finally i shook my head , pressing my lips into a thin line , i said , `` i have nothing to say , jack . '' 
 he pressed his eyes closed , defeated . 
 slowly , he started to turn from me . 
 reaching for him , he stopped , blue eyes meeting mine with a soft worried expression on his face , pain in his eyes . 
 stepping toward him , i took his face between my hands . 
 our eyes locked . 
 my body tingled as i touched him , as he gazed at me with those eyes . 
 our faces moved together , our lips nearly touching , but this time i did n't stop . 
 i did n't wait for jack . 
 i knew what i wanted and i took it . 
 my lips pressed against his lightly at first . 
 jack 's shock quickly faded as he threw his arms around me , pulling me tightly against his chest . 
 an array of flashes went off as people erupted into chatter . 
 chapter forty several weeks later kate walked down the aisle ahead of me in a plum colored bridesmaid dress with a mammoth bow on her butt and a matching monstrosity on the top of her head . 
 she wore it with grace , as she floated down the aisle of the little clapboard church . 
 i peeked between the doors , watching , my heart fluttering in my chest . 
 i was wearing an ivory gown adorned with white pearls and lace . 
 it flowed around me like petals on a flower . 
 the bodice hugged me tightly , and laced up in the back . 
 fabric draped across my shoulders and hundreds of tiny white flowers were woven into my hair . 
 leaning back , the wedding planner fanned my train . 
 `` ready , abby ? '' 
 i nodded , beaming at her . 
 the two whitewashed wooden doors slowly opened in front of me as i walked down the aisle to the wedding march . 
 it took every ounce of restraint not to run . 
 the look on jack 's face was a combination of awe and lust . 
 my heart raced faster and i was certain i walked too fast , nearly kicking the photographer out of the way . 
 smiling broadly , we said our vows , hand in hand . 
 the minister said , `` i now present you with mr. and mrs. gray . '' 
 jack and i ran down the aisle and outside to where a car waited to take us away . 
 we grinned , running though the paparazzi , not minding their presence . 
 they repaired jack 's career as fast as they destroyed it over the past few weeks . 
 the auction transferred jack 's entire fortune to me , demonstrating to the world how much he adored me . 
 since then , the stories came up over and over again-they could n't believe that they missed it . 
 all those years they spent looking for dirt on jack were wasted , because they saw that the reason for his solitude was that he was madly in love with me . 
 i was the one that got away , and by the time he found me it was too late . 
 i 'd taken my vows and he did n't want to make me fall . 
 stories appeared calling us the star-crossed lovers that we were . 
 i dove into the car first , my lacy dress flowing around my ankles . 
 jack followed , laughing , falling into me . 
 his tuxedo fit him perfectly . 
 the dark charcoal gray made his eyes seem impossibly blue . 
 giggling , i helped him up , loving the feeling of his hands on my body . 
 as the driver pulled away , jack leaned in close . 
 blue eyes burning , a wicked smile spread across his lips , `` i have an idea for a wedding portrait , mrs. gray . '' 
 he kissed my neck , and i melted in his arms . 
