 prologue it was official . 
 she was on the date from hell . 
 kate seymour reached for her wine , forced a bright smile , and tried very hard not to stare at the lump of cheese hanging from her companion 's chin . 
 okay , so he was a bit socially awkward . 
 still did n't make it right not to notice chicken parm was stuck on his face . 
 she patted her chin in a silent plea for him to grab his napkin . 
 signals were the universal gesture women used when toilet paper was stuck to their shoe or a price tag was hanging from their skirt , but this guy had n't gotten the memo . 
 he kept talking about his marketing business , which was kind of interesting , but how could she focus when she stared at a lump of mozzarella ? 
 `` umm , bradley ? 
 you 've got something , umm , r-r-r-right there on your - '' he swiped at it bare-handed like a bear grabbing a fish , and the cheese fell onto the plate . 
 `` thanks . 
 so , i 'm really glad we finally got to do this in person . 
 i enjoyed talking with you over the phone . '' 
 suddenly not hungry anymore , kate pushed the last of her salmon around the plate and nodded . 
 `` me , too . 
 being a business owner , i 'm always fascinated by pr and the best ways to brand . 
 what type of s-s-s-services do you offer at your company ? '' 
 stupid stutter . 
 it always slipped out when she was nervous about making a good impression . 
 not that her date seemed to care about her thoughtful question . 
 in fact , he seemed more interested in the busboy , giving him a bright smile and respectful silence when he swooped in to clean up the mess at the table . 
 bradley plowed through the spaghetti and sucked the loopy strands through his teeth with a hiss . 
 when he finally managed to swallow , he looked up . 
 an odd expression crossed his face . 
 `` well , i 'm not exactly employed in that department . 
 i will be soon , though , and i know more than most of the employees . '' 
 huh . 
 he 'd insinuated that he ran an entire department . 
 odd . 
 `` your title is social relations , right ? 
 what department is that ? '' 
 `` doorman . '' 
 kate blinked . 
 `` oh . 
 wow , i bet you meet a lot of interesting people . '' 
 sauce stained his lips . 
 she kept her gaze focused slightly to the left . 
 `` yes , i figured i 'd start off with an entry-level position and make my way up the ladder . '' 
 this could still work . 
 she admired ambition in a man . 
 sure , he had kind of stretched the truth about his job , but maybe he was embarrassed to tell her over the phone . 
 not that she judged : kate could n't care less what title a man bore as long as he liked his work . 
 even his looks were n't bad , more the average joe , which she courted . 
 short dark hair , brown eyes , round face . 
 a bit overweight but nothing out of the ordinary in a world filled with fast food and instant gratification . 
 kate despised the charming , good-looking types who looked at women only as a way to serve their egos . 
 `` smart . 
 you went to nyu , right ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i graduated from there , too , in business management . 
 what did you study ? '' 
 `` i took a class there once . 
 did n't get to finish , since i had to go take care of my mom . '' 
 instant sympathy and hope flickered . 
 a man who respected family was key to a good match . 
 `` i 'm sorry , is she ill ? '' 
 crumbs of italian bread clung to the edge of his mouth . 
 yes , eating with him would be a chore , but a man who helped his mother must have a heart of gold . 
 `` she 's got arthritis . 
 told her i 'd move in and help her out . '' 
 why did there seem to be more to the story ? 
 `` does she have trouble moving around ? 
 i 've heard of severe conditions that can be very painful . '' 
 bradley paused to slurp his water , which added to the entire meal he now wore on his face . 
 `` her fingers hurt sometimes , so i can help her open jars and stuff . 
 i keep her company , and she cooks and cleans for me . 
 it works out pretty well . '' 
 the titanic had nothing on this date , but she fought off the iceberg like a woman clinging to survival . 
 kate desperately needed bradley to be the one . 
 one hundred was a lucky number , was n't it ? 
 one hundred dates spoke of patience . 
 she 'd waited , invested her time wisely , and believed in the process . 
 as the successful owner of kinnections matchmaking agency , she lived and breathed her business . 
 she believed , dammit . 
 and it was getting a little weird for the owner to still be single with no prospect in sight . 
 she flexed her fingers and fought the impulse to touch him . 
 if there was even a slight tingle of connection , she 'd deal with the job and his mother . 
 her gift of sensing strong energy between two people meant to be together was also a curse . 
 how many times had she gotten an electrical shock from a couple who were soul mates ? 
 how many men had she surrendered to other women because she realized her date belonged with the waitress or customer service representative or store clerk ? 
 it served her well as a matchmaker but was pure hell on her personal life . 
 the touch ran through the generations of women in her family , but none had decided to use it for business . 
 still , she preferred using science and skill to make her matches in kinnections , and tried hard not to let the touch interfere with her main business plan . 
 it was more of a way to confirm they had made the right match once a couple got serious . 
 not that she was ready to tell bradley or anyone else about her secret weapon . 
 she studied him from across the table and refused to lose hope . 
 bradley was meant to be hers , but she was n't ready to put her hands on him to confirm . 
 the waitress glided over and placed the check discreetly in the middle of the table . 
 kate held her breath , knowing this was the ultimate test . 
 a man who paid for dinner on the first date had values . 
 it was a make-or-break moment . 
 anticipation cut through her , and she held her breath . 
 bradley reached over and grabbed the bill . 
 giddiness spilled through her . 
 finally . 
 she had n't been wrong . 
 sure , rough patches needed to be worked out , but kate believed . 
 bradley scanned the bill and whipped out a pocket calculator . 
 heart sinking , she watched his fingers fly across the keys . 
 `` okay , since it 's not even , i 'll take the higher portion . 
 you owe $ 43.00 even and i 'll pay $ 44.63 . 
 that 's with a fifteen percent tip . 
 is that acceptable ? '' 
 kate stared as her dream of a soul mate withered as fast as the wicked witch 's body , but she did n't get any cool ruby shoes left in the process . 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` great . 
 cash or credit ? '' 
 she reached into her coach purse and pulled out her visa . 
 `` here you go . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 the busboy stopped at their table . 
 `` are you done , sir ? 
 miss ? '' 
 bradley nodded , his gaze fixated on the young man 's broad chest and muscled shoulders filling out his smart red and black uniform . 
 panic fluttered in her belly as the air charged around her . 
 no . 
 not possible . 
 but she had to know . 
 the busboy reached for the plate , giving her date a sidelong seductive glance . 
 kate dragged in a breath and brushed his hand with her arm at the same time her fingers touched her date 's . 
 a tiny shock shivered across her flesh and vibrated through her body . 
 bradley smiled at the busboy , his face carved out with pure want . 
 ah , crap . 
 it was over . 
 she fought a sigh and surrendered number one hundred . 
 `` bradley , i 'll be right back . 
 i need to go to the ladies ' room . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 she grabbed her purse and ducked down the hallway . 
 after a few minutes , the busboy walked past and she reached out to touch his arm . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` yes , ma'am ? '' 
 she glanced at his name tag . 
 `` gabe , i 'm sorry , but i wonder if you can relay a message to my date ? 
 i 'm not feeling well and need to leave . 
 i 'm sure he 'd love to stay if possible . 
 would you be willing to buy him a drink on your break ? '' 
 gabe 's face reddened . 
 `` are n't you together ? '' 
 kate smiled . 
 `` no , i 'm not his type . 
 i 'm sure if you offered , he 'd be interested . '' 
 recognition sparked in his dark eyes , and he nodded . 
 `` i 'd be interested . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 good luck . 
 i 'm going to slip out the side door . '' 
 she vacated the restaurant , caught between despair for her plight and happiness she had made a match . 
 damn , her gaydar completely sucked . 
 the march night was brisk and cold in verily , and she breathed in , not wanting to go home yet . 
 the shops stayed open on saturday night , and it was only eight thirty . 
 her high-heeled boots clicked on the pavement as she walked , enjoying the artsy hudson river town that boasted a variety of stores and cafes with an edgy , funky feel . 
 white lights glittered around the trees that lined the sidewalk , and music spilled from mugs , the popular bar that also served as a nightclub . 
 a full moon hung suspended over the river line , illuminating the tappan zee bridge , which glittered in the distance . 
 she weaved her way through pedestrians with dogs on leashes and giggling groups of college students , and dropped a buck in the pail of the young man playing a guitar and singing about broken hearts . 
 loneliness hit . 
 she was so tired . 
 when was it her turn ? 
 when would she finally find the connection for herself ? 
 unless ... she never found it . 
 bruised from the consistent disappointments , she wondered if maybe giving up on the dream of finding her match would serve her better . 
 maybe , just maybe , there was n't a man or woman meant for everyone . 
 maybe , just maybe , she was meant to be alone . 
 she fought the sudden urge to cry and wallow in a self-pity party . 
 she was done . 
 if she went on one more disappointing date , she did n't think she 'd recover . 
 the hell with love . 
 she 'd buy a new book , go home to robert , and snuggle under a blanket . 
 kate paused in front of the used-book store . 
 time for a change . 
 no more dating . 
 no more chasing love . 
 she 'd concentrate on her business , her friends , and doing things that made her happy . 
 with her head up and her new resolution firm , she stepped inside , and the bell tinkled . 
 scents swarmed around her in wonderful familiarity . 
 leather . 
 paper . 
 mothballs . 
 perfection . 
 she crossed the worn carpet and stopped in front of the marked and battered front desk . 
 `` got anything for me , hector ? '' 
 the boy behind the counter was reed thin , with a smattering of pimples and spiked purple hair . 
 hector shook his head with a grin . 
 `` been waiting for you , kate . 
 i 'm holding a new box of used books in the back . 
 i had no time to sort them yet , so you may not find anything . '' 
 she shivered with the lure of the unknown . 
 would she ever get tired of ripping open a new box of books and sifting through the treasures ? 
 `` no worries . 
 i 'll go through them if that 's okay ? '' 
 the teen motioned toward the back of the store . 
 `` help yourself . 
 it 'll save me some work . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 kate walked down the deserted aisle and into the storeroom . 
 the cramped space held an array of boxes , file cabinets , and papers in an extremely unorganized fashion . 
 the new shipment was clearly marked , though , so she pulled it down from the pile and ripped it open with her own hands , rather than with the box cutter . 
 she 'd never be able to keep a perfect manicure anyway . 
 kate sat cross-legged on the cold concrete floor and pulled them out one by one . 
 romance . 
 biography . 
 some dieting . 
 she kept to the side a few that she wanted to try , then found a great one on love signs that seemed several years out of date . 
 hmm , you never knew what you 'd glean from the eighties . 
 could be helpful . 
 she added it to her growing stack . 
 an interesting book on how males relate to dogs . 
 definitely could n't pass that one up . 
 and then - her fingers closed on a fabric-covered book and she pulled it out . 
 bright violet assaulted her vision . 
 the book of spells . 
 simple title . 
 small , square , not a novel but more of a how-to book ? 
 she cracked the binding a bit and glanced through the first page . 
 a low hum vibrated to the tips of her fingers . 
 her belly wobbled , as if she 'd just seen a hot male prospect rather than a simple book . 
 the hum grew stronger as she flipped through , making notes of an ancient love spell and a chant to earth mother . 
 fascinating . 
 she 'd never seen anything like it ; there was n't even an author noted . 
 how was that possible ? 
 definitely a keeper . 
 maybe something fun for her clientele . 
 kate dropped the book on her pile . 
 a crackle of electricity shot through her body like a wet plug in an outlet . 
 she yelped and yanked back , staring at the purple cover . 
 what the hell was that ? 
 maybe the fabric gave some type of shock . 
 but damn , that hurt . 
 `` need any help back there ? '' 
 hector 's voice echoed through the store . 
 shaking her head , she pushed to her feet and set the box back . 
 careful not to touch the purple book , she scooped up her treasure pile and made her way out of the storeroom . 
 `` got everything i need . 
 hector , i took six books . 
 charge it to my account , please ! '' 
 `` you got it . 
 have a good one . '' 
 feeling a bit better over her new purchases , kate headed toward her car and the typical saturday night with her books and her dog . 
 good-bye , number one hundred . 
 that date belonged in the record book of disasters . 
 it was going to be a long time before she had the stamina to even think about one hundred and one . 
 chapter one i 'm moving out . '' 
 slade watched his sister drag her oversized floral pieces of luggage down the hallway and drop them at the front door . 
 a strange panic roared through his system , but he stood frozen in the foyer , watching the scene unfold . 
 hell , no . 
 she was n't ready to go anywhere on her own yet , but somehow he needed to convince her without looking like a crazed control-freak brother . 
 he kept his voice gentle and firm . 
 `` jane , i do n't think it 's a good idea . 
 i know you want a place of your own , but i do n't think you 're ready . 
 besides , i 'll get lonely by myself . 
 give it some time , and i 'll help you find an apartment . '' 
 jane turned fast , hands on hips , that furious female scowl he knew well . 
 bottom line , he 'd screwed up his words again . 
 `` first off , give me a little credit . 
 i 'm ready . 
 i appreciate you letting me live here , but i should 've moved out a year ago . 
 and the only reason you 're lonely is your refusal to stay with a woman past one night . '' 
 slade winced . 
 unfair . 
 he was always discreet when it came to women , not needing his sister to try to bond with any of them , since long-term commitment was doomed from the start . 
 the statistics alone of marriage breakups caused a shudder . 
 she marched into the open living room and headed toward the bookcase to grab a few off the shelves . 
 crap , was that the chew 's new cookbook ? 
 he had n't even looked at the pictures yet . 
 `` be reasonable , jane . 
 you have nowhere to go , and i do n't want you staying at a crappy studio in manhattan . 
 it 'll cost a million dollars and wo n't be safe . 
 are you still upset over your breakup ? 
 we can go slash his tires , get drunk , and watch chick flick movies . 
 that 's what women do , right ? '' 
 jane tipped her head back and laughed . 
 `` god , slade , if i did n't love you so much i 'd murder you . 
 i have a place already . 
 i rented an apartment in verily on the river . 
 i quit my job and lined up a new one at the local community college there . '' 
 the room spun . 
 he stared at his normally shy , logical , steady sister and wondered what she 'd drunk to turn into mr. hyde . 
 `` quit your job ? 
 you were working on tenure ! '' 
 `` and i hated it there . 
 stuffy , pompous , and boring . 
 i hate manhattan , too . 
 it 's crowded and hurts my head most of the time . '' 
 jane dragged in a breath and walked over , stuffing the books into her tote bag . 
 her long jet-black hair sprung into a whirlwind of curls , and her cocoa-brown eyes peered at him sadly from behind thick black glasses . 
 `` i ca n't do this anymore , '' she said . 
 `` i need a fresh start on my own terms . 
 verily is small and quaint , and the college focuses on using creativity in literature . 
 i can grow there . 
 maybe meet a man who wo n't wring me dry and dump me . '' 
 her laugh was totally wry , and slade 's heart squeezed in sheer fear . 
 he could n't let her go . 
 if something happened , it would be his fault . 
 again . 
 at least if she were under his roof , he could easily gauge if she was down-spiraling . 
 slade swung into lawyer mode . 
 being one of the top divorce lawyers in the state had to be good for something other than money . 
 `` i understand you want to be on your own . 
 i agree it 's time , but quitting your job and running off to a town you do n't know is dangerous . 
 i 'll go with you to verily this weekend . 
 i 'll help you look , maybe meet some people there so you 're not alone , and we 'll figure it out together . '' 
 her voice rose to a dangerous level . 
 `` i do n't want to figure it out together ! 
 i want to figure things out myself . 
 oh , for god 's sake , look at this place . '' 
 she flung out her arm and gestured to his expensive loft apartment situated in the coveted location of tribeca . 
 the huge open space was split into two levels with a sleek glass staircase connecting them together . 
 windows lined the walls and overlooked the city of manhattan . 
 pricey art , bamboo floors , edgy glass tables , granite counters , and huge leather recliners completed the look of bachelor in the city . 
 `` what 's wrong with it ? 
 we have plenty of room here . '' 
 `` this is your place ! 
 i have n't had anything for myself in the past three years . 
 i 'm twenty-eight years old . 
 it 's time i do things on my terms without anyone worrying if i 'm going to emotionally lose it when something goes wrong . '' 
 he winced . 
 jane was extremely sensitive and had always struggled in such a brutal society . 
 he watched a long line of men crush her like a gentle flower under their heels until there was nothing left but a few stray petals . 
 he 'd sworn never to let anyone hurt her again . 
 he had to make her stay . 
 `` sweetheart , i know you 're much stronger now . 
 do n't ever think i 'm waiting for you to implode . 
 i just think it would be better to wait . '' 
 `` i do n't . '' 
 jane opened the closet door , grabbed her black wool coat , and stuffed her arms into the sleeves . 
 `` when i get settled , you can bring the rest of my stuff and visit . 
 i think you 'll like it in verily . 
 and i wo n't be lonely for long . 
 i 've decided to sign up with a matchmaking agency . '' 
 yep . 
 she 'd definitely slugged the mr. hyde punch . 
 `` are you kidding me ? 
 do you know how many of those get closed down for fraud ? 
 there 's no such thing as the perfect match , and you know it . 
 what is going on with you ? '' 
 she stuck her chin out . 
 `` i 'm tired of being afraid and meeting the wrong men . 
 kinnections is a well-respected company . 
 i like the women i met there , and i trust them . 
 so do n't worry about me holing up in my apartment and getting depressed . 
 i 'm going out there and meeting people . 
 i 'm different this time . '' 
 `` this place is going to take your money and give you false expectations . 
 what if it does n't work out and you crash ? 
 i 'm not going to stand around helplessly while you 're destroyed again by some ruthless people out for your money . '' 
 she let out an outraged squeal . 
 `` are you listening to yourself ? 
 god , stop protecting me . 
 i 'm a different person than i was three years ago and you 're stifling me ! 
 mom and dad would n't want me to live tucked away in your man cave while i watch life happen to other people . '' 
 `` mom and dad never found you on a bathroom floor overdosed on pills . 
 mom and dad did n't hold you in their arms , praying you would n't die ! '' 
 the silence shattered around them . 
 slade closed his eyes briefly , grief cutting out pieces of him . 
 the words entwined with a blame and a plea that twisted his stomach . 
 the memory of finding her suicide attempt changed him . 
 he wanted her safe . 
 could n't she understand ? 
 his voice broke . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , jane . 
 i did n't mean to bring that up . '' 
 hurt carved out the lines of her face , and her lower lip trembled . 
 `` yes . 
 you did . 
 i 'm sorry i put you through that . 
 but i 'm not the same person anymore . 
 i deserve happiness and i 'm going to take it . 
 yes , i may get hurt along the way , but i can handle it now , slade . 
 i 'm stronger . '' 
 she tossed her tote over her shoulder and grabbed the handle of her suitcase . 
 `` i do n't blame you for not trusting me . 
 but i 'm going to prove myself . 
 you 're not responsible for me any longer . '' 
 `` for god 's sake , let me help you . 
 i 'll buy you dinner and we 'll talk more about this . '' 
 she threw open the door . 
 `` no . 
 the doorman is meeting me downstairs . '' 
 `` but i need a number , an address , something . '' 
 `` i 'll call when i get settled . 
 love you . '' 
 she left . 
 this time , he did n't stop her . 
 part of him recognized it was important she carve her own way . 
 the other half decided he 'd rip apart anything that tried to hurt her . 
 or anyone . 
 with a low curse , he stalked to his computer and typed in the words . 
 kinnections . 
 matchmaking . 
 verily . 
 he stared at the screen for a while and made his decision . 
 chapter two slade stopped in front of the glass door of kinnections and took in the festive white lights and artistic sign . 
 scrolled in purple and silver , it promised passersby a `` happy ever after '' rolled up in excitement , hope , and mystery . 
 temper snapped his jaw up like a well-trained karate kick . 
 a bunch of con artists selling dreams that did n't exist . 
 to him , it was worse than those emails promising a cut of a million dollars for a small standard fee . 
 worse than identity theft . 
 in his estimation , the true evil lay not in stealing money , or goods , or even services . 
 no , this was theft of the heart-a blatant lie to the lonely and broken to heal them with a ghost image of the perfect man or woman . 
 he would n't allow such scum to tear his sister apart . 
 slade pushed open the door and strode in . 
 the woman at the main desk seemed surprised to see a client , as if the cheery bell warning her of his entrance had n't worked . 
 his gaze dismissed her as the receptionist , but he refused to waste his time moving up the chain . 
 he switched into his lawyer voice that brooked no refusal . 
 `` i 'd like to see the manager , please . '' 
 one brow arched . 
 yes , she was perfect for the first appearance of a matchmaking agency . 
 her hair was magnificent , so blond it was almost white , hanging past her shoulders in pin-straight strands that shimmered like corn silk . 
 her wide blue eyes assessed him with a thoughtful air , as if deciding whether or not to call her boss . 
 not a deep blue like the ocean , but more of a cornflower , so light her features seemed to blur in a type of angelic radiance . 
 he shook himself out of his trance and wondered what the hell he was doing thinking in corn terms about a woman he did n't intend to have a conversation with . 
 `` can i ask what this is about ? '' 
 smooth and mellow , her voice teased his ears like a wisp of smoke before vanishing . 
 he wanted to hear more , but the whole meeting was beginning to freak him out . 
 he cleared his throat and looked over his gold-rimmed glasses . 
 `` none of your concern , '' he clipped out . 
 `` please get me your manager . '' 
 she crossed her arms in front of her and studied him with a thoughtful air . 
 `` if this is regarding a client , we wo n't be able to give you any information . 
 we adhere to confidentiality agreements . '' 
 he snorted . 
 `` convenient way to try to avoid lawsuits , huh ? '' 
 `` having a bad day , sir ? '' 
 was he amusing her ? 
 he drew himself to full height and leaned over her desk . 
 his court presence was well known to be deadly , but this slip of a woman dared mock him ? 
 `` now i am . 
 i 'm sure it will get better once i speak with your boss . '' 
 `` okay . 
 go ahead . '' 
 he let out a short breath . 
 `` can you please get her ? '' 
 `` i 'm already here . '' 
 he barely concealed his jerk but fought through giving her the satisfaction . 
 slade knew two things well in life : the law and the way people worked . 
 he 'd used both to live quite successfully and remain mainly unscathed . 
 he blanked his features to hide any emotion . 
 `` i see . 
 somehow i 'm not surprised . '' 
 her pale pink lips tightened . 
 ah , good-bye amusement . 
 hello irritation . 
 much better . 
 `` why do i suspect you 're rarely surprised ? '' 
 her correct assessment threw him off . 
 `` because i 'm not . 
 people are quite predictable if given certain circumstances . 
 take love , for instance . 
 the promise of something disney has made into a fortune with kids ' movies is like the holy grail . 
 they 'll fight , steal , and pay money they do n't have for the opportunity of believing in a mirage . '' 
 he waited for a feminine temper tantrum and got ... nothing . 
 a gleam of interest sparked in her eyes . 
 she waited him out , taking her time studying his appearance and making her own judgment . 
 oh , yeah , this one was good . 
 there was n't a man alive who would n't put himself in her hands , and not a woman who would n't want to be like her . 
 the perfect combination to sell love . 
 `` you seem a bit jaded for thirty , sir . '' 
 `` thirty-three . '' 
 `` ah , i see . 
 well , let me try to clear something up immediately . 
 at kinnections , we use a wide variety of services to help a person find a companion . 
 what that means to him or her is subjective . 
 some want friendship , some want sex , and some want the crescendo of music playing when their eyes meet . 
 i 'm not here to judge . 
 our job is to try to get our clients what they want in a safe , consensual environment . '' 
 he clasped his hands in front of his chest and tapped his thumbs together . 
 a favorite position with the jurors , giving the appearance of relaxation with full control . 
 he eased his voice to a conspiratorial tone . 
 `` a lofty ambition . 
 and if it does n't work ? 
 do your clients get a refund ? '' 
 her chair squeaked . 
 `` no , they sign a contract up front agreeing to the terms . '' 
 `` convenient . 
 i must give you credit , ma'am . 
 you have a nice setup here . 
 the businessman in me respects it . 
 but i have one question i 'm dying to know the answer to . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` how do you sleep at night ? '' 
 finally . 
 her muscles tightened , and slade circled his prey for the kill shot . 
 `` you 're selling something that does n't exist . 
 do you take responsibility for the broken relationships and hearts you created along the way ? 
 is there a disclaimer clause for divorces that occur from your matches ? 
 do you like taking a lonely woman 's hard-earned savings while she keeps pouring money into a search that never gives her what she wants ? '' 
 the blond half rose from the chair , fists clenched , anger pouring from her figure in choppy waves . 
 triumph coursed at finally breaking the hard shell of pretense . 
 get someone angry , push their buttons , and you get the truth . 
 tricks of the trade . 
 slade waited for the long tirade with a bite of enjoyment he rarely experienced out of the courtroom . 
 those luscious lips opened . 
 then shut . 
 she dragged in a deep breath , closed her eyes , and seemed to do some type of meditative thing . 
 when she opened them , she seemed calmer . 
 her hypnotic voice sang in his ears and promised him earthly and heavenly delights . 
 god , what sounds did she make during sex ? 
 moans ? 
 husky whispers ? 
 screams ? 
 what the hell was that thought ? 
 `` you 're good . 
 you almost got me to lose it , but i 'm working on my anger management skills , so i win this round . 
 i 'm very sorry . '' 
 `` sorry for what ? '' 
 a touch of gentleness lit her eyes . 
 `` for what happened to you . 
 you were obviously hurt by a partner . 
 man or woman ? '' 
 slade yanked his hands up and broke his position . 
 `` you think i 'm gay ? '' 
 she clucked her tongue . 
 `` no need to be embarrassed . 
 we match all kinds of sexual interests at kinnections . '' 
 his breath choked him . 
 `` i 'm not gay ! 
 and stop poking around in my head-i 'm a master and know all about manipulation games . 
 no wonder my sister fell for this charade . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` sister ? '' 
 `` jane montgomery . 
 she signed up with your agency last week . 
 i 'm sure you remember her . '' 
 the hot blonde tapped her finger against her lips . 
 slade noted the lack of stylish nail polish in favor of clear . 
 a definite contradiction to her american cheerleader looks . 
 `` of course . 
 we 're very excited about working with jane . '' 
 `` and she will no longer be working with you . 
 i came here to tell you personally to shred her file and do not contact her again . '' 
 she had the audacity to look puzzled . 
 `` why would you do that ? 
 we 've already spent some time going over her wants and needs , and she 's enthusiastic about starting to date . '' 
 obviously this woman needed therapy . 
 or reality counseling . 
 he spoke slowly , as if talking with one of his dim-witted clients strung out on too much extramarital sex . 
 `` jane is sensitive and quite emotional . 
 you may have a misguided idea of helping , but you will shatter her self-confidence , and i wo n't allow that . 
 she 's had a hard time in the past . 
 if you continue to see her as a client , you will destroy her . '' 
 the woman crossed her legs like she had all the time in the world and was contemplating what to order for lunch . 
 slade noted the sleek black pantsuit , tuxedo jacket , and stylish low-heeled boots . 
 no nonsense , but chic comfort . 
 the silver hoops flirted with her hair , and the silver cuff bracelet gleamed . 
 he wondered what type of underwear she preferred , and then sliced off the thought as cleanly as with a surgeon 's scalpel . 
 holy crap , he needed to get laid . 
 it had been way too long . 
 `` you seem quite protective . 
 but i 'm sorry i 'll have to decline your request . 
 again , our client information is confidential , and i think we can help jane here . 
 i do appreciate your concern and promise to go slowly and carefully with her dating experiences . '' 
 slade clamped down hard on his impulse to circle around the desk and tell her just how dangerous screwing with his sister 's head would be . 
 instead , he turned on his inner switch and fell back into business . 
 cold , clinical , and dependable . 
 he 'd tried to be nice . 
 now , he 'd get what he wanted the hard way . 
 `` i think you misunderstood . 
 i 'm not asking you . 
 i 'm telling . 
 you will shred jane 's file , inform her you will not be able to help , and never contact her again . '' 
 fury shimmered from her figure . 
 `` make me . '' 
 again , surprise hooked him on the chin . 
 huh ? 
 make her ? 
 was he trapped in a bad western ? 
 he lowered his voice to a silky drawl . 
 `` i can , you know . 
 make you . 
 my sister has had enough heartbreak in her life , and i 'm not going to allow you to deceive her with a mirage . 
 if you do n't willingly cut off her account , i 'll draw up a legal suit to sue . 
 i 'll publicly drag out all your secrets and make sure you 're buried so deep in papers , kinnections will be bankrupt by the end of the year . '' 
 he ignored the pang of guilt for stooping to threats , but he needed to protect his sister at all costs . 
 slade watched the stream of emotions flicker over her face . 
 anger . 
 frustration . 
 fear . 
 resolve . 
 good . 
 at least he 'd walk away from this encounter and this woman who disturbed him and get on with his life . 
 `` ah , shit , you 're a lawyer . '' 
 she spat out the word like it was dirty , but he was immune to the standard reaction . 
 `` correct . '' 
 `` a divorce lawyer , no less . 
 no wonder you 're screwed-up . '' 
 how had she known ? 
 he stiffened and adjusted his suit jacket . 
 `` now , will you agree to my proposal ? '' 
 she tilted her head and studied him . 
 used to being on the opposite end , he tried not to squirm and held her bright blue gaze . 
 `` no . '' 
 he blinked . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` i do n't negotiate with terrorists , mr. montgomery . 
 this includes bullying divorce lawyers who think they 're god . 
 i 'm not stupid . 
 i have a team of my own lawyers who will match every paper for your paper . 
 sure , you may get us some bad publicity , but all pr is good for business . 
 there 's another issue you have n't considered : jane 's wishes . 
 i do n't think she 'll forgive you for overstepping your brotherly boundaries and telling her what she can and ca n't do . 
 she may be a bit shy , but she 's not a pushover . 
 how do you think she 'll react when i tell her the truth about this little meeting ? '' 
 the tables tipped , curved , and readjusted . 
 she was much feistier than she looked , and damned if she was n't right . 
 jane already kept him at a distance , determined to show him she 'd make it on her own . 
 this may break the final , fragile bonds holding them together . 
 slade recalculated his loss-to-profit ratio and thought quickly . 
 there had to be another way to help his sister without alienating her and keep his eye on kinnections to make sure they did n't screw up . 
 the idea took root , and though he searched for any other options , slade realized he was truly screwed . 
 there was only one way left , and it was a wooded , thorny path he wished he did n't have to travel . 
 `` it seems we have reached an impasse , ms. - '' `` seymour . '' 
 `` but you must understand i do n't intend to walk away until i know jane is safe . '' 
 her features softened . 
 `` i did n't get in this business to hurt people , mr. montgomery . 
 i came here to help them . 
 hopefully , to put them on the path of love and happiness . 
 unfortunately , if one opens up to love , it can mean heartbreak . 
 but it wo n't be because we did n't do our best and try . '' 
 his lips tightened . 
 `` lofty ambitions do n't make screwing with people 's heads acceptable . 
 there 's only one way i 'll be able to test your theory and your business model . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` sign me up as a client . '' 
 she jerked back . 
 satisfaction coursed through him . 
 finally . 
 he was back in control , just the way he liked it . 
 `` excuse me ? 
 that 's impossible . '' 
 `` no , it 's not . 
 if you can find me love , you win . 
 i 'll back off and be your biggest advocate . 
 hell , i 'll use your agency to help my own clients , and kinnections will explode . '' 
 she lifted her hands in the air in supplication , then let them drop back down to her thighs . 
 `` our clients need to be open and willing to find their soul mate . 
 there 's a lengthy process , and you 'd fight us every step of the way . 
 it 'd never work . '' 
 `` i can try . '' 
 a sense of calm settled over him . 
 `` i 've dated endlessly and can never seem to find the woman meant for me . 
 if she 's out there , i 'd like to find her . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 he considered her challenge . 
 `` i 'd like to have children one day , '' he said slowly . 
 `` a companion . 
 a friend to grow old with . 
 who would n't ? 
 i do n't believe it 's out there , but i 'm willing to let you prove me wrong . 
 if you think you can handle it . '' 
 she tucked a wayward strand of hair behind her ear , and for the first time since he walked in , she looked completely scattered . 
 about time . 
 `` you 'd need to go through relationship counseling . 
 have intensive interviews and screenings with me . 
 be willing to engage in social events . 
 this is ridiculous , mr. montgomery . 
 and i have no time to waste . '' 
 `` neither do i. '' he locked his gaze on hers and refused to release her . 
 `` take it or leave it . 
 if you do n't , i 'll know you 're a scam artist and i wo n't care about jane 's reaction . 
 i refuse to let her get hurt so that you can put money in your pocket . 
 if you do take me on , and i see the value in this matchmaking agency , it 's a win-win for both of us . 
 i 'll help you grow your client list and tell everyone i know . 
 what do we have to lose ? '' 
 `` how about my sanity and sense of humor ? '' 
 she grumbled . 
 `` funny , i figured you 'd lost those a while ago . '' 
 she glared at him with suspicion , as if suddenly wondering if he had a real sense of humor . 
 slade wondered why he was enjoying this conversation so much . 
 he was getting tired of being around two types of women : angry and bitter or needy and clingy . 
 hell , his work had become his full-time lover , and was n't that sad in the prime of his life ? 
 of course , he did n't expect kinnections to work , but maybe he 'd get out of his rut and mend his relationship with jane . 
 if they both were going through the process , he 'd be able to keep a close eye on her . 
 yes , this was definitely a win-win . 
 `` you 'll need to fill out paperwork and pay the fee . '' 
 he raised a brow . 
 `` of course , miss seymour . 
 i did n't expect anything less . '' 
 `` kate . '' 
 her name spilled reluctantly from her sulky lips . 
 `` my name is kate . '' 
 it suited her . 
 strong , classy , and full of punch . 
 simplicity on the outside and complexity on the inside . 
 he reined in the poetic thought , half humiliated at his ridiculousness , and cleared his throat . 
 `` slade . 
 i 'll be looking forward to working with you . '' 
 she fumbled with the stack of papers and shoved them into an envelope . 
 wrote a few things down on her pad . 
 then handed it to him . 
 `` fill these out and get them back by the end of the week . 
 i 'll need to schedule you a session for a one-on-one with me by next week . '' 
 `` how much is the initial fee ? '' 
 `` one thousand dollars . 
 all fees are clearly stated in the contract . '' 
 her tone came out slightly mocking . 
 `` i 'm sure you 'll study the clauses carefully and inform me if there 's a problem . '' 
 he took the envelope and wondered briefly why she did n't want to shake his hand . 
 then shook off the thought . 
 whatever . 
 he needed to get out of here . 
 `` i 'll be in touch . 
 good-bye , kate . '' 
 the roll of her name on his tongue was sweet and spicy hot . 
 he hurried out the door without a glance back and wondered if he 'd just made the biggest mistake of his life . 
 kate unclenched her fingers and let out a breath . 
 the aftereffects of all that male energy still swarmed around her . 
 what had she agreed to ? 
 the man was completely critical of the process , ornery , and had the potential for lethal charm known to good lawyers . 
 she could n't believe that jane came from the same pool of genes , though her brother 's protective instincts toward family gave him extra points . 
 `` now that one is gon na be a challenge . '' 
 the husky purr drifted toward her ears . 
 her close friend and co-owner of kinnections , kennedy ashe , strolled on her four-inch heels without a wobble , her smart pink plaid business suit screaming elegant perfection . 
 she tapped a matching pink nail against bow-curved lips , her eyes dancing with humor . 
 `` the fun i can have with him . 
 you did good , kate . 
 i sensed the violence within , but you never broke . 
 arilyn would be so proud . 
 are those meditation techniques to control your temper working ? '' 
 kate grabbed her bottle and began to fill it from the cooler . 
 `` funny . 
 do n't mention i never watched the dvd ; you 'll hurt her feelings . 
 my instincts screamed for me to turn him down , but i do n't want to risk a lawsuit . '' 
 `` smart . 
 we just broke a hefty profit , so let 's not screw it up . 
 and the man is a drool-worthy specimen . 
 our female clients will be clamoring to secure an introduction . '' 
 she pressed the button and watched the icy stream trickle into the jug . 
 `` i know . 
 we 're right on target , it takes about three years for a business to solidify and begin making money . 
 of course , all the pr and ten weddings helped . 
 those are solid percentages in this industry . '' 
 `` maybe bravo will finally give us a show instead of the millionaire matchmaker ? '' 
 kate laughed . 
 `` no , thanks . 
 all i need is the world focused on why the owner and head matchmaker ca n't seem to keep a relationship . 
 hell , i ca n't even get to date three . 
 it 's the curse . '' 
 kennedy rolled her eyes and examined her cuticles . 
 her rich dark hair sparkled with subtle caramel highlights . 
 `` this drama again ? 
 your family 's not cursed . 
 your mom was happily married until your dad passed , and she never lacks for a date . 
 you 're just stubborn . '' 
 `` i 'm past sad and diving into pathetic . 
 my last date was a nightmare . 
 i set him up with the busboy and now they 're happy . '' 
 `` you did it again ? 
 girlfriend , what is it with you and restaurants ? 
 you drove paul into the waitress 's arms last week . '' 
 kate guzzled the water and tucked her hair behind her ear . 
 `` i have no choice . 
 when she handed me the menu , i got the sizzle thing and saw how they looked at each other . 
 they were perfect together . 
 i needed to be the bigger woman . '' 
 `` he was a gorgeous doctor who wanted to settle down . 
 next time , be selfish . 
 setting them up for a late-night drink was creepy , kate . 
 and you did n't even charge him ! '' 
 gloominess hovered . 
 `` i know . 
 sorry . 
 anyway , i made a decision . 
 no more dating . 
 i 'm done . '' 
 her friend tapped her foot against the polished floor . 
 `` do n't be ridiculous , we 'll go bankrupt if our poster child is the crazy cat lady . 
 or dog lady , in this case . 
 maybe you can start wearing gloves . 
 that 'll stop your impulses . '' 
 `` and look like an ocd germaphobe ? 
 no thanks . 
 madonna and michael jackson are the only ones who sported that look , and i have no wish to morph back to the eighties . '' 
 kennedy shuddered . 
 `` yeah , you 're right . 
 the fashion was a complete crime against humanity . 
 and the hair . '' 
 on cue , the bell chimed again and the third member of their crew floated in . 
 arilyn meadow was the symbol of a walking fashion disaster kennedy worked hard to transform . 
 unfortunately , their friend was quite happy and centered living in organic cotton , yoga pants , and animal-free dyes , which excluded most makeup . 
 `` hi , guys . 
 what are you talking about ? '' 
 kennedy gave her a pointed look . 
 `` what not to wear . '' 
 arilyn laughed . 
 the delicate sound matched her soothing voice , perfect for her counseling career with their clients . 
 she was a flower child stuck in today 's society , but still managed to turn heads with her hip-length strawberry blond hair and soulful green eyes . 
 kate looked at her friends and down at her usual outfit . 
 black pants , black tee , jacket , and boots . 
 it was easy , professional , and comfortable . 
 one clotheshorse was enough in the group , and kennedy pounced on any designer items she could snatch up for a deal . 
 odd , the three of them were so different , yet the moment they all connected in college , it was as if they were meant to be together always . 
 like a family . 
 completely dysfunctional . 
 in a good way . 
 kate spent most of her life running from her family gift/curse and trying various jobs that never worked out . 
 something always seemed unsettling , as if she was n't meant to be there , so it was easy to move on to the next project . 
 but when her friends grouped all their skills and backgrounds together , the idea of a matchmaking service in their town took root and flowered . 
 plenty of nasty thorns and weeds along the way , of course . 
 but kate could honestly say they had found their foundation and kinnections was growing fast . 
 kennedy used her talents as the main social events coordinator . 
 she ran all the events and functions within the company , handled makeovers , and was in charge of all marketing . 
 arilyn used her degree in counseling to carve out a niche as relationship advisor , meeting with all the clients to deepen their experiences and counsel them on a variety of issues holding them back from love . 
 good thing she had the touch , or she 'd probably end up being the weak link in the group . 
 of course , she preferred to complete a match based on a variety of their services rather than a random shock along the way . 
 other than her partners and family , no one knew about her secret , and she intended to keep it that way . 
 the moment news of a witchlike skill went public , they 'd be stalked by the press and discredited in their own town . 
 she shook off her thoughts and leaned her hip against the desk . 
 `` what 's on the agenda for today ? '' 
 kennedy ticked off the items on her mental list . 
 `` i have makeover screenings with two of our clients . 
 need to meet with the purple haze bar about our next cocktail party . 
 then i 'm jumping out early for my date . '' 
 kate raised a brow . 
 `` anyone good ? '' 
 `` we shall see . '' 
 `` did you find him through kinnections ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 i did this on my own and damn proud of it . '' 
 arilyn sighed . 
 `` first dates are so rich with hope and intention . '' 
 kate snorted . 
 `` and awkwardness , drama , and disappointment . '' 
 `` remember the code . 
 never use negative energy when speaking about dating . 
 it could leak back into our company . '' 
 kate would have liked to laugh off her friend 's comments but learned early that arilyn 's sense of positive vibes was key for success . 
 maybe they were all witches after all . 
 `` sorry . 
 what do you have going on ? '' 
 arilyn stretched her long arms out and flexed her fingers . 
 `` counseling gary on his social fears . 
 then i need to work on some of the computer programs and update our client base . 
 some of our clients made connections with profiles they found interesting and want a phone call arranged . '' 
 it always amazed her that arilyn had the brain of a geek god when it came to computers , tucked neatly behind her holistic image . 
 it was a lethal combination that drove kinnections to compete with some of the high-profile match agencies . 
 `` sounds good . 
 i have a light load also , so maybe i 'll catch up on the endless paperwork and get out of here on time tonight . '' 
 they floated to their respective offices . 
 kate tried to concentrate on paperwork and not think about slade montgomery . 
 instinct urged her to take the chance on a lawsuit because the man radiated danger . 
 but she 'd never been a coward , and she was n't about to start now . 
 no problem . 
 she 'd handle him . 
 chapter three kate watched her new client shrug off his jacket and take a seat in the chic plum chair . 
 he glanced around the room , taking note of the clean lines and soothing decor . 
 arilyn had taken control with decorating kinnections , choosing to pair tones that enhanced the heart chakra and encouraged openness and connection . 
 the layout consisted of bold purple and violets , pewter and silver accents , and luxurious fabrics and textures . 
 the counseling room boasted both chairs and sofas , with plump slate-colored pillows , bamboo plants , and a calming water fountain with flat rocks lining the base . 
 the desk was small and tucked in the corner of the square room . 
 today was about bonding with the client , learning likes and dislikes , and formulating a dating plan . 
 she could n't believe he 'd actually shown up . 
 a deep suspicion gnawed at her bones , which was going to make working together difficult . 
 a sense of belief and vulnerability were needed in order for her to figure out what he really wanted and guide him in the right direction . 
 instead , two emotions warred for dominance . 
 distrust . 
 and lust . 
 she pitied his clients . 
 the man was all muscle and towering length , easily topping six four with massive shoulders , and a tight chest clearly shown through his white dress shirt . 
 he did n't just walk , he prowled . 
 his tawny locks were a mass of thick messy waves her fingers itched to touch , and those jungle-green eyes pinned a woman to the wall and did bad things to her . 
 the gold frames of his glasses only accented his gaze . 
 probing , heating , diving deep without apology or politeness . 
 he 'd be deadly in a courtroom , mesmerizing the jurors and dominating the judge . 
 finding women was n't part of his problem . 
 neither was getting them in bed . 
 she 'd bet once dawn broke over the horizon , he was long gone and there was little morning playtime . 
 somehow , he reminded her of matthew mcconaughey from one of her guilty-pleasure movies , ghosts of girlfriends past . 
 his long face and craggy features were cut to inspire women to rip off their clothes , and his strong presence lit up a room . 
 but he had an arrogance that cloaked him , as if he were above love and emotion and messiness . 
 above the poor humans he shared the pavement with . 
 that was the part that pissed her off . 
 kate swore to break through that armor by the time she found him love . 
 then he 'd be ready . 
 `` that look is scaring the hell out of me . '' 
 he crossed one ankle comfortably over his knee . 
 his leather italian loafers and cashmere socks told her he enjoyed his money and wore it well . 
 the tight design of his navy blue suit screamed calvin klein . 
 his tie was conservative pinstripe for his occupation , but her instinct screamed that there was an untamed wildness in his core desperate to come out . 
 she scratched a note on her pad for a reminder when she was looking for a good match . 
 `` what look ? '' 
 he cocked his head and his lip quirked . 
 she fought to keep her gaze from studying the sensual curve of his mouth and the fullness of his lower lip . 
 `` like you 're about to dive into a project and get dirty . '' 
 the word dirty buzzed in her ears and stroked between her legs . 
 mother of god , was she wet ? 
 she clenched her thighs and thought of war-strewn countries . 
 hungry children . 
 puppies trapped in animal shelters . 
 much better . 
 kate decided there was only one way to move forward without losing her mind . 
 show him who was boss . 
 she frowned and spoke in her prim , no-nonsense tone . 
 `` let 's go over the basic rules first , shall we ? 
 you must be honest with me regarding all my questions . 
 i 'm here to help you and match up the woman best suited to your needs . 
 you waste both of our time by misleading me . 
 there is no embarrassment or judgment . 
 i 've heard many requests and have never gotten flustered , no matter what my client tells me . '' 
 `` never ? '' 
 she tapped the gold-embossed pen against her pad . 
 `` never . '' 
 `` interesting . '' 
 kate ignored his murmur and forged on . 
 `` there 's a certain level of trust and respect we need to work together . 
 if you feel that i 'm not properly listening to your wishes , we 'll discuss the matter openly . 
 communication is key . 
 i may also ask you to do things outside your comfort zone . 
 again , we 'll talk about your reservations , but i may ask you to try something you 'd normally not be comfortable with . 
 sometimes , people get stuck in a certain way of socializing , and pushing past those boundaries ends up being a breakthrough . 
 this is an organic process to satisfy the different needs of your life along with your heart . '' 
 kate uncapped her water bottle and took a sip . 
 so far , so good . 
 he scratched his head in serious thought and seemed to be considering her words carefully . 
 `` have you ever slept with one of your clients ? '' 
 the water got stuck in her throat and went down the wrong pipe . 
 she choked on the bubble and fought for breath . 
 he sat patiently through her coughing fit , grabbed a tissue from the box on the table , and handed it to her . 
 she pressed it to her streaming eyes . 
 `` why would you ask me such a question ? '' 
 his shoulders lifted . 
 `` well , you 're digging into my life . 
 i figured if we 're going to trust one another , i should know something about you . 
 makes sense . 
 you 're a type of counselor , and tight bonds form . 
 just wanted to know . '' 
 `` i do n't sleep with my clients . 
 ever . '' 
 `` is that a company policy or your own personal code ? '' 
 kate stomped down on her growing annoyance . 
 he was like a predator , circling his prey and planning out the best route to block any escape . 
 `` both . 
 once i sign you as a client , there 's a layer of trust that ca n't be broken . 
 i would n't be able to give you what you need if i had personal intentions . 
 and of course , if it did n't work between us , kinnections could be at stake . 
 we wo n't risk it . '' 
 `` pity . '' 
 she shifted her weight and studied him . 
 oh yeah , he knew exactly what he was doing . 
 throwing her off . 
 making her uncomfortable . 
 bringing sex into the picture so he could neatly take the reins and guide the conversation the way he wished . 
 a gleeful cackle rose in her chest , but she managed to squash it in time . 
 he had no idea how good she was at her job . 
 `` i see you do n't have the same code with your own clients . '' 
 `` pardon ? '' 
 kate pretended surprise . 
 `` your clients . 
 you are a divorce lawyer , and i 'm sure you 're well versed in the bonding that goes on when counseling a brokenhearted , angry woman . 
 do you contain it to just sleeping with her , or have you ever instituted a longer-term relationship ? '' 
 he jerked in his seat . 
 `` i 'd never sleep with a client . '' 
 `` oh . 
 is that a company policy or your own personal code ? '' 
 his gaze narrowed at her sweetly posed question . 
 `` nice volley . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 now , instead of trading barbs for the rest of the hour , let 's go over some of the basics of what you need . '' 
 she scanned the stack of papers , though she 'd already memorized most of his answers . 
 `` intelligence is key . 
 a woman who can hold her own with conversation . 
 someone formally educated . 
 master 's or bachelor 's degree ? '' 
 `` master 's preferred . '' 
 she checked off the box . 
 `` business background , or are you open to the creative professions ? '' 
 he winced . 
 `` god , no artists or writers . 
 well , literary writers would be acceptable . 
 no fiction . 
 especially not those romance novels . '' 
 another check . 
 `` family background also seems important to you . 
 let 's discuss a bit more . 
 are you looking for a woman whose parents are still together ? 
 or are you looking to avoid alcoholism , drug abuse , or disease within the family genes ? '' 
 he shifted his weight . 
 the arrogant cloud misted away , and she caught the first signs of discomfort . 
 `` i 'm up for partner at my law firm . 
 i 'd like a woman who has no skeletons in her closet or family members who could pose a problem . 
 we 'll be attending formal business dinners , functions , and most of the partners are conservative . '' 
 `` understood . '' 
 she scrawled her pen over the page . 
 `` personality is the other aspect that 's quite important . 
 do you enjoy a woman who 's funny ? 
 shy ? 
 assertive ? 
 colorful ? 
 tell me a bit about your past affairs or relationships . '' 
 `` i prefer a woman who is conservative in public . 
 loyalty is key . 
 i dislike flirty women who crave attention . 
 i want her to be strong within herself , but follow my lead when i need it . '' 
 `` when do you need it ? '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 kate looked up from her papers . 
 `` when do you need her to follow ? 
 around your business partners ? 
 your family ? 
 in public ? 
 or in the bedroom ? '' 
 the air charged around her , but she ignored it . 
 talking about personal preferences in sex was a ticking bomb , but experience had taught her a few lessons . 
 the more businesslike and unshocked she was , her clients ended up relaxing into the topic and usually confessed their innermost wants . 
 `` you want to know how i like my sex ? '' 
 `` yes , i do . 
 sex is one of the most important aspects in a relationship . 
 if you want shy and virginal , tell me . 
 if you like bdsm and enjoy tying your partners up , it 's a good item for me to note , because i wo n't set you up with a woman who may go screaming for the door . 
 i make no judgments or opinions . 
 just tell me what you want . '' 
 why was her heart pounding so loudly ? 
 her throat constricted , and her muscles tightened anticipating his response . 
 wow , she 'd been physically attracted to some of her clients but had never experienced such a primitive pull straight from her gut . 
 she kept her gaze averted so he would n't catch her female weakness and exploit it . 
 his laugh exploded through the room . 
 the dark , husky tones stroked her like fingers plunging between her thighs and urging her to explode . 
 kate concentrated on breathing slowly and went back to the puppies in the shelter . 
 `` you want to talk about sex , huh ? 
 okay . 
 let 's talk about sex . '' 
 she pretended to be busy scribbling so she would n't have to look up . 
 `` i enjoy pleasure . 
 i enjoy sex . 
 i prefer a woman who asks me for what she wants so i can give it to her exactly the way she likes it , because one of the sweetest sounds in life is a woman screaming my name . '' 
 his voice lowered , whisper soft and wicked hot . 
 `` i 'm not into bdsm , but i 've used blindfolds , scarves , and toys in pursuit of the ultimate experience . 
 i do n't like to be tied up but prefer to do the tying . 
 and i do n't need a woman on her knees unless she wants to be there . 
 does that help answer your question ? '' 
 kate bobbed her head up and down in a frantic nod . 
 her power of speech disappeared , and fire licked her veins . 
 she reached for her water , took a large swallow , and managed to gather her composure . 
 `` yes , thank you . '' 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 she pretended to look for something in her file , since her voice threatened to be wobbly . 
 after a few moments , kate dove back in . 
 `` let 's talk past relationships . 
 have you ever been married ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she paused and ventured a glance under her lashes . 
 his previous amusement vanished , and a wall slammed down between them . 
 ah , she 'd hit pay dirt . 
 `` divorced ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` we broke up . '' 
 `` care to tell me why ? '' 
 she waited him out . 
 this was a turning point , because information on his past helped her plan his future . 
 `` i plead the fifth . '' 
 his wife had hurt him . 
 ex-wife . 
 the knowledge softened her heart and beckoned for her to reach out and touch him . 
 she 'd avoided any skin-on-skin contact , afraid the attraction would be more difficult to fight , but his comment made her curl her fingers into tight fists to keep from closing the distance . 
 kate gentled her voice . 
 `` slade , i do n't mean to pry and upset you . 
 our past makes up who we are and what we want . 
 it would help if i knew what happened so that i can avoid setting you up with someone who can hurt you again . 
 not that there are guarantees , of course . '' 
 he tapped his finger against his chin and studied her with brooding eyes . 
 `` how about we play truth for truth ? 
 why are n't you happily married ? 
 unless you are and you like hearing other people 's horror stories to get your kicks and excitement ? '' 
 the familiar pain sprang up , but she pushed it back down with an expert ease that should have scared her . 
 `` no , i 'm not married . '' 
 `` kinnections not working for you ? '' 
 she lifted her chin . 
 `` the truth is , no man has ever wanted me enough to propose . '' 
 the silence pulsed and hummed . 
 she 'd learned early that fair was fair . 
 if she asked her clients to trust her with their backgrounds , she owed it to them to do the same . 
 he cleared his throat and spoke with no emotion . 
 `` she cheated on me . 
 but it was my fault . 
 i was too involved in law school and ignored her for too long . 
 classic formula for the classic divorcee . '' 
 kate wanted more but knew how much the words cost him . 
 god , how that must have affected him . 
 he was obviously a strong man , and once trust was shattered , it took years to rebuild confidence in love . 
 his profession was pretty deadly to any optimism regarding relationships . 
 `` thank you . 
 makes sense loyalty and trust would be among your number one requirements . 
 that will help me . '' 
 she lightened the topic , switching back to easy territory . 
 `` give me your celebrity crush . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` if you got to pick the celebrity female you want to sleep with , who would it be ? '' 
 `` angelina jolie . '' 
 the name slipped out so fast from his lips he looked surprised . 
 kate laughed and made the note . 
 `` nice choice . 
 but i must say a bit cliche . 
 do you know how many times men and women rattled off her name ? '' 
 `` now i 'm embarrassed . 
 change it to zooey deschanel . '' 
 `` ah , better . 
 so definitely brunettes with curves . 
 too bad my friend 's sister is happily married . 
 she always reminded me of zooey . '' 
 `` do i have a chance at stealing her ? '' 
 `` nah , alexa is madly in love with her husband . 
 but at least i 've got an idea of your holy grail . '' 
 `` get me zooey and i 'll take out a full-page ad in the times for kinnections . '' 
 she laughed again . 
 `` i 'll work on it . 
 i see you do n't list many hobbies . 
 what do you like to do outside of work ? '' 
 `` i work most of the time . 
 i run every day . 
 golf . 
 boring stuff . '' 
 `` would you be open to an adventurous type of woman ? 
 someone who skydives , likes sports , scuba diving , that sort of thing ? '' 
 another shrug . 
 `` sure . 
 as long as she does n't think i 'm jumping out of a plane for her . 
 screaming may take away my manhood . '' 
 `` duly noted . 
 religion ? 
 nationality ? '' 
 `` open . 
 oh , no virgins . '' 
 her pen paused . 
 `` under any circumstances ? '' 
 `` absolutely not . 
 i ca n't take the pressure of no sex before marriage , and a woman who has n't had experience may have a false attachment to me just because i 'm her first . '' 
 kate 's finger shook around the pen . 
 `` got it . 
 now , just so i have a good background of your beliefs , what is your viewpoint on love ? 
 you enrolled with kinnections to try to find a life partner or a woman you can forge a solid long-term relationship with . 
 i 'll ask you again : are you completely committed and open to finding this ? '' 
 `` i 'm open . 
 i just do n't think it exists . '' 
 fascinated , she leaned in . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he uncrossed his legs , stretched his feet out , and settled comfortingly back in the chair . 
 `` one word . 
 oxytocin . '' 
 kate blinked . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` simple science . 
 the body excretes a chemical hormone at certain moments that emphasizes the need for closeness and comfort . 
 this lowers fear and instills a calmness we believe and translate to feelings of love . 
 the main time oxytocin is released is after sex . 
 that 's why many times lust will get us into bed , good conversation will give us hope , and oxytocin will cement such feelings as love . '' 
 her eyes widened . 
 pride and certainty carved out the lines of his face . 
 holy shit , he believed it ! 
 caught between laughing and crying , she studied his muscled length in all his glory and realized that slade montgomery was going to be her hardest client as of yet . 
 the challenge sung in her blood . 
 matching and finding him love would be her greatest satisfaction . 
 a test of her skills . 
 if she did her job correctly , he would n't know how to even say the word oxytocin at the end of their time together . 
 `` an interesting theory . '' 
 `` one you obviously do n't agree with . '' 
 `` that does n't matter . 
 you believe it , so , therefore , it 's my truth . 
 thank you for being honest with me . '' 
 slade peered over his gold glasses in pure suspicion . 
 `` you 're not going to try to convince me otherwise ? '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` no . 
 but now i know what needs to happen so you 're sure it 's not a chemical hormone . 
 you need to fall in love before sex . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i 'll be setting up an event where you can meet some women . 
 it will be small , extremely tasteful , and discreet . 
 you 'll be able to meet and mingle , and then choose one for your main date . 
 it 's a good introduction and does n't waste any of your time . 
 but there will be one rule you need to follow if i have any chance of success . 
 no sex . '' 
 his brows slammed together . 
 `` you better be joking . '' 
 kate tapped her pen in a steady rhythm and met his gaze head-on . 
 `` no , slade , i 'm not joking . 
 no sex . 
 you 're caught up in the lust-hormone cycle , and until we break through , you 'll never be open to admitting real feelings . 
 you need to agree to this . '' 
 `` sex is a way we can find out if we 're both compatible . 
 this is n't victorian england , for god 's sake ! '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` i 'm not saying no sex ever . 
 you just need to set an initial time period where you do n't engage in physical intimacy . 
 let 's say , no sex until you 're ready to begin seriously dating . 
 monogamy . 
 trust me , if you 're not interested enough to want to have dinner with her for a few weeks , you wo n't be able to forge a lasting relationship with her . 
 sex sometimes confuses things , as you 've just pointed out . 
 take it out of the equation , and we balance the playing field . '' 
 he pushed a hand through his hair . 
 `` i do n't like this . '' 
 `` i understand . 
 but i 'm asking you to trust me . 
 i know my job , and i know how to get you what you need . 
 will you give this a shot ? '' 
 `` fine . 
 but if i do n't think it 's worthwhile and helping me , i 'm yanking that rule . 
 got it ? '' 
 kate grinned . 
 `` fair enough . 
 i 'll set up your mixer for next friday night . 
 seven . 
 i 'd like to hold it here in verily , if that 's acceptable . '' 
 `` sure , i can check in on my sister . 
 how is she ? '' 
 `` i ca n't discuss her status with you . 
 just as i wo n't tell her about you . '' 
 he cocked his head . 
 `` fine . 
 i see you ask your clients to give you a full year to make a long-term match . 
 is n't that a bit long to keep collecting the fee ? '' 
 his mild-mannered tone contradicted the judgment in his eyes . 
 kate reached deep for calm , refusing to lose her center . 
 this man knew how to goad and press buttons she never knew existed . 
 her smile oozed sugar and syrup . 
 `` funny , i think the exact opposite . 
 an agency that guarantees results in three months for $ 19.99 would make me quite suspicious . 
 the journey should be fruitful , rich , and full of adventure . 
 what 's a year compared to love for a lifetime ? '' 
 he snorted . 
 `` what indeed ? 
 just a cache of new clients for me after it blows up . '' 
 kate crossed her arms in front of her chest . 
 `` hold the cynicism until after the cocktail party , please . 
 you 'll also need to complete a session with arilyn and kennedy . 
 depending on their feedback , we 'll schedule the proper classes for you . '' 
 `` what classes ? 
 like sensitivity training ? 
 or how to give a woman an orgasm in less than five minutes ? '' 
 heat flooded her body as that delicious lower lip tugged upward in a half smile . 
 god , what that mouth could probably accomplish . 
 her toes curled in her boots , but she held it together . 
 `` we 'll discuss their recommendations once they meet you . 
 let 's say sunday afternoon ? 
 completing the classes before the first mixer is more beneficial . '' 
 he let out an irritated breath . 
 `` do i have a choice ? 
 as long as your colleagues realize i have sensitivity galore and i 've already mastered class number two . '' 
 he paused and drilled her with his gaze . 
 `` many times . '' 
 `` g-g-g-good . 
 then you 'll be ahead of the game . 
 j-j-just be sure you 're open to all suggestions and the journey ahead . '' 
 damn stutter . 
 this man singed her nerves , and she hated lapsing into her familiar weakness . 
 kate concentrated on music filling her mind and rolling out of her mouth . 
 a few deep , even breaths , and she regained her center . 
 he held up a hand in mock defeat . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll be open to love and let it all flow . 
 always hated country music and all that sap . '' 
 `` you 're not listening to the right kind , darlin ' , '' she drawled . 
 `` most are about cheating men and kick-ass women . 
 or do n't you watch nashville ? '' 
 `` i surrender . '' 
 a silly giggle threatened . 
 damn , he was funny . 
 she loved a droll , sarcastic sense of humor . 
 too bad he was everything wrong in a man , and she was the exact opposite of what he wanted in a woman . 
 at least it would save her a bunch of heartbreak , because once a woman fell in love with slade montgomery , she 'd bet it was for a life sentence . 
 oxytocin , or whatever the hell it was called , be damned . 
 kate rose to her feet and walked with him toward the door . 
 he shrugged on his jacket , flicked the button closed , and faced her . 
 `` thanks for the session , kate seymour . '' 
 he put out his hand , but she jumped in front of him and rushed out the door . 
 not yet . 
 she was n't ready to touch him and get slammed by any raw , sexy energy she might pick up on . 
 she 'd save it for matching him with the right woman . 
 he followed her and almost bumped into the two assessing females blocking his path . 
 arilyn and kennedy broke into bright , welcoming smiles . 
 kate knew better . 
 they were stalking him , assessing , and could n't wait to get him on their couch . 
 a flare of appreciation lit both her friends ' gazes as they took in his trim physique and gorgeous surfer hair . 
 kennedy stepped in front of him . 
 `` hi . 
 we wanted to introduce ourselves since you 'll be working with us . 
 i 'm kennedy . 
 i 'll be helping with social events , makeovers , and anything you need to make your experience better . 
 this is arilyn . 
 she does relationship counseling and is our internet guru . 
 welcome to kinnections . '' 
 slade quirked a brow . 
 oh yeah , the man was not dumb . 
 he knew they were checking out the fresh meat , and he seemed amused at the concept . 
 `` how nice , a welcoming committee . 
 slade montgomery . '' 
 `` related to jane ? '' 
 `` her brother . 
 older brother . 
 how is she doing , by the way ? '' 
 arilyn gave a warm smile and completely ignored kate 's obvious throat clearing . 
 `` wonderful . 
 we already have her set up with her first date and she seems much more comfortable with herself . '' 
 `` seems a bit quick , does n't it ? 
 she just enrolled . 
 does n't she need more advice or time to find the right one ? '' 
 `` we feel she 's ready . '' 
 `` when is it ? '' 
 kate stepped in front of him and gave arilyn a glare . 
 `` none of your business . 
 we do not discuss our clients with other clients . 
 right , ladies ? '' 
 arilyn bit her lip . 
 `` oh , i 'm sorry . 
 i just thought since they were family ... '' slade flashed a confident smile , all gorgeous white teeth . 
 the top one was slightly crooked and kept him looking more rugged rather than pretty . 
 `` my fault , no harm done , arilyn . 
 it was nice to meet both of you . '' 
 he strolled out of the office . 
 kennedy leaned way over to watch him disappear . 
 then slumped against the wall with a hearty sigh . 
 `` damn , he has a fine ass . '' 
 kate winced . 
 `` i swear , if any of our clients heard you speaking like that we 'd get sued . 
 we have to be super careful with him . 
 he 's out to prove us to be frauds and thinks we steal money from the innocent and use love as the bait . '' 
 kennedy whistled . 
 `` interesting . 
 well , he 's protective of his family , smart , and hot . 
 a perfect trifecta . 
 why do n't you take him for yourself ? '' 
 `` i do n't date clients , ken . 
 you know that . 
 besides , i 'm done with men . '' 
 her friend clucked her tongue . 
 `` breaking a rule or two wo n't hurt anyone if you 're both interested . 
 you 're the one who made that ridiculous law , so you can change it . 
 maybe you need to mix up your usual boring bread-and-water type with a pizza supreme . '' 
 kate burst into laughter . 
 arilyn frowned in disapproval . 
 `` though i do love pizza , i 'll pass . 
 anyway , we just went over his list , and i 'm the opposite of every trait he desires . '' 
 she ticked them off . 
 `` he prefers brunettes , curvy , conservative background , solid family with no skeletons , master 's degree-oh , and no virgins . '' 
 arilyn widened her eyes . 
 `` no way . 
 he actually said no virgins ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 kennedy laughed . 
 `` why are you guys so shocked ? 
 other than our miss kate , there are hardly any virgins left in new york anyway . '' 
 arilyn came to her defense . 
 `` there 's nothing wrong with it . 
 kate just has n't met the right one yet . 
 she 's not one of these innocents with dreams of picket fences . 
 she only wants a connection . '' 
 kennedy rolled her eyes . 
 `` i think you 're both nuts . 
 kate needs to get laid , and you need to eat some meat . 
 these affairs with your yoga teachers are warping your mind . '' 
 red color flooded arilyn 's face , but she made a good show at looking offended . 
 kate groaned . 
 `` it 's just a technicality ! 
 i 've done plenty of foreplay . 
 it 's just when it came time , something was n't right , so i chickened out . 
 no big deal . '' 
 kennedy huffed . 
 `` it is a big deal . 
 foreplay is nice , but you 're missing out on the culinary event . 
 you just got a bunch of yummy appetizers but no prime rib dinner . '' 
 `` are you hungry ? 
 what 's up with all these clever food analogies ? '' 
 kate asked . 
 `` stupid diet . 
 i 'm getting crankier by the minute . '' 
 arilyn clucked in sympathy . 
 `` i have an organic granola bar with dark chocolate . 
 you 'll feel better . 
 and leave kate and her poor virginity alone . 
 she 's a pioneer . '' 
 kate groaned and rubbed her hands over her face . 
 `` nightmare material . 
 so , do we agree i 'm completely the wrong choice for mr. hot divorce lawyer ? '' 
 `` i love lawyers . 
 but yes , i agree . 
 i 'm thinking we hook him up with hannah . 
 or emma . 
 they 're physically his type , classy but funny . '' 
 kate nodded . 
 `` i was thinking the same thing . 
 i 'm arranging his cocktail party for next friday night . 
 check the site and let me know who you can get , and i 'll approve it . '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 `` oh , and one other thing . 
 slade committed to the full kinnections experience in all formats . 
 i think we need to give it to him . '' 
 arilyn grinned . 
 `` oh , yeah . 
 i have some wonderful things lined up for mr. hot lawyer . 
 and trust me , if i sense things correctly , it will revolve around heat . '' 
 kennedy lit up . 
 `` he does n't need much in the makeover department , but i 'll take him to the next level . 
 bring it . '' 
 satisfaction pinged in kate . 
 `` done . 
 for now i need a glass of wine , music , and distraction . 
 wan na head to mugs ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 has anyone heard from genevieve ? '' 
 kate shook her head . 
 `` she was supposed to stop for coffee this morning but never showed . 
 i 'll text her to get her ass down here . 
 she 's working herself to death at that hospital . 
 i swear , interning is not like they show it on grey 's anatomy . '' 
 kennedy snickered . 
 `` yeah , but she did land her own dr. mcdreamy . 
 or was that the other hottie who died ? 
 what a waste . '' 
 kate laughed , grabbed her purse , and headed out with her crew . 
 chapter four slade flicked the play button on the remote control , closed his laptop , and reached for his sam adams . 
 the cherry wheat taste left a pleasant flavor in his mouth and should have satisfied him . 
 he glanced around his home , perfectly decorated and detailed to fit his lifestyle . 
 luxurious but not overdone or fussy . 
 the sixty-inch flat-screen television gave a nice feel to his man cave . 
 the beverage holders and remote-controlled , heated recliners added to his complete comfort . 
 a fully stocked tiki bar showcased rows of crystal glasses in various styles depending on the drink . 
 his classic favorite comedy , office space , boomed from the hd sound system . 
 a bag of chips lay to his right . 
 perfect . 
 after years of unrest , drama , and compromise , he finally achieved everything he 'd dreamed . 
 the space thrummed with a deep silence he coveted . 
 the nasty voice stirred and issued a cranky question . 
 then how come you 're bored out of your mind ? 
 screw you . 
 leave me alone . 
 he turned up the volume and took another swig of beer . 
 women hated office space . 
 they never got the humor . 
 they hated messy chips in the living room and clothes that missed the hamper , and the obnoxious old heavy metal music he preferred . 
 hell , he did n't even have to worry about a pet to feed or walk . 
 he was completely content and alone . 
 again . 
 an image of kate tumbled past his vision . 
 what was it about her that stirred his interest ? 
 sure , she was the all-american blonde most men lusted after , even more so because she did n't realize it and did n't overdo her natural beauty . 
 she seemed comfortable in her own skin , which was an even bigger turn-on . 
 yes , his body definitely responded , but if he had n't , that would 've confirmed he was dead . 
 besides , she definitely was n't the type to inspire such basic needs . 
 fiercely independent , physically distant , with a chilly demeanor that said `` back off , this is all business . '' 
 getting involved with the owner of a matchmaking service was pure doom and stupidity . 
 not . 
 interested . 
 the cackling voice rose up and mocked his thought , but he figured he 'd drown it in alcohol and salt . 
 just another friday night . 
 his cell beeped . 
 he scooped it up , checked id , and clicked the button . 
 `` about time you called me back . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 the deep sigh on the other end held a twinge of irritation he 'd never heard before . 
 his overprotective instincts toward his baby sister overrode his instinct to back off . 
 `` just because i do n't check in with you on a daily basis does n't mean i 'm lying dead in the gutter . 
 mom . '' 
 he winced and tucked the phone under his chin . 
 `` ha , ha . 
 look , cut me a break . 
 you moved out of my house , quit your job , and signed up with a matchmaking agency within a month . 
 i 'm still trying to catch up . '' 
 `` i know . 
 but things are good . 
 i love my new job , and i 'm excited about my experience with kinnections . 
 the women there are so nice and approachable . '' 
 kate 's image flashed in his mind . 
 more like sexy and frustrating . 
 `` you do n't think they 're a bunch of crazies stealing your money ? 
 you know , statistically , matchmakers gain no results and only offer an empty illusion . 
 i surfed the net . 
 numbers never lie . 
 most of the marriages they arrange end up in divorce within three to five years . '' 
 uh-oh . 
 her tone took on the higher pitch of a woman ready to lose it . 
 `` enough with the statistics ! 
 just because your marriage did n't work out , and your clients get divorced , does n't mean i need to pay by being lonely . '' 
 the pain stirred , but he wrestled it back . 
 yes , he 'd failed his marriage , just as his ex-wife had . 
 but jane did n't understand . 
 how could she ? 
 he was the one who protected her from a bunch of crappy men who thought they could take advantage of her . 
 the revolving door of brokenhearted individuals barely keeping their sanity was his daily reality . 
 jane 's sweetness and fragile ego were prime targets of con men , and they 'd already been through too many . 
 he had to pay the last guy off to walk away . 
 at least the a ** hole could n't claim to be a starving artist anymore and hit up his sister for money . 
 `` i do n't want you to be lonely . 
 i just do n't want you to get hurt . '' 
 she sighed and her voice softened . 
 `` i 'm sorry , slade , that was a rotten thing for me to say . 
 but i do n't want you to chaperone me . 
 if i get hurt , so be it . 
 at least it will be on my terms . 
 i wo n't hurt myself again . '' 
 the image of that night rose up and choked him with emotion . 
 he 'd almost lost her . 
 he 'd promised himself in that hospital room he would n't let her down again . 
 jane needed one person to count on , and by god , he 'd spent the last years making sure she was protected . 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm proud of you . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 he dragged in a breath . 
 time to spill the truth . 
 `` in fact , i was so intrigued with the idea i actually paid them a visit . 
 decided to sign up myself for the experience . '' 
 his casual tone contradicted his unease . 
 put himself in the hands of kate and her female crew ? 
 meet a bunch of women he did n't know in the pursuit of some type of affair that would n't work out anyway ? 
 yes . 
 he 'd do it for jane . 
 to keep an eye on her and kinnections . 
 silence hummed over the line . 
 `` are you kidding me ? 
 why would you sign up with a matchmaking agency ? 
 you do n't want to settle down ! '' 
 `` maybe i do . 
 maybe i 'm looking for a companion to share my life with . 
 if this place is as good as they say , i 'll find someone , too . 
 hey , we can double date . '' 
 a strangled laugh echoed . 
 `` you are so screwed-up . 
 i ca n't believe you 'd really go through with this . 
 the screening is intense . 
 are you getting a makeover ? '' 
 hell no . 
 `` we 'll see . 
 did you get your first date yet ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` soon . 
 kennedy is taking me to the salon this weekend to freshen up my appearance . 
 then she gave me some guys to peruse online to get an idea of my taste . '' 
 the meat market atmosphere gave him the chills . 
 did people really do this shit just to get a date ? 
 for god 's sake , why ? 
 `` hey , i 'd appreciate it if you kept me in the loop . 
 i 'm a bit nervous about the whole thing . 
 it 'll help to know what you 're going through , too . '' 
 suspicion laced jane 's voice . 
 `` kate will take good care of you . '' 
 an image of kate on her knees unzipping his pants flashed before him . 
 sweat prickled his skin . 
 what was wrong with him ? 
 `` maybe . '' 
 `` when 's your first date ? '' 
 `` i 'm getting a mixer next friday night . '' 
 he drained the beer dry . 
 `` why do n't you come ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 are you crazy ? 
 it 's the first time you 're meeting these women . '' 
 `` who cares ? 
 you can find out how kinnections works , and i can get your opinion . 
 besides , i never see you anymore , and they 're setting it up in verily . 
 it 's out of my element . 
 i 've never seen so many weird pottery shops in my life . 
 how many pots can one person own ? '' 
 she gave the familiar snort she had since childhood . 
 `` nothing 's out of your element , slade . 
 that 's your problem . '' 
 `` so , you 'll come ? '' 
 `` sorry , i ca n't . 
 i 'm buried deep in research for my new article and wo n't surface for a week . '' 
 `` lunch this weekend , then ? 
 i 'll give you the rundown on my experience . '' 
 `` sure . 
 i 'll take you to mugs , they have great burgers . '' 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll see you at one on saturday . '' 
 they exchanged good-byes and he terminated the call . 
 he was in perfect position now . 
 jane would n't be suspicious , and he 'd be able to watch her and monitor the company . 
 he hit the remote on the chair and eased back another inch , trying to concentrate on milton 's speech regarding the moving of his desk , squirrels , and his precious red stapler . 
 what made a woman decide to start a matchmaking business on her own ? 
 was she just a savvy businesswoman looking to make a buck on a good sale ? 
 or did it run much deeper ? 
 her probing questions stirred a nest of emotions he had no interest in exploring . 
 the knowledge of love was n't enough , would never be enough . 
 there was pleasure , and enjoying the moment , and respect . 
 sometimes there was even friendship . 
 but not love . 
 at least not long-term . 
 he thought about kate and her own personal confession . 
 the words rang in his mind like a mantra . 
 no man has ever wanted me enough to propose . 
 her raw honesty touched something deep inside him . 
 a part that ached to soothe the hurt and prove her wrong . 
 yeah , a matchmaker and a divorce lawyer . 
 that 's got success written all over it . 
 his lips twisted into a smile . 
 probably the universe punishing him for his sudden craving to seduce her . 
 hell , he knew why he 'd gotten into his career . 
 to help guide the heartbreak and messiness of america 's favorite pastime : screwing the ones they loved . 
 he helped a few people and made a ton of money . 
 sure , he was n't respected , and when he told people his career , they looked as if they 'd gotten a piece of gum stuck on their sole . 
 but who cared ? 
 no way was he messing up everything by chasing after a love do-gooder . 
 he was happy . 
 life was perfect . 
 `` robert , i 'm home ! '' 
 the scramble of feet on the ground filled her with a quiet joy . 
 her roommate , companion , and best friend appeared around the corner and headed straight for her . 
 kate dropped to her knees and waited . 
 his nonworking back legs did n't slow him down a bit as he scooted over the floor and stopped right before her . 
 she touched her forehead to his smooth fur . 
 the gentle lick to her face was the only sign of deep affection her dignified dog allowed himself to express . 
 she petted his back and checked his bladder . 
 almost full . 
 another hour and the poor thing would 've had a problem . 
 `` sorry , baby , i was late . 
 stayed to eat with the girls . 
 let 's go . '' 
 kate reached for the scooter beside the door and hooked it up with an expert ease that made her proud of how far they 'd come . 
 together . 
 she ignored the leash and led him outside to the perfect patch of grass meant for him . 
 the whip of the frosty air caused her to shiver , but robert twitched his nose , took a deep doggy breath , and ran . 
 she laughed at his outright joy and freedom , the wheels of the cart spinning rapidly as he raced over the lawn to his favorite tree , and began to do laps round and round the gnarled trunk . 
 a deep sense of peace settled over her . 
 her bungalow-type home might be small , and her yard less than half an acre , but she 'd managed to create a home and a family she loved on her own terms . 
 robert did his business with perfect restraint , hiding in his own private alcove . 
 when she 'd first met him , he 'd been run over by a car and lifeless . 
 she found him at the side of the road , a mangle of dead limbs and a hollow look in his eyes . 
 kate rushed him to the vet and was immediately advised to put him to sleep . 
 no shelter would take him . 
 no owner would want him . 
 he was a pit bull-the worst dog for adoption . 
 surgery was possible but expensive . 
 better to let him go in a cold world that had no time for imperfect humans , let alone dogs . 
 she agreed and went in to say good-bye , to at least allow him to slip to the other side with a friend beside him . 
 he must have been in wretched pain , but when kate laid her hand on top of his head , he swiveled to look at her . 
 brown eyes so full of regret . 
 maybe for the life he had . 
 maybe for the life he always dreamed of but did n't get . 
 human eyes , wise , accepting , and yet still full of kindness , though she knew his owner decided he was worthless and disposable . 
 i 'm better than this fate . 
 i 'm worth something more . 
 the voice expressed from his eyes hit her hard . 
 kate knew in that moment he was her dog . 
 meant for her . 
 a low hum of energy tingled her palm , as if she had met part of herself . 
 and she turned to the vet and gave the order . 
 `` save him . 
 i do n't care how much it costs or how you do it . 
 i love him . '' 
 the vet 's startled gaze changed to compassion and a determination to win . 
 `` then i will . '' 
 it was a turning point for them both . 
 even though they were both damaged , they were worth loving . 
 how many times had kate cried herself to sleep , thinking of herself as a freak no one could love because she could n't speak like everyone else ? 
 the torturous years in school , ashamed to read aloud , to say hello , to be teased mercilessly on the playground and bullied nonstop . 
 but she 'd risen above it all and made a success from her life . 
 just like robert . 
 the rest of the world could go to hell . 
 it took weeks for the healing , a ton of medical bills she guessed the vet helped her out with , and a wonderful charity that donated the scooter so robert , now paraplegic , could learn to walk again without using his back legs . 
 kate learned to empty his full bladder when needed . 
 she took him to physical therapy , learned new skills of how he could lead a full life , and hired someone to come in a few hours per day when she was at work . 
 she had regrets in her twenty-six years . 
 she 'd never traveled . 
 she 'd hung her head in shame for things that were n't her fault . 
 but never robert . 
 he was the only decision that made her proud . 
 he finished his run , and she undid the cart , giving him a quick kiss on his head . 
 `` i 'm exhausted . 
 i snuck out on the crew and i do n't even care . 
 kennedy will be so pissed . '' 
 robert 's deep brown eyes gleamed with understanding . 
 `` why do n't we go to the dog park this saturday and you can meet arilyn 's new rescue ? 
 i think you 'll like him . 
 he 's got a long road to travel , like you did , but i think if he saw you he 'd be more inspired to heal . '' 
 robert cocked his head and nodded . 
 she headed toward the small galley kitchen painted red . 
 `` cool . 
 meaty bone or chewy bacon strip ? '' 
 he barked twice . 
 `` bacon it is . '' 
 he politely tugged the strip from her fingers and wheeled off to his orthopedic mat to settle and treasure the treat . 
 she headed toward her pj drawer when the knock stopped her . 
 kate peeked through the window and flung open the door to see her best friend . 
 `` you missed mugs . '' 
 genevieve mackenzie dragged herself over the threshold , still in her scrubs . 
 `` extra shift . 
 forgot to eat . 
 help . '' 
 kate shook her head and returned to the kitchen . 
 robert scurried from his mat to greet his second-favorite person , pushing his nose into her palm as gen rubbed his head and gave him a kiss . 
 `` how 's my favorite boy ? 
 good day or bad day ? '' 
 kate opened the refrigerator and pulled out a variety of lunch meats . 
 `` good day . 
 bladder is emptying fine lately . 
 no bedsores . '' 
 `` that 's my baby , '' gen crooned , rubbing behind the ears . 
 `` i 'm sorry i barged in before pj time . '' 
 `` do n't be ridiculous , you live right down the road . '' 
 kate stacked ham , cheese , lettuce , tomato , and mayo on a big roll and set it on a plate . 
 `` sit down and eat . 
 what the hell are you doing to yourself lately , babe ? 
 you ca n't save the world if you collapse on me . '' 
 her friend dropped onto the red stool and began shoving the food into her mouth . 
 kate grinned , poured her some water , dumped out a few chips , and slid onto the seat next to her . 
 `` david sprang a research article on me to complete . 
 we were supposed to be collaborators , but i discovered that means i do the work and he gets the publishing credit . 
 part of the resident torture . '' 
 an odd sensation settled over her as she studied her best friend . 
 they 'd met at nyu just like arilyn and ken , but when gen moved down the road , they 'd become like sisters . 
 kate adored gen 's big italian family and always accompanied her to functions . 
 they finished each other 's sentences , liked the same things , and both had the same crazy ambition to succeed . 
 `` does n't sound fair to me . 
 you 're pushing too hard . '' 
 gen moaned around a bite . 
 her springy dark hair escaped her ponytail and curled wildly around her heart-shaped face . 
 navy blue eyes focused wholeheartedly on the meal in front of her , but kate had also seen that gaze assess a medical emergency , soothe a scared child , and calm down a parent with the heart and soul of a true surgeon . 
 `` so good . 
 will you make me coffee ? '' 
 `` no , drink your water . 
 you 'll never sleep . '' 
 gen gave a sulky pout but drank the full glass , then dove into the chips . 
 `` how was mugs ? '' 
 `` good . 
 we missed you . 
 you never come out anymore . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 a strange expression flickered over her tired face . 
 gen studied her plate . 
 `` just work . 
 david 's been telling me i need to focus more on my career and getting ahead . 
 and he works such crazy shifts , we rarely get to see each other . 
 i just need to cut back on some of my socializing for a little while . '' 
 david , aka dr. mcdreamy , was gen 's boss , drop-dead gorgeous , charming , and one of the top pediatric surgeons . 
 he spent half of his time at westchester medical and the rest at albany . 
 kate knew her friend crushed on him for years , like all the other interns , but this past year david finally noticed her . 
 they started an affair but kept it from going public , and for a while kate watched her friend glow with a deep-seated happiness . 
 but she was changing : withdrawing from regularly scheduled social get-togethers , working nonstop , and spending all of her free time at david 's place . 
 kate tried to sort through the emotions , wondering if she was just envious of gen 's complete focus , or if she just missed her best friend . 
 she shook off her thoughts and forced a smile . 
 `` i understand . 
 just make sure you take some time to rest and have fun . '' 
 `` yes , mom . '' 
 gen slumped on the seat , looking sated . 
 `` god , that was good . 
 god , i love you . '' 
 kate laughed and scooped up the plate . 
 `` at least someone does . '' 
 `` another bad date ? '' 
 `` yep . 
 but i 'm done , gen. look at this . '' 
 she looked around at her bungalow which she loved , from the trendy red kitchen , to the open living room with massive wooden shelves holding her fave movies , music , and books . 
 gorgeous hardwood floors shone to a bright polish , and it was all cheerfully decorated in yellow and gray . 
 the oversized bay window and seat looked over the tiny patch of lawn and the edge of the hudson river . 
 `` i love my place . 
 i love my job and robert , and i 'm happy . 
 every time i come home from a date i get depressed , so i 'm taking a break . 
 maybe a year . 
 i 'll focus on growing kinnections and enjoying myself . '' 
 gen grabbed her hand and squeezed in sympathy . 
 `` bad dates suck . 
 but i believe you 're meant to find that special person . 
 sure you do n't want to use your own company to snag someone ? '' 
 kate shook her head . 
 `` no , the lines are too blurred as the owner . 
 i 'd rather use my energy on my clients . 
 especially the difficult ones . '' 
 slade 's face drifted past and racked a tiny shudder . 
 maybe this was the key : focus on proving to slade that kinnections works and matching him up . 
 then she 'd go back to her lackluster love life . 
 gen slid out of the chair and kissed robert good-bye . 
 `` what 's that awful cliche stuff they always throw at women who are frustrated ? 
 you 'll find love when you 're not looking . '' 
 `` i hope not . 
 that theory puts me into bankruptcy . '' 
 gen laughed and hugged her . 
 `` thanks . 
 i needed a little girl talk and food . 
 love you . '' 
 `` love you , too . '' 
 she shut the door behind gen , turned the deadbolt , and immediately began to strip . 
 she grabbed her favorite ratty flannels , which were faded and soft , and within seconds was curled up on her battered chair . 
 damn , she 'd love one of those cool recliners with the heat and remotes . 
 maybe she 'd treat herself next year for her birthday . 
 feet propped up on the scratched coffee table , she flipped through her dvr collection of recorded goodies . 
 robert settled in the pile of blankets next to her , already dozing . 
 she slipped over to comedies and found it immediately . 
 her fave . 
 no matter how many times she watched office space , it always seemed funny . 
 a sheer classic . 
 she hit play and settled back . 
 yep . 
 everything would work out . 
 perfectly . 
 chapter five slade walked into the small gym verily boasted and headed toward the back room . 
 he had no idea what to expect , but a good round of workouts was a great way to start a sunday . 
 he made his way through an array of hand weights , bench presses , and treadmills , looking longingly out the window at the outside track . 
 he 'd much prefer a hard run , his favorite way to exercise , but arilyn had a different idea . 
 slade grudgingly admitted she did n't strike him as a used-car salesman . 
 she probed with a pure intention , her melodic voice as graceful as her hip-length strawberry hair and smooth movements . 
 before he knew it , he 'd sunk into the plum chair , soothed and relaxed , and began telling her stuff he 'd never confessed before . 
 humiliating . 
 she 'd gotten him good and scheduled him for a special workout that released negative toxins and got him cleared and open for love . 
 yeah . 
 right . 
 still , he signed the contract and was determined to uncover every ridiculous , misguided attempt to take his sister 's money . 
 he pushed through the glass doors and entered a small studio . 
 crap . 
 it was hot . 
 sweat immediately formed on his brow and it was n't just the temperature . 
 kate stood next to arilyn , dressed in black yoga pants and matching tank . 
 the lycra cupped her ass like his fingers itched to do and emphasized the full thrust of her br ** sts . 
 her hair was clipped high on her head and gave him full access to the smooth , white flesh of her nape and upper back . 
 he flicked his gaze quickly away as he hardened . 
 talk about embarrassing , like a teen sporting a boner from his hot teacher . 
 he turned , thought of his last client , a woman weeping in his office because her husband left her with three kids for his secretary . 
 biggest cliche of all . 
 thank god , he got back to normal and crossed the room . 
 `` morning . 
 is something wrong with the air ? '' 
 kate grinned . 
 arilyn cleared her throat and motioned toward the other two men in the room . 
 a large , muscled african american guy sported a shaven head , bulging biceps , and tree-trunk thighs exposed in shorts . 
 the other one was on the skinny side , with red hair , pale skin , and covered from chest to ankle in sweats . 
 slade perspired more just looking at him . 
 `` gentlemen , if you 'll join me in a circle , please . '' 
 the men obeyed as they all glanced at each other , obviously uncomfortable . 
 the big guy grunted , his face pulled into a good imitation of mr. t. `` let me introduce you quickly . 
 slade , this is meat . '' 
 slade 's eyes widened . 
 `` meat ? '' 
 meat glared . 
 `` got a problem with the name ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 just confirming . 
 nice to meet you . '' 
 meat nodded . 
 `` and this is trent . '' 
 slade greeted the younger one , who looked terrified of what arilyn would do to him . 
 what kind of counseling was this ? 
 he glanced at kate , but her bright blue eyes danced with glee , confirming this was going to be bad . 
 real bad . 
 he concentrated on arilyn 's lilting voice . 
 `` each of us has some issues we need to work through in order to be our better selves . 
 the happier and more satisfied we are , the better our relationships . 
 the body holds stress deep in the muscles and blocks many pathways , especially to our heart chakras . 
 today , we 're going to engage in a session of hot yoga , which will break down some of the barriers we erected . 
 kate is going to help me assist as i guide you through different postures . 
 concentrate on your body and your breathing . 
 if you feel the need to rest , please do so . 
 i 've filled water jugs for each of you and mats are already set up . 
 any questions ? '' 
 trent made a strangled sound of horror . 
 `` i do n't like taking my shirt off in front of anyone , '' he said . 
 arilyn nodded . 
 `` i understand , but that 's one of the blocks i 'd like to work with today . 
 there 's nothing wrong with your body . 
 you 've been used to hiding behind clothes in order to keep women away . 
 it 's time to let go a bit . '' 
 no . 
 fucking . 
 way . 
 this was not happening to him . 
 hot yoga ? 
 issues ? 
 yep , kinnections was as crazy as they come . 
 and he paid one thousand dollars for this ? 
 slade cleared his throat . 
 `` umm , no offense , but i doubt one session of sweat is going to clear up long-term problems . '' 
 `` i agree , '' choked trent . 
 arilyn and kate stared at him . 
 hard . 
 he refused to shift his feet , even a little . 
 no way would he be intimidated by one slip of a woman . 
 or two . 
 he demolished cold-hearted jurors who judged him to be the scum of the earth without a blip . 
 `` i understand your concerns , '' arilyn answered . 
 `` i 'm asking just to have an open mind and give this a chance . '' 
 `` i 'll do it . '' 
 slade jerked back as meat stepped forward . 
 he left the circle and walked to his purple mat , lowered himself to the floor next to the crazy yellow cushion , and waited for further instruction . 
 trent bit his lip and followed . 
 this was going to be a bad day . 
 no way was he wimping out . 
 he 'd do the silly stretching and report back to his sister they were all loon bugs . 
 he hit the mat , stripped off his shirt , pulled off his socks and shoes , and turned to face them . 
 bring it . 
 kate grinned . 
 the session started easy enough . 
 a few salutations to the sun or moon or whatever it was . 
 some easy pushups . 
 backbends . 
 yeah , it was definitely hot , but his muscles actually eased a bit and the tightness from his neck leaked away . 
 hmm , maybe he was missing this in his normal workout . 
 soothing flute music drifted from the speakers and wrapped him in calm . 
 then it changed . 
 arilyn began transitioning into rounds of postures more quickly , and the flute music disappeared to some earthy , urban beat , automatically urging him to pick up the pace . 
 push-ups melted into crazy half-assed sit-ups , to plank , to backbend , and back again . 
 over and over , she pushed harder , until his muscles stretched and rivers of sweat trickled down his back . 
 grouchiness hit . 
 what was she doing ? 
 why did she look so frickin ' graceful and stronger than the three of them put together ? 
 slade glanced over at his partners . 
 meat had his eyes closed , panting for breath as he tried to keep up , and trent moaned and groaned in agony , trying to unstick his sweatshirt from his soaking skin , red hair flopping over his brow . 
 `` a bit faster , gentlemen . 
 kate 's turning the temperature to the highest setting to release all toxins . 
 your mind will fight you , but allow your body to surrender . '' 
 he muttered a curse under his breath and tried to ignore the quivering muscles in his biceps . 
 he 'd die before he quit . 
 hell , he 'd melt in a pile of goo before they beat him . 
 `` ahhhhhh ! '' 
 a primal shout echoed through the room and jolted him out of his posture . 
 trent gasped , eyes wild , and ripped off his sweatshirt . 
 slade prepped himself for something horrible-why else would n't the kid strip . 
 maybe a third nipple ? 
 scar tissue ? 
 but when he sneaked a look trent looked - normal . 
 a bit lean , but nothing to stop him from going swimming or anything . 
 the kid seemed to have freed some inner demon , because then he surrendered to the workout , moving like a demon and making low noises that made slade uncomfortable . 
 well , at least there were two real men left in the room . 
 `` very good , trent , let it all go . 
 we 're going to start holding our asanas for longer periods to really dig deep . '' 
 oh , goody . 
 meat scowled at arilyn , and slade figured all those muscles were n't too good for continuous , rapid stretches because his foot got stuck by his leg and did n't make it to the front of the mat . 
 he groaned and tried to inch it forward , looking pissed off and irritated . 
 slade waited for the explosion , patting himself on the back that they would n't break him . 
 kate appeared at meat 's side and whispered something in his ear . 
 she eased his leg and placed a purple block under his hip . 
 meat grunted , closed his eyes , and breathed . 
 slade decided to amuse himself by mentally reciting landmark cases and the court judges ' briefs . 
 his leg was on fire . 
 so was his skin . 
 he 'd never been so uncomfortable or hot in his life , and when he glanced at the clock , he realized he 'd only been in the room for fifteen minutes . 
 they moved out of that torturous position , where he gave a silent prayer of thanks , and arilyn announced they 'd do balancing . 
 piece of cake . 
 he 'd seen warrior pose in some photos before , and it did look pretty manly . 
 slade followed her lead , lifting his foot and leaning forward with strength , agility , and confidence . 
 then fell on his ass . 
 meat and trent did n't seem to notice . 
 they held the pose like statues . 
 kate appeared by his side . 
 `` do you need some help ? '' 
 slade scowled . 
 `` of course not . 
 mat 's slippery from the heat . '' 
 `` balancing is difficult . 
 concentrate on your breath and relax . '' 
 he glared . 
 relax when he now knew what being in the center of a roaring volcano with hot lava was like ? 
 they should be arrested for torture . 
 but he did n't say a word . 
 just sucked it up and redid the pose . 
 over . 
 and over . 
 `` moving into deep backbends , gentlemen . 
 follow my lead . 
 go slow , no reaching or pushing ahead . 
 this is not a competition . '' 
 she did something erotically graceful , bending way back and gripping her ankles . 
 chest up , hair streaming , he figured that was easy enough . 
 he glanced over and saw trent and meat a quarter of the way there . 
 slade hid a smirk and went for it , pushing his back as far as it would go and grabbing his heels . 
 which he could n't find . 
 he toppled to the right , off balance , and fell over . 
 meat snickered in manly competitive code , though he pretended to be deep in the moment with his eyes closed . 
 trent had a proud smile on his face , his bare , gleaming chest arched in symmetry . 
 bastards . 
 he tried it a few more times and kept falling . 
 usually he would 've lied or faked weakness to get kate 's hands on him in any intimate way , but since it was real he was too stubborn to enjoy her touch until he got hot yoga right . 
 `` let 's fire it back up and then cool down . 
 sun salutation , ashtanga style . 
 and begin . '' 
 with each round , his mind roared with a bunch of emotions all mingling together in a complete mess . 
 anger and frustration . 
 physical discomfort . 
 ripped pride . 
 a sense of loss . 
 and slowly , something else . 
 quiet . 
 the last five minutes , his body wept sweat , but his mind cleared and seemed almost ... empty . 
 how odd . 
 his muscles stretched and moved to the music , beyond listening to any rational thought or yelling demand , and sank into the rhythm . 
 as he was guided into some dead pose , lying flat on his back , wondering if he 'd ever be able to walk again , a lightness flowed through his body and his breath came way deep . 
 for the first time in his life , a feeling he 'd never experienced invaded his body and soul and mind . 
 peace . 
 slowly , arilyn brought them back and they sat in a circle . 
 sucking down water , exhausted , he waited for some weird type of chant , probably an om , and then he was getting the hell out of dodge . 
 `` it 's sharing time . 
 trent , will you go first ? '' 
 slade choked on the water . 
 this was going to get him a relationship ? 
 if he had an ounce of energy left , he 'd tell them all exactly how nuts they really were and walk out . 
 and he would , as soon as his calves stopped shaking . 
 trent nodded . 
 `` i got so uncomfortable and crazed that my barriers seemed to break down , and all of a sudden i did n't care if anyone saw my chest . 
 i was freed . 
 i ripped it off , and i realized it was never important . '' 
 arilyn smiled . 
 `` what a wonderful realization . 
 that is exactly what i wanted you to feel in this session . 
 you 're definitely ready for the next step , right , kate ? '' 
 kate nodded . 
 `` i 'll begin setting up some dates we spoke about . '' 
 `` does anyone want to say something to trent about his experience ? '' 
 meat turned to him . 
 `` good job , '' he said in his low , rich rumble . 
 everyone looked at slade . 
 he shifted slightly . 
 `` umm , you have a good chest , dude . 
 be proud of it . '' 
 trent beamed . 
 `` and meat ? 
 your turn . '' 
 meat rested his hands on his knees , deep in thought . 
 `` everyone thinks i 'm a mean person because i got these muscles and i 'm black . 
 that type of prejudice hurts me because i 'm judged before i open my mouth . 
 but during that balance pose , i realized i can only present who i am . 
 some people will judge , some wo n't , but i need to be happy with me . '' 
 slade 's mouth fell open . 
 trent grinned and pounded him on the shoulder . 
 arilyn and kate practically exuded kindness and love within the circle . 
 `` i 'm amazed at your insights , meat , from just one yoga session . 
 we 're all beautiful and struggle with others ' opinions and concepts . 
 you have a true yogi lying within . '' 
 meat wiped at his eyes . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 slade watched in horror as four gazes were trained on him . 
 `` slade ? '' 
 arilyn prodded gently . 
 `` anything to share ? '' 
 panic hit . 
 kate cocked her head , but a shred of cynicism gleamed in those baby blues . 
 she did n't think he 'd do it . 
 she assumed he 'd chicken out , rant and rave about the ridiculousness of the session , and stalk out . 
 anticipation hung heavy in the air , as ripe as the body odor of the men next to him . 
 he cleared his throat and searched madly for something to top them . 
 something deep and sensitive and mind-boggling . 
 something to wipe out kate 's doubts and confirm he was open to this whole nutty experiment . 
 he was an attorney , for god 's sake . 
 `` i felt a lot . '' 
 silence . 
 `` like what ? '' 
 arilyn asked gently . 
 he scratched his head and pushed back damp strands of hair . 
 `` i learned that being alone and pushing people away is a mistake . '' 
 kate lifted a brow . 
 arilyn sighed . 
 `` please do n't say something that sounds good but is n't true . 
 there is no judgment in the circle . 
 no right or wrong . 
 what did you actually feel during the session ? '' 
 frustration beat in waves and simmered in his gut . 
 they did n't believe him ? 
 why did n't they question meat or trent 's heartfelt stories ? 
 that 's it , he was so done . 
 the words tumbled out of his mouth in very un-lawyerlike fashion . 
 `` fine . 
 i felt pissed-off , hot , sweaty , and miserable . 
 i could n't do half the poses i should , and i hated every minute . '' 
 `` better . 
 what else ? '' 
 arilyn probed . 
 he let out a breath . 
 `` ah , hell , i got nothing for you . 
 the only thing i noticed was at the end of the session my head was empty . 
 i 'm always thinking or planning or hear this noise , and for the first time , it was quiet . 
 almost peaceful . 
 but it was only a flash and then it was gone . 
 that 's it . '' 
 he tried not to sulk , which was so beneath him , but suddenly everyone smiled and nodded and meat clapped him on the back . 
 `` nice work , '' arilyn said . 
 `` that 's what i wanted . 
 you see , as a lawyer you 're used to controlling aspects of a situation and expectations of a certain outcome . 
 it 's a part of your daily life . 
 by ripping away that control , stripping you down just for a while , your mind surrendered and let barriers down . 
 that flash you got was important . 
 it was your true self dying to get out . '' 
 her words crashed over him . 
 he had little time to process , because everyone did a group om-at least he was right about that-and then it was over . 
 slade chugged the rest of his water , dragged a towel over his face , and watched while kate chatted with trent and meat . 
 arilyn packed up and left the studio . 
 after a solid fist bump to regain their manhood , he watched meat and trent drift toward the weights , and the glass door shut behind him . 
 kate dragged the mats over to the pile , her perky ass high in the air on perfect display . 
 a wave of lust grabbed him in a chokehold , and suddenly he knew the session was n't over . 
 he headed across the room . 
 kate concentrated on cleaning up the studio so she would n't have to face the sweaty , irritated , gorgeously sexy client behind her . 
 when arilyn told her the plan , she had little faith slade would even participate . 
 halfway through the grueling class , one glance at his face confirmed he 'd never make it . 
 arilyn was wicked smart when it came to knocking down barriers . 
 kate had been the recipient of many of her sessions when her frustration with her stuttering caused her to shut down . 
 kate figured she 'd get a kick out of watching slade 's confident charm slip . 
 instead , he 'd impressed the hell out of her . 
 he never quit , and his honesty in the circle was dead-on . 
 he told the truth , after first trying to tell them what he thought they 'd want to hear . 
 she 'd seen many men storm out during these sessions , not ready to go deep . 
 of course , what really pissed her off was his body . 
 slade montgomery was sheer perfection . 
 every muscle was lean and defined . 
 golden hair sprinkled over brown skin reminded her of delicious honey nut cheerios , and she craved a taste . 
 even sweaty and irritated , he held a core center within him that told her this man knew who he was and did n't apologize . 
 he liked to win . 
 he liked to get what he wanted . 
 he did n't apologize for his beliefs and never backed down from a challenge . 
 her body wept , so she kept far away , careful not to touch him . 
 the door shut behind her and she sagged in relief . 
 finally . 
 kate dropped the last mat on the pile , pushed it neatly in the corner , and turned . 
 `` hi . '' 
 she jerked back . 
 he stood before her and dominated her personal space . 
 hair damp and lying over his forehead , t-shirt sticking to his chest , he smelled rawly masculine and delicious instead of yucky . 
 damn , the man even sweats musk . 
 how was this fair ? 
 `` h-h-hi . 
 thought you 'd left . '' 
 `` not yet . 
 interesting session . 
 do you torture all clients equally or just ones you do n't like ? '' 
 she fought the smile and tried to ease back , but there was nowhere to go . 
 `` there 's no discrimination at kinnections . 
 you should see some of arilyn 's other sessions . 
 you got off easy . '' 
 `` she 's scarier than a drill sergeant 'cause you do n't see her coming . '' 
 `` you did good , '' she admitted . 
 forced herself to hold his gaze , though she felt stripped and vulnerable . 
 her skin prickled with awareness as the heat surged between them , strangling her air . 
 `` i held my own . 
 bet you lose a lot of clients forcing them into one-hundred-degree heat . '' 
 she lifted her chin a notch , but he still towered over her . 
 damn bare feet . 
 `` some do . 
 but if they 're not ready to do some hard stuff in search of love , they 're not meant to be with kinnections . 
 relationships are n't all fluff and fun . 
 it 's tough work . '' 
 `` at least you 're preparing them to be strong when the divorce happens . '' 
 ah , they were back on solid terms . 
 she smirked . 
 `` you know , the divorce rate is actually decreasing due to couples living together for longer periods of time . 
 afraid you 'll be out of a job with me in business ? '' 
 he threw back his head and laughed . 
 the growly roar stroked her ears and between her legs like a rough caress . 
 `` statistics can be manipulated to present any conclusions you 'd prefer . 
 but the simple fact is first marriages end at a rate of forty-one to fifty percent . 
 children of divorced parents are four times more likely to divorce , so the numbers will skyrocket . 
 i 'll end up retiring a rich man . '' 
 the verbal sparring leaked into the physical , her body sparking to life as quickly as her brain revved up . 
 her n ** ples twisted tight and poked against her lycra tank . 
 `` if everyone lived their life by stats , or fear of taking a chance , we 'd be a nation of robots . 
 love is the only mysterious magic in the world that gives us hope . '' 
 he studied her face , leaning in an inch . 
 two . 
 `` i agree . 
 but magic is an illusion , kate , just like love . 
 friendship lasts . 
 family . 
 but romantic love is just a mirage-a glass of ice-cold coca-cola in the middle of the desert . 
 you stumble and reach to quench the thirst , then find the glass vanishes right through your fingers . '' 
 `` if you do n't reach and believe in the glass , you 'll die anyway . '' 
 his eyes darkened to a deep forest green . 
 kate froze , helpless to fight the crazy electric jolts between them , like a magnet forcing an object to cling . 
 his husky whisper wrapped her in intimacy . 
 `` at least you die knowing the truth . 
 on your terms . '' 
 she dug deep and rallied . 
 `` on your terms , yes . 
 but with a cowardly pride and alone . 
 do n't you want more than that ? '' 
 he leaned in . 
 kate licked her lips in typical romance novel cliche fashion as if waiting for the kiss . 
 god , how humiliating . 
 she fought for sanity , but her head swarmed with a cottony daze that kept her feet pinned to the ground , helpless under his spell . 
 he was a client . 
 a client . 
 a client . 
 this was bad ... bad ... bad ... `` why are you so innocent ? '' 
 `` why are you so hopeless ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` because my job taught me the truth . '' 
 `` so did mine . '' 
 they stared at each other , not moving , barely breathing . 
 slade muttered something under his breath . 
 she opened her mouth to stop the insanity , step away , and go back to business . 
 too late . 
 he closed the last few inches between them , snagging her around the waist and lifting her up to meet his lips . 
 snap . 
 crackle . 
 pop . 
 like rice krispies gone berserk , a live jolt of electricity hit her hard , wringing a gasp from her lips . 
 her insides shuddered , and raw , burning heat poured through her body , lighting her up like the rockefeller center christmas tree . 
 his fingers tightened around her waist , and his tongue dove deep between her lips , devouring her in a hungry kiss that drove every other thought from her mind except the need for more . 
 kate moaned under the sensual assault and reached up , stabbing her fingers into his surfer hair and twisting . 
 the kiss devoured her whole . 
 he tasted of coffee and mint and hot masculine need , and like a drunk , she took it all and demanded more . 
 it went on and on , drowning her in pleasure and ratcheting up the lust and drive to get him nak * d , climb on top of him , and take him between her thighs , turning her into a wild animal she did n't recognize . 
 the door opened and a strange voice cut through the air . 
 `` oh ! 
 sorry , dudes , did n't know you were making out . '' 
 kate yanked back , her whole body shaking . 
 the charged air shimmered with electricity . 
 `` holy shit . '' 
 slade looked down at their broken connection . 
 he blinked and shook his head . 
 `` what the hell was that ? '' 
 oh . 
 my . 
 god . 
 the touch . 
 the curse . 
 him . 
 kate had no time to decipher the crazy flood of emotions that pumped through her . 
 she almost fell backward in a rushed attempt of retreat , stumbled , and madly dashed to the side when he tried to steady her . 
 `` n-n-n-no , do n't touch me . 
 t-t-t-that was a mistake . '' 
 her words caught , tumbled , caught again . 
 kate scrambled for her center as her stutter grabbed hold and threatened to dominate . 
 `` kate , wait . '' 
 he put out his hands , palms up . 
 a frown creased his brow , and he did n't make a move toward her , but panic reared . 
 if he touched her one more time , she 'd crumble beneath the crazy need to have him without consequence . 
 `` i h-h-h-have to go . 
 let 's just forget this happened . '' 
 `` kate ! '' 
 she took off and did n't look back . 
 scooping up her shoes , she headed through the gym barefoot , shoved her feet into her moccasins at the door , and raced to her ford fusion like the last survivor in a horror movie running from a serial killer . 
 as she pulled out of the lot , kate realized her lifelong dream of meeting the man meant for her had just occurred . 
 for more than four generations , the touch had bound male to female over and over without fail , confirming a true match of a love slated to last with the right man . 
 until now . 
 because he was the wrong man . 
 chapter six slade sat on the sleek pewter-colored couch in kennedy 's office and tried not to scowl . 
 he was in a bad mood . 
 after the hot yoga session , he figured he was done with kinnections ' torment . 
 seems that he also signed to a mandatory makeover meeting , which besides getting his man card pulled , he did n't need . 
 as a lawyer , appearance was key , and he made sure the jurors and his clients always saw a crisp , clean image . 
 he tried to remain patient and stared moodily at kate , who flanked kennedy 's side and looked as miserable as he felt . 
 the kiss haunted him . 
 caught up in their banter at the gym , slade decided to test the waters . 
 just once . 
 he ached to kiss her , glean if her lips really tasted like the cotton candy he adored , and put to rest some of the crackling sexual tension . 
 instead , he 'd been electrocuted and shredded to pieces by a clawing hunger to have her . 
 mate , claim , possess . 
 it was as if his inner caveman sprang to life and he 'd sunk to an animal instinct . 
 her taste was like pure sugar , and once he got a sample he was afraid he 'd be addicted . 
 he expected teasing , warm , and satisfying . 
 he got hot sex and pure need . 
 they had n't spoken since she ran away . 
 he figured they both needed to process in order to decide the next step . 
 not that there would be a next step . 
 she refused to date clients . 
 he intended to prove her fraudulent . 
 she said love was real , he said it was an illusion . 
 just because the sex would rock did n't mean any type of relationship would . 
 he agreed it would be smarter to leave her alone , let the tension settle a bit , and move on . 
 but he did n't want to . 
 she wore her usual black , a sexy lace t-shirt , silk trousers , and those delicious spiked black boots . 
 her hair was pinned back today in a sophisticated twist thing that only made him long to rip out the pin and thrust his fingers in gold silk . 
 her no-nonsense manner and cool gaze told him her position without a word . 
 get over it . 
 he wished he could . 
 when he heard about the mandatory makeover , slade insisted kate be there . 
 she tried to escape by citing kennedy as the expert , but he insisted she be present to oversee the whole thing . 
 he needed another shot at trying to figure her out and this crazy connection thing . 
 `` first off , do n't think this is all about tweaking your appearance to make you hotter . 
 you 're pretty much already there , as you well know . '' 
 he fought off a blush as they both stared at him . 
 `` uh , thanks . 
 i think . 
 so what are we doing ? '' 
 `` appearance is the first impression we give on a date . 
 you have a public job so you need to keep a certain persona in the courtroom . 
 but i wanted to ask you a few questions . 
 what do you wear on a first date ? '' 
 kennedy pursed her lips . 
 the man in him recognized she exuded lust in her lush , sensual manner , from her full red mouth to her ripe curves . 
 funny , he just did n't ache to touch or taste her like the woman who stood beside her . 
 slade refocused and tried not to sigh at the ridiculous question . 
 he was wasting valuable time here . 
 `` standard stuff . 
 usually pants and a casual jacket and tie . '' 
 `` always a tie ? '' 
 he tamped down on his impatience . 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` shoes ? '' 
 he tried not to roll his eyes . 
 `` dress shoes . '' 
 `` hmm . '' 
 she made a note on her pad . 
 `` how do you dress on the weekends ? '' 
 `` khakis . 
 t-shirt . 
 loafers . '' 
 `` got it . 
 do you need the glasses to see ? '' 
 he touched the gold-rim frames . 
 `` these ? 
 mostly reading , but i tend to wear them all the time now . '' 
 `` interesting . '' 
 she scribbled something else . 
 he tried not to crane his neck to peek . 
 `` do you prefer certain colors ? '' 
 slade glanced at his cartier watch and blew out a breath . 
 `` black , gray , and blue . 
 classical . '' 
 kennedy smiled . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she stood and walked to the far side of the room , sliding open pocket doors to reveal an enormous storage closet . 
 as she hummed under her breath , he heard her sifting through hangers , pulling a variety of items and slinging them over her arm . 
 he tried to catch kate 's gaze , but she pretended to study her friend 's notes , refusing to look up . 
 frustration twisted his gut . 
 `` here we go . 
 try all these on . '' 
 she dumped a pile of clothes , shoes , and belts in his lap . 
 slade stared . 
 `` what 's all this ? '' 
 `` your makeover . 
 glasses off , please . '' 
 he flung up his hand like she was a demon . 
 `` i like wearing my glasses . '' 
 `` i know . 
 you use them as a barrier to keep yourself removed and distant . 
 like looking out to the world through a pane of glass . 
 if you do n't need them to see , they 're not needed . 
 hand them over . '' 
 he studied her determined expression with growing horror . 
 they were all nuts . 
 maybe not legally fraudulent , but the inane things a client had to go through to get a date were unbelievable . 
 slade ripped them off and pushed them into her palm . 
 `` fine . '' 
 she pointed to the right . 
 `` changing area is over there . 
 we 'll wait . '' 
 his lips twisted in a sneer . 
 slade grabbed the clothes , walked out the door , and changed . 
 with every minute that passed , his temper grew . 
 he was a harvard graduate , a well-respected attorney , and never had a problem getting a date . 
 how dare they judge him ? 
 he was always open and charming on a date . 
 he elicited information from his companion , used humor , and always listened attentively . 
 slade belted the jeans , shoved his feet into the shoes , and yanked on the shirt . 
 refusing to glance in the mirror , he marched out like a penguin on parade and simmered with temper . 
 `` here . 
 satisfied ? '' 
 kennedy grinned like the badass she was . 
 but it was the look in kate 's eyes that froze him to the spot . 
 hunger . 
 he dragged in a lungful of air and drank in her expression . 
 eyes wide , she ate him up with her gaze , a feminine appreciation gleaming deep within ocean depths . 
 kennedy strolled over , adjusted his shirt collar , smoothed out some wrinkles , and turned him toward the mirror . 
 `` want me to tell you what i see now ? 
 i see a man who works hard but knows how to take it down a notch . 
 a man open to the unknown , ready to be a bit vulnerable and give a bit of himself to his date . 
 you see , slade , i think your clothes were used as a type of armor . 
 a suit and tie scream business dinner . 
 formality . 
 but this shows your true personality and allows your date to feel as if you are as engaged as she is . '' 
 slade almost snickered at her speech over a silly outfit . 
 until he saw himself in the mirror . 
 he looked ... different . 
 the dark jeans clung to his thighs and gave him a rougher edge than his usual polished look . 
 the shirt was black and holy mother of god-pink . 
 pink cuffs and a stitched collar open at the neck molded to his chest . 
 the shirt was left loose and not tucked in . 
 the shoes were low leather boots that he never would have tried , thinking them too european , but they gave him an understated polish yet brought it up a notch . 
 without his glasses , his face seemed more vulnerable , and he blinked at his image , trying to take it all in . 
 he never wore jeans , but they were both comfortable and gave him a freedom he did n't realize he was lacking . 
 in some half-assed way , kennedy was right . 
 he did keep himself distant in a lot of ways . 
 his thoughts flashed to jane and the steps she may be going through . 
 `` did my sister go through the same process ? '' 
 kennedy 's face softened . 
 `` i meet with jane this week . 
 we 've had plenty of sessions together , and i know her vulnerabilities . 
 i promise you , slade , your sister is in very good hands . 
 i would never hurt her . '' 
 his throat tightened and he managed a nod . 
 somehow , someway , he actually believed her . 
 `` what do you think , kate ? '' 
 slade slid his gaze to meet hers in the mirror after kennedy 's question . 
 a low hum buzzed between them . 
 seconds ticked by . 
 the tension cranked another excruciating notch , until he locked down his muscles in an effort not to grow to full staff under her heated stare . 
 `` i think he 's ready . '' 
 her husky drawl broke the spell . 
 kennedy nodded in agreement . 
 `` wear this to the mixer . 
 i 'm going to take a shopping trip with you later on in the week and make sure you have a few outfits . 
 of course , it 's on kinnections , part of the package experience . '' 
 `` i have to go , i have a meeting . 
 see you friday night , slade . '' 
 kate hurried out of the room . 
 kennedy cocked her head and studied him for a moment . 
 `` hmm . 
 something tells me friday is going to be interesting . '' 
 slade nodded . 
 `` i 'll tell you one thing . 
 since i signed up , i have n't been bored . '' 
 he went to change as kennedy 's laughter floated through the room . 
 kate walked the floor of the elegant italian restaurant , satisfied with the backdrop for slade 's first cocktail party . 
 the back room was reserved for kinnections and the social mixers they tended to run on friday and saturday nights . 
 cosmos boasted great food , an intimate atmosphere , and a premier wine bar . 
 the huge brick oven wall and high counters showed the chefs at work , a fun visual for the crowds . 
 her boots tapped on the polished marble floors , taking in the tuscan decorations of bold red , gold , and earthy creams . 
 she met kennedy halfway to the back room . 
 `` is he here yet ? '' 
 kennedy shook her head . 
 `` sorry . 
 hope he 's not a no-show . 
 those suck . '' 
 kate tried not to fume at the idea of slade wasting all their valuable time just to refuse the main event . 
 her crew put everything into his counseling and makeover and picking the right women . 
 if he did n't show up , she 'd - well , she did n't know , but she 'd come up with something really evil . 
 the image of his kiss mocked her thoughts and screamed her a liar . 
 she wanted to do something with him all right . 
 preferably nak * d , dirty things that should n't be imagined . 
 why , oh why , did he have to elicit the awful curse/touch ? 
 she needed to be firm tonight and not get too personal . 
 kate bore down and focused . 
 she was his matchmaker and had an important job ahead of her . 
 find him a love match and do it quickly . 
 `` he works in manhattan , so traffic is a mess . 
 let 's give him fifteen more minutes . '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 kennedy leaned over the bar and winked at the chef behind the table . 
 her generous cl ** vage caused the next throw of his pizza dough to almost miss . 
 `` hey , darlin ' . 
 any way to get a drink around here ? '' 
 his gaze misted over . 
 kate watched as her friend worked her female magic to make every man before her go into idiot mode . 
 she grabbed her arm and dragged her back . 
 `` give him a break , ken . 
 go order your drink at the bar like a normal person . '' 
 kennedy flipped her hair in artful style and grinned . 
 `` but this is so much more fun . 
 and that way i do n't have to wait on line . '' 
 `` when have you ever waited more than five seconds for a drink ? '' 
 her lips pursed in a pout . 
 `` never , i guess . 
 you 're no fun . 
 i like torturing the male species . 
 give it a try . '' 
 kate pulled her through the restaurant and into the private party . 
 `` behave . 
 you meet with jane tomorrow , right ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm taking her to the salon for the works . 
 i think she 's ready . '' 
 `` good . 
 and make sure to keep slade away from her . 
 he 's nosy and wants to poke around in her love life . 
 the last thing she needs right now . '' 
 `` hmm , i 'd let him poke me anytime . 
 anywhere . '' 
 kate rolled her eyes . 
 `` you never change . '' 
 `` hope not . 
 what fun would this threesome be if all of us were n't getting any ? '' 
 she was saved from answering by the sudden appearance of the guest of honor . 
 the room fell into a short silence . 
 holy crap . 
 he was beyond hot . 
 he actually wore the outfit kennedy picked out , his jeans cupping his ass and thighs in all the right spots . 
 the black and pink shirt gave him an air of edgy sexiness women loved , and his wavy caramel hair was a delicious shaggy mess around his head , framing those suspicious sage-green eyes . 
 he took in the room with one sharp glance , obviously taking note of the occupants and his dates for the evening . 
 assessing . 
 commanding . 
 lord , he had alpha stamped all over him , and a tiny shiver bumped through her body . 
 the other women seemed to have the same reaction . 
 their gazes lit up with anticipation and roved over his figure like hungry she-wolves ready to feast . 
 and mate . 
 kate pulled her professional demeanor around her tightly and walked up to him . 
 `` you 're late , '' she whispered . 
 `` why do n't you come with me before i introduce you to the four women i picked . '' 
 `` you 're not gon na announce ` meet my millionaire , ' are you ? '' 
 she shuddered with distaste . 
 `` this is not reality tv and not bravo . 
 we do n't lead with money here . 
 why , are you a millionaire ? '' 
 `` why ? 
 do you want to know ? '' 
 kate led him to the far corner , where the table of cocktails was already set up with various finger foods . 
 `` as long as you have a steady job you enjoy , we do n't care what your profit margin is . 
 neither will your dates . '' 
 he snorted and eyed the table hungrily . 
 and with more interest than he regarded the women . 
 `` obviously , you have n't been in the real world . 
 i 'm starving-are those mini pizzas ? '' 
 he ignored her clucking and dove in , filling his plate with a massive amount of food . 
 `` can i get a beer with this ? 
 or wine . 
 whatever everyone 's drinking . '' 
 she crossed her arms in front of her and tried not to huff . 
 `` in case you 've forgotten , this is n't the quick service dining plan . 
 you 're here to meet your potential mate . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 he chewed heartily . 
 `` this portobello is amazing . 
 smoky and full of flavor . 
 perfect with the bite of gorgonzola . 
 funny , i 've never heard of this place . 
 want to try one ? '' 
 `` no . 
 let 's go over the rules again , shall we ? '' 
 `` no sleeping with them on the first date . '' 
 she glared . 
 `` of course not ! 
 now , kennedy and i will be here to help you mingle , and if you 're feeling awkward at any point , just give us a glance and we 'll be by your side . 
 we can also help guide conversation . 
 this is your party , and we want you to feel comfortable . 
 you 'll have alone time with each of the women , and then you 'll let me know at the end of the mixer who you bonded with . 
 then we 'll set up a one-on-one date to take it further . '' 
 he bit into a mini crab cake with homemade aioli and groaned . 
 `` best crab cake ever . '' 
 `` are you listening ? '' 
 `` yep . 
 the more i think about it , i feel like the bachelor . 
 i do n't have to break up with any of them at the end of the night , do i ? '' 
 `` funny . 
 can you please take this seriously ? 
 these women have taken their precious time to meet you . '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` now , you 'll meet hannah , emma , sarah , and ann . 
 each of them have the look you seem to require , steady jobs , and all the qualities you seem to admire . 
 are you ready for the introductions ? '' 
 `` can i have another piece of bruschetta ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he wiped his mouth with the napkin . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'm ready . '' 
 she pasted on a brilliant , confident smile . 
 `` then let 's go , shall we ? '' 
 he reached out his hand in politeness , but she pretended to miss the gesture and marched in front of him . 
 no touching tonight . 
 that had disaster written all over it . 
 she made the introductions and fell smoothly into her role . 
 the women all seemed to have a special quality she believed slade was looking for , but it was hannah whom she felt the most strongly about . 
 with her dark good looks , curvy body , and sweet personality , she had the whole package . 
 her career as an accountant brought a seriousness slade would respect . 
 her father was a well-known family court judge , and her mother an elementary school teacher . 
 satisfaction coursed through her at the immediate ease of conversation as they talked law and business . 
 kate retreated to the bar to keep an eye on the scene and give them the privacy needed . 
 she nibbled on cocktail shrimp and watched slade work the room . 
 she imagined his presence in court brought him a huge asset . 
 it was n't just the breadth of his shoulders stretched under his shirt or the grace with which he prowled from woman to woman . 
 it was n't even his piercing gaze or charming smile . 
 no , his aura pulsed with sexual energy and a physical awareness to which no female was immune . 
 including her . 
 kate slid onto the red bar stool and grabbed a glass of merlot . 
 whatever . 
 she 'd be more worried if she did n't lust after slade montgomery . 
 at least her hormones were alive and kicking . 
 she just needed to redirect them . 
 `` and who is that gorgeous man you 're panting over ? '' 
 the teasing question snapped her head . 
 genevieve bumped her shoulder and slid onto the stool beside her . 
 she looked beautifully tousled in her jeans , peach sweater , and loose topknot . 
 kate laughed and gave her a quick hug . 
 `` you made it ! 
 i thought you were working an extra shift ? '' 
 gen wrinkled her nose . 
 `` no , thank god . 
 i have to pull an all-nighter tomorrow so i figured i 'd grab some time to see you guys . 
 though i should probably be sleeping , as david says . '' 
 `` can you tempt him with sex in the on-call room like in grey 's ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` nah , i use the on-call room to sleep . 
 usually because i 'm dirty , smelly , and exhausted . 
 sex does n't tempt me . '' 
 `` bummer . '' 
 `` so , who 's the hot guy ? '' 
 kate slid her gaze back to his perfectly formed ass . 
 she cleared her throat . 
 `` my new client . 
 slade montgomery . '' 
 `` why the hell does he need kinnections ? '' 
 `` see , that 's why i did n't hire you : you suck at pr . 
 because he does n't have time to sort through the reams of women looking to date him . '' 
 `` he 's definitely into the tall brunette . 
 how do some women get the tall gene and i get the hobbit one ? '' 
 kate gave her a playful shove . 
 `` you 're not a hobbit , you maniac . 
 you 're petite and gorgeous . 
 i 'd find your mate if you had n't already . '' 
 gen pulled her brows in a slight frown . 
 `` i 'm not ready to get married , i 'm still in residency . 
 we 're just experimenting . '' 
 `` right . 
 he 's perfect for you . 
 your father and alexa are mad about him , and you know they never approve of anyone . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i guess . '' 
 her lackluster response made kate pause . 
 `` you are crazy about him , are n't you , gen ? '' 
 `` hell , yes . 
 he 's got the whole package and things are going great . 
 i just do n't want to jinx it . '' 
 kate relaxed . 
 `` i understand . 
 is your sidekick coming out tonight ? '' 
 `` no . 
 wolfe said he was buried in details for the new opening of purity . 
 it 's coming up in a few months and he 's working around the clock . '' 
 wolfe and gen had met at nyu and clicked immediately ; he was now a close family friend who ran a five-star hotel in the city . 
 he also frequented gen 's many family get-togethers . 
 `` no wonder you guys are a pair . 
 ambitious workaholics unite . '' 
 `` i do n't see you painting the town red either . '' 
 she ignored her friend 's astute observation and decided not to listen to any more cracks about her love life . 
 or lack of it . 
 slade disengaged himself from hannah 's side and headed toward the bar . 
 his gaze burned with purpose and focus . 
 her panties dampened . 
 damn him . 
 gen let out a low whistle . 
 `` umm , i 'm heading toward the bar to look for ken . 
 good luck . '' 
 her friend disappeared . 
 slade closed the distance . 
 kate wet her dry lips and looked up . 
 `` how 's it going ? 
 i did n't want to interfere when it looked like you had things under control . '' 
 he studied her face , focusing on her newly wet lips . 
 like he was ready to dip his head and kiss the moisture from her mouth . 
 focus , kate , focus . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 did i mingle enough yet ? '' 
 she raised a brow . 
 `` you 're done ? 
 if you do n't need any more time to pick your date , that 's fine . 
 who did you connect with ? '' 
 `` no one . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` i mean , they 're all very nice . 
 attractive . 
 funny . 
 i 'm quite impressed with your picks . '' 
 she cocked her head . 
 `` but you did n't connect with anyone . 
 do you want me to hold another mixer and give you some other choices ? '' 
 `` nah . 
 they 're good . '' 
 irritation itched at her skin . 
 kate clamped down on her emotions and reminded herself he was just another difficult client . 
 no big deal . 
 `` okay . 
 so who would you like to pick for your date ? '' 
 he reached around her and scooped up a glass of merlot . 
 `` you pick . '' 
 a strange roaring echoed in her ears . 
 `` what did you just say ? 
 you want me to pick your date ? '' 
 those massive shoulders lifted . 
 he seemed more interested in the wine , food , and hanging with her . 
 `` sure . 
 you 're the professional . 
 you know what i 'm looking for and probably already sense who 's the best for me . 
 who would you pick ? '' 
 `` hannah easton , '' she said quickly . 
 `` did you have any chemistry ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 she 's smoking . 
 and nice . 
 great choice-set it up . '' 
 he glanced at the empty table . 
 `` damn , i was hoping for more of those crab cakes . 
 think we can get some from the chef ? '' 
 kate clenched her fingers and breathed deeply . 
 she suddenly felt like a cheap broker rather than a tastefully skilled matchmaker . 
 what was really going on here ? 
 `` are you really committing yourself to this process ? 
 you do n't seem enthusiastic . 
 you need to be - '' `` open . 
 i know . 
 i am . '' 
 he shifted his gaze , studying her with an intensity that peeled away her lying exterior and exposed her bodily truth . 
 the masculine scents of tobacco , spice , and a hint of grapefruit hit her nostrils and affected her like she 'd dropped into a godiva factory . 
 what was he wearing ? 
 reminded her of the bonding scent vampires threw off when they met their soul mates in her fave series , the black dagger brotherhood . 
 kate locked her knees to keep from leaning forward and taking a big whiff . 
 and biting his neck . 
 `` you seem ready to yank my membership at any misstep . '' 
 amusement laced his tone and softened the brackets around his mouth . 
 `` do most men you set up easily fall for the first woman they meet ? '' 
 she stiffened her spine . 
 `` no . 
 but i do n't trust you . '' 
 he leaned in another inch . 
 `` i 'm a divorce lawyer and a man who 's attracted to you . 
 you 'd be crazy to trust me . '' 
 his outrageous honesty and droll humor stole her smart-ass answer . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll set up your date with hannah . 
 kinnections pays for it , but you need to check with me . 
 no private charter planes or trips to vegas . 
 keep it simple and elegant . 
 dinner , drinks , dancing , intimate atmospheres to get to know one another . '' 
 `` yes , coach . 
 do you get rid of them now or do i have to ? '' 
 she smothered a laugh . 
 `` i will . 
 let 's go tell the lucky lady , and i 'll take care of the rest . '' 
 kate tried to slide off the stool , but her boot heel got hooked in the ring . 
 slade reached out automatically to help , and his hand imprint burned into her upper arm , searing right through the thin silk material of her blouse and scorching skin . 
 her body exploded in a riot of messiness . 
 the sting of energy made her push him away in a frantic attempt to make him let go . 
 the stool teetered , and she crashed to the floor . 
 `` what the hell was that ? '' 
 his shocked look as he stared at her in a crumple of limbs bought her a few precious seconds . 
 he made another attempt to help her up , but she scooted back on the floor with her hands in front of her . 
 `` d-d-d-don ' t touch me . 
 i-i-i 'm wearing f-f-fur . '' 
 his brows slammed together over a blue storm cloud . 
 `` what type of fur do you own ? 
 it 's more like eel skin that gives off electrical currents . 
 for god 's sake , let me help you up . '' 
 kate got to her knees and scrambled to her feet . 
 like her legs , her tongue twisted in her mouth , and her past limitations roared before her and sped up her heart . 
 `` th-th-thank you , but i 'm fine . 
 i 'm s-s-sorry . '' 
 he tilted his head and studied her face as if she were an alien experiment meant to save the earth . 
 kate closed her eyes and pictured a blank white screen . 
 peace . 
 harmony . 
 she breathed , concentrating on relaxing her muscles and her lips , going back to the safe place she had created to trust herself and allow herself to speak again . 
 when she reopened her eyes , her pulse had steadied . 
 slow , with a tinge of music to keep the sounds flowing . 
 `` i apologize for that . 
 i must stop wearing these boots before i hurt someone . '' 
 she forced a light laugh . 
 `` now , let 's put that embarrassing scene behind us and say good-bye to our guests . '' 
 `` not yet . '' 
 she froze . 
 he eased over and blocked her path with one smooth motion . 
 jammed his hands into his pockets and rocked back on his heels . 
 his magnifying presence kept her still , unable to do anything else but wait . 
 he lowered his voice to an intimate pitch . 
 `` same thing happened when we kissed . 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 she stuck out her chin . 
 `` nothing . 
 it was the fur . '' 
 `` you were barefoot . 
 so unless you wear fur underwear , you 're lying . '' 
 a gleam of interest lit his eyes . 
 `` do you wear fur underwear ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 `` i rest my case . '' 
 she panicked and lost her patience . 
 desperate to get away and drop the subject , she hurled the words at him . 
 `` fine , i 'll tell you . 
 i 'm a witch . 
 i cast wacky love spells on our clients , and i was practicing on you to see what i 'd need to create to match you . 
 satisfied ? '' 
 that should do it . 
 she 'd read somewhere to wrap a little fact with a whole lot of fiction . 
 he seemed to calculate , weigh , and judge her reaction . 
 her thighs quivered and moisture drenched her core . 
 god , she loved a brainiac . 
 was there anything sexier than a man with a sharp mind ? 
 `` know what scares me the most , kate ? 
 i think some of it 's accurate . 
 you did cast some spell on me because ever since i met you , i keep dreaming of burying my face between your thighs and watching you come . '' 
 her mouth fell open . 
 an odd squeak emerged . 
 `` d-d-don ' t talk like that . 
 believe what you want but leave me alone . 
 it was a strange , once-in-a-lifetime occurrence , and i do n't intend to have a repeat . 
 i need you to concentrate on your date with hannah and move forward . 
 there are no other options here . '' 
 kate adjusted the buttons on her silk blouse , smoothed down her trouser pants , and turned on her heel , leaving him behind . 
 his gaze burned into her back , but she ignored him and swore to get this whole debacle fixed . 
 she had no other choice left . 
 she needed to see her mother . 
 chapter seven slade watched her smoothly reject the other three women , set up the date with hannah , and wrap up the entire mixer in a neat little bow . 
 normally , he 'd be amused at his first foray into the love industry , but the lingering tingle in his hand distracted him . 
 kate seymour was hiding something big . 
 and he was going to find out . 
 the woman intrigued him on every level . 
 her cool , composed appearance completely contradicted the lightning bolt her touch gave him and the obvious confusion and stutter when she was taken off guard . 
 made him want to take her off guard in a variety of more ... pleasant ways . 
 like hard-core , no-holds-barred sex . 
 her h * ps gracefully swayed , and he wrestled back his rapidly growing erection . 
 damn pants . 
 how did she make them so sexy when she was all covered up ? 
 the peekaboo of her black camisole gave him a hint of delicate lace and a mouthwatering glimpse of cl ** vage . 
 then the black tuxedo jacket with the lush fur collar swung back and covered the whole thing up . 
 the whole hide-and-seek game was starting to get him irritated . 
 he should n't have been so honest about his intention to get her nak * d , but the moment her skin slid over his , he exploded . 
 as if he had no control over his body and the craving to take her . 
 not his smoothest moment , but he had plenty of time to recover . 
 he gave her credit , though . 
 slade expected to be underimpressed with the four choices at his mixer , but the women were everything he was looking for . 
 smart , funny , attractive , and independent . 
 weird , he did n't feel any type of physical charge , but his upcoming date with hannah would give him a more intimate atmosphere and maybe something would emerge . 
 did he really want to keep chasing kate when she did n't want to be caught ? 
 better to try to focus on a woman who was eager to be with him and explore a possible connection . 
 even though he did n't believe in long-term love , an affair with a companion he enjoyed was something he missed . 
 but he was n't ready to leave yet . 
 the ladies dispersed and kate headed toward the bar . 
 slade picked up his wine and followed her . 
 as if she sensed his stalking , she stopped short and he almost rammed into her . 
 one arched brow rose . 
 `` did you need something else ? '' 
 ah , he was being officially dismissed . 
 the humor of the situation made him want to push for more . 
 this woman amused him with her bossiness and the way he seemed to underwhelm her . 
 `` thought i 'd hang with you for a bit . 
 after all , it 's a friday night . 
 still early . '' 
 pale pink lips tightened . 
 `` you could 've continued the mixer for longer . 
 the women were quite impressed with you . '' 
 `` at least they were . 
 you seem to treat me like an annoyance . '' 
 her startled jerk satisfied him . 
 `` that 's ridiculous . 
 i 'm only trying to do my job . '' 
 `` excellent . 
 then you can babysit your new client and let me buy you a drink . '' 
 his delight at her obvious attempt to ditch him was pretty sick . 
 maybe he was too spoiled by women throwing themselves at him on a regular basis . 
 she gave a cute little humph , but politeness interceded . 
 `` the drinks are free , '' she said grudgingly . 
 `` at least till ten . 
 part of the contract for holding our exclusive mixers here . '' 
 `` good deal . 
 another merlot or chardonnay ? '' 
 kate shook her head . 
 `` merlot . '' 
 he walked to the bar , scooped up two fresh glasses , and handed her one . 
 he wondered if she intrigued him by her mystery . 
 maybe if he broke through some of that reserved demeanor , he 'd realize she was n't as interesting as he originally believed . 
 after all , it happened to him all the time . 
 `` so , tell me a little background on kinnections . 
 not many people have the guts to start a new business in this economy , especially such a risky one . '' 
 her snort told him she was n't buying his fishing expedition . 
 `` hope you do better in court when you 're trying to dig for information . 
 that was pure amateur . '' 
 slade threw up his hands in surrender . 
 `` i 'm interested in your company . 
 sue me . '' 
 kate chuckled . 
 `` fine . 
 let 's get this over with . 
 cross-examine me , counselor . '' 
 anticipation charged him up . 
 `` how did you decide to launch kinnections ? '' 
 `` the three of us met in college at nyu freshman year , got assigned a group project in english together , and became close friends . 
 we decided to room together during college and graduated together . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` the three hot amigas tearing it up at nyu . 
 the poor guys must not have known what hit them . '' 
 her eyes flashed with a memory and a bite of pain . 
 `` it was different than you think . '' 
 `` how so ? '' 
 discomfort oozed from her pores . 
 she shifted her weight . 
 `` we did n't really fit in with the regular crowd . 
 that 's probably a big reason we bonded so quickly . '' 
 `` specifics ? '' 
 `` you 're not getting any . '' 
 his shark instincts flamed to life . 
 slade tabled the topic for a later discussion when she was off guard . 
 `` what was your degree in ? '' 
 `` business management . 
 i always dreamed of being an entrepreneur but was n't sure what i wanted to focus on . 
 arilyn graduated with a degree in counseling , and ken in media and communications . 
 we pursued careers for a while but found everywhere lacking . 
 one night we got drunk on cosmopolitans and came up with this whole idea of a matchmaking agency . '' 
 `` women still drink those , huh ? '' 
 `` we do . '' 
 her eyes sparkled with the memory . 
 `` we were hung over the next morning but still agreed it was the best idea we ever had . 
 we pooled our resources , our talent , and moved forward . '' 
 he loved the gutsiness . 
 most grown men he knew sat around whining because they hated their jobs but were too afraid to take any risks . 
 `` why verily ? 
 i 'd think you can make a hell of a lot more money in manhattan . '' 
 `` we did n't want to go head-to-head with some of the big names in the city . 
 spindel , kelleher , and many others would blow us out of the water . 
 verily has the perfect mix of young , career-oriented twenty - or thirtysomething professionals . 
 it gives us the majority of the market , introduces us to a new client base , but is still close enough to manhattan so we can host events there and still recruit . 
 our focus is the twenty-five to thirty-five bracket , and we do n't accept clients outside those barriers . 
 gives us a special niche . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` nice move . 
 here 's to brilliant drunken ideas . '' 
 he clicked his glass to hers , and her lips curved in a genuine smile . 
 what was it about the angles of her face , the fall of her hair over her brow , the stubborn tilt to her chin ? 
 separately they were nothing extraordinary . 
 together , they held him almost ... spellbound . 
 yeah , let 's get married and have babies 'cause you like the way she looks . 
 that 'll work . 
 he ignored the ted-type voice in his head . 
 somehow , he did n't get the image of a funny teddy bear . 
 more like a gleeful devil boy with black teeth . 
 he shuddered at his mental insanity and refocused on the conversation . 
 `` how successful have you been ? '' 
 `` ten marriages in three years . 
 a good percentage of engagements . 
 not bad stats , and hopefully we 'll have more good news this year . '' 
 `` divorces yet ? '' 
 she bared her teeth . 
 `` no . 
 but if i get the call , i 'll send them over . 
 try to leave the cynicism at home on your date with hannah , please . '' 
 `` of course . 
 i 'm very good on first dates . '' 
 `` yes , i 'm sure my challenge will be getting her not to dump you by the third . 
 statistically , that 's when elements of a true personality begin to leak out . '' 
 `` ouch . 
 do n't you need to believe in your clients ? '' 
 a shimmering lock of angel gold slid over her cheek . 
 she pushed it back . 
 `` no . 
 i just need to match you . '' 
 his gaze locked with hers . 
 raw heat slithered in his veins and scratched at his skin . 
 god , he longed to back her up against the wall and kiss that haughty expression off her face . 
 make her moan while he slid his fingers between her thighs and torture her for mouthing off . 
 if she shocked him again , would it be like pushing into fire ? 
 his pants tented and slade controlled his breathing to stave off an embarrassing scene . 
 he needed to remember why he was putting himself through this whole charade . 
 why hooking up with his matchmaker would be a disaster , chemistry aside . 
 his sister . 
 prove them fraudulent and protect jane . 
 though lately , the idea they were true con artists was drifting away . 
 lately , he 'd begun to think they actually believed in this ridiculous happily-ever-after nonsense . 
 and if they were n't straight criminals and just misguided , he had a bigger problem on his hands . 
 because belief and hope in a concept that really did n't exist was neither a crime nor punishable by law . 
 slade deftly changed the subject . 
 `` are ken and arilyn married ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he pondered the answer and jabbed off the cuff to try and wring out some truth . 
 `` so , if you 're a witch and cast spells , how come you did n't find love for your two best friends ? '' 
 the air between them heightened . 
 kate gripped the wineglass so tightly he worried it would shatter within her grip . 
 `` they 're not ready . 
 i was only being facetious , counselor . 
 making sure you wo n't be able to sue me for any misguided claims such as love spells that fail . '' 
 `` that 's what you wanted me to think , but i still do n't believe you . '' 
 she gave a delicate shrug . 
 `` that is your right . '' 
 he decided to push . 
 `` do you light up most men you touch ? '' 
 kate stiffened . 
 `` i do n't know what you mean . '' 
 `` yes , you do . 
 that was no regular kiss . 
 it was something else , and you do n't want to admit it . '' 
 bingo . 
 the distance shrank and temper lifted her chin . 
 `` do n't kiss me anymore and you wo n't have any problems . '' 
 `` that is a problem . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 he dropped his voice . 
 `` because i like kissing you . '' 
 she jerked . 
 `` trust me ; i 'm the complete opposite of what you need . '' 
 `` how do you know what i need ? '' 
 his flirty tone seemed to piss her off . 
 sparks shot from ocean-blue eyes and reminded him of a tsunami of temper . 
 `` because i interviewed you , remember ? 
 the only reason you 're suddenly interested in me is some perverse masculine challenge to win me over because i do n't like you . '' 
 damn , this was more fun than his last court battle . 
 `` why would n't you like me ? 
 i 'm charming , successful , intelligent , and a great lover . 
 wan na test me out ? '' 
 her gaze narrowed . 
 `` i know your game , montgomery . 
 you signed up for this thing as a joke and to keep an eye on your sister . 
 you think you 'll waltz through these dates , and i 'll keep you amused while you poke at me and have your fun . 
 but i 've got news for you . 
 i play by my own rules , and by the end of this contract , i 'll rip down those neat little walls you built and show you what it 's like to be in love . 
 real love . 
 not the kind of crap you play at . 
 i 'm gon na do it for two reasons . 
 one , i 'm damn good at my job . '' 
 `` what 's the second ? '' 
 she smiled , slow and deliberate , imitating the symbol of eve and everything a man would give up just for a taste of a poison apple . 
 `` because payback is a bitch . '' 
 his heart thundered at her warning , almost as if she had cast a spell on him like a hard-core gypsy . 
 she put her glass on the bar and spun on her heel . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` home . 
 my party mood has disappeared and someone is waiting for me . 
 someone who reminds me that love and emotion are real , and not some mocking game played by arrogant lawyers . '' 
 a strange panic stirred in his gut . 
 `` you did n't tell me you were in a serious relationship ! 
 who 's waiting home for you ? '' 
 she threw him a pitying glance . 
 `` his name is robert , and you 're not worthy to say his name . 
 good night . '' 
 kate stalked off and left him wondering if he 'd pushed both of them too far . 
 who the hell was robert ? 
 and why did he care ? 
 `` baby , you 're here ! '' 
 kate stepped over the threshold and got smothered by her mother 's enthusiastic greeting . 
 strong , tanned arms wrapped around her neck and squeezed like a pumped-up boa constrictor . 
 the familiar scents of incense and pot drifted in the air of the cozy lake house in upstate new york , luring pedestrians through the doors with a promise of pleasure . 
 kate hugged her back and fought off the rest of the embrace in order to breathe . 
 `` mom , what if you get busted by the police ? 
 for god 's sake , at least close the door and windows when you smoke . '' 
 madeline seymour laughed and shook her head in easy amusement . 
 white-blonde hair similar to kate 's shimmered in the rays of sunlight . 
 `` no one wants to arrest an old lady , darling . 
 want some ? 
 you 're way too tense , i can tell from the set of your shoulders . '' 
 her mother 's tall , elegant body was clad in hot pink yoga pants , halter top , and her usual bamboo beads to promote health . 
 her bare feet padded over the worn wooden floors toward the back of her makeshift workout/meditation/drug studio . 
 kate had been raised in the hippie era where free love , peace , health , and spiritual kindness are the tokens of a good life . 
 madeline ate only vegetarian foods , wore organic clothing , grew an herbal garden to rival vitamin world , and held retreats at her lake bungalow for women searching for their inner goddess . 
 when kate was a teenager , she 'd caught sight of her mother on a harvest moon night , nak * d and singing with a bunch of other females around a fire . 
 that had ended in an epic battle with tears , rage , and a vow to never talk to her mother for embarrassing her like that again . 
 kate respected the philosophies her parents raised her with but had n't dealt easily with combining the real world she craved with her mother 's cringe-worthy ideals . 
 arilyn , of course , adored her and said madeline was the last great hippie left in new york . 
 kate shrugged out of her coat and eased onto a purple-seated cushioned chair . 
 the buddha statue dominated the room , with wildly painted murals on the wall to inspire relaxation and flow . 
 `` no , thanks . 
 sobriety is a goal of mine . '' 
 her mother floated across the room and settled on a plump gold cushion on the floor . 
 she hit the remote button and the sounds of chanting monks cut abruptly off . 
 `` i just finished my yoga practice and decided to meditate before my client tonight . 
 he 's having some problems with impotency , and i thought we 'd try some controversial methods . 
 i need clarity beforehand . '' 
 even after all these years , knowing her mother was a sex therapist still had the same affect . 
 sheer discomfort . 
 then guilt . 
 who wanted to think of a parent hav ** g s * x , let alone with a bunch of strangers in order to help them ? 
 besides not being able to speak clearly , she grew up trying to hide her mother 's occupation from the world . 
 `` tmi , mom , '' she said . 
 `` sorry , dear . 
 now , what brings you ? 
 it 's been a while . '' 
 kate squirmed . 
 `` i 'm sorry ; i 've been so busy with kinnections . 
 are you okay out here ? 
 you 'd tell me if you needed anything , right ? '' 
 madeline smiled . 
 in her late fifties , her face glowed like a younger woman 's , unlined , smooth as glass , soft as butter . 
 deep blue eyes lit up her face , reminding kate of michelle pfeiffer , a beautiful presence most people could n't stand to look away from . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 seeing someone new who 's wonderful and making me happy . 
 are you hav ** g s * x , dear ? '' 
 kate sighed . 
 `` sure , mom . 
 i 'm having lots of sex , thanks for asking . '' 
 `` do n't lie . 
 you 're so stopped up with emotion my skin is tingling . 
 how many times have i told you a good orgasm is a release of toxins in both the body and mind ? 
 did you get the vibrator i sent you last week ? '' 
 this was so not happening . 
 no wonder she never visited . 
 kate fought for calm . 
 `` i got it . 
 there are so many speeds and buttons it 's taking me a while to go through the instruction manual . 
 umm , can we focus here ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 tell me the problem . '' 
 `` i j-j-just had a few questions . 
 about dad . 
 about the touch . '' 
 madeline nodded in encouragement . 
 `` you can ask me anything . 
 you know how much i loved your father and i 'd never hide anything from you . '' 
 yes . 
 how many times had she prayed to not know certain information ? 
 sometimes she felt as if she was born into a family she never understood or identified with until the touch had visited her and she realized she was blood . 
 she was only fourteen when her father passed from a heart attack , and she 'd been enraged at her mother 's ability to move on . 
 until she came to understand later that it was the only way madeline knew how to cope with the loss of her soul mate . 
 the other men were mere distractions in a world that had seeped color and a desperate attempt to fill a void only her father managed to soothe . 
 for one strange instant , an image of slade drifted past her vision . 
 what was one of the requirements on his list for his perfect woman ? 
 no embarrassing family secrets . 
 good god , he 'd go screaming for the hills of the sound of music if he got one good look at her mother and heard her history . 
 and why the hell was she thinking of him again anyway ? 
 his date with hannah tonight would be perfect . 
 she 'd left him a polite voicemail message asking if he needed any advice or support and he never got back to her . 
 obviously , he had everything under control . 
 she just hoped he did n't break her ironclad rules and try to seduce hannah . 
 `` kate ? 
 you said you had questions ? '' 
 she dragged herself back to the present and swore she would n't think about slade montgomery again . 
 ever . 
 for real . 
 `` i know you used to tell me about how you connected with dad immediately on contact . 
 but now i want to hear specifics . 
 was it a gut feeling ? 
 did you get dizzy ? 
 or did your skin tingle ? '' 
 madeline smiled with the memory . 
 `` oh , no , it was much more intense than that . 
 your father and i went to shake hands and an electrical shock jolted us immediately . 
 it was the strangest thing-almost like i stuck a wet finger in a socket . 
 benjamin franklin 's famous kite had nothing on us . '' 
 shit . 
 kate tucked her hair behind her ear and studied the whirling patterns of the bamboo floor . 
 just a coincidence . 
 `` after the shock , did you get a sense he was meant for you ? 
 or was it just a physical chemistry ? '' 
 `` sure , it was sexual , but that type of buzz comes once in a lifetime . 
 it always has for our family . 
 your grandmother experienced the same symptoms with your grandfather , and so on , dating back for generations . 
 do n't worry , darling , when you feel it you 'll know . 
 there 's no possibility of denying it . 
 and when you do , it is literally the most earth-shattering sex you have ever experienced . '' 
 kate ignored her own crazy staccato heartbeat and dove straight in . 
 `` it happened to me . '' 
 madeline stared at her , eyes wide . 
 her voice dropped to an intimate whisper . 
 `` you met the one ? '' 
 no way . 
 kate jumped to her feet and paced . 
 she 'd never wanted a joint so bad in her whole frickin ' life . 
 kennedy would have a field day with this one . 
 `` no , that 's the problem . 
 he 's not the one . 
 so not the one . 
 but i think it means something else that we missed . 
 he 's a client at kinnections , and i think i 'm meant to find him his soul mate . 
 i 'm convinced it 's a weird third-party factor misfire . '' 
 for the first time in years , she caught a seriousness to her mother 's face that caused her gut to free-fall . 
 why had she thought this would be simple ? 
 a quick explanation , an easy visit , and a return to her normal life ? 
 `` there 's never a mistake with the touch , '' madeline stated firmly . 
 `` i know you 've fought me on this , but it will be easier if you accept that this man is meant for you . 
 what 's wrong with him ? 
 why do you think he could n't be your match ? '' 
 `` b-b-b-because he 's everything i do n't want ! '' 
 the nerves rose up and choked her , strangling the free flow of words she needed as desperately as air . 
 kate took a breath , pictured the blank screen , and heard the faint sound of music to soften her syllables . 
 when she spoke again , she had calmed . 
 `` he 's not right for me . 
 once someone in our family experiences the touch , what happens if the person denies it ? 
 or what if it 's wrong ? 
 has that ever happened ? '' 
 madeline turned away . 
 studied the bright orange buddha statue as if it could answer her question . 
 `` well , it has happened once . 
 before your grandmother . 
 a cousin of ours experienced the touch , but felt as if it was wrong . 
 so she did n't marry him . '' 
 finally . 
 she stopped pacing and leaned forward . 
 `` now we 're getting somewhere . 
 what happened ? '' 
 her mother reached out to the small drawer with trembling fingers and slid out a joint . 
 kate stomped down on her disapproval and hoped breathing in the smoke would get her a contact high to calm her down . 
 `` i ca n't tell you . '' 
 impatience nipped at her nerves . 
 `` what do you mean you ca n't tell me ? 
 you just said you 'd tell me everything i asked . 
 what 's the big deal ? '' 
 again , madeline 's eyes refused to meet hers . 
 `` it 's just a rumor . 
 you can not deny the touch , a gift given by god . 
 if you do , there are consequences . '' 
 a shiver raced down her spine . 
 she felt as if she 'd been dropped into a horror movie . 
 `` mom , i do n't have time for spooks . 
 what type of consequences ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i never learned the whole story of my cousin rose . 
 my grandmother told me it was a lesson not to deny the man meant for you . '' 
 kate snorted . 
 `` great , we are a bunch of witches . 
 i 'm not gon na get burned at the stake , am i ? '' 
 `` do n't make fun . 
 that was a tragic time in women 's history . '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 she rubbed her temples and tried to focus . 
 `` okay , so something bad happens if you deny the gift . 
 i do n't think i 'm denying it . 
 i think it 's stopped up and i 'm sensing a connection with one of our other clients . '' 
 madeline took a hit . 
 the smoke seemed to give her the courage needed to look up . 
 `` be careful , darling . 
 this is dangerous territory . 
 no one in the family has used the gift as well as you do . 
 you 've been able to turn it into a pathway for people to meet their mates . 
 if you deny your own fate , you do n't know what you will unleash . '' 
 `` yeah , consequences we do n't know or you ca n't tell me . 
 great . 
 thanks for the info , mom . 
 so , you 're saying that everyone who experiences the touch for themselves just accepts it ? 
 how did you explain that to dad ? 
 or what if you connect with a random guy on the street ? 
 do you chase him down , screaming if you do n't get married , you 'll get screwed by consequences ? '' 
 madeline sighed . 
 `` each situation is different . 
 of course , marriage does n't happen overnight . 
 your father and i dated for almost a year before we married , but the connection helped open a flow between us that was vital to the relationship . 
 has this man pursued you ? 
 shown any interest other than being a standard client of kinnections ? 
 do you have any type of relationship with this man ? '' 
 kate remembered the way he trailed her at the bar . 
 the way he stripped her mentally , challenged her snarkiness , and generally pissed her off . 
 remembered the stark beauty of his kiss , mouth to mouth , skin to skin , wringing away any rational thought except the need to be his . 
 was that a relationship ? 
 or her own brand of crazy ? 
 `` he 's just a client , '' she said firmly . 
 `` nothing more , nothing less . '' 
 madeline nodded . 
 `` if there 's no obvious flow , you should be okay . '' 
 `` define flow . '' 
 `` opportunities to see each other . 
 talk , share information . 
 each time an encounter of intimacy is formed , it makes the touch stronger and more vibrant . 
 you never did anything other than touch , right ? '' 
 ah , crap . 
 `` well , we kind of kissed . 
 but it was really quick and it 'll never happen again . '' 
 fear skittered over madeline 's features . 
 `` was it electric ? 
 the best kiss you ever had ? '' 
 yes . 
 `` no , '' she said firmly . 
 `` it w-w-was good , but not the best . '' 
 her mother gave her the look . 
 `` fine , '' she huffed . 
 `` it was the best kiss i ever had . '' 
 `` this is very bad , kate . 
 very bad . '' 
 irritation kicked in . 
 for goodness ' sake , she did n't believe in witchery and spooks . 
 she made a mental note to shift slade over to kennedy as his main contact . 
 if she backed off , the whole thing would go away . 
 `` and if i decide to block this type of encounter ? '' 
 her mother frowned . 
 `` you will cause the energy to be disrupted . 
 and then cons - '' `` yeah , i know , '' she interrupted . 
 `` consequences will form . '' 
 `` why is this man so wrong for you ? 
 has he caused heartbreak to others ? '' 
 kate eyed the joint with envy . 
 `` he 's a divorce lawyer . '' 
 her mother jerked back with sheer horror . 
 `` oh , no ! 
 negative energy probably invaded his entire aura . 
 and i wished for so much more for your match , '' she moaned . 
 `` he 's not my match . 
 i 'm telling you it 's a mistake . 
 i 'll fix it . '' 
 she sucked in a deep breath of the sweetly sick smoke and hoped she 'd get a good contact high . 
 at this point , no consequences could compete with the hell of spending more time with slade montgomery . 
 he pushed too many buttons , and they were obviously wrong for each other . 
 there must be another explanation for their connection . 
 her phone bleeped out maroon 5 `` payphone '' and she clicked the button . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` i need you . 
 now . '' 
 his voice leaked over the phone , all hot and creamy , like the favorite hot fudge and caramel sundaes she tried to avoid . 
 kate blinked through the smoke . 
 `` what 's up ? 
 do n't tell me you 're canceling your date with hannah , that 's just plain rude . 
 and how did you get my cell number ? '' 
 he practically hissed at her through the phone . 
 `` never mind , i 'm in trouble and it 's all your fault . '' 
 `` i never even touched you , the baby 's not mine . '' 
 `` you 're a real laugh riot . '' 
 kate rolled her eyes and propped her phone up by her ear . 
 `` listen up . 
 hannah canceled our date . 
 she came down with the flu bug , was trying to make it 'cause she felt bad , but decided to pull out an hour beforehand . '' 
 `` well , that sucks , but it 's not her fault . 
 did you reschedule ? '' 
 `` i do n't care about rescheduling , i care about having a dinner date tonight . '' 
 she stretched out her legs and rested comfortably against the cushions . 
 her mother busied herself with pouring another cup of her japanese tea . 
 `` sorry , not understanding . 
 you ca n't go out to dinner alone ? 
 then order takeout . '' 
 she heard the gnash of his teeth over the line . 
 `` you 're not listening to me . 
 i need a date here , at my doorstep , in one hour . 
 i 'm about to walk into a huge business dinner where everyone has a date except me . 
 i 'm up for partnership , i need to make a good impression , and if i do n't show with someone fabulous it 'll take away some major points . 
 i have n't worked this hard to screw it up now . '' 
 the true facts of his statement hit her in the gut like a sucker punch . 
 holy crap . 
 his intimate , first date with hannah was really a business function ? 
 hot , pure anger pumped through her veins . 
 `` wait a minute . 
 are you trying to tell me for your first date with hannah you planned to drag her to a business dinner ? 
 no alone time ? 
 you expected her to dazzle your partners on your terms and used my company to do it ? '' 
 a short silence hummed . 
 `` you 're twisting my words , and i have no time for this . 
 i approached hannah with the situation , and she agreed to help me out . 
 said she did n't mind at all and she handled business dinners all the time with her job and with her family background . 
 it 's not a big deal . '' 
 her voice squeaked . 
 `` not a big deal ? 
 of course , hannah said it was okay . 
 she 's sweet and always tries to help people out , but you used her just as much as you used kinnections . 
 now , i 'm thinking of kicking you out of our program ! '' 
 `` do n't be overdramatic . 
 listen , you need to get here within the hour . '' 
 the phone almost dropped from her hand . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 `` you heard me . 
 i can not show up alone , you arranged this date for me , and you 're going to get me a replacement . 
 besides , it 's in the contract . 
 you do n't give me this , i have legal grounds to sue . '' 
 kate blinked . 
 `` that 's an indemnity clause for a completely different reason . 
 it states if you 're not satisfied or get stood up on a date , kinnections will find you a replacement date . 
 it does n't say that night ! '' 
 `` your lawyers screwed up and should 've thought about it . 
 since the contract clause does not specify a certain time , it can be used the night of the date . 
 i 'm invoking my right to get a replacement date within the hour or i 'll take you to court . '' 
 she gripped her iphone like it was his neck . 
 `` you son of a bitch . 
 you ca n't do that to me , it will never stick in court . '' 
 `` try me . 
 you have my address on file . 
 wear something conservative , but pretty . 
 and bring your a game . '' 
 `` i c-c-c-can ' t get there in an hour ! 
 i have no time to shower , change . 
 i have to check in with robert . '' 
 `` i can deal with an hour and a half . 
 no more . 
 and as for robert , i do n't care what he thinks-business is business . 
 if he ca n't understand that , you should 've dumped him already . '' 
 `` you are a horrible person , slade montgomery . 
 pure evil . 
 as bad as-as-as megamind ! '' 
 his laughter rolled over the phone , hit her ears , and stroked between her thighs . 
 `` a little old , but still a great movie . 
 my friend 's kid made me watch it . 
 and you must not have seen the whole thing . 
 megamind started off as the villain but he ended up the hero and saved the girl . 
 remember ? '' 
 `` you-you-you - '' `` see you later . 
 thanks for helping me out . '' 
 click . 
 kate stared stupidly at the screen saver picture of her , ken , and arilyn in front of the kinnections sign , arms around each other , goofy smiles on their faces . 
 her mind sifted through the possibilities of his threat . 
 she doubted he 'd follow through , but as the owner of a company that meant the world to her , she could n't risk it . 
 and she had no time to begin calling random clients and begging them to meet a surly , arrogant man for a boring business dinner . 
 no . 
 she had to do it . 
 kate glanced at her watch , made calculations , and crawled to her feet . 
 `` mom , i 'm sorry , i have to go . 
 i have an emergency at kinnections . '' 
 `` was that him , dear ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` yeah , that was him . 
 at least he confirmed once again he could never be the mate i need in my life . 
 there 's definitely something else going on , so i 'm not going to worry . 
 i 'll stop by next weekend . '' 
 madeline rose , gave her a strangling hug , and walked her to the door . 
 `` have fun . 
 i 'll come visit you soon , i miss robert . 
 oh , you forgot your purse , dear . '' 
 her mother went back to the room and came back with her coach bag . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` do n't forget to use the vibrator to release tension and toxins ! '' 
 kate stifled a crazed laugh . 
 `` i will , mom . '' 
 kate made her way to her car . 
 she had just enough time to take care of robert , change , and throw on some makeup . 
 no time for shower , shaving , or primping . 
 of course , she showered this morning so she should be acceptable . 
 she roared out of her mother 's driveway and headed home , using every imaginable , colorful curse to describe what she thought of her pain-in-the-ass client . 
 chapter eight you were five minutes late . '' 
 kate refused to give him a response . 
 she stared stubbornly out the smoked-glass window of the jaguar and watched the scenery whiz by . 
 the henry hudson parkway was gorgeous with no traffic . 
 the massive ship , the u.s.s. intrepid , dominated the port , and the water of the hudson river threw a million points of light and flashed it back to the open blue sky . 
 snow-tipped mountains shimmered in the distance with an arrogant force . 
 usually , a night out at an exotic brazilian buffet would 've filled her with excitement . 
 she had a good relationship with food and looked forward to trying new restaurants . 
 but the moment he met her outside , dressed to kill in his hot designer suit that cupped his powerful thighs and ass like a lover , she realized he 'd played her . 
 big time . 
 his gaze practically ate her up in all the right places , and she 'd had to jump into the car before he put his hand on her . 
 he 'd turned her evening topsy-turvy , made her rush into the city , leave robert alone for the entire night , and he acted as if it were no big deal . 
 `` you would n't have sued me . '' 
 again , his stare had literal heat and sizzle as her bare thighs tingled under the short dress . 
 why , oh why , had she worn this outfit ? 
 it was her go-to attire for a business/pleasure event when her usual black pantsuit would n't fit . 
 but she felt more exposed than ever , with the hemline barely reaching the top of her knee , and the figure-hugging royal blue sheath emphasizing more skin than it concealed . 
 she shifted in her seat with feigned nonchalance even as her core dampened and throbbed for the slide of his wet tongue . 
 she 'd never craved or * l s * x before as much as she did right now . 
 maybe she 'd inhaled too much secondhand pot . 
 the perfume and quick cleanup should 've wiped out all evidence , but she still caught the slight traces of sweet smoke in her hair and clinging to her skin . 
 kate swore she 'd never let her mother engage in such activities again . 
 at least not when she was in the same room . 
 the devil actually grinned at her . 
 `` probably not , '' he agreed . 
 `` but it would n't have been good business to take the chance . '' 
 she fisted her hands and held her temper . 
 `` do you have any remorse from your actions ? 
 you ruined my saturday evening and treated hannah like a commodity rather than a date . 
 have you no shame ? '' 
 `` baby , i 'm a divorce lawyer . 
 i left shame at the door the moment i stepped through the doors at harvard . '' 
 she sniffed . 
 `` big ivy school does n't impress me . 
 even blond cheerleaders can get into law school there . '' 
 he sputtered . 
 `` if you 're even trying to cite legally blonde to me , i will sue you . 
 i barely made it out of that place alive , and i can assure you , there were no sorority girls there . '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 kate gave herself a point . 
 seems the man was quite tender when his education was insulted . 
 something to remember for the future . 
 at least he seemed to know his movies . 
 `` so , are you going to give me the rundown on the suits we need to impress ? '' 
 he eased the car toward the clogged city streets and got immediately snagged in traffic . 
 `` bob myers is ceo . 
 travis hilton is second in command . 
 they 're the ones who make the decisions on who 's going to join them in the penthouse . 
 you 'll meet their wives . 
 my competitor , samuel flag , will also be there with his long-term mate . 
 the partners are trying to decide between the two of us . '' 
 `` sounds fun . 
 like standing on the department of motor vehicles line during lunchtime . '' 
 he tossed her a warning look . 
 `` be warm but polite . 
 they 're known to prefer executives who get along with their wives , since they have tons of business dinners . 
 you get along with other women , right ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 other than the occasional mud wrestling , i hold my own . '' 
 `` cute . 
 i already told them you were an accountant , and they were impressed . '' 
 `` hmm , do n't like the matchmaking types , do they ? '' 
 he slammed on the brakes as the car in front skidded to beat the red light . 
 `` not a word about matchmaking-that will bury me . 
 your family comes from a solid line of accountants and court judges . 
 you 're now running your own business . '' 
 `` this makes no sense . 
 why do you suddenly need to show up with a perfect date ? 
 your coworkers must know you have n't been dating anyone steadily . 
 you were the one who said you 'd tout kinnections if i found you a match . 
 did you lie ? '' 
 he gripped the wheel in a deadlock . 
 `` my word is law . 
 i do n't lie , but i screwed up . 
 news got out that the partners want to recruit a solid family man for the job . 
 some crap about a divorce lawyer you can trust since he 's committed in a personal relationship . 
 i panicked , so i told them i was dating someone seriously . '' 
 `` sounds like a lie to me . '' 
 he glowered . 
 `` since you 're gon na hook me up with my future wife , it was n't a lie . 
 just a foretelling of the future . '' 
 `` nice volley . '' 
 `` get me through tonight and i 'll come clean later . 
 i just need some time to impress them with my own credentials rather than some imaginary relationship they approve of . 
 in the meantime , try to play the role of the intelligent , adoring girlfriend . '' 
 steam billowed from her pores , but she dug her nails into her palms and the pain grounded her . 
 `` how stepford of me . 
 and how uncreative of this team you want to join . 
 is this type of stereotypical success so important to you ? 
 do you want to create a perfect life that barely scratches the surface of messy reality ? '' 
 his lips tightened . 
 `` i deal with messiness every day , and i do n't live in your world of rainbows and sunbeams . 
 you focus on the beginning where hormones and dreams rule . 
 i get the heartbreak and emotional riptide of kids , money , and hate . 
 so , yeah , to answer your question , that 's the exact world i want to live in . 
 here we are . '' 
 his words cut through her and touched deep . 
 kate fought the instinct to question him further . 
 what type of childhood did he have ? 
 were his parents divorced ? 
 she knew his ex-wife was unfaithful , but there seemed to be so much more than a simple betrayal . 
 she opened her mouth to offer something ... but suddenly he leaned toward her and sniffed . 
 `` what 's that smell ? '' 
 she ducked her head and grabbed her purse . 
 `` perfume . 
 do n't tell me your prospective partners are allergic ? '' 
 `` funny , it smells familiar . '' 
 `` i 've probably worn it before . 
 are we done with the cross , counselor ? '' 
 `` do you have a mint in that bag ? '' 
 she rolled her eyes , stuck her hand in , and caught the handle . 
 the contents dumped out on the floor . 
 great . 
 shoving the stuff back , she handed him the roll of mints and then her fingers closed on a stick . 
 kate frowned , pulling it out . 
 and stared at a joint . 
 she tried to shove it back , but his sharp indrawn breath confirmed it was too late . 
 kate glanced over . 
 a dangerous light gleamed in those emerald eyes . 
 his brows slammed together . 
 `` i knew it . 
 holy shit , you were smoking marijuana ? '' 
 thank you , mom . 
 she strove for cool , calm , and collected . 
 kate tossed her hair over her shoulder . 
 `` it 's not mine . '' 
 the incredulous shock on his face was almost worth the humiliation . 
 `` you did not just say that to me . 
 are you denying possession or use ? '' 
 `` both . '' 
 his gaze tore and pulled her apart , making her squirm with discomfort . 
 how dare he judge her ? 
 `` what 's the matter , mr. goody two-shoes hot lawyer of harvard ? 
 never got caught on the wrong side of the law ? '' 
 his disbelieving laughter surprised her . 
 slade shook his head . 
 `` i do n't believe i 'm having this conversation . 
 who on earth would want to frame you with a joint ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` my mother . '' 
 kate did n't wait for his answer , opening the door and sliding out . 
 she pulled her fake fur coat around her for warmth and teetered on her jimmy choo ankle-strap heels that had cost more than the coat and the dress together . 
 of course , she believed every businesswoman needed a good pair of designer shoes , especially on sale . 
 skipping the heating bill had been so worth it . 
 he spoke briefly with the parking attendant and strode over , pulling her to the side . 
 thank god , the cushion of fur blocked most of the electrical current . 
 he stuck his nose close to her hair and took another whiff . 
 `` i 'm taking you to one of the biggest dinners in my life and you 're high . 
 is this what you do with your robert on a saturday night ? '' 
 `` i told you , i 'm not high and it 's not mine . '' 
 she clamped down on the urge to stick out her tongue . 
 `` and robert is none of your business . '' 
 frustration sparked from his gaze . 
 a dangerous stillness settled over him , and her body roared to answer the call . 
 a pure , sexual rush hit her hard . 
 her n ** ples pushed against the lace of her bra , and her p ** sy throbbed for relief . 
 as if he sensed her reaction , he whispered his next words right by her ear . 
 `` do n't push me , kate . 
 unless you want to see what happens . '' 
 goose bumps broke out on her skin . 
 kate fought off the panic and pretended she was on the verge of a stuttering attack . 
 she cleared her mind , reached down deep for composure , and breathed . 
 when she steadied , she tipped her head up and met his gaze head-on . 
 `` i 'm here to save your ass , counselor , so deal with it . 
 now , let 's go . 
 we 're late . '' 
 she broke his grip and walked toward the restaurant . 
 churrascaria riodizio was one of the most popular brazilian buffets in the city . 
 `` any last-minute advice before you throw me to the wolves ? '' 
 she asked . 
 streaks of caramel hair blew in the frigid wind and lay against his brow . 
 his smoke-gray cashmere coat emphasized his elegant sense of style , pinning him immediately as a wall street broker or lawyer . 
 she 'd dated both and swore she would n't repeat the experience . 
 `` be charming . 
 and try to keep up . '' 
 then she was inside the restaurant . 
 the host led them to a private back room . 
 kate admired the high ceilings , elegant crystal chandeliers , and massive buffet where an array of seafood chilled on ice among beautifully cut sculptures . 
 large parties crammed into tightly seated tables , and the roar of conversation and laughter echoed in the air . 
 she took three steps down into a plush inner chamber where corporate met and ruled . 
 showtime . 
 the men rose quickly to greet them , clasping her hand in firm handshakes that thankfully did n't set off any crazy electric vibes . 
 bob wore his distinguished gray hair cut close to the scalp , his skin well tanned . 
 probably from golf . 
 he looked like a golfer . 
 his razor-sharp gaze probed and assessed in record time , and kate bet he 'd been a literal predator in court . 
 his commanding presence lured a jury to want to agree with the man . 
 no wonder he was the owner . 
 travis was his younger brother , and seemed a bit more relaxed , but his lazy charm gave him a different ruthlessness she appreciated . 
 kate assumed they did a great job of playing good cop/bad cop . 
 she nodded her head at the third member of the party , samuel flag . 
 he seemed about slade 's age , with reddish-brown hair , thin lips , and commanding features . 
 his robust laugh mocked the charade of seriousness at the table , but kate knew he was more dangerous than maybe even slade gave him credit for . 
 his gray eyes held the flat dullness of a shark 's . 
 what he wanted , he got . 
 and it seemed his companion felt the same . 
 her red hair was lustrous and thick , and she packaged it well with a curvy body draped in lime-green silk . 
 she was striking but did n't overdo it , using subtle makeup , low-key jewelry , and demure shoes to balance her image . 
 like samuel , her probing gaze made immediate opinions and quickly dismissed them as competition for possible partnership . 
 kate smothered a laugh . 
 she guessed she did n't own the killer instinct that would have garnered this woman 's respect . 
 samuel quickly introduced her as melody , his current fiancee . 
 the other women seemed more welcoming . 
 linda and tanya greeted her with warm handclasps , which threw kate off for a few seconds . 
 odd , there was n't a buzz of chemistry confirming that they had married their soul mates . 
 not even a slight tingle . 
 she always received a jolt of recognition when touching a married couple-or at least if it was a true soul match . 
 they both glanced at their husbands with a deep affection and love from long-term marriage , past the point of crazed passionate encounters on the kitchen table , probably settling for the deeper emotions of the day-to-day chaos of true living . 
 kate bit her lip , wondering why she had n't sensed any connection , but introductions were over and she had no time to process this new information . 
 she slid onto the cushioned seat , crossed her legs , and settled in for a lengthy evening . 
 the women already knew each other well , so kate figured she had a long way to travel before being able to join in the group 's conversation . 
 thankfully , this was not the life she 'd have forced on her . 
 socializing for kinnections was a very different thing , and she 'd always hated the almost political , ruthless cliques in business , turning adults into scrambling teens looking to belong to the popular group . 
 she forced a welcoming smile and focused her attention on the women . 
 the three of them smiled back , taking in her appearance and cataloguing it for future reference . 
 kate wondered about their reaction if she confessed the truth about being a matchmaker . 
 slade seemed to catch her thought and tossed her a warning look before the waiter came to take their drink orders . 
 linda spoke up . 
 `` they have these wonderful signature drinks here i adore . 
 crushed basil with a bit of mint , it 's almost like a mojito but better . '' 
 `` hmm , that sounds wonderful , '' she said . 
 `` kate does n't drink . '' 
 the words were flung out at the table in a commanding voice that had everyone nodding as if they understood . 
 `` too many calories , right ? '' 
 melody said . 
 kate stared at his implacable face . 
 ah , her punishment for his belief she was higher than a kite . 
 a giggle threatened , but she managed to smother it just in time . 
 did he really think he was dealing with an amateur ? 
 `` i 'll have a gin and tonic . 
 the lady will have sparkling water , '' slade instructed . 
 she lifted her face up at the waiter and smiled sweetly . 
 `` it 's a special occasion , right ? 
 i 'll have one of those signature drinks , please . 
 i 'm off my diet for tonight . '' 
 slade opened his mouth to contradict her , then quickly closed it . 
 round one to her . 
 god knows , she 'd need some alcohol to get her through . 
 he jerked his head but managed to play off his irritation . 
 maybe this would be more fun than she thought . 
 `` so , kate , we hear you 're an accountant . 
 you 're in tax season , now-it must be brutal , '' linda said . 
 `` yes , i 'm practically chained to my desk . 
 slade and i have been looking forward to this evening ; we rarely get out this time of year . '' 
 bob gave slade a proud look . 
 `` a real power couple , huh ? 
 ah , to be that young again with the future ahead . 
 i remember when i started myers , inc. , we had two offices , my brother and i , and a few clients . 
 but we were hungry , and eventually we made a name for ourselves as the prestige firm in new york . '' 
 linda placed a hand on her husband 's shoulder and shook her head . 
 `` he always had great ambition to be the best . 
 fortunately , so did i. '' `` what do you do , linda ? '' 
 kate asked . 
 `` i 'm a lawyer , too . '' 
 her eyes sparkled . 
 `` in fact , i 'm bob 's biggest competition . '' 
 kate grinned . 
 `` that must have been interesting after hours . '' 
 `` oh , yes , but we made it work . 
 we both respected each other 's ambition . 
 i think couples who own their own businesses have bigger challenges , but they understand one another . 
 they are sometimes a better fit . '' 
 interesting . 
 kate wondered if that was another reason slade was so keen on only being involved with a career woman who owned her business . 
 she sipped her drink , enjoying the sweetness of basil , the chill of the ice , and the sting of alcohol blending together . 
 `` what 's your accounting firm called , kate ? '' 
 travis asked . 
 `` kinnections . '' 
 she froze , the name slipping out too fast for her to backtrack . 
 travis cocked his head . 
 `` odd name for an accounting company , is n't it ? '' 
 slade tightened his fingers around his glass . 
 he opened his mouth to rescue her , but she 'd always hated the formulaic princes on horseback . 
 she preferred the princesses who slayed the damn dragons themselves . 
 `` kind of like connect the dots to your refund . 
 a play on words . '' 
 everyone laughed . 
 she took another sip . 
 god , the drink was good . 
 she ignored her companion 's warning glance and ordered another . 
 one more would n't hurt , especially with the amount of meat she was about to feast on . 
 `` clever , '' melody drawled . 
 `` and how did you two meet ? '' 
 `` i needed an accountant , of course , '' slade said . 
 `` thank goodness it only took me two visits to get her to accept my dinner invitation . 
 she 's quite expensive . '' 
 `` i bet she is , '' samuel murmured . 
 her gaze narrowed . 
 he was sizing the two of them up , as if he sensed there was something underneath the surface of a newly dating couple . 
 kate sucked in a breath and vowed-no matter how much slade pissed her off-to help him gain entrance into the inner circle for partnership . 
 `` it 's like we 're meant to be , is n't it , darling ? '' 
 she cooed , staring up at him from under her lashes . 
 he quickly covered his surprise . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` how long has it been ? '' 
 samuel asked . 
 `` a month , '' slade answered . 
 his brow shot up . 
 `` thinking of going permanent so soon , slade ? '' 
 his voice rippled like an oily snake . 
 `` you always seemed to equate marriage with funerals . 
 or so you 've said in the conference rooms . '' 
 slade lifted a shoulder . 
 `` i never met kate , '' he said simply . 
 `` one of the benefits of being older is when you finally meet the right woman , you do n't need the same amount of time to figure it out . 
 you just know . '' 
 a shudder racked her body . 
 his words cut deep , with a need for them to be real that scared her on a gut level . 
 what was happening to her ? 
 she acted so strangely in his presence , as if the false words that fell from his lips were real . 
 as if they were meant for her . 
 kate forced a smile as the older couples nodded , as if reliving their own memories . 
 she also noticed samuel 's features tighten . 
 take that . 
 bob lifted his hand . 
 `` i 'm happy for you , slade . 
 you know i believe my partners should have a solid family life , or the hours in the office chew you up and spit you out . 
 and i may have good news for you , kate . 
 i 've been looking for a new accountant . 
 with retirement looming , i 've gotten contradictory statements on iras versus mutual funds versus bonds . 
 some of my investors are telling me to buy gold instead of trusting the economy . 
 what are you advising for your clients now ? '' 
 kate froze . 
 holy shit . 
 she did n't know a mutual fund from a checking account . 
 she left the major math to arilyn and her geekness , and rarely got involved with investments . 
 slade chuckled . 
 `` no worries , bob . 
 i 'm sure she can give you the inner workings later . 
 i 'll talk with you about setting up an appointment . '' 
 `` sounds good . 
 but honestly , what 's your opinion on that , kate ? '' 
 everyone stared . 
 she cleared her throat . 
 the hell with it . 
 she tried to remember a few of arilyn 's musings on the financial world . 
 `` i 've been pushing my clients toward the stock market lately . 
 plenty of risk factors which equal growth . '' 
 bob frowned . 
 `` now , that i have n't heard . 
 i just got slammed on some cash cows , and i 'm not happy about it . 
 what are you suggesting ? '' 
 she twisted the napkin on her lap and reached for calm . 
 `` matchmaking agencies , '' she burst out . 
 melody leaned forward . 
 `` like that woman on bravo ? 
 the one with the reality tv show where she matches millionaires ? '' 
 kate nodded . 
 `` yes , but newer agencies are storming the market and will be the next big thing after social media . '' 
 travis shook his head . 
 `` i took a hosing on facebook . 
 no more of that for me . '' 
 `` love is the biggest commodity people are searching for , '' kate said . 
 `` people do n't have the time to date or figure things out for themselves . 
 matchmaking agencies are the perfect vehicle to transcend the dating world , way beyond eharmony and internet sites . 
 a personalized approach is key , and very affordable . 
 i think it 's the next big thing . '' 
 `` fascinating , '' bob said . 
 `` slade , you 've got a smart woman here . 
 i 'm going to look into this first thing monday morning , after i make an appointment to see you in the office . '' 
 kate beamed . 
 he was going to strangle her . 
 slade kept a tight grip on his calm which shook ferociously under the storm that was kate seymour . 
 he ducked his head and concentrated on his meal in order to give himself a few minutes to recollect his sanity . 
 when he called her , he realized he was taking a big chance but saw no other options . 
 he needed a date , and she owed him . 
 with their business relationship , he 'd almost be guaranteed she 'd go along with the charade without a hitch . 
 oh , she went along alright . 
 he was in a shit storm of trouble on monday . 
 she completely charmed everyone at the table . 
 she wielded her razor wit and sarcasm with a polished edge of humor that his bosses adored . 
 the women who initially stared with suspicion now seemed open and laughing . 
 she encouraged them to ignore the calories and drink with her , and now slade sat at a table with slightly intoxicated women . 
 he worried bob and travis may think she pushed too far , but they seemed amused and delighted by their wives ' too-loud conversation and revelry . 
 course after course of meat was served in an endless march of vegetarian hell-pork , lamb , steak , and chicken , all sliced lean , piping hot , and so fresh he would have sworn the farm was in the backyard . 
 each customer was given a place card , and when it was turned , the waiter swooped in and refilled plates and drinks . 
 slade could n't believe the massive appetite kate exhibited , consistently roaring through plates and flipping her card so it became a running joke at the table . 
 his charade had completely backfired . 
 instead of fighting him , kate threw herself into the role of accountant , citing her fake famous father who ruled the courthouses , and even promising melody to get her out of a speeding ticket . 
 what the hell ? 
 how was he going to explain this week when bob could n't find her office , and melody had no idea what court judge to go to ? 
 his temper stretched through each course while she relaxed , ate , drank , wrecked his life , and lied her way with enjoyment . 
 yet , he wanted her . 
 badly . 
 from the moment she stepped out of the car and glided his way with her usual frosty demeanor , he 'd been smacked between the eyes like a punch from a bad slapstick comedy . 
 she ruined him . 
 the legs usually hidden behind her pantsuit were killer-all sleek muscle and length , with high sexy sandals that had delicious straps crisscrossing up her ankle . 
 the simple dress did everything to be subtle , so it was the most seductive garment to a man 's gaze . 
 the blinding blue of draping silk fabric moved with every step , highlighting the full curve of her br ** sts , the swing of hip , the silhouette of her ass . 
 her shimmery blond hair hung pin straight with long curves of bangs that played peekaboo with her sultry eyes . 
 she was fire and ice , hot and cold , onyx and pearl , and his dick rose to attention like a new recruit in the military saluting his commander . 
 he 'd been targeted for seduction by much more beautiful women . 
 professional models , pampered socialites , and surgically enhanced actresses . 
 his occupation , looks , and wealth cast a wide net , but never had he felt completely coldcocked as he did the first time he saw kate . 
 but it was so much more than looks . 
 the moment he caught sight of her , a rocketing sexual energy flowed between them , refusing to be calmed . 
 it was if the universe were forcing them together . 
 her taste haunted him : hot and sweet and melt-in-your-mouth spun sugar . 
 her feisty attitude challenged him , her humor entranced him , and he needed to dig deep until he solved the puzzle before him . 
 behind the shell was a shattering disappointment that awaited discovery . 
 he knew it , accepted it , and still needed to pursue the path until satisfied . 
 it was the only way to claim back his power , by reminding himself there was no such thing as perfection or a soul mate . 
 for god 's sake , she smoked pot . 
 and she had the nerve to deny it , wrinkling her nose like he was dirt under her feet and she was the queen of sheba . 
 he loved every minute of her brashness . 
 kate jerked his body inside out , but it was woven within her core . 
 she had no idea of the sensual punch she gave out . 
 in fact , she avoided him at all costs , not wanting to even play the game . 
 and that intrigued him much more than anyone he 'd ever met before . 
 for the first time , he was the pursuer , and the old instincts sparked to life , hidden under layers upon layers of civility . 
 own . 
 possess . 
 mate . 
 dominate . 
 obviously , he craved the chase . 
 so be it . 
 time to test her own resolve not to get involved with him , and see if he could change the verdict . 
 unless the mysterious robert became a problem . 
 irritation bristled his nerves . 
 he needed details . 
 his gut told him they were n't living together , though she was quick to throw his name out when threatened . 
 the idea of her sleeping with someone else made him want to howl at the moon and run around in circles . 
 quite primeval . 
 slade laid out the rest of his plan for the evening . 
 she may have started the game , but he was about to finish it . 
 her own actions of heavy drinking throughout the evening only confirmed the trap she 'd now set for herself . 
 and if robert was up waiting for her , perhaps they 'd have a chat . 
 slade spoke up . 
 `` darling , we 'd better get going . 
 it 's late and i 'm sure you 're exhausted . '' 
 she caught his intent immediately and tossed him a cheeky grin . 
 `` i 'm actually having a wonderful time . 
 must have caught my second wind . 
 another round , ladies ? '' 
 the women lifted their glasses . 
 slightly drunken laughter emitted from the table . 
 slade winked at his boss and played the man card . 
 `` as happy as i am that you 're having a wonderful time , darling , i 'm looking forward to getting you home . 
 now . '' 
 her eyes widened slightly at his not-so-hidden meaning . 
 travis and bob chuckled and shot him a knowing glance . 
 `` i think that settles it . 
 we 'll join you ; i believe slade has the right idea , ladies . '' 
 he did n't wait for kate to gain the upper hand . 
 with deft , economical motions , he helped her tug on her fur coat and led her out the door within the safety of his business crew . 
 it did n't take long to say their good-byes and pick up his car from the garage . 
 she remained silent by his side , and he took advantage of her docile manner to get her safely buckled in and headed out of the city . 
 `` i did n't appreciate the way you ended the evening , '' she finally stated . 
 her voice held the prim tone of a purebred snob . 
 `` your comment was quite crude . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` funny , i did n't appreciate you showing up high , getting my bosses ' wives drunk , and the endless stream of lies you spun at the table . '' 
 her head jerked around . 
 those baby blues filled with hot anger and something else . 
 something he swore he 'd push toward the edge to see what would finally escape . 
 `` i told you i was n't high . 
 and that 's what you get for being a bully . 
 besides , i did everything you wanted . 
 i played your respectable accountant , the doting lover , and got them to relax in the process . 
 too bad for you if you thought i 'd be boring to boot . '' 
 `` i asked you to pretend for a few hours , not live the role so my boss will be wondering where your park avenue office is , and melody wo n't show up for court because your nonexistent father is dropping the charges . '' 
 kate sniffed . 
 `` i was only doing what you ordered . 
 no more , no less . 
 our agreement is now terminated , with your clauses fulfilled , and i do n't want to hear any further threats concerning lawsuits . '' 
 he shot a glance at her . 
 she seemed in control , but her fingers twisted in her lap like a gnarled tree branch . 
 `` agreed . 
 you technically held up your part of the bargain . 
 so , how long have you and robert been together ? '' 
 she stiffened . 
 `` a few years . '' 
 `` does he live with you ? '' 
 `` i 'm your matchmaker and you have no need to know about my personal life . '' 
 `` just curious . 
 you seem worried about him being alone a lot . 
 does he keep you on a short leash ? '' 
 `` no , i keep him on one . '' 
 `` maybe that 's your problem . 
 i would n't make that mistake . '' 
 she spluttered and turned a shocked gaze toward him . 
 `` you 're outrageous . 
 i would n't let any man control my actions , especially you . 
 wait a minute : you never said in our session you wanted a woman you can lead around . 
 have you changed your requirements ? 
 if so , i need to make some adjustments in your matches . '' 
 ah , crap , he was officially nuts about her . 
 the stubborn way she clung to business though her body showed all the signs of fighting her physical attraction made her even more desirable . 
 she hunched into that fur jacket as if she could hide her hardened n ** ples . 
 instead , her rapid pulse and the way she squeezed her thighs together in punishment told him all he needed to know . 
 `` let 's just say i 'd change the rules for you . 
 you would n't appreciate a man to walk all over . 
 he 'd need to be strong enough to stand up to you . '' 
 he waited for her mouthy comeback , but her obvious surprise told him his words intrigued her . 
 would she be greedy and demanding and vocal in bed ? 
 or would she melt into his arms and be sweetly submissive to every dark , dirty command he wanted to give her ? 
 `` w-w-w-well , we do n't have to worry about that , do we ? 
 you 'll reschedule your date with hannah and give it a valid chance . 
 no disguised business dinners . 
 why are we going on the bridge ? '' 
 `` i 'm taking you home . '' 
 `` no ! 
 my car is parked at your house and i need it . '' 
 he merged onto the tappan zee bridge and sped through the dark on a mission . 
 `` you 've been drinking . 
 i do n't know what type of man you pegged me for , but i do n't let a woman drive herself this late when she 's tipsy . 
 i 'll arrange to get your car to you first thing tomorrow . '' 
 her mouth opened , then shut . 
 `` this is out of your way . 
 you do n't know where i live . '' 
 `` of course i do . 
 close to kinnections in verily . '' 
 she bristled with indignation . 
 `` stop nosing around in my life , counselor . 
 you should n't know these things . '' 
 he dropped his voice . 
 `` i disagree . 
 and i intend to know a hell of a lot more by the end of the evening . '' 
 she shuddered , wrapped her arms around her chest , and turned toward the window . 
 slade fought a smile . 
 they drove to her house in sulky silence . 
 he 'd done his research , and had no problem navigating the twisty streets of verily , until he came to the edge of town close to the water . 
 the small bungalow seemed to fit her . 
 even in the darkness , her home owned a slight quirkiness and strength he associated with her , with its crooked roof , cheerful yellow paint , and postage-stamp yard with a big weeping willow dominating the front . 
 he did n't spot another car in the driveway as he eased to the curb , but the porch and living room lights were on . 
 `` here we go . 
 safe and sound . '' 
 she shot out of the car like a bullet , spilling onto the sidewalk in a tangle of limbs . 
 `` thanks for the ride , talk tomorrow . '' 
 she hurried up the front walk without a glance back . 
 slade grinned . 
 shut the door , locked the car , and strode leisurely up the brick pathway . 
 she jerked her head around . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` seeing you to the door . 
 can i use the bathroom , please ? '' 
 she narrowed her gaze . 
 he wondered what those ocean-blue eyes would look like during orgasm . 
 `` there 's a gas station around the corner . '' 
 he lifted a brow . 
 `` you 're telling me i 'm not allowed to come into your house to use the bathroom after driving you home ? 
 i 'm also thirsty . '' 
 `` they sell bottled water . '' 
 `` kate . '' 
 her name shot from his lips like a caress , though he intended it to sound like a warning . 
 `` do n't make me beg . '' 
 her fingers clutched around the key and a vicious curse sailed past his ears . 
 `` fine . 
 bathroom , water , and then you need to leave . 
 i 'm exhausted . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she pushed the door open and he walked inside . 
 slade prepared to meet an irritated man with a bad temper and a thousand questions . 
 his adrenaline spiked , ready for a confrontation . 
 ready for some solid answers on the woman who was beginning to wreak havoc with his sanity . 
 but no one greeted them . 
 at least , no one human . 
 he caught sight of a blur of fur barreling forward and a joyous bark . 
 kate dropped to her knees , lifted out her hands , and caught the creature within her embrace . 
 she nuzzled his ears , cooed in doggy sounds , and finally laid her forehead against the dog 's as if they shared a secret , silent mental code . 
 robert . 
 son of a bitch . 
 the initial anger quickly gave way to relief . 
 there was no one else waiting on the sidelines for her . 
 the final obstacle melted away and left him with one conclusion that would not be denied . 
 slade intended to claim her . 
 he studied the canine-human embrace and noticed robert 's back legs were lifeless . 
 his launch toward his owner was completed on his belly , and his rear sagged to the ground . 
 half pit bull , half some weird mix . 
 brown , spotted , with a broken ear , homely face , and an assortment of wicked scars , including a bald patch of fur right on his chest . 
 the exposed skin still looked raw , though he bet it had healed as well as possible . 
 cage fight ? 
 car ? 
 dog battle ? 
 the possibilities were endless . 
 he always had an inclination toward dogs but never had the time to pursue the interest . 
 this one had to be a hell of a lot of work , especially for a single business owner . 
 he pegged her for a classic , low-maintenance lab to go running with and not a dog so obviously needy . 
 a strange emotion tightened his chest as he watched the raw love on her face . 
 she was always so guarded around him . 
 he ached to be the man who she looked at like that . 
 now where the hell did that thought come from ? 
 `` i 'm sorry , baby , '' she whispered into his ear . 
 `` are you going to be able to pee ? 
 or am i too late ? 
 mommy did a bad thing and stayed way too long . 
 i should 've had shelly check in on you . '' 
 with gentle , expert motions , she ran her hands down his flank , belly , and probed his bladder . 
 `` we have a shot , so let 's try . 
 wan na go out ? '' 
 robert barked once . 
 `` okay , here we go . '' 
 she took out a contraption that looked like a cart , and quickly attached the straps to his body . 
 robert waited with dignity , staring up at him with the assessing gaze slade had expected her live-in boyfriend to exude . 
 kate rose to her feet and gave him a hard look . 
 `` slade , this is robert . 
 i need to take him out . 
 the bathroom is down the hall to your right . '' 
 in amazement , he watched the dog glide on his cart toward the yard , the wheels spinning madly where his back legs should have been . 
 he had no idea those things had even existed , let alone see a dog use one . 
 slade quickly used the bathroom , then stepped out onto the front porch and joined them . 
 robert seemed able to complete his business under the tree , then broke into a canter , running round and round the tree trunk . 
 kate 's laughter echoed in the chilly wind . 
 `` what happened to him ? '' 
 he asked . 
 her shoulders stiffened . 
 `` i found him half dead on the side of the road . 
 thrown from a car . 
 vet thinks he managed to crawl out of the ditch and then was hit a second time , crushing his back legs . '' 
 `` and you saved him ? '' 
 she lifted her face up . 
 the moonlight soaked her skin , illuminating it to the sheen of a pearl . 
 those pale pink lips pursed in the timeless symbol of a kiss . 
 `` no . 
 we saved each other . 
 i just helped get him the medical care he needed to stay alive . 
 he deserved someone to believe in him . '' 
 he studied the stubborn tilt to her chin and wondered about her secrets . 
 why would a vibrant , beautiful woman such as her need saving ? 
 something was locked up there he wanted to unbox . 
 the lawyer in him screamed with the challenge of delving deeper . 
 `` why ? 
 he was n't your dog in the first place , right ? 
 did n't the vet suggest you put him to sleep with those types of extensive injuries ? '' 
 the barriers dissipated as red-hot anger flared to life . 
 she leaned in , her white-gold hair a hellish halo around her head . 
 `` putting him down would have been the easy road , right ? 
 no medical bills , no responsibility , and no mess . 
 maybe people deserve more than what 's easy . 
 maybe there are too many imperfect people out there , with disabilities and problems no normal , sane individual would ever want to take on . '' 
 her eyes glittered , and her pale skin flushed . 
 her voice trembled with the depth of her emotions . 
 `` but maybe we 'd be worth a chance . 
 when i looked into robert 's eyes , i saw more than a dog with a disability . 
 i saw a beautiful spirit who needed someone to give him a chance , who 'd been heartbroken so many times in the past but had enough courage to take a shot on me . 
 he was willing to try one last time and trust me . '' 
 she blinked as if fighting tears . 
 `` i did n't care about the money or the time or the sacrifice . 
 because what i got back was so much more . 
 you do n't need to be thrown away if you 're partially broken . 
 robert made me believe again , and i do n't care how stupid you think i sound . '' 
 slade locked down on every impulse burning through his body to yank her into his arms and kiss her . 
 to once again feel the burn of her skin , the softness of her mouth , the muskiness of her scent . 
 he was humbled at the gift she 'd given without any knowledge . 
 another layer shifted , settled , and revealed a piece of her inner core . 
 this woman fought for what , and who , she believed in . 
 she was a fierce mama bear who protected her dog and believed in the goodness of a soul . 
 her magnificence floored him , but she needed time to process what she 'd admitted . 
 and he needed time to regain his balance . 
 `` i do n't think you 're stupid , '' he said softly . 
 `` i think robert 's gift in this life was meeting you . 
 i think he 's a lucky son of a bitch . '' 
 a flicker of surprise lit her eyes . 
 she paused for a moment before speaking . 
 `` he is technically a son of a bitch , is n't he ? '' 
 `` funny . '' 
 he tugged at a stray lock of her hair . 
 `` can i have that bottle of water now or are you kicking me to the curb ? '' 
 her lip quirked . 
 `` one bottle . '' 
 the wheels whirred as robert followed them inside . 
 kate removed the cart , freshened his water , and turned . 
 `` bacon or peanut butter ? '' 
 robert barked twice . 
 `` ah , a change-up tonight . 
 good choice . '' 
 she plucked a peanut butter dog treat out of the bag and gave it to him . 
 with a gentle motion like he took it from a baby , robert closed his teeth around the treat and dragged his legs behind him to settle on the woven mat . 
 `` did he really understand you ? '' 
 slade asked . 
 `` sure . 
 i ask him questions all the time . 
 we have a code ; one or two barks will be his choice . '' 
 she opened the refrigerator and gave slade a chilled bottle of poland spring . 
 `` it 's a long drive back . '' 
 he took a long swallow , wiped his mouth , and grinned . 
 `` i know . 
 mind if i sit for a few ? 
 i 'm tired . 
 would n't want to endanger my life and fall asleep at the wheel . '' 
 she snorted . 
 `` you 're good . 
 maybe if you use that famous charm on hannah you 'll end up in a serious relationship . 
 in love . 
 happy . '' 
 `` maybe . 
 you called me hot in the car . 
 now you admit i have charm , huh ? '' 
 she blew out a breath , grabbed a bottle of water for herself , and headed into the living room . 
 slade followed and noted the character inside the house matched the outside . 
 it was small , but held a cheery yellow love seat , worn recliner , massive entertainment center , and braided throw rugs over cherry hardwood floors . 
 the curtains were delicate lace , and colorful artwork adorned the walls . 
 one bookcase took up an entire wall from ceiling to floor . 
 piles of books fought for space with framed photos , strange ceramic vases , and an assortment of tiny full-bellied buddhas . 
 slade tried to be casual as he wandered toward the bookcase , intrigued by her reading habits . 
 damn , her dvd collection was respectable , with a bunch of comedies slanted more toward males , and some great hbo history series . 
 `` i like your place . '' 
 she remained standing at a respectable distance . 
 `` thanks . 
 it suits us . 
 why are you still here ? '' 
 he cocked his head . 
 `` why are you always trying to get rid of me ? '' 
 kate seemed to choose her words carefully , `` because i do n't want you to get any ideas . 
 about us . 
 my job is to find you a satisfying , fulfilling relationship with someone else . 
 i do n't want you to lose sight of the goal . '' 
 he took a step forward . 
 `` what if i told you i have my goal clearly in sight ? '' 
 the connection between them surged like a live current . 
 the air thickened , and she seemed to struggle for breath . 
 she threw her hands out like she attempted to ward off a stalker . 
 `` n-n-no . 
 this is one big test you set me up to fail . 
 you want to expose me as a con artist , remember ? 
 you intend to save your sister from my evil clutches . 
 fine . 
 but you have to prove my intentions , and so far you 've been quite lousy at living up to your part of the contract . 
 seducing me is only a way for you to show kinnections does n't work . 
 you 're a master mind gamer and i 'm not about to be your next victim . '' 
 he should have been mad by the insults . 
 instead , he had the craziest urge to laugh and lunge at her . 
 slade paused in his approach to give her a moment to settle . 
 `` not giving yourself much credit , are you ? 
 what if i told you i do n't want to keep ignoring the attraction between us ? 
 why set me up with another woman when we may be good for each other ? '' 
 her eyes widened in pure horror . 
 `` w-w-we 're complete opposites . 
 unsuited for any type of long-term relationship . 
 trust me , i saw your requirements , and i 'll never fit the bill . 
 besides , i told you over and over i do n't date clients . '' 
 `` funny , i think we fit rather well . 
 and as much as i respect your business principles , i think this thing between us is getting in the way of me finding the right mate . 
 i 'm blocked and i need your help . '' 
 her mouth opened , then closed on an outraged squeak . 
 `` i may be the typical blonde , but i 've been around the block a few times . 
 and that does n't mean sleeping around . 
 more like a ton of men trying to sell me the brooklyn bridge by assuming i 'm stupid . '' 
 `` i 'd never insult your intelligence , kate , and you know it . 
 we have a problem that can be easily solved . 
 we 're attracted to each other , so how can i have an open heart with hannah or any other woman if i 'm stuck on you ? '' 
 `` i 'm n-n-not attracted to you ! '' 
 her rock-solid composure was finally shot . 
 slade enjoyed a moment of satisfaction before his closing argument . 
 `` lie . 
 i bet if i put my hand on you-in you-i could get you to shatter in minutes . '' 
 `` arrogant lawyer . '' 
 `` confident . 
 maybe if you did n't electrocute me when we kissed , i 'd believe you . '' 
 she remained stubbornly silent . 
 slade eased in another step , not taking his gaze from her face . 
 her breathing had turned to short little pants , as if imagining what he would do once he closed in . 
 he vowed she 'd find out . 
 `` did you ever think why you felt the need to deceive me with robert ? 
 i 'm a bit embarrassed i fell for the old trick . 
 very cliche . 
 almost like believing a woman is a man by her nickname . 
 but you obviously felt the need to protect yourself from me . 
 why ? '' 
 she seemed to simmer with pent-up temper . 
 `` i like my privacy , and you were poking around in my life too much . 
 you 're a client . 
 no more , no less . '' 
 `` another lie . 
 you 're scared to be alone with me , but this fear is getting in the way of business . 
 we 're two grown adults with a strong sexual attraction . 
 let 's spend the night together . 
 you say we 're not suited for long-term . 
 fine . 
 but do n't we owe it to each other to try ? '' 
 her gasp broke through the room . 
 robert lifted his head , studied them both , then dropped back to the mat . 
 `` are you propositioning me for a one-night stand ? 
 sorry , counselor , i 'm not interested , though the argument was well presented . '' 
 he pitched his voice low and eased in another step . 
 `` are n't you tired of running ? 
 no one gets hurt and all we gain is pleasure . 
 and i promise you great pleasure , kate . 
 i 'm not a selfish lover . '' 
 `` so says every man on the planet , '' she sneered . 
 `` i 'll enjoy backing up my words with actions . '' 
 she shook her head and let out a strangled laugh . 
 `` how about i just take your word for it ? 
 my job is to find you a long-term mate , and i intend to do it . 
 i 'd like you to leave my house and we 'll agree to wipe this whole conversation from our minds . '' 
 slade gathered his forces and made a risky decision . 
 retreat with the idea firmly planted in her mind ? 
 or push the physical connection so she could n't deny it ? 
 a delicate balance was in play and the wrong move could lose his case . 
 he made his decision . 
 he placed the water bottle on the table , drew himself up to full height , and slowly closed the distance between them . 
 she stood her ground to the last minute when panic seemed to hit . 
 eyes wide at his obvious intention , she hurriedly stepped back until her back hit the wall and it was too late . 
 `` i do n't want to forget this conversation , '' he said softly . 
 he moved slow and deliberate , reaching out to calmly stroke her hair , enjoying the way the silky strands lifted and jumped under his touch . 
 he used his voice to wrap her in a cozy blanket of security . 
 `` do n't t-t-touch me . '' 
 `` you 're not afraid of me , are you , kate ? '' 
 she lifted her chin and spat the words out . 
 `` do n't be ridiculous . 
 i 've dealt with bigger snakes than you . '' 
 his lips quirked and he kept stroking her hair with gentle motions . 
 `` good . 
 i do n't want your fear . 
 i ca n't seem to get you out of my head . 
 i keep thinking about that kiss . 
 have you thought about it ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` i have . 
 every single night . 
 wanting more . '' 
 she gave a tiny moan and seemed to try and muster the energy to fight him . 
 slade did n't give her the opportunity . 
 he placed both hands on her bare arms in a firm grip so there was no barrier between flesh to flesh . 
 and then it happened . 
 slade expected a slight tingle , but the explosion between them rocked his sanity . 
 burning heat raced through his palms and burst in his gut , as if the simple touch set off a crazy array of currents that blazed one by one . 
 her slight cry told him she felt it too , and immediately his brain shut down in a raw urge to arouse , possess , pleasure . 
 his dick swelled to full staff and the blood thickened in his veins , driving every rational thought from his head . 
 this time , he was prepared . 
 this time , he let the energy take hold and flow through every cell . 
 her scent swamped him , a delicious hint of sugar and musk that rose to his nostrils and made him want to stamp and snort like a thoroughbred about to mate . 
 those gorgeous blue eyes darkened , and her pale pink lips opened as she fought for air , the stab of her n ** ples tempting him through the delicate silk . 
 her body shook and trembled , but he already knew it was n't fear , but the knowledge she could n't hide any longer . 
 `` no , '' she moaned , in one last attempt to deny him . 
 he lowered his mouth and stopped inches from hers . 
 `` yes . 
 oh , yes . '' 
 his lips covered hers . 
 kate drowned . 
 from the first sizzling touch , everything she 'd been fighting to believe , to understand , fizzled away . 
 she was ripped to the bare bones of a shaking need and lust that refused to be sated . 
 his mouth was the perfect combination of delicious heat and greed that devoured hers . 
 she opened for him without hesitation , and his tongue swept inside to take it all . 
 he tasted of mint and cognac and chocolate . 
 he used his teeth to nip at her bottom lip , soothed with his tongue , and dove deep to uncover every hidden secret she tried to hide . 
 kate clutched at him , digging her nails into his shoulders , and he pressed his body against hers for full contact . 
 she groaned with sheer relief , needing his firm strength to hold her up as her knees gave out . 
 his h * ps cradled hers , his erection notched between her thighs , and a rush of liquid warmth pulsed between her legs . 
 she tried to shift to get closer , to ease the empty ache that was slowly tearing her apart . 
 she 'd been with other men on various physical scales . 
 she may be a technical virgin , but considered herself adept in all the ways of lovemaking and foreplay , engaging in creative and intimate ways to satisfy one another . 
 but never had she been completely overtaken by a fierce lust to mate : to rip off her clothes , climb on top , and bury his c * ck deep inside her wet channel . 
 he feasted on her lips , then trailed downward to lick and bite her neck while his fingers worked up the hem of her dress to her waist . 
 kate thrashed her head from side to side , hitting the wall , not able to verbalize the reactions her body was experiencing . 
 as if he knew , slade cut through any conversation with pure action . 
 her dress hit her hips , and he jacked her up higher against the wall , hooking her leg high on his hip so she was spread open . 
 his hands quickly reached around to unzip her dress until the front fell forward , exposing her black lace bra . 
 his warm palm cupped the weight , rolling the nipple around and around , then gently pinching it between his thumb and forefinger as he watched her face . 
 `` oh , god ! '' 
 the twist of pleasure/pain shot straight to her p ** sy . 
 her skin tightened and her br ** sts swelled , demanding more of him , everything he could give in every capacity he could give it to her . 
 slade lowered his mouth and licked her nipple through the rough lace , pulling the fabric taut so the hard tip rubbed and poked against the barrier . 
 he never let up the frantic pace , as if driven by the same crazed lust she experienced . 
 his fingers trailed along her inner thigh in a sensual threat that covered her skin in goose bumps . 
 `` no more lies . '' 
 the front clasp of her bra clicked open and her br ** sts sprang free . 
 cool air rushed over her prickling skin , and kate let out a cry of relief , arching against him for more of his delicious tongue and teeth . 
 `` tell me you want me . 
 now . '' 
 he sucked on her nipple , and his fingers danced over the thin fabric of black panties . 
 she dripped with need , her cl * t so swollen kate thought the slightest rub would set her off to orgasm . 
 what was she doing ? 
 dear god , he was a client , and all wrong for her . 
 she fought off her body 's reaction with a fierceness of sheer survival , knowing if he dipped her under the seething surface of sex she 'd never come up for air again . 
 hell , she 'd never want to . 
 `` we ca n't do this , '' she moaned , at the same time another shudder racked through her . 
 his index finger traced the swollen mound , playing with the edge of elastic that held all her secrets . 
 `` it will complicate everything . 
 let 's talk about this like rational businesspeople . '' 
 his soft laugh hit her ears the exact time his hot breath streamed over her aching , swollen nipple . 
 `` i 'm not doing my job if you 're still talking business . '' 
 he lifted his head and gazed directly into her eyes . 
 she sank into emerald depths so hot they turned to molten gold , full of power and masculine demand that battled past all barriers and smashed them to pieces . 
 the raw need carved in his features told kate she was past the point of no return , that this man was meant to claim her , all of her . 
 she sucked in her breath , poised on the pinnacle of a massive change that terrified her to the core . 
 `` from the moment we met , i 've been imagining your face when you come , my fingers inside you , my tongue in your mouth , my dick buried so tight in your heat we do n't know where one of us ends and the other begins . 
 i 'm tired of being denied you . 
 now , come for me , kate , show me what you 've been hiding from me all this time . '' 
 she stared with helpless fascination , entranced by his voice and his words , and then his mouth crashed over hers and his fingers hooked under her panties and plunged . 
 he swallowed her cries , refusing to let her fight her response , using his body as a weapon to get her to give him everything he commanded . 
 his thumb rubbed her swollen cl * t the same time his fingers thrust inside her clenching channel . 
 his tongue battled hers , won , and claimed his bounty while his h * ps rocked back and forth , the dueling rhythm of his body and his dick and his fingers pushing her fast toward the edge until - kate screamed as the orgasm took hold , pleasure shattering in waves and breaking her into tiny pieces . 
 he whispered her name in triumph , helping her ride out the orgasm to the maximum effect , gentling his touch but coaxing every last shudder as she slumped against the wall in complete surrender . 
 he nibbled on her swollen lips , pressing kisses across the line of her jaw and her neck . 
 his arms held her tight and she felt wrapped in a cocoon of warmth and security , as if her body sensed he 'd keep her safe , hold her , take care of her in a way no other man before him could ever attain . 
 kate let the odd thought flow past her , too far gone to even worry about the eventual fallout when her brain clicked back on . 
 `` magnificent , '' he murmured in her ear . 
 `` i could watch you orgasm for hours , challenging myself to bring you to cli ** x in a thousand different ways . '' 
 his erection pressed against the damp barrier of her panties . 
 `` i want to take you to bed and f ** k you so many times you forget every man before me . 
 that 's how crazy you make me , kate seymour . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she held on tight and gave him what he wanted . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he let out a vicious curse . 
 his jaw clenched , and he seemed to lock down every muscle , as if fighting for control . 
 `` but not tonight . '' 
 she blinked , trying to cut away the fog . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he pressed his forehead to hers like she did so many times with robert . 
 the intimacy and tenderness of the gesture startled her . 
 `` because i want more . 
 and you 're not ready for that tonight . 
 i needed to show you what we can be together in bed , but you have to come to me , kate . 
 i have to know you want it just as bad as i do . 
 and i do n't want you calling foul play in the morning when you can hide behind alcohol , or exhaustion , or my dominance . '' 
 she managed to find her voice , but the words came out a bit slurred . 
 `` i make no excuses for my choices , counselor . 
 get over yourself . '' 
 he chuckled and took her mouth in a quick , bruising kiss . 
 `` i like the way you make counselor sound like a dirty word . 
 i may make you beg with my title rather than my name . 
 would be an interesting battle . '' 
 the idea of the sensual challenge racked a delicate shudder , but she managed to sneer `` like that will ever happen . '' 
 `` oh , it will . '' 
 `` are you offering one night together ? 
 a relationship ? 
 what do you think this can be ? '' 
 he cupped her chin . 
 `` they 're just silly terms to try to make sense out of human emotions that are uncontrollable . 
 affair , relationship , one-night stand . 
 pick a tag that makes you happy . 
 but soon , kate . 
 i do n't think i can wait much longer . '' 
 he did n't give her a chance to respond . 
 just eased her gently back to her feet , and walked out of the living room without a glance back . 
 chapter nine kate ordered another cafe mocha and kept a close eye on the corner table . 
 the eclectic cafe was a popular place to meet friends and potential mates , and perfect for jane 's first two official dates . 
 adele crooned from the speakers , and the scents of coconut and chocolate drifted around her in puffs of steam . 
 the battered oak coffee bar and mismatched tables cluttered the small space but gave it a cozy feel . 
 it was known for its bakery goodies , and patrons feasted on buttery scones and decadent cupcakes and sipped a variety of brews , from holistic and organic , to calorie-induced sweet shakes to court cavities and false energy . 
 decorated in bright yellows and greens , the cafe was where local artists displayed their works on canvas to sell , so kate 's vision always blurred a bit from the vivid and odd collection of colors . 
 still , it was another part of the reason she wanted to settle in verily . 
 there were no outsiders here , because everyone belonged . 
 she 'd spent most of her life trying to hide and not speak , terrified of being laughed at and feeling completely isolated from the human race for too many years . 
 verily wrapped her in acceptance and forced her to mingle with all types of people . 
 she 'd grown so much here and was now completely happy with herself , who she was , and where she was going . 
 well . 
 kind of . 
 the image of slade flickered past her vision . 
 damn him . 
 one full week since their episode , and he took her lead with a politeness that pissed her off . 
 he was right to leave . 
 when she woke in the morning , she blamed the kiss and her temporary physical weakness on a bunch of factors . 
 if they 'd spent the night together , she would 've regretted her actions and probably blamed him out of her own crippling guilt . 
 kate glanced down at her chic black-and-rhinestone watch . 
 he 'd be getting ready for his date with hannah . 
 she decided to put the incident behind them . 
 after all , they 'd both been curious , especially with the strange connection they shared . 
 kate figured she 'd reschedule his date with hannah and get him back on track . 
 of course , when she contacted him , all crisp and businesslike , he 'd readily agreed and refused to even mention saturday night . 
 like he 'd never wrung an orgasm from her body , or whispered naughty things in her ear , or kissed her like he was starving and she was the only thing standing behind survival and death . 
 over it . 
 she was so over it . 
 she sipped the chocolaty brew and motioned over to kennedy when she finally strode through the door . 
 `` hey , babe . 
 how 's our girl doing ? '' 
 ken gave a subtle glance in jane 's direction . 
 slade 's sister now sat with a bit more confidence , her gestures less jerky and nervous after the weeks of training under ken 's and arilyn 's hands . 
 `` i 'm so proud of her , '' kate said . 
 `` she seems to be more secure within herself . '' 
 ken shrugged out of her leather jacket , slid onto the stool , and ordered an espresso . 
 `` it was a brilliant move to pick out only two dates for her . 
 she 'd never be comfortable with a mixer , and she needs one-to-one contact . '' 
 `` yes , dinner would be too intense . 
 i want her to have fun , not scare her the first round . 
 brian and tim are the right choices . '' 
 `` is tim next ? '' 
 `` yes , she has a few more minutes with brian , a break , and then tim . 
 this way she 'll get a better idea which man she 's more attracted to . '' 
 `` hmm , well , i knew looks were n't her problem anyway . 
 funny , i think she 's more beautiful than the obvious choices because of her simplicity . 
 her bone structure and skin are amazing . 
 another reason i love a good makeover . 
 it proves over and over there 's nothing wrong with us , just the choices we make to flatter what we own . '' 
 a darkness flashed in her friend 's eyes , then quickly disappeared . 
 kate reached out and squeezed her hand . 
 `` you were always beautiful , ken . 
 inside and out . 
 anyone who told you different is an a ** hole . '' 
 ken laughed . 
 `` you 're good for my ego , babe . 
 right back atcha . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 hmm , good body language between them . 
 this may warrant another date . 
 without us as chaperones . '' 
 `` or you can just give them a quick touch and see if they 're meant to be . '' 
 kennedy grinned . 
 `` you may call it cheating . 
 i call it good business . '' 
 uneasiness slithered in her gut . 
 she tapped the edge of her cup in a random rhythm . 
 no way was she about to confess her temporary loss of her gift that kinnections was based on . 
 it would only freak her friends out , and be harder for her to ignore the looming knowledge something was definitely off . 
 other than the explosion with slade , she could n't seem to even scare up a tingle , whether she was near a couple who was married or dating . 
 sweat prickled her brow , but she kept her tone light . 
 `` sorry , no breaking the rules . 
 if kinnections is going to be a solid success , we base it on scientific research , hard work , and instincts . 
 not some magic witch spell i inherited . '' 
 `` fine . 
 just trying to speed things along . 
 speaking of kinnections , how 's it going with slade ? 
 are he and hannah an item yet ? '' 
 her fingers squeezed around the handle as a shot of rage licked her veins at the thought of slade with hannah . 
 kate cleared her throat . 
 `` not yet . 
 they had to cancel their date last weekend , but they 're seeing each other tonight . '' 
 she refused to blurt out the truth regarding their impromptu date and resulting kiss . 
 at least , not yet . 
 her friends seemed to own an innate talent to pry every secret from her grasp , so it was just a matter of delay . 
 `` interesting . 
 why do n't you seem excited about the possibility of matching him ? '' 
 she narrowed her gaze at her friend 's obvious glee . 
 `` do n't start , ken . 
 i do n't need any misinformed matchmaker forcing us together for good intentions . 
 i 'm attracted to him , but it 's strictly physical . 
 emotionally , i know he 's all wrong for me , and i 'm grown-up enough to recognize the limitations and move past them . 
 i want a soul mate , not a temporary bedmate . '' 
 kennedy clucked her tongue . 
 `` pity . 
 i 'd take him as a bedmate any night . 
 what 'd your mom say about the touch thing between you guys ? '' 
 kate prayed for forgiveness . 
 not lying to her best friend was one of her own personal ten commandments . 
 `` she did n't seem concerned . 
 no worries . '' 
 `` good . 
 did you get me some good pot ? 
 your mom has the best . '' 
 she rolled her eyes and laughed . 
 `` no . 
 now do n't mention drugs , jane 's coming . '' 
 they watched as brian rose from the table , put his arms around jane , and gave her a quick , intimate hug good-bye . 
 kate studied their interaction , noting the close body language , the open facial expressions , and the relaxed muscles . 
 a solid match , one best suited for a more intimate date to see if a physical attraction could grow . 
 jane looked so different from the last time she had seen her . 
 the ill-fitting clothes had been replaced by a pair of snug jeans , high-heeled boots , and a rich gold sweater that brightened up her face . 
 comfortable but fresh . 
 her normally curly hair had been tamed to fall into luscious waves and flirted with a pair of gold hoop earrings . 
 stained red lips was her only makeup , bringing a man 's gaze to her mouth . 
 the old glasses had been thrown away for a pair of trendy coach tortoiseshells , giving her the sexy librarian look men died for . 
 brian whispered something in her ear , and jane laughed , then turned and strode toward the coffee bar . 
 they waited until brian was safely down the street and away from view . 
 ken grinned like a proud mama bear . 
 `` girlfriend , you rocked that date . 
 tell us everything . '' 
 kate nudged her . 
 `` anything you feel comfortable telling , '' she corrected . 
 `` did us being here help or hinder the date ? '' 
 jane 's normally serious face broke into a smile . 
 `` helped . 
 i hope it was n't dumb to ask you to be here . 
 i hated to think brian thought i could n't handle a simple date by myself , but i just wanted to know you were here in the room . 
 some crazy reverse sort of cyrano , but just silent . '' 
 kate patted her arm . 
 `` no , many of our clients ask us to stay . 
 and it 's not dumb . 
 the key is to make sure you 're comfortable and relaxed in the environment so you can let go and really see if you have something together . 
 did you like him ? '' 
 red bloomed over her cheeks . 
 `` yes . 
 we had a lot in common . 
 he met my eyes when we spoke , and he seemed interested in my career and research . '' 
 `` we thought since he taught poetry you both would have an immediate conversation topic . 
 we still have a few minutes before tim gets here . 
 here , i ordered some biscotti-let 's share . '' 
 kate bit into the honey-almond cookie , enjoying the crusty texture contrasting with the sweetness , a delicious combination of hard and soft that made biscotti her go-to snack to offset her coffee addiction . 
 `` what happens if they do n't like me ? '' 
 jane asked . 
 `` then you 're not right for each other , '' kennedy answered . 
 `` remember what we spoke about ? 
 just because a man is n't attracted to you does n't mean you 're unworthy of him . 
 it 's a give-and-take-the same elements work in a woman 's favor . 
 we do our best to pick the best suited and wait to see if anything takes root . '' 
 kate nodded . 
 `` this is n't a sprint , it 's a marathon . 
 too many women get so stuck on one rejection that it ruins their confidence and blurs the vision of a man who may be right beside you . '' 
 jane sighed . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i suck at this . '' 
 kate snapped a biscotti in half and slid it over . 
 `` you 're new at this , jane . 
 we all have issues and hang-ups . 
 we created kinnections because we realized women should be having a lot more fun finding mr. right . 
 why be miserable during the journey ? '' 
 jane pondered the thought , studying her fingers as her brain clicked away . 
 kate enjoyed jane 's company . 
 once she let go of her expectations of what society wanted her to act like , her natural intelligence and charm shone through . 
 kate wondered why slade was so overprotective . 
 curiosity simmered within , and she fought the temptation to casually ask questions about her brother . 
 she ached to know more about his childhood . 
 other than his ex-wife , had there been others who ruined his ability to trust ? 
 arilyn counseled jane on her past , but kate never liked to probe just for curiosity 's sake . 
 they each had a role in kinnections and tried not to overstep boundaries just because of their friendship . 
 what jane confessed to arilyn was deeply personal and private . 
 kate glanced at her watch again . 
 yes , they 'd be at an early dinner now . 
 probably sipping cocktails while they waited for their table . 
 would he obey and wear a more casual outfit like they counseled ? 
 would he rush the date to get more intimate , or enjoy her at leisure , unveiling each of hannah 's layers like removing tissue paper from an expensive gift ? 
 would he even think about the kiss they shared or had he easily gotten over it ? 
 `` earth to kate ? 
 what 's up ? 
 you look weird . '' 
 she shook her head and refocused . 
 `` sorry , just tired . '' 
 `` more like distracted . '' 
 her friend studied her face . 
 `` i have a great idea . 
 why do n't we all go out tonight ? 
 a girls ' thing . 
 we 'll talk about men , drink cocktails , and wear ridiculous high heels . 
 and dancing . 
 definitely dancing . '' 
 usually kate craved her remote , robert , and her pjs on a friday night . 
 but the thought of slade with hannah could torture her this evening . 
 getting out of the house and being distracted would be the best thing . 
 jane looked surprised at the invitation . 
 `` uh , you guys do n't have to include me to be polite . 
 i have to work on my research . '' 
 `` no work tonight , for any of us . 
 you 're coming with us , right , kate ? '' 
 kate gave jane a smile . 
 `` absolutely . 
 we 'll have fun , i need a night out . 
 i 'll text genevieve , and you text arilyn . 
 we 'll meet at the grille for dinner and then go dancing at mugs . 
 deal ? '' 
 jane lit up . 
 odd , it was almost as if she did n't have the opportunity to socialize too much . 
 probably like her , jane had become used to being alone , and it was hard to break the habit . 
 `` okay , thanks for inviting me . '' 
 tim walked through the door and glanced around . 
 `` here 's bachelor number two . 
 are you ready ? '' 
 jane took a deep breath , adjusted her sweater , and nodded . 
 `` yes . 
 i can do this . '' 
 `` remember : be yourself . 
 relax . 
 he 's not scary , just an alien of the opposite sex that we 'll never understand but must learn how to accept and mate with . '' 
 jane laughed at kennedy 's remark and strode over to tim . 
 kate watched as they introduced themselves , then sat at the same table to share conversation . 
 she was tempted to walk close enough to see if she got a tingle of awareness but besides cheating , kate was afraid there would n't even be a crackle . 
 and that would only depress her . 
 `` if we 're going out tonight , i need to head back to kinnections , then get home to robert . 
 can you handle this by yourself ? '' 
 she asked . 
 kennedy waved her purple-tinted nails in the air . 
 `` of course . 
 wear something slutty tonight . 
 if you keep insisting you do n't want to hook up with mr. electricity , then you need to find someone else . 
 i swear if you hit thirty without losing it , kate , i 'll hire a gigolo for you . '' 
 kate sputtered a laugh . 
 `` stop threatening me . 
 i promise to dress like a tramp if you 'll get off my case . '' 
 `` done . 
 i want to see lots of skin . '' 
 kate stuck out her tongue , grabbed her purse , and headed out . 
 slade smiled at the exquisite woman across the table from him . 
 he had to admit , kate had hit all the facets he always desired in a woman . 
 besides her physical attractiveness , hannah easton was an accomplished businesswoman . 
 intelligent , successful , with a kind of humor he enjoyed and admired . 
 if he drafted up all the qualities of his perfect mate , hannah 's photo would be right beside it . 
 except ... he did n't want her . 
 did n't crave to back her up against the wall , lift her skirt , and bury his fingers between her thighs . 
 he did n't want to devour her mouth , suck on that lower lip , and bask in the husky moans he ripped from her throat . 
 she did n't piss him off , turn him inside out , and make his soul shake with need . 
 ah , crap . 
 hannah offered to pay part of the bill , which he quickly squashed . 
 as they walked out of the restaurant , he took her elbow to guide her over the slick sidewalks . 
 not even a slight tingle of awareness between them . 
 he distantly appreciated every quality she could bring into a relationship , but knew he was n't the man for her . 
 should he tell her now ? 
 wait to break the news to kate ? 
 he hated this part . 
 no wonder he despised dating . 
 he stopped at her car . 
 she tilted her head , staring up at him with an eager anticipation in her pretty brown eyes . 
 for a kiss ? 
 he avoided the whole trap by moving fast . 
 slade swooped down , kissed her on the cheek , and took a step back . 
 `` it was lovely meeting you , hannah . 
 i had a wonderful time with you tonight , thank you . '' 
 she blinked . 
 `` oh . 
 yes , i did too , slade . 
 hopefully , we 'll see each other again . '' 
 he nodded like a dimwit , desperate for escape . 
 the big bad millionaire lawyer scared of hurting a woman . 
 he was such a dweeb . 
 `` yeah , i 'm sure we will . 
 drive safe . 
 and thanks again . '' 
 he stumbled away and headed toward the parking garage , cursing kate and kinnections and his damn hormones the whole way . 
 he hated disappointing a sweet woman , but better now than leading her on later . 
 he wondered if he would 've been attracted to her if he 'd never met kate . 
 not that it mattered . 
 he was a goner . 
 the idea of one night in her bed seared his brain and his dick . 
 if he could just spend hours with her nak * d , he may be able to exhaust his hormones enough . 
 maybe even get rid of that intense connection they seemed to share . 
 of course , he had n't called her all week , giving her time to stew and think it over . 
 he hoped knowing he was on a date with hannah had driven the point home . 
 slade got in the car . 
 the idea of heading toward his empty home was suddenly depressing . 
 he could call a few friends and go for a drink . 
 but even that did n't hold his interest . 
 maybe he 'd check in on his sister . 
 he 'd been trying to give her the space she wanted , but he always worried . 
 he punched in the number on his bluetooth and eased the jag into traffic . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` jane ! 
 it 's your long-lost brother . 
 have you forgotten me ? 
 or replaced me with some hot stud ? '' 
 her laughter made him smile . 
 `` funny . 
 actually , i 'm on my way out tonight . '' 
 `` date ? '' 
 `` girls ' night out . 
 kate and kennedy invited me to hang with them . 
 we 're on our way to mugs . 
 i forgot how much fun being with other women is . 
 i think i avoided it too long . '' 
 the memory of her shattered and lying lifeless on the floor flashed in his mind . 
 slade shifted in his seat . 
 was it a good thing they invited her into their group ? 
 or bad ? 
 no , kate would never hurt jane , but did anyone ever realize their actions until it was too late ? 
 he kept his tone light and easy . 
 `` dancing , huh ? 
 sounds like fun . 
 how 's the matchmaking going ? '' 
 a pause . 
 `` are you fishing ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 look , throw me a bone . 
 you 're my baby sister and i 'm going through withdrawal . 
 i have nobody else 's business to nose around in . '' 
 she blew out a breath , but he knew she was laughing . 
 `` okay . 
 i met two nice guys today , and i 'm going on a one-on-one date with brian . 
 he teaches poetry . '' 
 `` good . 
 i want you to be happy . '' 
 `` i am . 
 what about you ? 
 dating ? '' 
 `` yeah , just got done with one tonight . 
 she was nice but not for me . '' 
 `` poor thing . 
 she 's probably half in love with you already , '' jane teased . 
 `` i 'm sure kate will find me another match . 
 is she going with you tonight ? '' 
 `` yep , she 's dressed to kill , and kennedy wants to hook her up with a man tonight . 
 says she hides in her house with her dog too much . 
 sounds like you , huh ? '' 
 he grunted . 
 `` i do n't have a dog . 
 listen , do you mind if i swing by for a drink ? 
 i 'm not ready to go home and i 'd like to hang out . '' 
 `` well , it 's kind of a girls ' thing , but i 'm sure it will be okay . 
 you know where mugs is ? '' 
 `` yep . 
 on my way . 
 be there in half an hour . '' 
 `` see you later . '' 
 slade clicked off , turned toward the thruway , and headed to verily . 
 the hell with it . 
 there was no way he was letting kate distract herself with some other man . 
 not while he was suffering with torturous sexual dreams and a boner that would n't go away . 
 it was time he reminded her of their attraction . 
 if another man touched her ... slade cut off the thought and punched on the gas . 
 kate sipped her chocolate martini and relaxed into the feminine chatter that was as soothing as a spa massage . 
 from harmless celebrity gossip to the endlessly fascinating topic of men , the subjects whirled in a dizzying array and made her happy to be a woman . 
 mugs was overflowing , but they held the prime table at the edge of the dance floor looking out . 
 pink belted out her moody lyrics , and people swung their h * ps to the beat . 
 the atmosphere was perfect for a variety of needs , from dancing and pool and darts to large tables to congregate at . 
 kate ducked her head and took one last glance . 
 yes , his date was definitely over . 
 unless he had continued it at home . 
 of course , that was against the rules . 
 she 'd preached over and over the mantra he must follow : no sex until he wanted to actually date the woman . 
 the idea that in a few minutes they 'd been ripping at each other 's clothes humiliated her , but she swore to move past it . 
 just a mishap . 
 one mistake . 
 would never happen again . 
 `` what about that guy ? '' 
 she directed her attention to kennedy 's subtle head-shake toward an attractive man staring at their table . 
 when kate looked up , the man raised his glass and smiled . 
 she automatically returned the greeting before their gaze broke . 
 `` oh , yeah , he 's the one , '' kennedy drawled . 
 `` why do n't you go over ? '' 
 `` why do n't you ? '' 
 she teased back . 
 `` because i 'm taking the night off from men . 
 but you , my dear , need a night off from just women . '' 
 she made a face . 
 `` i love you , ken , and lust after your shoes , but , do n't want to sleep with you . '' 
 jane giggled and hiccupped . 
 obviously , she rarely drank , so her two cosmopolitans gave her a rosy , happy glow . 
 kate made a note to make sure she got home safe . 
 `` cute . 
 right now , i 'd sleep with you anyway . 
 you look hot , kate . '' 
 kate grinned . 
 she kind of did look hot . 
 it had been a long time since she had slipped into her usual black but kicked it up a notch . 
 the skirt was ultrashort and chic , with cutout flaps that sneaked glimpses of her bare legs . 
 the sequined tank top emphasized her cl ** vage and shimmered under the lights . 
 but the shoes were deadly . 
 four inches of black strappy leather that climbed up her ankles gladiator style . 
 they were fuck-me pumps meet badass boots , and worth every penny . 
 kennedy leaned in . 
 `` girlfriend , do n't waste the outfit on us . 
 go and talk to the guy . 
 i 'm begging you . '' 
 kate glanced over . 
 the guy was definitely staking her out , but he did n't have the lust-filled scary face that usually freaked her out . 
 more like a deep appreciation for her appearance . 
 after all , that 's exactly why she wore the outfit , for attention , not to fade into the woodwork . 
 the image of slade and hannah pressed tight together , kissing hungrily , blurred her vision . 
 slade dragging her into his open door , ripping at her clothes . 
 hannah moaning as his talented tongue danced over her skin . 
 kate got to her feet , picked up her drink , and faced her friends . 
 `` i 'm going in . '' 
 the low whoop gave her confidence . 
 she eased over to the stranger , ignoring her nerves , and went for the honest approach . 
 `` hi . 
 i 'm kate . '' 
 the guy smiled back . 
 `` i 'm bruce . 
 nice to meet you , kate . 
 girls ' night out ? '' 
 `` yeah , blowing off a little steam from the week . 
 do you live around here ? '' 
 `` i 'm actually in nyack , but a few friends of mine love coming to mugs so i figured i 'd check it out . 
 i 'm meeting them later . 
 but right now , i 'm thanking god they 're late . '' 
 she laughed and eased into the give-and-take of the initial mating conversation . 
 his buzz-cut hair emphasized a strong face , and meaty arms under his button-down shirt and jeans . 
 maybe military . 
 when she brushed against his arm from the bump of another patron , there was a distinct lack of any tingle . 
 still , she was so over the touch thing . 
 tired of judging herself and every man she laid her hands on . 
 for tonight , she wanted to be silly and girly and let go . 
 with bruce . 
 the sexy randb strains of `` blurred lines '' blasted from the speakers . 
 `` would you like to dance ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she tilted her head in surprise . 
 rarely did she meet men who were comfortable on the dance floor after the first meeting . 
 `` i 'd love to . '' 
 he placed their drinks on the bar , took her hand , and led her to the floor . 
 his body was rock solid , but she topped him in height with her crazy heels . 
 still , he did n't seem to mind , not afraid to hold her close but still retain a modicum of modesty . 
 kate relaxed into the mating call of the dance , her arms on his shoulders , content for a while not to engage in conversation but to let their bodies mingle and move . 
 a woodsy fragrance drifted to her nostrils . 
 kate sighed , letting go of the tension , content to enjoy the physical touch of a man without any demands . 
 maybe this is what she really needed . 
 a man who could help her forget , maybe give her physical pleasure , maybe more . 
 a crazy touch meant nothing and had only gotten her into trouble , giving away her mates to other women and leaving her alone . 
 `` hi . '' 
 the familiar voice jerked her head around . 
 she stared at slade , who danced right beside them holding jane . 
 `` how 's it going ? '' 
 she blinked . 
 his inane words buzzed her brain like a fog . 
 `` what are you doing here ? 
 you have a date . '' 
 he grinned and dazzled her with those perfect teeth . 
 `` it 's over . '' 
 bruce turned her slightly , probably dying to get away from the chatty guy , but she leaned her head to the side . 
 `` how did it go ? '' 
 `` amazing . 
 wait till i tell you about the dinner . '' 
 hope crashed . 
 ice slithered down her spine , and she fought off her initial reaction like the survivor she was . 
 good , he was finally going to move on . 
 with hannah . 
 not her . 
 awesome . 
 `` i 'm so glad , '' she forced out . 
 jane gave a sigh and shook her head . 
 `` slade , let poor kate enjoy her dance . 
 give her some privacy . '' 
 `` oops , sorry . 
 i 'll catch up with you at the bar . '' 
 she nodded , forced a smile at bruce , and tried to enjoy his embrace . 
 unfortunately , she kept sneaking glances at slade and jane , wondering about the details of his date . 
 did he fool around with her ? 
 kiss her ? 
 make another date for tomorrow ? 
 that would be too soon , and she 'd advise against such a move immediately . 
 `` that guy a friend of yours ? '' 
 bruce asked . 
 focus , kate , focus . 
 `` just a client . 
 sorry i was distracted . '' 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i 'm willing to be one of your distractions . '' 
 she laughed at the half-lame line but gave him credit for effort . 
 his hands tightened around her waist and she leaned in , determined to relax . 
 they moved well together , but the song ended and turned into a pounding club rhythm with jlo and pitbull 's `` on the floor . '' 
 kate waited for him to pull her off , not used to any men she ever met actually dancing , but bruce tossed her a grin and threw himself into the dance . 
 enjoying his enthusiasm , she moved her h * ps to the grindy tempo and let herself go . 
 bruce was going up a few notches-any man with solid dance moves deserved credit . 
 suddenly , her rear was bumped . 
 a hand closed around her upper arm and burned her skin . 
 kate jumped back in a twist and faced slade . 
 `` sorry . 
 do n't you love this song ? '' 
 he shouted . 
 in sheer astonishment , she watched him expertly mimic some major hip-hop moves , his jeans emphasizing the tight curve of his ass , his designer white shirt catching the light and flinging it against her gaze like an explosion of fireworks . 
 jane matched his moves with no self-consciousness , free for a little while with the music and darkness and crowded floor . 
 she raised her voice over the music . 
 `` i did n't know you danced . '' 
 `` most women love dancing . 
 mom taught us both when we were young . 
 counseled me a man needs to know how to move if i have any chance of catching a woman . '' 
 kate laughed . 
 `` smart woman . '' 
 `` umm , kate ? 
 how about i buy you a drink ? '' 
 she looked up with guilt . 
 bruce shot slade a dirty look , obviously not happy about the shouted conversations over the dance floor . 
 `` sure . '' 
 she waved at slade and jane , and stepped off the floor to follow bruce . 
 where she belonged . 
 he guided her back into a cozy corner and tried to get the bartender 's attention . 
 `` your client seems determined to talk to you tonight , '' he said . 
 `` what kind of business are you in ? '' 
 `` i 'm a matchmaker . '' 
 bruce lifted a brow . 
 `` like an escort service ? '' 
 `` no , more like eharmony but not online . '' 
 he lifted his hand , but the bartender ignored him . 
 `` you go out on dates with a variety of men ? '' 
 irritation hit . 
 she shifted her feet . 
 `` no , i 'm the owner . '' 
 `` ambitious little thing , are n't you ? '' 
 his teasing question seemed way too chauvinistic , but she decided to move on . 
 `` yes , i guess i am . 
 what do you do ? '' 
 `` air force . 
 i was in iraq . '' 
 most military did n't volunteer their service so quickly , but she reserved judgment . 
 `` was it very difficult ? '' 
 `` yep . 
 i 'm ready to get back out and kick some more ass . 
 better concentrating on the enemy than my cheating ex-girlfriend who dumped me while i was away . '' 
 hope plummeted . 
 she looked at his angry face , now not so teasing and instead full of a bit of resentment and a whole lot of mess . 
 `` i 'm so sorry you had to go through that . 
 your service to our country humbles me . '' 
 `` it should . 
 maybe you 'll be more respectful than the last woman . 
 where the hell is that bartender ? '' 
 `` chocolate martini ? '' 
 she whipped her head around . 
 slade held the drink in front of her , a wicked grin curving his sensual lips . 
 `` y-y-yes . 
 thank you . '' 
 she took the drink and glanced at bruce , whose face now resembled a thundercloud . 
 `` sorry , dude , i did n't know what you were drinking or i would 've bought you one too , '' slade said . 
 he eased himself into the small notch between them and clinked his sam adams to the rim of her glass . 
 `` cheers . 
 are you having a good time ? '' 
 kate battled the urge to giggle . 
 he was completely and overwhelmingly arrogant , charming , and frustrating . 
 how did one fight such a force ? 
 still , she arranged her face to relate disapproval . 
 `` yes , bruce and i were having a wonderful time together . '' 
 `` good . 
 you look amazing , by the way . 
 the shoes are killer . '' 
 pleasure bloomed . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` welcome . 
 so , i finally tried carbone near hell 's kitchen . '' 
 she gasped . 
 `` is that where you went on your date ? 
 i 've been dying to try that place-it 's impossible to get reservations . 
 did hannah enjoy it ? '' 
 `` i think . 
 i had the lobster black tie pasta . 
 the sauce nearly knocked me sideways , and with the chianti , the richness of the tastes combined perfectly in the mouth . '' 
 `` what did hannah have ? '' 
 `` veal parm . '' 
 `` and how did the date go ? '' 
 `` good . 
 for appetizers , i ordered the mussels . 
 fresh and soaked in a spicy tomato broth . 
 i swear i 've never had anything better . '' 
 `` did you share your appetizer with hannah ? '' 
 he frowned and seemed to think hard . 
 `` i offered , but she does n't like shellfish . 
 pity . '' 
 `` sharing a meal is a good way to increase intimacy on a date . 
 even a bite . 
 tell me more . '' 
 `` i ordered the espresso and tiramisu for dessert . 
 top rate . '' 
 kate let out a breath . 
 `` stop talking about the menu . 
 i want to know how the actual date went . '' 
 he took a slug of beer . 
 `` good . '' 
 `` did you get along well ? 
 did you have a connection ? 
 do you want to see her again ? '' 
 `` she 's really nice . 
 accomplished . 
 intelligent . 
 you did your job perfectly . '' 
 her blood turned icy , but she forced a smile . 
 `` i 'm so glad . 
 when did you set up the second date ? '' 
 `` oh , i 'm not going to see her again . '' 
 she choked on her martini . 
 he pounded on her back , which made it worse with the electrical currents shocking her system . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 you said you liked her ! '' 
 blazing emerald eyes grabbed and held her in the merciless grip of his gaze . 
 her breath squeezed in her chest and she froze . 
 `` i do . 
 but she 's a bit too perfect . 
 i do n't want to hurt her feelings , but there 's no spark . '' 
 `` you said you wanted a companion , a friend , a long-term mate . 
 i 'm trying to keep you away from using sex as a tool to distance yourself . 
 hannah can give that to you . 
 many times the spark grows later . '' 
 `` i do n't want hannah . '' 
 the softly spoken words singed her ears . 
 the undertones of his real meaning hit her hard . 
 his body heat radiated in waves and her body loosened , opened , craving his touch and just one more kiss . 
 within minutes he changed from casually charming to dangerous lover . 
 he lowered his head to speak against her ear , his warm breath rushing into the sensitive shell . 
 `` i want you . '' 
 `` do n't . '' 
 `` ca n't help it . 
 how long are you going to torture both of us ? 
 i forgot the reasons we 're even trying to fight this . '' 
 so did she . 
 almost . 
 then she remembered his focus was to expose kinnections , and her , as a fraud . 
 he required everything she was n't in a mate , only believed in sex without love , and he was a client whom she had promised to find a match . 
 it was wrong on every level , but her body did n't care as it hummed and purred by his very voice . 
 `` it 's a mess we both do n't need . 
 better off trying to ignore the physical connection and concentrate on the better good . 
 finding you a true match for your future . 
 helping your sister . 
 proving kinnections can succeed for you both . '' 
 `` yeah , how 's that working for you , so far ? 
 total bust for me . 
 god , you smell good . '' 
 `` we ca n't keep doing this , '' she whispered . 
 `` so let me take you home . 
 we 'll end it now . 
 tonight . '' 
 a strangled laugh escaped her lips . 
 `` sex wo n't end it . 
 it 'll only make things messier . 
 have n't you learned anything yet about god 's sense of humor ? '' 
 `` not thinking about god . 
 wondering how you 'll taste when i finally slide my tongue between your thighs . '' 
 she shuddered , teetered on the edge of giving him the win , then fought back . 
 `` no . 
 you need to honor the contract . 
 if hannah was n't the right fit , i 'll find you another . '' 
 he lifted her chin and forced her to meet his gaze . 
 temper and lust swirled in an edgy mix of green gold . 
 `` are you that determined to send me to another woman ? 
 ready to take such a risk ? 
 i 'll only take so much , and then i 'll go after what you 're offering . 
 then we both lose . '' 
 she swallowed past the pain , past the knowledge that if she slept with this man , he might take something much more precious than her body . 
 her heart . 
 her soul . 
 her sanity . 
 he 'd leave her behind , sated , challenge over , and she 'd need to pick up the pieces . 
 hell , no . 
 not in this lifetime . 
 `` or we both win , '' she said softly . 
 `` you find your mate . 
 i prove my point . 
 jane finds her happiness . 
 a perfect circle . '' 
 `` fine . 
 we 'll do it your way . '' 
 `` do n't you want to pick the woman ? '' 
 `` no . 
 you seem to know everything about what i need and want . 
 prove it . 
 show me the woman who 'll make me walk away from you without a glance back . '' 
 her gut lurched at the thought , but she rallied . 
 `` fine . 
 now can you give me some privacy so i can speak with - '' `` he 's gone . '' 
 kate turned . 
 bruce chatted up a pert blonde perched on the opposite barstool . 
 both of them held a beer . 
 her plans for the night withered . 
 what pissed her off the most was she did n't even care . 
 she clenched her hands and glared at slade . 
 `` stop running off my own dates , please . 
 next time keep it professional and stop stalking me . '' 
 he eased back to charming companion and threw his hands up in surrender . 
 `` i was just talking some business and dancing with my sister . 
 besides , he 's got way too much hidden anger . 
 arilyn would have a field day with him . '' 
 she gritted her teeth . 
 `` thanks for the opinion . '' 
 `` any time . '' 
 `` i 'm going to the ladies ' room . 
 thanks again for the drink . '' 
 kate quickly moved past his rock-solid figure , weaving her way through the crowd to the restroom . 
 she locked herself into the stall , sat on the toilet , and put her head between her legs . 
 breathe . 
 no need to get this upset over something that was never yours . 
 or someone . 
 he rattled her with just a look . 
 it did n't bode well for their future working relationship . 
 she might have to step back and force him to deal with kennedy . 
 kate took her time to regain her control . 
 washed her hands , checked her hair , and strolled out . 
 it happened so fast she had no time to react . 
 someone grabbed her hard , lifted her , and dragged her deeper down the hallway . 
 into a dark corner by an abandoned coat closet no one used . 
 the smell of wood and must hit her nostrils , along with another familiar scent , calming the instinct to scream . 
 `` are you crazy ? '' 
 she shoved against him , but he barely moved . 
 `` you scared the hell out of me ; i thought you were a rapist . '' 
 `` maybe i need to show you again what you 're trying to give away . '' 
 the warning was all raging male hormones and a sexual claim . 
 kate fought between the dark thrill and sheer panic , knowing if he kissed her , she 'd lose it . 
 `` i need to change your intake form . 
 seems there 's a bit of the dom in you . '' 
 `` funny , lately i 've been feeling like the slave in this relationship . '' 
 she ignored him , though the image of her on her knees , servicing him in all ways , left her hot and tingly . 
 `` we do n't have a relationship . 
 i think you should give emma a try . 
 you enjoyed her company at the mixer , but she 's a bit different from hannah , less serious . 
 she 's a college professor , like your sister , so you may have a lot in common . 
 she 's also your perfect physical type . '' 
 slade actually grinned , reminding her of a really pleased wolf about to show his mate who 's boss . 
 `` you drive me crazy . 
 shut up , kate . '' 
 his mouth covered hers . 
 she waited for the drive of his tongue , the spark of being completely out of control while he commanded the embrace , but he only ran his lips lightly over hers , his tongue licking lightly at her bottom lip . 
 the teasing gesture played with her sanity . 
 she softened under him , all bark and no bite , but he made sure to punish her well . 
 never putting the pressure she craved into the kiss , he plucked at her n ** ples stabbing out from the delicate lace top and seesawed his thighs between hers . 
 kate moaned and reached for more . 
 he moved back a precious inch and twisted her n ** ples . 
 red-hot lust shot to her p ** sy . 
 she lifted herself up on tiptoes , damned to eternity to be his sex slave , her br ** sts swollen and aching . 
 `` you have to let me in , '' he murmured , nibbling on her bottom lip , keeping barely any contact with their mouths while his hands left her br ** sts and slipped behind to cup her rear . 
 he dug his fingers into her ass and rocked his h * ps against hers . 
 `` tell me what you want and i 'll give it to you . '' 
 she tried to force him to kiss her without the words , sliding her tongue between his lips , but he refused entry , pressing gentle , nonsatisfying kisses across her jaw , her cheeks , while his hand lifted the back of her skirt , and his finger slid underneath to trace the wet lace of her underwear . 
 her cl * t throbbed for relief , and she twisted for more , knowing one dip of his finger could bring her off to a shattering release . 
 he laughed low and dirty , teasing her through the damp material . 
 `` oh , no you do n't . 
 i 'm not letting you come this time until you beg . 
 invite me in so i can remind you what you 're missing by sending me to another woman . '' 
 rage and frustration mingled and rushed like a choppy tidal wave through her body . 
 `` fuck you and your games , counselor . '' 
 he pushed his knee in the center of her p ** sy and her legs gave out . 
 `` oh , i intend to f ** k you all right . 
 all day and all night , making you come in so many ways you beg me to stop . 
 but i wo n't stop , kate , i 'll use my dick and my teeth and my tongue to make you scream . '' 
 the shock of his words ripped a shudder from her weak muscles . 
 she cursed him and hated him but gave him the words . 
 `` kiss me . 
 put your tongue inside my mouth and kiss me properly . '' 
 `` about time . '' 
 he ravaged her mouth , his tongue sweeping and licking and conquering every slick corner . 
 he drank in her essence like a vampire draining her soul , and kate tilted her neck back and gave him everything he wanted . 
 she surrendered to the dark embrace with no thoughts of holding back , his raw male need a complete aphrodisiac to the empty , lonely corner of her soul . 
 her fingers dug into his scalp and tore at his hair . 
 he ground her against the wall , into that musty corner , and showed her everything she was lacking and everything he intended to give her . 
 then stepped back . 
 her breath shuddered . 
 a hazy mist of lust clouded her vision . 
 his erection strained the fabric of his pants as he stared at her , jungle eyes wild with desire , a sheen of sweat evident on his forehead . 
 she opened her mouth to tell him she made a mistake . 
 that she wanted him , would take the chance , but it was too late . 
 `` set me up with emma for friday night . 
 good night , kate . '' 
 he walked away . 
 kate turned her face to the wall , fighting back tears , and wondered why getting what she wanted was so painful . 
 hours later , cuddled up in her favorite chair , she stared at the television droning with infomercials . 
 robert snored beside her on his orthopedic mat , his doggy grunts and mild moans confirming some heavy dreams . 
 a restlessness nipped endlessly at her nerves , driving her from her spot to her bookshelf . 
 she could n't sleep , and needed to get her mind off sex . 
 with slade . 
 kate grabbed a bunch of books she 'd purchased from the secondhand store a few weeks ago and brought them back to her recliner . 
 maybe she 'd do some research for kinnections . 
 she found many books with kernels of information that helped her clients or gave her a fresh direction to explore potential relationships . 
 she skimmed a few , making mental notes , until an electrical shock jolted her fingertips . 
 kate jerked back , annoyed , and revealed the purple , fabric-colored book . 
 the book of spells . 
 she remembered discovering it in the stack , and the weird electrical thing had happened before . 
 strange . 
 it had occurred before only when she met people , never with inanimate objects . 
 a bit wary , she gingerly reached out and opened the cover . 
 a mild tingle traveled up her arm but no pain . 
 kate relaxed and flipped through the book . 
 the few illustrations were beautiful , and only one strange spell was contained within the faded pages . 
 an odd scent of incense and smoke drifted to her nostrils , and she shook with a sudden need she could n't make sense of . 
 crap , what if this thing had belonged to a real witch ? 
 it held some sort of spooky power . 
 but the spell seemed ... well ... pure . 
 stripped down to the essence of what a woman craved in her lifetime mate . 
 make a list of all the qualities wanted in a soul mate . 
 write them down on two pieces of paper . 
 burn one in a fire and tuck the other under the mattress . 
 kate remembered reading about the power of the written word , the unconscious magic of dreams , and an empty craving squeezed her heart . 
 god , she was so tired of being alone . 
 what would it be like to meet someone who actually believed in love and commitment ? 
 a man to grow with in this lifetime and beyond ? 
 someone who saw all of her faults and accepted who she was ? 
 kate sniffed and rubbed her eyes . 
 ridiculous . 
 she was a big baby . 
 maybe she 'd bring the book to kennedy and see if one of her clients would believe in it . 
 sometimes a woman needed a placebo to fight for love . 
 if she thought a love spell could work , she 'd be more open to opportunities in the dating world . 
 she closed the book , deciding to bring it to kinnections in the morning , when the idea crystallized before her . 
 complete the spell . 
 the voice whispered in her ear , a lilting pleasurable rumble that gave her shivers . 
 she huddled under the crocheted blanket and looked around . 
 very weird . 
 she did n't believe in that stuff . 
 it would be ridiculous to try a love spell . 
 right ? 
 she stared at the book and again the overwhelming urge to follow the instructions burned within . 
 kate hesitated , listening to robert 's snoring and the urging of the commercial to buy the latest ab equipment to get skinny and turn back the clock . 
 complete the spell . 
 loneliness swamped her . 
 maybe she needed her own placebo . 
 maybe if she did this silly spell , she 'd believe in something she lost along the way . 
 her confidence and belief in true love . 
 somewhere . 
 someday . 
 she moved quickly before she could question her sanity . 
 kate ripped out two pieces of paper , grabbed a pen , and wrote down all the qualities she dreamed of in a man . 
 her man . 
 she did n't think , just let the pen scratch across the paper in a fury , tapping into the well of her unconscious . 
 she folded the papers , trudged to the bedroom , and shoved one under her queen-size mattress . 
 it took a while to find something that could contain a small fire , but she finally found a small metal bucket under the sink . 
 she grabbed a lighter from the kitchen junk drawer , ripped up some papers , and lit the flame . 
 kate held the list over the fire and shut her eyes . 
 chanted a few words to earth mother . 
 took a deep breath , cleansing her energy to send it into the universe . 
 and dropped the list into the bucket . 
 she watched it shrivel and blacken . 
 when it turned to ashes , she sprayed some water from the sink and doused the flames . 
 a looming sense of premonition swamped her , and a shiver raced down her spine . 
 as if she had done something she could never take back , stepped down a side road that would bring her into a new pathway of life , a journey she would never have taken if thinking clearly . 
 kate swallowed and pushed back the fear . 
 silly . 
 there was no such thing as love spells , of course . 
 but maybe by clarifying what she needed , she 'd open a portal that had been previously closed . 
 damn , she was taking way too many yoga classes with arilyn . 
 she cleaned up the mess , turned off all the lights , and went to bed . 
 chapter ten slade pushed a hand through his hair , straightened his tie , and guzzled a glass of water before his next client . 
 he was exhausted , barely sleeping most nights , and his work schedule exploded with a rash of bad karma . 
 it still amazed him how many wealthy couples never thought of a prenuptial , and how many more spent millions to try and break them . 
 he strode to the window and ignored his rumbling stomach . 
 no lunch again . 
 he liked the basic principles of helping others and loved the law . 
 fitting past cases together to complete a puzzle , the rich history of the american judicial system was something he was fiercely proud of-the cornerstone of equality and justice in rapidly declining institutions such as marriage . 
 but divorces were sometimes a real bitch . 
 fog shrouded the skyline of manhattan today , and the melting snow once blanketing everything in a sheen of white had turned dirty . 
 clumpy ice balls clogged the sidewalks and roads but did n't slow the frantic pace of the city . 
 he gazed at where the beloved twin towers had reigned , a sadness always tingeing his heart at how the city landscape drastically changed after 9/11 . 
 the new memorial downtown held hope , though , and soothed some of the emptiness and grief of new yorkers . 
 slade finished his water , threw the cup in the waste-basket , and grabbed his notes . 
 his office was fully equipped with a cherrywood desk taking up half the room , bookcases lining the wall , and burgundy matching chairs to inspire clients to tell all . 
 photos of george washington , abraham lincoln , and the signing of the declaration of independence covered the walls and reminded people of justice . 
 the thick burgundy rug was soft under the feet , and the smell of wood , lemon polish , and coffee hung in the air . 
 if he got partnership , they 'd move him to the penthouse , with floor-to-ceiling windows , a wet bar , and a private bathroom/changing area . 
 slade thought the extras were nice , but he did n't want the promotion for the perks or even the money . 
 he knew that as a full partner , he 'd get to pick more of his own cases and take on a bit more pro bono work . 
 he 'd have the power needed to make more important decisions . 
 the rest was all extra . 
 `` mr. montgomery , your one o'clock has arrived . '' 
 he crossed to the desk and hit the intercom . 
 `` send him in , please . '' 
 slade took a deep breath for calm and to concentrate solely on his client . 
 his schedule was overbooked , but when a friend from law school called to ask him for a favor , slade never hesitated . 
 pete troy came through the doors . 
 immediately , slade pegged him as the beta in his relationship . 
 he stooped over , and combed his thinning hair to the side in a desperate attempt to stave off baldness . 
 reed thin and dressed in jeans , a slightly soiled sweatshirt , and comfortable sneakers , he introduced himself and took a seat . 
 his hands twitched on his lap , and his face was all angular lines , giving him a kind look , yet a bit off-center . 
 his brown eyes filled with intimidation and a bit of fear . 
 `` mr. montgomery , i 'm a bit out of sorts . 
 i 've never met with a lawyer before , but my friend trent recommended you and said you could help . '' 
 `` call me slade . 
 trent and i go way back to harvard-he 's a good guy . 
 he told me a few things about your case , but i 'd like to get a few more details . 
 everything we talk about is confidential ; i 'm here to help you . '' 
 pete relaxed slightly . 
 `` my wife wants a divorce . '' 
 slade nodded , his gold pen poised on the paper . 
 he always preferred writing his own notes longhand rather than on the computer ; it gave the meeting more intimacy . 
 `` can you give me the facts leading up to her request for a divorce ? '' 
 he wiped his palms down his jeans and nodded . 
 `` she 's a ceo of a major supply company , so she 's the one who brings in all the money . 
 her job is really stressful , she does a lot of traveling , and i decided to stay home with the kids . '' 
 `` how many children ? '' 
 `` three . 
 my eight-year-old , five-year-old , and two-year-old . 
 two boys and finally the girl . '' 
 `` nice . 
 have you stayed home since your first son was born ? '' 
 `` no , we had a nanny for the first few years , but i noticed too many problems . 
 he 'd complain about her , and finally i installed one of those cameras . 
 caught her drugging him with cough syrup to keep him quiet . 
 i told my wife one of us had to stay home and agreed it would be me . 
 my job was much less income , and with the savings from daycare , we came out ahead of the game . '' 
 slade scribbled more notes . 
 `` many families are making those hard decisions . 
 so you remained home when your other two children were born ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 my wife went back to work in four weeks because she was needed at the office . 
 we 've been drifting lately , i know we have , but i never realized how bad it was . 
 she began staying later at the office , business trips on weekends . 
 i felt like i was going crazy with no one for company but the kids , like my brain was getting fried . 
 so i packed up the children and decided to surprise her in the catskills . 
 we rent a cabin there and she was staying to do some business in town . '' 
 slade knew where the story was going as millions had before pete 's . 
 he watched the man wipe his brow , his mouth curving down in a slight grimace . 
 `` i caught her with someone . 
 thank god , the children were still in the car . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 pete blinked , seeming to concentrate fiercely on the lines in his hands . 
 `` nothing . 
 she did n't stop . 
 she-she stayed with that man , and when she finished she came out and yelled at me . 
 told me to get the kids home and we 'd talk about it on sunday . 
 you know the worst part ? 
 i listened to her . 
 just like i always do . 
 i do n't know how i became this type of person-this complete shell of a man . 
 my wife was screwing another guy and i quietly left to wait for her at home . '' 
 slade swallowed , his heart squeezing in pain for the man across his desk . 
 he heard countless tales from women , but many fewer men admitted this type of pain . 
 he carefully steered the topic back to the facts , knowing he was n't a true counselor for grief . 
 `` i ca n't even imagine how painful that was . 
 when she arrived sunday , what did she say ? '' 
 pete dragged in a breath . 
 `` she wanted a divorce . 
 told me to move out and that she 'd hire a new nanny for the kids . 
 said i was useless , and she refused to have me taint the children with my unambitious and lazy demeanor . '' 
 `` hmm , interesting . 
 i guess taking care of three children properly is lazy , huh ? '' 
 `` to my wife it is . '' 
 bitterness leaked like acid through his words . 
 `` she 's missed every important event of my kids ' lives and now she wants them because they 're a possession to her . 
 she does n't want her reputation ruined . '' 
 `` what was your response ? '' 
 `` i told her never . 
 i will never give up the kids and refused to leave the house , afraid i 'd never get back in . '' 
 `` excellent decision . '' 
 `` she screamed and yelled and threatened . 
 you see , she has all the money . 
 the accounts are all in her name . 
 i never even thought of it-she pays the bills , gives me an allowance for the kids , and i never need anything else . 
 now , i do n't have a credit card , a job , or money . 
 she closed the main account and moved all the money somewhere . 
 i do n't know what to do , slade . 
 i ca n't lose my kids . '' 
 his simple plea burned raw in slade 's gut . 
 his fingers gripped the pen in a stranglehold . 
 god , what people who supposedly loved each other do . 
 and the kids were always the casualties in the ultimate battle of selfishness . 
 slade knew there was no way he 'd let pete get bullied . 
 he was the main caretaker and had done what countless mothers had done-put his children first . 
 he 'd pull out the big stuff for this case and not rest until he got him full custody . 
 fathers were still rarely given full custody , but this case could be a turning point . 
 worse scenario at this point-partial , but with the right tools and contacts , slade knew he could win . 
 `` do you know who her lawyer is ? '' 
 `` bronte edwards . '' 
 slade winced . 
 `` super hard-ass , but i 've battled her in court many times before . 
 she goes quickly for the jugular , but this is solid . 
 i 'm going to petition immediately for you to stay in the house . 
 i 'll need papers and proof on previous nannies , and anything you can get your hands on . 
 i 'll need to contact your previous employer also . '' 
 `` do we have a shot ? 
 i 'm a father with no job . 
 is this even a possibility ? '' 
 slade stared at the man , his stooped shoulders and tired face the symbols of broken relationships and lost hope . 
 he carefully chose his words . 
 `` it 's not going to be easy . 
 most judges still favor the mother , and if she presents a tearful , broken image in court , it may crucify us . 
 i need to warn you , though . 
 it 's going to get nasty and hard . 
 it 's a marathon , not a sprint , and you 'll need to dig deep and fight for those kids like you 've never done before . 
 if you commit , i promise to do everything in my power to get you custody . 
 but there are no guarantees . '' 
 pete hesitated , hung his head . 
 slade waited , knowing this was key to the case . 
 too many of his clients could n't take the long-term emotional abuse and surrendered early . 
 he did n't blame them-many could not care less about what they left behind and just wanted a clean slate . 
 `` my kids are my life , '' he said simply . 
 `` i 'm in . '' 
 slade worked with him for the next half hour and gave him a list of tasks , some to help focus , some to help in court . 
 pete stuffed his shaking hands into his pockets . 
 `` thank you , i feel much more confident . 
 umm , i 'm so embarrassed , i know about your standard fee , but do you know how much this will take ? 
 i do n't - do n't have anything to give you right now . '' 
 slade shook his head . 
 `` if we win full custody and full alimony , my fee can be paid then . 
 if not , this is pro bono . '' 
 pete frowned . 
 `` i do n't understand ? 
 you mean free ? 
 you do n't even know me-why would you do that ? '' 
 slade grinned . 
 `` because you 're a friend of trent 's . 
 because you 're a man who 's fighting for his family . 
 because you 've been wronged . 
 and i take a few of these cases on throughout the year , so i do n't want you to feel guilty or like i 'm doing it out of pity . 
 i just want to make sure your kids are safe . '' 
 pete gave a jerky nod and turned his head quickly . 
 `` thank you . 
 thank you . '' 
 `` i 'll be in touch . '' 
 his client hurried out , leaving him in silence . 
 the buzz of the phone and low murmuring from conversations drifted in the air . 
 a heaviness tightened his chest and constricted his breath . 
 this was going to be a long battle and a ton of money . 
 he 'd have to kick in some of his own or his boss would go ape shit . 
 still , he 'd be damned if he let pete hire an incompetent attorney who only cared about getting his fee . 
 those children needed him . 
 he groaned and rubbed his hands over his face . 
 he craved his recliner , a cold beer , and his dvr . 
 instead , he had to go out on a date with emma , a woman who might be perfect for him . 
 a woman who was n't kate . 
 still , he swore he 'd try . 
 if someone else could dig kate seymour out from under his skin , he 'd be eternally grateful . 
 stalking her in bars and stealing kisses was n't his usual style . 
 of course , he 'd never had to chase a woman this hard before either . 
 slade glanced at his watch and went back to work . 
 ten o'clock . 
 kate absently rubbed robert 's head and tried to concentrate on bridesmaids . 
 she usually laughed her ass off , but the image of slade on his date kept ruining her concentration . 
 so stupid . 
 she was so stupid . 
 she pushed away the remnants of her homemade hot fudge sundae and patted her overfull stomach . 
 if only she could relax and go to sleep . 
 did she still have that joint from her mother ? 
 did she dare light up and sink into criminal activity ? 
 or ... she could take out the neon pink vibrator . 
 of course , the thing looked like it could choke a horse . 
 what was her mother thinking ? 
 the image hurt her brain , so she refocused on the movie and tried not to think of drugs and sex . 
 her phone vibrated . 
 heart pounding , she studied the number . 
 her finger paused on the answer button for a moment . 
 then she hit it . 
 `` why are you calling me ? '' 
 his husky laugh curled her toes and stroked between her legs . 
 damn , the man was dangerous even over the phone . 
 `` thought you 'd want me to check in . 
 see how my date went . '' 
 she swallowed and wondered why he had so much fun torturing her . 
 kate kept her voice cool and clipped . 
 `` of course . 
 i always encourage my clients to call and give us full feedback . 
 did you enjoy yourself ? '' 
 `` i did . 
 wait till i tell you about this . '' 
 `` you did n't sleep with her , did you ? 
 i gave you specific rules to follow , slade , and i mean it . '' 
 `` no sex , i promise . 
 but it was pretty damn close . '' 
 she tried not to sway in the chair . 
 `` oh . 
 well , i g-g-g-guess that 's a good sign . '' 
 `` imagine this . 
 tender , fresh meat that melted in my mouth . 
 cooked medium rare , with just a slight seasoning of peppercorn for a bit of heat . 
 the potatoes came with some crazy type of gorgonzola cheese , which complemented the rib eye , and crisp asparagus in a lemon butter sauce . 
 do you believe it ? '' 
 relief cut through her first , then pure aggravation . 
 `` are you kidding me right now ? '' 
 `` no , i swear . 
 you have to check this place out , it 's close to tribeca , but i never had the opportunity to eat there . 
 it 's called mums and they have the best steaks i 've ever seen . 
 it 's making a big name for itself . '' 
 her voice rose . 
 `` i do n't care about the food ! 
 how was emma ? 
 did you like her ? 
 did you get along ? 
 did she have a good time ? 
 do you even know what she had for dinner ? '' 
 silence fell over the line . 
 `` of course i know what she had for dinner . 
 pity she did n't try the meat , she 's sort of a vegetarian so they made her a platter of fresh vegetables . 
 but even those were grilled and seasoned nicely . 
 and she did share the wine . 
 i went with a peppery , spicy pinot noir . '' 
 kate squeezed her eyes shut . 
 `` what is wrong with you ? 
 i 'm working very hard to match you correctly , and i think you 're sabotaging the whole thing ! 
 how was the date without the food ? '' 
 `` geez , we went to dinner , i figured you 'd want to know the details of the meal . 
 emma was great . 
 pretty , funny , we had a good conversation . '' 
 `` finally . 
 that 's a relief . 
 when do you want to go out again ? '' 
 `` oh , i do n't want to see her again . '' 
 she clenched the phone and dropped her voice to a whisper . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you did a brilliant job , kate . 
 you 're definitely very good at matching people . 
 i 'm starting to realize you 're not as much of a con artist as you are misguided . 
 still , my sister can end up a casualty with all your good intentions , so i need to keep an eye on this whole process . '' 
 `` i 'm honored i 've been promoted to crazy rather than a criminal . 
 why do n't you want to see emma again ? 
 are you really closed off to finding your mate ? 
 i told you this process ca n't work if you do n't - '' `` i know , i know , i 'm open . 
 i tried , and i pictured us together , and on paper it was perfect . 
 but she 's missing an unknown spark , something i ca n't put my finger on . '' 
 `` sexually ? '' 
 `` maybe . 
 it 's an unknown quality a woman has . 
 i either feel it or i do n't . '' 
 the realization slammed through her . 
 all of the perfect characteristics slade had recited were for paper purposes . 
 to find his correct match , she needed to look deeper . 
 maybe a woman with more of an edge , a bit more assertive , more of a challenge . 
 yes , as a lawyer , he craved a bit of mental banter , physical sensuality , and kick . 
 elena . 
 she was a bit of a wild card , but definitely worth a shot . 
 elena would surprise him on all levels . 
 the only danger was elena did n't like to play by the rules , and if she wanted him physically , she 'd go after him . 
 kate teetered on her decision to send him to the arms of a woman who could claim him . 
 but that was her job . 
 `` i know who i want you to date next . '' 
 `` you ? '' 
 she flinched at the silky , caramel tone that wrapped her in goo . 
 `` no , we 're not good for each other . 
 her name is elena and i think you 'll be perfect . 
 she 's different from the others . 
 are you willing to go out this week again ? 
 i can set it up quickly . '' 
 `` you still want to play this game ? '' 
 his meaning throbbed in her veins and mocked her as a big fat liar . 
 no , she wanted to rip off his clothes , climb on top of him , and ride him to oblivion . 
 she wanted to claim him for her own . 
 kate imagined him home , sprawled on his couch , shirtless , all that rough toasty skin bare to her view . 
 imagined him hard and throbbing beneath her stroking hands . 
 imagined his head buried between her thighs and bringing her to pleasure over and over again . 
 she had to fight the attraction and find his match . 
 it was the only true way to free them both and prove her business a success . 
 `` yes . 
 it 's not a game to me , slade . '' 
 his voice hardened . 
 `` got it . 
 i 'm free tomorrow night . 
 set it up . '' 
 she opened her mouth to say something , but he clicked off the line . 
 kate stared at her phone for a long while , wondering if this time she had finally pushed hard enough for him to go away . 
 robert whined , as if sensing her distress , and pushed his nose into her palm . 
 she sank into the crocheted blanket , petting her dog and watching her movie and telling herself she was happy with her life . 
 kennedy poked her head into the office . 
 a huge grin flashed her gorgeous white teeth . 
 `` guess what ? '' 
 kate pushed the mounds of paperwork away from her , swiveled her chair around , and stretched her legs . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` edward and justine are getting married ! '' 
 kate broke into delighted laughter . 
 `` i ca n't believe it . 
 yes , i do , i knew they were the perfect match from date one . 
 how did you find out ? '' 
 `` they 're here in my office right now . 
 come and see them . '' 
 kate got to her feet and followed kennedy into the office . 
 the couple sat on the white couch together , holding hands . 
 kate remembered the first time justine had come in , unsure , shy , and inexperienced with dating . 
 she 'd held a small mixer to get an idea of her type and immediately sensed a connection with edward . 
 all it took was a simple nudge in his direction , and after the first date they 'd become inseparable . 
 justine caught sight of her and squealed , jumping from the couch to give her a big hug . 
 `` i 'm engaged ! '' 
 laughing , she shoved the pristine round diamond out in the universal gesture of a new fiancee . 
 edward grinned and stood . 
 he towered over six feet , and justine barely topped five two , but together they fit perfectly , her reddish curly hair tucked neatly into the crook of his shoulder , his arm naturally resting at the small of her back . 
 `` i 'm so happy for you guys . 
 the ring is gorgeous ! 
 when 's the wedding ? '' 
 `` next may . 
 and of course , the whole staff of kinnections is invited . 
 it would n't have happened without you . '' 
 edward beamed . 
 kate 's heart clutched with emotion , and once again she realized this was the reason it was all worth it . 
 bringing people together to start their lives was a heady power . 
 satisfaction rushed in a powerful flood . 
 she prepared herself for the sting but moved forward to hug them both together , waiting for the release of energy to escape that always proved she 'd made the perfect match . 
 but she felt nothing . 
 kate held on a bit longer , desperate to experience the heady rush , but there was n't even a rustle of recognition . 
 were they correctly matched ? 
 she stepped back , keeping her smile in place while her heart galloped like a mad pack of thoroughbreds . 
 oh , god , what if she matched them wrong ? 
 she always confirmed the connection when her clients got engaged or married . 
 panic nipped at her nerves , but she kept calm and engaged in light chatter about the wedding and their future plans . 
 by the time they left , kate was on the verge of a full panic attack . 
 she dropped into the matching blindingly white chair by kennedy 's desk , mashing her knuckle against her mouth . 
 ken came back and dropped into the leather chair beside her . 
 a frown marred her brow . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 did you get too much of a shock this time ? 
 i told you not to touch the newly engaged couples , kate . 
 what if you get some crazy electrocution thing that fries your brain ? '' 
 kate lifted her gaze . 
 `` i did n't feel anything , ken . '' 
 her friend stared at her , dumbfounded . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 oh , my god , are you telling me they 're not a match ? '' 
 kate dropped her face into her hands and groaned . 
 `` i d-d-d-don ' t know ! 
 i do n't know what 's going on . 
 i lost the t-t-touch . 
 completely . 
 i 'm working blind , but i have n't told anyone because i keep thinking it 'll come back . 
 now i 'm terrified it 's gone forever . '' 
 her body shook . 
 funny , how many years had she prayed for the gift to go away ? 
 she craved normalcy and hated consistently knowing if two people were meant to be committed or not . 
 it was too much pressure , so she decided to use her talent for good , to help bring people together rather than sit helplessly by and watch them either miss each other or marry the wrong partner . 
 now , she got her wish . 
 emptiness pulsed in her gut , a lack of something inherent within her . 
 what was she going to do ? 
 `` do n't panic , sweetie . 
 we 'll figure it out . '' 
 kate lifted her head and watched ken turn to the cabinet behind her , take out a shot glass , and a tiny bottle of amber liquid . 
 `` here , drink this . '' 
 she pushed the shot across the desk . 
 kate sputtered . 
 `` are these the liquor bottles from hotel minibars ? '' 
 `` yeah , i have a collection . 
 when i get bad news , sometimes i drink one to settle my nerves . 
 it 's good for you . '' 
 `` god , first pot with my mother and now hard liquor with you on the job . 
 my morals are slipping faster and faster . '' 
 `` shut up and drink . '' 
 kate obeyed . 
 the sting of whiskey slid down her throat and she choked back a cough . 
 her eyes watered . 
 ken nodded with approval . 
 `` better . 
 liquor is truth serum , kind of like pms . 
 it helps you not to lie to yourself anymore . 
 now , i want you to tell me everything . 
 when did you lose it ? '' 
 `` i ca n't remember exactly . 
 i kept noticing i was n't getting any reactions from being around couples . 
 at first , i thought it was a temporary glitch , but i got nothing from edward and justine . 
 i have n't experienced even a tingle , no matter who i come in contact with . 
 it 's gone . '' 
 `` probably temporarily in hiding . 
 have you done anything different lately ? 
 involved with someone i do n't know about ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 kennedy pursed her lips in thought . 
 `` what about slade ? 
 he came into mugs the other night for a few . 
 hung out with jane , but then he disappeared . 
 funny , i did n't see you after either . 
 unless ... '' her eyes widened . 
 `` holy shit , you 're screwing around with him , are n't you ? '' 
 kate wrapped her arms around her chest . 
 `` no . 
 not really . 
 oh , god , i do n't want to ! 
 i mean , i want to , but he 's completely wrong for me , and he 's a client . 
 i just want him to go away , get out of my life . 
 the only way i can accomplish it is if i set him up with the right woman . '' 
 ken narrowed her gaze . 
 `` what if you 're the right woman ? '' 
 `` i 'm not , i swear . 
 he only wants to sleep together and wring it out of our systems so i can then match him properly . 
 i 'd never do a one-night stand . '' 
 she ducked her head to avoid ken 's knowing look . 
 `` okay , i have a few things to say to you but i need arilyn in here . 
 time for an intervention . '' 
 ken pressed the intercom button on the phone . 
 `` hey , can you come into my office for a sec ? 
 i 'm with kate . '' 
 `` you wo n't get arilyn to bully me , '' kate said . 
 `` she 's on my side . '' 
 `` not this time , babe . '' 
 arilyn floated into the room , clad in a long silvery skirt , white t-shirt , and sandals . 
 her hip-length hair shimmered in red gold , and she took the third seat with her usual feminine grace . 
 `` what 's the problem ? '' 
 kennedy slid over a shot glass to arilyn filled to the top . 
 `` kate lost the touch . 
 she wants to have sex with slade , but she 's too afraid . 
 he wants her for one night in a thwarted attempt to get over their chemistry , and she just wants to match him with another woman , thinking the whole thing will go away . '' 
 arilyn processed the information . 
 reached out and tipped the glass back , swallowing the slide of whiskey in one perfect gulp . 
 set the glass back down without a hitch and faced her . 
 `` you have to sleep with him , kate . '' 
 kate gasped . 
 her calm serenity billowed around the shocking words . 
 `` what ? 
 n-n-n-no ! 
 sleeping with him will be disastrous . 
 if i match him , i 'll get the touch back , i know it . '' 
 arilyn clucked with sympathy . 
 `` darling , i think we misinterpreted your connection with slade . 
 at first , i thought you were meant to find his match . 
 but if you lost your abilities and still feel a connection to slade , the only way to get the touch back is to sleep with slade . 
 giving your body over and taking a chance . 
 you 're fighting your natural attraction , and that 's not a good thing . 
 especially if it 's only about fear . '' 
 her mouth opened and closed . 
 she never imagined arilyn would agree to help her lose her virginity , but her words brought a strange sense of clarity . 
 could that be the solution ? 
 her body quaked with terror and something else . 
 something she hated to define , but it was more like ... excitement . 
 kennedy jumped in . 
 `` you 're blocked . 
 open yourself up to a sexual experience with slade , and i bet your abilities will come rushing back . '' 
 `` what are you so afraid of ? '' 
 arilyn asked gently . 
 `` slade ? 
 losing your virginity ? 
 or losing your control ? '' 
 kate shuddered . 
 `` all of it . '' 
 `` then it 's time to find out what will happen if you give up that control . 
 remember the yoga classes we take ? 
 control is only an illusion to calm yourself into believing things will go a certain way . 
 give up the control , let life lead , and you will find a rich discovery . '' 
 `` and endless orgasms , '' kennedy piped up . 
 kate smothered a laugh . 
 `` god , i ca n't believe i 'm seriously considering this . 
 i set him up with another date tonight . 
 things with hannah did n't go well . 
 he said she 's too perfect . 
 then he went out with emma and said he was missing some spark he could n't name . '' 
 `` hmm , interesting . 
 who 's the new date with ? '' 
 ken asked . 
 kate winced . 
 `` elena . '' 
 arilyn shook her head . 
 `` oh , this is bad . 
 she 's pretty assertive with men she finds a connection with . 
 the complete opposite of hannah and emma . 
 if you were looking to push him into bed with someone else , you found your girl . '' 
 she swallowed past the lump in her throat . 
 elena was known to make men crazy with lust and lead them on a chase . 
 in a way , she was perfect for igniting slade 's love of the hunt . 
 the idea of elena touching him with her hungry gaze made her nauseous . 
 but in a way , was n't she throwing him a test ? 
 if he buckled to elena 's sexuality , he 'd prove two things . 
 breaking the rule of sex before monogamous dating . 
 and confirming he only sought the challenge of a chase . 
 if he failed , she 'd prove he was n't the one . 
 if he passed , she may not have any other barriers to hide . 
 `` you can still call him , you know , '' kennedy offered . 
 `` tell him you want him . 
 bet he 'd cancel the date with elena . '' 
 kate dragged in a deep breath . 
 `` no , this needs to be played out . 
 maybe elena and he will be better suited for each other . 
 she calls to his primitive side , but she 's super smart . 
 she 's also a career woman , and slade enjoys battling wit to wit . 
 maybe i 'll have my answer tonight . '' 
 arilyn and kennedy shared a look . 
 `` or maybe you wo n't have anywhere else to run . '' 
 the statement echoed her own thoughts . 
 as she thanked her friends and walked out of the room , kate wondered if it was already too late . 
 slade closed the door behind him . 
 the silence of his home descended in a deafening air that mocked his decision to send elena away . 
 he turned and studied the empty rooms . 
 when he left his marriage behind him , he longed for peace . 
 stability . 
 his failure in the institution mocked him , so he focused his energies on helping others who were betrayed and had no advocates . 
 when he lost his parents , jane became his sole responsibility . 
 he tried to care for her but also failed to protect her from the heartbreak the world cruelly threw out . 
 the lesson was clear . 
 nothing lasted , and one needed to prepare for the eventual pain of a broken relationship . 
 he figured letting kinnections try to set him up with a companion who could fit seamlessly into his life and share his company took most of the messiness away . 
 he did n't believe it would actually work , but at least the goal was clear . 
 until one woman wrecked all of his expectations . 
 kate . 
 she ignited all the hidden instincts long buried . 
 when was the last time he dragged a woman into a corner with the purpose of kissing her senseless ? 
 her constant insistence he belonged with another pissed him off and caused a hurt he did n't want to examine . 
 as soon as elena climbed off her harley , shook out her hair , and gave him a knowing grin , he 'd known where the night headed . 
 sure , kate warned him he needed to actually enjoy a woman 's company on a few dates before jumping into bed . 
 but elena was different . 
 she exuded a sensual vibe that said they were two grown adults and could do what they wanted . 
 on their terms . 
 she was also interested . 
 his body mildly reacted , but within a few minutes he 'd remained cold . 
 he was terrified no one would ever be able to match the electric chemistry he shared with the woman who did n't want him . 
 slade wined and dined her , surprised at her engaging conversation and wicked sense of humor . 
 once again , he admitted that kate got him right . 
 he did need someone less than perfect , and the layers elena offered intrigued him even more than hannah . 
 more than emma . 
 but she was n't kate . 
 when elena refused to wait and kissed him , he 'd kissed her back . 
 tried desperately to work up enough interest to take her to bed . 
 it would be good for both of them and finally show kate that he was done playing games . 
 until he realized elena was just a poor imitation of the only woman he wanted . 
 he pushed her away with regret . 
 she studied his face , understood , and left in a roar on her badass harley bike . 
 like a chump , he watched her leave and now stood alone in his magnificent home , with no wife , no dog , no lover , and an endless mocking silence . 
 no more . 
 the rage and frustration took root and flowered . 
 he was done sitting around and waiting for something that was n't coming . 
 he 'd told her she needed to come to him , on her terms , but if he did n't take what he wanted-what they both wanted-he 'd continue on an endless path of dates that had no meaning and implode from frustration . 
 slade grabbed his keys and went to claim her . 
 kate rolled over for the hundredth time and shoved the sheets back . 
 sweat beaded her body , and her skin was oversensitive to any fabric , even the soft cotton of her t-shirt . 
 her core throbbed and wept for relief that no hot pink ginormous vibrator could ever satisfy . 
 images of slade and elena making love in his bed tortured her vision . 
 she anticipated his call , detailing his meal and telling her to try again . 
 tonight , the phone remained silent . 
 with a low curse , she sat up and ripped off her shirt , hating even the slight brush of contact against her swollen br ** sts . 
 she was being punished and it was a doozy . 
 she 'd pushed him into the arms of another woman , afraid to claim him for herself , and now it was too late . 
 the clock digits shone in neon green . 
 midnight . 
 robert whimpered from his spot in his orthopedic bed . 
 as if he was also disturbed by her inability to sleep , he shifted fitfully in a drive to get comfortable . 
 kate sighed and sat up . 
 maybe she 'd put on a movie . 
 or fire up her ipad and read . 
 anything but keep thinking about slade nak * d with someone other than her . 
 loser . 
 she kicked off the covers and trudged topless into the living room . 
 she grabbed a bottle of water , turned on the reading lamp , and heard the noise . 
 kate froze . 
 what the hell ? 
 adrenaline rushed through her and she jumped for the phone to call 911 when the doorbell rang . 
 tiptoeing to the door , she peered out the sidelights . 
 slade stared back at her . 
 kate jerked back with a gasp . 
 what was she going to do ? 
 `` i saw you , kate . 
 let me in . 
 now . '' 
 she bit her lip and pondered . 
 this was not a good idea . 
 `` it 's midnight , '' she hissed through the door . 
 `` i know what time it is . 
 i 'm freezing , open the frickin ' door . '' 
 crap , she was nak * d ! 
 she grabbed the afghan from the chair , wrapped it around her like a toga , and slid open the lock . 
 he walked in like he owned the place and her . 
 his gaze took in her makeshift outfit , probing the loose holes of the blanket and uncovering the skin beneath . 
 her n ** ples hardened instantly . 
 a dangerous air of masculine temper sparked the air , the surge of testosterone wrapping her in a spell that dragged her back to basic instincts desperate to escape years of civility . 
 to mate . 
 to give . 
 to surrender . 
 kate shivered . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` it was a test , was n't it ? '' 
 she did n't pretend to misunderstand . 
 the knowledge she 'd run out of options squeezed her like an insect wrapped tight in the silky rope of a spider 's web . 
 kate lifted her chin . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he growled and took a step forward . 
 one sharp bark jerked her head around . 
 robert paused in the doorway of the bedroom , watching the scene . 
 he dragged his body down the hall at rapid speed , placing himself in front of her like he was a fully trained guard dog ready to take down an assailant . 
 love and pride surged for the unbreakable bond of his protection . 
 kate opened her mouth to calm him , but slade had already moved . 
 with a humble grace that left her speechless , slade knelt before robert in supplication . 
 he offered his hands slowly out in the universal gesture of surrender . 
 `` thank you for taking care of her , '' he said gently . 
 `` but i would never hurt her . 
 i swear to you on all i hold dear in this lifetime , i will never hurt your mistress . '' 
 she held her breath as he leaned forward until he was nose to nose with the pit bull . 
 moments passed . 
 a look of shared understanding and something deeper passed between them . 
 slowly , robert relaxed his rigid stance , bowed his head , and licked slade 's palm softly . 
 then he dragged himself back into the bedroom . 
 the last of her defenses shattered . 
 kate stared at the man who had humbled himself before her dog , honoring robert 's emotions as if he were human . 
 slade rose to his feet , stripped off his jacket , rolled up his shirtsleeves , and met her gaze head on . 
 raw , hot sexual energy buzzed around them . 
 her mouth watered at the sight of his half-unbuttoned shirt , the long , tanned column of his neck , and the locked tension of his jaw . 
 his gaze pinned her without mercy , letting her know this was her last chance to run . 
 `` so , you admit you put me to a test . '' 
 his words came out lazy , as if he had all the time in the world , but his body tensed like a predator ready to pounce if provoked . 
 `` did you want me to sleep with elena ? 
 let you off the proverbial hook ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she pressed the blanket tighter to her body . 
 `` half of me wanted you to fall for her so i 'd be free . 
 i could hate you , remind myself you were n't meant to be mine . 
 but the thought of you touching her made me crazy . '' 
 he lifted a brow . 
 `` a little honesty , kate ? 
 good . 
 since this seems like a good night for cliches , let 's put all our cards on the table . 
 i wanted to sleep with her . '' 
 he ignored her wince and kept speaking , refusing to let her break the stare . 
 `` i was pissed off by your games and ready to end it . 
 i kissed her . '' 
 hurt lanced deeply , but she struggled to keep her composure . 
 how could she be betrayed when he only did what she wanted ? 
 `` i understand , '' she choked out . 
 his face tightened . 
 `` no , you do n't understand . 
 that 's the problem . 
 i kissed her , tried to work up a physical reaction , and got nothing . 
 i want you . 
 only you . 
 the real question is , why wo n't you admit you want me just as much ? '' 
 the looming confrontation crashed over her and left her nowhere to run . 
 is this the type of woman she 'd become ? 
 so scared of being hurt or dragged into a situation she could n't control , she quaked with fear ? 
 shame made her lift her chin high in the air . 
 he offered one night of pleasure . 
 she tried to mock his offer by stripping it down to just sex , but they 'd already shared much more . 
 secrets , intimacy , honesty . 
 is n't that what she was running from ? 
 the knowledge that once he pushed deep inside her , he 'd be buried in both her body and soul permanently ? 
 time to put on her big-girl panties and follow frost 's less-traveled road . 
 `` i 'm scared . '' 
 he cocked his head . 
 `` about ? '' 
 she shifted her weight and forced herself to confront the truth . 
 when was the last time a male stripped her bare ? 
 dared to want more than a fleeting physical encounter that barely skimmed the surface , refusing to dive deep enough to feel anything real ? 
 never . 
 she waited for guarantees in a world with none . 
 she hid behind her company and put everyone ahead of her , urging them to let go and allow love into their lives . 
 yet she kept herself isolated and alone , with only robert for company , on a hypocritical throne above the rest of the world . 
 dear god , was n't it time to let go ? 
 take a chance with no thought to an agenda or plan or list she could calmly check off ? 
 kate refused to cower beneath the blistering doubt in his gaze . 
 `` because i 've never felt this way before , '' she whispered . 
 he paused a beat and let her wait in miserable silence . 
 `` better . 
 i swore you 'd have to come to me , but i could n't wait . 
 i passed your test and now you owe me . 
 what are you going to do about it ? '' 
 her throat closed up in pure nerves , and she clutched the blanket as if the soft yarn could save her . 
 but there was only one thing that could save her at this point . 
 complete surrender . 
 the man before her would demand no less . 
 arilyn 's words drifted past in a gentle reminder . 
 the only way to true happiness is by letting go of control . 
 the rest is just an illusion . 
 kate squeezed her eyes shut and reached for courage . 
 then let the blanket drop . 
 cool air rushed over her flesh , pebbling her n ** ples . 
 she opened her eyes and waited . 
 he drank her in with a hunger that stripped away all civility and left her raw and vulnerable . 
 his gaze roved over every trembling inch , lingering on the thrust of her br ** sts , the drenched core of her sex hidden by a scrap of lace , the length of her bare legs . 
 kate fought the instinct to cover herself with her hands , knowing he 'd never allow her to hide from him again . 
 she straightened to full height , proud in her nak * dness , daring him to take what she finally offered . 
 he did n't move . 
 did n't speak . 
 the air in the room charged and jumped like a live fuse . 
 `` if i cross this room , there 's no more running away . 
 i 'm going to f ** k you until there 's nothing left . 
 i wo n't be gentle . 
 think carefully , kate . 
 i 'm not playing games with you anymore . '' 
 she trembled from the dark threat , but her body begged him for more , to show her everything he had and not hold back . 
 this was what she 'd been waiting for-a man to want her with the passion that was n't quite civil or proper . 
 his erection pushed against the fabric of his pants , his muscles locked and poised for his leap once she gave him the words . 
 her voice shook . 
 `` i do n't want to run anymore . 
 i do n't care about the future , or what 's right or wrong . 
 i 'm yours , slade . 
 tonight , i belong to you . '' 
 he ripped out a curse and crossed the room . 
 his mouth took hers in a hard , brutal kiss , his tongue pushing between her lips to set the tone of his dominance . 
 she whimpered in sheer pleasure , opening and taking each thrust deep , drunk on his taste and his smell and the blistering heat of his skin . 
 slade wasted no time on preliminaries . 
 he reached down and lifted her , and she wrapped her legs tight around his h * ps as he walked toward the bedroom , his mouth never breaking contact . 
 she floated in a crazed sea of sensation , her flesh quivering for more , and he placed her on the bed while his hands ripped the fragile silk from her body . 
 `` i ca n't slow down . 
 i had plans to torture you until you begged for me , to make you come a thousand times before i even entered your body . 
 but i need to be inside you . 
 you drive me crazy , kate . 
 spread your legs . 
 let me look at you . '' 
 with a wanton openness she never experienced before , she spread her thighs wide . 
 her arousal leaked over her thighs , her p ** sy splayed open and bare for his hot gaze . 
 slade ripped off his shirt in record time , visually feasting on her throbbing cl * t as he unbuckled his pants , kicked off his shoes , and removed his briefs . 
 `` you 're so gorgeous . 
 i 've been dying to know your taste , baby . 
 i want to lick you for hours and play with that delicious p ** sy . 
 but i do n't know how much longer i can wait . '' 
 kate moaned at his dirty words , her n ** ples stabbing for the relief of his tongue and fingers . 
 she writhed on the bed while he ripped open the condom wrapper , slipped it on himself , and climbed on the mattress . 
 slade knelt between her legs and ran one finger down her drenched slit . 
 she cried out as her swollen flesh begged for more . 
 with a low growl , he dipped his head and dropped gentle , teasing kisses over her drenched core . 
 the whisper softness of his lips , the hot lash of wet tongue , all swirled together and cranked the tension in her belly so tight she thought she 'd shatter with one more touch . 
 her cl * t hardened and demanded relief , but he ignored it , sliding his tongue over the sides and pulsing his fingers in tiny increments into her channel . 
 she wriggled for freedom , but he kept her held tight , stabbing his tongue around her pulsing clit . 
 then slipped two fingers deep inside . 
 she cried out in delicious agony . 
 breath strangled in her lungs so she was only able to emit tiny pants as those talented fingers rubbed and plunged in a rocking rhythm that drove her right to the edge . 
 kate arched , ready to explode , but he gave a sexy laugh and removed his fingers . 
 `` not yet , baby . 
 not until i 'm deep inside you . '' 
 he lifted her ankles , placed them on his shoulders , and looked up her body . 
 kate shook at the seething , sexual energy crackling between them , soaking into her skin until every pore and cell wept for him to take her . 
 his massive erection poised at her entrance . 
 she fisted her hands in the sheets and wondered if she 'd splinter into a thousand pieces once he slid inside . 
 his eyes blazed . 
 `` give me everything . 
 i wo n't settle for anything else . '' 
 she sucked in her breath , suddenly terrified at her vulnerability . 
 what was she doing ? 
 giving her virginity over to a man who believed in nothing but the moment ? 
 he 'd destroy her , take everything she had , and leave her with nothing . 
 panic reared . 
 with a cry , she opened her mouth to stop him , but it was too late . 
 he surged inside with one long slide and claimed her . 
 a sharp pain seized her . 
 she grabbed for breath , dug her nails into his back , and tried to process the swirling sensations ripping her body and mind . 
 slowly , the burn faded into a sense of overfullness . 
 her body adjusted , squeezing his cock , her wet channel snugly accepting his length even as her brain fought the final battle . 
 `` n-n-no , do n't , i ca n't , oh , god , it 's too much . '' 
 his powerful muscles drove her deep into the mattress , and kate pushed at his shoulders , half aware she did n't know if she should push him away or pull him closer . 
 his skin was hot and slightly damp . 
 an instinct to surrender to everything he wanted shimmered through her , but she fought the claim , afraid he 'd take every piece of her body and mind and soul . 
 `` look at me , baby . 
 open your eyes . '' 
 kate half sobbed and obeyed . 
 his warm palms cupped her face , and he held completely still , his c * ck pulsing deep inside until she did n't know where she ended and he began . 
 a rocket of sensations exploded inside , which her brain desperately tried to make sense of-stretched , achy , wet , hot . 
 as if he realized her barriers , a low growl emanated from his chest . 
 `` no , you will not hide from this . 
 let go , kate . 
 no more hiding . '' 
 he rocked his h * ps in a delicious friction that slid over her cl * t and eased himself deeper . 
 his mouth took hers , his tongue diving in with firm strokes , penetrating her in every way until she surrendered to his command . 
 the heat intensified , and now there was no pain , just a gorgeous growing pleasure that bloomed in her gut and spread out to every inch of her body . 
 he increased the pace little by little , taking her higher , until she begged for more . 
 she dug her nails into the mattress , lifted her hips , and let him ride her hard , fast , demanding every inch be opened and vulnerable to him . 
 kate bit her lower lip as the tension twisted so tight it became excruciating . 
 `` please , oh , please . 
 slade , i need - '' `` that 's it , baby , all of it , more . '' 
 he groaned , rolling his h * ps and hitting a spot deep inside that shimmered with vibrations . 
 kate hovered on the brink of release , and he kept her there , drinking in every facial expression , not allowing her to conceal anything else . 
 his finger reached between them and slid over her clit . 
 the orgasm took hold and shattered . 
 kate screamed as her channel milked him , and he rode out every last shudder , lengthening pleasure until convulsions racked her and wrung her dry . 
 he gritted his teeth and groaned with satisfaction , letting himself go . 
 his body tightened and he shuddered above her , the shock of pleasure too intense for any words . 
 he slumped , tucked her neatly into his body and rolled so her head lay on his chest . 
 limp , sated , wrecked , kate melted into him , closed her eyes , and rested . 
 `` wow . '' 
 slade grinned and looked down . 
 her pin-straight hair was tangled and had that tumbled-after-sex quality . 
 sweat glistened on her skin , and the delicious scent of female arousal drifted to his nostrils . 
 her lips were parted and slightly swollen . 
 her muscles melted into him as if she was a natural extension of his body , her ankle hooked over his thigh , her hip a gleaming expanse of curve and pale white flesh that contrasted with his own olive skin . 
 `` that 's all you got ? '' 
 she blinked and stretched with a lazy grace that stiffened him to full staff . 
 he was crazy to think one night with her would wring her out of his system . 
 he 'd never thought about the full danger of snagging a taste , then getting hooked . 
 slade pushed down the niggling worry that told him laying the trap to catch her had backfired . 
 she 'd trapped him just as well . 
 `` thought you 'd be happy . 
 i 'm beyond words . '' 
 he chuckled and smoothed back her tangled hair . 
 `` true . 
 that 's probably a miracle . '' 
 she lifted a hand to try and punch him , but it fell helplessly to her side . 
 `` i 'll make you pay later . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you will . '' 
 he cupped her bare breast , playing with her nipple . 
 the nub hardened instantly under his teasing thumb . 
 `` but not until i wreak my own revenge . '' 
 she arched into his touch . 
 power rushed through him at her raw response . 
 the inner caveman he always beat back roared to life and shattered his civilized veneer . 
 god , how long had he fought this only to be overwhelmed the moment they touched ? 
 still , he needed to keep it strictly to the bedroom . 
 already , kate pushed buttons he never knew he had , making him long for the unthinkable . 
 more . 
 `` if it contains any of the moves you did before , bring it . '' 
 `` baby , i almost spilled my seed before i got inside of you . 
 you 've got a hell of a lot more coming . '' 
 he squeezed her br ** sts , tightening on her nipple , and she gasped . 
 he watched her carefully and caught the tiny thrust of her hips , the tripping of her pulse in her neck . 
 oh , yeah . 
 his kate liked to play a bit on the wild side . 
 he could n't wait to explore every one of her limits and beyond . 
 curiosity burned to know more . 
 she hid so many layers behind her composed businesswoman persona . 
 each time she revealed more , his fascination intensified . 
 slade kept up the caress , lulling her into a state of relaxed arousal . 
 `` when i first met robert , you said something that stayed with me . 
 just because someone was broken does n't mean they should be thrown away . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` you were talking about more than robert , were n't you ? '' 
 she took a few moments before answering . 
 he stroked and tweaked her nipple to urge her on . 
 `` i stutter . '' 
 the simple admission tore through the room like a misfired champagne cork . 
 `` what do you mean , baby ? 
 you had a stuttering problem ? '' 
 `` i still do . 
 when i get nervous or stressed , i lapse back . 
 i 've gotten it under control in my adulthood , but i had a hard time . '' 
 he continued his gentle massage of her br ** sts . 
 remembered the few times she seemed to trip over her tongue . 
 he 'd assumed it was because she was overwhelmed by his pushiness to get her to confront their attraction . 
 `` do n't schools do therapy for that ? '' 
 she did n't speak for a while , as if wondering how much to tell him , but he kept his touch soothing . 
 the connection of skin on skin guided her into a deeper state of intimacy , where sharing secrets in the dark blocked out the reality of the day-to-day world . 
 `` i started when i was eight . 
 usually children who stutter get help and outgrow it . 
 at first , everyone thought i was just shy or nervous . 
 i began to shut down more and more in order to stop it . 
 i had all these thoughts and things i wanted to say , but when i opened my mouth , everything got tangled up . 
 it was like a crazy cycle i could n't break . 
 i had decided to ask for help when my dad got transferred to upstate new york for his job . 
 i had to move , and meet new people , and it started all over . '' 
 slade frowned . 
 `` what about your parents ? 
 did n't they try to help ? '' 
 `` they seemed to think i 'd outgrow it , but the school finally convinced them to send me to a regular therapist . 
 my mother believed i was fine the way i was , that i was nervous and trying too hard to express myself . 
 she enrolled me in yoga classes and music , believing i needed to let go and accept who i was . 
 dad backed her and they 'd just confirm they loved me exactly the way i was . 
 that in their eyes , i was already perfect . 
 you see , my mom lost two children before she was able to carry me to term . 
 they called me their miracle baby . '' 
 slade analyzed her words . 
 on the surface that type of love was hard to fight , the natural acceptance of parents who loved their child . 
 the burn of perfection a mother 's gaze saw in the baby she 'd always wanted . 
 but what was the price for kate ? 
 how would it feel to be so frustrated with speaking ? 
 to want her parents to say it was a problem and get her the help she needed , but too afraid to confess she failed them ? 
 `` was school hard ? '' 
 she stiffened beneath him . 
 raw pain slammed into his gut at the idea of her being hurt by others . 
 like his sister . 
 how many times had he found jane crying , broken , trying to make it in a world where cruelty was flaunted and sensitivity was demolished ? 
 she never fit in with the right crowd , so she was consistently punished . 
 `` yeah . 
 i got bullied , of course . 
 some teachers tried to help ; others ignored it . 
 i kept to myself , and since i transferred late in the game , i barely made friends . 
 for years , i felt so isolated and stupid . 
 why could n't i speak normally like everyone else ? 
 kids used to finish my sentences for me or imitate me . 
 it got so bad i decided never to open my mouth , even to answer my teacher . 
 my grades plummeted . 
 but it taught me some hard lessons . 
 even things that are terrible finally end . 
 if you lock down and fight through it , eventually the bad stuff is over . '' 
 pride surged . 
 damn , she was strong . 
 how many people bitched and whined about their upbringing ? 
 blaming others for bad choices and never looking inward ? 
 `` i graduated and got into nyu . 
 i met arilyn and kennedy in my first semester , and we bonded immediately . 
 manhattan was a big city , full of people who were too busy to care if i did n't speak perfectly . 
 i found a great therapist and finally learned techniques to control my speech . '' 
 `` but you finally got your happy ever after with kinnections . '' 
 `` yes . 
 our famous drunken idea became a reality because we fought hard for it . 
 my therapist really helped with my growing confidence , and i realized just because my speech would never be perfect , it did n't mean i could n't own my business and make it a huge success . '' 
 `` you amaze me . '' 
 she shook her head in denial , but he forced her chin up . 
 `` you 're an intelligent , capable , well-spoken woman , and i would 've never known you had such a struggle . '' 
 `` we all did . 
 kennedy battled a weight problem and then struggled with anorexia . 
 arilyn was a real geek and a complete outcast . 
 we made it . 
 i did n't tell you this for pity , slade . 
 i just wanted you to know ... more . '' 
 her confession shattered him , along with her inner strength . 
 all the ridiculous assumptions he made about her and her crew haunted him . 
 the idea of such vibrant , passionate women battling peer pressure and inner demons reminded him he had forgotten an important lesson . 
 one should n't judge the surface before knowing the truth . 
 shame filled him . 
 is n't that what others consistently did to his sister ? 
 assumed she was an overemotional geek who spurned others because she thought she was better than everyone ? 
 `` thank you for giving me that gift . '' 
 `` slade ? '' 
 `` yes , baby ? '' 
 `` will you tell me something ? 
 something you have n't told anyone else ? '' 
 he jerked back and studied her face . 
 curiosity gleamed in her eyes , but there was more . 
 a vulnerability and longing to connect , to share an intimacy beyond their lovemaking and transcend the physical . 
 the sexual pull between them was so strong it shimmered around them in a visible aura , but slade realized in that moment she wanted to hold something more from this encounter . 
 something to remember in the harsh light of morning that would n't drift away in a wisp of smoke . 
 his heart lurched in his chest . 
 from fear . 
 from the bonds of confessing his own secrets to this woman who held more power than she knew . 
 but he could n't deny her , not tonight . 
 `` i met my ex-wife in high school . 
 i was young , full of angst , and too many hormones . 
 i was at the top of my class , driven to succeed , and she was the bad girl on campus . 
 i had been accepted to harvard , and she decided to go with me , so we eloped at graduation . '' 
 the image shimmered before his vision in all its taunting mockery , but he pushed on , determined to give her the story . 
 `` god , we were doomed from day one . 
 i wanted to be a lawyer more than anything . 
 she wanted to be my wife and thought marriage would be fun . 
 like high school . 
 needless to say , it was n't , and things turned into a mess . '' 
 `` did she go to college , too ? 
 want a career for herself ? '' 
 `` tracey was n't ambitious . 
 she wanted to party , have fun , and be a lawyer 's wife . 
 she craved excitement like a junkie , loved living on the edge . '' 
 a humorless laugh escaped his lips . 
 `` school took everything i had . 
 i rarely saw her , and when i did we 'd fight , and she 'd threaten me with cheating . 
 we held on until i graduated , interned at a firm , and finally scored a job . 
 we moved to new york together , but by then , we barely had a marriage . 
 i came home one day early and caught her with another guy . 
 sad part was , i did n't even blame her . 
 she was lonely , and i could n't give her what she wanted . 
 we divorced and moved on . '' 
 he fell silent . 
 kate rolled over and propped her chin in her hands . 
 white-blond hair slid over one eye . 
 those lush lips pursed as if she were thinking and sorting over his story . 
 `` do you still blame yourself ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 he almost jerked at the direct question but managed to hold her gaze . 
 `` sometimes . 
 i was selfish , and concentrated on my future rather than on us as a couple . 
 i was n't suited for marriage . '' 
 `` you were young . 
 raw . 
 our first loves are the ones who define us , who teach us lessons and make us stronger . 
 you 've grown and know who you are . 
 look at the way you protect your sister and look out for her . 
 you take care of the ones you love . '' 
 the breath whooshed from his lungs . 
 the simplicity of her words rocked his core , the understanding on her face without pity or judgment , just acceptance . 
 of him . 
 a surge of heat took hold , stiffening his dick , and her eyes widened as she reacted immediately to the lust that pulsed in every pore and demanded he sate his hunger . 
 there was only one way to express himself and dump the whirling emotions needing outlet . 
 `` slade - '' `` i want you . 
 again . '' 
 he gripped her arms and flipped her on her back , climbing on top to straddle her . 
 the gorgeous bared curves of her body lured him to taste and touch every inch , until she wiggled and begged for mercy . 
 with a growl , he lowered his head to rub his stubbled jaw against the softness of her br ** sts , his hands urging her thighs wide apart . 
 she moaned and allowed him full access . 
 her n ** ples stood tight and hard , and he licked them , nibbling and teasing until her skin quivered and her br ** sts were swollen . 
 `` i love your br ** sts . 
 one day , i intend on making you come just by licking them . 
 i wonder how long it will take before you beg for mercy ? '' 
 she shuddered , and he laughed low in satisfaction . 
 using his thumbs to pull her engorged lips apart , he slid his fingers back and forth over her wet , pink folds . 
 teased her cl * t to a hard nub . 
 then delved into her channel . 
 she sucked him in with pure greed , and her fists beat the mattress in agony , held on the verge of an orgasm without a way to get there . 
 a violent rush of possessiveness claimed him , making him want to give this woman excruciating pleasure , to give her a memory she 'd never forget , to demand her complete surrender of everything she was , good and bad , light and dark , inside and outside until there was nothing left he did n't own . 
 he curled his fingers and dove deep , hitting the sweet spot as she screamed . 
 `` how bad do you want me ? '' 
 he asked , loving her fierce reaction and the way she demanded her pleasure . 
 `` i ca n't take any more , please , let me come . '' 
 `` you can take more . 
 give me more . '' 
 he kept up the rotating thrusts , while he nibbled on the sensitive flesh of her belly , then back up to her br ** sts to suck hard on the strawberry tips . 
 her heels dug into the mattress , her panting breaths filling the room . 
 `` i 'll do anything , slade , anything , please . '' 
 her pretty begging made the skin on his c * ck pull and tighten . 
 he was n't going to last long , the driving need to be inside of her fogged his mind and intentions to sexually tease and torture her . 
 but he 'd have his revenge . 
 now . 
 `` beg me again , kate . 
 but call me counselor . '' 
 she gasped , but was too far gone to deny him . 
 her p ** sy clamped down and drenched his fingers , his teeth poised on the hard nub of her nipple , waiting for the final break . 
 `` counselor ! 
 please make me come ! '' 
 the sweet words hit his ears the same time he drove three fingers hard into her tight , soaked channel . 
 she clenched and shattered around him . 
 her muscles gave up the fight and her whole body shuddered , while he kissed her deep , drunk on the taste of her honey , which was sweeter than cotton candy . 
 she 'd barely stopped convulsing when he ripped open the condom , covered himself , and drove home . 
 his . 
 the mantra echoed in his brain as his dick pounded her hard , taking her back up with raw , controlled motions . 
 she fell into the second orgasm easily , with his name on her lips . 
 he followed her over the edge and took a leap he 'd been denying himself for years , giving himself up completely to this moment , the orgasm not only seizing his body but going much deeper , until there was nothing left of him . 
 slade kissed her cheeks and smoothed back her hair . 
 she was already falling into a half sleep , and he quickly disposed of the condom , joining her back in bed and holding her tight . 
 he allowed himself to tumble into slumber with a final thought flickering through his mind . 
 what had she done to him ? 
 slade slept . 
 chapter eleven kate groaned and shoved her face into the pillow . 
 she surfaced from the hazy world of sleep and noticed a few details . 
 she clung to the side of her bed when she normally slept right in the middle . 
 a heavy scent hung in the air , deliciously musky and sinful . 
 and why did her thighs and legs feel like they were on fire ? 
 she ached deep in her muscles , especially between her legs . 
 fragments of memory shifted past her . 
 kate jerked up , eyes bugging out of her head . 
 oh . 
 my . 
 god . 
 she 'd slept with slade montgomery . 
 kate squeezed her eyes shut as images of last night hit her full force . 
 begging him to do bad things to her . 
 his mouth between her legs while she called him counselor . 
 his wicked growl when he told her to give it up . 
 all of it . 
 and she had . 
 `` wan na go for round twenty-four ? '' 
 her eyes flew open . 
 she gazed open-mouthed at the vision before her . 
 jeans riding low on hips . 
 bare-chested and revealing an endless expanse of toasty brown skin . 
 golden hair tousled and falling seductively over his forehead . 
 dark stubble darkening his jaw and framing those lush , full lips that were made for sin and teased endless orgasms from her throughout the night . 
 oh , god , was that an erection ? 
 his jeans clearly showed a massive shape pushing out from the fabric . 
 kate gulped . 
 why was n't she experienced with this stuff ? 
 she wished she were cool like kennedy . 
 no way was she walking around without clothes either , especially in the harsh morning light . 
 that mole on her ass was definitely not her strong suit . 
 she pushed back her hair , wondered how bad she looked , and tried to gather some composure . 
 `` umm , i d-d-don ' t think so . 
 i need t-t-to walk robert . '' 
 `` already done . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 he never goes out with anyone but me and gen. '' those broad shoulders lifted . 
 `` went with me . 
 i watched you work the cart before , so i figured it out quick . 
 he peed and pooped . 
 i found the kibble in the cupboard and gave him fresh water . '' 
 irritation buzzed through her . 
 what was he doing taking over her routine ? 
 this was her house . 
 her life . 
 feeling ridiculous and grumpy , she held the sheet tight to her br ** sts . 
 `` oh . 
 well , thank you . 
 i need to make the coffee . '' 
 `` it 's brewing now . '' 
 she stuck out her chin . 
 `` my pot is old as dirt and barely works . 
 i better help . '' 
 his lip quirked . 
 `` have n't met a coffeemaker i could n't tame in this century . 
 why do n't you take a moment and relax ? 
 i 'll bring you a cup . '' 
 he strode from the doorway and disappeared . 
 why was she so angry ? 
 maybe it was the casual expertise and good humor he revealed in the morning after . 
 how many had he experienced ? 
 dozens ? 
 hundreds ? 
 the scurry of paws on the floor broke her depressing thoughts . 
 robert raced into her room and paused beside her . 
 kate grinned . 
 `` bedtime ? '' 
 two barks . 
 she reached down and lifted him onto the bed . 
 robert loved snuggle time after his morning walk . 
 he smelled fresh and doggy at the same time , and she pressed her forehead against his and enjoyed the comfort of his love , no questions asked , no fear , and no holding back . 
 god , she loved him . 
 she lay back on the pillows and stroked his belly . 
 what did she do now ? 
 wait for coffee and then have the `` talk '' ? 
 at least she would get her touch back . 
 she had satisfied every dark desire and given him everything . 
 if that did n't do it , she 'd face the knowledge her gift was gone forever . 
 the idea of acknowledging a perfect night and watching him go on other dates she set up made her belly lurch . 
 could she continue trying to match him ? 
 she still had n't proven her talent and confirmed his sister was safe . 
 but there was only one thought that kept echoing in her head . 
 he was hers . 
 crazy , yes . 
 but she did n't want to be cool and pretend she did n't have deeper feelings than she did . 
 maybe she 'd break her cardinal rule and take him off the kinnections list so he could be hers ? 
 after all , he 'd mentioned before that it was silly to keep fighting their attraction . 
 if she opened herself up , they had the potential of having a real relationship . 
 exploring each other to see if they fit in other ways than in bed . 
 her phone vibrated from the nightstand . 
 she checked the text that had streamed in . 
 from hannah . 
 hi kate ! 
 really enjoyed my date with slade . 
 i think he 's the one ! 
 has n't called back yet though . 
 have you heard any feedback from our meeting ? 
 hate being stalker type so figured i 'd check with my fave matchmaker first . 
 thanks , as always for everything . 
 crapola . 
 kate stared at the smiley face at the end of hannah 's text and got sicker . 
 somehow , she had stolen hannah 's man . 
 in a twisted way , of course . 
 not on purpose , of course . 
 emma 's text had streamed in the other day , gleefully informing her they had a great date and she was waiting for his call . 
 while her clients waited , she was in bed with him . 
 bad karma . 
 she groaned . 
 get it together . 
 slade had n't connected with hannah or emma , and there was nothing to do about it . 
 she 'd call them as soon as she got into the office and break it to them gently . 
 kate had been the bad news breaker many times . 
 in this business , breakups and non-connections were job hazards but part of the journey . 
 she always hated when one client liked another more , but had nailed that speech down like a pro . 
 she just needed to make sure they did n't know the real truth . 
 slade came in with two steaming mugs . 
 kate cleared her throat . 
 `` my mouth 's watering . '' 
 he handed her a mug and arched a brow . 
 `` for me or the coffee ? '' 
 she gurgled a laugh . 
 he was so damn arrogant and sexy . 
 `` coffee . '' 
 `` bummer . '' 
 she sipped the hot brew , then looked up . 
 `` how 'd you know i like it black ? '' 
 `` no cream or half-and-half in the refrigerator . 
 sugar bowl is hidden . 
 i took a chance . '' 
 `` very nice , counselor . '' 
 green eyes blazed with stinging heat . 
 `` i do n't think i 'll ever hear that term and not think about your face when i made you come . '' 
 her cheeks pinkened and she buried her nose in her coffee . 
 robert gave a doggy moan and sank into the fluffy goose down comforter . 
 slade 's low laugh drifted across the room . 
 `` god , you 're sexy when you blush . 
 all fire and brimstone one moment , all shy virgin the next . '' 
 boy . 
 if he only knew . 
 at least his words caught her sense of challenge . 
 she kept her voice measured . 
 `` have you been using that famous charm to manipulate others your whole life ? 
 just remember you did n't make me do anything i did n't want . '' 
 his intimate gaze dropped to the sheet she held tight against her chest . 
 her n ** ples poked through the satin in an effort to come out and play . 
 `` that 's what made it sweeter , '' he growled . 
 `` knowing you liked begging . '' 
 wetness leaked from her thighs . 
 kate realized she was already too far gone . 
 she 'd never get enough of him . 
 she ached for him to take her again , though she was sore . 
 his c * ck responded to the unspoken need of her body and sprang to life . 
 her mouth watered to taste him , feel his hot , full length stretching her lips wide and controlling his pleasure . 
 slade muttered a curse , put his mug down on the table , and walked toward her . 
 with gentle motions , he lifted robert from the bed and placed him back on the floor . 
 transfixed , she allowed him to take her own cup and rip back the sheet . 
 a thrill coursed through her at his open , hot stare , taking in every inch of her nak * dness , scenting her arousal . 
 he pressed one knee down on the bed and her eyes half closed , waiting for him to take her on another wild ride . 
 `` god , kate , did i hurt you ? '' 
 his sudden question ripped through the pulsating silence . 
 her eyes flew open and followed his gaze . 
 blood smeared the sheets and stained her inner thighs . 
 slade sucked in his breath as the evidence of her virginity flashed in vivid neon . 
 crap . 
 it hardly hurt , so she did n't expect any blood . 
 kate sat up and pulled the covers tight against her chest . 
 `` n-n-no , of course you did n't hurt me . '' 
 his fingers twisted in the sheets and he yanked them back . 
 seconds ticked by . 
 his erection withered away and when he finally looked up , her lover was gone . 
 the man who replaced him was steeped in ice , his lips turned downward in a half sneer . 
 kate shivered . 
 she prayed for strength to hide her vulnerability and her rapidly plummeting confidence . 
 `` you were a virgin . '' 
 the hard words assaulted her ears . 
 she sprang from the bed and grabbed her terry robe , belting it firmly around her and escaping his accusing gaze . 
 `` so ? 
 it 's no big deal . '' 
 `` holy shit . 
 i do n't believe this . '' 
 his jaw clenched and fury emanated from his pores . 
 robert lifted his head and gave him a wary look . 
 `` why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 she shrugged and ignored the ball of ice in her gut . 
 `` because it means nothing and i wanted to escape an unpleasant scene such as this . 
 it was just a technicality , slade . 
 nothing to worry about . '' 
 `` i was your first lover . 
 you waited this long for a reason . 
 why me ? '' 
 she prayed for the floor to swallow her up whole but knew she was stuck . 
 hmm , was this the time to tell him she had a special touch and never felt a connection with another man ? 
 or should she confess her witchlike gene 's disappearance and her plan to sleep with him to gain it back ? 
 somehow , neither option seemed viable , so she cocked her head and lied again . 
 `` i 've been busy . 
 never got around to it . '' 
 he emitted a vicious curse . 
 `` i hurt you . 
 if i had known , i would 've been gentler , more considerate . 
 i would 've seduced you and made sure you were ready . 
 did i bruise you , too ? '' 
 kate let out a laugh . 
 `` you gave me multiple orgasms and never hurt me . 
 honestly , this whole martyr routine is embarrassing . 
 can we drop the subject , please ? 
 i 'll make us some breakfast . '' 
 she tried to move past him , but his arm snaked out and gripped her upper arm . 
 tingles immediately crackled to life , and he stared at their joined flesh as if just figuring something out . 
 `` have you ever felt this electricity before , kate ? 
 to another man other than me ? '' 
 she stuck up her chin and hit him with her best shot . 
 screw this . 
 truth would be better and knock him back on his ass . 
 `` no . 
 maybe that 's why i finally decided to do it with you . 
 i have no regrets about what happened last night . 
 do you ? '' 
 he jerked back and nausea hit . 
 dear god , he regretted it . 
 in the harsh morning light , knowing she was a virgin , he actually felt guilty . 
 what was he so afraid of ? 
 expectations of their relationship ? 
 knowing he would always be her first ? 
 or that he might actually feel something for her ? 
 panic lit his eyes , and he suddenly looked at her not as a lover , but as more of a woman spinning her web to trap him . 
 kate fought the impulse to laugh in his face . 
 who would 've thought an innocent virgin could scare the big bad wolf ? 
 `` no . 
 but we did n't talk about what last night was about . 
 i do n't know if-if you have ideas about us . 
 what do you want ? '' 
 the joy from last night drained out of her . 
 kate stared at the man she 'd given everything to , who now resembled a stranger , hopping from foot to foot in an effort not to shoot out the door . 
 `` i want nothing , '' she said woodenly . 
 `` last night i wanted sex . 
 with you . 
 this morning , i want to get back to our original agreement and business relationship . '' 
 `` forget we slept together ? 
 you give me your virginity and now want to pretend it never happened ? '' 
 kate forced herself to shrug . 
 `` it was n't a gift , slade , it just was . 
 we 've already agreed that a long-term relationship wo n't work for us . 
 we got it out of our system , so let 's move on . '' 
 relief carved out the lines of his face . 
 her heart shattered into tiny pieces and it hurt to breathe , but damned if she 'd let him see an ounce of her pain . 
 slade montgomery did n't believe in anything she needed , and pretending they could be something more than one night would only prolong the torture . 
 she reached deep for calm , knowing it was the only way to end this now . 
 `` i do n't want to hurt you , '' he gritted out . 
 his hands trembled as he pushed his fingers through his hair , looking like he 'd rather be anywhere else . 
 `` i 'm not built for forever . 
 at least , not with someone who thinks love is a fairy tale and we 'll live happily ever after . 
 you have n't seen the things i have , the truth of what so-called love does to people . 
 there is no forever ! '' 
 the hurt rose up in waves and drowned her . 
 kate dug her nails in her palms and took it all . 
 how stupid . 
 he 'd stated his openness toward love , but he was only playing a game . 
 thinking he could find a woman who believed in companionship , a woman with no expectations or silly ideas . 
 a woman who would never be her . 
 `` you 're wrong , counselor , '' she said softly . 
 `` i 'm not looking for forever . 
 but i am looking for someday . 
 i think i deserve that . '' 
 he flinched . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm - '' `` no . 
 right now , i think it 's better if you leave . 
 and no worries . 
 if i believe there was anything more than great sex , i 'll remember the advice a very smart man once told me . '' 
 her eyes burned bright and hard . 
 `` it 's just the oxytocin . 
 nothing more . 
 nothing less . '' 
 this time when she passed , he let her go . 
 she busied herself in the kitchen and ignored him when he stopped at the counter . 
 kate concentrated on whipping eggs and preparing french toast , praying he would n't test her or touch her . 
 after a few moments , the door closed behind her without a word . 
 she surrendered the spoon , slumped against the granite island , and allowed herself to mourn something she never had in the first place . 
 kate looked at the mansion in front of her as genevieve drove up the winding driveway . 
 she almost canceled the outing , but guilt over missing out on gen 's family party drove her to try to be social . 
 besides , she barely saw her best friend anymore and was looking forward to an afternoon of fun . 
 `` i never thought i 'd be so depressed after sex . '' 
 gen cut the engine and shook her head . 
 `` let 's look on the bright side . 
 you had plenty of orgasms , and usually the first time you get a big fat zero . 
 you found out his true character before you can get more involved . 
 and you probably got your touch back , which is a boon for business . '' 
 kate laughed . 
 `` leave it to you to look on the bright side . 
 i guess you 're right . 
 i 'm giving him over to kennedy for future dates so i wo n't have to really see him anymore . 
 i 'll get over it . '' 
 `` you know what ken says . 
 the fastest way over a man is under a new one . '' 
 kate rolled her eyes and opened the door . 
 `` no thanks . 
 i think my remote and robert are enough for me for a while . '' 
 they made their way up to the sprawling villa , a mass of brick and stone rising three stories in the air . 
 multiple balconies looked out over lush gardens and wooded paths , and shouts of laughter echoed in the air . 
 when kate met gen at college , she 'd immediately been welcomed into the family fold-a close-knit italian group who hosted friday and sunday dinners and fed their guests heartily while they were on a shoestring budget . 
 `` how old are the twins now ? '' 
 kate asked , hoisting up the big racetrack gaily wrapped with dinosaur paper . 
 `` six . 
 everyone should be there . 
 maggie and michael said they wanted a jungle party , so who knows what to expect . 
 uh-oh , here comes lily . '' 
 kate laughed as gen 's niece caught sight of them , squealed , and tore down the gleaming parquet floors and into her aunt 's arms . 
 `` you look so beautiful ! 
 did aunt maggie give you that outfit ? '' 
 maggie was gen 's older sister alexa 's longtime best friend , and had taken it upon herself to make lily the trendiest youngster around . 
 lily hugged her tight , grinned with pride , and gave a full twirl in her chic denim dress with hot pink ankle boots . 
 `` daddy said the other dress was too weird . '' 
 lily wrinkled her pert nose , her corkscrew inky curls so like her mother 's own unruly hair . 
 `` he told maggie to take it down a notch . 
 then maggie stuck her tongue out at him when he left and mommy told them to stop acting like babies because there were already too many children to begin with . '' 
 gen laughed and tugged on a wayward curl . 
 `` where 's your sister ? '' 
 `` maria is following luke and ethan around . 
 i think she wants to marry luke . '' 
 `` cousins do n't marry , honey , but that 's okay for now . 
 let her torture him a bit . 
 luke needs a bit of his own medicine . '' 
 `` yeah , luke already spilled the punch when he climbed the tree and tried to see if he can jump into the bowl like he saw on the cartoons . 
 uncle michael put him in time-out , and maria said she 'd sit with him and keep him company . '' 
 kate bit her lip at the image . 
 `` we 'll be right out , honey , we 're just going to say hi to everyone first . '' 
 `` k ! '' 
 lily ran out , and they weaved their way through the elaborate rooms , decorated in bright blues and greens . 
 the jungle theme showed the boys ' obsession with animals , and a variety of stuffed monkeys , tigers , and zebras jumped from corners amid piles of wrapped presents with brightly colored bows . 
 they stopped and chatted with guests along the way and finally hit the main destination . 
 the bar . 
 `` ah , my favorite girls are finally here ! 
 surgeon in training and matchmaker extraordinaire . '' 
 kate grinned . 
 nick , alexa 's husband , stood behind the bar and seemed pretty happy to be out of the backyard where all the action was occurring . 
 `` right now i think we 're dying for a cosmo , '' gen said . 
 `` know how to make one ? '' 
 `` the sex and the city drink , right ? '' 
 gen laughed . 
 `` well , that 's been off the air for a while , but we 'll take it . 
 is everyone outside ? '' 
 `` yeah , it 's a jungle out there . 
 literally . 
 michael and i fought over who would tend bar , but i won so i 'm staying put . 
 where 's david ? '' 
 `` coming later . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 he winked at kate . 
 `` how about you ? 
 where 's robert ? 
 you could have brought him . '' 
 kate wondered how her date always became her dog , but it was too sad to analyze . 
 especially after her night with slade . 
 `` shelly 's taking him to the dog park today . 
 i figured i 'd be footloose and fancy-free . '' 
 `` sounds dangerous . '' 
 he handed her a perfect pink drink and stuck in a yellow umbrella . 
 `` there you go , honey . 
 enjoy . 
 izzy 's not here yet , hopefully later . '' 
 gen 's twin sister , isabella , seemed to be going through a hard time . 
 gen used to be close to her , but lately izzy 's edgy temper and almost cruel sarcasm put a wedge between them . 
 sad , since kate always wished to have a sister of her own . 
 she knew it bothered gen a lot , and she hoped time would soften some of the wounds that opened between them . 
 they threaded their way to the back deck and stopped cold . 
 `` wow , gen. now this is what i call a kids ' party . '' 
 tables and chairs were laid out among dozens of play stations , small fenced-in areas with different activities for the kids . 
 puzzles , toys , and a small petting zoo boasting furry animals to be fed with baby bottles . 
 an elaborate vine was tied between two trees to give a mini zip line effect , and a worker helped kids take turns getting strapped into the seat and taking a slide from one trunk to another . 
 a huge pushcart with peanuts , popcorn , and cotton candy served swarming children , and a giant circus truck was parked a mile away on the lawn . 
 kate squinted and peered across the lawn . 
 was that an elephant ? 
 `` you 're here ! '' 
 alexa enveloped them in a warm hug . 
 gen 's older sister was beautiful , with her black corkscrew curls , bright blue eyes , and curvy figure . 
 her kindness and humor radiated in waves , and kate loved being around her . 
 `` umm , al , is that an elephant ? '' 
 gen asked . 
 alexa gave a deep sigh . 
 `` yep . 
 but do n't worry , there 's no abuse going on . 
 i investigated this before i let maggie go with the idea . 
 his name is sam and he 's from a rescue camp for elephants retired from the circus . 
 it 's only for two hours , and he 's well taken care of . 
 the petting zoo is fine , too . 
 i thoroughly checked out the owner and she 's from an organic farm in wallkill that educates children on the proper way to treat animals . '' 
 kate laughed . 
 alexa was a fierce animal advocate and spent some of her free time volunteering for shelters . 
 `` got it . 
 glad you set me straight . 
 this is some setup . '' 
 `` yeah , what would you expect from maggie ? '' 
 `` i heard that . '' 
 the husky voice came from behind . 
 gen gave her a hug while kate admired her designer jeans , three-inch platform boots , and trendy leather jacket . 
 she looked like she was slumming in beverly hills rather than at a children 's party . 
 `` gen , is your hunky doctor coming today ? '' 
 `` he 's popping in later , he 's at the hospital . '' 
 `` kate , darling , where 's robert ? '' 
 `` dog park . '' 
 maggie lifted a brow . 
 `` dateless , huh ? 
 i have a yummy male model i 'd love to set you up with . '' 
 kate laughed . 
 `` do n't know if i 'm the model type , maggie . '' 
 `` nonsense , they 're everyone 's type . '' 
 gen shook her head . 
 `` where are those gorgeous birthday boys ? '' 
 maggie blew out a long breath . 
 `` luke 's in time-out again . 
 ethan is running around like a nut on crack , so i know he stole some birthday cake . 
 i blamed michael by mistake because it 's his favorite dessert from la dolce maggie . '' 
 gen grinned . 
 `` picking your son over your hubby , maggie ? '' 
 `` darlin ' , i 'm just trying to keep him on his toes . '' 
 as if his ears were burning , michael paused behind her , his finger over his lips to keep them quiet . 
 gen pressed her lips together to keep from giving him away . 
 `` interesting . 
 what 's the best way to keep your man in line , maggie ? '' 
 she cocked a hip and winked . 
 `` sex , of course . 
 i 'd say sex and food , but since i ca n't accomplish the latter , i excel at the former . '' 
 alexa caught on to the joke and rolled her eyes . 
 `` oh , please . 
 i 've seen who wears the so-called pants in your family , and it 's not those stylish pradas you favor . 
 your husband crooks his finger and you melt into a pile of goo . '' 
 her green eyes snapped with annoyance . 
 `` that 's libel . 
 or slander . 
 and untrue . 
 all i have to do is snap my fingers and my man obeys . '' 
 the words escaped her mouth the moment her husband 's arms grabbed her waist . 
 maggie gave a small screech and jerked around , but michael held her against him with ease , refusing to let her move . 
 `` mouthing off again , cara ? '' 
 he drawled , his hands familiarly stroking her into instant submission . 
 kate watched in fascination as maggie relaxed against him , her eyes sparking with a heat that had n't dimmed in almost eight years of marriage . 
 raw need clawed at her throat . 
 god , how she wanted to feel like that . 
 completely possessed and entranced by a man . 
 an image of slade rocketed past her vision . 
 poised at her entrance , jade-green eyes burning with hunger , fingers intertwined while he pushed deep inside and claimed her , body ... soul ... heart . 
 tears pricked her lids . 
 damn , she must be hormonal . 
 one lousy night and she had surrendered not only her virginity but her emotions . 
 `` oops , sorry babe . 
 just girl talk . '' 
 michael lowered his head and growled loud enough for everyone to hear . 
 `` perhaps i 'll wrest a heartfelt apology from those lips tonight . 
 or other things . '' 
 the dark promise caused maggie to shudder , and kate swallowed hard at the sexual power before her . 
 alexa waved her hand in the air , more used to her best friend 's ways . 
 `` cut it out , guys . 
 this is n't a bdsm outing , it 's a kids ' party . 
 and no more talking about sex , carina 's here . '' 
 on cue , michael 's younger sister waddled up to the deck . 
 misery carved out her features , though she looked adorable in a cute maternity t-shirt , jeans , and pink canvas sneakers . 
 her thick hair was tied back , and her cheeks were flushed and full . 
 `` ugh . 
 i do n't want to hear a thing about sex . 
 that 's how i got in this miserable condition . '' 
 michael groaned . 
 `` tmi , dear sister . '' 
 max followed his wife , supporting her by the elbow . 
 `` i 'll get you some seltzer , babe . '' 
 carina groaned and placed her hands on her massive belly . 
 `` i miss alcohol . 
 i miss seeing my toes . 
 i miss sleeping . '' 
 alexa and maggie shared a look and patted her shoulder . 
 `` i know , '' alexa said . 
 `` but in a few weeks you 'll have all the joy and happiness you can imagine . 
 motherhood is an amazing , perfect gift that makes all of this discomfort well worth it . '' 
 luke streaked across the lawn , nak * d. his crazy spiked hair and manic laugh reminded her of a comic book figure . 
 his bare buttocks winked in the sun and groups of children hooted and hollered , pointing and jumping up and down with glee . 
 maria followed . 
 her princess dress was covered in mud and she raced after him with one shoe on , one shoe off , screaming his name into the wind . 
 carina lifted her brow . 
 `` you were saying ? '' 
 maggie sighed . 
 `` never mind . 
 labor will hurt . 
 motherhood will make you a slave . 
 you 'll be sleep-deprived , mean , crazed , and the happiest you 've ever been in your life . '' 
 alexa nodded . 
 `` yeah . 
 what she said . '' 
 gen smashed a knuckle against her mouth and tried to keep a straight face . 
 `` umm , i 'll go check on them . 
 and , umm , find luke 's clothes . 
 kate ? '' 
 `` i 'll help . '' 
 `` thanks , guys , '' maggie said . 
 they trudged across the lawn after the nephews and nieces , drinks in hand . 
 kate smothered a giggle . 
 `` your family is a trip . '' 
 `` yeah , but your mom smokes pot . 
 that 's pretty damn cool . '' 
 the next few hours whizzed by in a dizzying rush of children , sugar , screaming , playing , and drinking by the adults . 
 they sang `` happy birthday , '' cut the cake , and lounged around the massive kitchen , sipping cappuccino and espresso . 
 david finally showed up , and kate watched as her friend relaxed into david 's embrace , seemingly comfortable and at ease . 
 that same odd warning voice flashed within , and kate casually brushed both of their arms to see if she caught any type of sensation between them . 
 nothing . 
 she frowned . 
 were they not suited ? 
 or was her gift still missing ? 
 surrounded by happy couples , kate made her way back to the bar , where alexa and nick held hands and spoke in low voices . 
 she edged in , determined to prove once and for all if her gift lingered . 
 the couple usually gave her quite a jolt when touched , a strong sign of a soul match . 
 kate reached for a glass , murmuring an apology , and managed to graze both their wrists . 
 nothing . 
 her hope plummeted . 
 the touch had n't returned . 
 what if she 'd lost it permanently ? 
 kate pressed her back against the wall for support and tried not to panic . 
 if sex had n't worked , what was she missing ? 
 all the time she cursed her gift , she realized it was also a part of her . 
 she 'd built kinnections on the knowledge she 'd be able to confirm a good match , weaving a solid foundation so clients were well taken care of . 
 what now ? 
 what was her role if she had no touch ? 
 a voice distracted her from a total freak-out . 
 `` well , is n't this cozy ? 
 the power couple ready to take on the world . 
 surgeons unite and all that jazz . '' 
 silence fell over the kitchen . 
 gen 's twin sister , izzy , stood framed in the doorway . 
 leather pants that hugged every ripe curve , thigh-high boots with wicked spikes and silver studs , and a black tank dipping way too low in the front to display the thorned rose tattooed on the curve of her breast . 
 numerous silver chains tinkled around her neck , and her diamond nose ring flashed in the light . 
 gen 's voice broke the tension . 
 `` we missed you , iz . 
 the boys were asking about you . 
 how are you ? '' 
 izzy shrugged . 
 `` good to know someone noticed . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 alexa stepped in , her gaze registering disapproval over her sister 's outfit . 
 her hug was barely returned . 
 `` hot date tonight ? '' 
 alexa teased . 
 `` i know you did n't dress up like this for us . '' 
 isabella 's head whipped around . 
 `` why do you assume i 'm giving it up to some guy ? 
 i dress like this to please one person . 
 myself . '' 
 nick 's voice slashed across the room . 
 `` enough . 
 you know alexa was only joking . 
 take it down a notch . '' 
 a mutinous expression crossed her face . 
 kate caught a glimpse of raw longing like she regretted her remark but had gone too far to back down . 
 `` whatever . '' 
 she clicked away on her high heels . 
 david shook his head . 
 `` unacceptable behavior . 
 she should n't have come . '' 
 `` she 's family , '' gen said . 
 david frowned . 
 `` that girl is heading toward destruction , and i 'm not letting her take you with her . 
 you should n't be involved with anyone doing drugs . 
 it could ruin your career . '' 
 kate was about to speak up for her friend when she was interrupted . 
 gen 's best friend , wolfe , stood framed in the kitchen , his massive height dwarfing the rest of the room . 
 his shaved head , sizzling blue eyes , and powerful body gave the impression of hot and bad boy in one firm twist . 
 a wicked serpent tattoo curled up his shoulder and the side of his neck , and a diamond winked in his left ear . 
 his brow was also pierced , and he wore leather wristbands with a long-sleeved black shirt , giving him an edgy look that usually made women drop their panties . 
 somehow , kate had never been affected , maybe because of his long-term friendship with gen. she always wondered if there was something more between them , especially since wolfe seemed to loathe david , but her best friend always insisted there was no sparks between them and they were only friends . 
 `` she 's not on drugs , '' wolfe declared in his deep , husky voice . 
 `` she 's in pain , '' he said simply . 
 gen bit her lip . 
 `` i ca n't reach her , '' she said . 
 `` i 've tried , but she wants nothing to do with me . 
 she acts like she hates me . '' 
 `` be patient . 
 eventually , she 'll need you . '' 
 david let out a breath . 
 `` she 's jealous of gen 's success . 
 better to give her space and let her be . '' 
 wolfe studied david for a while . 
 then shook his head and walked away . 
 `` they 'd be perfect together , '' david muttered . 
 `` surprised they never hooked up . 
 or maybe they did . '' 
 kate tapped her lower lip . 
 hmm , izzy and wolfe ? 
 that was a match made in explosive heaven . 
 they both seemed to seethe with some underlying pain , but wolfe had a much tighter hold on his emotions than izzy did on hers . 
 kate glanced at her watch . 
 time to get back to robert . 
 `` i got ta go soon , gen. i 'm going to hit the bathroom . '' 
 her friend nodded . 
 kate put down her mug and headed upstairs . 
 she climbed the sprawling staircase , her fingers skimming the smooth mahogany banister . 
 past the dripping swarovski crystal chandelier , down the hallway , until she heard voices . 
 uh-oh , intimate conversation ahead . 
 she turned on her heel to retreat and then recognized wolfe 's tone . 
 then izzy 's voice rang clearly through the air . 
 kate froze . 
 `` why do you torture yourself ? 
 i see the way you look at her . 
 she ca n't give you what you need , babe , but i can . '' 
 kate battled the awful need to see what was going on against her respect for privacy . 
 her bad side won , and she stood silent , listening to the unfolding conversation . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 the low warning was ignored . 
 a husky laugh and the sound of heels on wood . 
 `` you say no , but your body says yes . 
 what are you fighting so hard for ? 
 gen 's with david and she 'll never look at you the way you need . 
 besides , she 's like a timid little virgin in the bedroom . 
 i can satisfy you the way you need . '' 
 kate craned her neck to peep through the doorway . 
 izzy posed before wolfe , one hip cocked , her br ** sts thrust out so he got a perfect view of her impressive cl ** vage . 
 he stood still , the lines of his face carved in anger , arms crossed in front of his chest as if he had no interest in her seduction attempts . 
 `` i 'm not stupid , izzy . 
 you 're going through a bad time right now and just want to be distracted . 
 but sex does n't do it . 
 neither does hate . 
 you have an incredible family ready to support you . 
 why are you fighting so hard to drive them away ? '' 
 isabella shimmered with fury and practically spit in his face . 
 `` do n't play the therapist role with me . 
 you know shit about my family or the way they treat me like dirt . 
 believe i 'm less than my perfect twin sister . 
 refuse to accept who i am because it does n't fit in with their idealistic view of their children . 
 i 'm sick of them and their expectations . 
 even you got conned . '' 
 she closed the distance and pressed her body against his . 
 wolfe hissed in reaction but did n't move . 
 with a predatory smile , she rose on her toes and stopped inches from his mouth . 
 `` you 're just like me , you know . 
 you think gen will bring something good and right into your life . 
 but you 're not meant to be that man , wolfe . 
 you live in the dark . 
 you like dirty sex , and a bit of pain , and see the reality in life . 
 not like my silly , sheltered sister . 
 why do n't you just be the man you are and take me ? 
 i 'll give you everything you ever wanted . '' 
 she licked her lips and ran a finger down his cheek . 
 he stiffened , his gaze locked on hers . 
 `` i 'll even let you pretend you 're f ** king her if you want . 
 wo n't that make it even better ? '' 
 the air sparked with tension . 
 kate waited for wolfe 's reaction . 
 he pushed her gently away and stood back . 
 his face reflected a mix of regret , lust , and pity . 
 `` it does n't work like that , izzy . 
 i do n't know what happened , but it 's tearing you up inside . 
 you can talk to me , you know . 
 i 'll listen . '' 
 izzy pushed him hard , snarling like a pissed-off cat . 
 `` fuck you , wolfe . 
 i hope you 're happy in your ridiculous fantasy that my sister will notice you one day . 
 you 're way below her standards for a lover . 
 i feel sorry for you . '' 
 kate could n't hear anymore . 
 she slowly backed up and headed toward the other bathroom . 
 whoa , that was heavy stuff . 
 was wolfe in love with gen ? 
 did gen suspect ? 
 or was that just izzy 's crazy assumption in order to cause drama ? 
 it was like general hospital on steroids . 
 kate finished up , washed her hands , and headed back to the kitchen . 
 david gave her an uneasy feeling , but she never interfered with her friend 's love life . 
 gen seemed happy with the surgeon , but maybe kate should tell her what she overheard . 
 she rarely kept secrets from her best friend . 
 she was about to get her coat and begin her good-byes when david snagged gen 's hand and pulled her to the center of the living room . 
 foreboding washed over her as david raised his voice for everyone 's attention . 
 guests milled in groups and lounged on the coffee-colored sofa and chairs , huddled by the bar , and sat cross-legged on the persian carpet . 
 `` excuse me , everyone . 
 i 'd like to say a few words . '' 
 yep , this whole day was jacked up , beginning with slade walking out the door . 
 `` when i first met genevieve , she turned my world upside down . 
 she 's a stubborn , brilliant , beautiful woman who turned my life from black and gray to color . 
 i never want to go back to the person i was . 
 and being here with everyone tonight , in the warm clasp of family , made me realize i do n't want to waste another second . '' 
 david dropped to one knee . 
 removed a small box . 
 and snapped open the lid . 
 gasps of pleasure surrounded her . 
 `` genevieve mackenzie , you are the woman of my dreams . 
 i love you with my heart and my soul , and want to spend the rest of my life with you . 
 will you marry me ? '' 
 kate watched a dozen expressions cross her friend 's face . 
 shock . 
 confusion . 
 happiness . 
 and fear . 
 what was that about ? 
 gen 's gaze wavered , then shifted across the room . 
 as if seeking someone out . 
 kate glanced over and caught wolfe staring at the couple . 
 his face like carved stone , no emotion was evident in his features . 
 kate held her breath , wondering what was really going on . 
 then her friend 's answer echoed through the room . 
 `` yes , david . 
 i will marry you . '' 
 when kate looked back , wolfe was gone . 
 and she wondered if gen was keeping her own secrets . 
 chapter twelve he was a dickhead . 
 slade stared at his computer and tried to make sense of the endless notes for his next client . 
 sunday was a complete blur , with moments of clarity where he fought the need to show up at kate 's door and beg her forgiveness . 
 he 'd certainly won the prick of the year award . 
 after trying to seduce her in every way possible , he finally got her in bed , spent hours in orgasmic ecstasy , and treated her like some freak because she was a virgin . 
 he belonged in one of those bad eighties flicks and he was n't even in high school . 
 shame beat through him . 
 the truth taunted and kept him from calling her . 
 one night with kate seymour would never be enough . 
 he craved more , wanted to spend hours in her company , learn all her secrets , and go over every inch of her delectable body . 
 he wanted to hang out with robert and watch movies . 
 he wanted to cook for her , bring her coffee , and read the paper in bed . 
 the images streamed in a long vision that scared the living hell out of him . 
 it was more than sex , but he could n't handle it . 
 knowing he was the one who finally claimed her virginity made him want to roar with satisfaction like the primate he fought not to be . 
 slade also realized it strengthened the bond between them like an invisible , unbreakable string . 
 he 'd always be her first , and in some way , special . 
 too bad he had jacked up that good memory for her . 
 slade pushed away from the desk with a groan and wished for that minibar . 
 instead , he grabbed a chilled bottle of water and wondered what his next move would be . 
 he doubted she 'd want to match him with anyone else , and honestly , he had no desire to go out on any dates when he wanted only one woman . 
 a woman he should stay away from since he could n't offer her what she wanted , needed , and deserved . 
 even though it did n't exist . 
 his original plan to debunk the company had fizzled . 
 yes , he 'd keep an eye on jane , but kinnections was n't looking to do anything illegal or immoral . 
 in fact , the women who ran it did so with pure hearts and an intention he admired . 
 there was nothing left keeping them together . 
 slade ignored the twinge of pain in his gut and reached for the phone . 
 enough . 
 he 'd call her , apologize for his rotten behavior , and formally withdraw his name from her list . 
 he 'd hoped for an engaging affair with a woman who enchanted him , but he had no right mucking around in her life . 
 she was a woman who did n't screw around-for god 's sake , she was almost thirty and still a virgin . 
 and that meant the man she let in her life would be important . 
 sweat pricked his skin at the idea of being counted on to provide a happy ending . 
 god knows , his last client had proven the truth . 
 the poor woman was left alone with two kids while her husband moved in with his latest fling , twenty years younger and blowing through the kids ' college fund faster than he could make it back . 
 slade punched out the number . 
 `` kinnections , may i help you ? '' 
 he dragged in a breath . 
 `` hi , kennedy , it 's slade montgomery . 
 can i speak with kate , please ? '' 
 an awkward pause . 
 crap , how much did she know ? 
 did kate tell her everything ? 
 `` kate 's not here . 
 can i take a message ? '' 
 `` is she in a meeting ? 
 it 's important , i really need to know . '' 
 another pause . 
 `` actually , she 's at the vet now . 
 robert got sick . 
 i doubt she 'll be back , but maybe you can try her on her cell tonight ? '' 
 he tried to calm his racing heart . 
 `` do you know what 's wrong with him ? '' 
 `` some type of infection . 
 look , i 'd give her some time and - '' `` which vet ? '' 
 `` the animal menagerie hospital . 
 umm , slade , i do n't think you should - '' he hung up . 
 stuffed the folders in his briefcase , grabbed his suit jacket , and headed out . 
 he stopped at his secretary 's desk to forward his calls , cancel some meetings , and whizzed past his boss 's office , ignoring his pleas to pause for a chat . 
 slade knew that dog meant the world to kate . 
 he also figured she was there alone , handling things in her life like she always did , with a poised control and fierce independence that never allowed her to show weakness . 
 she would n't bother anyone else for support because she was the one who tried to take care of others . 
 not today . 
 just once , he wanted to take care of her . 
 slade refused to question his intentions as he got into his jag and headed toward verily . 
 `` will he be okay ? '' 
 kate asked the question calmly , but her lower lip trembled . 
 something had been wrong with robert , but she hated dragging him to the vet each time she suspected a problem . 
 she 'd learned to wait it out a bit , and many times it was a brief bladder problem or a minor skin infection she was able to cure by bathing him and slathering him with the special medicine the doctor had provided . 
 this morning , she 'd had to express his bladder manually and knew he was in pain . 
 every time she went through the vet 's doors , she wondered if she 'd come back out . 
 she was warned early that paraplegic dogs sometimes had many health issues along the way , but she swore to do everything possible to avoid them . 
 `` this infection definitely spread out of control , '' dr. burke informed her . 
 he stroked robert 's head with the kind affection from years of treatment and friendship . 
 `` i 'm going to put him on strong antibiotics and wait on the results from the lab . 
 lots of water , and add a splash of cranberry juice for some acid . 
 keep an eye on him and give him some extra bathing time . '' 
 relief loosened her chest . 
 they 'd gotten through some bad infections before , and usually robert fought them off like a champ . 
 his big brown eyes studied the doctor with serious intent , as if waiting for the final diagnosis . 
 kate pressed a kiss to the top of his head , held up his chin , and looked him straight in the eye . 
 `` it 's just a bad bladder infection , baby , '' she said . 
 `` meds and baths . 
 not so bad . 
 and more time with mommy . '' 
 one lick . 
 and as if he understood , he flopped his head back down on the table , totally chill that he knew it was n't serious . 
 kate smiled and quickly analyzed the next two days . 
 she 'd stay home today , but tomorrow was the big expo in manhattan . 
 it had taken two years to get kinnections into the lineup , so she had to go . 
 her mom could probably stay with robert all day and then - the door flung open . 
 slade walked in , his suit a bit rumpled , his gorgeous surfer hair mussed . 
 `` how is he ? '' 
 he demanded , making his way across the small exam room and toward robert . 
 kate 's mouth fell open . 
 `` w-w-what are you doing here ? '' 
 dr. burke frowned . 
 `` excuse me , this is a private room for owners only . '' 
 `` i 'm a friend . '' 
 his presence pumped up the room and took over . 
 kate let out another squeak , but he ignored her , bending down to look robert in the face . 
 `` how ya doing , buddy ? '' 
 the dog 's tail thumped and his expression lit up . 
 shock billowed through kate as slade stroked him , glancing from her to the doctor with a worried light in his eyes . 
 `` is he going to be okay ? '' 
 dr. burke cleared his throat . 
 `` kate ? 
 is this man a friend of yours ? '' 
 the question threw her off , but the word stumbled from her mouth without thought . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` sorry , doc . 
 slade montgomery . 
 nice to meet you . '' 
 slade shook his hand and dr. burke relaxed . 
 `` likewise . 
 as i was just telling kate , robert has a bladder infection . 
 antibiotics should work . 
 he needs to be watched , bathed , drink lots of water . 
 manual expression of his bladder if he backs up . 
 i 'll call when the lab results come in . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 `` kate , why do n't you wait outside and i 'll bring him out shortly . '' 
 slade rubbed robert 's ear and followed her out . 
 she eased into the waiting room where the animal planet network chirped merrily behind her on the small-screen tv and a golden lab waited patiently with his owner . 
 she lowered her voice . 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 why are you here ? '' 
 was that a glimmer of regret that flashed on his face or just the light ? 
 `` i called to speak with you , and ken told me you were at the vet . 
 i thought you 'd need help . 
 i was worried . '' 
 the ridiculousness of the conversation hit her hard . 
 he 'd walked out the other morning after taking her virginity . 
 and now he left work in the middle of the day to drive up to verily because he was concerned about her dog ? 
 `` robert 's fine , i 've been taking care of him for years alone and do n't need any help now . '' 
 `` who 's been taking care of you , kate ? '' 
 she stumbled back . 
 hurt sliced like a hundred paper cuts on her skin . 
 no , she could n't do this now . 
 not with him . 
 `` i take care of myself , '' she said stiffly . 
 `` you made it quite clear this is not a job you want anyway , so why are you here ? '' 
 `` i do n't know why i 'm here . 
 i 'm a mess . 
 i wanted to walk away , do the right thing by not screwing up your life . 
 but the thought of you alone here , with robert in trouble , i do n't know . '' 
 he blew out a breath . 
 `` i just thought i should come . '' 
 she stared up at him , shock keeping her immobile . 
 the truth of his words slammed her full force . 
 what kind of game was he playing ? 
 yet , he seemed just as confused , as if he was n't used to letting his heart lead . 
 as if she meant something more to him than he wanted . 
 the bees ' nest of emotion was a dangerous thing to touch , let alone explore , and kate hated getting stung . 
 before she had time to make sense out of his impromptu speech , dr. burke came out with robert in his arms . 
 `` here 's our patient . 
 i 'll call you as soon as the results get back . 
 let me know if there 's any trouble . '' 
 `` thanks , doctor . '' 
 she settled the bill and scooped up robert , then headed toward her car . 
 slade stayed close behind , helping her with the door and settling him carefully in the back . 
 `` are you taking the day off ? '' 
 slade asked . 
 kate pushed her hair back and blinked in the sun . 
 `` yeah , i 'll stay home today . 
 tomorrow i have a big expo in the city , so my mom can stay with him-oh , crap . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she leaned against the car and nibbled on her lip . 
 `` mom 's at a sex conference . '' 
 one golden brow shot up . 
 `` sex what ? '' 
 `` never mind , you so do n't want me to go there . 
 shelly can only stop in for a few hours on a weekday . 
 i better cancel the expo . 
 ken and arilyn will have to cover . '' 
 `` i 'll do it . '' 
 she cocked her head . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 the determined look on his face gave her a glimpse of what jurors saw when he wanted something . 
 a force of nature . 
 `` i 'll watch robert . 
 since the expo is in manhattan , you can drop him off at my home for the day and i 'll take care of him . '' 
 kate sputtered out a laugh . 
 `` what ? 
 absolutely not . 
 you 've never taken care of a dog before . 
 besides , you work . '' 
 `` i can do my work at home . 
 i 'm perfectly capable of watching robert and giving him whatever he needs . '' 
 `` no , i 'll stay home . '' 
 `` and miss out on this type of opportunity for kinnections ? 
 bad business if you ask me . 
 as the owner , you need to be there . '' 
 she glared . 
 unfortunately , he was right . 
 everyone worked , and she had no one to watch robert . 
 and missing out on the expo would set kinnections back . 
 she 'd already made her contacts and they expected her to show . 
 kate shifted her weight and looked for any possible outs . 
 there was n't one . 
 slade grinned . 
 `` glad you see it my way . 
 i 'll expect you around seven in the morning ? '' 
 she must be nuts . 
 `` fine . 
 if you think you can handle it , i appreciate you helping me out . '' 
 his features softened . 
 slade reached out and ran a finger down the curve of her cheek , leaving a trail of fire . 
 `` thanks for letting me , '' he murmured . 
 he left her standing on the sidewalk , watching him walk away and wondering what she had just set back in motion . 
 the next morning , kate walked into slade 's apartment and tried to calm her nerves . 
 bringing robert into slade 's personal space screamed intimacy , which was the exact opposite of what they both decided they needed . 
 still , perhaps it was slade 's way of apologizing for his awful behavior . 
 kind of like a peace offering before they officially called it splitsville . 
 even though they had no real relationship to split up , just one night . 
 her thoughts hurt her head , so she concentrated on her nosiness and gathering information . 
 the high ceilings and loftlike atmosphere pegged the trendy tribeca area , but slade kept it simple and masculine . 
 the circular glass staircase was fresh and fun , and the edgy lines of furniture , glass tables , and strong blue walls bespoke a man who knew what he liked . 
 the living room was a man cave made in heaven . 
 her heels clicked on the bamboo floors as she paused in front of the huge leather recliner . 
 she stroked the soft material and almost groaned in appreciation . 
 `` you like ? '' 
 slade cocked his hip , his jeans falling low on his h * ps and accenting his washboard stomach and long legs . 
 seemed he favored jeans now . 
 the man was sheer perfection , but even hotter in his own environment . 
 the plain black t-shirt was faded and soft , and his bare feet gave off an intimacy she really did n't want to linger on . 
 `` how could i not ? 
 i 'm saving up for a new one . 
 god , is that a remote ? '' 
 he laughed and handed it to her . 
 `` yeah , full reclining position , seat warmer , and back massager . '' 
 kate shuddered . 
 `` i 'd never leave the house . '' 
 `` you do n't need to with one of these chairs . '' 
 green eyes lit with a lazy arousal , and she was dragged back to the night they spent together , feasting on each other until their bodies collapsed in exhaustion . 
 she took a step back . 
 wet her lips . 
 `` maybe it 's good i do n't have one , then . '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 they stared at each other . 
 energy crackled with a mad glee and tempted them closer . 
 she broke the spell with deliberate precision , walking over to robert and kneeling down . 
 kate pressed her forehead to his and spoke . 
 `` slade will take care of you today . 
 be good , baby . 
 mommy will be home later . '' 
 `` i got him peanut butter and bacon treats . 
 how many barks ? '' 
 kate stood and smiled . 
 `` one for bacon , two for peanut butter . 
 i brought cranberry juice in case you did n't have any , just a splash in his water bowl . 
 i 'll give him a bath when i take him home tonight . '' 
 `` no need , i 've got a huge tub and you 'll be home late . 
 i 'll get it done . '' 
 she hesitated , then gave a jerky nod . 
 `` okay . 
 thanks . 
 i 'll call later . '' 
 `` you look nice . '' 
 her black suit was chic and fitted , and the new boots flashed a bright , shiny four-inch stacked heel . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 did her voice crack ? 
 god , she had to get out of here . 
 `` see ya . '' 
 she hurried out of the house like her ass was on fire . 
 when was the last time a man wanted to help her out , especially with her dog ? 
 he 'd taken off work and seemed sincere . 
 yesterday , she 'd picked up the phone to cancel , positive there was some type of ulterior motive to his madness . 
 but she could n't come up with a thing . 
 he 'd already seduced her , so that was off the list . 
 he was already keeping a close eye on jane and seemed satisfied with her treatment . 
 he could 've easily apologized for his statements that morning and been done with her . 
 yet her heart told her there was something bigger in his actions . 
 she thought about him all day at the javits center . 
 amidst conversations with potential clients , kate networked hard , made a solid impression on a variety of business associates who thought kinnections was the next big thing , and laughed with ken and arilyn . 
 by the time they 'd finished dinner with another matchmaking agency looking to merge and grow client databases , kate drove back to tribeca , exhausted but triumphant . 
 her company was finally getting noticed , and the future looked bright . 
 even without her gift , she believed in the skills of the team and again counted herself lucky that she could make her dream job a reality that paid the bills . 
 the only thing that would bring it to a higher level would be sharing her happiness with a man she loved . 
 who was not slade montgomery . 
 yes , he 'd wriggled himself into the seams of her life , but after tonight , she 'd pull way back . 
 no reason to torture herself with a man who was n't meant to be with her . 
 he may have had some second thoughts and tried to help her out , but continuing on this path would only hurt them both . 
 well , at least her . 
 she was buzzed into his apartment and tried not to limp as she crossed the threshold . 
 damn boots were a killer . 
 kate tried not to think of the long drive ahead and tempted herself with the image of her butt in the recliner , her sweats , and a good night 's sleep . 
 `` hey . '' 
 her heart leaped at the wide grin on his face . 
 the dragging of paws over the floors echoed and she opened her arms to welcome her companion . 
 face bright with expectation , robert licked her and they snuggled for a few minutes . 
 `` he did great . 
 i bathed him , then put the salve on his sores . 
 he peed all day and drank lots of water . 
 we had a good time , did n't we , buddy ? '' 
 robert cocked his head and gave a half nod of agreement . 
 `` why do n't you show mommy what you got today ? 
 robert , go get your bunny . '' 
 the dog turned , disappeared briefly , and returned with a fluffy stuffed bunny clasped between his teeth . 
 kate gasped . 
 `` what do you have , baby ? '' 
 she took the wet bunny from his mouth and studied it in astonishment . 
 `` he actually likes this ? '' 
 slade frowned . 
 `` what 's the matter ? 
 he 's allowed toys , right ? '' 
 `` no , that 's not the problem . 
 i 've tried to give him stuffed toys all the time and he hated them . 
 almost as if they were beneath him . 
 he only enjoyed the occasional bone or ball . '' 
 denying her statement , robert reached out , grabbed the toy , and began working the hidden squeaker . 
 chirpy sounds emitted from the bunny , and each time his ears pricked . 
 slade laughed . 
 `` guess he thinks it 's manly enough now . 
 maybe i had to give it to him so he knew it was all right . 
 probably did n't want to embarrass his mom by acting like a puppy . '' 
 pleasure bloomed as she watched him play . 
 when she finally broke her gaze , she smiled and looked up . 
 fire . 
 kate caught her breath as the connection caught and buzzed between them . 
 hunger gleamed in his green eyes , and he seemed to hold himself in a muscle lock , as if afraid to even move for fear of grabbing her . 
 she fisted her hands and prayed for strength . 
 jumping into his arms and pulling off his clothes was a bad idea . 
 she was tired , worn out , and emotionally vulnerable . 
 if she stood strong , she 'd get past this hurdle and leave him behind . 
 `` kate - '' `` i better get going , it 's really late . 
 thanks for doing this for me , i really appreciate it . '' 
 `` did you eat ? '' 
 `` yes , just came from dinner . '' 
 `` you look exhausted . 
 look , let me make you a cup of coffee before you go . 
 it 'll perk you up a bit for the drive . 
 sit down . '' 
 `` i do n't think - '' `` please . '' 
 her feet throbbed and her eyes itched . 
 coffee would probably be good . 
 a few more minutes would n't hurt . 
 she nodded . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 he disappeared into the kitchen . 
 `` why do n't you try out the recliner ? '' 
 he called out . 
 `` the remote 's on the table . '' 
 a merry squeak of agreement cut through the air . 
 she shook her head and eased onto the chair . 
 the supple leather cradled her rear , and it was already warm . 
 she cranked up the heat a digit more , reclined the seat back , and swallowed a moan . 
 best . 
 chair . 
 ever . 
 with her feet up , the blood flowed back into her toes . 
 `` this thing should be illegal . '' 
 his laugh echoed . 
 the scent of freshly ground beans drifted from the kitchen . 
 `` is this where you make the magic happen for your clients ? '' 
 `` nah , that 's where i recover . '' 
 `` what made you decide to go into divorce law ? 
 were your parents divorced ? '' 
 he materialized beside her with a mug . 
 she went to get up , but he stopped her . 
 `` no , stay and relax . '' 
 she took the cup and sipped the strong , hearty brew . 
 heaven . 
 `` my parents died in a car crash , so no , i ca n't claim a set of emotionally abusive parents . 
 i just kept seeing the effects of what broken relationships did , even before marriage . 
 too many times one person gets screwed . 
 i wanted to fight and be the voice for him . 
 or her . '' 
 fascinated , she probed his gaze . 
 behind that charming , seductive exterior beat the heart of a complicated man . 
 she 'd gotten glimpses of it the night they spent together , but kate bet there was a world more to discover . 
 a pang hit her when she realized she would n't be the woman to complete the treasure hunt . 
 `` i 'm sorry about your parents , '' she said softly . 
 `` my dad died a few years back and there 's still a hole inside . 
 jane is lucky to have you looking out for her . '' 
 `` she 's not letting me do much anymore . 
 but i still feel responsible . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 she asked curiously . 
 `` what happened that has you so afraid jane will get hurt ? '' 
 he shifted his feet and she prepared herself for the expert dodge of her question . 
 instead , he dragged in a breath and answered . 
 `` jane was very emotionally sensitive . 
 she was bullied in school and had some bad relationships with men who used her . 
 after our parents died , i tried to look out for her . 
 she got involved with this guy who was a musician . 
 i knew it was a disaster from the beginning , but she refused to listen . 
 he ended up taking all her savings and leaving town . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i came home one night , walked in the bathroom , and found her lying on the floor . 
 she had overdosed on pills and was unconscious . 
 got her to the hospital in time , they pumped her stomach , but it was a while before she mentally came back . 
 that son of a bitch had broken her . 
 she 'd believed in him , and he 'd broken her heart . '' 
 she did n't answer for a while . 
 the air between them heightened with awareness , and kate sensed he rarely told anyone about that part of his life . 
 `` love is a funny thing , '' kate said softly . 
 `` if we do n't love ourselves first , the emotion can be redirected in harmful ways . 
 i 've seen jane these past few weeks . 
 she 's grown , she 's confident , and she 's ready for this journey . 
 i do n't think she would 've made it this far without you . 
 personally , i think the woman you give your heart to is lucky . 
 she gets it for life . '' 
 emotion clogged her throat and she fought the urge to scurry out of his house like a rat escaping an exterminator . 
 it was just too much . 
 his green eyes darkened as if he sensed her need to run . 
 `` i 'm sorry about that morning , kate . '' 
 his simple apology blasted the room like cannon fire . 
 `` i was an a ** hole . '' 
 she fought a half laugh . 
 god , the man even knew how to apologize correctly . 
 `` accepted . 
 we were both a bit off-kilter . '' 
 `` i panicked . '' 
 `` yeah , i seem to do that to men . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` i 'm kind of nuts about you . 
 and the night we spent together was one of the best in my life . '' 
 `` and here comes the but . '' 
 `` but i do n't think i can give you what you need . '' 
 the grief surprised her , but kate had a new respect for this man willing to face the truth . 
 `` i know . '' 
 he jerked back . 
 `` you do ? '' 
 she gave a sad smile . 
 `` i want marriage . 
 children . 
 a man to say he loves me and means it with his whole heart . 
 i want a guy to love robert like his own and be willing to involve himself in the chaotic mess that 's life with no guarantees . 
 i need someone with a lot of courage . 
 because that 's what it takes to even have a fighting chance with someone . '' 
 he looked stung by her words , but kate was tired of pretending . 
 better to clear the air now , accept their insane connection , but move onward logically . 
 it was the only way . 
 `` ouch . '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 he fell back on the other chair and pondered his cup . 
 `` perhaps you 're right . 
 day after day of watching people pick up the broken pieces does n't give me much hope . 
 i 'll pull out of kinnections . '' 
 `` you 're not afraid we 'll take all of jane 's money and match her with a con artist ? '' 
 slade shook his head . 
 `` nah , i still think you 're misguided by mistaken beliefs , but you 'll take care of jane . '' 
 she thought of him alone , in his beautiful apartment , working night and day to counsel heartbroken couples , reaffirming that there is no hope or happily ever after . 
 no . 
 he deserved more , dammit , even though she was n't meant to be his . 
 `` i think you should stay on as a client . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because i do n't only match couples who want the big ending , you know . 
 there are plenty of women out there who hold the same belief as you do , and they 're wary of getting involved again . 
 you said you wanted a companion . 
 a friend . 
 maybe a family down the line . 
 what if there 's a match for you with a woman with the same ideals ? 
 i 'll have kennedy go back to the beginning and we 'll give it another shot . '' 
 slade studied her in the dim light . 
 `` i ca n't keep up with you . '' 
 `` good , do n't try . 
 just give us one more shot . '' 
 `` no more hot yoga or makeovers ? '' 
 kate laughed . 
 `` no , you completed the process . 
 we 'll just refit the puzzle pieces and see if we can match you with someone more your kind . 
 less ... '' `` pollyanna ? '' 
 she scowled . 
 `` expectant . 
 deal ? '' 
 he put his feet up on the matching ottoman and leaned back . 
 `` can i skip the mixers ? '' 
 `` maybe . 
 i 'll leave it in ken 's hands . '' 
 `` okay . 
 i 'll try again . '' 
 a comfortable silence settled between them . 
 the connection still sizzled , but there was a deeper softness to it , almost as if by acknowledging the desire and accepting it , they were able to move forward . 
 kate sipped her brew , and the flicker of the movie on the massive screen pulled her attention . 
 `` oh , my god , one of my faves . 
 the hangover ! 
 the original ! '' 
 `` me , too . 
 turn it up . '' 
 she pumped up the volume and watched the city of vegas sprawled before her . 
 `` classic . '' 
 `` not as much as office space , though . '' 
 she gasped . 
 `` you love that too ? 
 i watch it all the time . 
 have every line memorized . '' 
 `` women hate that movie . '' 
 she stuck out her tongue and pulled the fleece blanket over her weary legs . 
 `` do n't be chauvinistic . 
 i 'm a comedy addict . '' 
 `` all-time champion ? '' 
 she crinkled her nose and thought hard . 
 `` still wedding crashers . 
 vaughn was pure genius . '' 
 `` agreed . '' 
 the heat from the seat warmed and softened her muscles , and kate relaxed into the leather , the coffee hot on her tongue , the blanket soft on her body . 
 she did n't remember when she lay the mug down and decided it was almost time to go . 
 did n't remember much of the conversation back and forth as they discussed the best comedies of all time and argued their fine points . 
 her last thought before the room went fuzzy was how much she liked slade montgomery , and how sad it was he did n't believe in love . 
 slade watched her sleep . 
 sometime during their feisty dialogue , he realized she was fading , but he did n't want to push her out the door . 
 robert had already stopped squeaking and dozed in his special bed , a doggy grin on his face from the day 's events . 
 he waited till her head lolled to the side and golden strands of hair slid over her cheek . 
 warmth radiated inside his chest . 
 who would 've thought she shared his wicked sense of humor , love of banter , and obsession with raunchy comedies ? 
 he wished she were a divorcee , jaded and looking for a life of companionship rather than magical emotions . 
 they 'd be perfect together . 
 he held back a wimpy sigh and got up . 
 cleaned the mugs , turned out the lights , and flicked off the tv . 
 she grunted softly and adjusted . 
 his hands itched to carry her into his bed , strip her nak * d , and thrust between her thighs . 
 her scent still haunted him , and slade swore he 'd never be able to go to a carnival again without remembering her heady sugary scent , like spun cotton candy in his mouth when he tasted her . 
 instead , he did the right thing . 
 tucked the blanket carefully around her legs , smoothed back her tumbled hair , and pressed a kiss to her forehead . 
 she smiled in her sleep , and if he had a heart left to give , it would 've broken right there . 
 slade trudged into his room alone and left her asleep . 
 when he woke up in the morning , he headed out toward the living room , prepared to make her a killer breakfast , take care of robert , and spend a little more time with her . 
 but she was gone . 
 the blanket was neatly folded and lay upon the table . 
 robert 's bowls were placed in the sink . 
 his chest tightened with a strange feeling , and emptiness pulsed in his gut . 
 she had n't even left a note . 
 just a vacant space that still smelled of her sweet scent , and a silence that cut through him with an agony he never experienced . 
 chapter thirteen you want me to set him up with another woman . '' 
 kennedy shared a glance with arilyn . 
 they had gathered at kate 's house after work to go over the expo and play catch-up . 
 they lounged around her living room-arilyn cross - legged on the throw rug , kennedy stretched out on the sofa , and kate holding her throne in her recliner . 
 they wore comfy sweats and t-shirts , and had already blown through most of the large cheese pie . 
 a bottle of chardonnay held only a few dregs left . 
 the television droned the last credits of a weepy chick flick . 
 kate had lost the bet and arilyn had won . 
 steel daisies or something ridiculous like that . 
 robert snoozed contentedly in his doggy bed next to his bunny , still sated on the remains of the pizza crust arilyn and ken sneaked to him . 
 kate had to give them credit ; they 'd left her alone most of the week and refused to pose questions regarding her night with slade . 
 she 'd avoided telling her kinnections crew in order to buy a bit more time to settle her emotions . 
 she knew it cost ken the most . 
 her friend actually had an eye twitch , bursting at the seams for all the details , so she 'd finally broken down and invited them over for pizza night . 
 `` yes , '' kate finally answered . 
 `` i want you to set him up with another woman . '' 
 kennedy tapped her fuchsia nails against her lip and waited a few beats . 
 `` you did sleep with him , right ? '' 
 kate gave up and gave in . 
 `` yeah , i did . '' 
 ken arched a brow . 
 `` well ? 
 details , please . 
 all of it . '' 
 she sighed and briefly went over their encounter . 
 silence beat in the room for a while as her friends processed the information . 
 `` god , kate , you had a frickin ' orgasm your first time ? '' 
 ken groaned . 
 `` you are so lucky . 
 it took me forever to even discover why women liked sex in the first place . '' 
 kate tilted her head . 
 `` no way . 
 you did n't cli ** x your first time ? '' 
 ken snorted . 
 `` not even close . 
 until i met bad boy caleb street . 
 he was three years older and drove a motorcycle . 
 i snuck out one night from my window and he took me for a ride . '' 
 she gave a lusty sigh . 
 `` what a ride it was . 
 after that i swore off nice men forever , they 're too disappointing . 
 how about you , arilyn ? '' 
 arilyn shifted her strawberry hair to the other shoulder . 
 `` nope . 
 he did n't even know what a cl * t was , let alone how to find it . '' 
 kate smothered a laugh at her friend 's crass statement . 
 `` wow , i had no idea it was that hard . 
 actually , he gave me three . '' 
 they stared at her as if she 'd sprouted two heads . 
 `` three ? '' 
 ken choked out . 
 `` he 's a master . '' 
 heat bloomed on her cheeks , but she felt a weird type of pride in her lover 's expertise . 
 `` yeah , too bad my being a virgin totally freaked him out . 
 i mean , really , what 's the big deal ? '' 
 arilyn shook her head . 
 `` he was probably feeling too close to you . 
 when men bond , the first thing they do is try to cut the ties . 
 sort of like a wolf caught in a trap . 
 they 'll chew their own paw off just to get free . '' 
 ken laughed . 
 `` nice visual . 
 hell , it 's not like you told him you loved him and wanted to get married . 
 you were super cool about it . 
 okay , so let 's go over the summary one more time . 
 you had amazing sex , he acted like a dick , you kind of broke up , and now you want me to keep him in kinnections and find him other dates ? '' 
 `` correct . '' 
 arilyn leaned forward and rested her thumbs on her knees . 
 `` sweetie , do you think that 's healthy ? 
 maybe we should just cut him loose . '' 
 `` no . 
 we need a crop of new women . 
 i made a tactical error thinking i could force slade to believe in love , but we 'll never win that battle . 
 we need to match him with a woman with the same philosophies . 
 he 'll feel safe with her , and perhaps be able to open up to a long-term relationship . '' 
 arilyn nodded in agreement , but kate knew she was already reaching for her counseling tools . 
 `` okay , if that 's what you truly want . 
 you 're ready to release him to another ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` bullshit . '' 
 kennedy glared and stabbed a finger through the air . 
 `` you 're into him . 
 we tried this before , and he ended up at your front door and took you to bed . 
 what makes you think it wo n't happen again ? '' 
 kate crossed her arms in front of her chest . 
 `` we understand each other now . 
 realized we want different things . 
 besides , we needed to get the sex out of our system . '' 
 `` did it bring back the touch ? '' 
 kate snagged her wineglass and drained it dry . 
 `` no , '' she muttered . 
 her friends let out deep sighs . 
 `` aww , shit , '' ken said . 
 `` i really thought the sex would do it . 
 what did your mother say ? '' 
 `` one visit was enough , thank you . 
 she almost got me arrested by sneaking a joint into my purse . 
 i refuse to bother her with this . 
 we 'll just move forward and see if it comes back . 
 besides , we 're set up for success with or without my extra benefit . 
 let 's not lose sight of the goal . '' 
 arilyn nodded with enthusiasm . 
 `` kate 's right . 
 this is happening for a reason to lead her in the next step of a journey . 
 we 'll be patient and open . 
 let the universe guide us . '' 
 `` me and the universe do not have the same understanding . 
 i find success happens when you kick the universe 's ass and do what you want , '' ken said . 
 arilyn gave her a pointed look . 
 `` maybe you need a session of hot yoga . '' 
 `` maybe i need a session of something else hot but much more pleasant . '' 
 kate fought a grin . 
 `` are we in agreement ? 
 ken will take over slade 's matchmaking and we 'll move on . '' 
 ken blew out a disgusted breath . 
 `` fine . 
 i think this plan sucks , but i 'll do it for you . 
 at least he was nice enough to watch robert so you could go to the expo . '' 
 the image of waking up in slade 's house flashed before her . 
 tucked in the blanket with robert at her feet , she felt safe . 
 taken care of . 
 he had n't tried to drag her into bed or leverage their sexual attraction . 
 she pictured them having a cozy breakfast together and completely lost it . 
 there was no way she could continue fighting her instinct to surrender to him . 
 so , in the middle of the night , she 'd packed robert up and sneaked out like a bad one-night stand . 
 she wondered if he missed her when he woke up . 
 she wondered if he even cared or thought twice , or was just relieved he would n't have to deal with her company . 
 yeah , she was officially nuts and nuts about him . 
 she had to set him up with another woman before it was too late . 
 `` oh , look , 9 to 5 is on ! '' 
 ken shrieked . 
 kate swiveled her head . 
 the classic female buddy movie always made her laugh . 
 arilyn jumped up and down with excitement . 
 `` i love this movie ! 
 we need more wine . '' 
 `` i 'll get it . '' 
 kate trudged to the kitchen to snag another bottle . 
 `` my favorite is when they all get high and imagine creative ways to kill their boss . '' 
 `` i love when they wheel the dead body out of the hospital and get caught with it in the trunk ! '' 
 `` wait ! '' 
 kennedy called out . 
 `` i have an idea . '' 
 kate and arilyn looked at each other . 
 `` that 's never a good thing , ken . 
 your ideas usually involve breaking the law or cute boys . '' 
 her friend practically preened . 
 `` it 's girls ' night . 
 we need to let loose . 
 and i bet kate still has that joint madeline gave her . 
 do n't you , chickie ? '' 
 `` you want to get high ? '' 
 kate shrilled . 
 `` hell , yeah . 
 go get it . '' 
 kate paused only a moment . 
 arilyn looked intrigued by the idea . 
 and for a little while , she did n't want to worry about slade or rules or anything . 
 she wanted to hang with her best friends and let loose . 
 `` okay , i 'll get it . '' 
 she scooped it out of the zippered pocket of her purse , searched her junk drawer for matches , and brought it into the living room . 
 they all sat close together around the battered coffee table as dolly parton strutted her stuff in the boss 's office . 
 `` i ca n't believe we 're doing this , '' arilyn muttered . 
 but she took the joint , sucked in a deep breath , and held it . 
 kate and kennedy giggled like teenagers and passed it around . 
 `` you should 've seen slade 's face when it rolled out of my purse ! '' 
 kate said , inhaling hard . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 arilyn asked . 
 kate snorted . 
 `` i denied the whole thing ! 
 said it was n't mine ! '' 
 that collapsed them into more laughter . 
 `` why do men have to make life so complicated ? '' 
 kennedy grumbled , expertly plucking the joint between her fingers and placing it against her lips . 
 arilyn let out a dreamy sigh . 
 `` because they 're the other half of us . 
 it 's supposed to be complicated . '' 
 `` is your new yoga teacher complicating things for you , arilyn ? '' 
 ken asked slyly . 
 kate studied her friend 's blooming cheeks . 
 `` are you having an affair with your instructor ? '' 
 she asked in surprise . 
 arilyn was hard-core when it came to not dating her instructors or students . 
 she held herself to a higher standard than others . 
 arilyn frowned and gracefully stole back the joint . 
 `` i had a relapse . 
 once . 
 twice . 
 okay , maybe a few times . '' 
 ken leaned in . 
 `` how fun . 
 are you hiding it from everyone ? 
 do you do it in his office or after hours ? '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 kate laughed . 
 arilyn was always able to surprise her by challenging ken 's gutsy questions . 
 `` let 's just say downward facing dog will never be the same for me . '' 
 ken sucked in a breath . 
 `` you go , girl . '' 
 `` it 's nothing long-term . 
 he does n't believe in monogamy , so i wo n't be staying with him for long . '' 
 kate let out a long breath . 
 `` slade does n't either . 
 he believes in oxytocin . 
 a hormone that 's emitted after sex and disguised as love . '' 
 arilyn pushed the joint into her hands . 
 `` here , sweetie . 
 have another hit . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` i say we do n't need any men . 
 i say screw them . '' 
 kate nodded at kennedy 's booming statement . 
 funny , her head was floating a bit off the top of her shoulders , but she looked good that way . 
 almost like a fairy . 
 `` yeah , you 're right . 
 we do n't need men at all . 
 all we need is each other . '' 
 `` and good movies , '' arilyn chimed in . 
 `` and wine , '' ken declared . 
 `` forever and ever ! '' 
 `` girl power ! '' 
 they all shouted . 
 she did n't remember what happened afterward . 
 the room drifted , warm and cozy , and her friends voices were like music in her ears . 
 she floated to a happy place , where she did n't care about slade montgomery or his next date or his stupid oxytocin . 
 from now on , she 'd concentrate on her own journey and have fun and maybe eventually find someone who loved her back . 
 someday . 
 `` your place looks great , jane . 
 so do you . '' 
 slade took in his little sister with a bit of a pang . 
 she was different . 
 yes , still sweet underneath , a bit shy , but she walked with a feminine confidence he 'd never seen before . 
 he was definitely screwed up . 
 all he 'd wanted was for her to stand strong on her own , but now he felt as if she did n't need him anymore . 
 jane smiled and pushed over the chips and dip , his weakness . 
 the place was small but happily cluttered , with various books , papers , and magazines scattered among antique tables , a deep sectional , and a tiny breakfast nook that held french doors opening onto a patio . 
 spring tinged the air with a teasing freshness , and he pictured her outside planting a garden . 
 she always had a green thumb but could n't really experiment with their place in the city . 
 from the eclectic pottery and watercolors , he finally caught a sense of jane 's true taste . 
 `` thanks , big brother . 
 i told you i would be okay . 
 verily is the perfect fit for me . 
 i 'm even taking a pottery class on the weekend , and brian is teaching a creative poetry workshop i plan on attending . '' 
 her work always drowned out most of her social activities , and she 'd been afraid to push outside her social barriers . 
 now , she seemed relaxed in her well-fit jeans , coach sneakers , and sequined black t-shirt . 
 her hair had been tamed and pulled back to accentuate the strong lines of her face , and her trendy new glasses brought out a confident edge she 'd never exhibited before . 
 slade grabbed a handful of chips . 
 `` so , tell me about this brian . '' 
 her gaze narrowed , probably from past experience . 
 `` do n't start . '' 
 he laughed and threw his hands up . 
 `` i 'm not , i promise . 
 i really just want to know about him . 
 i have no intentions of sticking my nose in your personal life anymore . '' 
 jane wrinkled her nose . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because you seem happy and healthy . '' 
 his voice caught with emotion . 
 `` that 's all i ever wanted . '' 
 her face softened , and she snagged his hand to give it a quick squeeze . 
 `` thank you for that . 
 brian is great . 
 kate said we were moving a bit fast , but she seemed to trust my judgment . 
 we get along well , have similar interests , and decided to be monogamous . '' 
 `` hmm , it 's only been two weeks , though , right ? '' 
 `` slade . '' 
 `` i know , sorry . 
 hard habit to break . 
 just listen to your gut . 
 if you feel like he 's going too fast , slow it down . 
 you 're in control . '' 
 `` got it . 
 right now i 'm going with the flow and enjoying every moment . '' 
 worry nagged at him . 
 kate was definitely keeping an eye on his sister , especially if she made that comment . 
 maybe he should talk to her briefly about brian . 
 not to cause any trouble , but to make sure kate realized the implications if this guy was n't being careful . 
 how many times did men throw themselves into a relationship only to get spooked when they realized it was the real stuff ? 
 it was a weakness in his gender he knew quite well . 
 slade glanced at his watch . 
 maybe he 'd drop by her house , check on robert , and ask some innocent questions . 
 he spent the next hour catching up and snacking before he made his way out . 
 should he call first ? 
 what if she told him not to come by ? 
 ever since that morning , it seemed they had an agreement to stay away from each other . 
 kennedy already had a date lined up for him this friday night , and there was no real reason to contact kate . 
 still , he was in the area and he really was a bit concerned about jane . 
 slade maneuvered his way through the town . 
 crowds spilled over the sidewalks , walking dogs , lingering with coffee at outside cafes . 
 the river flowed , the frost and ice finally broken up , and the bridge gleamed in the partially cloudy sky . 
 funny , he was actually growing to enjoy the little town . 
 a bit eclectic , with artists sporting purple hair , piercings , and tattoos galore , but at the same time there was a level of acceptance and positive energy flowing through the crooked streets . 
 he passed a sign advertising hot yoga and winced . 
 her fusion was parked in the driveway when he pulled up . 
 he fought the urge to swipe his palms down his pants and wondered what the hell was wrong with him . 
 nothing to be nervous about , just a quick stopover to chat about his sister . 
 he rang the bell and waited . 
 when she opened the door , he knew why he 'd been wary . 
 she took his breath away . 
 hair caught up in a ponytail , face bare of makeup , she wore black yoga pants , reebok sneakers , and a baggy yellow t-shirt . 
 her blue eyes widened when she caught sight of him . 
 her presence jacked his body to life , and he tamped down the urge to step through the door , haul her into his arms , and kiss her senseless . 
 she was so frickin ' beautiful and real . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` came from visiting jane . 
 wanted to check on robert . '' 
 of course , it was almost two weeks that had passed , and he knew the infection was completely cleared up . 
 her brow hiked as if she suspected his lame excuse , but she opened the door anyway . 
 `` come on in . 
 robert , slade 's here ! '' 
 the scurry of paws echoed through the air . 
 the dog raced over to him and crashed into his open arms . 
 slade laughed , petting him , then leaned over to press his forehead to his . 
 `` hey , buddy . 
 i missed you . 
 feeling good ? '' 
 he barked once . 
 `` i 'll take that as a yes . 
 do you still have bunny ? '' 
 robert turned , vanished into the living room , and charged back with the tattered , sopping-wet bunny in his mouth . 
 a fierce pleasure pounded through slade , knowing the dog still loved the gift . 
 kate shook her head and grinned . 
 `` it 's his favorite thing in the world . 
 i insisted on washing it the other day , and he waited in front of the dryer for half an hour . '' 
 his throat tightened . 
 `` i 'm glad . '' 
 he straightened up and hungrily took her in . 
 her cheeks were flushed , but he figured she 'd been exercising . 
 thinking it was over him would hurt too much . 
 `` am i interrupting ? '' 
 she shifted her feet . 
 `` i was going to take robert to the dog park . 
 let him run a bit . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 he stared at her like a teenage chump . 
 `` maybe i can come with you ? 
 i want to talk to you about something . '' 
 kate hesitated and pulled her lower lip between her teeth . 
 his gaze focused on those lush , pale pink lips and he wished to hell she was sucking on something else . 
 `` i guess so . '' 
 her reluctance made him grin . 
 always trying to get rid of him , even from the first . 
 `` great . 
 let 's go . '' 
 he reached for the cart , called for robert , and deftly hooked up the straps . 
 she grabbed two water bottles , a ny mets ball cap , and headed out the door . 
 their long strides ate up the pavement as they walked into town , and the wheels of robert 's cart steadily whirled . 
 `` baseball fan ? '' 
 he pointed to the cap perched on her head . 
 damn , she looked adorable with her ponytail bouncing . 
 kate laughed . 
 `` nah , gen 's sister alexa is a huge mets fan . 
 she gives out gear for birthdays and christmas . '' 
 `` hope her husband is n't a yankees fan . '' 
 `` uh , yeah , better not go there . 
 how about you ? 
 sports guy ? '' 
 `` no time . 
 but i watch the olympics . '' 
 `` hard-core . '' 
 the dog park was half filled with a variety of breeds . 
 kate opened the gate , which housed a large lawn , various toys , and huge water bowls . 
 exchanging greetings with the other owners , they leaned against the gate and watched robert take off in his cart , whizzing round and round with his ears pinned back and his tongue lolling in ecstasy . 
 slade relaxed , chuckling at the simple pleasures of taking a walk on a beautiful early spring afternoon . 
 usually he was at the office catching up on work , at the gym , or trying to do something halfway productive . 
 `` what did you want to talk to me about ? '' 
 oh . 
 right . 
 back to the real goal of his visit . 
 `` jane . 
 i just came from her house . '' 
 kate let out a sigh . 
 `` you know i ca n't discuss her situation , right ? '' 
 `` no , this is different . 
 she told me she 's dating this guy brian , a poetry teacher , and things are getting a bit intense . 
 said you advised she was going too fast . 
 what did you mean by that comment ? '' 
 she watched robert run and seemed to mull over her answer . 
 `` i ca n't give you much without breaking confidentiality . 
 i always counsel my clients on diving in too fast , just in case . 
 i always advocate slow and steady because it seems to work better for the percentages of successful relationships . '' 
 he strummed the gate with his fingers . 
 `` do you think she 's in any trouble ? '' 
 kate shook her head . 
 `` jane seems fully capable of handling the situation . 
 that 's all i can say for now , which was probably too much . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` good enough . '' 
 `` that 's it ? '' 
 she teased . 
 `` you trust me now ? 
 do n't think i 'll raise my prices and make jane mortgage her apartment ? '' 
 he studied her face , her soft smile , and shining eyes and wondered if he 'd ever get over her . 
 `` i trust you , kate . '' 
 the words drifted softly in the breeze . 
 she stiffened , recognizing the hidden meaning in his statement , and she stepped closer . 
 time stopped . 
 sexual energy swarmed and pulled them together . 
 helpless to resist the spell as luring and sweet as spring , he bent over and touched his lips to hers . 
 the kiss was gentle . 
 undemanding . 
 a slight brush of the lightest touch , whisper soft and as heady as a shot of adrenaline on a bungee jump . 
 her eyes darkened to a stormy navy blue . 
 he scented her arousal from here , and his nostrils flared with the need to take , claim , possess . 
 instead , he swallowed a curse and drew back . 
 he did n't apologize , and she did n't demand one . 
 they stared at each other for a while , until robert 's barking broke through their bubble and dragged them back to reality . 
 `` want to visit the doggie bakery ? '' 
 kate asked . 
 robert barked twice . 
 `` somehow , i do n't think that was a no , '' slade said . 
 `` let 's go , buddy . '' 
 they strolled into town . 
 stopped in the bakery for robert and got him a frosted , organic peanut butter donut and a pepperoni twist for later . 
 the swan pastry shop was next door , and slade dragged her inside and bought a bag of biscotti , honey almond , double chocolate , and lemon divine . 
 they munched and weaved their way through the crowds , admiring art in the windows , and spent almost an hour in the secondhand bookshop . 
 the smell of leather and paper hung heavily in the air , and he breathed it in like a drug . 
 he purchased a biography of fdr and got her the history of the pit bull , which featured a glossy photo that looked exactly like robert . 
 after a satisfying lunch at the hot dog truck , they sipped chocolate mochas and then headed back . 
 the wind grew crisp and the sun disappeared , signaling an end to the idyllic day . 
 when he stopped in front of her house , regret pierced him . 
 he wanted to come inside , cuddle up on her worn-out recliner , and watch the sunset . 
 he wanted ... he cut off the thought and forced the words out . 
 `` i have a date tonight . '' 
 she stiffened . 
 then nodded . 
 `` that 's good . 
 who with ? '' 
 `` tammy . 
 i spoke with her on the phone a few times . 
 seems nice . 
 different from the others-a bit older and seems to hold similar philosophies . '' 
 slade ached for her to meet his gaze , but she ducked her head and concentrated on finding her keys . 
 `` ken knows what she 's doing . 
 i hope it works out . 
 thanks for keeping me company today . '' 
 `` thanks for telling me about jane . '' 
 `` welcome . '' 
 the key slid in the lock and she opened the door . 
 `` see ya . '' 
 he petted robert good-bye and watched them disappear . 
 the light went on in the living room , and soon the sounds of the tv drifted through the half-open window . 
 he stood on the pavement for a while , looking in before finally turning away . 
 this time , he did n't look back . 
 tammy . 
 she hated her already . 
 kate stabbed her spoon into the small carton of chunky monkey and shoved it into her mouth . 
 why did he have to appear on her doorstep today of all days ? 
 before his date with another woman who was probably perfectly matched ? 
 she 'd been fine these past two weeks . 
 better than fine . 
 she was almost cured of slade montgomery , and that wicked one night , and decided she may even want to date . 
 soon . 
 very soon . 
 but now he screwed up her head again , with those gorgeous jungle eyes , and sinful mouth , and tousled golden hair . 
 his scent was a delicious mixture of ginger and spice that made her want to howl like a bitch in heat . 
 she wished she had never introduced him to the idea of jeans , because those levi 's molded his ass and showed off his other assets . 
 assets she had personally explored and enjoyed . 
 assets that were n't hers anymore . 
 assets that tammy better keep her hands off of . 
 kate fumed and ate . 
 she glared at the tv where the 40-year-old virgin played and did n't even gain a chuckle . 
 if steve carell failed , she was doomed . 
 even the extra fudge chunks were n't helping . 
 groaning in defeat , she wondered if she should climb out of her sweats and go out . 
 mugs was still open , and a call to kennedy would give her a date . 
 she could have a few beers and socialize instead of sinking into a black depression alone , regarding a man who was not meant for her . 
 life kind of sucked . 
 the idea of putting her feet into boots instead of her fuzzy slippers confirmed her choice . 
 she finished the carton , tipped back two glasses of wine , and let her mind fade into television numbness . 
 somewhere she read that every hour spent sitting and watching tv cut off her life by two minutes . 
 oh , goody . 
 maybe she 'd be done with this hell sooner rather than later . 
 forget it . 
 she 'd go to bed early , switch off her brain , and be better in the morning . 
 and she 'd be much more careful about letting slade into her house or even engaging in a conversation . 
 he was too dangerous , and she was an addict . 
 kate shut off the tv , turned out the lights , and stomped to bed . 
 `` i 'm so glad we finally set this up . '' 
 `` me , too . '' 
 slade gazed at the woman across the table . 
 her black hair was fashionably short and her smile real . 
 she liked the gym , worked as an attorney in property law , and was divorced . 
 so far , the date had gone perfectly , and he honestly liked her . 
 `` i 'm surprised you 're open to a matchmaking firm , '' she commented , cutting into her steak . 
 her appetite was so much better than those of the other women he took out . 
 not as good as kate 's , of course , but still worthy of his need for consistent gourmet food . 
 `` i interned for a divorce firm in my younger days and it 's a real bitch . 
 kind of ruins your idea of a happy ending . '' 
 surprised at her astuteness , he grinned . 
 `` yeah , i got slightly singed along the way . '' 
 `` more like roasted , i bet . '' 
 he chuckled and took a sip of wine . 
 `` let 's just say i 'm open to the idea of a companion . 
 someone without high ideals but willing to date and explore a relationship on rational terms . '' 
 she nodded with approval . 
 `` me , too . 
 freaks me out when a guy starts talking about his biological clock or settling down . 
 i love my work , my life , and have plenty of hobbies . 
 but sharing it would be nice . 
 seeing what happens . '' 
 `` exactly . '' 
 ken had hit the jackpot . 
 not only did he like tammy , she was attractive and matched his sense of humor . 
 the pieces he 'd been searching for clicked into place . 
 they finished dessert-the woman actually had cake without an apology-and made their way out of the restaurant . 
 she chattered a bit as he walked her to the car , and slade hesitated . 
 should he invite her back ? 
 no , better off waiting for the next time . 
 and there 'd definitely be a next time . 
 `` i had a great time . 
 do you want to go out again ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` definitely . 
 i 'll give you a call this week . 
 i 'm glad we met . '' 
 `` me , too . '' 
 she lifted herself up on tiptoe and gave him a peck on the lips . 
 `` good night . '' '' 
 ` night . '' 
 he watched her pull away . 
 he was back on track . 
 this was the type of woman he needed in his life , one who understood him , knew how life worked , and was eager to meet him halfway . 
 he got into his jag and started home . 
 cranking up the radio , he listened to daughtry croon about the start of something good , and pictured his future . 
 partner at his law firm . 
 a beautiful , intelligent woman sharing some good moments . 
 jane happy . 
 his designer apartment . 
 life was indeed good . 
 the words of the song hit his ears and his gut at the same time . 
 this was what he wanted , right ? 
 what he had always wanted ? 
 this was the best it was going to get . 
 he thought about his afternoon with kate . 
 about robert . 
 about the empty ache in his gut that never seemed to get full , no matter what food he ate or alcohol he drank or work he did . 
 he remembered when he touched tammy , and the pleasantness of her company , and how on every rational level she seemed the perfect fit . 
 but she was n't kate . 
 he was in love with kate . 
 the knowledge sank in and tore at his flesh like talons . 
 no . 
 not possible . 
 he did n't believe in love , or at least not in love that lasted . 
 she 'd wreck him to pieces and make his existence a mess . 
 she 'd turn him upside down and inside out and never stay in the carefully drawn lines of his life . 
 tonight , he did n't care . 
 tonight , he needed her . 
 craved her . 
 his blood roared in his veins , and he stomped on the accelerator , making his way toward verily . 
 time passed in a blur , and slade felt drunk as he finally reached her house and stumbled out of the car . 
 vision blurred , he pounded on the door , and waited . 
 she stood on the threshold , her arms clutched around a short , silky robe thing . 
 pink fuzzy slippers . 
 her hair tumbled over her shoulders and her eyes were sleep blurred as she stared at him . 
 her mouth formed a little o of surprise , and she shifted from one foot to the other as if trying to decide to invite him in or slam the door in his face . 
 `` the date was perfect . 
 tammy was perfect , '' he said . 
 `` then go to her . 
 i ca n't do this , slade . 
 i ca n't . '' 
 her voice broke and he was lost . 
 he stretched out his hands in surrender . 
 `` i do n't want her , kate . 
 i only want you . 
 i 'm ... empty without you . '' 
 she blinked . 
 a sheen of tears threatened , and he waited for her to push him away and retreat for safety . 
 instead , she reached over and pulled him into her arms . 
 her body was on fire . 
 soft flesh hit his chest , surrounded him . 
 he groaned deep in his chest and took her mouth , drowning in her taste , plunging his tongue deep to drink and drink , wondering if he 'd ever be sated . 
 he kicked the door closed with his foot , lifted her up , and took her into the bedroom . 
 ripped his clothes off , tugging at her robe until her br ** sts were bared to his sight . 
 her n ** ples peaked hard and tight , and he sucked them into his mouth , licking , biting until she arched and cried out in pleasure . 
 her scent soaked his nostrils and the connection between them seethed with electricity . 
 she opened her thighs to him and his fingers dove into the sweet honey , coating her cl * t and teasing her to that first cli ** x . 
 she shuddered and dug her nails deep into his shoulders . 
 slade watched her come apart with a fierce satisfaction , but he was nowhere near done , barely skimming the surface of what he wanted to rack from her body . 
 he kissed his way down her stomach , parted her swollen lips , and rubbed his mouth over her p ** sy , scraping his jaw on her quivering inner thighs , licking and sucking her cl * t until she pulled at his hair and writhed beneath him , surrendering to her second cli ** x . 
 he gave her the suction needed to keep the orgasm going , pinning her thighs down to the mattress and licking her slit , his fingers still working in and out of her channel , trying to drag him in . 
 his dick throbbed , but he refused to be done yet , wanting to immerse himself in every part of this woman who had crashed through each barrier he 'd carefully built . 
 slade fumbled for the condom in his pants , rolling it over his erection , and pushing her wide apart , slid home . 
 she clenched him in a silky vise , and he groaned , the sensation of being held so tightly inside her sheer heaven . 
 he kept still , enjoying her wet heat that tried to burn him alive . 
 slowly , he eased back all the way , thrusting back in to the hilt and keeping the ride easy and slow . 
 she fought him like a wildcat , arching up and trying to take him faster and deeper , but it was too good , too sweet to be over . 
 he added a bit of friction to her swollen clit , and she dug her heels into his back , twisting madly from side to side . 
 slade laughed low and sucked on her nipple , scraping his teeth against the hard tip as he picked up the pace . 
 faster and faster , his h * ps pistoned and moved until he hit the sweet spot and she screamed out , bucking under him . 
 his fingers twisted hard within hers as he held her down and slammed into her again and again , the piercing pleasure so erotic it bordered on pain , taking him to the edge and over until he exploded . 
 he spilled his seed and ripped her name from his lips . 
 skin damp with sweat , he rode out the last of the aftershocks before slipping out . 
 kate collapsed into the sheets , arms and legs flung wide as her breath came in and out in choppy waves . 
 he got rid of the condom , climbed back into bed , and pulled her close . 
 laying her head against his chest , she wrapped her arms around him . 
 `` do n't leave me tonight . '' 
 her whisper made him pull her closer . 
 `` do n't want to . 
 i 'm staying . '' 
 she snuggled closer and they slept . 
 kate moved her leg and bumped against something hard . 
 inching her hand down the mattress , her fingers wrapped around a very proud erection . 
 she murmured with pleasure as she surfaced from sleep , and stroked him from root to tip . 
 like steel sheathed in smooth satin , she enjoyed the texture and strength of his arousal . 
 groans rose from his chest and he thrust into her palm for more . 
 with a wicked grin , she ducked her head under the blankets and found him with her mouth . 
 his breath hissed through his teeth , but kate was far gone , lost in his musky taste . 
 she licked and sucked him , swirling her tongue around the tip , while her hands pumped up and down his length . 
 his fingers worked its way into her hair and held her , giving himself up to her ministrations . 
 power surged through her , and she opened wider , until he slid to the back of her throat and his balls tightened . 
 `` kate ! '' 
 her name was ripped from his lips , amid hard pants . 
 `` condom , now . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 she teased , swirling her tongue around his leaking tip . 
 `` ah , god , pants pocket . 
 there ! '' 
 she reached down , grabbed one , and sheathed him , never breaking contact or the rhythm of her swirling fingers . 
 already wet and aching for him , she climbed on top , spread her legs , and sank down onto his length . 
 kate threw her head back as the delicious sensations skittered over her skin and teased her clit . 
 so good . 
 the heat between them only added to the edge , pumping up the tension . 
 she looked up his body and got trapped within the seething burn of his green eyes . 
 `` ride me , baby . 
 ride me hard . '' 
 she shuddered and obeyed . 
 he cupped her br ** sts and rubbed her n ** ples as she ground herself against him , closing in toward her orgasm , pumping her h * ps as her gut clenched and her skin prickled and her n ** ples tightened to hard , achy points . 
 slade grasped her hips , moved her forward , and slammed her back down . 
 once . 
 twice . 
 then - `` slade ! '' 
 she came hard , and he kept guiding her up and down , extending the orgasm into mini convulsions . 
 he shuddered beneath her and followed , and she ached for the feel of his skin against hers , ached to get rid of the condom and take his seed deep inside her body . 
 she slumped over him , completely boneless , and he stroked her back with soothing strokes . 
 `` best morning wake-up ever . '' 
 she laughed and bit his shoulder . 
 `` hmm , better than my coffee . '' 
 two sharp barks made her crane her neck . 
 robert looked up with endless patience and wide eyes that took in her bare ass . 
 `` oops , sorry , baby . 
 i 'll take you out . '' 
 `` want me to get him ? '' 
 she pressed a kiss on his lips . 
 `` nope , i got him . 
 be right back . '' 
 she donned her robe , ignoring his hungry gaze and keeping her distance before she jumped back in bed and robert had an accident . 
 she took him out , ground the coffee beans , and got the pot started . 
 `` kibble or wet food this morning ? '' 
 two barks . 
 `` kibble it is . '' 
 kate filled up the bowl , humming under her breath , and turned to a spectacular sight framed in her kitchen doorway . 
 slade montgomery . 
 buck nak * d. thighs braced apart , hands on hips , his impressive erection confirming round five was about to come up . 
 she drank in all that raw male beauty , with his flat stomach , defined pecs , and toasty brown skin . 
 his lazy gaze probed under her robe and stroked her body . 
 `` thought i was better than your coffee . '' 
 she pursed her lips with interest . 
 `` i did say that , did n't i ? '' 
 he cocked a hip and that 's not all that got cocked . 
 `` maybe i need to prove my worth again . '' 
 she licked her lips and dropped her gaze . 
 `` i think your worth is pretty damn big . '' 
 `` flatterer . '' 
 she loosened her robe and began to pull it open . 
 `` counselor . 
 i think - '' `` honey , i 'm here ! 
 whose car is in the driveway ? 
 oh ! '' 
 her mother stood before them , open-mouthed , staring at slade with , first , astonishment and then pure appreciation . 
 she closed her mouth and broke into a wide grin . 
 `` oh , honey ! 
 you 're finally getting some-i 'm so happy . '' 
 kate yanked her robe closed and jumped in front of slade . 
 `` mom , what are you doing here ? '' 
 she grabbed for the blanket over the couch and thrust it into slade 's hands . 
 he wrapped it around his hips , but the broad , loopy holes in the afghan did n't hide much . 
 `` i have n't seen you since i got back from my sex conference and thought we 'd have breakfast together . 
 but i see you 've already taken care of breakfast . 
 i must say , it 's even better than wheaties ! '' 
 color flooded her face . 
 slade studied her mother with a fascination she was used to , as if an exotic , otherworldly creature had just burst through their universe . 
 madeline wore a canary-yellow top , a cream lace skirt that flirted with her knees , and lace-up sandals . 
 her floral headband held back her white blond hair , and bangles jingled on her wrists . 
 robert ran over to say hello , and kate took the pause to push slade behind the counter so at least his bottom half was n't exposed . 
 madeline watched his retreat with a twinge of disappointment . 
 `` sex conference ? '' 
 slade drawled , glancing back and forth . 
 `` how interesting . 
 forgive kate for not introducing us . 
 i 'm slade montgomery . '' 
 madeline marched over and stuck out her hand . 
 `` a pleasure to meet you , slade . 
 i 'm madeline . 
 i do apologize for interrupting , my daughter rarely allows herself to enjoy these opportunities . '' 
 kate groaned . 
 `` thanks , mom . 
 umm , maybe you want to call me later ? '' 
 slade steepled his fingers together as if he were in a business meeting . 
 `` nonsense , stay and have coffee with us . 
 we 're in no rush . '' 
 `` i 'd love to . 
 is it those organic beans i bought you , dear ? '' 
 this was so not happening . 
 kate glared at slade , but his delighted grin told her he was having too much fun . 
 `` yes , i 'll get it for you . '' 
 she stomped over and poured her mother a mug , then slid it over the granite countertop . 
 `` may i ask how the conference was ? '' 
 slade asked . 
 `` it was truly wonderful . 
 i 'm a sex therapists , so it 's important for me to keep up with the new techniques . 
 i learned many ways to unblock a man toward orgasm . 
 have you ever had problems with impotence , slade ? '' 
 kate gave him credit . 
 he did n't even choke on his coffee . 
 `` happy to report that 's a negative . '' 
 `` hmm , i 'm not surprised from what i caught . 
 still , many men suffer from the condition and it 's usually some mental block . 
 they taught us certain moves to go about breaking down barriers . '' 
 `` what a fascinating job . 
 kate never told me . '' 
 `` i 'm not surprised . 
 kate 's been blocked for years . '' 
 `` mom ! '' 
 `` so , tell me how you two met . '' 
 `` i 'm a client at kinnections , '' he said . 
 madeline sucked in her breath . 
 `` you 're not the divorce lawyer , are you ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 slade hiked a brow . 
 `` you know about me ? 
 kate , how sweet . 
 i had no idea you told your mom about us . '' 
 kate squirmed with sheer frustration and shot him a glare . 
 `` look , mom , let 's not talk about this here , okay ? 
 i 'd like to keep this whole thing private . '' 
 `` but darling , this is the one you experienced the touch with ! 
 you 've found a way to make it work , i 'm so happy . 
 we 'll need to clear a bit of that negative karma , but if you 're sleeping together , i 'm confident in the outcome . '' 
 `` touch ? '' 
 slade frowned . 
 `` what touch ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 `` kate did n't tell you ? '' 
 madeline chirped . 
 `` she has a gift that 's run in our family for generations . 
 a sixth sense for matching people . 
 she experiences a jolt of recognition when she meets a couple meant to be together . '' 
 slade stilled . 
 kate barely breathed , hoping she 'd become the guy from the time traveler 's wife and disappear through space . 
 `` has she ever experienced the touch for herself ? 
 or is this just for other people ? '' 
 he asked . 
 the disaster loomed before her , like a volcano ready to erupt , and she was just as helpless to stop her mother as she was to stop the forces of nature . 
 madeline laughed as she played with her bangles . 
 `` silly man . 
 it 's you , dear . 
 she connected with you-you 're her soul mate . 
 i was n't too thrilled regarding the divorce lawyer thing , but the universe is more powerful than humans , and we must bend to its will . 
 at least you overcame your initial protests . 
 denying the touch is dangerous . 
 who would 've known what could happen ? 
 your cousin rose died alone and miserable . '' 
 kate swung her head around . 
 `` you said you did n't remember what happened to my cousin ! 
 you said it was a family secret never spoken about . '' 
 madeline sighed . 
 `` i lied . 
 i did n't want to tell you she died an old cranky spinster , destined for unhappiness since she refused to believe in her gift . 
 i think she owned about fifty cats and no one came to her funeral except the local pet shelter representative . '' 
 kate buried her face in her hands and gave up . 
 the morning had started out so rich with promise . 
 sex . 
 no pesky virginity trouble . 
 denial galore regarding their future relationship . 
 now , big , bad reality was here to stay . 
 and slade looked like he 'd swallowed a sharp object and was just about to dial 911 . 
 kate wondered which caused more horror-her virginity or her touch . 
 definitely a tie . 
 slade cleared his throat . 
 `` funny , i did n't hear about this before . '' 
 `` kate did n't tell you ? 
 maybe she was easing you into it . 
 some men have trouble believing in the concept of soul mates and love forever till you die . '' 
 this time he choked . 
 kate pounded him on the back until he seemed back in the land of humanity . 
 `` mom , i think slade and i need to talk . '' 
 `` of course , i really am sorry i interrupted . '' 
 she blew an air kiss to them and headed out . 
 her bangles clinked and robert gave her a quick lick good-bye . 
 `` why do n't you two come for dinner one night ? 
 i promise not to smoke any pot if it makes you uncomfortable , and you can meet my new lover , richard . 
 you 'll adore him . '' 
 `` sounds great . 
 ` bye , mom . '' '' 
 ` bye , darling . '' 
 the door slammed . 
 she waited in the dead silence , wondering if he 'd just leave now or stick around to ask a few questions . 
 `` she gave you the joint , huh ? '' 
 `` told you it was n't mine . '' 
 he nodded . 
 took a big sip of his coffee and straightened to full height . 
 she remembered another requirement in his perfect companion . 
 no embarrassing family members . 
 yep , she had officially blown every item on his list to smithereens . 
 `` is that the reason i get an electrical shock when we touch ? 
 because of this gift ? '' 
 she gave him the space he seemed to need , though her chest hurt . 
 she 'd been crazy to think an extra night of mind-blowing sex would solve their issues . 
 already , she tried frantically to shore up the gaping hole in her chest , but she needed bricks because the big bad wolf had already blown down her first two attempts at shelter . 
 `` supposedly . '' 
 `` did n't want to mention it before , huh ? '' 
 a flare of anger pushed away the grief . 
 `` actually i did , at your first mixer . '' 
 `` a few more details would 've been nice . '' 
 `` oh , sure , let 's see how that dialogue would go . 
 ` by the way , slade , i have a witchlike gene that senses when a couple is meant to be together . 
 and guess what ? 
 you 're the one for me ! 
 sorry about the shock , but is n't that great , when 's the wedding ? ' '' 
 he narrowed his gaze . 
 `` you could have tweaked the speech a bit , but yeah , maybe that . '' 
 a humorless laugh escaped her lips . 
 `` i wanted to pretend it never happened . 
 i begged you to stay away from me , remember ? 
 you 're the one who knocked on my door last night ! 
 i was ready to try and move on , forget this-this thing between us ever occurred . 
 we 've been mismatched from the beginning . '' 
 `` do you believe in it , kate ? 
 believe you can match the right couple just by touching them ? 
 is this what you built your company on ? '' 
 ice trickled down her spine . 
 his tone flicked with disbelief and already she sensed his distance . 
 how could he believe in something that was almost as magical as love ? 
 something undefined but full of hope ? 
 the question tore through the last of her defenses , and suddenly , kate realized she had nothing left to fight . 
 she could tell him the gift was gone and she had no idea if it was coming back . 
 she could deny the whole thing , laugh it off as some crazy joke her mom played , and save her pride . 
 instead , kate gave him the truth . 
 `` yes . 
 i 've used my gift to guide many people together . 
 i 've sensed if it 's a true and proper love match . 
 i never experienced it with myself , though . 
 until you . '' 
 he jerked back and coffee sloshed over the rim of his mug . 
 he shook slightly as he mopped it up with a towel . 
 `` i ca n't deny what 's between us , '' he finally said . 
 `` but do i believe in this type of love-spell witchery ? 
 no . 
 how can i ? 
 do i believe we were meant to have a happy ending just because we got a shock when we touched ? 
 do you know how that sounds ? '' 
 she huddled into her robe , desperately longing for warmth . 
 her skin chilled and goose bumps broke out on her arms . 
 yes . 
 it sounded juvenile and silly . 
 but it was the truth , a truth he 'd never believe or believe in . 
 she opened her mouth to defend herself and end the conversation . 
 retreat to her isolation and lick her wounds one final time . 
 then finally get over slade montgomery . 
 for good . 
 the phone interrupted them and beat out the seventies version of the pop song `` we are family . '' 
 he cursed . 
 `` my sister . 
 i better get it . '' 
 she nodded and turned away . 
 the murmur of conversation drifted to her ears . 
 kate wiped up the counter and refilled robert 's water bowl , numb to the rapidly rising conversation . 
 she had no time to transition before slade stood in front of her , male fury vibrating from his figure in raw waves . 
 her heart skipped . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 `` i have to go . 
 jane was very upset on the phone . 
 seems this guy you set her up with-the one who was pushing her for more-broke up with her this morning . '' 
 her hand flew to her throat . 
 `` oh , no . 
 what happened ? 
 is she okay ? '' 
 his face tightened . 
 green eyes held an accusing light that churned her gut . 
 `` he explained he 's just not that into her , not for a long-term relationship , and took off after spending the night . 
 is this the type of operation you run ? 
 did you use your magical power to set jane up with this a ** hole and tell yourself it would all work out ? '' 
 pain sliced deep . 
 she leaned slightly forward to catch her breath . 
 `` no ! 
 we set her up with two dates and she preferred brian , but there 's no guarantee each date or relationship will work out . 
 let me come with you , i 'll talk to her , maybe set her up with a session with arilyn if she 's upset . '' 
 `` no , you 've done enough . '' 
 his voice flicked like a whiplash . 
 `` you still do n't understand , do you , kate ? 
 she 's not made for this . 
 i almost lost her once because i did n't take care of her . 
 i wanted to trust you , even though my instincts told me she could get hurt again . '' 
 `` slade - '' `` she 's all i have left ! '' 
 his words shattered around her . 
 her throat tightened , and she caught a glimpse of a raw vulnerability and fear swirling in those green eyes . 
 he 'd lost most of the women in his life . 
 kate realized his responsibility toward his sister was so much deeper than she imagined . 
 when he loved , he gave everything . 
 unfortunately , he did n't believe he was enough for any of them . 
 as much as she wanted to make him stay , to beg him to talk to her and open up , she knew it had to be on his terms . 
 perhaps he 'd never be ready for more . 
 he disappeared into the bedroom and came back out dressed , hair mussed , jaw full of stubble . 
 he remained cool and distant , as if she were someone he did n't recognize any longer . 
 `` i need you to leave her alone , kate . 
 please . '' 
 he walked out without a glance back . 
 robert whimpered and slid over , pressing his warm body firm against her leg in full support . 
 she sank down to the floor and put her arms around him , laying her cheek against his flat head , and soaked in his presence . 
 slade watched his sister and tried not to panic . 
 her eyes were red and puffy , and the box of kleenex on the side was getting a workout . 
 crumpled balls littered the floor . 
 her bare feet peeked out from her long terry cloth robe , an old favorite she used to wear around the house when she needed comfort . 
 he flexed his fingers and tried to remain calm . 
 he 'd stay all day and all night if possible . 
 hell , she could move back into his apartment , get her old job back , and leave verily behind . 
 he 'd do anything in his power to make her feel better . 
 her lower lip trembled when she finally looked at him . 
 `` i feel so stupid , '' she sniffed . 
 `` he kept pushing us to spend more time together . 
 asked me to spend the night . 
 invited me to his class to speak . 
 i knew kate was right when she mentioned we were moving too fast , but i was so happy i just wanted to believe it would work . '' 
 helplessness rattled his core . 
 `` it 's not your fault ; the guy led you on and dumped you without a hitch . 
 kate should 've seen this coming . 
 why was he a client there anyway ? 
 and why the hell would she have set you up with him ? '' 
 `` not kate 's fault . 
 i could 've picked tim , who also seemed super nice , but brian had a bit more edge , which i thought was exciting . 
 arilyn warned me in counseling not to leap too soon . 
 she said i tended to do that in my past as a way of ignoring some of my blocks and hang-ups . '' 
 he growled under his breath . 
 `` you 're fine the way you are . 
 that a ** hole is the one with a problem . '' 
 a watery smile curved her lips . 
 `` thanks , big brother . 
 i 'm so sorry i dragged you out of bed this early . 
 i got too used to calling you when i 'm in trouble . 
 hard habit to break , i guess . '' 
 `` that 's what i 'm here for , jane . 
 to take care of you . 
 listen , i 've got this whole thing figured out . 
 you can move back in with me and get back on your feet . 
 i 'll get your money back from kinnections and you start with a clean slate . 
 hell , i bet your old job will beg you to come back . '' 
 jane frowned . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 i 'm not moving back with you . '' 
 he leaned forward and rested his hands on his knees . 
 `` just for a bit , not permanently . 
 hell , i 've got a better idea . 
 why do n't we go away for a mini vacation ? 
 clear your head a bit . 
 i 'll have the movers take care of your apartment , and we 'll pretend the whole thing never happened . '' 
 her eyes widened like she was staring at a troll rather than at her brother . 
 `` are you crazy ? 
 i love my job , and i love verily . 
 i do n't need a vacation . '' 
 he tried to speak gently . 
 `` you should n't be alone right now . 
 not after what he did to you . '' 
 she shook her head hard . 
 `` no , slade , i think you misunderstood . 
 yeah , i 'm pissed and upset that brian ended up being a jerk . 
 i did n't see it coming . 
 but i 'll be fine . 
 that 's what women do . 
 bitch , cry , eat ice cream , get drunk . 
 the girls at kinnections showed me i can be normal , let my emotions run free , and still be okay . 
 i 'm not having a breakdown , and i 'm sure i 'll get right back in the dating scene once i get over this . '' 
 he gritted his teeth and tried not to lose his temper . 
 what were they selling over there at kinnections ? 
 did n't they realize she was fragile ? 
 when her relationships ended , she plunged into a black hole of blame , thinking she 'd never be enough . 
 he 'd learned to avoid the minefields by protecting her , but after the suicide attempt , he never allowed her to stray too far . 
 yes , she 'd finished years of therapy and declared her independence , but what if she was at the tipping point and he failed her ? 
 `` i 'm glad you 're being reasonable about this , i really am . 
 but i think it would be better if you stay with me for a little while . '' 
 her tears dried and her chin lifted . 
 uh-oh . 
 that tone snapped into place and suddenly she did n't seem fragile at all . 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere . 
 god , this is my fault . 
 i should 've never called you . '' 
 slade flinched . 
 `` no , i 'm glad you called me . 
 i want to be there for you . '' 
 `` listen , love sucks sometimes . 
 does n't mean i do n't believe it wo n't eventually work in the end . 
 i 'll always regret putting you through an emotional roller coaster , and i know you want to protect me . 
 but i do n't need your help anymore . 
 i can handle this on my own now . '' 
 he studied her for a long while . 
 he 'd taught himself she was like delicate china , yet ... she did n't seem that breakable . 
 not like before . 
 was it possible her strength was greater than he realized ? 
 that somehow , along the way , she 'd blossomed into a full woman who could handle life 's curveballs on her own ? 
 `` i do n't want to let you down again , '' he whispered . 
 jane blinked back tears . 
 `` god , slade , are you kidding me ? 
 you 're the only one who never let me down . 
 the reason i can believe in love , that i believe in myself , is because of you . 
 you taught me that . 
 i watched you through your divorce , through mom 's and dad 's deaths , through years of counseling brokenhearted couples in your career . 
 you never lost your heart . 
 you 're a caretaker , and now i 'm ready to take the reins . 
 do you understand ? 
 you 're the one who saved me . '' 
 her words reached deep and broke open a mass of emotions he 'd pushed down for years . 
 the truth stunned him , the idea she could actually believe in him , that somehow along the way , he 'd done something right and good . 
 his throat tightened and it was a while before he could speak . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she smiled at him , her face open and lit and beautiful . 
 `` you 're welcome . 
 now , as the best-friend cliche you 've now become , would you run out and get us bacon , egg , and cheese sandwiches ? 
 they have this great deli right down the block . 
 oh , and hash browns ! '' 
 slade chuckled . 
 `` done . 
 i 'll scoop up a few of those awesome doughnuts while i 'm there , too . '' 
 `` great , you probably have n't eaten . 
 hey , how did you get here so quickly ? 
 it took you under ten minutes . 
 where were you ? '' 
 the image of kate nak * d and sprawled on top of him , taking him deep within her body , flashed before him . 
 `` umm , stopped by to see kate about something . '' 
 a tiny frown creased her brow . 
 `` this early ? '' 
 `` yep . 
 i 'll get going . '' 
 `` stop right there , buddy . '' 
 jane crossed her arms and studied him with the scary teacher look that made him shake . 
 `` holy crap . 
 you 're sleeping with her ! '' 
 he clenched his jaw . 
 `` was . 
 not anymore . '' 
 `` oh my god , i did n't see this coming . 
 but in a weird way , you 're perfect for one another . '' 
 slade gave a bitter laugh . 
 `` hardly . 
 i do n't think they can create two people who are so completely different . 
 can i ask you a question ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` did kate say anything about having a special gift ? 
 when she set you up with brian , did she , uh , touch you or say she felt a spark between you two ? '' 
 jane shook her head . 
 `` nope . 
 i never heard anything like that . 
 they use a pretty scientific approach . 
 on paper and from a few conversations , brian seemed perfect . 
 but they warned me ahead of time that it 's a journey that could take some time . 
 and i 'm okay with that . '' 
 `` good . 
 i 'll be back with the sandwiches . '' 
 he headed out the door and wondered if he had made a huge mistake . 
 blaming kate for his sister had n't been right . 
 they were both right : there were no guarantees . 
 kinnections did nothing wrong except believe in something his sister did , and he had no right to blame kate or hold her responsible for what happened . 
 his head throbbed when he thought of the way he 'd left . 
 two for two in the dickhead department . 
 but it had just been too much for him to handle . 
 first , her mother , then a magical power , then jane . 
 and where did that leave them ? 
 slade did n't know . 
 and for the first time in his life , he did n't know what to do about it . 
 chapter fourteen let me get this straight . 
 you sleep with him . 
 break it off in the morning . 
 decide to go your separate ways and set him up with another date . 
 then he shows up at your doorstep right after said date , and you sleep together for the second time . 
 then break up in the morning . 
 again . 
 do i have it right ? '' 
 kate lowered her forehead to the cool granite and groaned . 
 sunday morning and twenty-four hours since the episode . 
 she had n't slept or changed out of her ratty pjs . 
 and a shower was definitely on the agenda . 
 `` yep , that about covers it . '' 
 gen shoved the last of the crumb cake in her mouth and chewed . 
 `` it 's official . 
 you 've lost your mind along with your virginity . '' 
 `` i know . 
 he freaked out when he found out about the touch/curse . 
 did n't believe me , which i ca n't blame him for , but still . 
 now he thinks i screwed up jane 's life and i 'm a criminal . 
 i 've been afraid to call her because he was so upset . '' 
 gen tapped her finger against her mug of coffee . 
 `` let him calm down-seems he 's the overprotective sort . 
 give it a few days to settle , then call jane if she has n't reached out . '' 
 `` i do n't understand , she was doing so well . 
 he acted like she was going off the deep end . 
 i knew they should 've slowed down . 
 why did n't i make them listen ? '' 
 `` can only lead the couples to the water , girlfriend . 
 ca n't make 'em drink . '' 
 `` i guess . 
 i 'm sorry , i 'm always babbling about my problems and you 're newly engaged . 
 i frickin ' adore the ring ! 
 are you excited ? '' 
 the three-carat , princess-cut diamond sparkled in the morning light , but gen 's smile did n't reach her eyes . 
 maybe they were too tired . 
 `` sure . 
 i 've been working nonstop and fielding questions about the wedding . 
 it 's a bit overwhelming . '' 
 `` i can imagine . '' 
 gen avoided her gaze , concentrating on her cake , and once again kate felt that twinge of foreboding slither down her spine . 
 `` he 's good to you , right ? 
 i mean , you do want to marry him , right ? 
 because if he 's rushing you or it 's too soon , you need to stand your ground . '' 
 `` no , this is the right thing . 
 he 's perfect for me , and so sweet . 
 loves to spoil me rotten yet pushes me to be better . 
 i 'll never find another guy like him . '' 
 all the right words , yet ... kate still felt she was missing something . 
 there were shadows lurking in her best friend 's eyes she 'd never glimpsed before . 
 gen grabbed the napkin , slugged a last sip of coffee , and slid off the chair . 
 `` sorry , i got ta run back to the hospital . 
 listen , kate , i know this whole thing is confusing , but i 'm going to tell you one thing : i 've never seen you look so happy before . '' 
 `` this is happy ? '' 
 her friend laughed . 
 `` you glow when you speak his name . 
 you gave him your virginity and actually experienced the touch for the first time . 
 he 's special . 
 i know there seem to be obstacles , and he says he does n't believe in love , but have you given him a real chance ? 
 a fighting chance ? '' 
 kate frowned . 
 `` i 'm not sure what you mean . '' 
 gen 's beeper went off like a fire alarm and she stiffened . 
 `` that 's david . 
 i 'm being paged . 
 we 'll talk later , hang in . 
 thanks for the coffee . '' 
 she shot out the door . 
 robert barely moved his head , used to the quick comings and goings of her friend . 
 kate thought about her words and cleaned up the kitchen . 
 odd . 
 slade already knew she had deep feelings for him , though she kept trying to fight them back and bury them deep . 
 no sense in sharing when there would be no reciprocation or interest in moving forward . 
 maybe she 'd curl up on the recliner and spend the afternoon doing nothing but watching movies and reading books . 
 paperwork could wait . 
 gym could be delayed . 
 nothing seemed that important . 
 the door slammed open . 
 kate looked up , startled , and frowned when her mother shot through . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 she asked , moving forward . 
 `` you 've never come to see me twice in one weekend . '' 
 madeline crossed the room and clasped kate 's upper arms . 
 her blue eyes were wide and full of fear . 
 `` i had a dream . '' 
 kate fought a smile . 
 `` did you watch the planet get swallowed up by plastic bags and diapers again ? 
 people are recycling more , mom , do n't worry . '' 
 `` no , silly girl , about you . 
 i dreamt you denied the touch with slade and your entire life was ruined . 
 one bad choice and you never recovered . 
 what happened after i left ? '' 
 unease shot through her . 
 great , she 'd be the cat lady and she 'd always been more of a dog person . 
 kate sighed . 
 `` i do n't want you to worry . 
 slade is n't meant for me . 
 simply put , he does n't believe in love , marriage , or forever . 
 he believes in oxytocin . '' 
 her mother shook her slightly with impatience . 
 `` i do n't care what he says he believes . 
 i want to know about you and your actions . 
 have you told him you love him ? 
 that you want to fight for him ? 
 that you believe enough for the both of you ? '' 
 panic flared . 
 she broke the grip and stepped back , needing the distance . 
 `` do n't be ridiculous , of course not . 
 women do n't do those things today . 
 besides , i 'm sure it 's for the best . '' 
 her heart shattered and screamed her a liar . 
 her body ached and punished her . 
 and her mother let out a shriek of frustration kate had never heard before . 
 madeline was a river , she flowed and melted , becoming one with every challenge in life and rarely fought against the tide . 
 the woman before her quaked , her aura vibrating so wildly kate would 've shoved a joint in her hands if she had one . 
 `` mom , what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` what 's happened to you ? '' 
 madeline whispered . 
 `` when did you stop believing in yourself ? 
 in your gift ? 
 in what you deserve ? '' 
 emotion choked her . 
 she could n't handle this ; it was too close to home . 
 `` i tried . 
 he knows i care about him , and he 's been honest about what he can and ca n't handle . 
 he thinks i 've screwed up his sister and that i 'm a liar . 
 and as for my gift ? 
 i did n't want to tell you , but it 's gone . 
 and i do n't think it 's coming back . 
 i need you to drop this . '' 
 `` no . 
 you 're going to listen to me , darling , and do n't interrupt . 
 now , sit . '' 
 her mother pointed to the chair . 
 kate trudged over , sat down , and waited . 
 she 'd learned long ago not to argue when her mother wanted to have an open discussion . 
 `` it 's time to stop running , kate . 
 you say you lost your gift . 
 when did this happen ? '' 
 `` after i discovered slade and i connected . 
 that was the last time i felt anything . 
 i 've been numb , even around couples who are married and have a connection , i get nothing . '' 
 `` but you still feel the touch with slade ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i thought i was blocking myself by denying our attraction . 
 so i slept with him . 
 i figured i 'd get it back , but that did n't help either . 
 my gift is gone . '' 
 madeline pursed her lips . 
 `` your gift is being denied , my darling girl . 
 you are the first one in generations to feel this with other people . 
 most of the women who own the touch can only sense it with her true mate . 
 you have been blessed to spread your knowledge to the world . 
 but when confronted by your own truth , you chose to run and hide . 
 wrapping it up in sex , having rational conversations about how things ca n't work between you . 
 you 've lost your way . '' 
 kate rubbed her temples . 
 god , when her mother waxed poetic it got hairy . 
 like a bad acid trip , she supposed . 
 `` i do n't get it . 
 i did n't hide . 
 i told slade i believed in love and wanted forever . 
 he said he ca n't give that to me . 
 we went our separate ways . 
 over and out . '' 
 `` did you tell him you 're in love with him ? '' 
 kate froze . 
 `` n-n-no . 
 there 's no point . '' 
 her mother squinted with intensity . 
 `` no point in confessing the truth to the man you love ? 
 have i raised a coward ? '' 
 kate flinched . 
 `` why ? 
 so he could say thanks very much , but it 's not going to work out ? 
 so he can take the last shred of my pride and leave me broken and bleeding ? 
 no thanks . '' 
 `` there is no halfway , no safe place to hide when it comes to love . 
 you are luckier than most to be guided to the man meant for you . 
 by denying the truth , or making light of the connection , you deny the gift , yourself , and are no longer worthy of it . '' 
 the words hit her hard , like brutal jabs in the ring , and kate felt something inside begin to break . 
 had n't she been clear enough about how she felt ? 
 had n't she fought enough ? 
 or was her mother right ? 
 she 'd rationalized and pushed him away and only allowed him into her bed , not her heart . 
 she 'd never stood her ground and challenged his ridiculous beliefs . 
 `` i do n't know what to do , mom , '' she choked out . 
 `` he can break my heart and i 'm scared . '' 
 `` how does he make you feel ? '' 
 she dragged in a breath . 
 `` like my better self . 
 he lights up my body , and satisfies my soul . 
 he makes me laugh . 
 he loves robert and wants to take care of him . 
 he 's everything i 've ever wanted and i 've never been so terrified . '' 
 madeline moved over , took her hand , and squeezed it tight . 
 `` you must be fierce and admit to love , my dear girl . 
 it is the only way to win . 
 and if you do lose , well , at least you lose fairly , with your head high and with no regrets . 
 how could you possibly feel shame for leading with your heart ? 
 it is simply the bravest thing anyone can do in this world . 
 it is what you based your business on , and your livelihood . '' 
 the truth took root , shook her to the core , and grew . 
 in that moment , she realized every step in her journey had been halfhearted . 
 but no longer . 
 she was worthy of more . 
 kate reached up and hugged her mother tight . 
 `` i love you , mom . 
 thank you . '' 
 `` welcome . 
 now go get your man . '' 
 `` we 've got a problem . '' 
 slade studied his boss , who perched behind the sprawling teak desk with a look of concern on his face . 
 shit . 
 first , his personal life , now his career . 
 was he upset he 'd left early those few days ? 
 no , bob usually let his employees run their own schedules , confident they 'd get the job done . 
 had he realized his relationship with kate was a big fat lie ? 
 had melody gotten nailed for the speeding ticket ? 
 slade adjusted his cuffs . 
 `` what is it , bob ? '' 
 he asked calmly . 
 his boss pointed toward his computer . 
 `` billing hours came in for approval . 
 yours does n't add up . 
 want to tell me what 's going on ? '' 
 relief loosened his chest . 
 that he could handle . 
 `` i had a client who wants to pay on the back end once i win the case . 
 forgot to tell you . 
 i 'll send you the details as soon as i get back in my office . '' 
 bob shook his head . 
 `` ca n't do it . 
 i told the associates you bill up front now . 
 too many pro bono and cases lost in the firm . '' 
 annoyance surged through him . 
 `` have i ever cost you money on a case ? 
 i need some leeway on this one . 
 guy 's wife froze the accounts and he 's in a hell of a fix . 
 needs custody rights . 
 i 'll win . '' 
 `` i do n't doubt it . 
 but no more bleeding hearts . 
 his story is no different than a million others coming through those doors . 
 look , i understand you want to do good by him , but he 's got to pay the bill . 
 if i did n't want to make money , i 'd be working for the district attorney 's office or be a not-for-profit lawyer . '' 
 slade swallowed his frustration and tried to look at the big picture . 
 but god , he was so tired of it . 
 he wanted to do one thing for a person who needed it , and his hands were always tied . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll pay for this one out of my salary . 
 dock my pay . '' 
 bob lifted a brow . 
 `` a bit extreme for someone you do n't know . 
 what 's going on with you lately ? 
 i 'm deciding on partner soon , and i need a closer . 
 this is a brutal business-eats you up and spits you out . 
 if you ca n't handle it , i think samuel may have the edge . '' 
 his boss 's gaze was razor sharp and slade knew it was a test . 
 did he have what it took ? 
 the goal of partnership had been his sole focus for the last five years , but suddenly his future flashed before him and it was all more of the same . 
 more work , more stress , and less satisfaction . 
 the challenge was on the table for him to pick up . 
 cut the client loose and gain bob 's respect . 
 he sensed he had an edge over samuel . 
 one tiny agreement and it was all over . 
 `` i lied , bob . '' 
 his boss stared at him hard . 
 `` about ? '' 
 `` kate . 
 we never had a relationship . 
 i hired her from a matchmaking agency to pose as my girlfriend because i knew you favored executives who are settled . 
 she 's not an accountant , her father 's no court judge , and she owns a company called kinnections . '' 
 bob frowned and shook his head . 
 `` was n't that the name of her accounting firm ? '' 
 `` no , she 's the owner of a matchmaking agency . 
 i set the whole thing up because i wanted to beat samuel . 
 i 've wanted that damn partnership for years , and i was n't about to let not having a relationship stop me from getting it . '' 
 silence fell . 
 a lightness filled his chest , and he waited for the fallout . 
 would bob fire him ? 
 maybe . 
 throw him out as a contender ? 
 probably . 
 at least he did n't have to pretend to be someone he was n't . 
 bob threw back his head and laughed . 
 `` i 've seen creative moves before to climb to the top , but this is a first . 
 we had no idea . 
 in fact , my wife was so crazy about kate , we were going to invite her to dinner this week . 
 you got us good . 
 and though i 'm pissed you lied , i have to give you credit for ambition . 
 that 's the type of man we want , slade . 
 you saw the problem , thought of a solution , and went for it . 
 too bad , though . 
 melody 's gon na get nailed for that ticket . '' 
 slade managed to catch his surprised gasp and turn it into a badass grin . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're not upset . 
 and i 'm sorry if i put you in an awkward position . '' 
 bob cut his hand through the air . 
 `` nothing i ca n't handle . 
 appreciate you coming clean before i made my decision . '' 
 `` i 'm not giving up this case , bob . 
 it wo n't affect my caseload or billing hours , but i want it . '' 
 his boss let out a breath . 
 `` fine , take it . 
 you 've always been a stubborn son a bitch . 
 just make sure you win . '' 
 `` i will . 
 thanks . '' 
 he got up and headed toward the door when he heard his name . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 bob 's eyes twinkled . 
 `` let 's just say i think you 'll be happy with my final decision on partnership by the end of the week . '' 
 the meaning was clear . 
 as slade left the office , his head spun . 
 damn . 
 he 'd snagged the position . 
 but as he strode down the hallway , a giant emptiness pulsed in his gut , a need for a woman he 'd pushed away , and a question if he 'd ever feel satisfied again . 
 kate waited on his front steps . 
 she glanced at her watch again and hoped he was n't working too late . 
 she 'd already been sitting for an hour , and with every minute that ticked by , she 'd been tempted to dump the plan and hurry back home . 
 nothing like a big love confession to freak a woman out . 
 `` kate ? '' 
 she turned her head to the right and her heart leaped . 
 he was so beautiful . 
 his towering length and lean muscles filled out the navy blue prada suit , his snowy white shirt and red tie cutting a sharp image . 
 he 'd probably gone to court . 
 lines bracketed his mouth and his eyes , hinting at his fatigue . 
 the gold-rimmed glasses gave him the scholarly look that only made him sexier . 
 she stood up and drank him in with her gaze , her body already alight with the need to touch him , push back his hair , caress his hard cheek . 
 she swallowed . 
 `` i need to talk to you . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` come inside . '' 
 they climbed the steps and entered his apartment . 
 the silence of the empty rooms pulsed with a hunger for noise and laughter and mess . 
 why had n't she seen this before ? 
 the way he controlled his life and kept people at a safe distance so he 'd never be tempted to fail ? 
 just like her . 
 `` can i get you something to drink ? 
 eat ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` do you want to sit down ? 
 i 'm sorry i 'm late , i had a court date . '' 
 `` i love you . '' 
 he stiffened . 
 ah , crap , leave it to her to blurt something out with no finesse . 
 she completely sucked at good love confessions so she 'd better backtrack . 
 was that horror , shock , or pleasure on his face ? 
 he looked as if he 'd gotten hit over the head with a brick . 
 his voice broke . 
 `` kate , i - '' `` no , please listen to me first . '' 
 she wiped her palms on her jeans and closed the distance between them . 
 his delicious scent swamped her senses , spice and a hint of citrus . 
 she curled her hands into tight fists to keep from reaching out . 
 `` i accused you of being a coward , but i 'm the one who 's been holding back . 
 from the moment we touched , i sensed you were the man for me . 
 but it 's so much more than physical . 
 i hid behind your conceptions of relationships and your refusal to believe we could work long-term . 
 but i believe enough for both of us , slade . '' 
 she surrendered to impulse and touched him . 
 her fingers closed over his shoulders . 
 the heat pulsed and danced between them , confirming her heart 's choice . 
 `` i want you to give us a chance . 
 i 've seen the man you are . 
 how you protect and take care of your sister . 
 your gentleness with robert . 
 how you fight for your clients and try to make them hurt a little less . 
 and the way you look at me when we make love . '' 
 she stood on tiptoes and cupped his cheeks , staring into his beloved face . 
 his green eyes swirled with desire , confusion , fear . 
 `` i love every damn part of you , your body and heart and soul . 
 i love your mind and your stubbornness and your humor . 
 give us a chance to be more . 
 give me a chance to love you in the way you deserve . '' 
 she did n't hesitate , just pulled his head down to hers and kissed him with all her pent-up longing and emotion . 
 he groaned and opened his lips , his tongue sweeping inside and drinking deeply . 
 he kissed her for a long time , conquering every part of her mouth until there was nothing left to give . 
 when he ripped his mouth from hers , a mad light gleamed in his eyes . 
 a joyous laugh broke from her chest . 
 she had won . 
 he was hers . 
 kate reached up for more , but he staggered back . 
 stark regret carved out the lines of his face , even as she noted his full erection and the hot need in his gaze . 
 `` i ca n't , kate . 
 dear god , i ca n't do this to you , wo n't hurt you and break your heart . 
 i love you too , i do , but i ca n't follow this road . 
 eventually , we 'll hurt each other , and i 'd rather die . '' 
 red-hot anger misted her vision . 
 she trembled with a rage of emotion . 
 `` you 'll deny both of us our happiness for a future we know nothing about ? 
 what about the relationships that do work ? 
 do n't you want to take the chance on us ? 
 the chance to be a family and wake up in each other 's arms every morning ? 
 or are you afraid to settle with me in case there 's a better option later ? '' 
 he snapped his jaw closed . 
 `` do n't . 
 that has nothing to do with it . 
 i 'm crazy about you . 
 since the moment we met i 've been trying to catch up and i 've never felt like this before . '' 
 `` then why are you doing this ? '' 
 `` because you want everything ! '' 
 she sucked in her breath . 
 he jerked back , pushing his hand through his hair . 
 the silence squeezed with merciless tension , and kate finally realized she had come here to win , but he had already made his choice . 
 raw pain rose from her gut and choked , but she managed to wrestle out her last words . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i do want everything . 
 i 'm sorry that 's too much to ask , but i believe we 're both worth it . 
 i 'm sorry you do n't . '' 
 `` kate . '' 
 her name was a good-bye , a plea , a prayer . 
 her eyes were bone dry as she stared at him . 
 `` good-bye , slade . '' 
 this time he did n't stop her . 
 she walked out of his apartment for the last time and knew he had chosen . 
 chapter fifteen you okay ? '' 
 kate forced a smile and looked up as kennedy strolled into her office . 
 `` sure . 
 is jane coming in today ? '' 
 `` should be here in a minute . 
 she 's ready to go back out there , so i wanted to sit down with her for a one-on-one . 
 too bad brian ended up being a jerk . '' 
 `` yeah , occupational hazard , i guess . 
 still , i 'm proud of her . 
 she seems much stronger in who she is and did n't let this affect her inner core . '' 
 `` i had good teachers . '' 
 kate laughed as jane appeared behind ken and gave her a hug . 
 jane had definitely blossomed . 
 she accepted the breakup and her emotions , and healed . 
 now she was excited about the possibility of a new journey , and this time ken would probably screen even more carefully . 
 `` how are you , kate ? '' 
 jane asked . 
 `` fine . '' 
 the two women shared a look . 
 kate fought a sigh . 
 she 'd been asked that question every day for the past two weeks and her answer never changed . 
 still , her friends knew it was a big , fat lie . 
 since that day she lost slade , she walked around empty , caught between massive pain and a strange numbness . 
 she buried herself in work , stayed home with robert , and tried to believe it would get better . 
 someday . 
 jane had become a close friend of the group and now joined them for friday nights at mugs . 
 kate was glad she never mentioned her brother or asked any questions . 
 `` anyone want to catch a drink after work today ? '' 
 jane asked . 
 `` i finished my research paper and would love to celebrate . '' 
 ken gave a whoop . 
 `` you go , girl . 
 of course we 'll go . 
 but first come into my chamber so we can go over a few things . 
 i think i have a great guy for you to meet . '' 
 their heels clicked down the hallway , and kate stared at the stack of folders on her desk . 
 funny , the last few months her client list had almost doubled . 
 the expo probably helped , and everyone had adjusted well to double their efforts now that she had lost her gift . 
 not that she tried it out anymore ; most of her time was spent with robert and the television . 
 she wondered if slade missed her . 
 wondered if he got the partnership . 
 wondered if he ever thought of calling her or had already moved on . 
 the bell tinkled and there was a knock on her door . 
 she smiled as tim peeked in . 
 `` hey , kate , do you have a minute for me ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 she waved him in . 
 `` how did friday night 's date go ? '' 
 tim sat in the chair and shrugged . 
 he was one of her favorite clients and really wished she 'd be able to match him correctly . 
 slightly overweight , he had gorgeous golden eyes and thick brown hair , and his wicked sense of humor always made her laugh . 
 he was n't flashy , or broody , or a bad boy . 
 he was just literally nice , with a great personality . 
 time to work harder . 
 `` she was sweet , but i do n't think we were a good fit . 
 she 's a gym rat , and though we had a great conversation , i kind of caught her looking at the hot waiter . '' 
 kate shook her head , remembering her own date from hell that she 'd hooked up with the busboy . 
 `` sometimes this sucks , huh ? 
 but do n't quit on me , tim . 
 i think i have a better idea of who to match you with . '' 
 `` i 'm no quitter . 
 hey , at least i get to date a bunch of cool women and eat out . 
 my television remote was getting too much of a workout before i came to kinnections . '' 
 point taken . 
 the door flung open . 
 `` kate , i 'm headed out . 
 i 'll see you at mugs-oh , i 'm sorry to interrupt . '' 
 jane smiled at tim . 
 `` hi , tim , good to see you again . '' 
 tim grinned . 
 `` you too . 
 getting hooked up again ? '' 
 jane laughed . 
 `` i guess we 're two peas in a pod , huh ? '' 
 kate rose from the chair and her friend walked into the room . 
 `` did ken take care of you ? '' 
 `` yep . 
 we may try a mixer . 
 i may be ready . '' 
 `` sounds good . '' 
 tim stood and paused in front of her . 
 `` i 'm sorry the last guy did n't work out for you , '' he said . 
 he stared at her hard , a smile curving his lips . 
 `` he must 've been stupid . '' 
 `` aww , thanks . 
 same with you , not sure why you 'd be in here again . '' 
 kate turned to give them some space to continue the conversation , and her hands brushed against the both of them . 
 snap . 
 crackle . 
 pop . 
 her skin burned and an electrical shock cut through her system , causing her to jerk back . 
 holding her breath , kate stared at them , her heart pounding so hard she swore they 'd hear it . 
 but they did n't . 
 they were looking at each other and the energy simmered like a live wire around them . 
 oh . 
 my . 
 god . 
 the touch was back . 
 kate tried to remain cool , though she felt like sticking her hands in a bucket of ice water . 
 she 'd forgotten what a jolt it could be when she sensed a connection , but she wanted to throw her head back and laugh with joy . 
 `` hey , tim . 
 jane and i are heading to mugs after work around five o'clock . 
 we 'd love for you to join us . '' 
 `` oh , i do n't want to intrude on ladies ' night out . '' 
 jane shook her head and touched his arm . 
 `` no , come . 
 it 'll be fun . '' 
 `` cool . 
 i 'd love to . '' 
 kate tamped down on a giggle as she watched them make moony eyes at each other . 
 `` i better get back to work . 
 i 'll walk you out . '' 
 `` see you later . '' 
 she watched them chatter easily and the door shut behind them . 
 tears pricked her lids as she sank into the chair . 
 somehow , she 'd been lucky enough to receive her gift back , and she 'd never take it for granted again . 
 the image of slade flashed before her . 
 god , she missed him . 
 she wondered what he was doing right now . 
 kate rubbed her eyes , tried to refocus , and got back to work . 
 he was in hell . 
 slade stared out the window , trapped another day in his office . 
 two weeks . 
 the days were endless , but the nights were worse . 
 he kept waiting to feel a sense of satisfaction that he 'd done the right thing and released her . 
 tried to convince himself he was strong for being honest about his limitations and not wanting to wound her . 
 but the inner ted voice was back , cackling with glee and mockery . 
 she confessed her love and you threw it back in her face . 
 you 're a p ** sy and a coward . 
 and alone . 
 shut up . 
 better to hurt her now than later . 
 what did you really think could happen ? 
 anything . 
 probably not cheating . 
 probably not betrayal . 
 and kate did n't lie . 
 but they could grow apart . 
 maybe careers could take a toll . 
 fighting . 
 of course , fighting with kate was fun , and making up was even better . 
 no , things happened in good relationships all the time , especially if one embraced the idea of love and forever . 
 like i said , you 're a p ** sy and a coward . 
 he shut the box on his crazy mental companion and tried not to think about her . 
 he wondered how she was doing . 
 he tried not to pump jane for information , knowing that if he heard she was dating , he might lose his sanity . 
 his sister seemed happy and did n't need him any longer . 
 she went back to kinnections and was still hopeful of finding someone . 
 how was it his sister believed in the happy ending and he did n't ? 
 she 'd been hurt time and time again , driven to emotional extremes , yet she kept trying . 
 he just did n't get it . 
 but her last words haunted him , consistently pushing him to the edge . 
 you were the one who helped me believe in love . 
 the intercom buzzed . 
 `` mr. montgomery , your three o'clock is here . '' 
 `` send her in . 
 thank you . '' 
 he straightened his jacket and eased back to lawyer mode . 
 the woman who entered his office was easily in her seventies , with short gray hair , glasses , and dressed in a polyester pantsuit with old lady shoes . 
 her smile was kind and generous , and she greeted him in a soothing voice and a firm handshake . 
 slade prepped himself , sensing this would be a bad one . 
 maybe her husband going for the younger woman ? 
 blowing through their retirement ? 
 sleeping with the maid ? 
 `` mrs. white , it 's a pleasure to meet you . 
 i know you said you were filing for a legal separation , and i 'm very sorry for your troubles . 
 would you share some of the details with me ? '' 
 she eased back into the chair with a serene air that puzzled him . 
 `` of course , thank you for seeing me on such short notice , mr. montgomery . 
 you 've helped some friends i know and they spoke very highly of your reputation . 
 i 've been married to my husband for forty years . 
 we have four children . 
 i 'm seeking a legal separation for now so he can be free for a while to explore . '' 
 he fought a frown and flipped through the folder where he 'd made previous notes . 
 `` i see this is uncontested . 
 what brought about the separation ? 
 if he 's threatening you or been unfaithful , i can make sure you 're protected . '' 
 her laugh tinkled in the air with merriment . 
 `` oh , goodness no , he 's never cheated . 
 we 've had a wonderful life together , but he longs to travel and see the world . 
 you see , we married young and with the children and the difficulty in saving money , we did n't have much time to do anything . 
 charles always dreamed of traveling and having adventures . 
 i preferred the home life , so he compromised throughout our entire marriage . 
 we raised our kids , paid off our house , and saved for college , then retirement . 
 but now he does n't want to leave me . 
 we 've fought about it , but he refuses to listen . 
 i want him to go and have his adventures , even if it 's without me . 
 it 's his turn , you see , so the only way is to get a legal separation . '' 
 slade had heard some crazy stories , but this one caused his mind to blank . 
 he tried to make sense of her words . 
 `` i apologize , mrs. white , i 'm trying to understand . 
 your husband did nothing wrong , yet you want to file papers separating with him . 
 how will this help ? '' 
 `` it will cut the ties he believes he has to me and our marriage . 
 oh , he loves me , i 've no doubt . 
 but i want him to be happy . 
 he 's given me joy for the past forty years , compromising to be what i needed . 
 now it 's his turn . 
 the only way is to set him free . 
 if he wants to get back together after his journey , we shall . '' 
 he cleared his throat and tapped his pen against the desk . 
 `` this is an odd request . 
 i 've never counseled anyone on legal matters when they 're happy and satisfied with their spouse . '' 
 `` it must seem strange to some . 
 you see , love is a funny thing . 
 there are no guarantees , just the day-to-day and the moment . 
 you make vows , hope for the best , and do your damnedest to love the person you 're with . 
 we struggled through childhood cancer with my son , two miscarriages , and my daughter 's divorce . 
 but it always came back to us . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 slade struggled with the pieces of her story . 
 `` no . 
 you went through all that and now you want to separate ? 
 how was that possibly worth it ? 
 he may leave , and not want you back when he returns . 
 this whole thing would 've been for nothing . '' 
 anger cut through him , raw and angry . 
 `` if he gave you so much , why wo n't you go with him ? 
 what about your sacrifice ? 
 is n't he worth it ? '' 
 she leaned over the desk and clasped his hand within hers . 
 slade flinched , startled by her touch and the strength in her slightly gnarled hands . 
 her brown eyes were filled with peace and knowledge . 
 `` i 'm dying , mr. montgomery . 
 i would do anything to go with him , be by his side while he finally sees the world . 
 but i ca n't , and if i tell him , he 'll never leave . 
 i ca n't live with that knowledge . 
 so , i will let him go , and when he returns , i 'll give him the truth . 
 but not before he gets what he needs . '' 
 shock held him immobile . 
 his heart beat faster . 
 she continued speaking , her voice warm . 
 `` the possibility of love is worth everything , mr. montgomery . 
 pain , heartbreak , grief . 
 it is the only thing worthwhile to fight for in this life . 
 and though there are never any promises , if one is true and brave enough to give , there will never be regret . 
 if i lost my husband tomorrow , i would be heartbroken , yes , but i 'd never regret or change any of my decisions . 
 and i 've experienced the type of love that transcends death . 
 a love worth sacrifice and someone else 's happiness . 
 my goodness , what are the alternatives ? 
 to be safe but alone ? 
 that 's not a life ; that 's an existence . '' 
 his hand trembled . 
 the realization crashed over him , dragged him through the rocky , watery sand , and threw him into the icy waves . 
 so stupid . 
 he 'd fallen in love for the first time in his life and thrown it away because it did n't come with a signed contract of success . 
 he set himself up for a life alone when he could have kate in his bed , her laughter in his ears , and her body under his . 
 he held himself above all others like god and pitied the world for being beneath him . 
 yet , he was the one to be pitied . 
 and it might be too late . 
 `` mrs. white , i have to go . 
 right now . '' 
 she blinked , pulled her hand away , and nodded . 
 `` i understand . 
 good luck , mr. montgomery . 
 will you file the papers ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i 'll be in touch . '' 
 he raced out of his office , knowing what he needed to do . 
 kate drove home from mugs , the full moon in the sky ripe and glistening with an orange light that shimmered like magic . 
 jane and tim had hooked up at mugs and barely said a word to anyone else in the place . 
 their heads close together , silly smiles on their faces , kate sensed the relationship would proceed rapidly , but this time it would be okay . 
 they were simply meant to be together . 
 her heart ached , but she 'd gotten used to it , pushing her way through the days and nights on automatic pilot . 
 she pulled up to her house , grabbed her purse , and walked toward the door . 
 let robert out , a quick snack , and time to order the new wilson-vaughn movie . 
 probably not as good as crashers , but if it gave her a chuckle she 'd call it a success . 
 she entered the living room and stopped cold . 
 her bag fell from her grip . 
 `` hi . '' 
 slade stood before her . 
 robert sat by his side , not moving to greet her , his body shaking with enthusiasm but refusing to break rank . 
 kate fought confusion and wondered if she was hallucinating . 
 `` w-w-what are you doing here ? 
 w-w-where 's your jag ? '' 
 `` i parked it up the street . 
 i was afraid you would n't come inside if you saw it . '' 
 `` how did you g-g-get in ? '' 
 `` arilyn took pity on me . 
 said she keeps your key in case you need help with robert . '' 
 robert panted as if waiting for the big reveal . 
 kate shook her head , her emotions too raw and bloody to fight . 
 `` p-p-please do n't do this to me , '' she whispered . 
 `` i c-c-c - '' frustrated , her stutter took over and shut down her brain and her calm . 
 the words got stuck in her throat , refusing to emerge , and her body shook for control . 
 he waited her out , not interrupting , not trying to finish her sentence , and finally the inner music and calm broke through the block . 
 `` i ca n't do this anymore . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i wo n't . 
 i 'll never do anything to hurt you again , kate . 
 i just want you to listen to me , though i do n't deserve shit from you . 
 not after what i pulled . '' 
 robert wiggled his chest , then settled . 
 `` i was n't prepared for you , for what i felt . 
 my entire life and career all i 've known is not to get stuck in the endless cycle of broken relationships i see day in and day out . 
 i thought i was smart and honest and real by denying them . 
 but i was stupid and scared instead . 
 i love you . 
 i love you with everything i 've got , and i 'm not going away . 
 this time , i 'm going to fight for you , beg for your forgiveness , prove my worth . 
 i 'm not going anywhere ever again , until one day you can look into my face and trust me completely . 
 know that i 'm not running and that i want to spend the rest of my life with you . '' 
 the words were too much , and hope shimmered in the distance like a mirage . 
 `` what changed your mind now ? 
 why ? 
 are we going to have sex , and then in the morning you decide again you need to protect me and yourself ? 
 how can i trust you ? '' 
 he tightened his jaw . 
 `` because i 'll prove it . 
 starting tonight . 
 i got you a present . '' 
 she covered her eyes with her hands and let out a humorless laugh . 
 `` i do n't think flowers and candy can fix this , slade . '' 
 `` i know . 
 but maybe this can show what i see for us . 
 robert ? '' 
 robert barked twice and turned . 
 dragging his legs , she watched him run into the living room and scramble up a ramp , plopping his body on a full recliner . 
 her mouth dropped open as she gazed at the object . 
 lower to the ground , the ramp led up to plush cushions that reclined back and supported his rear legs . 
 the bunny lay beside him in tattered remains , his face filled with doggy joy . 
 `` it 's a specialized recliner just for him , '' slade explained . 
 `` it 's orthopedic , and has a heat control and his own remote . 
 and this one 's yours . '' 
 he pointed to the brand-new leather chair beside robert 's . 
 dark chocolate , soft to the touch , kate stroked her hand over the backrest while her heart thundered . 
 `` fully equipped with all the buttons you need . '' 
 `` you bought me a recliner . '' 
 kate stared at the chair , a symbol of something bigger and deeper than any ring could ever promise . 
 afraid to break the spell , she noticed the second chair edged up close to the first . 
 `` there 's another one . '' 
 `` that 's mine . '' 
 her head rotated . 
 jungle-green eyes filled with love and determination gazed back into hers . 
 `` because i 'm not going anywhere ever again , kate . 
 i want to sit next to you and watch movies with robert . 
 i want to sink between your thighs every day , make you coffee every morning , and cuddle up with you every night , under that ratty afghan with a stocked dvr . 
 i want a life with you , a real life , with the day-to-day shit and a partner to share it all with . 
 i love you , kate seymour . 
 i think i loved you the moment you electrocuted me and told me to go away . 
 the only question left is , will you give me a chance ? '' 
 joy broke through and flooded the doubts . 
 she looked at the matching recliners , at robert 's happy face , and knew she was ready to take her own chance . 
 `` yes . 
 i love you , slade . 
 i 'm not letting you go again . '' 
 he pulled her in tight and kissed her . 
 hungry , deep thrusts claimed her as his . 
 the familiar fire hit and heated their blood , softened their muscles , and they melted into one another , surrendering as soul mates . 
 `` no more trying to match me with other women ? '' 
 he murmured , kissing her cheeks and burying his fingers in her hair . 
 `` you finally met your match , counselor . '' 
 `` that i did . 
 now let 's seal the deal . '' 
 kate laughed as he scooped her up and walked to the bedroom . 
 `` you look way too happy . 
 in fact , it 's a bit sappy , even for you . 
 and what 's up with all the recliners ? 
 i feel like i dropped into a man cave . '' 
 kate grinned , stretched out , and turned her head to the left . 
 `` you 're just jealous david got you a ring and no household furniture . 
 pop a squat and see why it 's worth everything . '' 
 `` fine . 
 but my ring is damn gorgeous and-holy hell , this thing should be illegal . 
 can i adjust the heat ? '' 
 kate laughed and tossed her the remote . 
 gen sighed and stretched luxuriously . 
 `` slade wo n't get upset i 'm in his chair , right ? '' 
 kate snorted . 
 `` his hours have been insane since partnership , but i think he 's beginning to get a handle on it . 
 he 's working a difficult case with a single father and putting in extra hours to make it up to the firm . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 kate beamed . 
 `` because he 's not charging him . 
 and i learned not to piss my man off in court . 
 he 's a shark and a bear rolled into one . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe he gave up his tribeca apartment . 
 i thought he hated verily . '' 
 kate snorted . 
 `` are you kidding ? 
 i wanted to keep two residences for a while and see how it worked out , but the man never wanted to leave . 
 he knows everyone in town . 
 gets his fresh bagels from martha at the bakery , brings his laptop to the cafe and hangs with jim , and opened up an account with hector at the bookstore . 
 verily worked its magic , so we decided to keep this place until we get something a little bigger . '' 
 `` i 'm so happy for you , kate . '' 
 gen blinked furiously . 
 `` you deserve this . '' 
 `` please , no tears . 
 we 'll never get through two weddings . 
 dual maids of honor , right ? 
 you first , of course . 
 i 'd never steal your august date . '' 
 `` david was stuck on august , but i could n't care less . '' 
 a shadow crossed over her face and she eased her way out of the chair . 
 `` back to the hospital . 
 can i borrow that book on stuttering ? 
 one of my patients is having trouble and it would be good to get some solid information and tips . 
 hard to build a good relationship when she 's always nervous about opening her mouth . '' 
 `` sure . 
 over there on the shelf . '' 
 gen walked over , scanned the titles , and plucked it from the shelf . 
 `` got it . 
 hey , what 's this ? '' 
 she pulled out a small purple book and studied it with curiosity . 
 `` a book of love spells ? 
 you holding out on me , kate ? '' 
 kate slid off her chair and crossed the room . 
 `` i forgot about that . 
 i got it at the secondhand store , thinking maybe it would be fun for one of my clients . '' 
 gen stroked her hand over the violet fabric . 
 `` you did n't do the spell , did you ? '' 
 kate winced . 
 `` no . 
 yes . 
 well , after slade and i split for the first time , or second , i ca n't remember , i was lonely and thought , what the hell ? '' 
 gen shook her head . 
 `` you are too cool . 
 you own a magical gift and have the guts to create a spell . 
 guess it worked , huh ? '' 
 kate paused . 
 how odd . 
 of course , it was a complete coincidence that the casting of the spell led to love and an engagement . 
 right ? 
 the list . 
 `` wait a minute , let me check something . '' 
 she raced to her bedroom , stuck her hand under the mattress , and pulled out the crinkled paper . 
 unfolding it , she read through the qualities she requested in a soul mate . 
 1 . 
 a sense of humor 2 . 
 intelligence 3 . 
 loyalty 4 . 
 trustworthiness 5 . 
 protective of family 6 . 
 character 7 . 
 fights for what he believes in 8 . 
 loves dogs -lrb- robert -rrb- 9 . 
 loves tv and movies -lrb- comedies -rrb- 10 . 
 a man i experience the touch with 11 . 
 great lover 12 . 
 a man willing to believe in love kate gasped . 
 the list encompassed all the qualities her future husband exhibited . 
 she shoved the paper back under the mattress and walked back to gen. `` what 's the matter ? 
 you look like you 've seen a ghost . '' 
 `` think i did . 
 let 's just say i think the spell worked , which is impossible because i do n't believe in earth mother or burning lists in fires or coincidence . '' 
 gen stared , then looked down at the book . 
 `` can i have it ? '' 
 kate laughed . 
 `` you already found mr. right . '' 
 `` i know . 
 but maybe izzy would get a kick out of it . 
 she 's been so difficult to talk to lately , i thought we 'd get a laugh . 
 maybe talk about the old days . 
 boys usually help the bonding experience . '' 
 kate hurt for her friend , who missed her twin deeply . 
 `` of course , take it . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 a strange premonition misted her vision as gen 's fingers closed around the book . 
 almost as if she sensed something big was going to happen , and the path would not be easy . 
 a shiver worked down her spine . 
 gen was happily ignorant of her worry , patting robert 's head and drifting out the door with a hearty good-bye . 
 kate prayed david would give gen everything beautiful . 
 her friend deserved a lifetime of happiness . 
 she stared down at her own ring , the gorgeous round stone simply and beautifully cut , sparkling on her finger like a million rays of joy . 
 finally . 
 it had been so worth the journey to get here . 
 with a light heart , kate settled back into her recliner , with her dog and her remote , and waited for the man she loved to walk through the door . 
 epilogue the sun streamed through the open windows and over my fur , warming my body like a heated blankie . 
 i snuggled deeper into my bed and gave a big sigh . 
 bunny squeak lay close to my paw , and the delicious scents of meat drifted in the air . 
 hmm , dinner . 
 mommy and daddy were talking behind me . 
 laughing . 
 then the sound of slurping . 
 kissing they called it . 
 i closed my eyes halfway and dozed for a bit . 
 i remember when i was able to run , really really fast . 
 i had all my legs then , but i was n't happy . 
 the bad people hurt me , and i tried to keep being better , but i was never good enough . 
 the first time i saw kate , i thought she was an angel . 
 she picked me up from that hill and saved me . 
 her eyes were very big and very kind . 
 i did n't think she 'd want me . 
 my legs were broken , and i knew i could n't run and play anymore . 
 but she did n't care . 
 she got me a cool cart and taught me to run as fast as the wind , and she spent hours talking to me about important things . 
 i always listened . 
 i loved watching silly movies with her , and cuddling in bed , and staying with her when she cried . 
 i hated when she cried , but then she 'd hug me and laugh and things would be okay again . 
 i always wanted a daddy , for her and me , and now i have one . 
 he gave me bunny squeak and walks me at the park and loves mommy . 
 he got me the best chair and now my butt feels so much better when i lie down . 
 i finally have a real family , just like the other dogs at the park . 
 i 'd rather have no legs and be with mommy and daddy . 
 i never thought love existed or if it was really meant for me , but i was wrong . 
 i guess if you never give up and keep fighting , eventually you find the one meant for you . 
 or the ones . 
 `` robert ? '' 
 i picked up my head . 
 daddy 's arms linked around mommy 's waist . 
 he held up two bags of treats . 
 `` peanut butter or bacon ? '' 
 i barked once . 
 `` bacon it is . '' 
 daddy walked over , patted me on the head , and gave me my treat . 
 i munched on the crunchy treat , pulled bunny squeak closer , and felt happy . 
 i guess sometimes you ca n't give up hope , even if you are broken . 
 i hope other dogs and other humans realize it and take their shot . 
 with a big sigh , i dropped my head back on the mat and slept . 
