 chapter 1 ~ mari ~ i run . 
 i run out the front door of my house sobbing . 
 i do n't know what i think or what i need . 
 i just know that i want trystan , but when i get to his house , something 's wrong . 
 when trystan pulls the door open , it seems like he is going to walk out , which is strange since he 's not wearing a shirt and his hair is damp . 
 i glance at his face - his blue eyes are wild . 
 they 're too big , like he has no idea what to do , like i 'm the last person he expected on his doorstep . 
 trystan hesitates . 
 he looks over his shoulder with panic in his eyes . 
 he tells me to leave in a rush of air . 
 i can hardly make out the word . 
 my heart is pounding . 
 my skin prickles . 
 something is wrong , but i do n't understand . 
 before i have a chance to ask , someone slams into trystan . 
 the door snaps shut as their bodies collide and fall into the wall . 
 i scream . 
 my hands fly to my face as the sound rips out of the back of my throat . 
 someone is hurting him . 
 now it makes sense . 
 now the look on his face , the fear in his eyes , means something . 
 trystan was going to run out the front door , but i was standing there blocking his way . 
 if he tried to run past , whoever is fighting with trystan could have come after me instead . 
 trystan threw himself in the middle . 
 he knew someone was behind him . 
 glancing around frantically , i try to figure out what to do . 
 i 'm tiny . 
 i ca n't do anything , but i know what i saw . 
 someone is hurting trystan . 
 i pull my cell phone from my pocket and call 911 . 
 i 'm not even sure what i 'm saying . 
 i repeat myself and say the name of the condo unit one more time . 
 they ask me too many questions . 
 they try to keep me in place , but i ca n't just stand there . 
 i put the phone down without hanging up . 
 they can find me . 
 that 's when things get worse . 
 i hear trystan 's voice through the front window . 
 it 's a strangled yelp and then a crash . 
 glass shatters inside the house . 
 horrors are taking place behind that door . 
 my heart thumps in my chest so furiously that i think it might crack my ribs . 
 my muscles tense . 
 every part of me knows that i 'll get my ass kicked - maybe worse - if i walk through that door , but i have to . 
 i ca n't leave him in there . 
 i ca n't wait for the police . 
 trystan needs me . 
 someone 's hurting him . 
 i ca n't just stand here and cower . 
 but i have nothing to fight with . 
 i glance around and see a busted up brick in the parking lot . 
 i run and grab it . 
 then , i do the stupidest thing i 've ever done in my entire life - i open the door and go inside . 
 the sight makes me stop in my tracks . 
 my mouth gapes open . 
 a man in a white dress shirt has trystan by the throat and is pressing him into the wall . 
 trystan 's hands are wrapped tightly around the man 's wrists . 
 every muscle in trystan 's body is corded tight , like they could snap at any second . 
 his face is a mixture of pain and terror , and is the wrong color . 
 he ca n't breathe . 
 trystan does n't see me . 
 the other man does n't hear me . 
 he 's screaming at trystan , blaming him for something that i ca n't understand . 
 every time the man screams , he shoves trystan back into the wall , harder and harder , choking him . 
 rage courses through my veins . 
 my muscles tense and i do n't think . 
 i feel the rock burning a hole in my hand . 
 i feel the pull toward the man 's back , as if the broken brick wants to collide with his head . 
 i launch myself across the room and swing my arm . 
 my hand comes down hard and the brick slams into the man 's head . 
 but , i realize my mistake too late . 
 i 'm too short , too weak . 
 i did n't hit him hard enough . 
 instead of falling to the ground , the man drops trystan to the floor and rounds on me . 
 his eyes burn like acid , overflowing with hatred . 
 i know i 'm going to die . 
 the way he looks at me , the way his hands float up so slowly , makes every hair on my body stand on end . 
 i slide one shoe back . 
 my senses are all hypersensitive , but it does n't help . 
 i know what he 's going to do . 
 i see him coming toward me , slowly fixating his focus on my neck . 
 i know he wants to snap me like a twig . 
 my lips are parted , but i ca n't speak . 
 someone has stolen my voice . 
 `` what the f ** k gives you the right to attack me in my own home ? '' 
 his voice is like gravel and nails . 
 venom is laced thickly through every word . 
 his shoulders are hunched forward like he 's ready to pounce and bury me in the ground . 
 my heart hammers harder . 
 i do n't understand . 
 i blink , even though i do n't want to take my eyes off the man . 
 `` you were hurting him . '' 
 the words come out of my mouth in a huff of air as though he 's already choking me . 
 `` it 's none of your damn business what i do to him . '' 
 the man 's jaw shifts back and forth . 
 he steps toward me and grabs my wrist . 
 i scream and he shoves me back into the wall . 
 i claw at my arm , at that one wrist that he has pinned , but i 'm not strong enough . 
 the man hisses in my face , `` he 's my kid , not yours . 
 i should break your hand for this . 
 you came into my home and attacked me . 
 no one would blame me , you know . 
 no one would know what happened here . 
 they 'd say you were lucky that i did n't shoot you . '' 
 he twists my wrist slowly , twisting it farther and farther . 
 my heart pounds frantically , as pain shoots up my arm . 
 i try to pull away from him , but i ca n't . 
 i scratch at his hand , the one holding me , and kick his shins , but he just laughs . 
 it 's like i 'm a fly . 
 i ca n't do anything to stop him . 
 fear makes my body shake . 
 he smiles like he 's enjoying hurting me , like he 'll really do it . 
 i freak out . 
 my brain snaps . 
 trystan is battered and bloody on the floor and this lunatic is his father . 
 this is the person responsible . 
 before i know what i 'm doing , my mouth lands on his shoulder and i bite . 
 he screams and throws me back . 
 the floor hits me hard and i roll onto my side . 
 there 's no time - there 's no time to run or crawl away . 
 before i can blink , his foot connects with my stomach . 
 pain shoots through me as tears burst from my eyes . 
 a raw scream rips from my throat . 
 i try to curl into a ball , but the man does n't stop . 
 it 's like he ca n't stop , like he has to finish this . 
 i scream louder as the foot comes at me again , but it does n't connect . 
 trystan is yelling , his voice is mangled , but i still understand him . 
 `` do n't touch her ! '' 
 he 's standing . 
 there are angry marks around his neck and his lip is split . 
 a trail of blood runs down his cheek . 
 that wound from the other day , the one that tucker was upset about , opened up . 
 tucker . 
 tucker knew something was wrong . 
 my eyes dart to trystan . 
 his dad has been beating the shit out of him . 
 i did n't know . 
 horror washes over me in a frigid wave . 
 how did i not know ? 
 trystan 's dad has a strange look on his face . 
 i get to my feet even though my middle feels like it 's been smashed to bits . 
 trystan stands between us . 
 his shoulders are tense , corded with muscle , ready to fight . 
 i do n't breathe . 
 i ca n't . 
 everything happens so quickly , but it feels like forever , like we 're moving through a vat of vaseline . 
 trystan 's dad takes a swing at his son . 
 angry words come pouring out of his mouth and his fist follows . 
 trystan remains between us , dodges the hit , and swings his arm straight up . 
 trystan 's fist connects under his dad 's jaw . 
 the punch is solid . 
 the man 's bones make a cracking sound before he gets a strange look on his face and falls backwards . 
 his body hits the floor . 
 trystan stands over his father , breathing hard , his fingers still clenched into a fist . 
 neither of us moves . 
 trystan 's shaking , looking at his hand like he 's some kind of monster . 
 when he turns back to me , i nearly die . 
 his expression is horrible . 
 all the anguish is plainly painted across his face for me to see . 
 we both stare at each other for a second . 
 it feels like time stops , but in a bad way . 
 i finally remember i have feet and lunge at him , throwing myself into his arms . 
 trystan 's chest is slick , covered in sweat . 
 i feel every muscle in his body as he wraps his arms around me . 
 he buries his face in my hair and we stay like that until the lights and voices tear us apart . 
 trystan releases me and looks up confused . 
 their words sound like far away echoes . 
 they say to drop to the floor , to let go of me . 
 neither of us moves . 
 we both shiver as the men run at us . 
 one pulls me from trystan , while the other knocks him to the floor and pulls his arms behind his back . 
 a police officer speaks to me . 
 `` are you all right ? 
 are you the one who called ? 
 miss. . . '' 
 he continues to talk , but i 'm shaking . 
 i ca n't understand why they 're hurting trystan . 
 i ca n't understand anything . 
 i blurt out , `` he did n't hurt me ! 
 that man did . 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 i try to pull away from the cop , but he keeps me back . 
 more police are there . 
 another cop car . 
 they say that i should calm down . 
 they ask my name , my parent 's names . 
 they want to know what happened , if i 'm all right . 
 but i ca n't speak , they do n't listen when i tell them that trystan is hurt . 
 they pull trystan away from me and i ca n't see him . 
 it feels like there 's a foot on my chest and i ca n't breathe . 
 chapter 2 ~ trystan ~ something inside of him snapped this time . 
 when trystan saw mari fall and his father 's foot connect with her stomach , his brain broke . 
 red hot rage ran behind his eyes , blinding him . 
 before trystan knew what happened , his father was on the floor . 
 he remembers the steps toward his dad . 
 he remembers the way it felt when his fist collided with the old man 's jaw . 
 maybe dad deserved it . 
 maybe , but that is n't the emotion rolling over his skin . 
 trystan looks at his hand , still clenched tight . 
 that fist . 
 oh god . 
 he did n't want to fight back . 
 fighting back makes it worse . 
 fighting back makes him like his father . 
 trystan 's stomach twists as he stares at nothing . 
 after a moment , he sees her - mari . 
 she moves toward him . 
 shame covers him like a thick blanket . 
 he did n't defend her fast enough . 
 he did n't prevent this . 
 he should have . 
 when mari falls against him , trystan pulls her to him , touching her back and lacing his fingers through her hair . 
 he saw the kick and knows how much she hurts . 
 trystan is careful not to make it worse , but he does n't want to let go . 
 closing his eyes , he buries his face in her hair and breathes . 
 it seems like hours pass this way . 
 his life is so f ** ked up , so far beyond repair - and mari walked straight into it . 
 she saw him when he opened the door , but she did n't run . 
 mari came inside . 
 she must have done something after he blacked out . 
 the last thing trystan remembers is his father 's fingers around his throat and the liquid fire filling his lungs . 
 then , trystan opened his eyes and the world was on its side . 
 mari was on the floor . 
 it was too much . 
 trystan was too late . 
 he did n't save her . 
 he walked her into this mess , led her straight into it . 
 mari 's hands are warm and hold onto him tightly . 
 she does n't hold back . 
 it is n't until the cops arrive that they part , and it is n't willingly . 
 before trystan knows what 's happening , he 's forced to the floor with a knee in his back . 
 they say things to him , but the pain is making it hard to focus . 
 he ca n't swallow . 
 his entire throat burns and aches at the same time . 
 it 's like his neck was in a vice , but it was n't . 
 it was in his father 's hands . 
 they pull trystan up and drag him into the kitchen . 
 the wall blocks his view of mari . 
 anger is coursing so wildly through his body that he can barely control it . 
 the cops ask him questions , but he ca n't really speak . 
 each word is like a nail through his throat . 
 the only things he can manage is , `` it 's not her fault . 
 i did this . '' 
 they shove paper at him . 
 trystan knows better than to write anything down . 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` do n't be a dumbass kid . 
 write down what happened . '' 
 the cop pushes the paper back at trystan , but he does n't take it . 
 `` you 're old man beat you one too many times . 
 we know this story kid . 
 the girl showed up and tried to help . 
 things got out of hand . 
 i know how this goes . 
 tell us something . '' 
 but trystan is quiet . 
 the cop glances through the doorway to the cops in the other room . 
 he shakes his head once , and turns his attention back to trystan . 
 another cop comes into the room . 
 he 's shaking his head , like he ca n't believe trystan 's so stupid . 
 `` are you a minor , kid ? '' 
 the new cop asks . 
 trystan shakes his head and wishes he did n't . 
 it makes his head throb more . 
 he mutters curse words under his breathe and looks back at trystan 's dad who is still lying on the floor . 
 a few minutes later the paramedics arrive . 
 trystan does n't want them to look at him , but the cops insist . 
 there 's no way to pay for this , but they look him over anyway . 
 they tell trystan that he 'll be all right . 
 they tell him that his father is awake and unharmed , but they are taking him in anyway . 
 they repeat a question , `` you sure you did n't pass out ? 
 not even for a second ? '' 
 trystan mouths no . 
 he lies . 
 he is n't going to the damn emergency room . 
 trystan knows exactly where he 's going as soon as the paramedics leave . 
 `` kid , we 're going to have to bring you to the jail if you do n't go with them . 
 blacking out would be normal . 
 it 's nothing to do with how much of a man you are . '' 
 the cop looks at him . 
 he does n't understand . 
 it is n't blacking out . 
 it 's that his private life is suddenly exposed . 
 all those years of misery are out in the open . 
 the only thing trystan wanted was to get through the next couple of months and then go out on his own . 
 this was n't part of the plan . 
 mari appears in the doorway . 
 `` i 'm not pressing charges . '' 
 trystan perks up in his chair , but the cop places a hand on his shoulder to keep him in place . 
 there are two officers with mari , walking her out to the car . 
 she screamed the words as she passed by . 
 trystan says , `` but her father will . '' 
 `` smart boy . 
 come on . 
 let 's get going . 
 you 're going to have a long night . '' 
 the cop gestures for trystan to stand and hold out his wrists . 
 cold metal bites into trystan 's skin when the handcuffs tighten . 
 he blinks slowly , wondering how he ended up with this life . 
 chapter 3 ~ mari ~ tear stains streak my cheeks . 
 when the cop car pulls up in front of my parent 's house , i nearly die . 
 one of the officers goes ahead to the door , while the other one fishes me out of the backseat . 
 `` they are n't home , '' i say . 
 the two cops look at me . 
 they 're both young with no wrinkles around their eyes . 
 one has dark skin and the other one is so pale that he 's practically glowing . 
 they 're like a law enforcement ying-yang . 
 the pasty guy asks , `` where are they ? '' 
 `` work , '' i say . 
 they 're always at work . 
 and if these guys call them , i 'm going to get my ass handed to me . 
 it does n't matter that it is n't my fault . 
 `` my dad 's a surgeon . 
 my mom 's a nurse . 
 is there any way you could take care of this with them in the morning ? '' 
 they both shake their heads . 
 i reach for the door and stick in the key . 
 `` fine , come inside . '' 
 i keep talking as i walk in . 
 they follow me . 
 their heads swivel on their shoulders as they take in the house . 
 everyone does that . 
 it 's too posh , too pretty . 
 it 's a status symbol in the extreme . 
 `` do you want coffee or something ? '' 
 `` no , thank you , miss , '' the cop with the super-tan says . 
 his name is marcello . 
 i squint to read it on his chest . 
 `` we 'll just wait for your parents . 
 what time do you expect them ? '' 
 `` in the morning . 
 they both work the night shift . '' 
 i quickly add , `` and if you call them , and i 'm not dead , i will be when they get home . '' 
 i ca n't say more . 
 i hope to god that they understand what i mean and take me seriously . 
 the pasty cop furrows his brow . 
 he steps toward me . 
 `` is someone hurting you here ? '' 
 i say nothing . 
 i just stare at them . 
 no one is hurting me . 
 no one is ever here . 
 it 's not like what trystan was enduring . 
 my god . 
 my stomach clenches thinking about him , about the pain in his eyes . 
 he hid it from me all these years . 
 there were times he seemed off , but i could n't figure him out . 
 now i know why . 
 i feel sick . 
 pressing my lips together , i ask , `` what 'd you do with trystan ? '' 
 `` he 's been taken in for questioning . 
 they should let him go , because of what it is . 
 you 're the wild card in this equation . 
 your parents need to be notified . 
 if they want to press charges , we 'll be forced to comply . '' 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 i ask looking at both of them . 
 `` why would they press charges ? '' 
 marcello takes a deep breath . 
 his eyes shift and he looks at his partner . 
 neither of them wants to tell me , but they both know the answer . 
 `` just be glad things did n't get worse , okay . 
 and stay away from that complex . 
 there 's some low-life scum in that part of town . '' 
 `` trystan 's not like that , '' i say , automatically defending him . 
 `` he 's a good guy . 
 his dad beat the shit out him . '' 
 marcello does n't want to say it . 
 his eyes shift to the side and then back to me . 
 `` listen , kid . 
 guys like that do n't get second chances . 
 his dad may have been the one that messed him up , but there 's no saving him . 
 you understand ? 
 there 's nothing left to save . 
 he 's already gone . 
 stay away from guys like that if you want to be happy . '' 
 the cop stares at me like i 'm his little sister , like he 's remembering something . 
 he blinks and looks away . 
 his partner is at the door . 
 they 're leaving to find my parents . 
 i hope to god that my parents are n't at work - that somehow they fail to be notified - because i know how this will end . 
 my throat constricts and my heart pounds harder . 
 i say nothing else . 
 they nod and leave . 
 once again , i am alone . 
 the next morning , my parents sit across the table from me . 
 they eat breakfast like nothing happened last night . 
 they do n't even talk about it . 
 it is n't until i stand to leave that my father asks my mother about the lawyer . 
 i stop and turn with my plate in my hands . 
 i 'm worried that they 're going to press charges against trystan . 
 `` lawyer for what ? '' 
 daddy shoots daggers at me with his eyes . 
 `` for what ? 
 oh , let 's see . 
 first of all there was that assault you were involved in with brie and then there was the incident last night . '' 
 his jaw twitches . 
 i know he wants to scream at me until his eyes get too big for his head and that vein in his temple swells to spaghetti size . 
 `` she had nothing to do with the incident last night . 
 the officer said - '' mother is kind . 
 she tries to defend me for once , but daddy cuts her off . 
 `` the officer was being polite . 
 he did n't want to say that our daughter was with a derelict and his drunken father , doing god knows what , when things got out of hand . '' 
 daddy gives mom a stern look and she lowers her head and goes back to her eggs . 
 my heart falls inside my chest . 
 i wish she 'd defend me . 
 just once . 
 when daddy resumes his rant , his voice is tense , clipped . 
 `` i 'm not pressing charges . 
 it 'll cost more than it 's worth . '' 
 i hear it 'll cost more than you 're worth . 
 it rings crystal clear in my head , like he actually said it . 
 he looks up at me and asks , `` tell me , mari - do you intend to throw away your life on someone so utterly beneath you , or do you intend to make something of yourself ? 
 actions like this have consequences and from where i stand , you 're throwing away your life . 
 you 're nothing but a goddamn waste . '' 
 his words cut me in two . 
 i do n't know what i expected him to say but that was n't it . 
 i move robotically to the sink and set my plate down . 
 my chest constricts and turns cold . 
 my eyes do n't blink , they look but they do n't see . 
 i do n't see daddy go back to his breakfast like he wished me well today . 
 i do n't see my mother cowering , doing nothing to prevent his words from stabbing me in the heart . 
 i 've done nothing to warrant this from him , yet , this is my treatment . 
 i 'm an inconvenience . 
 he makes that abundantly clear . 
 i 'm a bill . 
 i 'm an expense . 
 i 'm an adverse risk , one that he would have rather lived without . 
 chapter 4 ~ trystan ~ the police do n't know what to do with him . 
 trystan is too old or too young . 
 the cops do n't want to throw him in jail , but they have n't released him yet , either . 
 trystan sits in the police station after questioning that took too long . 
 he did n't say much . 
 there was n't much to say . 
 the police station is busy even though it 's getting late . 
 it seems like the later it gets , the more stupid people become . 
 trystan is sitting in an old beat up wooden chair by the detective 's desk . 
 the cop sits next to him filling out paperwork , not saying much . 
 trystan 's gaze is carefully placed on the floor where it ca n't attract trouble . 
 his arms are folded over his chest and he 's slumped back in his seat . 
 there is n't anything that he would n't give to be somewhere else . 
 this trip , this whole damn night , is going to ruin his shot at the army . 
 trystan stares at his toe , the once-white part of his converse , as he thinks that plan was shot to hell anyway . 
 mari loves him . 
 mari wants to be with him . 
 and now this . 
 trystan rubs his hands over his face and back through his hair . 
 he stretches and looks over at the cop . 
 `` can i go ? '' 
 he 's polite . 
 it 's a stupid question . 
 after everything that happened , trystan 's sure they wo n't release him . 
 `` not yet , kid . 
 let me finish this and you can sign it . 
 if the girl 's family presses charges , we 'll deal with it then . 
 i do n't want to throw you in a cell with the guys that are in there tonight . 
 too much shit has happened . 
 they 'll rip you apart before you even get a chance to turn around . '' 
 the cop has a wrinkled dress shirt on . 
 his tie is loosened around his neck . 
 his face is covered in wrinkles and his skin weathered like old leather . 
 there are too many creases and he has that smoky smell that comes from lighting up too many times each day . 
 the cop does n't look up at trystan . 
 this is the first time anyone told him what was going on . 
 since they dragged him into the station , no one said anything to him . 
 trystan does n't want to ask , but he ca n't help it . 
 `` did they say if they 're going to press charges ? '' 
 the cop nods , not looking up from his paperwork . 
 `` not yet , but she 's a minor . 
 they 'll probably talk to their lawyer in the morning and we 'll hear back then . '' 
 he glances up at trystan and points a pen at the string of bruises blossoming around trystan 's neck . 
 `` from the look of things , it could have been a lot worse . 
 you 're lucky . '' 
 trystan laughs . 
 the sound is so bitter that he can taste it . 
 `` if that was lucky - '' the cop cuts him off . 
 he looks straight at trystan and narrows his eyes . 
 `` damn right , it was lucky . 
 lucky she showed up . 
 lucky your old man did n't break her ribs . 
 lucky you 're still breathing . 
 you were lucky , trystan . 
 no one else stepped in . 
 that parking lot was filled with people . 
 they all minded their own business and let your dad strangle you . 
 that girl saved your ass . '' 
 his old eyes hold trystan 's for a moment and his expression softens . 
 `` if you 've got some family you can stay with until you graduate , do it . 
 these things do n't end well . 
 once you pass that point , once you fight back , there 's just going to be more of it . '' 
 trystan holds the cop 's gaze for a second and nods . 
 trystan gets what the detective is saying . 
 do n't go home . 
 trystan slides down further in the seat . 
 his arms are flexed tightly across his chest with his head lowered . 
 it 's the only way to hide the marks on his neck . 
 he swallows hard and waits , thinking . 
 too many thoughts , too many images flood his mind . 
 everything in his life sucks , everything expect mari . 
 when trystan thinks about what she did , how she raced in like she was n't the least bit afraid - oh god . 
 if there was a rewind button on life , trystan would press it . 
 he would go back and delete the whole thing . 
 if he 'd never went home , this would n't have happened . 
 as it is , it kills him that mari was hurt and he could n't stop it . 
 there are too many things wrong with his life , too many things that he ca n't fix . 
 _____ a noise startles trystan awake . 
 he rolls over on the old couch and flinches . 
 his shirt is on the floor and he 's wearing nothing but his jeans and a tattered blanket from the prop bin . 
 when trystan had nowhere to go , he decided to break into the school and sleep in the prop room . 
 no one comes down there early in the morning , which is confusing him now . 
 trystan blinks again and yawns . 
 a pair of brown eyes and soft dark hair comes into focus . 
 `` mari ? '' 
 he asks , still half asleep . 
 he wonders if he 's dreaming . 
 trystan blinks again , but his throat is still aching . 
 it feels like his body was ripped apart last night and reassembled . 
 add to that the shame he 's feeling and trystan can barely breathe . 
 mari reaches for him and smoothes her hand across his cheek . 
 her touch is warm , gentle . 
 `` did you sleep here ? '' 
 her eyes slide over his chest and then back up to his face . 
 trystan stretches and sits up , letting the blanket fall from his body . 
 he really does n't want to answer . 
 it is n't that he does n't trust mari , it 's that he wishes that part of his life did n't exist . 
 but , after last night he owes her . 
 trystan rubs the sleep from his eyes and says , `` yeah . 
 i had to . 
 i could n't go home . '' 
 `` what happened last night after i left ? 
 i tried to stay , but they would n't let me do anything . 
 the police treated me like a child . 
 it ... '' her gaze is on the side of his face . 
 she lets out a sigh and closes her eyes for a second . 
 when she reopens them again , mari looks at the same spot on the floor as trystan . 
 they both have that vacant gaze . 
 `` i was worried about you . '' 
 she bumps his knees with hers . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' trystan says , but deep inside he 's not fine . 
 somehow mari got sucked into his private hell , and that makes it worse . 
 trystan could n't stop it . 
 when he finally passed out on the couch last night , the whole nightmare unfolded again and again as he dreamed . 
 that 's the problem with his life , there is no escaping it , not even in sleep . 
 trystan glances past mari , looking for his shirt . 
 `` what about you ? 
 did your dad ... '' mari stirs and sees his shirt . 
 she reaches for it and hands it to him . 
 trystan pulls the fabric over his head as she speaks , but her eyes lift to his neck and lock there . 
 she ca n't tear her gaze away . 
 `` dad does n't listen to me . 
 he does n't hit me , but sometimes i think he will . 
 oh god , trystan . 
 why did n't you tell me ? 
 i had no idea - '' `` there 's a reason why you had no idea . 
 i love you , mari , i really do - but i ca n't talk about this . 
 it is n't something that i want to share . 
 i 'm completely horrified that you walked into it . 
 i 'm horrified that he hurt you . 
 i. . . '' 
 trystan 's jaw drops open and for the first time since it happened , he really looks at mari . 
 he meets her gaze and holds it . 
 she 's his refuge . 
 mari is his glue , his balm , his other half . 
 her brown eyes are wide . 
 her narrow fingers are gripped tightly in front of her waist , like she thinks she did something wrong . 
 `` i just want to get past it and now i ca n't even hide it . 
 everyone is going to see my neck and know . '' 
 mari is wearing an oversized flannel shirt . 
 without a word , she unbuttons it , revealing the cami beneath . 
 trystan does n't realize what she 's doing until she holds out the flannel to him . 
 `` take it . 
 it has a collar . 
 and i have access to the stage make-up . 
 that will cover up the marks in front . 
 no one will know . 
 everything will be okay . '' 
 even as she says it , trystan knows mari does n't believe it . 
 there 's a look in her eye , but he does n't press her about it . 
 instead he nods and takes the shirt , grateful . 
 mari changes the subject and talks about other things while she dabs thick , cold , goopy , foundation on his neck . 
 this will work . 
 it covers everything . 
 her fingers are so soft and work so fast . 
 trystan waits until she stops talking and asks , `` what made you come here this morning ? 
 school does n't start for another hour or more . '' 
 part of him thinks that she was looking for him . 
 the other part thinks something happened , something with her dad . 
 mari 's shoulders tense . 
 she stands taller and her eyes dart away . 
 he 's right . 
 fuck , he did n't want to be right . 
 she licks her lips and finishes covering up his mangled neck . 
 `` i had to get out of my house . 
 you know how it is . '' 
 `` yeah , i know . '' 
 he 's quiet for a moment . 
 mari is wearing one of those cami 's with the lace at the top . 
 it hugs her body , closely fitting to every curve . 
 his eyes drink her in . 
 in the back of trystan 's mind , he knows that he 's going to lose her . 
 life is n't fair and he knows that , but losing her so soon is unbearable . 
 mari 's dark hair falls down her back in a cascade of thick curls . 
 they sway and fall over her shoulder as she works . 
 mari moves around him , not feeling his eyes on her skin as she picks up the make-up and puts it back in the kit . 
 trystan feels so torn . 
 he needs her , but she 'd be so much better off without him . 
 trystan has nothing to offer her . 
 he only brings pain and shame . 
 he swallows hard , trying to ignore the guilt that 's choking him . 
 when mari turns around , she has a soft smile on her lips . 
 she is n't afraid of him . 
 she does n't pity him . 
 mari acts like trystan is the same guy he was yesterday , before she learned his secret . 
 she sits down next to him and helps him pull her shirt on . 
 it was too big on her , but it 's about the right size for him . 
 she buttons it up , a few of the top buttons she leaves open , and smiles at him . 
 mari places her hand over his heart and says , `` no one will know . '' 
 their eyes lock . 
 a rush of emotion floods through him . 
 trystan feels too much . 
 after everything that happened , he just wants to hold onto her and never let go . 
 acting on the urge , trystan leans in and gathers mari in his arms and holds her tight . 
 she winces as he does it , which makes him let go . 
 `` you 're hurt . '' 
 trystan 's blue gaze slips over the cami . 
 he does n't see anything . 
 slowly , he inches his hand toward the hem of her shirt . 
 mari is very still , her dark eyes tracking his hands as he takes the bottom of her cami and slowly slides it up . 
 an angry purple mark mars her perfectly pale skin . 
 he ca n't breathe . 
 things ca n't be like this . 
 she 's hurt because of him . 
 he should n't do this . 
 he should n't be here with her and he sure as hell should n't be touching her , but he ca n't stop . 
 it 's still early . 
 no one is here . 
 trystan could slide his fingers along her soft skin and press his lips to hers . 
 she could take him away from here with a taste of those lips . 
 trystan could be higher than high in a heartbeat if he just leaned in and kissed her . 
 mari 's eyes drift to his lips . 
 his hands are still on her shirt , his fingers are so close to her skin that it aches not to touch her . 
 mari takes a jagged breath and looks up at him . 
 her eyes are molten chocolate . 
 they shimmer with golden heat . 
 the way she looks at him makes trystan 's heart beat harder . 
 suddenly , he 's hot all over . 
 his body is responding to her . 
 he wants to lean in . 
 trystan wants to be with her , but he does n't move . 
 trystan 's lips are a breath from mari 's . 
 the stay like that too long , impossibly long . 
 lingering thoughts tease him , telling him to take what he needs - that she 'll let him - that mari needs him just as much . 
 but he ca n't . 
 he ca n't drag her into this more than he already has . 
 guilt juts up between them like a wall . 
 trystan blinks and breaks their gaze . 
 he turns his face away from mari without explanation . 
 he sucks in air and runs his hands through his hair and down the back of his neck . 
 she deserves so much more . 
 chapter 5 ~ mari ~ when trystan pulls away , it feels like my lungs have been ripped out of my throat . 
 i do n't understand why he does it . 
 my heart races frantically , and wo n't calm down . 
 trystan bends forward and lowers his head like he 's praying . 
 he does n't look up right away . 
 i want to take him in my arms and fix this , but i know i ca n't . 
 there are too many things bottled up inside of him , too many thoughts that i do n't know . 
 so , i do the only thing that i know to do . 
 i stand up and smooth my shirt back into place . 
 my middle is still sore as hell , but i 'd rather die than pass up the chance to have trystan 's hands on me . 
 `` come on , scott , '' i say , grabbing a pillow off the couch . 
 the thing is old , huge , and heavy . 
 trystan glances at me from the corner of his eye . 
 i waive the pillow at him . 
 it nearly knocks me off balance . 
 `` i 'm serious , scott . 
 we both have shitty lives . 
 mine is covered in glitz so people do n't bother to notice , but i 'm not stupid . 
 and i 'm not letting you give in to it . 
 get up . '' 
 when trystan does n't move , i swing the pillow at him . 
 i try to do it gently , but there is no gently with these things . 
 it 's too big . 
 the pillow hits him in the side of the face and makes a smacking sound . 
 trystan actually sways sideways . 
 he glances at me with a shocked look on his face . 
 the corners of my lips curl up . 
 `` you know you liked it . '' 
 i waggle my eyebrows at him and he laughs . 
 trystan stands and plucks a pillow from the couch , but not before i have the chance to whack him again . 
 the pillow is too heavy . 
 it pulls me forward every time i swing . 
 when it smacks trystan , it sounds like i hit him with a ream of paper . 
 he rounds on me with that boyish grin on his face , and then nearly falls over . 
 i laugh , but trystan already has his footing back . 
 he taps me lightly with his pillow , like i might break . 
 `` what the hell was that , scott ? '' 
 i tease him and bounce on the balls of my feet . 
 i taunt him and say , `` play like you mean it . '' 
 `` you like it rough ? '' 
 the corner of his mouth twitches . 
 `` no holding back . 
 not now . 
 not ever . '' 
 i say the words and know that i 'm not talking about a pillow fight . 
 i 'm talking about us , about what 's happening between us and to us . 
 i do n't want to give up and i do n't want to lose him . 
 i swipe my pillow at his arm . 
 it took a mega-swing to get momentum , but i manage . 
 when the pillow collides with trystan , he staggers to the side before dropping his pillow . 
 his blue eyes are crystal clear . 
 trystan steps toward me , pulls the pillow from my hands , and slides his palms up my cheeks and then tangles his fingers in my hair . 
 a rush of tingles shoots through my middle . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 trystan looks at me like i 'm air and that he ca n't breathe without me . 
 he brings our faces closer , so slowly that it feels like i 'm going to die , but then our lips touch and everything changes . 
 butterflies fill my stomach . 
 they swoop inside of me , making me giddy . 
 the spots on my face where his palms touch my skin are electrified . 
 a current shoots through me and makes me tingle . 
 and his lips , oh god , his lips - they press lightly at first . 
 his mouth is so soft , his lips are so full . 
 it 's like that kiss when we were rehearsing , and then suddenly it 's not . 
 trystan stops holding back . 
 his desperation hits me hard . 
 the tension in his arms flows into his hands and onto my cheeks as he tightens his grip . 
 the heat from his body encompasses me and i 'm lost , falling through space . 
 my eyes close and little white spots flicker behind my eyes . 
 his hands slip over my skin and carefully move down my back and under my shirt . 
 i gasp and press my mouth harder to his . 
 the kiss is urgent , demanding . 
 it 's like we both know our time together is limited and everything is going to change . 
 i ca n't stop and i do n't want to . 
 heat seers under my skin as trystan 's hands slip over me . 
 his tongue licks the seam of my lips , teasing me . 
 my heart beats harder , and drowns out every other sound . 
 when i open my mouth and let him , i feel my body going limp in his arms . 
 trystan holds me to his chest and kisses me harder , deeper . 
 his tongue moves in my mouth and i 'm floating and falling at the same time . 
 i do n't come up for air . 
 i 'm afraid he 'll stop . 
 i 'm afraid of what will happen next . 
 i 'm afraid ... trystan barely breathes as the kiss endures . 
 it 's seeking , giving , and hoping . 
 it 's everything that i though a kiss should be , but he pulls away too soon . 
 trystan 's face is flushed . 
 heat fills his cheeks and he breathes like he 's run too far , too fast . 
 his fingers brush my cheek and rest on my shoulder . 
 `` i love you , mari . '' 
 his sapphire gaze locks with mine . 
 we hold each other . 
 we say nothing . 
 the moment remains perfect , as if it 's suspended in time . 
 we cling to each other , hoping to god that there 's more for us , that there 's a way i can hold onto him . 
 but , trystan is like a snowflake . 
 i 'm afraid that if i try to close my hand around him , he 'll disappear from my life . 
 trystan ca n't accept who he is , that it stems from where he came from . 
 he wo n't forgive himself for this . 
 somehow i know it , but i ca n't let it go . 
 i ca n't let him go . 
 i love him with every ounce of my being , and i know that i always will . 
 chapter 6 ~ trystan ~ mari is amazing . 
 it does n't matter what 's wrong , she brings trystan back to life . 
 he moves through the school and goes to his classes like it 's any other day . 
 trystan smiles and jokes , but it 's different now . 
 that hollow feeling inside his chest has someone to fill it . 
 mari knows him like no one else . 
 she understands him . 
 trystan wishes so badly that mari did n't , but at the same time , he 's glad she does . 
 it 's one of those things that he ca n't explain . 
 and right now he feels caught . 
 trystan can go on without her , but he does n't want to . 
 love is n't like that , is it ? 
 is it selfish ? 
 he did n't think so , and keeping mari in his life is selfish . 
 things will only get worse . 
 trystan is falling down a pit , head first . 
 he knows he 's mid free-fall , and that he took mari with him . 
 the crap with his father is n't over . 
 add to the fact that he 's homeless and his life is just getting worse . 
 but ... but if he leaves mari alone , her father will crush her . 
 the light in her eyes will disappear . 
 she 'll give in and be what he wants , which is that demur version of mari . 
 trystan brings out the other side of her , the real mari . 
 the one that is all vibrant and fantastic . 
 the side she hides from the world . 
 trystan glances across the stage . 
 mari is in the wing . 
 the stage lights cast a golden glow on her skin as she waits for her cue . 
 her long hair is soft and totally touchable . 
 when mari woke him this morning , trystan thought he was dreaming . 
 any touch from her sends him reeling . 
 it 's like she 's his angel , his second chance , but somehow that is n't what 's happened . 
 instead of pulling him up , he 's sucking her down . 
 trystan swallows hard . 
 the thoughts pummel his mind in a relentless wave . 
 he 'd give anything for her - do anything to make her happy . 
 after last night - his thoughts are cut off when mari senses his gaze and looks up at him . 
 she smiles . 
 that soft , shy smile drives him crazy . 
 he winks at her , knowing that it 'll conceal his thoughts . 
 mari has a way of reading him that scares him to death . 
 one glance at his eyes and she knows exactly what he 's thinking . 
 hiding things from her is difficult . 
 trystan honed in on things that set her off balance a while ago and uses them judiciously to set her off kilter when she gets too close . 
 damn it . 
 he really needs to make up his mind and pull her in or push her away . 
 you do n't deserve her , a small voice reminds him . 
 it 's the same voice that said do n't fight back . 
 trystan does n't know what that is anymore . 
 last night , when the voice said to be still , he nearly died because of it . 
 maybe he 's been listening to the wrong voice all this time ? 
 maybe he should have fought back before now . 
 he does n't know and dwelling on it wo n't change anything . 
 trystan takes his cue and enters the stage , while banishing the whole mess from his mind . 
 he says his lines perfectly and it 's all mari 's doing . 
 when he enters the stage to act opposite her , trystan ca n't help beaming . 
 his smile is at full wattage . 
 the acting is a reprieve , a chance to pretend that his horrid life does n't exist . 
 it 's a chance to escape , and escaping it with mari makes his time on stage even better . 
 they act - they fight , they banter , they kiss - it 's as if this is a dream . 
 if only life were this simple . 
 if only saying a few well-chosen words could really fix his mistakes . 
 trystan grins and pulls mari close . 
 she has that shy thing going on . 
 it drives him crazy . 
 the stage lights make her more radiant than she already is . 
 trystan ca n't think about anything but kissing her when her eyes lower like that , and she looks up at him from under her lashes . 
 mari says her lines , but it feels real . 
 for half a second , trystan is lost in the scene . 
 he 's not himself . 
 his past is gone , his pain is gone . 
 mari holds his heart and there is nothing else . 
 they 're in their own world and there is nothing weighing them down , no one to hold them back or break them apart . 
 mari looks at his eyes and he 's lost in her gaze . 
 there 's no place better than this . 
 it feels real . 
 it feels like this could be his life , like he could have mari and make her happy . 
 for a second , hope floats into his chest and it feels so real that he can taste it . 
 then , the lights fade into blackness . 
 the moment fractures as the curtain swings halfway closed and abruptly stops . 
 mari is breathing hard . 
 she steps away from him . 
 their relationship is still a secret . 
 she glances at him out of the corner of her eye and smirks before exiting the stage . 
 trystan watches her walk around to the back of the theater and out the door . 
 his eyes trail her slender frame too long . 
 seth is sitting in the empty auditorium with a few other people . 
 they mill around while we try to run through the entire play from start to finish , with lighting , and sound . 
 the mic guy is doing well . 
 there are hardly any issues with him , but the lighting guy is having problems with the spots . 
 working with the lights on is awesome , but they 're really warm . 
 trystan is glad they shut them off when he walks toward the front of the stage . 
 he lowers himself and swings his legs off the edge and sits , looking out at vacant chairs . 
 trystan pushes his hair out of his eyes . 
 tucker and the lighting crew are yelling back and forth . 
 the guy in the lighting cage curses and the lights dim . 
 then , the remaining stage lights turn off completely . 
 tucker is yelling at them to switch to the spot , but they turn on a set of lights behind him . 
 trystan looks back behind him at the golden light , blocking his eyes with his arm , wondering how many more times they 'll need to run through it tonight before everyone leaves . 
 trystan wonders how long he can hide out in the basement without going home , how long it will be until he 's caught . 
 chapter 7 ~ mari ~ i love this . 
 it 's a rush , so much more than i thought it would be . 
 standing on stage , feeling the lights on my skin . 
 there 's no way to describe it . 
 add to the fact that i 'm trystan 's co-star and it feels like a dream . 
 everything about him is contagious . 
 he 's dazzling on stage . 
 he connects with me , calls to me , like we 're two ends of the same string . 
 i feel him tugging by just listening to his voice . 
 it 's magic and it 's all trystan . 
 i want to run and throw my arms around his neck when we take a break . 
 i want to have that comfortable feeling of being close to him , but i ca n't . 
 it 's easier this way , i keep telling myself . 
 katie will have a stroke and i really do n't need more crap from seth or brie right now . 
 it 's better that no one knows . 
 i smirk at trystan . 
 he returns the look with his blue eyes sparkling , before i run down the staircase on the side of the stage and up an aisle . 
 i need a drink . 
 i do n't know how trystan does it , especially since i know his throat is still sore from last night , but he 's talking like nothing ever happened . 
 it makes me wonder how many times he came in to school broken and battered and i did n't notice . 
 that smile of his hides so much pain . 
 blinking hard , i push through the doors and smack into brie . 
 she 's instantly irritated . 
 `` watch where you 're going , heifer . '' 
 brie shakes her head and her golden hair settles onto her shoulders before she shoves past me and into the auditorium . 
 i glance after her , wondering what she 's doing here . 
 i decide not to overreact . 
 she 's not a threat . 
 her part was given to me . 
 it 's not like tucker will just hand it back . 
 i turn and walk the few paces to the water fountain and drink . 
 the water cools my throat . 
 when i walk back into the theater , i stand at the back half-wall , draping my arms on it . 
 it 's right when you walk in and separates the seats from the back aisle and the doors . 
 brie is a couple rows in front of me . 
 she 's slouched in a seat , but when they mess up the lights and blind everyone , trystan turns around . 
 for a moment , there 's a halo of golden light around him . 
 i smile . 
 he looks like his video . 
 my eyes drift to brie . 
 i wonder if she notices . 
 if she does , she does n't say anything . 
 a moment later seth settles on the wall next to me . 
 his voice is low , his lips barely moving , `` what 's the tramp doing here ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , but i do n't like it . 
 she 's messed with trystan enough to last a lifetime . 
 i wish she 'd fall down a hole or something . '' 
 seth turns his face toward me and lifts a brow . 
 `` is that venom from little goodie two shoes ? 
 i 'm impressed . '' 
 `` it 's not unjustified . '' 
 i watch trystan dangling his legs off the side of the stage . 
 i watch brie watching him . 
 it makes me nervous . 
 he has enough pain in his life . 
 he does n't need anything else to go wrong . 
 `` she 's got trystan in her crosshairs . '' 
 he nods and looks back at his friend . 
 seth 's expression softens and he sighs . 
 `` you care about him ? '' 
 `` i 'm not going to dignify that with a response , '' i say , tightly . 
 `` i 'm just saying , if you do - help me keep an eye on that one . 
 i got his back for most of the day , but when he 's in here ... '' i glance at seth . 
 he 's staring at trystan unblinking . 
 i wonder if he knows . 
 instead of asking , i lower my gaze and nod . 
 `` done . '' 
 before seth can say anything else and ruin my new , higher opinion of him , i walk back toward the stage . 
 brie stands at the same time and smiles at me . 
 it 's one of those smiles that 's good and pure , but when it 's coming from someone like her , you know it 's an evil omen . 
 i narrow my eyes into slits as i pass her . 
 she 's trying to spook me . 
 what could brie possibly do to make life worse ? 
 tucker claps his large hands and thunder booms through the empty room . 
 `` back on stage . 
 let 's repeat the end of that last scene so the lighting guys can get their glitch fixed . 
 come on ! 
 let 's go ! '' 
 he waives his arm toward the stage in a sweeping motion . 
 i climb the stairs and go back to the wing opposite trystan . 
 my stomach does a free fall when i see him . 
 in the shadows , across the stage , trystan looks up at me through his dark hair . 
 he winks and i feel the need to giggle hysterically . 
 i hear my cue and walk on stage . 
 we run the scene two more times until lights and sound are at one hundred percent . 
 tucker is pleased . 
 instead of pinching his nose , he 's smiling at us . 
 he stands at the edge of the stage . 
 `` you guys should be proud . 
 you worked hard and it 's obvious . 
 mari , thank you for stepping in at the last second . 
 you are a perfect fit for this part . 
 i hope to see you in more productions next year . '' 
 i nod and smile awkwardly . 
 everyone looks at me . 
 trystan is standing next to me and bumps my shoulder with his . 
 it attracts tucker 's attention . 
 `` and you , scott . 
 try to refrain from doing anything stupid . 
 we need you here , in one piece , tomorrow night . '' 
 he rubs his palms together . 
 `` all right ! 
 get out of here . 
 see everyone back tomorrow night at 5:00 pm . 
 do n't be late ! '' 
 trystan and i walk away from each other . 
 i glance at him over my shoulder briefly . 
 he 's laughing , talking to sophie about something . 
 god , could she flirt with him more ? 
 just as i 'm thinking it , trystan turns back and grins at me . 
 i smile , and roll my eyes . 
 after i collect my stuff from backstage , i realize that i forgot a book and head back to my locker . 
 the hallways are empty and the lights are off . 
 i 'm not supposed to be wandering the halls . 
 i stop in front of my locker and rest my head on the metal , wondering how to help trystan . 
 i wish i could snap my fingers and make everything better for both of us . 
 `` are you holding up the wall with that pretty head of yours ? '' 
 trystan says softly . 
 i turn my face and glance down the hall . 
 he 's standing with his hands in his pockets a few lockers down . 
 i sigh and straighten . 
 `` someone has to . '' 
 he walks towards me , and his smile slips off his lips . 
 trystan is serious and that makes me more nervous than anything else . 
 `` thank you . 
 for not saying anything about last night . 
 i know you 're hurt . '' 
 he 's actually talking about it . 
 when i tried to ask him this morning , he was n't ready . 
 but he is now . 
 `` i know you 're hurt . 
 i wish i knew . 
 i wish you 'd told me . '' 
 i ca n't look at him . 
 guilt is swallowing me whole . 
 i 'm the crappiest friend alive . 
 i had no idea , none at all . 
 `` there was nothing you could have done . 
 mari , this shit is normal . 
 the cops do n't even come anymore . 
 i 'm lucky they did n't toss me in jail last night . 
 i 'm eighteen . 
 that arrest would have been permanent . 
 i got lucky this time . 
 there ca n't be a next time . '' 
 he 's next to me . 
 his voice is soft , his breath is in my ear . 
 i know he wants me to turn to look at him , but i ca n't . 
 something is strangling me from the inside . 
 i want to fix this . 
 i know i can help him , at least a little bit . 
 i know he ca n't go home anymore . 
 i know he has no clothes . 
 these are things i can offer . 
 before i even realize what i 'm saying , the words are out of my mouth . 
 `` then , stay with me . 
 hide out at my house until you graduate . '' 
 i glance at him from the corner of my eye . 
 my heart is beating too hard , too fast . 
 he laughs . 
 `` your dad hates me - '' `` my dad 's never home . 
 last night after everything that happened , he did n't even call to see if i was all right . 
 he stayed and worked his entire shift . 
 the only thing he cares about is work and my mother . '' 
 trystan 's eyes search my face . 
 i turn toward him and press my back into the lockers . 
 a sad smile lines my lips . 
 glancing at his chest , i say , `` i should n't complain . 
 compared to you - '' he shakes his head . 
 dark hair falls in his eyes . 
 trystan 's hands land on my shoulders . 
 `` do n't say that . 
 compared to me , you have your own hell . 
 compared to me , you 're in just as much pain . 
 i see it , mari . 
 it 's written on your face and chiseled into your heart . '' 
 trystan 's eyes lower for a moment . 
 his hand slips across my cheek , leaving a warm trail on my cool skin . 
 `` i wish i could take it away , '' he breathes . 
 `` i wish they 'd see how wonderful and special and amazing you are . 
 i do n't know how your parents ca n't see that . 
 they must be blind . 
 `` you outshine the sun , mari . 
 and i 'm not just saying that . 
 it 's true . 
 when i look at you ... '' he breathes hard and rests his head against mine . 
 `` i see everything i ever wanted and more . '' 
 by the time he finishes , his voice is a whisper . 
 i do n't look at his eyes . 
 i 'll fall apart . 
 moving slowly , trystan brushes his lips across my cheek . 
 every part of me reacts to his touch , to him . 
 i 'm breathing too hard . 
 it 's too hot . 
 trystan pulls back . 
 there 's a breath between us and no more . 
 my heart hammers inside of me . 
 we 're like two magnets , slightly separated , pulling toward each other . 
 when i lift my gaze to meet his , i melt . 
 my lips part and i breathe . 
 trystan lowers his lashes and watches my mouth . 
 i 'm falling . 
 i 'm lost in his gaze . 
 trystan is about to kiss me when a jarring voice slams through the hall . 
 `` oh , no . 
 not this shit again . 
 scott , you said you were over this . '' 
 seth walks toward us . 
 his boots echo up and down the hall . 
 he 's as graceful as a gorilla with concrete sneakers . 
 trystan gives me a look that says he 's sorry and a million other things . 
 before seth gets closer , he leans in and whispers in my ear , `` i 'll come . 
 after seven ? '' 
 i nod . 
 trystan 's eyes meet mine and the only thing i want is his arms around me . 
 he winks at me and turns away . 
 trystan is all swagger and charm . 
 he struts away saying , `` you know how much i like to tease her . '' 
 he looks over his shoulder at me . 
 i play back and give him a pointed expression . 
 trystan laughs and grabs seth 's shoulders , pulling him away from me . 
 `` come on . 
 let 's grab dinner . 
 i 'm starving . '' 
 seth looks at trystan and then back at me , saying , `` we had an understanding jennings and this is n't part of it . '' 
 seth gives me a hostile look and points his finger at me . 
 `` you 're back on my shit list . '' 
 `` i was never off your shit list , '' i huff and slam my locker door . 
 i walk down the hall and shove past them , adding , `` and i do n't really care if i 'm on your list or not , seth . 
 have fun making out with yourself , sexbot . '' 
 i feel their eyes on me . 
 my heart is flying , soaring so high , so fast . 
 trystan said yes . 
 he 'll stay over . 
 nothing could ruin this night . 
 nothing . 
 chapter 8 ~ trystan ~ seth does n't drop it . 
 as soon as mari disappears from sight he hisses , `` i thought you were over her ? '' 
 trystan keeps that distant look in his eye . 
 he never tells seth much of anything . 
 the guy panics . 
 he wants trystan 's life to make sense to him , but it does n't . 
 hell , it does n't even make sense to trystan . 
 how is he supposed to explain anything to the guy ? 
 `` maybe i 'm just friends with her , '' trystan says , `` and maybe i do n't want to rehash this whole thing with you tonight . 
 do me a favor , okay ? 
 if you still ca n't stand her on monday , tell me and we can discuss it then . '' 
 trystan says , pushing his hair out of his eyes . 
 `` from the way your acting , it seems like you liked brie better . '' 
 seth 's eyes get a little too big for his head . 
 `` you 're into her , too ? 
 damn man . '' 
 he grins . 
 `` you think you can get 'em both at once ? '' 
 trystan 's fingers flinch . 
 instead of slugging his friend , he smiles and nods . 
 trystan says things he does n't mean , wishing for things he does n't want . 
 mari and brie . 
 as if that was something to hope for . 
 trystan shakes off the skeeved layer sticking to his skin and changes the subject . 
 `` i heard you were talking about enlisting ? '' 
 trystan could n't believe it . 
 when they were in lab , he heard a teacher mentioning seth 's lack of teacher recommendation forms . 
 the teacher from across the hall said seth was enlisting . 
 it was weird to find out that way . 
 seth does n't look a trystan . 
 instead , he nods and says , `` yeah , i mean , it 's not like i 'm a nerd and can get into a good college . 
 besides , i have n't got cash for that kind of shit . '' 
 `` i know what you mean . '' 
 trystan and seth weave their way through the school as they talk , and then exit the front of the building . 
 the air is crisp , like it might snow . 
 there are about two hours until he has to be at mari 's house . 
 two hours to kill with seth . 
 he breathes in deeply and runs his fingers through his hair . 
 `` i was going to enlist , but i do n't know anymore ... '' seth gives him a look . 
 `` dude , you 're seriously going to let me enlist by myself ? 
 why do you think i went to the recruiter ? '' 
 trystan gives his friend an awkward smile , `` thanks , but there is no way you should enlist to hang out with me . 
 i 'm headed nowhere too fast . '' 
 seth laughs , `` well , it 's better to have company along the way . 
 i mean , who else is going to be your wing man when they send you to china or some shit ? '' 
 `` i do n't think we have troops in china . '' 
 trystan glances at seth and tries not to smile . 
 the guy is about to sign on the dotted line and has no idea about anything , which sounds about right for seth . 
 `` besides , i might not enlist anyway . 
 i 've been thinking about doing something else . '' 
 `` like ... ? '' 
 seth asks , knowing as well as trystan does that there are n't many options . 
 neither of them is exceptionally anything . 
 trystan shrugs . 
 `` the hell if i know . 
 i 'm just saying , do n't enlist because of me . 
 there 's a chance i 'm not going to do it . '' 
 seth is staring at a car full of girls in track uniforms . 
 seth and the girls are hollering at each other . 
 the man is n't even listening anymore . 
 the girls pull over to the side of the road . 
 `` hey hotties ! 
 want a ride ? '' 
 one girl asks and they all start giggling . 
 seth 's eyes go wide , like he 's being called to the mother-ship . 
 trystan grabs seth 's arm and waves them off , `` not tonight , ladies . '' 
 the car full of girls takes off , leaving behind streamers of white smoke and giggles . 
 `` what the hell was that for ? 
 what 'd i ever do to you ? '' 
 seth whines . 
 `` i want to eat dinner . 
 plus i got ta be somewhere in an hour , so get your ass moving or i 'll have to eat without you . '' 
 trystan starts walking again . 
 seth waits a beat , and then follows . 
 trystan has eight bucks in his pocket . 
 it 's the last of his money from sam . 
 he 'll have to go bust his ass after school next week and earn more . 
 `` you have something set up ? '' 
 seth asks , his voice filled with innuendo . 
 trystan shoves his hands in his pockets and stares straight ahead , wishing the diner would materialize and suck them through the front doors so he would n't have to take part in this conversation . 
 `` something . '' 
 `` way to be vague , scott . 
 come on , man , who 's the lucky girl ? 
 you think she 'll put out ? '' 
 trystan smirks and laughs . 
 that 's the last thing that he expects to happen . 
 the night will probably be filled with mari 's voice and lips , and maybe if he 's lucky , her dad wo n't come home early and beat the shit out of him . 
 repeating last night is the last thing he wants to do . 
 but still , it 's worth the risk . 
 deciding to go to mari 's is one of the stupider things he 's done . 
 `` come on , trystan . 
 give names , man . 
 who are you gon na nail ? '' 
 seth yips like a dog , begging for scraps . 
 he 's relentless and does n't stop until they walk into the diner . 
 he scans the booths for girls they know . 
 `` nicole 's over there . '' 
 seth says , hopeful . 
 `` so go sit with her if you want . 
 i 'll be over here . '' 
 trystan points , and follows the waitress . 
 seth seems to be stuck . 
 you could see the guy getting pulled in two directions . 
 seth finally follows trystan to the booth and sits down . 
 he grabs a menu and then something weird happens . 
 the girl sitting across from them says , `` if it 's not my two favorite idiots . '' 
 katie sweeps her long hair over her shoulder , tosses a tip on the table and walks over . 
 `` how 's it hanging , trystan ? '' 
 she places her fingers on their table and cocks her head to the side . 
 `` cuz if you mess with my girl mari , i 'm gon na make you wish - '' `` mari 's at home , and i did n't do anything to her . '' 
 trystan says , tightly . 
 he wonders what katie knows , if anything . 
 she 's mari 's best friend . 
 they 're always together . 
 seth is watching katie a little too closely . 
 `` hey kitten , you want me to make you purr ? '' 
 seth grins at her and sweeps his eyes over her body , lingering way too long on her br ** sts . 
 katie 's mouth falls open . 
 when she snaps back to life , katie swings her purse and pegs seth in the side of the head . 
 he makes a noise like a pig bouncing out of the back of a pickup truck , and then clutches his head between his hands . 
 `` what . 
 the . 
 fuck . '' 
 he glares at katie . 
 katie 's pissed . 
 her jaw is locked and when she talks , she sounds like she 'll rip his face off . 
 `` do n't talk to me , seth . 
 so help me god - '' katie is interrupted by the waiter . 
 `` is there a problem over here ? '' 
 the waiter asks , looking at each of them in turn . 
 trystan beams and shakes his head . 
 `` nope . 
 we 're ready to order though . '' 
 he goes ahead , ordering three plates of food , fries , and shakes . 
 when the waiter leaves , trystan points at katie and then the booth . 
 `` sit down , katie scarlett , '' he says with a thick irish brogue . 
 she lifts a dark brow at him . 
 the girl could eat them alive . 
 she 'd spit out their bones and ask for seconds . 
 there 's a fierce thing going on with her , that 's for certain . 
 `` you think i 'm that vapid skank from gone with the wind ? 
 seriously ? '' 
 `` no , '' trystan replies with a smirk on his face . 
 `` i just thought you liked big hats . 
 besides , that 's the only famous katie i know . '' 
 seth offers , `` katie couric . '' 
 trystan inclines his head toward katie . 
 they lock gazes . 
 katie 's expression is telling trystan to piss off , but that look tells him that he 's right . 
 she 'd happily slaughter them both with her purse . 
 seth got off easy . 
 god help the poor bastard who dates this girl . 
 `` katie couric does n't have the same spunk as katie scarlett . '' 
 `` who the f ** k is katie scarlett ? '' 
 seth blurts out way too loud . 
 that pretty much sums up dinner . 
 seth and katie bicker for an hour and trystan tries to derail everything by throwing them off their game . 
 it works , but not for long . 
 it 's as though they like fighting with each other . 
 eventually , he just sits back and watches and develops a deep respect for katie in the process . 
 chapter 9 ~ mari ~ when i get home , i 'm blindsided . 
 i walk through the door and drop my book bag on the floor . 
 i expect to be alone . 
 my parents go out to dinner together on thursday nights , but tonight they did n't go . 
 tonight they 're home , waiting for me . 
 `` mari dear , pick up your school bag and put it away . '' 
 mom 's voice meets me before i find her in the kitchen . 
 i do n't double back for my books . 
 `` what 's wrong ? 
 why are you still here ? '' 
 i glance around , looking for daddy , but i do n't see him . 
 mother replies , `` there was an important development with the lawsuit . 
 that girl you punched in the face came by looking for you . 
 your father sent her away , but her parents called later . '' 
 she moves through the kitchen getting a lunch bag ready . 
 she puts in a sandwich and pours the coffee into a travel mug . 
 she glances at me . 
 `` we worked everything out . 
 if you apologize , they 'll drop the suit . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i squeak . 
 my hackles rise . 
 i ca n't stand it . 
 i ca n't believe she even said it . 
 `` you want me to apologize to her ? 
 you realize that this is the same person who bullied me every day for the past three years ? 
 this is the same person who - '' mother gives me a look that makes me stop talking . 
 it does n't matter what i say . 
 the decision was made without me . 
 i press my eyes closed and sigh way too loud . 
 i want to scream at her . 
 i want her to act like she loves me and not like a goddamn robot all the time . 
 she tries so hard to make my dad happy , like he 's the only thing that matters . 
 why 'd they even have me ? 
 i do n't understand . 
 i doubt i ever will . 
 mother 's voice carries a warning when she speaks . 
 `` go upstairs and apologize . 
 she 's been waiting for you . '' 
 my eyes go so wide that they nearly fall out of my head and roll across the floor . 
 `` what ? 
 what did you say ? '' 
 `` she 's in your room , mari . 
 you 've kept her waiting long enough already . 
 go apologize and you better be nice . 
 if this blows up , your father wo n't like it . '' 
 she glares at me and wipes down the counter . 
 i stare at her . 
 it 's the only thing i can do . 
 screaming at mother does n't help . 
 it 's like she 's a hollowed out shell . 
 it does n't matter how loudly i speak , she wo n't hear me . 
 mom would let me sign away my own life if it made my dad happy . 
 gritting my teeth , i say , `` fine . '' 
 i sprint-walk toward my room and fly up the stairs . 
 when i pull the door open , brie is standing in front of my desk . 
 she was obviously looking through things . 
 `` hey , virgin , '' she beams and waves the tips of her fingers at me . 
 `` my daddy said you owe me an apology . 
 so let 's have it . '' 
 she folds her narrow arms over her ample chest and tilts her head to the side , obviously pleased . 
 i want to pull her hair out . 
 i want brie to go away and leave me alone . 
 i knew she was gunning for me and this is lightweight for brie . 
 i suppose i should be happy , but i still want to shove her down a well . 
 i manage a fake smile , and say in my nice voice , `` i 'm so sorry i hurt you , brie . '' 
 there 's something about the look in brie 's eye that tells me that she already got what she came here for . 
 my stomach falls into my shoes when she walks past me , her heels clicking on the floor . 
 leaning closer , she whispers , `` this is n't over , mary . 
 i do n't need my daddy to fight my battles for me . 
 watch your back . '' 
 she smiles at me like she could n't be more pleased . 
 my heart pounds harder . 
 my fingers ball into fists at my sides . 
 i 'm so close to snapping . 
 i do n't care if my dad gets sued . 
 it 'd be worth it . 
 but something holds me back . 
 i do n't clothesline her and shove her down the stairs . 
 brie leaves my room . 
 i do n't follow her out . 
 instead , i sit down hard on my bed and hold my head between my hands . 
 how could they ? 
 betrayal snakes up my throat and tastes vile . 
 mother 's voice carries up to my room . 
 the door is open . 
 i hear her thank brie for her kind , forgiving , spirit and wish her a good evening . 
 then , mother walks up the stairs . 
 i hear her familiar footfalls and i wish so badly that she tried to help me , just once . 
 i need her . 
 i want her , but she 's never there . 
 `` now , that was n't so hard was it ? '' 
 she 's standing in my doorway with her jacket on over her scrubs . 
 `` how would you know ? 
 you are n't the one who stood up for yourself and then had to apologize to the asshat that was harassing you . 
 was that you ? 
 because i thought that was me ? '' 
 `` do n't be so dramatic , mari . 
 this will end well , and before it would n't have . 
 be thankful that she was so forgiving . '' 
 mom walks into the room , and fluffs a pillow on the bed next to me . 
 she does n't sit by me , she does n't offer any support whatsoever . 
 tears are in my eyes . 
 i shake my head and look up at her . 
 `` yes , i 'll remember how forgiving she is next time she hurts me . 
 i 'll remember how my mother liked brie better than me , and i 'll thank brie for kicking my ass and invite her to tea ! '' 
 i lose it . 
 i 'm standing , screaming in her face . 
 i ca n't help it . 
 instead of fighting back , my mother rolls her eyes and turns to leave . 
 `` honestly , mari . 
 you 're almost an adult . 
 such juvenile behavior is unbecoming . '' 
 she glances over my outfit , over the cami with no flannel , and scrunches up her nose . 
 `` and you are not to dress like this again . 
 you look like a streetwalker in that shirt . 
 the boys will think you 're giving it away and then what will you do ? 
 you ca n't punch every person who offends you , dear . '' 
 she looks back at me and smiles , like one of those tv moms that always knows best - the one with an apron and a pie in her hand - the one who is there when her children come home - the one who is there when they cry . 
 my mom thinks she is that mother , and that all my cries for help are silly attempts to get her attention . 
 it makes me crazy . 
 `` good night , mother , '' i say through gritted teeth . 
 too many thoughts race through my head . 
 they are things i should never say , things i should never feel . 
 mom leaves and i close the door behind her . 
 turning i press my back against the door and slide down to the floor . 
 my hair sticks to the tears that refuse to stay in my eyes and fall down my cheeks . 
 i push my tangled mess back and slide my palms over my eyes . 
 when i look up , my gaze lands on the wall with the bulletin board . 
 i stare for a moment . 
 something 's different , but i do n't know what . 
 chapter 10 ~ tyrstan ~ ditching seth is easier said than done . 
 the guy does n't want to part ways until he knows where trystan is going . 
 he wants specifics . 
 trystan wo n't give any . 
 seth finally caves in and follows some girls out of the diner , which pisses katie off to no end . 
 she abruptly leaves and says a few choice words to seth . 
 that breaks up their little party and trystan is free of them . 
 it 's dark and chilly out again , like it might snow , which is bad since trystan is homeless . 
 he takes his time walking along the streets , weaving his way past the pristine homes as he heads toward mari 's house . 
 when he arrives , he sees a light in kitchen . 
 a woman stands at the window . 
 she 's tall and slender with mari 's dark hair . 
 that must be her mother . 
 trystan glances at his watch . 
 it 's past 7:00 pm . 
 he waits and the woman finally shuts off the lights and leaves . 
 when her car travels down the street , trystan pulls out the cell that mari gave him . 
 he keeps walking , not wanting to linger in front of her house . 
 he walks down to the end of the block and turns the corner , planning on coming up to the house from behind , like last time . 
 he texts mari : can i come up ? 
 a few seconds pass and then : yes . 
 i 'll b down in a sec trystan turns at the corner and heads back in the direction of mari 's house . 
 he cuts through the backyard directly behind her house and squeezes through the gap in the fences . 
 soon he 's standing on her back patio . 
 mari is in the open door , looking down at him . 
 light spills around her , creating a perfect silhouette . 
 she looks so beautiful . 
 everything about mari is so far out of his reach , so why is he reaching ? 
 does it matter if she loves him ? 
 our lives are so different . 
 but they 're so similar , too . 
 wealth does n't get rid of abusive parents . 
 it just hides the damage better . 
 trystan feels a flutter in his chest , like he should n't be here - like something bad is going to happen . 
 he remains on the patio and holds mari 's gaze for too long . 
 `` are you going to come in ? '' 
 she says , smiling at him . 
 tension creases the spot in the center of her forehead like something 's wrong . 
 trystan ca n't leave her alone . 
 not now . 
 not when she needs him . 
 any second thoughts about being at mari 's vanish . 
 trystan grins at her , wanting to see her smile . 
 he wants that worry line pressed flat , erased like it was never there . 
 `` do you always invite boys into your room when your parents leave , mari jennings ? 
 i had you pegged for a good girl . 
 to think , all this time , i was totally wrong . '' 
 he teases her with each step he takes , closing the distance between them . 
 when he 's in front of the door , mari still has n't opened it . 
 she stands on the other side of the screen in a cami and a pair of jeans . 
 his eyes drift to the bare skin at her neck and arms , then back to her face . 
 `` you look beautiful tonight . '' 
 `` flattery will get you nowhere , mr. scott . '' 
 mari looks at him from under those dark lashes and smiles . 
 every inch of skin burns for her touch when she gives him that look . 
 `` i 'm not so sure about that . 
 let me in and let 's find out . '' 
 trystan grins and she breaks his gaze . 
 looking away , mari tucks a curl behind her ear and opens the door . 
 trystan brushes past her just as mari turns to the side . 
 it aligns their chests so that they barely touch as he passes . 
 the sensation shoots through him in a crippling wave that takes his breath away . 
 trystan sucks in air softly , trying to hide how much she rattles him . 
 mari turns toward him . 
 those big dark eyes are filled with remorse . 
 he can see it . 
 he can read it on her face , in her stance , and the way she holds her fingers and twists each one . 
 trystan wants to ask what happened , but he does n't want to invade her privacy . 
 it 's weird . 
 there 's a spot where he wants to be , and it is invasive . 
 that spot is smack in the center of all her most intimate thoughts and feelings - the ones that no one else knows . 
 trystan does n't speak . 
 instead , he steps toward her and pulls mari to his chest . 
 his hands find her hair and he just holds her gently . 
 mari 's hands lift and slip under trystan 's jacket . 
 she buries her face in his shoulder and stares blankly . 
 mari looks up at him with that expression on her face , and trystan feels like he 's going to shatter into too many pieces . 
 he kisses her forehead and whispers , `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 mari 's eyes fall to the floor . 
 she does n't let go of him . 
 `` my mom decided to humiliate me instead of paying a settlement to brie 's dad . 
 it 's nothing . 
 i do n't want to talk about it . '' 
 trystan splays his fingers and runs them through her hair , forcing mari to look up at him . 
 a million emotions flash across her eyes . 
 he does n't press her . 
 `` then , we wo n't . '' 
 mari smiles softly . 
 she steps away from him and walks away . 
 trystan remains frozen by the door , his eyes sweeping over her back and drinking in her curves . 
 mari glances back at him and extends her hand . 
 `` come on . 
 i have something in my room for you . '' 
 trystan smirks and takes her hand , not bothering to contain his excitement . 
 `` that is quite a line , kiss ninja . '' 
 mari laughs and bumps him with her shoulder . 
 `` i did n't mean it like that ! 
 you 're so stupid , scott . 
 i swear - '' `` nah , you like me like this . 
 admit it . '' 
 they walk up the staircase to her room side by side . 
 `` you would n't want me if i were all polite and proper . 
 for instance , telling you that i intend to kiss every inch of your bare skin later is something that i would say . 
 telling you that you 're pretty is n't something that would ever fall out of my mouth . 
 mainly because it 's such a ridiculous understatement that - '' mari releases his hand and turns suddenly , pushing him into the wall . 
 she leans into him and presses her body against his . 
 mari 's pink lips linger so close , but she does n't close the distance between them . 
 the sudden action makes his heart lurch . 
 her hand presses into his chest and remains there with her fingers splayed . 
 her breath is warm and sweet . 
 trystan wants to taste her so badly , but mari does n't kiss him . 
 her eyes only sweep over his face , and then land on his lips . 
 when she speaks , he thinks he might die and tumble down the stairs . 
 `` i admit it . 
 i like you this way . 
 i expect you to say the unexpected , to do things to knock me off balance and make me drop my guard . 
 i know you do it on purpose , but for the longest time i did n't know why . 
 now i do , and i think things are going to get very interesting between us . 
 do n't you think ? '' 
 she smiles the sexiest smile he 's ever seen and traces the tips of her finger along his jaw , barely touching his skin . 
 breathless , trystan says , `` you know me so well . '' 
 he tries hard to hide it , but he ca n't . 
 his body hums when she touches him . 
 those perfectly pink lips are so close . 
 when mari spoke , they touched his mouth with a light brush . 
 the sensation is still shooting through him . 
 it makes him want more . 
 `` so , are you planning on having your way with me on the stairs ? '' 
 mari 's face flames red . 
 she laughs . 
 `` you 're such an ass . '' 
 mari releases him and walks up a step . 
 trystan repeats her swift movement and pins her to the wall . 
 his h * ps press into hers and she gasps . 
 there 's no question about what she does to him . 
 his eyes meet hers . 
 his heart pounds harder . 
 he leans in and brushes his lips across hers so lightly . 
 it 's a ghost of a kiss , as subtle as a whisper . 
 he pulls back and mari gasps and grabs her heart . 
 the smirk on trystan 's face says he 's playing , toying with her , but he 's not . 
 he 'd kiss her like that all night , if he could . 
 mari 's knees are shaky after that . 
 she tries to push off the wall and stand , but one leg does n't cooperate and she falls into him . 
 trystan holds her arm and grins . 
 `` took your breath away , did i ? '' 
 `` you 're evil , '' she says , smiling , still breathless . 
 `` we seriously need to get you a long black cloak and a helmet . '' 
 `` we could , but i think that 'd just turn you on . '' 
 trystan laughs as they walk up the stairs together and reach the upper landing . 
 he follows mari into her room . 
 on her bed are some towels and a pair of jeans and a shirt , folded and stacked into a neat pile . 
 the smile fades from trystan 's lips . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 mari walks over to the pile and thrusts it at trystan before she turns to the little bathroom in her room . 
 `` i thought you 'd want to shower and change . '' 
 she 's opening the bathroom door and flicks on the lights . 
 `` i can reapply the make up around your neck in the morning . 
 i 'm guessing the bruise is an awesome shade of green now . 
 mine is . '' 
 she lifts the hem of her shirt . 
 the bruise on her belly is purple with green tinges around the edges . 
 she lifts her gaze and looks at him , still holding onto her shirt . 
 trystan 's mouth has gone dry . 
 he steps toward her and sets the clothes and towels down on the counter before slipping his hand around her middle . 
 `` i 'm so sorry for this . 
 so sorry . '' 
 his voice is soft , barely audible . 
 something creeps up his throat and chokes him . 
 trystan 's fingers trace the bruise slowly , gently . 
 mari takes a slow breath , but exhales jaggedly . 
 when he looks up , he sees her eyes and realizes what his touch did . 
 while he was mourning his previous actions , she was frozen by his touch . 
 mari closes her eyes and blinks slowly , like she 's trying to snap out of it . 
 but she ca n't . 
 not as long as he 's touching her like this . 
 trystan withdraws his touch and runs his hand through his hair . 
 mari 's chest swells as she breathes in . 
 it draws attention to her br ** sts . 
 it makes him wonder what it would feel like to hold them in his hands . 
 trystan tears his gaze away . 
 although mari said she changed her mind that one time , she has n't mentioned sex again . 
 trystan already decided that he wo n't pressure her . 
 he wo n't sleep with her no matter what happens tonight . 
 trystan gathers his wits and picks up the clothes and towels . 
 `` thank you for this . 
 i wo n't be long . '' 
 trystan slips past her into the bathroom and closes the door . 
 for a moment , all he does it stare at the knob . 
 he wants her so badly . 
 he ca n't stand it . 
 every thought that fills his head is more forbidden than the last . 
 the way mari pressed him into the wall before set him on fire . 
 trystan knows he needs to calm down and put some distance between them or they 'll end up tangled in her sheets faster than he can blink . 
 trystan turns on the shower , making it as cold as he can tolerate . 
 chapter 11 ~ mari ~ my heart is racing too hard . 
 i did n't think that i could feel more attracted to trystan than i already did , but when he touched me like that - oh my god . 
 it was like every inch of my body was burning . 
 i could n't stop staring at his hands , willing them to touch me . 
 i still have n't moved . 
 i 'm leaning against the wall , and finally hear the shower turn on . 
 i wonder what trystan looks like in there with the water running over his body . 
 i think about how much i 'd like to run my hands over him . 
 i do n't even realize that 's what i 'm thinking . 
 i just feel the palm of my hand grow hotter and more sensitive . 
 i think about his bare skin and the water . 
 i blink hard , trying to free the thoughts from my mind . 
 scolding myself , i push off the wall . 
 what 's the matter with me ? 
 when did i become this hornball who only thinks about sex ? 
 i pad across the room and grab a pair of sweats from my dresser . 
 i strip quickly with my back to the bathroom door in case trystan walks out . 
 the water is still running , but i 'm too nervous to think . 
 i 'm mad at myself for acting like this , for melting so fast . 
 he barely touched me and i 'm falling to pieces . 
 i tug my sweatshirt over my head and pull on a pair of fuzzy socks . 
 this is the least sexy outfit i own . 
 the sweatshirt is way too big . 
 it swims on me . 
 i yank my hair into a ponytail and jump up on the bed and flick on the tv . 
 i try to stop thinking about him , but i ca n't . 
 i watch a show without really seeing it . 
 when the water turns off , my heart beats faster . 
 i wish i were a sane person . 
 i wish for a lot of things that i ca n't have . 
 i decide that i 'm not doing anything with him tonight . 
 i want more time . 
 plus , the bruises on my stomach and the way it aches , i just would rather he saw me the way i usually am . 
 i realize what i 'm thinking and feel the heat burn across my cheeks . 
 trystan pulls open the bathroom door . 
 he 's bare-chested , wearing the new jeans around his hips , with no shoes . 
 his hair is so dark and still dripping . 
 there 's a towel in his hand . 
 trystan wraps it around his shoulders . 
 he notices my blush and says , `` i love it when you do that . '' 
 he smiles at me , winks , and then runs the towel over his head . 
 `` i hate it when i do that , which seems to be all the time . 
 it 's not becoming at all . '' 
 i realize i sound like my mother and flinch . 
 but trystan does n't care . 
 he steps toward me with that sexy smile he always wears . 
 `` it 's sexy as hell . '' 
 he tugs at the towel and adds , `` i ca n't say the same for this , and unless i wear a towel all night , you 're going to see bruises . 
 the thing is ... '' he looks down for a second . 
 when his blue eyes lift , he meets my gaze . 
 `` i do n't want you to fuss about it all night . 
 the past is the past . 
 i ca n't fix it . 
 i would , if i could . '' 
 trystan 's breathing hard , his chest is rising and falling too quickly . 
 it pains me to see him like this . 
 `` you can leave the towel on , if you want . 
 or ... '' i smile . 
 i have an idea . 
 i jump off my bed and cross the room . 
 my dresser drawer has exactly what i need . 
 without thinking twice about it , i grab a pair of scissors and slice through the bottom of my sweatshirt . 
 trystan looks at me like i 'm crazy . 
 he flinches , his hands lifting until he realizes what i 'm doing . 
 i cut off the front bottom half of the shirt . 
 it reveals my rainbow bruises as if they were framed . 
 the scrap of fabric falls to the floor . 
 i put the sheers down and turn back to him . 
 `` better ? '' 
 trystan grins . 
 it makes those beautiful eyes sparkle like the sea in the afternoon sun . 
 `` is there any other circumstance where you 'd cut your clothes off like that ? 
 no ? 
 are you sure . '' 
 he looks at the floor and then back up at my face . 
 he finally answers , `` yes , it 's better . '' 
 i nod toward his towel . 
 `` good , then drop it . '' 
 trystan glances at me from the corner of his eye . 
 he pulls the towel away . 
 the angry marks around his neck look worse than last night . 
 i try not to react . 
 i lift my eyes to his . 
 i step across the room and slip my arms around his waist . 
 trystan 's eyes lock on mine , but there 's something there , like he has to protect himself from me . 
 my fingers trace the warm , smooth skin at his waist . 
 i say softly , `` we 're the same . 
 you know that , right ? '' 
 trystan 's gaze remains locked with mine . 
 he inhales sharply as my fingers move around to his back . 
 there 's a small space between us , both physical and mental . 
 `` mari , do n't ... '' it 's all he can manage . 
 his jaw is tight , locked shut . 
 the muscles in his neck are corded like he can barely swallow . 
 i want him to relax , to feel safe for once . 
 my godforsaken parents wo n't show up until dawn . 
 there 's no one to hurt him here . 
 i have a sinking feeling in my stomach . 
 maybe he thinks that i 'll hurt him . 
 my eyes lower . 
 my gaze traces the curves of the muscles on his chest , but i 'm not brave enough to lift my hand . 
 my heart beats harder . 
 i want him to understand . 
 i feel the pull to him , like we 're two sides of the same coin . 
 the fact that i 'm shiny and he 's not does n't matter . 
 we 're connected . 
 we 're the same . 
 i do n't look into his eyes again . 
 i know what i want to do . 
 tugging his arm , i pull him toward my bed . 
 i flick out the lights as i pass them . 
 we 're encased in darkness . 
 trystan does n't move easily . 
 it 's like he 's holding back . 
 i finally say , `` i just want to hold you . 
 i want to sleep with your arms around me . 
 no sex . '' 
 trystan 's voice catches when he speaks , `` mari , i do n't know . 
 i do n't want to do anything you 'll regret - '' `` i wo n't regret this . 
 i 'll never regret this . '' 
 i slip back on my bed , but he wo n't sit . 
 his eyes pierce through me like a sword . 
 `` you said this was something that was reserved for marriage . '' 
 he 's still looking at me . 
 i smile softly . 
 it turns out that all those times i scolded him for taking sex so lightly , he was listening . 
 i almost wish he was n't . 
 he runs his hands through his hair and looks at me . 
 `` i do n't think this is a good idea . 
 i do n't want you to resent me . 
 these are n't whims with you . 
 it 's part of who you are . 
 i ca n't do this to you . '' 
 i 'm kneeling on the bed , looking at him . 
 my eyes sweep over his face . 
 he means well . 
 trystan wants to protect me . 
 i understand , and i know he wo n't change his mind . 
 `` you 're too good for me . '' 
 he laughs . 
 it sounds so haunted and bitter that it kills me . 
 `` i doubt it . 
 i heard i 'm made of snails and puppy dog tails . '' 
 trystan grins at me and winks , quickly covering the emotions that played across his face seconds ago . 
 i lay back in my bed and he pulls up my blankets and tucks me in . 
 then , he settles on my floor at the foot of my bed . 
 the clock ticks off the minutes , but i ca n't sleep . 
 my eyes are wide open . 
 after what feels like forever , i say , `` trystan ? '' 
 `` mmm ? '' 
 my throat is tight . 
 `` how do you manage everything ? 
 i mean , no one has any idea and you never give the slightest indication that anything is wrong . 
 `` some days i feel like i 'm going to fall apart . 
 you never seem weak like that . 
 how do you do it ? 
 how do you brush off the fact that the people who are supposed to love you the most , do n't love you at all ? '' 
 my lip is quivering . 
 although i 've thought it , i never had the guts to say it before . 
 `` i know they do n't love me . 
 i know they resent me , but i still ca n't accept it . 
 i keep hoping that one day they 'll really see me and love me for who i am , but that day never comes . '' 
 by the time i finish talking , i 'm whispering . 
 i do n't want to admit the words to anyone , but i do . 
 as i speak , the words crush me . 
 the bitter truth is that i feel guilty that my parents do n't love me . 
 i feel like it 's my fault . 
 for a long time , i thought that if i was better or smarter - i thought that i could earn their love - but it did n't happen . 
 nothing changed . 
 i stare at my ceiling without blinking . 
 thoughts stream from my head like rainwater down a gutter . 
 trystan sits up . 
 he 's at the foot of my bed on the floor , looking up at me . 
 his hair dried into that messy look he always wears . 
 pulling his knees into his chest , trystan leans back against the side of my bed . 
 `` i think that 's the key - admitting that the day will never come . 
 it 's the hardest part it . 
 hope just rips your heart apart with shit like this . 
 `` there is no hope . 
 there is no peace . 
 accepting it makes it easier to wade through the day to day stuff . 
 but , i 've done a crappy job at hiding it lately . 
 my old man locked me in my room the other day after tossing all my things . 
 he does stuff like that from time to time . 
 it 's supposed to remind me of my place . 
 he says that over and over again , like it 's a lesson that i need to learn . 
 i know my f ** king place . '' 
 trystan takes a deep breath and runs both hands over the back of his neck , stretching as he does it . 
 `` tucker figured it out . 
 for the past few weeks he 's been hinting , telling me it 's okay to talk to him , but they do n't get it . 
 dragging it out for everyone to see will just make it worse . 
 and i 've got no right , but it makes me mad . 
 where was tucker ten years ago ? 
 where was he five years ago ? 
 it would have made a difference then . 
 it wo n't do a goddamn thing now . '' 
 trystan startles and looks over his shoulder . 
 his eyes meet mine . 
 he smiles , sheepishly . 
 `` i did n't mean to say all that . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` it needed to be said . '' 
 `` how do you do that ? '' 
 he stands and sits on the end of my bed . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 `` how do you make me feel like this ? 
 i can be talking about the most horrible thing that ever happened to me , but with you here , the pain lessens . 
 i feel like i 'll get through it and everything might be all right after all . '' 
 i smile at him . 
 i do n't know what else to do . 
 i 'm lying back on my pillow . 
 i cross my ankles under the blankets and tuck my hands behind my head . 
 `` that 's what you do for me . 
 maybe it 's magic . 
 maybe you 're my yang . '' 
 `` yang ? '' 
 he gives me a weird look . 
 `` yeah , like on a yin yang . 
 we reflect each other , despite everything . '' 
 i watch him for a moment . 
 his eyes are on mine . 
 i pat the bed next to me and trystan finally gives in . 
 he crawls toward me and lays his head on my pillow . 
 i turn on my side to look at him . 
 trystan kisses my lips lightly and sighs . 
 a smile pulls at the corners of his mouth . 
 `` good night , beautiful girl . '' 
 chapter 12 ~ trystan ~ a car door slams and jerks trystan awake . 
 early morning sunlight pours through mari 's windows . 
 trystan sits up and looks down at mari , still asleep . 
 that noise woke him up , made him jump . 
 call it conditioning from his father , but if trystan did n't jump up and grab his things that second , he would be thrown out the window . 
 trystan peeks out the bedroom door and sees mari 's dad . 
 he 's still wearing scrubs and is setting his things down on table in the hallway below . 
 panicked , trystan does n't know what to do . 
 he ca n't sneak out . 
 her dad is blocking the way . 
 trystan goes back to mari and wakes her gently , kissing her cheek . 
 she smiles and stretches . 
 `` trystan . '' 
 the way she says his name makes him reel , but he ca n't afford to think like that . 
 not now . 
 if mari 's dad catches him , he 's dead . 
 whispering next her ear , he says , `` your dad is downstairs . 
 i need to hide . '' 
 before trystan has a chance to say anything else , the sound of footfalls reaches their ears . 
 mari sits straight up in bed , her brown eyes wide like dinner plates . 
 she points to the closet . 
 trystan takes his things and ducks inside and closes the door just before mari 's dad enters the room . 
 he bangs on the door and shouts , `` wake up , mari . 
 you 're going to be late . '' 
 he flicks on the lights and it fills the crack under the closet door . 
 trystan can hear him enter the room . 
 his heart beats harder , faster . 
 he pulls on his shoes and shirt without making a sound . 
 trystan feels like a coward hiding . 
 he should run out and stand up to the man , but he ca n't . 
 he ca n't even take care of himself . 
 and getting found out wo n't help either of them . 
 `` mother said you apologized to brie last night . 
 i was glad to hear it . 
 no more of this , mari . 
 now get dressed for school . 
 and mind your mother . 
 she said no more tight clothes . 
 do as she asks . 
 i do n't want to hear about my daughter looking like a street-walker ever again . '' 
 the door clicks shut and he 's gone . 
 trystan cracks the closet door open and looks at mari . 
 the life has been sucked out of her . 
 her shoulders are slumped and her skin is sallow . 
 the color in her cheeks is gone . 
 there 's no light in her eyes . 
 he knows that look and wishes to god that he could take it away , but he ca n't . 
 even if they were older , trystan does n't have the money to save her from that man . 
 her dad crushed her just now and there was nothing he could do about it . 
 mari glances up at him . 
 she blinks slowly and smiles , but it does n't reach her eyes . 
 `` you better go before mom comes home and decides to go through my closet . 
 you can climb down the trellis like you wanted to the other day . 
 dad is headed for the shower . 
 wait a second for the water to turn on and then go . 
 i 'll meet you in the basement at the school and fix up your neck . '' 
 trystan does n't know why he does it , but he does . 
 he ca n't stand that flat listless voice . 
 he ca n't bear to watch mari like this . 
 he crosses to her bed and pushes her back into her pillows while pressing his lips to hers . 
 they both have morning breath , but he does n't care . 
 trystan loves her . 
 he wants her to be happy . 
 he wants that smile on her face again . 
 trystan tangles his hands in her hair and lays on top of her , kissing her so hard that he ca n't breathe . 
 when he pulls back , she 's smiling shyly . 
 it 's a perfectly mari smile . 
 `` i love you , '' he whispers and bounces off her bed and heads to the window . 
 mari touches her fingers to her lips like she 's dreaming . 
 trystan sneaks out before anything else can go wrong . 
 chapter 13 ~ mari ~ when i 'm done pulling on my jeans and tee shirt , i bend over to find my boots . 
 i kicked them under my desk the other night . 
 when i pull them out , i see a piece of paper caught between the desk and the wall . 
 i reach for it , instantly knowing what it is - trystan 's song . 
 how 'd it get on the floor ? 
 i go to pin it back in place , but decide that it should n't be where anyone could get it . 
 if my parents took the song or brie managed to get her hands on it , that 'd be bad . 
 so i take it with me , stuffing it into my jeans pocket . 
 i get to school early and head to find trystan . 
 the halls are empty . 
 i pull open the basement door and run down the stairs . 
 after that kiss this morning , i have a kiss of my own to give him . 
 but when i reach the bottom of the landing , i freeze . 
 he 's singing softly . 
 his back is turned to me , like he does n't know i 'm there . 
 after a moment , he glances back at me and startles . 
 `` hey , ninja . 
 fancy meeting you here . '' 
 trystan 's eyes sweep over me in a way that makes me feel beautiful . 
 `` i heard there was a rock star living in the school basement . 
 i had to see it for myself . '' 
 i smile at him and drop my bag on the couch . 
 walking over to him slowly , i swing my leg over his lap and sit . 
 we nearly fall off the little stool . 
 he laughs and holds onto me with the guitar between us . 
 `` this was more romantic in my head . '' 
 he grins . 
 hard . 
 `` kiss me , mari . '' 
 the way he says it makes my heart jump . 
 my stomach twists and that empty space inside my chest fills with warmth . 
 i 'm beaming at him , moving in slowly , crushing the guitar between us . 
 my lips brush against his and then he 's kissing me back . 
 trystan 's hands find my face and he holds onto me , encouraging me , wanting me . 
 my heart pounds harder and harder . 
 i wish there was nothing but this moment now . 
 i can understand this . 
 i can deal with this . 
 everything else can fade away and i 'd be happy . 
 when we come up for air , i slip off his lap . 
 trystan moans and puts the guitar back . 
 `` i was n't done with you . '' 
 i 'm still flushed . 
 my lips are too sensitive . 
 i can still feel his lips on my mouth . 
 i smile and shake my head . 
 i know how much it will devastate him if anyone saw the marks on his neck . 
 `` you need make-up first . 
 kisses later . '' 
 he gives me a funny look . 
 `` i never thought i 'd hear that sentence . '' 
 i laugh . 
 he tugs a loop on the waistband of my jeans and pulls me close . 
 his hands lace through my hair and he kisses me again . 
 i do n't want to pull away . 
 i moan and say , `` we 're running out of time . '' 
 he sighs and gives me a serious look . 
 `` what if we just said you gave me some really wicked hickeys ? '' 
 that makes me laugh even louder . 
 the smile that stretches across his face when i laugh is beautiful . 
 it 's trystan without anything hindering him or weighing him down . 
 i shove him back down to the stool . 
 `` sit . 
 let me do this before the bell rings . '' 
 `` fine , but you 're going to have to talk about something else . 
 a guy only has so much self-control , and your chest is right in front of my face . 
 honestly , i 'm having a lot of trouble not jumping on you and covering you in kisses . '' 
 he smirks , his eyes still way below my neckline . 
 the way he says it is so casual , like he might actually do it . 
 part of me wants him to . 
 my pulse is racing , making it so i only hear the steady , swift , beating and my breaths . 
 i reach toward him and take his chin in my hand and tilt it up to my face . 
 his blue gaze is dazzling . 
 it 's like someone 's lit a flame inside of him and it 's shining through his eyes . 
 trystan grins at me . 
 `` you are impossible . 
 you do know that , right ? '' 
 i 'm breathing too hard , flustered beyond belief . 
 trystan loves it . 
 i can see it in his eyes . 
 i dab and blend until the ugly marks around his neck are gone . 
 they fading fast , but the colors are worse . 
 now there 's an ample amount of green and yellow mixed with the blues and blacks . 
 i finish his make-up and he stands and turns toward me . 
 `` i ca n't wait for tonight , for that scene that includes kissing you senseless on stage in front of dozens of people . 
 i 'm really looking forward to it . '' 
 i ca n't help it . 
 the way he 's looking at me makes me feel giddy . 
 i slap his chest lightly . 
 trystan grabs my wrist and pulls me toward him , careful not to squeeze me too tight . 
 `` you would be - '' `` so are you . 
 i can see it in your eyes . '' 
 i tear my gaze away from him , suddenly feeling very nervous . 
 trystan takes my chin and turns me back . 
 `` no one knows , love . '' 
 he kisses my bottom lip . 
 `` they think we 're acting . '' 
 he kisses my top lip . 
 `` only we know it 's real . '' 
 chapter 14 ~ trystan ~ his heart is pounding . 
 mari is so close . 
 her lips are right there , but the bell is going to ring . 
 trystan settles for nipping her lip again . 
 mari slips off his lap and hands him another flannel . 
 `` it 'll help hide the marks if something happens to the make-up . 
 besides , i like the way you look in it . '' 
 `` in that case , '' trystan reaches for the shirt and tugs it on over his black tee shirt . 
 he leaves the front open . 
 the collar makes him feel more secure . 
 mari knew it would . 
 that 's why she brought it for him . 
 trystan wants to say something , but words escape him . 
 instead he leans his forehead against hers for a second and looks into her eyes . 
 `` you 're too good to me . '' 
 she smiles softly , shyly . 
 it 's like two people are living inside of her - one is so demur , but the other is a firework , bright and beautiful . 
 `` come on . 
 today 's going to be good . 
 i can feel it . '' 
 mari backs away and reaches out for his hand , taking it in hers . 
 they walk up the metal stair case together . 
 when they exit the auditorium , their hands separate . 
 trystan steps away a little bit , making things look like they 've always been . 
 no one suspects that he 's fallen in love with this girl . 
 no one knows they 've spent a few nights together . 
 no one knows how much he adores her , or how she makes him feel so alive that he 's humming . 
 no one knows anything and he likes it that way . 
 they head toward trystan 's locker , talking about the play later that night . 
 mari laughs at something he says and bumps him with her shoulder , taking hold of his arms and leaning into him . 
 the contact makes him feel like he can fly . 
 it jars other memories and he can almost taste her lip gloss . 
 that moment , that relaxed shared moment , is why he likes her . 
 mari never expects him to be someone else . 
 she accepts him , scars and all . 
 trystan glances at her out of the corner of his eye , wishing he could cut class and spend the day with her . 
 last night was n't enough . 
 he ca n't ever get enough of her . 
 when mari is n't there , he burns for her . 
 she 's everything to him . 
 they 're walking and talking again . 
 trystan glances at her , reaches over and brushes the back of his hand against hers . 
 she smiles up at him . 
 his heart is soaring higher and faster than he ever thought possible . 
 but when they turn the hallway that leads to trystan 's locker , everything changes . 
 that tender moment shatters . 
 it 's like trystan is shoved out a window and is falling too fast to stop . 
 there are tons of people at the other end of the hall . 
 trystan scans the crowd and sees brie , seth , and too many people to name . 
 there 's a woman dressed in a suit with a microphone . 
 a man with a large camera on his shoulder stands with her . 
 tucker is standing to the side of the crowd , along with other faculty members . 
 everyone is buzzing like a happy mob . 
 trystan 's heart slams into his chest , thumping harder and faster . 
 his breathing becomes jagged as his body tenses . 
 they know . 
 it 's at that moment that brie sees him . 
 she flicks her eyes in his direction and hustles down the hall , sashaying in her tiny skirt . 
 the swarm of people follow in her wake . 
 trystan 's frozen in place . 
 he considers running , but he ca n't because there 's no way to hide from this . 
 dread chokes him , rendering him silent . 
 the confident smile that usually lines his lips is long gone . 
 brie steps into the space between trystan and mari and wraps herself around his arm . 
 `` this is trystan scott , '' she says beaming . 
 he can feel her hand on his arm and hear her voice , but it sounds like static in his ears . 
 she pulls him closer to the crowd , either that or they form a circle around him , surrounding him . 
 trystan breathes hard , his eyes darting between the excited faces and the cameras . 
 there 's more than one . 
 trystan 's heart lurches when he realizes that he 's been cornered . 
 he reaches for mari 's hand , but she 's gone . 
 he ca n't even see her face . 
 the crowd has swallowed him and she 's gone . 
 dread creeps around trystan 's throat like a noose , pulling tighter and tighter . 
 these people know his secret . 
 he can feel the icy cold truth racing through his veins . 
 that means they know about the other night , about how his dad strangled him . 
 everything he 's been trying to hide for so long is about to be exposed . 
 there 's no way to stop it . 
 a voice cuts through the noise , through the chaos of his thoughts . 
 the woman in the suit holds out the microphone to him , asking , `` are you day jones ? '' 
