 chapter 1 the metallic click of a fingernail against the doorknob sends me out of my mind . 
 whoever is there knows damn well that i 'm in here . 
 i force my muscles to move , to stretch , as i stand and get out of the tub . 
 taking the only thing that i can use as a weapon , i grab a can of hairspray , intending to spray and smack the intruder with the can , if i get that lucky . 
 the shadow shifts and the floorboards creak . 
 the nails jiggle the knob once more and then are dragged down the door in one slow sweeping motion . 
 my heart climbs into my throat as my pulse goes into heart failure territory . 
 every inch of my body is shivering , but it has nothing to do with being cold . 
 i want to grab the towel and wrap it around my body , but i 'm too afraid to turn away from the door . 
 i stand there after i step out of the tub , letting the water roll off me and onto the floor . 
 puddles form under my feet . 
 my fingers clutch the can of hairspray tighter . 
 i shake it and pull the cap off , putting it down softly on the counter . 
 my nerves are shot to hell . 
 i know someone is on the other side of the door and for whatever reason , they have n't opened it yet . 
 i reach my hand slowly toward the knob , ignoring how my fingers shake , as i lift the can of hairspray in my other hand . 
 my breath catches in my throat . 
 my fingers touch the cold metal knob . 
 every last breath of air is crushed out of me . 
 i stare , unblinking , ready to fight whatever assailant lies on the other side . 
 without warning , i yank the door open . 
 i scream and spray , practically dancing in fear , trying to see who was waiting on the other side . 
 after a second , i get enough of my brains back to realize that no one is at eye level . 
 my gaze falls to the floor and i scream . 
 a raccoon the size of a dog is hissing at me , and looks like it 's ready to attack . 
 `` awh , what the hell , what the hell , what the hell ! '' 
 i scream-almost sing-as i act without thinking and jump over it . 
 when i leap over the thing 's head , it twists to look at me . 
 it must think i 'm attacking , because it fights back . 
 it rears up on its hind legs when i 'm airborne over its body . 
 my foot connects with the side of its head and the raccoon goes flying backwards into the bath , as i fall on the floor . 
 it splashes in the tub , while making the most ear-piercing sounds i 've ever heard . 
 the animal clings to the side of the tub , trying to climb out , soaked . 
 and completely pissed . 
 i gawk at it for a second and then scramble my nak * d butt across the hall and go running into the living room . 
 the insane animal runs like i 'm the one attacking . 
 it darts past me , soaking wet , and climbs our bookcases . 
 the entire time , i 'm screaming like someone is killing me . 
 when the knock at the door comes , i throw it open to see the eighteen-year-old high school kid that lives next door . 
 his gaze is downcast at first and he starts to ask , `` i heard yelling and wanted to make sure ... '' his voice cuts off as he stares at me wide-eyed . 
 the blast of fresh air and james ' unblinking brown eyes remind me that i 'm nak * d. i turn and snatch at a sweater that 's hanging by the door and wrap it around me as quickly as possible . 
 i slam the door shut behind james . 
 responding to him , i say , `` no ! 
 that thing attacked me ! '' 
 i 'm breathing hard and ca n't catch my breath . 
 my pulse wo n't slow and james looks like his brain melted . 
 i blink at him as i tug the sweater tighter around my shoulders . 
 the bottom of my ass is hanging out . 
 i pull the sweater down , but then my boobs are hanging out . 
 hysterical sobs start to bubble up my throat and james seems to remember that i 'm a real person . 
 i 'm pointing at the raccoon . 
 it 's perched on top of the bookcase with its hackles raised , hissing at us . 
 `` that thing broke in . 
 i thought ... i thought , '' i blubber , motioning at it , `` it was a - '' james finally snaps out of it . 
 he says calmly , `` it 's fine , miss lamore . 
 he 's just spooked . '' 
 james looks around and asks , `` how 'd he get in here ? '' 
 `` i have no clue , '' i say , my voice shaking , my entire body billowing like a reed in a breeze . 
 i shiver and i ca n't stop . 
 james ' eyes flick between me and the massive rodent snarling on my top shelf . 
 its little black muzzle looks like it 'll rip my face off if i step closer . 
 james seems to decide something and steps towards it . 
 i grab his shoulder , and scold him like he 's five , `` stay away from that thing ! 
 it 's crazy . '' 
 james smiles and shakes his head . 
 `` he 's just spooked . '' 
 ignoring me , james steps toward the animal , making cooing sounds . 
 the raccoon stops hissing , but still looks mortified . 
 it does n't move . 
 after a moment , james turns to ask , `` do you have an apple or something ? '' 
 nodding , i go to the kitchen to grab one and return , giving it to the kid . 
 `` do n't let it bite you . 
 your mother is going to kill me as it is . '' 
 james lifts the apple in the air . 
 he uses a pocket knife to cut small pieces off . 
 james can barely get the first few pieces to the psychotic rodent , but eventually its stomach overpowers its fear , and the giant fur ball climbs down . 
 james opens the front door and throws the remains of the apple outside . 
 the raccoon runs after it , and bounds down the front steps . 
 i slam the door shut , and lean against it , splaying my fingers against the metal . 
 i close my eyes , and tilt my head back . 
 a major freak out is building inside of me . 
 james clears his throat and seems to look anywhere but at me . 
 `` it looks like he got in through the chimney . '' 
 the kid points at the old fireplace and the knocked over candles that had been on the hearth . 
 `` i can tell the landlord to fix the trap , and you should board that up . 
 i have no idea how he squeezed his way down . 
 usually squirrels are an issue , not raccoons . '' 
 i realize he 's talking , and blink . 
 looking at him , i shake my head , saying , `` no , i 'll tell the landlord about it . 
 you 've been enough help . '' 
 my face is burning . 
 i think i was running around nak * d in front of this kid for way longer than i should have . 
 i bite my bottom lip to keep it from trembling . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he smiles awkwardly at me and says , `` it was my pleasure . '' 
 james smirks and then disappears through the door . 
 i push it shut behind him . 
 then , i plaster my hands to my face and fall to the floor and cry . 
 i cry because my emotions are so tangled that i ca n't tell which way is up . 
 i thought someone was there , that the person who was following me was ready to butcher my body and hide me under the floorboards , and my only defense was a can of hairspray . 
 i 'm pathetic . 
 no one 's been following me . 
 i let me mind runaway with brains . 
 chapter 2 after i pull myself together , i head back to my room to change . 
 something feels off , but i ca n't tell what . 
 i glance around and everything looks the same . 
 it 's just the raccoon , i think to myself . 
 he probably got in here and moved some things . 
 ignoring the ice swirling in my stomach , i go to my laundry basket and heft it onto the bed . 
 i 'm still trying to find my favorite pair of panties . 
 i dig through the basket , but they do n't turn up . 
 the dryer does n't eat expensive panties . 
 i 'm usually so careful with them and i can not imagine what i 've done with them . 
 annoyed , i suck in a gasp of air and sit down hard on the bed , letting the cold , damp , sweater i 'm wearing to slouch down a little bit . 
 the window is closed . 
 sunlight pours into the room through the slats in the mini blinds . 
 i pull my hair out of the towel . 
 i take a second to figure out what else to wear , when i look up . 
 across the room is my dresser . 
 it 's old , a hand-me-down , and the top is covered in make-up , blush brushes , and lip sticks that i did n't put away . 
 a square mirror with a chipped edge hangs above the dresser . 
 scrawled across the glass in bright red lipstick is a single word . 
 whore . 
 every nerve in my body is already frayed . 
 seeing this makes me come apart . 
 i feel myself unraveling bit by bit and i ca n't stop it . 
 my heart climbs into my throat , pounding wildly . 
 my jaw drops open as i stand and walk toward the piece of glass . 
 i glance around again , but no one is here . 
 i 'm alone . 
 there is no other sign that someone has been in my room . 
 i touch my fingers to the cold pane , touching the w with my index finger . 
 it 's written in lipstick , my favorite cherry red lipstick . 
 it 's the one that i like to wear on dates . 
 shaking , i yank my hand back from the mirror like i 've been burned . 
 someone was here . 
 it was n't my imagination . 
 it was n't a raccoon that freaked me out . 
 someone had stood outside my bathroom door and then come in here . 
 frantic , i dress , pulling on jeans and a tank top . 
 fear slices me into little bits , making my mind freeze up and not work . 
 the only thing i can think is to ask james if he saw someone leave my apartment . 
 i walk outside , run next door , and bang on his front door too hard . 
 his mother appears . 
 she has bright red hair that 's pulled away from her face with combs . 
 a spattering of freckles line her pale cheeks . 
 her name is gabby . 
 `` is james around ? '' 
 i ask , breathing i little too hard . 
 gabby 's arms fold over her chest , `` what 'd he do ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' i shake my head . 
 `` well , actually , he helped me get a raccoon out of my apartment earlier . 
 i wanted to ask him if he saw something . '' 
 the square of gabby 's shoulders soften and she turns , bellowing for her son over her shoulder . 
 `` thank god that 's all you had to say . 
 i thought you were going to tell me he knocked you up or something . '' 
 she shakes her head and turns away from the door , leaving me on the porch alone . 
 i ignore her statement , which should have irked me , and glance up and down the street . 
 it 's filled with people . 
 no raccoons . 
 no one wearing a sign that says stalker . 
 james appears at the door . 
 i step back to let him out and he walks onto the porch . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 he asks , pushing his hands into his pockets . 
 `` more rodent problems ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 i ca n't look him in the eye . 
 something creeps down my back and suddenly , i wonder if it was him-if this kid has been the one watching me , following me . 
 i glance up at him , and think i 'm insane . 
 james is a good kid . 
 `` i think someone was in my apartment right before you came in . 
 any chance you saw someone come out when i started screaming ? '' 
 james 's eyes flick to the side like he 's remembering . 
 his hand touches his jaw , but he shakes his head . 
 `` no , just the scream . 
 and your door was locked when i got there . 
 i would have come in if it was n't . 
 i thought someone was hurting you . '' 
 i nod slowly , my hope sinking into my stomach . 
 `` oh , okay . '' 
 i turn to walk back . 
 i feel the mental fog thicken . 
 i do n't know what to do . 
 james says , `` what 's the matter ? 
 why do you think someone was inside ? '' 
 i ca n't answer him . 
 i do n't want to admit it , because that will make it real . 
 right now it 's an abstract idea , but if i say it ... oh god . 
 i wrap my arms around my middle and turn off the steps . 
 i start to walk away when james calls after me , `` hey , wait a second . '' 
 he follows me back to my door , asking questions that i ca n't answer . 
 finally , he says , `` are you all right , miss lamore ? '' 
 no , i 'm not all right , but what am i supposed to say ? 
 he 's a kid . 
 i do n't want to burden him with this , and if i say another word , the tears i 'm holding back will spill down my cheeks . 
 james looks at me , waiting for an answer . 
 i glance at him , and force a smile . 
 `` anna , call me anna . 
 i 'm not that much older than you . 
 thanks for helping earlier . '' 
 james nods slowly , like i might say something else , but i do n't . 
 he turns to walk away and i go back into my apartment . 
 i shut the door behind me and flip the deadbolt lock even though its daylight . 
 my throat is so tight and dry that i ca n't swallow . 
 hysteria pushes its way through my veins . 
 i want to get out of here and never come back . 
 i go back to my room , find my phone , and press in the numbers for emma . 
 i have to tell her even if i do n't want to . 
 if she comes back here alone and something happens to her , i 'll never forgive myself . 
 em 's voicemail picks up , since she 's still at work . 
 i try to say it briefly , but as i 'm talking , i think that i sound way too scared for what happened . 
 so someone wrote something nasty on my mirror ? 
 someone was in your apartment , anna ! 
 my mind snaps back . 
 shaking my head , i change the reason for the call and tell her a raccoon got in and to be careful when she gets home . 
 i hang up and tap my phone . 
 for some reason , i ca n't say it . 
 i ca n't admit what happened , yet . 
 at the same time , i do n't want her walking in here at night , alone . 
 i have to do something . 
 i call his number without thinking . 
 he picks up on the second ring . 
 `` edward ? '' 
 his voice sounds surprised , `` anna ? 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 `` any chance you could come over later ? 
 i have an appointment and i do n't want em alone here . '' 
 he asks what happened . 
 i tell him about the raccoon , and that i 'm a little on edge . 
 i do n't know where it came from and the more i think about it , the less likely it seems that it came down the chimney . 
 i wonder if the perv threw it in the apartment when he came in . 
 i fall silent and edward says something , but i do n't respond . 
 i blink , looking at my mirror . 
 `` i 'll head over now , okay ? 
 you sound out of sorts . '' 
 i start to protest , but he 's gone . 
 i look at my phone and the screen 's gone black . 
 i run to the kitchen and get the windex . 
 i scrub away the letters before anyone else can see them . 
 i pick up my make-up and put it away , but one tube of lipstick is missing . 
 the one that was used to write on the mirror is gone . 
 i ca n't think about it . 
 i need cole . 
 my mind feels like its floating in glue and does n't want to think . 
 my thoughts are sluggish . 
 the shakes calm down to a small tremor . 
 i fold my arms over my chest to hide it . 
 i pace the apartment , looking for signs of entry , but there is nothing . 
 just the hole in the old chimney . 
 that fireplace was part of the reason why we chose this apartment . 
 although it does n't work , the hearth is really cute . 
 i stare at the busted up wood and the door buzzes . 
 i check to make sure it 's edward first , and then let him in . 
 his dark hair is wet like he just took a shower . 
 he 's wearing jeans with a cream colored shirt that 's tucked in neatly at his waist . 
 he looks me over once . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 his question makes me want to cry , but i ca n't say it . 
 it sounds stupid . 
 i 'm crying because there was a nasty word on my mirror . 
 i 'm crying because i 'm not a whore , but someone thinks i am . 
 biting my bottom lip , i shake my head and do n't look him in the eye . 
 `` nothing 's wrong , just frazzled . 
 that raccoon scared the hell out of me . 
 i need to finish getting ready . 
 maybe you can seal up the fireplace ? 
 it looks like he came in that way . '' 
 lies , lies , lies . 
 the pit of my stomach twists . 
 i hate lying . 
 edward nods and walks away from me , into the living room . 
 i return to my bedroom and feel a little bit better since i 'm not alone . 
 i hear edward moving things and then the sound of wood snapping as he cleans up . 
 i pull the heated flat iron through my hair , careful not to burn myself . 
 when i finish , i look like a different person . 
 i put on a different outfit than i originally intended . 
 i grab a pair of black leather pants and a tight tank . 
 i put my make-up on darker than usual , trying to hide the fear in my eyes . 
 i do n't want this to ruin my night with cole . 
 he already has too much on his plate , and in comparison , this seems silly . 
 edward wraps his knuckles on my open door . 
 he stands in the open doorway watching me as i apply a coat of mascara . 
 `` it 's boarded up . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i say , trying not to stab myself in the eye . 
 i hold the wand and glance at him , `` do you mind hanging out until emma gets here ? '' 
 i look at the mirror and carefully brush my lashes with the black goop . 
 my hand shakes slightly . 
 i rest it on the dresser and take a breath . 
 why ca n't i calm down ? 
 edward leans against the door frame and folds his arms over his chest . 
 i can tell that he is n't going to cooperate unless he knows what 's going on . 
 `` what 's this about , anna ? 
 i can tell something 's bothering you . 
 just tell me . 
 maybe i can fix it . '' 
 his eyes burn a hole in the side of my face . 
 he hated it when i wore makeup when we were dating . 
 he likes that au natural thing going on . 
 `` i do n't want to get into it now , edward . '' 
 i finish and put the make up back in my drawer . 
 i turn to him and say , `` please , do this ? '' 
 edward nods once , but his eyes do n't leave mine . 
 i feel a chill work its way through my body . 
 he never had sex with me and he 's watching me get dressed to have sex with someone else . 
 the way he looks me over makes me nervous , but then again , everything makes me nervous right now . 
 i go to brush past him , when he gently takes me by the elbow and stops me . 
 i turn toward him . 
 `` you 'd tell me if you were in trouble , right ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` we may not be lovers anymore , but i hope you still think of me as a friend . '' 
 breathing slowly , i feel his fingers on my arm . 
 the contact feels wrong . 
 i turn toward him so his fingers slip away . 
 i want to say that we were never lovers , but i know where he wants this conversation to go , and i do n't want to rehash the past . 
 i want to get to cole and stay with him until all my apprehension fades away . 
 i smile and say , `` of course , i do . 
 like you even need to ask that , edward ? 
 i could have called anyone , but i called you . '' 
 i walk down the hall and grab my helmet . 
 strapping it under my chin quickly , i grab my keys . 
 edward speaks as i get ready to go . 
 his eyes are downcast , making him look vulnerable . 
 `` you only called me because i 'm em 's brother . 
 if it was just you here , alone , we both know who you would have called . '' 
 he means cole . 
 `` but i did n't . 
 i called you . 
 you 're here now . 
 and i could have called him anyway , but i did n't . '' 
 edward looks at me funny , his head tilting slightly , `` you did n't tell him ? '' 
 `` tell him what ? 
 that a rabid animal tried to take a bath with me ? 
 no . 
 it seems more embarrassing than anything . '' 
 `` what else happened , anna ? 
 i can see it in your eyes . '' 
 he steps towards me and my heart ricochets off my ribs . 
 i ca n't talk about it . 
 i squirm away from him . 
 `` someone got in , okay . 
 i do n't want to talk about it , but i ca n't let emma come home and find a pervert in her room . '' 
 `` someone broke in ? '' 
 he asks , his eyes narrowing as he shakes his head . 
 `` anna , did you call the cops ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 edward looks at me , things finally clicking into place . 
 `` you did n't tell anyone , did you ? '' 
 `` i told you , '' i bit back . 
 it feels like i ate a can of nails . 
 i ca n't stand the way he 's looking at me . 
 i ca n't stand the way i feel , like my heart is going to explode at any moment . 
 just talking about it makes everything worse . 
 `` just watch out for em . '' 
 i turn toward the door and place my hand on the knob . 
 edward shakes his head and follows me to the door . 
 `` fine , fine , '' he says reassuringly . 
 `` i 'll be here when em gets home , but i 've got to tell you that you 're a real piece of work . '' 
 `` right back at ya . '' 
 chapter 3 i pick at a tomato on my plate . 
 we 're sitting in cole 's apartment . 
 when i arrived he greeted me with the sexiest grin i 've ever seen . 
 `` i did n't think you were into that , '' he says , eyeing my outfit . 
 i smile back , but i 'm still nervous . 
 when i pulled my bike out the parking garage , i got spooked . 
 my neck prickled and i 'm to the point that i 'm ready to jump out of my skin . 
 the thing is , i do n't know how to tell him . 
 cole is great , and it 's not that he wo n't understand , it 's more that he 'll over-react . 
 saying what happened out loud makes the whole stalker thing real , although if i think about it at all , the lipstick letters on my mirror already did that . 
 we 're sitting at his table , which is made from some exotic dark wood . 
 i lean back in my chair and look up at him . 
 `` i had something weird happen today . '' 
 `` tell me about it . '' 
 cole grins at me . 
 he expects a wild story and he 's going to get one . 
 my stomach twists as i think about telling him and a lump forms in my throat . 
 the smile slips from his lips . 
 cole leans forward and takes my hand . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 it 's a command . 
 i can see it in his eyes . 
 i do n't want to wriggle out of telling him , but it feels wrong to tell . 
 maybe i 'm stupid , yes , that 's it-i 'm a class a , completely insane idiot . 
 i have to tell someone . 
 worry pinches my throat tight . 
 what if he does n't believe me ? 
 what if he thinks it 's nothing ? 
 stop it , anna ! 
 just tell him . 
 i suck in air and dive into my story starting with the bathtub and ending with james flushing the raccoon out the front door . 
 cole 's eyes widen as i tell it , but he does n't laugh . 
 he hears my voice hitch and become smaller , more strained as the story goes on . 
 `` and then what ? '' 
 his blue eyes lock with mine . 
 i ca n't look away and the feeling climbing up my throat wo n't subdue . 
 it 's raw fear . 
 i try to keep it out of my voice when i speak , but i ca n't . 
 i lick my lips and take a breath . 
 `` when i got to my room , i noticed that someone had been there . 
 they took my lipstick and wrote something on my mirror . '' 
 cole 's body tenses . 
 every muscle in his strong arms twitches . 
 he 's no longer eating . 
 cole looks at me , his lips parted slightly . 
 his fingers ball into fists . 
 he 's fighting back the reaction he wants to have . 
 fury . 
 `` what was written on the mirror , anna ? '' 
 his voice is soft . 
 it 's the opposite of his body . 
 my lips are sealed shut . 
 i ca n't speak . 
 my voice wo n't come . 
 my lips wo n't move . 
 cole comes around the table and pulls me into his arms . 
 i start to sob into his shoulder . 
 he pats my head and i manage to blubber out , `` whore . 
 he wrote ` whore ' on my mirror with my lipstick . 
 the tube is gone . 
 he took it . '' 
 cole says soothing things that do n't register . 
 he holds me tight and the crushing fear that i felt all day cracks and falls away . 
 he pulls me from the embrace and holds me at arms-length for a moment , trying to see my face . 
 looking into my eyes , he says , `` you did n't see anyone ? 
 hear anyone ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no . 
 at first , i thought there was a person at the bathroom door , not an animal . 
 i saw shadows and thought they were feet . 
 then i open the door and it 's a raccoon . 
 i was convinced that i was going nuts , that it was just an animal in the apartment , until i saw the mirror . '' 
 my eyes are glassy , but i 've stopped crying . 
 `` i asked james if he saw anyone leave , but he did n't . '' 
 `` the apartment was locked up ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` it 's not like it 's ft. knox , but i 'm pretty sure everything was locked . '' 
 `` is there anything else missing ? 
 or out of place ? '' 
 i nod slowly , feeling the realization creepy up my throat like bony fingers . 
 `` a pair of panties is missing . '' 
 cole just stares at me . 
 his nostrils flare and he blinks . 
 `` when ? 
 when did all this start ? '' 
 i pull away from him and slip off his lap . 
 i have to stand . 
 nervous energy floods my body and i start to pace . 
 his eyes trail my movements and his arms fold over his chest . 
 i try to swallow again , but it hurts . 
 my mouth is too dry . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i felt like someone was following me , but there was never anyone there . 
 and then i thought it was you - '' `` me ? '' 
 he says shocked . 
 `` yeah , you said you were following me around , trying to talk to me . 
 i assumed that you were following me . '' 
 `` anna , i never followed you like that . '' 
 cole runs his hands through his hair . 
 `` shit . 
 i ca n't believe someone is doing this to you . 
 i went to places where i knew you 'd be . 
 i never stalked you . 
 this is a f ** king stalker and he 's gotten into your house . '' 
 cole pauses a beat and lifts his eyes to meet mine . 
 `` does emma know ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` yes , well , sort of . 
 i felt weird telling anyone . 
 i mean all that stuff in the beginning was just a feeling . 
 no one was there , and i figured that i just lost the panties , but then today ... '' i shake my head and my eyes sting with tears . 
 i blink them away and rub my eyes with my hand . 
 `` i called her brother over so she was n't there alone after dark . 
 i left her a message on her phone . 
 i have n't had a chance to talk to her yet . '' 
 `` you told her brother ? '' 
 cole asks . 
 `` you told him that someone was in the apartment ? '' 
 i nod again , trying to remember exactly what i said . 
 the day had that white haze over it , like it was a memory from a long time ago . 
 the part with the bathtub and the raccoon is vivid , but the rest grows fuzzy fast . 
 `` i told him that it was n't safe for em there alone . 
 i asked him to stay the night and did n't really say why . 
 he promised he 'd stay . '' 
 `` you need to tell her , '' cole says . 
 his eyes lock with mine . 
 i 'm standing in front of him with my arms wrapped tightly around my middle . 
 i hate feeling like this and talking about it makes it worse . 
 cole asks , `` who do you think it is ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i answer , and close my eyes . 
 i press my fingers to my temples and glance up at cole as i speak . 
 `` for a second i thought it was james . 
 he was there when i was screaming , but he was on the other side of the door . 
 james does n't have a key and the door was locked . 
 if he got in , i do n't know how . 
 `` and that does n't make any sense anyway . 
 the kid 's in school . 
 he 'd have to be cutting and ditching curfew to show up at the times when i 've felt spooked . '' 
 goosebumps spring up on my arms . 
 i try to rub them away . 
 cole steps toward me and pulls me to his chest . 
 `` it 'll be okay . 
 you stay with me , '' he kisses my head and holds me . 
 `` cole , i ca n't . '' 
 i look up at him , not wanting to mention it . 
 `` sottero wants to take everything you have . 
 if you do n't fight back ... you 'll have no home . 
 besides , whoever this is will just come at me when you are n't around . 
 i 'd file a police report , but what am i supposed to say ? 
 i do n't have a description or a name . 
 i do n't have anything . '' 
 cole looks like i kicked him in the stomach when i mention the lawsuit . 
 he turns from me and sits down at the table . 
 he works his jaw and is quiet for a while . 
 i walk to the kitchen and grab a bottle of wine and open it . 
 after pouring two glasses , i return to the table and offer him one . 
 i chug mine like it 's a shot . 
 cole looks at me and i know something 's changed . 
 his back straightens . 
 cole stands and says , `` i need to make a phone call . '' 
 cole disappears from the room . 
 i hear his voice , but ca n't hear his words . 
 i do n't know what he 's doing or who he 's talking to . 
 tonight was supposed to be a night of passion , a night of sticky sex , and sultry smiles . 
 instead , i 'm spending it recanting how my day went to hell and that some nutjob thinks i 'm a whore . 
 i down another glass of wine and lean my head on my hand . 
 in a moment , my body feels warm as the wine works its way through me . 
 the fear that 's been coiled in my throat all day lessens . 
 cole reappears and drops his phone on the table . 
 he walks toward me and never takes his eyes off my face . 
 cole slips his hands around my waist and pulls me to my feet . 
 running his fingers through my straight hair he says , `` i 'll protect you . 
 i promise . 
 nothing will happen to you . '' 
 i nod . 
 he watches me for a moment and something shifts . 
 i feel safe with him . 
 i know i am . 
 it does n't make sense to be so scared and then feel so frisky , but i do . 
 i want him . 
 i want his hands on me . 
 i want him to hold me . 
 i do n't care what kind of kinky stuff he had planned for tonight . 
 i want to show him that i love him . 
 i want things to be soft . 
 i thread my fingers through his hair . 
 they graze across his cheek as i do , feeling the stubble under my skin . 
 he leans his head toward mine , and i feel his mouth on my lips . 
 cole kisses me lightly , like i might break . 
 his tongue sweeps across the seam of my lips and i part them for him . 
 the kiss deepens . 
 it becomes hotter and possessive . 
 cole 's hands slip over my body , pulling me to him , claiming that i 'm his . 
 i moan into his mouth and press my chest against him . 
 his hands are on my back , drifting lower , feeling my curves . 
 when he grabs on tight and pulls me up , i crash into his mouth and the kiss changes . 
 instead of being light , his tongue strokes my mouth like he 'll die if i pull away . 
 his lips smash down on mine . 
 his fingers tangle in my hair and pull gently , tilting my head back and opening my mouth more . 
 when his lips drift to my neck , i ca n't stand . 
 i feel my knees give out and he catches me in his arms . 
 without a word , cole sweeps me up in his arms and carries me to his bed . 
 he places me gently on the covers and looks down at me . 
 `` you 're amazing , you know that ? '' 
 i smile softly at him . 
 `` what happens if i say that i 'm not so sure ? '' 
 i feel uncertain , like my life is spinning out of control . 
 i do n't know who i am any more . 
 i do n't understand why someone is stalking me or what they want , and the red letters burn behind my eyelids every time i blink . 
 i pretend that it did n't bother me , at least i try , but there 's a twisting inside my stomach that does n't quiet . 
 it chokes me . 
 i tangle my fingers together as i look at him . 
 cole sees the worry in my eyes . 
 he winks at me and turns away like he 's decided something . 
 curiosity flames through me and i sit up . 
 cole takes something from behind his dresser . 
 they 're large prints in a black le femme box . 
 `` these will change your mind . '' 
 his voice is soft . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 i cross my leather-clad legs on the bed and sit up . 
 cole walks back to the bed and sits across from me . 
 he hands me the box and says , `` see for yourself . '' 
 i lift the lid and set it down on the bed next to me . 
 tissue paper is folded over the contents . 
 i push the thin papers back , parting the thin sheets until i see the photographs . 
 my hand stills as i recognize the model . 
 i glance up at him , `` these are from that day ... ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` yes , and if there is any doubt in your mind about how incredibly seductive , alluring , or sexual you are after seeing those , well , i 'll just have to take more . '' 
 cole grins wickedly . 
 i react wrong . 
 i feel it coming and i know it 's the wrong response , but i ca n't stop it . 
 instead of feeling better , tears well up in my eyes and spill down my cheeks . 
 i suck in air so fast that i choke . 
 cole shifts so that he 's sitting next to me , his gaze rapidly sweeping my face trying to figure out why i 'm crying . 
 i hold the picture in my hands , trembling . 
 it 's beautiful . 
 the trail of crystals that draped my body , the way he posed me , the light and shadows ... i rasp in a jagged breath and try to stop acting like a lunatic . 
 `` these are beautiful . '' 
 cole takes his hand and rubs my back as i look at the portrait . 
 he kisses a tear from my cheek and whispers in my ear , `` you 're amazing , anna . 
 you stun me into silence , and it 's not just because of any one thing . 
 it 's you . 
 it 's who you are , everything from your sharp wit , to your amazing eyes , to the way you wear those pants like they 're jeans-which they 're not by the way-you 're the best thing that 's ever happened to me . '' 
 his eyes are on the side of my face as he speaks . 
 i ca n't turn . 
 i 'll explode into a ball of tears . 
 as he says these things , a smile spreads across my face . 
 i look at one image , and then the next . 
 i say nothing for a while , just gazing at his creations , seeing me how he sees me . 
 the images that were painted with light showcase every curve . 
 the stones glitter in the darkness , giving the impression of my curves that remain unseen . 
 a pale violet light rims my waist and hips , trailing up to my br ** sts , and spilling onto my neck . 
 my face is turned toward the light source , and unlike his old work , my eyes are prominent . 
 there 's a look on my face that i wish i could conceal . 
 it makes me feel completely nak * d , as if being stripped was n't enough . 
 i feel like he 's captured my soul . 
 `` it 's perfect , '' i finally say . 
 cole is watching me , his blue gaze never leaving my face . 
 he drinks in the look in my eyes , the way they devour the picture and take in every tiny detail . 
 `` so are you . '' 
 he leans in and kisses my cheek . 
 it 's a gentle kiss , chaste even . 
 i smile in response when he pulls away . 
 glancing at him , i say , `` i 'm glad we met . 
 i 'm glad you interviewed me and not someone else . 
 i 'm glad i wore that hideous outfit and insulted you . 
 if i had n't , none of this would have happened . 
 i - '' cole does n't let me say anything else . 
 he takes the box from my hands and sets it on the dresser before leaning in and pressing his lips to mine . 
 the last few times we were together , everything felt hot to the point of combustion . 
 this time it is different . 
 cole 's kiss is soft and perfect . 
 he makes no attempt to watch me the way he did last time . 
 he stays with me , kissing my mouth like he 's searching for something , like i 'm the one he needs , the one he wants . 
 his hands slip over my body , feeling each curve as we lay back on his bed . 
 i reach my arms around his neck and tangle my fingers in his hair , losing myself in the kiss . 
 it 's a good kiss . 
 there 's no other word for it . 
 there are kisses that burn with lust and then there are others that are sweet . 
 this one is both . 
 it burns , but it does n't make me crazy . 
 lust does n't surge through my veins , something else does , but i 'm not entirely certain what . 
 i let the kiss linger and cole is no hurry . 
 his tongue seeks mine , playing , feeling the curves of my mouth . 
 he tastes me like he could never get enough . 
 cole 's hand lingers at my waist as the other finds my cheek . 
 he brushes the back of his fingers across my jaw and down my neck as the kiss continues . 
 i can barely breathe . 
 my body is warm , yearning for his . 
 i want to take cole in my arms and never let go . 
 the world around me vanishes . 
 every worry that occupied my mind disappears until there is only the two of us , lost in this kiss . 
 cole slowly moves on top of me , leaning all his weight on one arm . 
 his fingers play in my hair and his other hand slips beneath my shirt . 
 he splays his fingers on my stomach and slides his hand around to the small of my back , pulling me closer to him . 
 i feel the heat of the kiss , the desire building between us . 
 that attraction has always been there , but this is more . 
 breathing hard , cole breaks the kiss and looks down at me . 
 `` i love you , anna . '' 
 his blue gaze makes me feel like i 'm flying . 
 i smile widely and say , `` i love you , too . '' 
 we continue kissing , maintaining a slow pace . 
 cole kisses me , enjoying my mouth before moving onto my neck . 
 his teeth nip my ear , before pressing gentle kisses along the side of my neck . 
 i pull him to me , trying to flip him over so that i can spoil him with affection , but he wo n't let me . 
 `` no , anna . 
 i want you like this . 
 i want to show you how much i love you . '' 
 the way he says it sounds like a question , like he 's asking me if it 's all right . 
 my heart is pounding . 
 the way cole looks at me is wonderful and terrifying . 
 i 'm not sure what he means , but i want to find out . 
 i tuck my hair behind my ear . 
 `` all right . '' 
 i hear my voice and am surprised at how frightened i sound . 
 this is different for us . 
 lust burns hot and bright , but this-whatever this is-feels like forever . 
 it feels like love , the kind that does n't ever fade away . 
 cole 's eyes follow my fingers as i move the curl . 
 the corners of his mouth pull up . 
 he looks down at me and asks , `` you only do that when you 're nervous . '' 
 `` maybe , '' i confess . 
 pressing a kiss to my neck , he asks , `` what 's making you nervous , miss lamore ? '' 
 my eyes close as his lips press to my neck . 
 god , his mouth is so warm . 
 i enjoy the sensation . 
 `` well , my boss says he wants me ... '' my lips twitch . 
 i 'm trying to smile , but i ca n't . 
 i 'm scared and unsure why . 
 my eyes lock with his . 
 i tell him the truth . 
 `` i can do the lust thing , cole , but i 've never done the love thing . '' 
 my pulse pounds harder , until the only sound i can hear is my heart racing . 
 i ca n't swallow . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 i do n't know what i expect him to do . 
 confessing that i 've never been in love before does n't seem that intimate , but now , at this moment , it does . 
 i wonder if he knows what i feel . 
 the crash of ecstasy and fear are twisting together inside my chest . 
 my jaw locks as i press my lips together . 
 cole is quiet for a moment . 
 he looks at me , his eyes slipping over my face . 
 finally , he says , `` at one time , i thought love was so devastating when it was over , that it was n't worth the risk . 
 i do n't think that anymore . 
 i think love 's worth chancing the agony that things may go wrong . 
 besides , i do n't want to live like that , always wondering what i could have had , if we would have been happy . 
 i 've done that . 
 it 's a lonely life , anna . 
 `` there are only a few things i 'm certain of . 
 i have here and now . 
 i have today . 
 i had thought that there were no promises in this life , nothing to grab hold of-i used to think that nothing was forever , anna . 
 but this , me and you , it 's worth the risk . 
 you 're already part of me , and it 's not that i ca n't let you go , it 's that i do n't want to . 
 i love you , anna . 
 you 're worth the risk . '' 
 he caresses my cheek with the back of his hand . 
 his gaze does n't stray from my eyes . 
 `` what made you change your mind ? '' 
 i lean into his hand . 
 his touch makes my stomach fall away . 
 i feel like i 'm flying or falling-or both . 
 the moment feels surreal , like it 's passing in slow motion . 
 cole 's eyes lower . 
 answering , he breathes , `` you . 
 you changed my mind . 
 you changed my world ... '' taking cole 's face in my hands , i pull his lips down to meet mine . 
 i kiss him . 
 it feels like my life is in a free fall . 
 i do n't know which way is up and at that moment , i do n't care . 
 i feel found in cole 's arms . 
 i feel whole . 
 the feminazi inside my mind is screaming at me , but i ignore her . 
 relying on another person is n't weakness . 
 wanting a man does n't mean i 'm not a strong woman . 
 it means i have a heart . 
 it means i can love someone and for some crazy-ass reason , he loves me back . 
 we spend the night together in his bed , neither of us sleeping . 
 cole 's hands study every inch of my body . 
 his lips follow , and he touches me , kisses me , and learns my body . 
 i lay on my back as he strips my clothes away , leaving me nak * d. his eyes rake my figure , but he quickly moves on to caresses and kisses so soft and adoring that i 'm floating in sheer bliss . 
 my skin grows hot as my insides twist with each gentle touch . 
 every kiss is like a flame licking my skin . 
 i feel cole slide between my legs . 
 he touches lightly before pushing his hard length inside of me . 
 i moan and dig my nails into his back . 
 i feel dizzy and giddy . 
 there 's a smile on my face and no matter how hard i try , i ca n't hide it . 
 cole 's hands tangle in my hair . 
 he whispers in my ear , kissing my neck , as he rocks into me over and over again . 
 i wrap my legs around his waist and pull him in farther . 
 we stay like that , in that euphoric state for hours , until cole finally pushes me over the edge . 
 my body shatters as i come . 
 every inch of me is hypersensitive . 
 i feel him inside me and want him there . 
 my nails claw his back as he finds his release , saying my name . 
 he moves to pull away , but i hold him there . 
 looking into his eyes , i say , `` i love you , cole . '' 
 our sweat covered bodies are tangled together . 
 he lays on top of me as i stroke his hair . 
 my heart is pounding and i ca n't stop smiling . 
 my messed up cave-man has a soft side . 
 chapter 4 the night passes slowly . 
 when i try to fall asleep , i find that i ca n't . 
 the red letters are there when i close my eyes , sending my pulse into panic mode . 
 i refuse to be thrown out of my home , but this stalker has done more than that-he 's gotten into my head . 
 fear courses through me and i shudder . 
 cole lays next to me , dozing on and off . 
 he feels me move and tightens his arms around me , hugging me to his chest . 
 i hear his heartbeat , slow and steady . 
 the warmth of his body pressed to mine is perfect . 
 we stay like that for a while . 
 eventually cole kisses my brow and says , `` i 've been thinking about what you said , about my name . '' 
 surprise fills me . 
 i did n't expect him to decide anything . 
 actually , i realized his name is important to him . 
 it is the only part of a life that he no longer has . 
 i guessed that his last name is like a security blanket , that it gives him comfort in some way that i do n't understand . 
 i ca n't rip that away from him . 
 it makes sense . 
 it 's also the only reason i can fathom as to why he 's letting sottero walk all over him and steal his fortune . 
 i do n't lift my head from his chest . 
 i lay in his arms and feel his smooth skin under my fingers . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 `` i think you might be right-that it is n't worth holding onto . 
 not anymore . 
 i know who i am . 
 i do n't need a name to tell me that . '' 
 worry trickles through me . 
 `` cole , i just want you to be happy . 
 i 'm not sure if you should listen to me on that . 
 i really do n't know anything about it or what you went through ... i just , '' i chose my words carefully , `` did n't understand before , but i think i do now . '' 
 `` you think so ? '' 
 he shifts me in his arms and looks down at me . 
 his eyebrows lift into his hair . 
 a crooked grin lines his sleepy face . 
 i nod . 
 `` so , tell me , then . '' 
 i squirm in his arms , but he holds me tighter , not letting me wiggle away like i want to . 
 i relax and his grip loosens . 
 `` maybe i do n't know my ass from my elbow , but it seems like that name means a lot to you . 
 it anchors you , gives you security about who you are and who you want to be . 
 i get why you want to keep it . 
 i should n't have said anything . 
 i was thoughtless . 
 you should ignore me . 
 i have n't lived your life . 
 i have no idea about anything . 
 i showed up in a tutu for godsakes . 
 i seriously doubt you should be taking advice from a life-size skittle . '' 
 i feel cole smile against the top of my head as i speak . 
 he trails his finger along my arm . 
 `` i like your ass , and your elbows are lovely , lamore . 
 and-a secret between you and me-i actually think you know more than you let on . 
 you see more than you let on , anna . 
 i love you . 
 i want to hear what you think , and on this , you were right the other day . 
 `` that damn name carries a ton of baggage with it . 
 every time someone says mr. stevens , i think of my father . 
 i wonder if i 'm like him , even though i 've tried so hard not to be . 
 i thought i needed the reminder . 
 i thought it guided me and helped shape me into who i am , and maybe it did , but i was thinking and realized that i do n't need it any more . 
 i know who i am , with or without the name . 
 and i want you , without all the crap that the stevens name brings with it . '' 
 i turn on my side . 
 there 's a pillow under cole 's arm that is behind my head . 
 i do n't know what he 's saying . 
 i look at him and our eyes meet . 
 `` cole ? '' 
 my voice is light . 
 the moment feels fragile . 
 i watch cole 's face , wondering what he 's thinking and ca n't understand why he 's suddenly silent . 
 his eyes lower , and when he lifts them again , they are completely vulnerable . 
 `` anna lamore , you are the best thing that ever happened to me . 
 i want to make you happy for the rest of your life . 
 i want to hold you in my arms every night and see your face every morning . 
 i want you to be mine and i want to be yours . '' 
 his eyes do n't leave mine . 
 `` will you marry me , anna ? '' 
 shock hits me in the head like a pail of ice water . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i eloquently blurt out . 
 i push my nak * d body up on his bed and look down at him . 
 sheets cover his lower body . 
 cole folds his hands behind his head and smiles at me . 
 `` are you really that surprised , miss lamore ? 
 did you really think that i only took you into my bed , but managed to keep you out of my heart ? '' 
 my jaw is hanging open . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 i never expected a proposal . 
 my lips press into a thin line and then lift into a smile . 
 it 's like my face ca n't decide if i should laugh or cry . 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 i pull the sheet up , covering my chest . 
 cole pushes up onto his side . 
 he reaches for the sheet and gently pulls it from my fingers . 
 his eyes drink in my curves , before his gaze meets mine . 
 `` completely . 
 i ca n't resist you , and if you say no , i 'm afraid that i 'll have to keep asking until you say yes . '' 
 he leans over me and presses a kiss to my neck . 
 his lips are so warm . 
 i enjoy the sensation for a moment before my mind starts yelling at me to pay attention . 
 `` until i say yes ? '' 
 `` mmmmh , '' he says , pressing another kiss to the back of my neck . 
 i ca n't think . 
 i do n't want to think . 
 i want to say yes , but fear wo n't leave me alone . 
 i try to be light , to joke to avoid answering right then . 
 i shudder as his kiss presses to the back of my neck , right at that lust-inducing spot . 
 `` i might need some convincing , '' i say in breathy voice . 
 `` i 'd be happy to . '' 
 cole does n't press me . 
 instead he continues his kisses down my back . 
 i slip face-down on the bed and turn my head so i can see him . 
 i clutch the pillow under my head as cole lights my body on fire . 
 his touch is electric , his kisses drip with sensuality . 
 i ca n't resist him . 
 i know i ca n't , and i do n't know why i feel like i have to . 
 i give in to his caresses , to his hands . 
 he loves me and shows me . 
 it 's more than i thought i 'd ever get . 
 i thought i 'd have to settle for someone . 
 cole is n't settling . 
 he 's perfect , and yet , i notice that i could n't say yes to his proposal . 
 _____ the next morning cole dresses quickly . 
 he has a meeting with his lawyer and i have to show up for the hearing later in the afternoon . 
 i do n't want to go , but it 's a necessary evil . 
 cole looks beautiful in his suit . 
 the color is so dark that it makes his eyes look like sapphires . 
 he straightens his tie as he looks at me sitting on his blue chair , with my robe barely covering me . 
 `` you make it impossible to leave , you know that , right ? '' 
 i pull my knees to my chest and see his eyes follow the sweep of my bare hip . 
 `` i know . '' 
 my heart is racing at the thought of being alone . 
 i 'm afraid of the stalker . 
 i wonder if he 's waiting for me , watching me . 
 i do n't want cole to leave , but i try to banish the crazy thoughts before they make me nuts . 
 i 'm not living my life like this . 
 a bolt of determination strikes me and i try to tempt cole into staying a little longer . 
 a wicked grin crosses my lips . 
 i stand and allow the robe to fall to the floor . 
 walking toward cole , i wear nothing but a smile . 
 cole freezes . 
 his eyes watch me move toward him . 
 tension lines his shoulders and spills down into his arms . 
 god , that suit makes him look gorgeous . 
 when i reach cole , i thread my arms around his neck and gently kiss his lips . 
 the feel soft and warm , completely perfect . 
 cole sucks in a breath and slowly releases it after the kiss . 
 his eyes close as he does it . 
 i step away , loving the effect i have on him . 
 cole smiles for a moment and then his eyes open . 
 he looks me over and says , `` i want you wearing that exact same outfit next time i see you . '' 
 cole grins , winking at me before he starts to gather his things and move towards the front door . 
 i laugh , following him . 
 `` i 'm sure sottero will appreciate a buck-naked anna at court . '' 
 `` i know i would , '' he says , not looking back at me . 
 i fold my arms across my chest and lean against the doorway . 
 `` maybe i should n't come today . 
 i mean , she 's just going to try and use me against you-to prove whatever whacked point she 's trying to make . '' 
 cole turns and meets my gaze . 
 he only looks at my face , but i can tell he 's fighting the urge to let his eyes dip lower . 
 `` there 's no way for your testimony to support her claim since you were n't there . '' 
 `` but you were , and it does n't seem to matter what you say . '' 
 i wish i could make this go away . 
 i ca n't stand watching this happen to him . 
 `` i have n't been fighting this , anna , but now i intend to . 
 i 'm not letting it slide . 
 i 'm changing my name before my father 's attorney forces me to and i 'm fighting back . '' 
 he looks at me for a moment . 
 at first i think he 's asking me if it 's okay , and then i realize that he 's telling me . 
 there 's no question in his voice . 
 he knows what he wants . 
 he knows what he 's doing and he 's informing me of his intentions . 
 `` there are some things that are worth fighting for . '' 
 he winks at me , repeating my words back to me . 
 i nod and smile softly . 
 i do n't want him to get hurt , but i think he 's made the right choice . 
 i ca n't hide it . 
 cole smiles at me . 
 `` do n't do anything stupid . 
 keep the doors locked until you leave . 
 get in and out of your apartment as fast as possible . 
 stay out of alleys and abandoned buildings . 
 i 'll see you this afternoon . '' 
 `` cole , '' my voice catches . 
 i step toward him , hesitant . 
 `` do you think he can get in here ? '' 
 `` no , baby , '' he shakes his head . 
 `` the doorman does n't let random people in , and your bike should be fine in the garage . 
 no one can get in there either without the guard letting them through . 
 there are a ton of cameras down there , too . 
 are you going to ride your motorcycle in later ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 which is better ? 
 the bike or the train ? 
 i could end up in a car alone . 
 with the bike , i 'll end up in the parking garage alone . 
 i can park the bike on the street when i get there . '' 
 goosebumps prickle my arms as i speak . 
 i hate this . 
 i 'm altering my life because of this douche . 
 i rub the bumps away , but the creeped-out feeling still lingers on my skin . 
 `` take your bike . 
 i 'll keep an eye out for you , and you better believe that if you 're a second late , that i 'll come looking for you . '' 
 i smile . 
 cole crosses the room and pulls me to his chest . 
 he presses a kiss firmly to the top of my head and says , `` no one will hurt you . '' 
 i nod as he pulls away . 
 i watch cole walk out the door and my pulse ticks up a notch . 
 it nearly explodes when i shower . 
 the scene from psycho keeps playing through my mind in an endless loop . 
 i watch the suds swirl down the drain and remember the ribbons of blood on the bottom of the tub from that movie . 
 by the time i get out of the shower , i 've nearly peed myself twice . 
 `` stop it , anna . '' 
 i say out loud , just to prove that i 'm alone . 
 the back of my neck wo n't stop prickling . 
 it feels like a ghost is breathing down my beck . 
 i go to cole 's stereo and turn it on , hoping that the noise will help . 
 i blow out my damp hair and clip it back to the nape of my neck . 
 i want to dress , but there 's nothing here . 
 i 'd already discussed this with cole . 
 emma should be home and as long as she is , i 'm going to grab my suit . 
 if not , the backup plan is to buy another one . 
 maybe it 's a stupid time to be cheap , but i really want my suit . 
 it fits me right and there 's no way i 'm going to find another one in a few hours and make it to the courthouse on time . 
 i call emma , hoping she 's home . 
 she picks up on the third ring . 
 `` anna , are you okay ? '' 
 `` yeah , em . 
 i 'm fine . 
 i 'm at cole 's . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 `` god ! '' 
 she spews swear words at me like a drunk gremlin and then asks , `` what the hell happened ? 
 edward said an animal got in , and then james came by to make sure you were okay . 
 he said you asked him if he saw someone leaving the apartment ? 
 anna , what the hell is going on ? '' 
 `` edward did n't tell you ? '' 
 `` tell me what ? '' 
 rage shot through me . 
 i clenched my free hand and wanted to hurl the phone at the wall . 
 `` that someone got in yesterday ? 
 he was supposed to stay with you last night . 
 did he - '' she cut me off , `` yeah , he stayed , but he did n't tell me crap . 
 he just said that he was n't leaving . 
 the ass slept on the couch all night . 
 he was really tense , so of course , we fought like crazy . 
 then , when i tried to call you , you did n't answer . '' 
 em breathes , trying to steady her tirade . 
 `` how 'd you know someone got inside ? '' 
 my veins fill with ice when she asks the question . 
 the red letters flash in my mind . 
 i steady my voice . 
 `` because they wrote something on my mirror with my lipstick - ` whore . ' '' 
 my voice is too soft . 
 i ca n't hide how much this is freaking me out . 
 emma is silent . 
 i expected that she 'd be spewing foul words , but she says nothing . 
 `` em ? '' 
 `` sorry , anna . 
 oh my god . 
 i did n't know . '' 
 she coughs and clears her through . 
 it sounds normal when she speaks again . 
 `` do you think it was a fluke ? 
 like a random break-in or something . '' 
 i want to say yes , but i know it 's not . 
 i can feel it . 
 `` no , it 's not random . 
 i 've felt like i 've been watched for a while now . 
 some nights , i would have sworn someone was following me , but i never saw anyone . 
 then this happened . 
 anyway , i wanted you to know . 
 our apartment is n't safe . 
 neither of us should be there alone . '' 
 `` edward said the same thing . 
 he would n't leave . 
 i thought he was just being an ass . 
 damn , anna . 
 i had no idea . 
 what do we do ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i told you , cole , and edward . 
 i guess we just hope that the guy stops . 
 it 's not like i can get a restraining order or something . 
 there 's nothing to report . '' 
 `` there was no broken glass ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` how 'd he get in ? '' 
 i shrug and shift the phone to my other ear . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 'm assuming he got in the same way the raccoon did-through the chimney-but i do n't know . '' 
 that does n't make sense , but then again , neither does anything else . 
 `` i need to run by there to grab a suit . 
 i have to appear for sottero later today and i do n't have anything here . 
 any chance that you 're still home ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'm still here . 
 come by and get what you need . 
 i 'll wait for you . '' 
 i pull on my clothes and race down to the garage to grab my bike . 
 when i enter the parking lot , i look around longer than usual and then try my best not to run . 
 my skin prickles again and my entire body is covered in goosebumps . 
 no one is there . 
 anger rushes through me , but it 's not enough to choke back the fear . 
 i have the key in hand and have already strapped my helmet onto my head . 
 as i get closer , i see something on the seat . 
 the seat is black , but there is something on top of the leather that looks like a black tissue . 
 when i 'm a foot from the bike , i recognize what it is . 
 my spine goes straight and my heart jerks to a stop . 
 my eyes go wide as i stare at my favorite pair of black panties that went missing . 
 they are tucked under the seat strap . 
 i 'm so creeped-out that i do n't want to sit on the bike . 
 i glance at the guard in the booth and then back at my bike , at the panties . 
 someone took them . 
 someone found me here and put them on my bike , on the seat , where i 'd be sure to find them . 
 my heart is racing like a scared rabbit . 
 the trembling in my hands is spilling into my stomach in icy waves . 
 i feel sick , like i 'm going to puke . 
 anger bubbles into the mix . 
 i 'm angry that someone is doing this to me . 
 i 'm angry that he got so close and i did n't notice . 
 how could i be so stupid ? 
 i refuse to let this ass get to me . 
 i whip my head around , feeling the blood coursing through me like a bottle of shaken champagne . 
 i feel wired . 
 if he steps out of the shadows now , i 'll rip his eyes out with my nails . 
 my muscles tense , waiting for someone to appear , but no one materializes . 
 no one claims the fear that ignited within me . 
 i 'm alone . 
 i take the panties and stuff them under the seat . 
 i kickstart the bike and peel out , leaving skid marks behind . 
 i speed all the way home . 
 chapter 5 by the time i get home , i 'm calm again . 
 i shove my key into the lock , ready to twist it open when emma throws the door open and pulls me into her arms . 
 she bear hugs me until my ribs are breaking . 
 i ca n't breathe and try to pry her off of me . 
 edward is sitting on the couch . 
 he stands and walks over . 
 resting a hand on em 's shoulder , he says , `` she needs to breathe , emma . 
 let go . 
 she 's fine . '' 
 emma releases me and looks me over . 
 she tucks a strand of dark hair behind her ear , and acts like she does n't believe that i 'm fine . 
 `` let me look at you . 
 did something else happen ? '' 
 damn it , emma . 
 how does she do that ? 
 `` no , '' i lie and walk into the kitchen . 
 my brain asks , why are you lying , but i do n't want to think about it . 
 i do n't want any of this . 
 i shake my head and smile lamely . 
 `` i 'm just frazzled . 
 some ass in a truck almost ran me over . '' 
 `` how can you be so calm about this ? '' 
 emma scolds . 
 `` what if it was the stalker ? '' 
 uhm , i 'm freaking out inside . 
 wow , did she read me wrong . 
 `` i 'm not calm . 
 i 'm freaked , okay ? '' 
 i turn to her and snap . 
 i do n't mean to . 
 i shake my head and close my eyes . 
 `` i 'm sorry , em . 
 i 'm just kind of freaked . 
 i 'm going to stay at cole 's for a while , until this blows over . 
 i just wanted to be sure that someone could stay here with you . 
 or maybe you should crash at your mom 's for a while . '' 
 she laughs at that . 
 `` yeah right . '' 
 okay , maybe that 's a bad idea . 
 em and her mom fight like rabid cats . 
 `` no , i 'll stay here . 
 edward will stick around for a while , right ? '' 
 he nods . 
 while we 're speaking , edward crosses the room and slips himself up onto the kitchen counter . 
 `` i should be okay as long as i 'm not alone . 
 and you staying with cole for a little while is a good idea . '' 
 i nod and look at my hands . 
 my fingers twist together . 
 i glance up at her . 
 `` actually , it might be longer than a little while . '' 
 i flick my eyes up to meet em 's . 
 `` he asked you to move in with him ? '' 
 she asks , mouth hanging open . 
 a wide grin spreads across her face . 
 i glance at edward , not wanting to say it in front of him , but he 's going to be around for a while . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` he asked me to marry him , emma . '' 
 `` holy shit ! 
 what 'd you say ? '' 
 emma 's eyes are so big that they look like saucers . 
 she practically bounces up and down as she grabs my hands . 
 she thinks i said yes , but i did n't and i do n't know why . 
 i do my best to treat edward like a person , but i ca n't meet his gaze . 
 i look back at emma . 
 `` i did n't answer . 
 i did n't know what to say . '' 
 emma drops my hands . 
 she 's shocked into silence and stares at me with her mouth in an o. two seconds later she shakes her head and looks at the clock . 
 `` i 've got to get to work , but we are talking about this later . '' 
 `` definitely . '' 
 things feel normal for a second . 
 emma hugs me again , quickly this time . 
 her phone rings . 
 edward lifts it off the counter top and hands it to her . 
 `` it 's work . '' 
 he says . 
 `` damn it , '' she mutters , and says , `` hello . '' 
 emma takes the phone into the other room . 
 her voice carries through the apartment for a moment until she closes the door . 
 edward and i are alone . 
 he sits on the counter , his spine ram-rod straight . 
 `` so , a proposal ? '' 
 i nod , `` yeah , is that too weird ? 
 i did n't know if i should mention it in front of you . '' 
 i do n't want to hurt you more than i already have . 
 edward smiles at me and shakes his head . 
 `` nah , do n't be silly . 
 you and emma are best friends . 
 tell her anything you want . 
 besides , i 'm not real keen on leaving her alone right now , not with someone breaking-in and all that . '' 
 `` you 're a good brother , edward . 
 emma 's lucky to have you . '' 
 i say the words and mean them . 
 he 's a good brother . 
 emma bursts through her door . 
 she pulled on clothes , but does n't have that polished look she 's normally sporting . 
 em grabs an apple from the fridge . 
 `` that ass . 
 he wants me there now . 
 thanks for telling me . '' 
 emma says to herself , muttering . 
 she looks at me , `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean to run out on you like this . 
 i should have had another forty minutes . 
 i ca n't believe stacy thinks he can call me in like this . '' 
 `` looks like he can , '' edward says , and em shoots him a look that says drop dead . 
 `` stay with anna until she leaves , okay ? 
 i 'll be home at five . 
 let 's have dinner , edward . 
 and i 'll catch up with you later tonight , anna . 
 call me when you have a second . 
 i want to hear about sottero and cole . 
 i ca n't believe he proposed ! '' 
 she bites the apple and runs for the door , practically tripping over her feet . 
 turning back , she says , `` i ca n't believe you said no ! '' 
 `` i did n't say ` no , ' '' i reply , but em is already gone . 
 when the door slams , i look at edward . 
 `` mind hanging out for a few more minutes ? '' 
 `` no , that 's fine . '' 
 he tilts his head toward me . 
 `` there 's something black on the back of your arm . '' 
 i twist my arm and try to look . 
 there 's a thin black line that runs from my upper arm to my elbow . 
 it looks like tar . 
 i press my finger against it and it smears . 
 `` shit . 
 what is that ? '' 
 i look at my fingers . 
 edward slips off the counter and comes over . 
 he examines the black goo , but does n't touch . 
 `` it looks like grease or something . 
 you want me to try and wipe it off with a sponge ? '' 
 `` nah , i know how much dirt freaks you out . 
 i 'll do it . '' 
 but as i do it , i smear the black goo across my arm . 
 it does n't come off and now there are black streaks of water running down my arm and into my shirt . 
 edward watches me for a second before snatching the sponge , `` i swear , anna . 
 it 's a wonder you 're - '' he stops before he says it . 
 `` just stay still . '' 
 he puts warm water on the sponge and uses dish soap to get the grease off my arm . 
 when he 's done , he throws the sponge in the sink and says , `` take a shower to get the rest of it washed off . '' 
 i glance at the time . 
 i need to get to the courthouse early . 
 cole 's lawyer is supposed to go over stuff with me . 
 `` damn it . '' 
 i look at the gray schmutz on my arm . 
 he 's right . 
 i dart to my room . 
 edward returns to the couch and flips on the tv . 
 it 's blaringly loud , like he 's totally deaf , which is weird , but i 'm in too much of a hurry to think about it . 
 i strip quickly and pull on a robe . 
 racing to the bathroom , i turn on the water and scrub my arms until they 're raw . 
 when i return to my room , i 'm dripping wet . 
 i leave a path of puddles on the floor . 
 my robe clings to me because my skin is still damp . 
 i towel off my legs and then turn my head to the side to dab the ends of my hair . 
 my eyes drift across the room to my dresser . 
 the top of it is exactly the way i left it with one glaring difference . 
 my heart stops . 
 i drop the towel . 
 it lands in a lump at my feet . 
 fear chokes me , making it impossible to swallow . 
 i stare at the tube of lipstick and feel my heart slam into my ribs like i just got electrocuted . 
 i step toward it , my hand shaking as i lift the tube . 
 i stop in front of it , not wanting to touch it . 
 this was gone . 
 the perv took it with him and now it 's back . 
 my panties on my bike . 
 the words on my mirror . 
 horror washes over me in an icy wave . 
 i lift the tube of lipstick and slip the cover off . 
 it 's the cherry red . 
 the tip has been smashed like someone used it as chalk . 
 terror courses through me and i drop the stick . 
 it falls to the floor and rolls under my dresser . 
 my hand slaps over my mouth to muffle a noise that sounds like a cross between a cry and a sob . 
 frantically , i look around the room . 
 there are no signs of forced entry , no broken windows , no opened locks on the windows , no nothing . 
 my body acts like it wants to run . 
 the muscles in my legs twitch . 
 i turn toward the closet , deciding to get dressed and get the hell out of here . 
 i 'm never coming back . 
 i 'll never leave cole 's side again . 
 and i 'm telling emma to frickin ' move . 
 my veins are coursing with panic . 
 as i turn toward the closet , i catch movement out of the corner of my eye . 
 edward pulls the door open . 
 he stands in the doorway , watching me in my robe . 
 my wet hair is plastered to my face . 
 a shiver slips down my spine like an ice cube . 
 i stare at him for a second , wondering if he 's twisted enough to do this to me . 
 i think i 'm going insane and ignore the warning flags my mind is beating me with over the head . 
 edward does n't look at me . 
 he looks past me , at the dresser , and asks , `` i heard something fall . 
 are you all right ? '' 
 i nod , too freaked to talk . 
 i clutch my robe tighter at the neck . 
 edward finally turns and looks at me . 
 `` did you get the grease off ? 
 are you clean ? '' 
 am i clean ? 
 that question would have pissed me off a few months ago . 
 now , it just sends a jolt of panic through my throat . 
 i ca n't swallow . 
 my mouth is so dry . 
 my neck feels thick , like a log , and words wo n't form . 
 i nod again . 
 edward steps into my room , his body blocking the door . 
 i feel like i 'm cornered . 
 i glance over my shoulder at the window , wondering how much it will hurt to throw myself through it . 
 logic intercedes and tells me that this is edward . 
 i know him . 
 he wo n't hurt me . 
 he is n't the one that 's been messing with me . 
 but , memories that seemed odd , or did n't make sense before , come racing back . 
 edward showing up when he did n't know where i was . 
 edward finding me outside of cole 's . 
 edward showing up at the beach . 
 emma knowing things she should n't have known , things i never told her . 
 the missing panties . 
 the cherry red lipstick that he hates . 
 the way he said he 'd wait for me , that we were n't over . 
 my chest tightens . 
 i shrink back from him , still not wanting to believe what i 'm thinking . 
 edward looks apologetic . 
 i do n't understand why . 
 he presses his palms together and then parts his hands as he speaks , `` good . 
 i knew there 'd be a day that you came home and i 'd be here-that you 'd want me here . '' 
 `` edward , '' i manage to choke out his name . 
 i lift my hand without meaning to , the universal sign for stop but he keeps coming toward me . 
 `` i need to get dressed . 
 i have to be at court . 
 can we talk later ? '' 
 my voice cracks . 
 it 's a pathetic attempt to placate him , to ward him off , so that i can run and never look back . 
 he stops in front of me , my hand pressing into his chest . 
 edward presses his hands on top of mine . 
 `` now 's as good a time as any . 
 i heard what you said before-about not accepting his proposal . '' 
 `` edward , i - '' i try to pull my hand away , but his fingers wrap around my wrist . 
 edward lifts my hand to his lips and brushes a kiss against the back of my hand . 
 i yank harder , but he wo n't let me go . 
 `` you 're still in love with me . 
 i know . '' 
 he says it with complete certainty . 
 `` i 'm not ! '' 
 i jerk my wrist again and stumble backwards when he releases me . 
 a pained expression draws his dark brows together . 
 it 's like he wo n't accept that i do n't like him , that he intends to have me anyway . 
 `` you are , '' he insists . 
 `` you told him no . 
 you dumped jessie . 
 i can forgive your infidelity , anna , but i wo n't tolerate your lying . '' 
 edward 's eyes blaze with fury . 
 his arm swings before i see it coming and he connects with my cheek in a loud whack . 
 stunned , i stagger back into the corner . 
 my back presses against the wall as my hands cradle my cheek . 
 pain splinters through my face , exploding behind my eye . 
 i 'm trembling . 
 i ca n't help it . 
 something is very wrong with him and i never saw it coming . 
 i plead , `` edward , this is n't like you . 
 you - '' he steps toward me and lifts my chin . 
 i ca n't pull away from him . 
 i 've pinned myself against the wall . 
 there 's nowhere to run . 
 no way to escape . 
 `` i 'm a forgiving person , anna . 
 i 'll take you back . 
 you do n't even have to ask , but ... do . 
 not . 
 lie . 
 to . 
 me . '' 
 his hand squeezes my face hard as he bites off the last words staccato , practically spitting in my face . 
 my body is jacked up . 
 part of me wants to attack him in order to get the hell away . 
 the other part of me is falling to pieces , ready to fall at his feet and sob , hoping to god that he is n't this monster he seems to be . 
 i do n't decide what to do . 
 my body trumps my mind , and before i know what i 'm doing , i tear my face out of his hands and jerk my knee up between his legs . 
 edward sucks in air as he staggers back from me . 
 i have enough room to get by . 
 i dart for the front door , intending to run screaming into the street . 
 before i manage to make it down the hall , edward is behind me . 
 i hear only the heavy thumping footfalls and my clamoring heart . 
 although the tv is blasting , i no longer hear it . 
 my bare feet slip on the hallway floor as i race forward . 
 the puddles that i tracked from the bathroom are still there , gleaming , and knock me off balance . 
 all i can think is too slow , i 'm too slow . 
 my lungs burn . 
 it feels like i ca n't breathe . 
 i want to scream , but i have no voice . 
 it 's like a nightmare , where i ca n't run fast enough . 
 my heel hits the floor hard and i slip . 
 frantically , my arms swing as i try to regain my balance . 
 in that moment , edward catches my elbow and rips me back . 
 i jerk to a stop and whirl around , my robe swirling at my hips . 
 his fingers dig into my arms and it feels like he 'll crush my bones . 
 edward 's face is twisted with rage . 
 his eyes are narrow and dark . 
 without warning , edward releases me and throws me into the wall . 
 my head hits the plaster hard , but i do n't feel it . 
 adrenaline is pumping through me . 
 i should be able to toss a dumpster like a superhero , but i can barely stand up . 
 terror courses through my body , consuming me whole . 
 it makes my movements erratic , like i ca n't decide what to do or when . 
 i twitch against the wall , and then try to go for the front door again . 
 edward blocks me . 
 he uses his body to pin me in place , this time guarding his assets more carefully . 
 `` when are you going to learn , anna ? '' 
 he growls at me . 
 edward 's knee pushes between mine , parting my robe . 
 a sob bubbles up my throat , which seems to make him smile . 
 he grips my wrists , slamming them to the wall above my head . 
 i ca n't move . 
 i take a few breaths to steady myself and intend to scream fire at the top of my lungs , hoping james is home and that he can hear me over the tv . 
 last time james heard me scream , he came running . 
 but before i can exhale , edward 's massive palm covers my mouth . 
 i scream into his hand . 
 i use my free hand to try and pry him off of me , but he does n't move . 
 i do n't know what to do . 
 i writhe beneath him , trying to break free . 
 i ca n't stand it . 
 my heart is racing so hard that it 's going to explode . 
 i do n't think . 
 i act . 
 i listen to the crazy girl inside my head that 's telling me to bite down and lock my jaw . 
 i listen to her when she says to take my nails and shove them straight into edward 's eyes . 
 i bite and scratch . 
 edward yells , and shoves me hard . 
 i 'm flung across the hall and land hard on my hip . 
 i do n't look back to see him pressing his hand to his eye . 
 i do n't want to see the blood on his palm . 
 i taste the coppery tang in my mouth . 
 i know i made him bleed . 
 i round the corner on my hands and knees and go to the kitchen to look for a weapon . 
 backing myself into the corner , i grab a knife off the counter . 
 i 'm standing by the time edward enters the room . 
 he comes at me again , even though there 's a knife in my hand . 
 it 's the big , sharp one that emma uses to cut up chicken . 
 i do n't want to kill emma 's brother with her chicken knife , but i do n't know what else to do . 
 part of me thinks he 'll stop , but the more feral part of me senses that he 'll never stop . 
 i clutch the knife harder . 
 `` i swear to god , i 'll stab you . 
 stay the f ** k away from me ! '' 
 i yell at him , spitting his blood out onto the floor when it leaks into my mouth as i speak . 
 a streak of his blood must be smeared across my face . 
 edward laughs , like i 'm a child and he can do whatever the hell he wants . 
 `` you really intend to cut me ? '' 
 `` you really intend to rape me ? '' 
 his jaw drops . 
 edward manages to look insulted . 
 he steps toward me and presses his hand to his chest . 
 `` rape you ? 
 that 's what you think this is ? '' 
 `` yes , you crazy f ** king bastard , '' i growl , aiming the tip of the knife at his heart . 
 i wonder if i should be aiming for his stomach , but i do n't move . 
 my elbows lock . 
 if he comes at me ... oh god . 
 he talks to me like i 'm a child , too naive to understand his intentions . 
 `` anna , darling , put down the knife and we can talk about this . 
 you obviously ca n't tell , but i would n't let anything happen to you . 
 you 're mine . 
 i intend to keep things that way . '' 
 he steps toward me . 
 lifting his hand , he says , `` give it to me , now . '' 
 i press my body backwards , but hit the cabinets . 
 the draw pulls bite into my bare legs . 
 i 'm pretty sure my robe is hanging open , but ca n't look . 
 i do n't move . 
 edward 's eyes lock with mine . 
 he moves towards me . 
 he 's too close . 
 i jab the knife at him when he 's within an inch of me . 
 edward stops . 
 he lifts his hands like he surrenders . 
 `` anna , please . 
 you know me . 
 you know i would n't hurt you . '' 
 `` then leave . '' 
 my arms are starting the shake , but my hands hold onto the knife like my life depends on it . 
 `` i ca n't do that , '' he growls . 
 `` i ca n't let you continue to act this way . 
 give me the knife or i 'll take it from you . '' 
 `` you 'll have to kill me first - '' edward rolls his eyes , `` you are so damn dramatic . '' 
 he lunges at me . 
 i do n't want to stab him . 
 he 's my best friend 's brother . 
 it makes my arms turn to jelly when he slams into me . 
 i hear him scream , but i do n't know why . 
 edward grabs my wrist , but i do n't let go of the knife . 
 the blade is streaked with crimson . 
 i watch it as edward slams my hand against the counter , forcing me to drop the blade . 
 it clatters as i watch in horror . 
 then , edward reaches to pick it up . 
 my pulse is pounding in my ears . 
 my mind is screaming at me to run , while every muscle in my body is corded tight and bursting with panic . 
 i press myself against the cabinets and slip past him as he twists to grab the knife . 
 i 'm almost out of the tiny kitchen , but edward grabs me . 
 pulling me into his arms , he turns me to face the counter top and presses the knife to my neck . 
 it 's already slick with blood . 
 i suck in air and go still in his arms . 
 if i move , he 'll slice my throat . 
 i know he will . 
 tears roll down my cheeks and i ca n't stop them . 
 edward hisses at me as he slams my head down on the counter . 
 the knife resumes the position , pressed to the side of my throat . 
 i feel his h * ps press against my bottom and feel how much he wants me . 
 i sob , and beg him to stop , but he does n't . 
 i hear the zipper on his jeans slowly open . 
 i try to scream , but ca n't . 
 his weight on my back makes it so i can barely breathe . 
 i babble incoherent pleas as my eyes blur with tears . 
 he does n't answer me . 
 instead i feel my robe being torn away and my legs being forced apart . 
 he presses himself against me , and stays like that for a moment . 
 the feel of him against me makes me want to vomit . 
 my mind flips on again , and i stop begging him to let me go . 
 i sniffle as thoughts fly through my mind . 
 i try to think of any plan to escape , but nothing is within reach . 
 i ca n't hit him . 
 the way he has me pinned is going to make me pass out . 
 i can barely breathe . 
 edward 's arm is crushing me facedown into the counter . 
 his leg is between mine , holding them open and the knife is at the side of my throat . 
 edward 's voice fills with triumph . 
 i feel something warm and slick from him slip onto my side . 
 out of the corner of my eye , i see a trail of red drip from his waist and onto mine . 
 i must have cut him with the knife before . 
 the wound on edward 's side is deep and a steady stream of blood flows from it , but not enough to stop him . 
 `` this is for your own good , anna . '' 
 he sounds like he 's enjoying this . 
 i can almost see the smile on his face . 
 he leans harder on my back and i feel the pressure increase , and all the air is forced out of my lungs . 
 i try to scream , but ca n't . 
 tears overflow from my eyes and soak the counter . 
 i open my mouth and try to yell , but it 's barely a whisper . 
 i tense and close my eyes , not wanting to be here , wishing to god that this is n't happening . 
 i tune out his voice , not wanting to hear his words . 
 he gloats that he 's won , that he knew he 'd have me in the end . 
 i 'm aware of his hands on my body , touching me in ways he should n't , as the world goes fuzzy at the edges . 
 blood pools under my face and gets in my eye . 
 i do n't blink . 
 i do n't writhe . 
 he has me and there is nothing i can do . 
 my heart feels like it has exploded . 
 my body starts to go numb . 
 his hand is on the back of my head holding me to the counter , while he leans harder on my back with his elbow . 
 my arms dangle lifelessly at my sides . 
 if he lets go , i 'll fall to the floor . 
 when he moves his hips , i want to cry , but ca n't . 
 no breath fills my lungs . 
 i sag under him as he gets ready to push into me . 
 just as edward 's about to rape me , the knife disappears . 
 then the arm that 's crushing my ribs is gone and my head falls to the side . 
 i hear his voice-cole-as i slip to the floor . 
 i lay on my side and my eyes flutter open . 
 one is caked with blood and wo n't focus . 
 it is cole . 
 i blink slowly , trying to focus . 
 cole disarmed edward and is beating him . 
 edward is on the floor in front of the refrigerator , covering his face with his hands . 
 he does n't fight back . 
 the knife is lodged in the wall next to the door way . 
 blood drips down the wallpaper in tiny red beads . 
 it takes me a moment to realize what 's happening . 
 it feels like time is moving so slowly . 
 cole 's fist connects with edwards ribs . 
 blood is everywhere-on edward , on cole , and on me . 
 my robe is ripped any laying next to my feet . 
 i want to reach for it . 
 i want to cover myself , but it looks like cole is going to kill edward . 
 every time he punches him , edward 's head slams back into the fridge . 
 blood is flowing from a head wound and from his side where i stabbed him . 
 i push myself up and feel like i 'm going to hurl . 
 before i fall , i catch cole 's arm as he 's about to swing another punch into edward 's battered body . 
 `` stop , '' i manage to choke out . 
 the muscles in cole 's arms bulge . 
 i try to hold cole back , but ca n't . 
 i start to fall , and lean into cole . 
 when he sees me , the expression on his face is filled with fear . 
 `` anna , '' he breathes , pressing his hands to my face . 
 he pulls me to him and kisses my face . 
 `` i thought - '' his voice catches . 
 `` i saw you on the counter , and him on top of you . 
 there was so much blood . 
 i thought he ... '' tears steak my face . 
 i ca n't stand the look in his eyes . 
 i lean against his chest as i speak . 
 `` he did n't ... i 'm okay . 
 he did n't stab me . '' 
 i lean all my weight against cole . 
 after a moment , he supports me so i do n't fall over and pulls back to look at my side . 
 cole presses his fingers against my skin , wiping away the blood . 
 `` i 'm not bleeding . '' 
 before cole has a chance to respond , the door flies open . 
 two cops come in with their weapons drawn . 
 the whole thing looks wrong . 
 it appears that cole is the one who attacked , not edward . 
 they move between us , pulling me away . 
 they give me a blanket and i realize that i 'm shivering , even though i do n't feel cold . 
 they mutter something about shock and call for an ambulance . 
 they move through the apartment quickly and spot edward laying on the floor in a puddle of blood . 
 they sit me on the couch and one officer stays with me . 
 he speaks to me , but i ca n't focus . 
 i pull the blanket tighter . 
 i hear edward 's voice and fear shoots through me in a cold burst . 
 `` miss , '' the officer says again . 
 slowly , i turn my face and look up at him . 
 i squint , trying to focus , `` do you know what happened ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i rasp . 
 everything feels like it 's happening in slow motion . 
 every time i hear edward 's voice from the other room , i crawl out of my skin . 
 the cop watches me squirm on the couch , pulling the blanket tighter to my throat . 
 `` which one of them gave you that bruise on your cheek ? '' 
 i 'm falling apart inside . 
 i ca n't hold myself together much longer . 
 my voice shakes as i speak . 
 `` edward . 
 he hit me . 
 he would n't leave . 
 he tried to ... , '' i choke on the words , but ca n't manage to force them out . 
 i stare unblinking at the kitchen wall . 
 `` cole came and saved me . '' 
 i look at the cop . 
 tears start to flow again and leak out of the corners of my eye . 
 my voice is barely a whisper as i start to shiver uncontrollably . 
 `` i need cole . '' 
 cole has been standing across the room . 
 one cop is watching both of us . 
 they do n't want us talking to each other . 
 cole moves toward me , but the officer shakes his head . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 one more minute . 
 the medics will be here and you can tell us what happened . '' 
 i nod and sadness sticks to my insides like syrup . 
 i feel like i ca n't breathe . 
 cole steps toward me . 
 he 's shaking , probably with rage , but he says nothing to me . 
 cole 's face is pinched . 
 his arms are folded across his chest . 
 blood streaks his shirt with tiny beads splattered on his cheek . 
 he looks older somehow . 
 it 's his eyes . 
 they reflect his fear and it 's all i can do to sit still without shivering . 
 guilt slams into me . 
 i did this . 
 i made this happen . 
 edward did this because i led him on . 
 i had to do something , did n't i ? 
 my eyes sting . 
 i blink and look at my hands as i twist them together . 
 the paramedics arrive and swamp me and edward . 
 they poke me , ask me things that i know-like my name , when i was born , and that kind of thing . 
 then they ask what happened . 
 i glance across the room , but cole has been separated from me . 
 he stands with the officers who arrived earlier with his back turned toward me . 
 cole 's speaking , but his eyes keep cutting across the room to me when he looks over his shoulder . 
 edward 's blood is on cole 's shirt . 
 they probably think cole stabbed edward . 
 `` it was me , '' i croak , trying to speak loudly , but i find that i ca n't . 
 the officers look at me and nod . 
 their eyes say they 've seen this before . 
 one smiles sadly at me and says that everything will be taken care of , to let the medics do their work . 
 cole speaks to me , his voice filled with something that breaks my heart . 
 `` it 's all right , anna . 
 let them look at you . '' 
 the paramedic next to me wants me to open my mouth . 
 they check my throat and offer a rape kit , but i was n't raped . 
 edward did n't get that far . 
 i want them gone , but no one leaves . 
 they ask me what happened . 
 i tell them . 
 my story stays the same , but the guilt is killing me . 
 `` i must have done something , '' i say to one of the medics . 
 `` but i do n't know what . '' 
 the guy is well over six foot and looks like he could carry a walrus up a flight of stairs . 
 anger flashes in his eyes . 
 his voice is firm , but gentle . 
 `` there is nothing , and i mean nothing , that you could have done to make this happen . '' 
 i nod , but i do n't know what i think . 
 cole is hurt . 
 edward is hurt . 
 i 'm hurt . 
 i stabbed emma 's brother . 
 i 'm going to lose my best friend . 
 my head feels hot and then cold . 
 i shiver and the world goes fuzzy . 
 heat travels up my body in a wave and the world goes black . 
 chapter 6 the first thing i notice is the hard bed under my back . 
 my fingers bunch the waffle-weave blanket in my hands . 
 i recognize the texture . 
 between that and the scent of disinfectants , i know where i am . 
 i peel my eyes open and look around the hospital room . 
 i hate hospitals . 
 i blink slowly and the world comes into focus . 
 cole is sitting next to my bed , his arm dangling over the rail , stroking my cheek . 
 `` hey , '' he says , and offers a weak smile . 
 his hand feels so warm . 
 i shiver and want to pull him into the bed with me . 
 i want his arms around me . 
 i want to feel safe , but i 'm too weak to move . 
 `` hey , '' i say back , confused . 
 i do n't know what happened . 
 i do n't remember getting here . 
 cole sees the questions in my eyes and says , `` you went through a lot . 
 they wanted to check to make sure nothing was broken , and then you passed out . 
 nothing 's broken , but you do have a sprained ankle . '' 
 he watches me , his eyes holding mine . 
 i see the remorse in his eyes . 
 he wants to say , i 'm sorry i was n't there . 
 i 'm sorry i could n't protect you . 
 but he did . 
 we both feel guilt that we should n't feel . 
 i wish i could take that away from him . 
 he saved me . 
 i press cole 's palm to my cheek and lean into his hand . 
 `` if you did n't come ... '' i take a deep breath , `` how 'd you know ? '' 
 `` you were late and did n't answer your phone . 
 emma texted and said you were grabbing suit , and that she had to leave you . 
 then , when you did n't show , i thought something was wrong . 
 i raced over there and found him - '' cole 's jaw tenses , and he stops speaking . 
 he works his jaw for a moment and finally says , `` when i saw you , you were n't moving . 
 you were hanging there , limp . 
 there was blood everywhere . 
 my god , anna , i thought he killed you . '' 
 cole 's voice tightens as he speaks . 
 it 's barely audible by the time he 's done . 
 he rubs his hand across my cheek and takes a breath to steady himself . 
 his gaze locks with mine . 
 `` i love you , anna . 
 i thought i lost you . '' 
 `` you did n't , '' i say , my voice still raspy . 
 `` i 'm right here . 
 i 'm not going anywhere , dude . '' 
 i grin at him , but my face hurts . 
 `` stop cracking jokes , lamore . 
 you 've got a couple of stitches in your cheek . 
 you 're not supposed to aggravate it . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` so , i have to ask how you kept my parents away . '' 
 `` there 's no force on earth that could do that . 
 they were here fretting and pacing each other into a hysterical mess . 
 i sent them to the cafeteria to get coffee . 
 they 'll be back in a minute . '' 
 i lean back into the flat plastic pillow and smile at him . 
 it 's a doped-up dreamy kind of smile . 
 `` i love you , cole . '' 
 he opens his mouth to say something , but there 's a knock at the door . 
 the doctor comes in . 
 he speaks to me and explains a few things and is gone again . 
 before he leaves the room , i ask , `` can i go home ? '' 
 i do n't want to stay here a second longer than i need to . 
 the doctor looks back at me and nods . 
 `` as long as you have some help , yes . 
 stay off your feet for a few days until the ankle mends . 
 no strenuous activities . '' 
 his eyes cut to cole when he says it , which makes me blush like my face caught fire . 
 the doctor smiles and says to cole , `` take care of her . '' 
 `` i will , '' cole replies . 
 his blue eyes drift to me and he says , `` i 'll always take care of you . '' 
 _____ things feel different after the attack . 
 i stay at cole 's . 
 he pushes back the court date a week , until i recover . 
 i look like hell . 
 my face has been beaten and is all shades of awesome . 
 my entire body is sore , aching in places i did n't even know i had . 
 cole keeps giving me ice packs and heating pads . 
 i ca n't believe he talked my parents into staying at his place , but he did . 
 i 'm laying on his couch , with a pillow under my head , when emma comes over . 
 she hands cole a huge bouquet of mums for me . 
 they 're so big that i ca n't see her when she walks through the door . 
 when cole takes the flowers from her , em sees me for the first time and gasps . 
 her fingers press to her lips as she mashes them into a thin line . 
 `` you 're not supposed to tell people they look like hell , em . '' 
 i want to smile , but i ca n't . 
 i pull up the blanket and twirl the fringes under my fingers . 
 i 'm worried she 'll hate me . 
 cole assured me that she would n't , but i 'm still worried . 
 i ca n't undo any of this . 
 i wish it never happened . 
 before i can say another word , emma grabs my hands and starts talking . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , anna . 
 i did n't know . 
 i swear to god that i did n't - '' emma ca n't stop apologizing . 
 grief lines her face . 
 cole perches behind her on a stool . 
 he flips through a magazine like he is n't listening , but i know that he is . 
 i cut her off , `` there was no way for you to know . 
 i did n't know . 
 nobody did . '' 
 `` i should have known . 
 he 's my goddamn twin , '' she rubs her eyes with the heel of her hand . 
 emma 's beautiful face is pinched , lining her forehead with wrinkles . 
 `` i should have known . '' 
 i know how she feels . 
 i feel the same way . 
 i do n't know why i did n't see it before , why i kept dismissing the warning signs . 
 they were there , clear as glass , and i ignored them . 
 we both ignored them . 
 cole turns the page of his magazine , and does n't look up . 
 `` his mistakes are his alone . 
 you did n't do this to her , emma . 
 edward did . '' 
 emma turns to him , her mouth hanging open . 
 `` but - '' cole shakes his head , `` but nothing . 
 you had nothing to do with this . 
 from the moment i met you , you 've been nothing but a great friend to anna . '' 
 `` i told her you were creepy . '' 
 `` good , '' he says . 
 `` you were looking out for her . 
 you sure as hell would n't have done this to her . 
 blame the person who actually did it . 
 he 's not the guy you thought he was . 
 blood is strange like that . 
 you 'd think the apple does n't fall far from the tree , but some apples do . 
 they roll so far away that they they 're nothing like the rest of their family . '' 
 cole 's tone is firm . 
 he 's speaking about himself as much as edward . 
 i feel the pain in his voice . 
 i want to throw my arms around him . 
 i hate hearing him speak about his father , but emma needs to hear this , so he says it . 
 `` blood or not-twin or not-he 's not you . '' 
 emma 's eyes fill with tears . 
 it 's what she needs to hear . 
 she looks back at me and says , `` you 're my best friend . 
 you always have been ... '' `` i always will be . '' 
 emma and i share a snot-filled cry . 
 cole left the room at some point after we use an entire box of tissues . 
 emma dabs her dark eyes . 
 `` i 'm not sure if my timing is crap or not , so i 'm just going to tell you . '' 
 she takes a breath and pushes her dark hair over her shoulder . 
 `` i met someone . '' 
 my brows inch up my face . 
 `` really ? 
 who ? '' 
 emma is never serious about anyone , but i can tell in the way her posture shifts , in the way her shoulders shrink in , that this is important to her and she 's afraid of what i 'll think . 
 `` tell me , em . 
 who is he ? '' 
 `` you already know him . '' 
 she presses her lips together for a moment . 
 after taking a deep breath , she says his name . 
 `` jessie . 
 after you two broke up , i saw him . 
 we talked about you for a while , and then ... i do n't know what happened . 
 he irritates the hell out of me , but i like him . 
 a lot . 
 i did n't want to date him until i told you about it , but then this happened and i did n't see you for a while . '' 
 she glances up at me . 
 `` are you mad ? '' 
 i forget myself and smile . 
 `` no , that 's wonderful ! 
 i felt so bad for him . 
 he 's so nice , but cole ... i wanted cole . 
 i 'm happy for you , em . 
 i really am . '' 
 she talks to me for a while longer and tells me about jessie , about why she likes him . 
 she 's so excited that it 's hard not to feel excited , too . 
 then she starts talking about her internship and the paper . 
 `` then we ran this story on sottero . 
 did you see it ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 emma looks around for cole , and leans in , whispering , `` i thought not . 
 apparently , it 's gotten around her social circles that she 's a two-faced bitch thanks to a loud-mouthed intern that quit a little while back . '' 
 she winks at me and smiles , like it 's wonderful . 
 `` her clients do n't want to have anything to do with her . 
 she 's been an icon for years . 
 the article was about how the mighty fall from grace . 
 a few other names were in there too . 
 it was a business piece on the importance of being genuine and remembering where your next paycheck is coming from . 
 it seems that the arrogant fall faster and harder than anyone . 
 i guess the article kind of double-damned her . '' 
 she smiles at me . 
 `` i thought you 'd like that . '' 
 at first , i think i do . 
 i mean , she deserves whatever bad things come her way . 
 the woman is vile , but ... em 's jaw drops , but she snaps it shut , `` oh my god . 
 you 're too good . 
 how could you not be happy that she got hers ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe my brain is broken , but i ca n't take joy in someone else 's misery , even if it is sottero 's . '' 
 cole 's voice cuts through the room , `` and that 's why i love you . '' 
 he walks up behind me and kisses the top of my head . 
 `` yeah , '' emma protests , `` but sottero had it coming . 
 you ca n't be a heinous bitch for two decades and not have it come back to bite you on the ass . 
 besides , she dropped the lawsuit , right ? '' 
 cole shakes his head , `` no , she did n't . '' 
 emma 's jaw drops as her eyes widen . 
 `` what ? 
 is she insane ? '' 
 `` she 's playing the victim , em . '' 
 i say . 
 `` if she gets the press to portray her in that light , then it makes sense why she 's been so bitter and f ** ked-up over the years . 
 all will be forgiven . 
 kiss , kiss and all that . '' 
 `` no , '' em replies , looking shocked . 
 `` you think that 's her goal ? '' 
 `` i have no clue what her goal is , '' cole mutters . 
 `` she 's sophia . 
 this is typical sophia . '' 
 i shake my head , `` it does n't seem like she wants money . 
 she has plenty of that ... '' cole says , `` revenge . 
 that 's what she wants . 
 she wants to rip out my guts , the way i ripped out hers . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` she thought i was loaded . 
 she felt duped , anna . 
 sophia was slightly off-balance before , but now , with the papers running stories about her-she 's like a rabid dog jumping at my throat . '' 
 `` sorry , '' em says and shrinks back into the couch next to me , obviously feeling somewhat responsible for the increase in sophia 's crazy levels . 
 cole says , `` it 's not your fault . 
 it 's your job . 
 besides , sophia made her decisions and i made mine . '' 
 cole shifts his weight . 
 he looks at me for half a beat and then his eyes shift back to em . 
 `` how would you like to run a story for me ? '' 
 em 's dark eyebrow lifts . 
 he 's caught her attention . 
 `` what 'd you have in mind ? '' 
 chapter 7 my parents insist on checking in with me so frequently that my eye twitches . 
 my cell rings and i pick it up . 
 `` i 'm still fine , ma . 
 cole 's taking good care of me . '' 
 `` thank god ! '' 
 she blares into the phone . 
 i pull it back from ear a little , so i do n't go deaf . 
 ma is one of those people who talks louder on a cell phone . 
 she acts like it 's a tin can on a string and practically screams into the thing . 
 `` i 'm having palpitations out here worrying about you . 
 i ca n't stand you living so far away . 
 come home , anna . 
 your old room is - '' i groan , `` ma , i 'm fine . 
 really . 
 and what happened could have happened anywhere . 
 it 's not like the whole stalker thing was random . 
 he went to your house for chrissakes . 
 he seemed sane to you , too . '' 
 i should n't have said it . 
 reminding her of her conversation with edward is like a kick to the gut . 
 apparently his obsession with me was worse than anyone thought . 
 when the police starting questioning my family , my ma recognized him . 
 ma 's voice shrinks back to a muffle . 
 `` i did n't know , honey . 
 i swear to god , i had no idea that he - '' i cut her off , `` that 's the point . 
 nobody knew and it could have happened anywhere . 
 i 'm safe here , ma . 
 i 'll be at cole 's for a few more days and then i 'll move back in with emma . '' 
 i do n't pull the phone back in time for the wave of tyrannical threats that spew from the tiny speaker . 
 i open my mouth to respond , but cole snatches the phone from my hand . 
 he speaks over ma , `` anna 's not going anywhere , mrs. lamore . '' 
 he says it so calmly , so certainly . 
 i c * ck my head at him and feel extra stubborn . 
 i do n't doubt for a second that he thinks i 'm staying here indefinitely , but i feel like i need to get on with my life . 
 it feels like i 'm hiding here . 
 i can still hear ma yelling back , `` she better not ! '' 
 `` i assure you , she is staying here with me , and if she insists on leaving , i will deposit her on your doorstep . 
 she 's not going anywhere alone until edward is behind bars . 
 you have my word on that . '' 
 edward 's out on bail , which is why things are kind of hard right now . 
 no one wants to leave me alone so that he can take another go at me . 
 ma 's voice lowers and i ca n't make out what she 's saying . 
 cole avoids my angry gaze until he hangs up . 
 cole sighs and hands me back my phone . 
 `` when were you going to tell me this marvelous plan ? '' 
 i squirm on the couch and pull my knees into my chest . 
 `` never . '' 
 i knew he would n't like it . 
 `` i thought so . '' 
 he sits down next to me . 
 `` you can do anything you want , but it 's so far from smart that i ca n't let you go back there . 
 he 's out on bail . 
 edward could come after you again . '' 
 `` he wo n't '' i say , staring straight ahead . 
 `` you do n't know that . '' 
 `` cole , '' i take a breath , and look at him . 
 `` i do n't want to hide for the rest of my life . 
 i want to get on with things and that means going back to normal . '' 
 `` what if normal where here , with me ? '' 
 his eyes are like twin gems , deep and clear . 
 his voice is so sincere , so loving . 
 cole has n't mentioned the proposal since that night . 
 too many things happened . 
 my lips tug into a small smile . 
 i lean my head against his shoulder . 
 `` tell me what that would look like . 
 things are changing right now . 
 i do n't even know what tomorrow will be like and neither do you . 
 it makes it hard to dream right now . '' 
 his arms wrap around me . 
 `` all i do is dream , right now . 
 i dream about having you in my bed every night and seeing your beautiful face every morning . 
 i dream about that lawsuit vanishing and having that part of my life over . 
 i dream of being someone else 's son , with someone else 's name ... '' he strokes my hair as i listen to him . 
 he breathes , `` all i do is dream . 
 i 'm living in a fantasy world as long as you 're next to me . 
 i ca n't stand the thought of you leaving . '' 
 silence fills the room . 
 it 's not the awkward kind , it 's the peaceful kind . 
 cole wraps his arms around me tighter and holds me like that for a second . 
 when he moves to release me and get up , i stop him . 
 my fingers brush his forearms and press him against me . 
 `` hope is important , cole . 
 do n't feel bad about that . 
 as for your name , have you thought about what you want to change it to ? '' 
 he looks down at me and smiles . 
 `` dude . 
 you inspired me and i had to pick that one . 
 people can call me mr. dude , the artist . '' 
 i laugh way too loud and smack his arm . 
 `` you ca n't change your last name to dude ! 
 besides , if i said yes , that 'd make me mrs. dude and i am so not doing that . '' 
 cole grins . 
 he sits and pulls me onto his lap . 
 i turn to face him . 
 his face is a breath from mine . 
 `` oh ? 
 so you 've thought about that a little bit , have you ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` a little bit . '' 
 my heart is pounding . 
 `` and that 's the only conclusion you 've made ? '' 
 `` it 's a pretty good conclusion , right ? 
 there 's no way in hell people are going to call me anna dude . '' 
 i laugh and he smiles . 
 it makes the corners of his eyes crinkle the way i iove . 
 `` so , then what would you have me do ? '' 
 `` pick a name that suits you , one that makes sense , and that you 'd be happy to have . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure there is a name like that , anna . '' 
 i want to smile , but i try to hide it . 
 taking his face in my hands , i say , `` lamore . '' 
 i swallow hard , letting the idea sink in . 
 i take a breath . 
 the feeling that i 'm falling wo n't hush . 
 my stomach is in my throat . 
 `` i do n't know what tomorrow will bring , but i know i want you in my life . 
 i like my last name and what it stands for . 
 lamore 's think love is worth fighting for , that love is worth more than life , that - '' he cuts me off with a kiss . 
 cole 's lips press hard against mine and he pulls away grinning . 
 `` i would love to take your name . 
 wedding or not . '' 
 he 's not certain that i 've accepted his proposal . 
 `` oh , there 'll be a wedding . 
 i thought i had to know everything before i got married . 
 i thought that my life was going to be laid out for me , that i 'd go to college , graduate , get a job , get married , have kids-in that order-but it did n't happen like that . 
 i do n't have much , but what 's mine is yours ... '' he 's still quiet , watching me . 
 i want to choke or run or jump out the window . 
 i blabber on , adding , `` if you still want me . '' 
 cole 's eyes remain locked on mine . 
 without a word he stands up , with me on his lap . 
 i scream as he chucks me in the air and catches me . 
 he makes a very loud , happy , sound that almost sounds like a whoop , and whirls around with me in his arms , spinning in circles . 
 we both laugh and scream . 
 i cling to his chest and close my eyes , but it does n't stop the joy from bursting like fireworks inside of me . 
 by the time he falls onto the couch , my face hurts from smiling so hard . 
 i giggle , `` mr. lamore , you 're going to be a handful . '' 
 `` likewise , mrs. lamore . '' 
 chapter 8 `` are you sure that you want me to run this , cole ? 
 it kind of sets things in stone . '' 
 he nods , his dark hair falling forward as he moves . 
 `` it 's a warning shot . 
 she needs to see it coming . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` sottero ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` she thinks that i wo n't fight back because i never have , because i 'll lose my name . 
 she knows my past and what that f ** king name cost me . '' 
 he glances up at emma . 
 `` sorry - '' `` do n't apologize to me . 
 i swear like a sailor . 
 anna made me tone it down so i do n't offend her virgin ears . '' 
 emma flips her dark curtain of silky hair over her shoulder . 
 somehow she always manages to have this sleek look that could make a pantene model jealous . 
 my face flames red , `` my ears are not virgins . '' 
 i hiss , and then realize it sounds weird and grin rather stupidly . 
 cole 's eyebrow lifts , `` we 'll need to discuss that later , miss lamore . '' 
 i smack his arm . 
 we 're sitting in emma 's apartment . 
 it 's the first time that i 've been back home since the day edward attacked me . 
 em cleaned the place up . 
 there 's no blood , but the smells and the way the light cuts through the blinds is identical . 
 i 'm glad cole did n't want me to stay here . 
 i think i wanted to do it to prove a point-that edward did n't break my brain , that i 'm not afraid . 
 the thing is , i am , but the fear has changed . 
 i know who he is and what he was doing now . 
 instead of feeling the choking panic , i feel jittery and stressed . 
 it 's like a nightmare that surfaces during daylight , even though it was scary when it happened , in the light of day the cold tentacles of fear are still laced around my throat . 
 i shiver and cole pulls me closer to him . 
 we are sitting at the breakfast bar and em is across from us on the couch . 
 emma ignores our banter . 
 `` well , if you 're sure . 
 once the article is submitted , i ca n't take it back . 
 that 's all i 'm saying . '' 
 she waits , watching cole . 
 `` do it . '' 
 the article is short . 
 it mentions that famed photographer cole stevens is changing his last name . 
 while it might seem like a public interest story to everyone else , to sophia it 's a bomb . 
 it 's telling her to drop her lawsuit , that cole is going to fight back , and that she will lose . 
 it 's a very gentle , tactful way to warn her to back down . 
 he surprises me with that , especially since sophia is so vicious . 
 _____ the article runs the day before the rescheduled hearing . 
 i lift the paper and am surprised at the prominent location . 
 the article is small , but sottero v. stevens has been in the papers on and off for a while now . 
 i suppose that 's good , that there 's no way she 'll miss it . 
 cole sees me sitting on the couch with the paper . 
 he has a cup of coffee in his hand . 
 he lifts it to his lips and sips it slowly before asking , `` well ? 
 do you think that was worth doing ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 sophia seems kind of crazy . 
 no one else will know what this means , but she will . '' 
 i twiddle the edge of the paper between my fingers and look over it at him . 
 `` what do you want her to do , exactly ? '' 
 cole takes a deep breath and sits at the table . 
 the open floorplan makes it feel like he 's not that far away . 
 the living room bumps up against the dining room , and the couch where i 'm sitting is positioned in between . 
 `` i want her to drop the lawsuit , but i do n't think that 'll happen . '' 
 he looks at the black liquid in his mug . 
 `` ya know , i ca n't help but notice that you did n't accept my proposal until after it was confirmed that i 'd lose everything . '' 
 he looks up at me . 
 `` i was n't going to fight back , they seized my assets , and i lost many of my clients , and then you decided to stick around . '' 
 he sounds like he ca n't believe it . 
 he looks at me from under his brow , the steaming cup in his hand . 
 his tone worries me . 
 it makes my stomach clench and twist . 
 `` money does n't matter to me , cole . 
 you have to know that by now . 
 all my life , it 's been this poison hanging over my head . 
 i take what i need and nothing more . '' 
 i shrug away the defensive feeling that 's coming over me . 
 `` i just do n't want it . '' 
 `` you 're afraid of it . '' 
 `` maybe , '' i say honestly . 
 `` there 's a duality with money , like you can chose to have money or love , but you ca n't have both . 
 they negate each other , or at least it seems that way to me . 
 so yeah , maybe your money terrifies me a little bit . '' 
 i look up at him . 
 the expression in his dark eyes is difficult to read . 
 i ca n't tell if i offended or amazed him . 
 funny how those look so similar sometimes . 
 cole 's eyes lower . 
 he looks at his mug as he speaks . 
 `` that 's part of the reason why i did n't fight back with sottero . 
 i really did n't want to . 
 i thought i was being like my father , crushing a woman i already shattered . 
 i never told sophia that i was disinherited before i proposed to her . 
 i could n't , and she had no idea . 
 it hit her like a train . 
 the ring was n't even taken out of the box . 
 she slapped it from my hand , put it under her car , and ran it over . 
 the look she gave me , anna-damn-for the longest time i thought i deserved whatever she threw my way . 
 my fortune , all of it was made because she inspired me in the first place . '' 
 a string of images form in my mind . 
 a young cole returning from the army , wearing that uniform . 
 the tiffany 's box that was battered and locked in his safe . 
 i blink these things away . 
 they 're his ghosts and i wish they did n't haunt him , but they do . 
 i 'm quiet for a moment and then something he 'd said to me clicks into place . 
 he owes her . 
 he said it . 
 he thinks that he 's indebted to her in a way he ca n't repay . 
 my mouth hangs open for a second and i think i understand . 
 `` she gave you your camera ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` after i came back from the military , i was listless . 
 i had nothing to do and nowhere to live . 
 sophia thought that i was on an international vacation for four years . 
 i did n't correct her . 
 i could n't . 
 she thought that i had no job because of my status , that i was a playboy like the papers made me out to be . '' 
 his eyes flick up to me . 
 `` maybe i should n't be talking about this , but i wanted you to know how i felt about it . 
 i deserved what i got from sophia , as far as i was concerned . 
 i did f ** k her over , in a manner of speaking . 
 and the gag on speaking about the agreement to use my name and my disownment made it so i could n't respond . 
 i deserve this anna . '' 
 the way he says it makes my heart ache . 
 i slip off the couch and hobble over to him . 
 cole 's eyes seek mine , looking for answers that he ca n't find . 
 i sit in the chair next to him and take his hands in mine . 
 `` listen , i do n't pretend to know what 's right and what 's wrong here . 
 i hear the guilt in your voice when you talk about her , but cole , i just do n't see it . 
 even if you led her on to think you were still the heir-which i do n't think you did-it 's been twenty years . 
 she should have let it go by now . 
 even if she was burned , it 's unthinkable to stay mad this long . '' 
 `` i thought she loved me , anna , '' he says , but i can hear it . 
 he means , will you leave me , too ? 
 have i deceived you so gravely that you 'll crush me as well ? 
 the thread of insecurity is just that , a tiny string that tugs at cole 's past and connects to his present . 
 i want to snap it . 
 i want to cut that thread and let things fall where they may . 
 `` there 's nowhere i 'd rather be right now , than here with you . 
 i 'm not going anywhere . 
 and if there 's ever a time that we have too much money , that it 's getting between us , we 'll fix it . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` we 'll give it away . 
 cole , this is about us , now . 
 i 'm not sophia . 
 i want you for you-all of your kinky , sophisticated , sexy self-i want you . 
 nothing will ever change my mind . 
 you think i 'd share my name with just anyone ? '' 
 i grin at him . 
 `` you 're too good for me . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` i 'd say the same thing about you . 
 apparently we both make each other better . 
 is n't that what love is all about ? 
 it seems we stumbled on the fairytale without even trying . '' 
 cole smiles at me and something changes . 
 i hear it in his voice when he speaks , `` so , how far do you want to push this lawsuit ? 
 you want to just get her to back off or what ? '' 
 `` sophia 's reputation is hanging by a thread . 
 i think that 'll do the most damage , if you want to do damage . '' 
 i think about sophia and how horrible she is , how incredible arrogant and bitchy she acts . 
 her clients are leaving her . 
 they ca n't get away fast enough . 
 one spark will ruin what she has left . 
 `` let 's see where we stand tomorrow and decide from there . '' 
 cole puts his coffee down and pulls me onto his lap . 
 he kisses the side of my face , and then holds me tight . 
 i love every second of it . 
 chapter 9 `` miss lamore , you mean to tell me that you have never seen any photographs or negatives of my client , ms. sottero , wearing this ring ? '' 
 the lawyer is as nasty as sophia . 
 she 's a middle-aged lady with her dark blonde hair tied in a tight chignon at the base of her neck . 
 her gray suit fits her bean-pole body like a glove . 
 i shake my head and repeat myself , `` no . 
 i told you already . '' 
 cole 's lawyer told me not to lie on the stand and i 'm not . 
 i did n't see sophia in any recognizable state , on a photograph or negative wearing that ring . 
 i saw a nak * d chick on canvas wearing that ring . 
 the lawyer is exasperated . 
 she comes at me again , her perfect face cracking with lines of fury . 
 she presses her palms together . 
 i look at the judge for a second , but he seems bored . 
 the old guy is looking at something in front of him . 
 i wonder what it is before i look back at blondie . 
 `` miss lamore . 
 may i remind you that you are under oath ? '' 
 `` you already have . '' 
 `` then , i must ask you to tell the truth . 
 for the last time , did you or did you not see this ring in a photograph or negative of sophia sottero while you were in cole steven 's apartment ? '' 
 blondie presses her pointer fingers to her lips and stares at me . 
 if her eyes had lasers , i 'd be dead . 
 `` no , '' i say fervently , `` i did not . '' 
 i look to my lawyer who squashes blondie 's next needling of me since my answer is still no . 
 `` very well , miss lamore . 
 do you care to tell me how or why you recognized the ring my client was wearing the day you quit your internship at sottero ? '' 
 `` why does this matter ? '' 
 i blurt out . 
 blondie opens her mouth to speak , but cole 's lawyer is on her feet . 
 they quibble back and forth and eventually cole 's lawyer wins . 
 i glance at sophia . 
 she looks mortified . 
 i assume that cole does n't let his lawyer off the leash , ever . 
 `` enough , '' the judge utters . 
 `` if you have no further questions of this witness , that pertain to this case , she may be excused . '' 
 blondie bites her lip and returns to her seat . 
 the judge hurries me off . 
 i leave the stand and exit the courtroom . 
 reporters are n't allowed near the courtroom , but they are close enough to snap pictures of me as i walk out . 
 ignoring them , i turn and walk the other way . 
 my heart is thumping . 
 i 'm lucky she did n't ask the questions differently . 
 sottero must have thought i saw something else . 
 maybe she does n't know her photographs are paintings ? 
 i think about things as i stroll through the halls . 
 i do n't know how much time has passed , but i 'm aware that i lapped the building as i approach the ladies room . 
 i do n't know how much longer cole will be in there today . 
 i walk into the ladies room to check my make-up . 
 my eyes itch like crazy . 
 the building has that old musty scent that makes my eyes water . 
 i stand in front of the mirror trying to rub my eyes without messing up my eyeliner and mascara . 
 i give up and rub like crazy , smearing one eye . 
 after it stops tearing , i take a few things from my purse , intending on fixing it when i hear sophia 's voice behind me . 
 `` i ca n't believe you perjured yourself for him . '' 
 her voice is flat , but i know she 's livid . 
 sophia is n't supposed to talk to me , but she does n't seem to care . 
 `` i know you saw that ring in those portraits . '' 
 i turn to her , half my face rubbed clean of make-up . 
 `` why do you even care ? 
 it 's not like ... '' those pictures matter anymore . 
 i pause . 
 it is like that . 
 she wants those pictures . 
 `` is that what this is about ? 
 is that why you 're trying to seize all of his property , for those pictures ? '' 
 her dark eyes meet mine and do n't stray . 
 `` i 'll hang you for this . 
 every single person of importance in manhattan will believe whatever i tell them about you . 
 it was bad enough when your hysterical boyfriend came to me about your relationship with cole and i called the dean . 
 i thought he was using you . 
 i did n't realize you were so devious , anna dear . '' 
 rage shots through me . 
 she did that ? 
 sophia called the dean and cost me my internship . 
 i want to slap edward . 
 he completely f ** ked up my life . 
 was there someone he did n't talk to ? 
 furious , i hiss , `` devious ? 
 what is it that i was trying to do ? 
 bed a man you broke ? '' 
 she laughs , `` as if anyone could break that man 's heart . 
 he does n't have one , anna . 
 why do you think i 'm standing here ? '' 
 `` because you 're a money grubbing bitch . '' 
 she snarls , `` he took everything from me . 
 he 'll do the same to you . '' 
 `` if you think that i 'm listening to you again , you 're mistaken . 
 i only do stupid once per person . 
 sorry , you used your turn already . '' 
 sophia 's eyes burn a hole in my face . 
 `` what will it take ? 
 a cut ? 
 you want his money ? 
 fine . 
 consider it done . 
 i 've spent the past twenty years trying to erase that man and he wo n't surrender the only thing i want . '' 
 i stare at her . 
 `` cole 's changing his name . 
 there 's nothing stopping him from crushing you . 
 he 's not going to let you win . 
 not this time . '' 
 i toss my make-up back into my purse , and turn for the door . 
 sophia grabs my elbow . 
 i jerk to a stop . 
 when i turn back to look at her , she 's in my face . 
 `` those pictures will destroy me . 
 i built my name around being opposed to trash like that . 
 i ca n't be seen modeling in one of cole 's risque pieces . 
 find it , give it to me , and this is over . '' 
 i yank my arm back . 
 `` being a two-faced bitch is your own damn fault . 
 if people find out , good for them . '' 
 chapter 10 i 'm sitting with cole . 
 we are at his favorite restaurant for dinner . 
 it 's quiet tonight . 
 there are a scattering of people at the tables around us . 
 they lean in close and speak softly . 
 the candlelight flickers between us , highlighting his beautiful face . 
 i 'm wearing a little black dress with my glittering chucks . 
 it earned us strange looks when we walked in , but my foot is still swollen . 
 when i hobbled , holding onto cole 's arm , to our table , the waiter made that ah-ha face . 
 no one appreciates juxtaposition in attire , except hobos and artists . 
 cole smiles at me . 
 after we 're seated , i look at my hands and then back up at his face . 
 `` i know we said we would n't talk about court tonight , but i need to tell you something . '' 
 i have n't seen cole since this afternoon . 
 i did n't get to tell him what transpired between me and sophia . 
 `` it 's the paintings . 
 she wants them . '' 
 he has a wine glass in his hand . 
 he stops , mid-sip , and his mouth falls open . 
 he chokes out the words , `` what ? 
 why would she ... ? '' 
 he falls quiet and then nods , placing his glass back on the table . 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` i ca n't believe this . 
 all this time , she wanted those pictures . 
 is that what she 's been after ? '' 
 `` cole , i do n't understand why she even wants them . 
 it 's not like anyone would know it was her . 
 they were taken twenty years ago . 
 not to be mean , but she does n't look the same anymore and with her anti-smut campaign , no one would think it was her anyway . '' 
 cole smiles softly , shaking his head . 
 his dark hair moves like it 's caught in a breeze . 
 i want to run my fingers through his hair and tug . 
 however , i manage to remain in my seat and keep my hands to myself . 
 he explains , `` the original images showed her face . 
 when i processed them and put them onto canvas , i altered the pictures to what you saw . 
 they were supposed to be a wedding gift . '' 
 he smiles sheepishly . 
 `` yeah , i stopped planning ahead after that . 
 anyway , sophia never saw the images , but she knows what we shot . 
 what you saw , well , those were n't the original crop lines . 
 sophia does n't know what i have or what i do n't - she 's guessing-and after you mentioned that ring , she thinks you saw the portraits and assumed the worst . '' 
 an idea bumps around in my mind like a ping pong ball . 
 it jumps back and forth , forming a cohesive plan . 
 it pulls a smile across my lips . 
 i lean forward and rub my palms together like an evil villain . 
 `` you want to freak her out and shut her up at the same time ? '' 
 `` you 're eyes are glittering in a savage , blood-thirsty way , lamore . 
 you 're a little bit scary right now . '' 
 cole smirks as he says it . 
 his foot gently brushes my good ankle and he winks at me . 
 i smile back . 
 `` what if you did a gallery show with those portraits-the version you showed me-as the center pieces ? 
 the unseen , early work of cole stevens . 
 it could be the last show you do before you change your name . 
 we could hype the hell out of it . 
 people would swamp to it , including the media . 
 sottero would wet herself , until she shows up and sees what you did , which is spectacular by the way . '' 
 i grin at him and tap my fingertips together . 
 maybe it 's not diabolical , but it would get rid of her . 
 plus , it gives the world a glimpse of the cole that i think is utterly fantastic . 
 `` maybe she 'll buy them all . 
 it 's the only way to make sure no one sees them again . '' 
 cole stares at me . 
 i ca n't tell what he thinks . 
 sometimes i wonder if he was made without a revenge bone . 
 i think i have two . 
 they 're both pretty small and weak , but when put together , they can be kick ass . 
 besides , sophia needs to get over herself . 
 she needs to see that she 's a hypocritical idiot . 
 i know she 'll love those paintings , as much as i know she never saw them . 
 `` when ? '' 
 he finally asks . 
 the waiter comes by with our order . 
 the food smells heavenly . 
 after the waiter leaves , i say , `` this weekend . 
 it gives us a few days to pull things together . 
 i can alert em and she can tell the rest of the news people . 
 i 'm not sure about the gallery ... '' `` i can handle that , '' he says cutting into a huge steak . 
 `` and i want to design the invitations , '' i 'm giddy , bouncing up and down in my seat . 
 i know exactly what i 'll do . 
 i 'll use the left side of the purple painting that shows the curves of her waist and chest , but nothing else . 
 they 'll be elegant , black and white , with a touch of purple . 
 the invitation will be written on sheer rice paper , and attached on top of the gallery image with a purple ribbon . 
 sophia will recognize it , but no one else will . 
 `` remind me never to cross you , '' cole mutters , looking up at me . 
 `` dude , it 's been twenty years . 
 it 's time for sophia to learn her lesson already . '' 
 chapter 11 the gallery is chic . 
 that 's the only way to describe it . 
 the walls stretch up into a dark copper ceiling . 
 the foyer walls are done in midnight blue with thick , flocked wallpaper that makes me want to reach out and touch the velvet . 
 the color combination makes the place feel warm and posh . 
 the way the light bounces softly on the ceiling gives the illusion of candlelight , but without the flicker . 
 once inside , there is a myriad of walls with different pieces of cole 's work hanging on each one . 
 a single spotlight accents his art . 
 the series of works of sottero line the center of the room . 
 they stand out against gray walls , drawing the eye around the room . 
 the entire show is breathtaking . 
 as cole leads me through the rooms , we enter the back wing . 
 i stop short . 
 there is a portrait of me-an image that was not in the lefemme box . 
 it 's a painting of me with angel wings made from paint and seemingly random objects . 
 the exposure is perfect . 
 my skin has a silky glow and is perfectly smooth . 
 a piece of silk covers part of my chest , while crystals cover the rest of my nak * d self . 
 my hair is blowing and i look completely and totally awesome . 
 if someone thought i 'm a goddess , that 's what it would look like . 
 it is standing in a back corner , set apart from the rest . 
 the entire show has a somber feel , like the artist feels lost . 
 looking at the rest of the pieces has a calming effect , but this one is different than the rest . 
 it screams of hope and happiness . 
 it does n't belong . 
 `` cole , this should n't be here . '' 
 i say , turning to him with my heart racing a mile a minute . 
 `` i should have asked you . 
 i understand if you do n't want anyone else to see it - '' i take his arm , stopping him midsentence , and turn him toward me . 
 cole thinks i 'm too prude to let him show it . 
 `` that 's not it , cole . 
 you can leave it up if you want , but it does n't blend with the rest of the show . 
 those works out there are all melancholy and pensive . 
 this one ... '' i do n't know how to compare it . 
 there is no comparison . 
 the front of the show is all tortured artist , and this is happy dude . 
 the only speck of black on the canvas is a crow that 's in the tippie top of one of my wings . 
 there are other things too , objects that mean something to me or us ; a yellow sneaker , a tutu , a red ribbon . 
 i ca n't help but smile when i look at it , and i want his last show to be amazing . 
 this is so different that i do n't know people will say . 
 cole pulls me to him , wrapping his arms around my waist . 
 `` it 's perfect . 
 it 's everything i was missing , everything that 's important to me , now . '' 
 he kisses my cheek lightly , searing my skin . 
 my knees feel like jelly for a second and i lock them so i do n't fall over . 
 i smile at him shyly . 
 he says , `` i have something for you . '' 
 cole releases me and pulls a black box out of his pocket . 
 my eyes grow wide and i glance between his face and the ring box-that is totally a ring box . 
 `` you 're the only woman who would accept a proposal without a ring . '' 
 he grins and cracks open the lid . 
 inside is the most beautiful ring that i 've ever seen . 
 it 's not a traditional engagement ring . 
 there 's no single diamond set on prongs . 
 instead it 's a glittering blue stone the color of cole 's eyes , set in white gold . 
 it 's so simple and sophisticated at the same time . 
 my hands cover my mouth as i gasp . 
 i do n't know why i 'm shocked , but i am . 
 i 'm shaking too much to move . 
 cole reaches for my left hand . 
 he pulls the ring from the box and slips it on my finger . 
 it fits perfectly . 
 i smile , stunned into silence before throwing my arms around his neck and kissing his face over and over again . 
 `` it 's beautiful . '' 
 i breathe after we part . 
 `` it 's a diamond . 
 i saw the color and that setting , and knew it was perfect for you , my beautiful bride . '' 
 cole leans close to my ear and presses his lips to my neck . 
 someone says , `` ah-hem , '' and cole pulls away from me with a wicked smile on his face . 
 `` this is the infamous anna , i assume ? '' 
 cole nods . 
 `` frederick , may i introduce my bride-to-be , anna lamore . '' 
 fredrick extends a dainty hand toward me . 
 he 's five foot nothing with wavy black hair and tanned skin . 
 his dark eyes glitter like he 's stealing a cookie . 
 i smile at him as we shake . 
 `` anna , this is frederick supoe , the gallery owner . '' 
 `` it 's nice to meet you , '' i say . 
 `` thank you for arranging this show so quickly for cole . '' 
 `` cole and i go way back . 
 there 's nothing that pleases me more . 
 he never shows certain works and i can tell from looking around that this is indeed the lost works of a lost man . '' 
 frederick folds his arms over his narrow chest and moves towards the painting of me . 
 he taps his front tooth and then points to the bright painting , `` except this one . 
 this one is the most brilliant . '' 
 frederick stares at it like he 's awestruck . 
 i do n't understand . 
 i step next to frederick . 
 we 're nearly the same height . 
 i glance at him . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he does n't look at me . 
 instead he continues to gaze at the canvas . 
 `` any man can be lost . 
 any man can capture that emotion in film or paint , but it takes a much more to pull up from the ashes and start again . 
 that 's what this says to me . 
 it says we have a new cole . 
 the piece is symbolic of his new name , of his new life . 
 the front rooms are filled with the secrets of his past , but this-this is his future . '' 
 frederick turns and looks at me . 
 `` you 're an impressive woman , miss lamore . 
 i hope you 'll consider putting on a show here . '' 
 i 'm flabbergasted . 
 i open my mouth , but nothing comes out . 
 supoe 's gallery is the finest in the city . 
 when i make a squawking sound , cole answers for me , `` she would love to . '' 
 `` i 'll be expecting it . '' 
 he winks at me before walking to the front of the gallery . 
 it 's nearly time to open . 
 i want to jump up and down . 
 glee spreads across my face . 
 cole takes me in his arms and swings me around . 
 cole and i laugh as we whirl in a circle . 
 i 've never seen him so happy . 
 chapter 12 emma arrives about half way through the show . 
 the gallery is packed with people . 
 she moves through , asking them questions and smiling . 
 periodically , the guy from the paper with the camera snaps a picture and they move on to the next person . 
 i remain in the front , away from my canvas . 
 i want the limelight on cole . 
 besides , sottero has yet to show her face . 
 i would have thought that she 'd arrive before anyone and snatch the pieces of her up . 
 i sit on a black bench in the center of the room . 
 people move around me . 
 i can hear them whispering about cole 's work , about how he 's one of the most talented artists in new york . 
 i 'm happy for him . 
 i ca n't stop smiling . 
 i do n't notice her until she 's standing next to me . 
 `` anna , dear . '' 
 her voice is curt . 
 sophia sottero stands rigidly at my side . 
 she 's dressed in her normal pristine suit . 
 there is n't a wrinkle on the entire thing . 
 i do n't stand up . 
 `` sophia . '' 
 she does n't look at me . 
 her gaze is on the wall . 
 sophia 's eyes rake the paintings . 
 her body twitches with tension . 
 `` this was your doing . '' 
 `` maybe , '' i confess , and stare straight ahead as i cross my ankles . 
 `` is this because i helped the man who tried to rape you ? '' 
 my eyes cut to the side . 
 i glance up at her face . 
 a million emotions rage through my body . 
 she mentioned that during her rant the other day . 
 `` no , but thanks for that . 
 getting raped is every girl 's dream . 
 you basically pushed me straight into him . '' 
 her spine straightens more , if that 's possible . 
 `` i did n't know . '' 
 `` that 's a pretty lame apology . '' 
 i do n't expect her to stay here chatting me up . 
 she looks like she wants to slash the paintings and break every piece of glass in the place . 
 sophia swallows hard , still keeping her chin high . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 sophia does n't blink . 
 her voice retains that hard tone she always has , but i can tell she means it . 
 i say nothing because there 's nothing to say , so i nod . 
 she stands next to me for a few moments longer before saying , `` you knew these were n't full nudes . '' 
 `` and you did n't . '' 
 sophia does n't respond . 
 i add , `` nice way to try and get them-accusing a guy of molesting you and then trying to take all of his stuff when you notice he wo n't fight back-that he ca n't fight back . 
 if you asked , i 'm fairly certain that cole would have given them to you . '' 
 she takes a breath , but does n't look at me . 
 `` things did n't work like that , then . 
 these pictures would have ruined me ... '' `` if they were dirty like you thought , if cole was the sleaze you made him out to be , but he 's not and these are most definitely art . 
 the only thing i find objectionable is the model . 
 i heard she 's a real bitch . '' 
 sophia looks down at me . 
 `` well spoken . '' 
 i stand and step in front of her . 
 sophia 's dark eyes meet mine . 
 `` what are you going to do now ? 
 i heard you lost half your client base and the ones you retained hate your guts , but did n't want to lose their retainer fees . '' 
 my brow lifts as i speak . 
 i tilt my head to the side and fold my arms over my chest . 
 `` incidentally , most of your staff showed up tonight and asked cole for employment-the interns , too . 
 it seems that you 've shot your studio in the head . '' 
 `` perhaps i did . '' 
 she does n't fight . 
 it irritates me . 
 sophia has vinegar running through her veins . 
 she 's as nasty as they come . 
 this attitude is like her , but the comments are not . 
 she turns and looks at the blue painting and says , `` where is cole ? '' 
 cole must have been watching us , because he steps up behind her and says , `` i 'm right here , ms. sottero . '' 
 sophia turns . 
 she looks at cole with fear in her eyes . 
 `` this is all that remains of that shoot , is n't it ? '' 
 `` it is . '' 
 `` i never believed you were capable of something like this . 
 i thought everything with you would be panties and bare skin . '' 
 she looks at him for a second . 
 `` apparently i was wrong and you have a very fearsome way of demonstrating that . '' 
 `` you forced my hand , sophia . 
 i would have left them unseen . 
 i would have let things go , but you held onto the past so damn hard . 
 it was n't good enough to part ways . 
 you had to destroy everything you touched . '' 
 `` and yet , i did n't destroy you . '' 
 she sniffles a sad laugh , `` it 's quite the opposite , really . 
 my studio is in shambles and i 'm financially drained from pursuing a lawsuit that 's fallen apart . 
 and your little intern here - '' `` my fiance , '' cole corrects . 
 sophia smiles slowly , `` ah , well , your fiance tells me that my staff has left me as well . '' 
 cole nods , but does n't say anything else . 
 sophia sucks in a ragged breath and puts on a fake smile . 
 she looks at me and then cole . 
 `` i 'm terminating the lawsuit . '' 
 neither of us answer . 
 everything she made crumbled in her hands . 
 sophia built her own empire and destroyed it , single handedly . 
 without another word , sophia turns and cuts through the crowd , heading towards the front door . 
 when she leaves , i turn to cole . 
 every muscle in his body is taught , like he 's ready to fight . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 he pulls me into a hug , `` as long as i have you , i am . '' 
 he kisses my temple and smiles before disappearing back into the crowd of people . 
 i smile at him and sink back down onto the bench again . 
 the rest of the night passes in a blur . 
 several paintings sell for astronomical amounts of money , including the angelic portrait of me . 
 the critics will write up their reviews tomorrow , but i already know what they are going to say . 
 i heard the words fall from their lips . 
 the show was adequate , but the piece that defined it was the last work of an earthly angel . 
 there are pieces that an artist is known for , a piece that defines him and that piece is cole 's . 
 chapter 13 sottero makes good on her claim . 
 the lawsuit ends as quickly as it started . 
 suddenly , there is nothing pulling at us , demanding our attention . 
 we spend hours at the long island studio , sitting on the beach and watching the surf . 
 cole 's fingers weave together with mine . 
 the breeze blows his hair into his eyes and he pushes it back . 
 the sky is gray , like it might rain and the air is nippy , like some artic air came this way early . 
 we 're both wearing sweatshirts and jeans . 
 the ocean roars , pounding waves into the sand . 
 i wiggle my bare toes in the sand and look at his beautiful eyes . 
 `` have you given any thought to the wedding ? '' 
 cole asks me . 
 i grin at him and nod . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 `` when did you become so allusive ? '' 
 he smiles at me and bumps my shoulder with his . 
 `` when i figured out that it drives you crazy . '' 
 i smirk at him in response and bump him back . 
 `` do n't make the mistake of thinking that i wo n't pin you on the sand and tickle you until you scream . 
 i will get a date out of you one way or another . '' 
 i laugh , not believing him , which is stupid . 
 `` yeah , right , '' i mutter . 
 cole launches himself on me and within seconds he has me pinned . 
 i squirm , trying to pull my arms or legs , but i ca n't move . 
 when cole goes to tickle me , i say , `` do n't you dare ! '' 
 cole 's fingers find my sides under the thick sweatshirt and wiggle against my skin . 
 i laugh hysterically and try to get away . 
 i manage to get an arm free and tickle him back , but the bastard is n't ticklish . 
 `` pick a date , miss lamore . '' 
 the sky opens up and it starts to rain . 
 the drops fall to the ground in big globs . 
 the water is freezing . 
 `` it 's raining ! '' 
 i manage to say , but cole does n't stop . 
 `` so , pick a date . '' 
 cole tickles me more and i squirm in the sand . 
 rain pelts my face and feels like ice . 
 i 'm the worst tickle ninja ever . 
 i ca n't get away from cole and he seems impervious to tickles . 
 so , i curl into a ball to attempt a lame defense . 
 cole rolls me around on the shore like a cat with a ball of yarn . 
 `` next summer ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i laugh hysterically , tears filling my eyes . 
 my clothes are soaking wet , as are cole 's . 
 water pours off his face and splatters on mine . 
 `` winter . '' 
 i 'm breathing hard , but he hears me . 
 cole 's fingers stop . 
 he climbs on top of me and tangles his fingers in my wet hair . 
 `` winter ? '' 
 he sounds surprised . 
 it 's fall . 
 winter is really soon . 
 `` yeah . 
 i do n't want to wait . '' 
 i feel uncertain . 
 the expression on his face is hard to read . 
 `` is that all right ? 
 did you want daffodils or something ? '' 
 cole laughs , `` i just want you , anna . '' 
 he presses his lips to mine and i melt into his arms . 
