 chapter 1 ~ mari ~ the stage wing was thick with shadows . 
 i sat in a metal chair in the alcove between the curtain and the wall , my finger trailing down the pages of the play . 
 they just about knew their lines . 
 the one guy who fumbled was getting chewed out by the director , mr. tucker . 
 he was a young teacher , but he wanted perfection from day one . 
 since this was day twenty-seven , i supposed he was within his right to be agitated . 
 the cast did n't seem to be into this production . 
 leaning forward , i looked out past the stage and into the rows of seats . 
 trystan was n't there . 
 that guy had chronic time issues . 
 it did n't matter that he was the lead in this production . 
 his mind was a sieve when it came to learning his lines , so tucker appointed me to run them with him on a daily basis . 
 this daunting task should have been done prior to practice , but trystan was late . 
 again . 
 if he did n't have charisma and a shockingly beautiful face , someone else would have been given the lead . 
 but , when the guy finally learned his lines , he would make a room full of people swoon - especially the women . 
 there was n't a girl around who did n't want to be me . 
 every single actress and stage-hand offered to help trystan learn his lines , but tucker chose me . 
 why ? 
 because i was n't interested in hanging out with a guy who could n't keep his lips to himself . 
 that made me the best candidate , so i 've been badgering the hottest guy in school for the past two years . 
 thank god he was a senior and this was the end of it . 
 if i had to put up with his friend seth much longer , i 'd cut my ears off . 
 pushing off my chair , i took the play book and went to find trystan . 
 if he still did n't know his lines , trystan would be a dead man . 
 by extension , i 'd also get slammed in the crossfire . 
 public humiliation was n't my thing . 
 i 'd shove the play book down his throat if trystan still did n't know the second act in full today . 
 careful not to make any noise , i pushed past the black curtains that stretched floor to ceiling . 
 several more rows of black curtains hung behind the stage concealing the cinder block wall at the back . 
 the set was n't finished yet , so they were still practicing with bare bones on a half empty stage . 
 i moved quietly and tried to stay out of sight . 
 trailing my fingers against the cold walls , i felt my way through the darkness to the back of the stage . 
 inky shadows covered everything with only slices of light shining through . 
 at the back of the stage there were three doors . 
 two led to dressing rooms and one led down into the prop room . 
 the prop room was an oversized basement that spanned under the stage . 
 it contained half a century worth of flats , props , and wardrobe . 
 i felt for the metal doorknob and wrapped my fingers around it . 
 mr. tucker 's voice was growing more agitated by the moment . 
 if he saw me , he 'd scream for trystan - then we 'd both be screwed . 
 turning the knob ever so slowly , i pulled the basement door open , careful not to make a sound and stepped around it . 
 as i stood on the landing , i could hear voices below . 
 trystan was down there , probably sitting on the couch with his feet kicked up . 
 his voice lacked the normal playfulness . 
 it actually sounded uncertain . 
 `` no , it 's not like that . 
 you do n't get it . 
 everything about her is just - '' he sighed as he trailed off . 
 another voice cut him off . 
 this one was more self-assured , more confident . 
 he spoke with the authority only a jock could fully manage . 
 `` the girl 's a tease , trystan . 
 what 's the point of chasing after her if she wo n't put out ? '' 
 that was a typical seth question . 
 talk about poor choice in friends . 
 i expected the conversation to stop . 
 i was n't that quiet , but the landing was high above the stairwell and tucked at the top of the staircase behind a wall of unused flats . 
 they did n't seem to realize that i was there . 
 `` i ca n't stop thinking about her , '' trystan sighed , `` every time i close my eyes , she 's there . 
 i ca n't get her out of my head . '' 
 his voice sounded haunted , like this girl had really gotten to him . 
 which was something since trystan dated everyone and was serious about no one . 
 as the door clicked shut , i remained motionless - silent - but the metallic click echoed through the room . 
 my heart rate shot up into being-chased-by-a-bear territory . 
 i wanted to hear who she was , who made him sound like that , but the longing in his voice made me feel like a voyeur . 
 i should n't be standing there . 
 i should n't be listening . 
 this was a private conversation , but i was already there . 
 acting like i just walked through the door , i bounded down the metal stairs . 
 i walked around the corner and stepped in front of the flats . 
 both of them looked up at me . 
 seth was saying , `` you need a college girl . 
 forget these high school girls , '' as i rounded the corner . 
 seth was the size of a football player with a toned muscular body , but never seemed to do anything to get that way . 
 his sandy hair was buzz cut , like he had enlisted . 
 he was sitting on a chair across from trystan , who was slouched back on an old leather couch with his hands behind his head . 
 when trystan looked up at me , he dropped his hands and straightened a little . 
 there was something in his eyes , something about the way he glanced at seth , that made me uneasy . 
 he probably thought i heard what he just said . 
 seth turned and looked at me , then back to trystan . 
 his voice grew louder , more cocky , `` besides , high school girls do n't know how to give a decent blowjob . 
 do they , mari ? '' 
 seth the pig liked to pick on inexperienced girls and make them blush . 
 it was a pastime for him . 
 from hanging around trystan , i had become accustomed to his crass questions . 
 my face no longer flushed , although he never stopped trying . 
 the guy talked about sex so much that it no longer shocked me . 
 it was like his brain was swimming in a lust serum . 
 seth was n't hard on the eyes , but his mouth made him repulsive . 
 trystan 's eyes flicked up to mine after seth spoke . 
 he had no idea what my experience was with guys , if any . 
 sometimes it felt like everyone thought i was celibate , as though i 'd taken an oath or something just because i did n't want to make out with every guy i met . 
 this confused trystan . 
 he 'd said things in the past , but i did n't feel the need to explain myself . 
 i tossed the play book on the battered coffee table and sat down next to trystan . 
 answering seth , i said , `` i 'm not planning on giving you demonstration . '' 
 trystan 's blue gaze was on the side of my face . 
 his lips parted slightly like he was surprised . 
 i turned toward him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he shook his head smiling , `` nothing . 
 just did n't expect you to say that . '' 
 he folded his arms across his chest . 
 the black shirt he was wearing made his eyes look like sapphires . 
 they were such a dark shade of blue . 
 `` so who 's a tease ? '' 
 i asked , assuming that they heard me on the staircase . 
 `` do i know her ? '' 
 trystan was usually perky , like he 'd eaten a case of pixie stixs , but he seemed uneasy today . 
 his gaze lowered and he did n't speak . 
 seth shifted in the old plaid chair . 
 his fingers picked at the threadbare fabric , working a hole into the arm . 
 `` you know her , '' seth said , grinning . 
 `` you see , trystan here seems to think she 's worth chasing , but there 's no way in hell she 'll put out . 
 she 's a tease . 
 he just does n't see it . '' 
 trystan shot seth a look . 
 `` she has no idea you like her ? '' 
 i ask genuinely intrigued . 
 seth replied for him , `` absolutely none . 
 he can be sitting in the same room as her and she has no f ** king clue . 
 it 's pathetic . '' 
 he turns to trystan , saying , `` there 's other p ** sy out there that 's much easier to get . 
 forget about her man . '' 
 seth 's words irritated me on so many levels . 
 `` why should he forget about her ? 
 because she does n't sleep with every guy that blinks at her ? 
 you 're such a jerk , seth . 
 besides , if trystan found someone he actually likes , why assume anything ? '' 
 i glance at trystan . 
 he has n't moved . 
 `` maybe she just has n't found the right guy yet . 
 maybe a relationship means something to her . '' 
 `` waste of time , '' seth says shaking his head . 
 `` relationships are the fastest way to make sure you never get laid . 
 that 's why trystan here never dates anyone , and neither do i. '' `` how romantic , '' i roll my eyes . 
 `` and that 's why you 're going to end up alone . '' 
 trystan sits up and gives seth a look that clearly says stop . 
 then he turns to me and asks , `` what 's with the play book ? '' 
 he nodded his head toward it . 
 the movement made his dark hair fall into his eyes . 
 with a sweep of his hand , he pushed it back . 
 trystan 's hair had that carefully messy look . 
 it 's kind of long on top and cut shorter around the bottom . 
 when it 's slicked back for the play , he 'll look pristine . 
 in the meantime he looks like a rock star , bemusedly sexy , like he knows how beautiful he is and does n't care . 
 i glared at seth before turning to trystan , `` tucker is on the warpath . 
 i thought i 'd run lines with you so he does n't slaughter us up there . '' 
 trystan grinned at me , `` what makes you think i did n't learn them , yet ? '' 
 he ran his hands through his hair and stretched . 
 that playfulness that was usually there appeared to be coming back . 
 whatever girl caught his attention did a good job . 
 i had n't seen him so out of sorts before . 
 `` yeah , right , '' i laugh . 
 `` that scene in the second act sucked yesterday . 
 you were tripping over your lines like crazy . '' 
 seth groaned and pushed off the chair . 
 he smoothed his tee shirt . 
 it clung to his broad shoulders . 
 the guy looked like a giant . 
 `` nerds . '' 
 trystan threw a pillow at his friend and it nailed him in the chest . 
 `` get out . 
 i 'll catch up with you later , '' trystan sat up on the couch and reached for the play book . 
 handing it to me , he said , `` fine . 
 let 's do it . '' 
 seth had an odd look on his face . 
 he shook his head and left without another word . 
 when the door on the upper-landing clicked shut , trystan 's demeanor changed . 
 he seemed softer without seth around polluting his thoughts . 
 i really wondered why they hung out together . 
 trystan was all smooth and subtle with his confidence . 
 seth was in-your-face about everything . 
 there was no way to have a civilized conversation with that guy . 
 it 's like he was raised by giraffes or something . 
 chapter 2 ~ trystan ~ why did he tell seth anything ? 
 his remedies always included girls , which in this case was not helpful . 
 trystan stretched and ran his fingers through his dark hair . 
 this was more than a crush . 
 it was n't that the girl had a hot body , even though she did . 
 it was more than that . 
 he connected with her in a way that had n't happened before . 
 being around her made him feel exposed . 
 it was difficult to maintain the endless smiles and witty banter that he was known for . 
 to his horror , trystan did n't hear that girl - the one that he was so taken with - standing at the top of the stair case . 
 he straightened when he saw mari round the corner . 
 trystan tried to make it look like they were n't talking about her , but she had to know . 
 did n't she ? 
 he did n't see how she could n't . 
 trystan saw mari every day . 
 it did n't matter that she was a junior and he was a senior . 
 tucker had placed them together when she was a freshman , and they 'd spent nearly every day together since . 
 the reason trystan did n't act on his attraction initially was because she was too young . 
 he was the eldest in his class , and mari was the youngest in hers . 
 that put nearly two years between them . 
 for a while he told himself that he was just fond of her , like mari was the little sister he never had . 
 but as time progressed , he knew that was a lie . 
 he noticed her quirky mouth early on . 
 that only made her more appealing . 
 then her body followed , sneaking up on him like a ninja in the middle of the night . 
 mari 's smooth curves melted into each other , forming a body to match that beautiful face . 
 one day he saw her as mari , the next she was the most desirable woman he 'd ever met . 
 maybe the transition in his mind was slower than that , more of a gradual change , but trystan did n't see it coming . 
 it completely blindsided him . 
 to make matters worse , he 'd learned over the years everything she could n't stand about guys . 
 she had this notion that a kiss should mean something and trystan made it blatantly obvious that he did n't share that opinion . 
 he 'd shot himself in the head in terms of ever having a relationship with her . 
 that was what he had been trying to ask seth about . 
 trystan wanted to know if his friend thought it was possible to back track , to fix things with her so he had a chance . 
 seth 's response was n't what he wanted to hear , and as mari descended the stairs , seth saw her first and his over-the-top language came out . 
 the guy only talked like that when mari was around , almost like he hoped his nasty comments would chase her off . 
 instead of running , mari sat down next to trystan . 
 god , it was so hard to be so close to her and not touch her . 
 everything from that light floral scent , to her soft curls made him want her even more . 
 last night in a moment of panic , he thought about telling her that he was in love with her . 
 but she would n't believe him . 
 he knew she would n't . 
 instead , he grabbed his guitar and recorded a song he wrote for her , before uploading it on a whim . 
 he poured his heart out , never saying her name , only telling her that he loved her , and that he wished she noticed him . 
 no one knew he sang or played . 
 it was a secret he did n't even tell seth . 
 at times life was too hard . 
 too much happened , too fast , and it left him feeling paralyzed . 
 trystan found solace in his music . 
 he never shared any of it with anyone and now in the light of day , he thought he should go back and delete that song before someone saw it and figured out it was him . 
 mari leaned into him a little bit , her shoulder lightly touching his . 
 trystan stiffened , his smile faltered . 
 as seth and mari argued , trystan sat there with his insides lurching . 
 he could n't take seth 's crass mouth . 
 he knew it was upsetting mari , even though she did n't act like it . 
 it was the little things he noticed , the way her fingers pressed into her jeans forming a little dent where the denim used to be smooth . 
 the curve of her shoulders squared off slowly , her spine becoming straighter and straighter like she intended to fight seth . 
 after a moment , trystan shot seth a look that clearly said stop . 
 seth did n't hang around much longer . 
 when he heard mari wanted to run lines , trystan groaned inwardly . 
 it was that scene - the one from yesterday . 
 though he did n't let on , every fiber of his body protested . 
 the end of that scene had a kiss , and trystan did n't think he could resist . 
 chapter 3 ~ mari ~ `` so you just think she 's waiting for the right guy ? '' 
 trystan 's question caught me by surprise . 
 i was flipping through the book , looking for the right page . 
 stopping , i looked up at him . 
 `` yeah , most girls want the right guy . 
 they are n't looking for a one-time thing . '' 
 `` that includes you ? '' 
 the way he said it , the way his eyes bored into me made me squirm . 
 the corner of my mouth pulled up and i shook my head , `` what i think does n't matter . 
 you want to know what she thinks . '' 
 the movement made my hair fall over my shoulders . 
 i pushed it out of my face , tucking a few stray curls behind my ear . 
 `` how am i supposed to find out ? 
 every time i get a second alone with her , someone interrupts us . 
 and it 's not the kind of question you can just ask . '' 
 i glanced over at him , `` you asked me . '' 
 there 's a lightness to his voice , `` and you did n't answer . '' 
 he smiled at me and looked down at his hands . 
 for some reason i was hyperaware of my heart . 
 i felt it beating inside of my chest . 
 i should n't have told him , but my tongue was moving before my brain realized it , `` yeah , i want the right guy . 
 i 'm not interested in screwing around with a bunch of randoms . 
 i want it to mean something . 
 i want the connection , the relationship . '' 
 something inside my chest swirled as i said it and my throat tightened . 
 i could n't help but notice his eyes and how closely he watched me . 
 his gaze was so intense that i looked away . 
 trystan nodded slowly and then says , `` you want him to love you . '' 
 i wondered if i should respond , but i was up to my neck in the conversation already , `` is that so wrong ? 
 i mean , would n't you want that too ? '' 
 `` if it were real , yeah . 
 but there 's no such thing as love . 
 love 's a concoction of the hallmark channel . '' 
 my mouth fell open as he said it , but he did n't stop . 
 `` at least i thought there was no such thing . 
 now i 'm not so sure . '' 
 his voice trailed off , like he was thinking , considering if it could be true - if that was what was making him so crazy . 
 my shock changed from offended to surprised , `` oh my god , '' i breathed . 
 `` she 's really gotten to you . 
 the great trystan scott is in love . '' 
 he did n't answer . 
 the way he looked at me made me know i was right . 
 instead of teasing him , which would have been normal , i sat there in silent awe . 
 `` are you going to tell her ? '' 
 he shook his head and leaned back , `` no , i do n't think so . '' 
 i lean toward him and pressed my hand to his knee . 
 `` you have to tell her . 
 damn , trystan . 
 if she 's gotten to you like this , you should at least give it a shot . '' 
 when his gaze lingered on my hand too long , i pulled it away . 
 i was n't a touchy feely person , so it was kind of strange for me to reach out and do anything . 
 `` if she realizes it , i wo n't deny it , but i ca n't tell her . '' 
 he looked at the ceiling as he spoke , his voice uncharacteristically soft . 
 when he looked at me again , he sat up , breathed deeply and said , `` come on . 
 run lines with me . 
 help me forget about her for a while . '' 
 chapter 4 ~ trystan ~ `` are you going to tell her ? '' 
 mari asked . 
 her big brown eyes remained fixed on his face , waiting for an answer that he could n't give . 
 it does n't matter if i tell her , she wo n't believe me . 
 you see mari , it 's you . 
 you 're the one i ca n't stop thinking about . 
 you 're the one who makes my heart race and my mood soar . 
 you 're the reason that i ca n't sleep , ca n't eat . 
 the pain inside my chest , that ache that longs for your touch , devours me . 
 trystan thought these things . 
 they raced through his mind like a swirl of wind . 
 the words were stuck to his tongue . 
 he could n't tell her . 
 it had to be something she saw for herself or she 'd never believe him . 
 shaking his head , trystan leaned back against the couch , `` no , i do n't think so . '' 
 mari twisted toward him , her slender hand extended forward . 
 when she placed it on his knee , trystan nearly crawled out of his skin . 
 as she spoke , he stared at her hand , mesmerized by how much power she held over him . 
 the simple act of patting his knee was too much . 
 being in the same room as mari was too much , and here they were alone . 
 again . 
 i did this , he thought to himself . 
 i 'm the one who sent seth away . 
 his gaze was still fixated on mari 's hand . 
 she lifted it slowly , like she 'd made a mistake . 
 when he looked up at her , their eyes locked . 
 trystan was completely screwed . 
 he could n't hide it much longer , and telling her would only make it worse . 
 ironically , she was sitting there telling trystan to confess , but she did n't understand . 
 she did n't know it was her . 
 trying to put some distance between them , trystan stretched and looked up at the ceiling . 
 mari 's gaze was burning a hole on the side of his face , but he 'd kiss her if he looked at her again . 
 his heart raced inside his chest . 
 he could n't slow the frantic pace . 
 she was too close . 
 when he spoke , his voice caught in his throat , `` if she realizes it , i wo n't deny it , but i ca n't tell her . '' 
 he managed not to look at her as he said it . 
 he knew she had a puzzled look on her face , like she did n't understand , especially since she could tell how miserable he was . 
 nothing slipped past mari . 
 at times trystan thought she could see right through him , but right now she was blind . 
 and he intended to keep things that way . 
 the thought of her rejecting him after confessing how he felt about her made him feel sick . 
 he could n't bear it . 
 as it was , he could barely bear this . 
 thank god mari did n't date a lot . 
 if she did , there 'd be no way to hide his feelings . 
 they 'd come rushing out . 
 trystan looked at mari again , resisting the urge to run his finger across her cheek . 
 he blinked , clearing the thought from his head and sat up . 
 `` come on , '' he sighed . 
 `` run lines with me . 
 help me forget about her for a while . '' 
 but running lines did n't help him forget about her . 
 when they started , trystan was acting like his character , seeing his lost love . 
 but as they got into it , as they headed toward the end of the act , all he could think about was mari 's lips on his . 
 chapter 5 ~ mari ~ trystan knew his lines . 
 he sat on the edge of the couch , facing me . 
 everything from the tone of his voice , to his inflections , to his expressions was perfect . 
 trystan had a way of looking at a girl that took her breath away . 
 he used every skill he had in the scene , making it difficult to remember that it was n't real - that the words were n't his . 
 before i knew what was happening , our eyes locked . 
 every muscle in my body tightened . 
 while we were practicing , he moved closer to me . 
 his knees faced mine . 
 he was close enough to touch me , but he did n't . 
 still running lines , he continued , `` then when i saw you again , i could n't believe it was you . 
 i watched you that night , trying to get up the nerve to talk to you . 
 after everything that happened , after everything ended the way it did , i - '' he breathed in and closed his eyes . 
 when he opened them again , he lowered his lashes and looked up at me , `` i could n't risk ruining that moment . 
 but it was a mistake ... '' `` why ? '' 
 i said the line , unable to look away . 
 my pulse was racing even though i knew it was n't real . 
 trystan was so intense , and when he looked at me like that it was impossible to notice anything but him . 
 his eyes were dark as sapphires . 
 they drifted to my cheek and a moment later , his hand was there touching me lightly . 
 `` because it haunts me . 
 every moment of every day is filled with regret . 
 i wonder if i said something , if we could have had another chance ... '' his voice trailed off . 
 he brushed my cheek lightly with his thumb before pulling his hand away . 
 looking down , he breathed , `` but i did n't . 
 i was a coward . '' 
 our gazes locked , and trystan was so close to my face that i felt the warmth of his breath on my lips . 
 my voice barely came out , `` if you had it to do over again , what would you do ? '' 
 this was the spot where he messed up yesterday . 
 the scene had no passion and he totally bumbled his lines . 
 there was no connection with the actress . 
 but today it felt so intense , so real . 
 heat flushed my body . 
 i wondered what he would do , when he would stop . 
 the scene ended with a kiss and trystan did n't break character . 
 instead he leaned closer to me , slowly , hesitantly . 
 his lips were a breath from mine . 
 he whispered , `` i 'd do this . '' 
 the sound was soft and seductive passing over his lips , making butterflies erupt in my stomach . 
 my body felt hot . 
 every inch of skin seared like it was on fire , pleading for his touch . 
 he lingered , withholding the kiss , watching me through lowered lashes . 
 there was nothing but him and me in that moment . 
 we were n't in a dank prop room , we were n't running lines . 
 the way he looked at me , the way his eyes pinned me in place and stole my breath , made my heart race faster . 
 it banged into my ribs as his lips moved painfully slow toward mine . 
 when his hand touched my face and slid back into my hair , i thought i 'd die . 
 every part of my body was on fire . 
 trystan 's lips brushed lightly to mine . 
 the soft caress sent a spark through me that kept me from pulling away . 
 instead i savored the sensation , the feel of his full mouth against mine . 
 the heat from his lips , the softness of the kiss would be burned into my mind after that . 
 that kiss would come unbidden when i least expected it . 
 after he swept his lips across mine , he pulled back just enough that the sensation of his lips on mine ended . 
 it pulled me toward him like a magnet tugging wildly at my insides . 
 shock held me in place as it crashed into me in a relentless wave . 
 his kiss was bewitching . 
 it felt real . 
 the way my body responded to him - to his voice and his words - was real . 
 i 'd denied it over and over again . 
 i did n't want to be like every other girl that was infatuated with him . 
 we were friends . 
 there was nothing there . 
 i kept telling myself that , but right now , the way my stomach twisted to have him so close , i knew it was a lie . 
 i liked him . 
 trystan sat there watching me , his eyes locked on mine . 
 his palm rested against my cheek as he gazed at me . 
 it was like he was too stunned to move . 
 at least i thought he was . 
 when the door clicked open above us , he winked at me . 
 his hand slid away from my cheek . 
 the air felt cold with it gone . 
 i repressed a shiver , and slumped backward like he had no effect on me . 
 a voice called down , `` on stage , scott ! '' 
 trystan stood and looked down at me . 
 i stared at his shoes , wondering what kind of crazy i had to be to let him kiss me . 
 `` be right there , '' he replied and the door shut again . 
 `` what 'd you think ? '' 
 there was a question in his voice . 
 i glanced up at him . 
 `` better than yesterday , '' i replied , trying to sound normal . 
 `` assuming brie does n't jump on you when you kiss her like that , you 'll be good . '' 
 he grinned , `` i thought that scene needed some tension . 
 that worked , right ? '' 
 `` yes , '' my voice came out in a breath . 
 `` it worked perfectly . '' 
 chapter 6 ~ trystan ~ that kiss . 
 he did n't want to stop . 
 her lips tasted like strawberries and when he pressed her mouth to his , trystan felt whole . 
 there was n't another word for it . 
 he needed mari like he needed air . 
 when his hands tangled in her hair , she did n't protest . 
 as he kissed her , he waited for her to pull away . 
 when she did n't , when she ran the lines through the end of the scene , he did n't question his good fortune . 
 instead he concentrated on the taste of her lips and the shape of her mouth , the smoothness of her skin and the softness of her hair in his hand . 
 it would be like this , he thought , if we were together . 
 his body burned hotter than it should have with such a chaste kiss , but it was the closest he 'd ever gotten to mari . 
 reluctantly , he ended the kiss by pulling away slightly . 
 he tried to control his breathing , still holding her face in his hands . 
 her breath rushed over his lips as he lingered there . 
 trystan did n't want to stop . 
 he had no idea why mari let him do it . 
 it should have gotten him slapped . 
 when the door above them scraped open , he released her face . 
 immediately his hands felt empty , like they 'd been holding the most valuable thing they 'd ever touched and now it was gone . 
 `` be right there , '' he replied . 
 he waited a beat for the door to click shut . 
 heart racing , he looked at mari and asked , `` what 'd you think ? '' 
 it was brazen , especially after deciding not to tell her , but he had to know . 
 `` better than yesterday , '' she said coolly . 
 `` assuming brie does n't jump on you when you kiss her like that , you 'll be good . '' 
 she smiled as she spoke , like she was n't affected by his kiss . 
 like it had n't meant anything to her . 
 swallowing hard he realized that he wanted it to mean something . 
 he did n't want to touch her , taste her , and kiss her - no , he wanted more than that . 
 he wanted her to want him . 
 he wanted more than the physical act . 
 inwardly he cringed . 
 that thought was so unlike him , so foreign , but as he gazed at her , he longed for it . 
 he wanted something with her , but her reply made it obvious that the feelings were n't two directional . 
 swallowing hard , he forced down a lump of regret that was nearly choking him . 
 he grinned to cover his real feelings , putting on the f ** king mask that hid his real thoughts . 
 he did n't want things to be like that with her , but that was the way things were . 
 playfully , he said , `` i thought that scene needed some tension . 
 that worked , right ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she said softly . 
 `` it worked perfectly . '' 
 her dark curls were fanned across her shoulders . 
 it was impossible to look at her and not touch her . 
 every instinct in his body was wrong . 
 she did n't care for him , not like that . 
 he nodded toward the stairs , `` i better get going . '' 
 without another word , he turned and walked away from her . 
 it felt like something inside of him ripped . 
 i should n't have kissed her , he thought , climbing the stairs two at a time . 
 when he walked out onto the stage , he acted . 
 trystan was everything he was supposed to be , and no one knew any different . 
 none of them knew him at all . 
 chapter 7 ~ mari ~ `` you let him kiss you ? '' 
 katie asked . 
 her mouth was hanging open , her burger positioned in her hands like she was going to take a big bite , but instead it just hung there . 
 a piece of lettuce fell to her plate . 
 finally she cocked her head to the side , which is katie 's look for are you crazy ? 
 pushing around the fries on my plate , i shrugged , `` we were running lines . 
 i thought he 'd stop , but he went to the end of the scene . '' 
 katie and i had made plans to meet up at the diner for dinner . 
 there was a scattering of people surrounding us and katie 's voice was a little too loud for my taste . 
 there had n't been many other kisses to report , but this one seemed to blindside her . 
 it was completely unexpected and according to her , completely stupid . 
 she blinked big brown eyes at me , `` but he kissed you . '' 
 `` but nothing . 
 it meant nothing . 
 he was practicing , '' i said , raising my hand and pointing a french fry at her . 
 `` it 's called acting . '' 
 her mouth was still suspended open . 
 she snapped it shut , shaking her head and put down the burger . 
 her hands tugged at her long dark hair when she said , `` this is going to screw with you . 
 i ca n't believe you let him do that . 
 you ca n't get him out of your head when he smiles at you and you frickin ' let him kiss you ! '' 
 i knew that she only acted like this because she cared about me . 
 katie was the only one who had a clue about my feelings for trystan . 
 i hated that i liked him that way . 
 he literally had a gaggle of groupies that followed him around . 
 i did n't want to be one of them , but the guy got to me . 
 there was no way to ignore it . 
 i leaned back in the booth and looked around the diner to make sure no one we knew was near-by . 
 this was my biggest secret . 
 if trystan found out , i 'd die . 
 `` shhh ! '' 
 i hissed , whipping my neck around . 
 the movement made my hair fall over my shoulder and into my ketchup . 
 `` awh , man . '' 
 katie swallowed a laugh and tossed me a bunch of napkins . 
 i dabbed the condiment out of my hair . 
 when my brown curls seemed okay , i tossed my hair back over my shoulder again . 
 finally katie asked , `` so how was it ? '' 
 her question took me by surprise . 
 i glanced up at her with that deer in the headlights look . 
 squirming , i replied , `` fine , i guess . '' 
 better than fine . 
 he made me feel every inch of my body . 
 i flushed thinking about it . 
 she shook her head and picked up her burger again , muttering , `` yes , i can see that it was marginal at best . 
 you 're such a bad liar , mari . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 i leaned closer to her and lowered my voice , `` you know how i told you he gets to me ? 
 like we can be standing there talking , and it 's like he can read my mind or something ? '' 
 she nods . 
 i 'd told her this before . 
 trystan had a weird way of knowing what i was going to say before i said it . 
 when his gaze bore into me , i felt exposed , like he could read my mind . 
 i avoided eye contact with trystan , which was part of my mistake today . 
 i continued , `` it was like that , but more . 
 it felt like he could see through me in that moment , like all my thoughts were just spread out for him . 
 and his lips were so soft . 
 the way he did it made me want him even more . '' 
 i grabbed the sides of my head , placed my elbows on the table and leaned forward . 
 with closed eyes , i uttered , `` what a disaster . '' 
 when i look at katie again , she 's grinning . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you did this to yourself , you know . 
 you 're the one who says a kiss has to mean something for it to be real , and it seems like this fake kiss made your brains blow up . '' 
 she sips her soda and leans back in the booth . 
 if someone else had said it , the words would have felt mean . 
 but the way katie mentions them , made it as confrontational as saying , please pass the milk . 
 but i wo n't back down on this issue . 
 i was right . 
 `` a kiss is supposed to mean something . 
 i just - '' katie cut me off , `` do yourself a favor and stay away from him . 
 you know he 's a love them and leave them kind of guy . 
 that 's not your kind of guy . 
 hanging around with trystan is just going to get you hurt . '' 
 her voice was beseeching , like she does n't want me unhappy . 
 i ca n't avoid trystan . 
 he 's at the theater every day with me , but i know what she means . 
 `` i 'll try . '' 
 `` good , '' she said , smiling . 
 she plucked a fry off her plate and popped it into her mouth . 
 for a moment neither of us said anything . 
 before taking another fry , she said , `` did you see that video , yet ? 
 the one on you tube of that guy singing ? '' 
 i shook my head , `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 i 'd been at practice all afternoon . 
 it was after 7:00 pm and i was eating dinner on the way home . 
 katie always knew what was going on . 
 she pulled out her phone , flicked a few buttons , and handed it to me . 
 a video loaded . 
 it 's hard to make it out , but a guy was sitting on a stool with a guitar on his lap . 
 his fingers moving up and down the instrument as he played . 
 there was a strong light behind him obscuring his face . 
 the only thing i could tell was that he 's young , maybe my age and a little taller than me , with dark hair . 
 the song he was singing was n't something i 'd heard before . 
 it was a love song about a girl that does n't know he 's alive . 
 he sounded so bewitched by her that i could n't look away . 
 the tune was catchy , but it was the haunting lyrics that mesmerized me . 
 when the song ended , i stared at the phone immediately wanting to hear more . 
 blinking , i looked up at katie , `` who is that ? '' 
 she grins , `` no one knows . 
 he uploaded the song last night and it went viral . '' 
 his voice echoed in my mind . 
 the lyrics said he was completely taken with a girl who did n't know he was alive . 
 she called to him like a siren , and he could n't help but love her . 
 it was tragic and beautiful . 
 i wanted to know who the singer was . 
 i glanced at the phone again and pressed play . 
 the words flowed through the tiny speakers . 
 someone passing by stopped and said , `` great song , right ? '' 
 it was a senior i 'd seen around but never spoke to before . 
 katie beamed , `` it really is . 
 have you heard anything ? 
 did they figure out who he is ? '' 
 the girl shook her head , `` no , but it wo n't be long . 
 i bet the guy goes home tonight and sees that his video got all those comments today and we know his name by tomorrow . 
 at least that 's what i 'm hoping for . '' 
 she laughed and katie told her thanks . 
 `` god , i hope so , '' she said , turning back to me . 
 `` i ca n't see a damn thing with that light in the way . '' 
 `` me neither , '' i said , staring at the screen after the video stopped . 
 `` did you see all these comments ? 
 there are thousands and this has n't even been up for a day yet . '' 
 katie snapped the phone away and scrolled through the comments , then handed it back to me . 
 `` that one is mine , '' she said , tapping at a spot on the screen . 
 i read it and gasped , `` you did not type that ! '' 
 `` yup , '' she said , grinning , snatching the phone back . 
 `` he 's too hot not to . '' 
 `` you ca n't even see him ! '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` how do you know he 's hot ? '' 
 `` i just know . 
 with a voice like that and the way he sings about her ... '' katie sounds like she has a bad crush on the mystery guy , which was n't like her . 
 `` it could be anyone . 
 this guy could be a troll . 
 or a stalker . '' 
 katie 's eyebrow darted up , `` you really think that a stalker made a video ? '' 
 `` no , '' i admitted and quickly added , `` but it would make it easier not knowing who it is if he was some kind of deviant . '' 
 `` well , i 'm going to find out . '' 
 she took one more bite of her burger and waived at the waitress to get the check . 
 `` i 'm going home and surfing the web until someone forks over a name . '' 
 chapter 8 ~ trystan ~ when trystan arrived home , the small condo was empty . 
 he sighed a sigh of relief and tossed his books on the kitchen table . 
 trystan looked around at the dilapidated furnishings and the graying walls . 
 in the back of his mind , he hoped it would burn and burn all the memories with it . 
 this place was n't a refuge , it was a nightmare . 
 trystan pulled the fridge open and stared at empty shelves . 
 `` fuck , '' he muttered running his hands through his hair . 
 empty . 
 again . 
 he slammed the door shut . 
 shaking his head , trystan grabbed his books and went back to his bedroom . 
 once inside he locked the door with a slide bolt . 
 he 'd have to grab groceries , but there was no way trystan would risk running into his father for food . 
 besides , his stomach was still in knots from kissing mari . 
 eating was a necessity , but he was n't particularly hungry . 
 trystan pulled an old laptop he 'd purchased second-hand out from between his mattresses . 
 it booted slowly , its small screen flickering to life like it wished it were dead . 
 when it finally was up and running , trystan borrowed a neighbor 's unsecure internet connection . 
 he had to take down that video . 
 if mari heard that song ... the pit of his stomach dropped just thinking about it . 
 trystan navigated his way toward the youtube page , day5705 . 
 shock lined his face when the page finally loaded . 
 before he could click delete , he saw comments - tons of them . 
 they loved his song . 
 he scrolled down , recognizing several kids from his school . 
 hope and fear flooded his chest . 
 if his classmates saw it , then mari might have seen it . 
 she 'd know . 
 she 'd recognize him . 
 trystan played the video again , frantically trying to see if it was possible to tell who he was . 
 with his hand keeping the curser hovering above the delete button , trystan stared at the page . 
 should he erase it ? 
 make it like it never existed ? 
 what would happen to the swarm of people who demanded to know who he was ? 
 the only reason to delete it was mari , but she was also the reason he wrote the song . 
 maybe he could ask her about it . 
 maybe that would be a way to approach the subject of them - a way for her to know he was sincere . 
 trystan scrolled down through the comments , and made a short post before shutting down the computer . 
 he slid the black plastic under his bed and pulled off his shirt . 
 the front door slammed shut . 
 trystan killed the light quickly and jumped into bed with his jeans still on . 
 he could hear his father through the apartment . 
 his voice echoed back to trystan , `` you ungrateful brat ! 
 there 's only one thing i ask you to do , and you ca n't even do that ! '' 
 something hard thunked into trystan 's door and shattered . 
 he closed his eyes tight . 
 it was only a matter of time , he reminded himself . 
 the yelling and screaming would stop , his father would pass out , and trystan could rest safely for a few hours . 
 chapter 9 ~ mari ~ later that night , i surfed the web , as i listened to his song over and over again . 
 it was addicting . 
 once i heard it , i wanted more . 
 and not knowing who sang it made me want to know who he was to the point of insanity . 
 the user account was day5705 . 
 it was n't even a name . 
 the more message boards and tweets i read about him , the more people started referring to him as day jones , the anonymous lone musician . 
 the way he sang was sexy , but it was the words and his voice that captured my attention . 
 i felt like that about trystan . 
 he saw me as some junior nobody , the girl assigned to read lines with him . 
 this was the second year we worked together and it was always the same . 
 trystan would talk to me at practice , but that was all i saw of him . 
 the cold hard truth was that he did n't know i was alive . 
 and with friends like seth shoving college girls down his throat , why would he ? 
 there was a soft side to trystan , something that only came out when we were alone . 
 the arrogant swagger that he had melted away and he seemed vulnerable . 
 it felt like i was seeing something that he did n't show to anyone else , but i knew that could n't be . 
 he did n't think of me like that . 
 trystan was pining over someone else ; some girl that seth did n't think was worth his time . 
 knowing seth , he 'd try to keep trystan away from her . 
 i thought about it , but there was no way to figure out who trystan 's crush could be . 
 before and after practice , trystan was surrounded by girls . 
 it 'd always been like that . 
 all the girls loved him and every guy wanted to be him . 
 i pulled up trystan 's facebook page and gazed at his picture . 
 those perfectly pink lips - the way they felt would be seared into my mind forever . 
 it was n't my first kiss , but no kiss had ever made me feel so much before . 
 i closed the page and pressed play on the song again . 
 i went to bed that night thinking that someone would sniff out the mysterious day jones ' real identity by morning , but when i woke up they still did n't know . 
 during the night he posted a comment and it made them love him even more . 
 the guy seemed humble . 
 he made one comment - that 's it - and said : thank you for listening to this song . 
 i do n't really play very well and my voice is n't exceptional . 
 the only reason i posted it was because i thought someone might be going through the same thing . 
 thanks for listening . 
 - day after he posted that , the comments section of the video went nuts . 
 everyone wanted to know who he was , who she was , and they begged him for more songs . 
 day did n't post anything else . 
 he did n't seem to want the fame , or the attention . 
 it made me admire him more . 
 chapter 10 ~ trystan ~ he barely had five hours of sleep . 
 trystan showered and pulled on clothes without worrying about rousing his father . 
 dear old dad was passed out cold on the living room floor . 
 trystan grabbed his books and ran out the door . 
 the morning air was cool and damp . 
 he breathed it in like he could n't get enough of it . 
 it did n't matter how much his life sucked , there were times - little things really - that he took joy in . 
 they were reliable , dependable like the sunrise . 
 trystan walked into the high school and headed directly for the cafeteria . 
 his stomach growled , reminding him that he skipped dinner last night . 
 today after school , he 'd have to run into the deli and grab some things . 
 that meant more odd jobs , less time at school . 
 trystan bartered with the deli owner , doing odd jobs for him once in a week in exchange for groceries . 
 if he had n't done that , he was certain he would have been taken away from his father and placed into foster care a long time ago . 
 trystan smiled at the cafeteria lady , `` good morning , miss bensly . 
 is that a new pin ? '' 
 miss bensly was close to seventy years old . 
 every day she came in with a different broach pinned to her lunch lady uniform . 
 they were usually too large and garishly awful . 
 trystan beamed at her , holding up an apple and a roll for her to ring up . 
 miss bensly , swatted at him , `` oh you . 
 save your sweet talk for someone closer to your age , trystan . '' 
 she hit the no sale button and waved him through . 
 `` you 're an angel , miss bensly . 
 what would i do without you ? '' 
 it was the truth . 
 this matronly figure had fed him breakfast for the past four years . 
 miss bensly shook her head , and waived him off . 
 trystan crossed the room and sat at a table by the windows . 
 the sun was barely over the horizon . 
 the bell would ring in about five minutes . 
 trystan watched students pour out of cars and buses . 
 he ate his breakfast while waiting for her . 
 mari would arrive any minute , scurrying through the door like she was late even though she was n't . 
 when he saw her , his heart stopped . 
 the apple he was about to bite was midway to his mouth , but it hung there suspended in motion as he watched mari run into the building . 
 `` you seriously need to get over her , '' seth said , slapping his books down on the table . 
 trystan flinched , bit the apple , and threw the core into the nearby garbage pail . 
 mr. tucker chose that exact moment to walk in , `` detention scott . 
 throw something else and it 'll be a week . 
 come to my classroom during study hall . 
 you can serve it then . '' 
 tucker scribbled on a pink piece of paper instructing the study hall teacher to excuse trystan since he was serving detention with tucker . 
 trystan smiled , `` thanks . 
 i did n't have one of these yet today , '' and snatched the pink paper and shoved it into his pocket . 
 `` you 're pushing your luck , scott . '' 
 tucker waved a fat finger at him and walked away quickly , like trystan irritated him and he did n't want to behead the kid before first period . 
 seth stared at trystan until he finally said , `` what the hell is wrong with you ? 
 it 's like you want to get busted . 
 you keep doing all this stupid shit and it 's like you know you 're going to get caught . '' 
 trystan folded his arms over his chest and slumped back into his plastic chair , `` like what ? '' 
 `` hello ? 
 were you somewhere else five minutes ago ? 
 apple core , right when tucker walked in . 
 that 's sloppy man . 
 you used to pull crap , but you did n't get caught . 
 now , well look at you . '' 
 trystan did n't feel the need to say why he 'd grown sloppy . 
 the lack of sleep from trying to avoid his father 's fists was slowing him down . 
 `` gee , thanks , seth . '' 
 `` i 'm serious . 
 you 're falling apart , and i know why . '' 
 trystan shot up from his seat , `` do n't even go there . 
 the only reason i told you about her was so you could help . '' 
 seth ran up behind him as trystan exited the cafeteria and walked into the hallway . 
 it was packed with kids carrying books , still wearing coats , racing to get to their lockers . 
 trystan shouldered his way into the crowd , forcing his way across the hallway . 
 seth followed close behind , `` i am trying to help you , but you wo n't listen . 
 you never listen ! '' 
 trystan spoke firmly over his shoulder , `` she 's not the problem . '' 
 `` then what is ? 
 clue me in , what 's making you so reckless ? '' 
 seth stopped in his tracks . 
 kids swarmed around him like a rock dropped in the middle of a pile of ants . 
 trystan leaned his head against his locker . 
 seth did n't know about his dad . 
 no one did . 
 taking a deep breath , he turned toward seth and said , `` i 'll stop , okay ? 
 just leave her alone . '' 
 when seth tilted his head with a try-to-stop-me look on his face , trystan added , `` i know you ca n't stand her , but that does n't mean - '' shaking his head , seth cut trystan off , `` not true . 
 i just ca n't stand what she does to you . 
 when you 've been around her , you act like a f ** king lunatic . 
 i 'd understand if you were thinking with your dick , but you 're not . 
 you 're chasing some nobody that hates your guts . 
 face facts , trystan . 
 there 's no future with her in it . 
 you two are n't compatible . '' 
 it was the thought that was always drifting at the back of his mind . 
 when seth said them , it was like someone punched trystan in the stomach . 
 all the air was forced out of his lungs . 
 it felt like someone was strangling him . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 i ca n't let this go . '' 
 `` you have to . 
 it 's like handing her a loaded gun aimed straight at your heart , '' seth said in a low voice . 
 he leaned closer to his friend , `` do n't do it . 
 once those words come out , it 's like pulling the trigger . 
 you ca n't undo it . '' 
 ____ trystan went through the rest of the day looking for mari . 
 she was n't at her locker at the usual times , and she seemed to alter her normal path through the hallways . 
 was she avoiding him ? 
 trystan instantly knew why - that kiss . 
 he should n't have kissed her . 
 at the time , he did n't think it upset her , but it must have . 
 there was no other explanation as to why she was avoiding him . 
 trystan went into tucker 's room during his free period . 
 `` i 'm here . '' 
 his voice was distant , distracted . 
 he wanted to find mari and fix things . 
 tucker glanced up from under an overgrown monobrow . 
 he pointed at the first desk in front of him , `` sit . '' 
 tucker did n't bother to watch trystan find his seat , instead he went back to the stack of papers in front of him . 
 when he finished marking up the one he was working on , he lifted it and put them into a folder , leaving the pile of papers out on his desk . 
 `` want to tell me what 's going on ? '' 
 tucker asked . 
 he walked in front of the desk and stopped in front of trystan . 
 trystan stared straight ahead , `` i threw an apple core and got busted . '' 
 glancing up , he said smirking , `` i believe you were there . 
 it was a pretty good throw . 
 crossed the room and sailed straight into the center of the can . '' 
 `` scott , you threw it when i walked in . 
 did you really think i 'd let it go ? 
 this little cry for help ? '' 
 trystan straightened in his chair and looked directly in his teacher 's face , `` what ? 
 that was n't a cry for help . 
 it was piss poor timing . '' 
 tucker 's head tilted to the side . 
 he folded his massive arms across his chest , `` yeah , right . 
 and i 'm the toothfairy . 
 listen scott , if you 're in trouble there are people who can help . 
 i know your dad - '' trystan shot out of his chair . 
 `` you do n't know shit about my dad , so do n't try your pschyobabble on me . '' 
 some emotion he could n't identify reached out and crushed his gut . 
 after a second he realized it was fear mingling with shame . 
 if people knew the beatings he 'd taken , he 'd die . 
 trystan was stronger than his dad but he never fought back . 
 he took his punches . 
 maybe it was some distorted sense of reality . 
 maybe he just wanted a father like everyone else had , someone who watched over him and played ball on the weekends . 
 instead he got the drunk mess , the shell of what used to be a great man . 
 `` trystan , '' tucker said , turning toward him as trystan made a bee line for the door . 
 but trystan did n't stop . 
 no one could know . 
 and tucker was wrong . 
 no one could save him . 
 that was one fact he knew for certain . 
 the last person who tried - shaking his head , he pushed the thought aside . 
 he did n't want to think about it . 
 his life was what he made it . 
 as soon as trystan crossed the stage at graduation and got his diploma , he was out of here . 
 but mari , a voice said in the back of his head . 
 the jaded part of trystan silently responded , if mari does n't come around by then , she never will . 
 chapter 11 ~ mari ~ after school trystan found me sitting alone in the theater , waiting for practice to start . 
 i avoided him all day , and he noticed . 
 `` you were n't at your locker . '' 
 it was a statement , but there was a question in his voice . 
 i shrugged , like it was normal . 
 i had my math book open on my lap . 
 `` just trying to finish some homework . '' 
 a lopsided grin lined his lips . 
 great . 
 i knew that expression . 
 he knew i was lying . 
 damn it . 
 when did he get to know me so well ? 
 `` mari , at least tell me what i did . '' 
 `` you did n't do anything , '' i said , without looking up , starting another equation . 
 he took the book from my lap and closed it quietly . 
 when i looked up at him , he took my notebook and my pencil , too . 
 `` i know you . 
 something 's bothering you . '' 
 i was impaled on his gaze as soon as i looked up . 
 it darted through me , and i could n't look away . 
 his eyes searched my face and i felt nak * d. somehow he 'd learned to read me . 
 two years of running lines had taught him too much . 
 i looked away before he saw how i felt about him . 
 i sighed and threw my head back like i was annoyed . 
 `` trystan , i 'm not mad at you , but i will be if you do n't give me back my stuff . '' 
 he took the pile of books off his lap and held them out over the aisle . 
 watching me , he dropped them on the floor . 
 the pencil rolled away as the slap of the books echoed through the empty auditorium . 
 i jumped up to push past him , but he blocked me . 
 trystan was a full head higher than me . 
 i could n't look at his face , those eyes would make me say stupid things . 
 instead i stared at his chest and the black tee shirt that clung to him . 
 trystan tensed . 
 i could feel his gaze on my face . 
 `` it was the kiss , was n't it ? '' 
 i lifted my eyes and when i met his i knew i was screwed . 
 i felt the truth about to tumble out of my mouth , but i bit it back . 
 pushing my curls out of my face i shook my head , `` no , of course not . 
 it did n't mean anything . 
 besides , you kiss everyone . '' 
 the expression on his face faltered when i said it and i instantly regretted my words . 
 he looked like i kicked him in the stomach . 
 but , trystan recovered quickly . 
 nodding he said , `` sometimes . 
 mostly girls . '' 
 he grinned to cover the effect of my words . 
 `` still , i should n't have done it . 
 i know how you feel about that stuff , and i just got caught up in the moment . '' 
 he pushed his hands into his pockets , and looked up at me . 
 his eyes were so blue . 
 i tore my gaze away , `` it 's fine . '' 
 i tried to ignore the fact that my ribs felt like they were going to crack . 
 my heart raced when he looked at me like that , making my pulse pound like i 'd been running . 
 i wanted to turn away , but i could n't . 
 my arms folded against my chest . 
 trystan watched me do it . 
 then he reached out and touched my forearm , gently brushing my skin with his fingers . 
 he had to know how crazy he was making me . 
 that had to be the reason why he did it . 
 smiling , he looked up into my face and said , `` i wanted to tell you something . 
 every time we get a second , someone comes and drags you away . 
 listen - '' he swallowed hard , his dark lashes lowering . 
 he paused like he ca n't figure out how to convey what he wanted to say . 
 when he looked back up into my eyes , i felt like i could n't breathe . 
 the sensation of his palm on my arm , the way he looked at me , made me want to throw my arms around his neck , but i could n't . 
 the only actual thought registering in my mind at that moment was that katie 's going to kill me . 
 `` scott ! '' 
 seth yelled as he walked into the auditorium . 
 the sound bounced around the empty room . 
 trystan did n't turn toward him . 
 instead he stared at me like he wanted to say something else , but he could n't . 
 he finally blinked and turned toward seth . 
 seth sounded agitated , `` i 've been looking all over for you . '' 
 `` i 'm right here , '' trystan said flatly . 
 all indications of the seriousness of what he was going to say had washed away . 
 when seth walked up , he looked at my books on the floor and then back up at us . 
 `` you peg him with your books ? 
 nice . '' 
 he grinned widely , his eyes sliding over me appreciatively . 
 trystan bent over and picked the books up . 
 he handed them back to me and our fingers brushed , sending sparks through me when i took them . 
 `` can we finish talking about this later ? '' 
 i did n't trust my voice , so i nodded . 
 `` i 'll catch up with you after practice . '' 
 chapter 12 ~ trystan ~ when he saw mari sitting alone in the dark theater , trystan walked in and quietly sat beside her . 
 he 'd been thinking about this moment all day . 
 he was going to tell her that he was day jones . 
 dropping a big enough hint should help her figure out that she was the object of his affection . 
 then seth bounded in and kept him from saying it . 
 part of trystan considered blurting it out in front of his best friend , but he knew the guy would n't let him . 
 seth effectively ended the conversation . 
 he pulled trystan out into the hallway like nothing happened . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 trystan finally asked . 
 he stopped at stared at seth . 
 seth smiled carefully , like he knew he was on cracked ice . 
 `` i ca n't let you do it . '' 
 `` it 's not your call , '' trystan 's voice was cold . 
 his eyes narrowed as he stepped toward seth . 
 seth could tell that this was going to be a fight , but he was n't letting trystan make this kind of mistake . 
 he 'd seen it before . 
 the guy is completely in love with some chick and then she shoots him between the eyes and bats her eyes like he was nothing . 
 seth knew trystan was secretive about his life , and he never pressed him before , but he had to know now . 
 `` something 's up with you , man . 
 if it 's not the girl , then what is it ? '' 
 a redheaded teacher stepped out of her classroom , `` get out of the halls , gentlemen . 
 you know there 's no loitering after school . '' 
 `` we 're waiting for tucker , '' seth replied . 
 since we were standing in front of the auditorium , she did n't force the issue . 
 `` well , he should be here any second . 
 if he is n't , come and get me and i 'll turn on the lights for you . '' 
 seth nodded and said , `` thanks . '' 
 when she was inside her classroom , seth turned to trystan , `` i do n't nose into your life , but something 's going on . 
 it 's obvious . 
 if it 's not the girl , then what is it ? '' 
 trystan was fuming . 
 did everyone see it ? 
 did the dark circles under his eyes give him away ? 
 he could n't tell anyone . 
 not even seth . 
 he would n't understand . 
 maybe it was a mistake , he would n't know until later , but he lied . 
 `` it 's the girl . '' 
 tucker raced past them , and into the theater . 
 he did n't say anything to trystan about his earlier outburst , or that he walked out of detention . 
 seth nodded curtly , `` that 's all you had to say . 
 i 'll catch you later . '' 
 trystan walked into the theater and slipped into a chair while tucker went over the things he wanted to work on that day . 
 a group of girls sat down behind him , like always . 
 sometimes he wished they 'd follow someone else around . 
 trystan could n't focus , he could n't keep his mind here , until he heard monica whispering behind him . 
 she was one of the actors that were always around , but he did n't really know her . 
 `` did you see this ? 
 someone offered day jones a contract . '' 
 she held out her phone and the girl sitting next to her took it . 
 `` holy shit . 
 what 'd he say ? '' 
 chanel spoke too loudly and tucker glared at her . 
 after a small pause , monica whispered , `` nothing . '' 
 chapter 13 ~ mari ~ something was up , but i had no idea what . 
 the way he looked at me was curious . 
 there was something in his eyes that reminded me of panic , but it was more subdued . 
 i could n't place the emotion that darted off his face as soon as seth called his name . 
 looking down at the play book in my lap , i followed along . 
 i no longer fed people their lines . 
 instead , they waited next to me in the wings , waiting for their prompt to enter the stage . 
 brie stood next to me , her arms folded across her chest like she was bored . 
 her blue eyes were watching the actors on stage , completely ignoring me . 
 when i heard her line , i motioned with my hand for her to enter , but she just stood there . 
 `` go , '' i whispered . 
 she should have started walking two seconds ago . 
 the pause will result in a gap in the on-stage banter . 
 she 'd mess up and i 'd get blamed for it . 
 `` i think i know my part better than you , '' she snapped . 
 before i could say anything , she stepped away from me and onto the stage . 
 the lights shone down on her making her crown of golden waves look ethereal . 
 brie was a classic bitch . 
 she had the cheerleader barbie body and all the guys fell all over her . 
 the way she swung her h * ps when she walked made her impossible to ignore . 
 today she had on thigh-high boots coupled with a short skirt and a tiny tee shirt that showed her midriff when she moved her arms . 
 the outfit barely met the school dress code . 
 all eyes were on her as she walked on set . 
 tucker yelled , `` you 're late , levetto ! 
 who the hell is prompting that wing ? '' 
 brie replied sweetly , `` mary jennings . 
 i think she zoned out . '' 
 `` mari , '' i muttered to no one . 
 that girl never said my name right . 
 it was n't mary . 
 it 's mar-e . 
 the muscles in my arms twitched . 
 i wanted to strangle her . 
 brie glanced back at me and smiled like this was funny . 
 `` get out here jennings ! '' 
 tucker 's voice boomed across the stage from his seat in the first row . 
 my cheeks flamed red as i walked out on stage with the play book in my hands . 
 i shot brie a nasty look . 
 trystan was across the room . 
 when i walked on stage , he looked up at me . 
 he was sitting on a kitchen table , his legs dangling . 
 his eyes flicked to tucker . 
 the teacher 's chest puffed up like he was going to explode . 
 i hated public humiliation . 
 if i could run , i would have . 
 trystan stopped swinging his legs and straightened , as he watched tucker have an embolism . 
 `` everyone listen up ! '' 
 mr. tucker yelled . 
 `` a play is only as good as its weakest link and right now that link is miss jennings . '' 
 my face grew hotter , but he did n't stop . 
 brie was smiling like a demented doll . 
 `` take note . 
 anyone who does n't pull his or her weight will do double time . 
 that means no lunch , no free periods . '' 
 some of the students groaned . 
 he waved his meaty fist and they fell silent again . 
 `` let this be an example to all of you . 
 miss jennings , '' he said tartly , his fat face pinched into a scowl , `` you will report here every day for the next week . 
 if you do n't come , i 'm throwing you out . 
 and since this is n't an elective , you 'll have a serious problem come graduation . '' 
 by the time he finished screaming at me , my face was bright crimson . 
 every inch of me was stained . 
 i stood there , pulse pounding taking a beating that should have been dished out to brie . 
 instead of protesting , i nodded . 
 everyone was watching me and the sooner i was in the shadows again , the better . 
 `` good . 
 now that that 's cleared up ... scott , on stage with brie . 
 pick it up from the second half of the second act . '' 
 tucker leaned back in his chair , visibly deflating . 
 everyone cleared off the stage , except for trystan and brie . 
 as people poured out of the wings , no one would look at me . 
 i sat down in my metal chair and flipped the book open to the page trystan rehearsed with me yesterday . 
 brie sashayed up to him and folded her arms across her chest and threw out her hip . 
 bitch is the only role she can play , i thought to myself . 
 god , i hated her . 
 trystan took a deep breath and they started . 
 he said his lines with efficiency , but they did n't sound the way they did the other day . 
 something was n't right . 
 i leaned forward , trying to see him better . 
 trystan 's voice carried across the stage , `` but i did n't . 
 i was a coward . '' 
 brie sighed and switched her weight to her other foot , `` if you had it to do over again , what would you do ? '' 
 instead of sounding like he was winning her over , she sounded annoyed , like he was wasting her time . 
 i did n't want to watch , but i could n't look away . 
 everyone was watching . 
 the wings were filled with actors and the stage crew . 
 each one was silent , wanting to see that kiss . 
 trystan leaned closer to her , slowly , hesitantly , his lips nearly touching hers . 
 he whispered , `` i 'd do this . '' 
 his hands shot out and grabbed her waist . 
 he pulled her tight to his chest and dipped her backward over his arm . 
 her long hair dangled and she screamed . 
 brie 's arms flailed before she slapped trystan in the head . 
 when her hand sailed into his face , trystan lost his grip and dropped her . 
 brie fell to the floor and landed hard on one hip . 
 her short skirt flew up . 
 laughter erupted . 
 it was comical . 
 everything from the slapstick way brie went down to the floral granny panties she was wearing . 
 brie fixed her skirt and jumped up , screaming in trystan 's face , `` you did that on purpose ! '' 
 she shoved him hard , but trystan did n't move . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about , '' he said calmly , but his voice was a little too high , like he was trying not to laugh . 
 tucker pinched the bridge of his nose , watching the shrieking brie assault trystan . 
 when he stood up , the kids in the wings fled , and went back to whatever they were supposed to be doing in the first place . 
 tucker 's deep voice boomed , `` scott ! '' 
 trystan squinted and looked past the stage lights at an irate tucker . 
 `` for the next week , your life belongs to me . 
 every free period , every lunch , every day . 
 and so help me god , if you show up one minute late , i 'm failing you . '' 
 trystan 's eyes went wide . 
 he held up his hands , stepping forward like he was going to protest , but tucker cut him off , `` no ! 
 that 's enough from you today . 
 jennings ! '' 
 he yelled , calling to me . 
 i wanted to die . 
 when brie fell it was awesome , but i did n't want more attention from tucker . 
 i stepped out onto the stage again . 
 when tucker saw me , he said , `` you two . 
 get your act together or you fail . 
 it 's that simple . '' 
 he tossed trystan a set of keys . 
 they arced across the stage and trystan reached out and grabbed them . 
 `` my classroom . 
 both of you . 
 practice until i come for you . '' 
 `` now ? '' 
 trystan asked , intentionally goading the teacher who was about to blow a gasket . 
 if tucker was a cartoon , steam would be screeching out his ears . 
 `` now ! '' 
 trystan nodded his head at me , and i followed him off the stage . 
 we walked to the back and escaped through a side door . 
 as i followed him down the hallway to tucker 's room i had to ask , `` you did that on purpose ? '' 
 he glanced over his shoulder at me , a small smile on his lips , `` of course not . '' 
 the playfulness in his voice was tantamount to saying , hell yeah . 
 `` thanks , '' i replied . 
 trystan stopped and turned toward me . 
 `` brie had it coming . 
 besides , you took a few hits for me over the years . 
 i figured i owed you one . '' 
 he smiled at me softly and shrugged his shoulders , like it did n't matter . 
 `` come on . 
 better get into tucker 's room before he finds us out here . '' 
 `` wait , '' i said , reaching for his shoulder . 
 when my fingers touch him , trystan stopped . 
 his back was to me , but i could see the tension shoot up his spine like a steel rod . 
 he breathed in slowly , like my touch bothered him . 
 i lifted my hand and pulled it back . 
 i felt foolish , and did n't know why . 
 trystan turned and looked down at me , `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 `` i do n't have the play . 
 we ca n't practice anything . '' 
 the corner of trystan 's mouth pulled up , `` that was never my intention . '' 
 chapter 14 ~ trystan ~ when tucker chewed out mari , trystan could n't stand it , but if he said something or did something right then , everyone would know he cared about her . 
 besides , it was better to flip things around and humiliate brie . 
 trystan and brie were an item over a year ago , and brie never let him forget it . 
 she hung on him , acting like they were still together , which pissed off her current boyfriend beyond belief . 
 brie must have fantasied about the two of them fighting over her . 
 although trystan knew how to throw a punch , that was n't going to happen . 
 the entire thing worked out perfectly . 
 as soon as he started saying his lines , trystan knew what he was going to do . 
 brie walked right into it . 
 dipping her back like that made the rest of the dominoes fall in rapid succession . 
 it was perfectly played . 
 and here he was walking back to tucker 's room with mari . 
 alone . 
 he slowed his pace a little , to match hers . 
 `` i do n't know how you used to date her , '' mari said . 
 trystan stared straight ahead , `` she seemed different then . '' 
 `` every girl seems different before you go out . 
 it 's not until after a few months that you see who they really are , '' mari picked an imaginary piece of lint off her shirt . 
 trystan looked at her out of the corner of his eye , smiling , `` yeah , and you 'd know this because ... '' `` i 've dated before trystan . '' 
 she did n't look at him . 
 shrugging she continued , `` he was n't who i thought he was either . 
 he was really sweet at first , and then he turned angry - controlling . '' 
 she laughed like it was funny . 
 trystan felt jealousy twist around his heart and squeeze . 
 mari looked over at him , `` i 'm enough of a control-freak for two people in a relationship . '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 he said sarcastically , grinning at her . 
 she leaned into his side , bumping her shoulder to his . 
 `` you already knew that . 
 why do you think tucker stuck us together in the first place ? '' 
 she pointed her thumbs at her chest , `` control freak perfectionist . 
 he probably thought i 'd beat you with the play until you learned it . '' 
 she was laughing , picturing swatting trystan with a rolled up play book . 
 mari thought she was uptight , but trystan thought she just liked things a certain way . 
 whenever they were together , she made him feel happy to be alive . 
 everything else , every other thing that was weighing him down flittered away when she laughed . 
 he loved that sound , so he made her laugh as much as possible . 
 `` that would have been far more enjoyable , '' trystan smirked with a wicked gleam in his eye . 
 mari 's jaw dropped in a wide smile and she laughed . 
 `` only you would say that . '' 
 `` only you would offer . '' 
 mari shook her head . 
 the smile on her face was aching like it did when trystan was around . 
 `` god , you 're so - '' he stopped and turned toward her , `` so what ? '' 
 they stood motionless for a moment . 
 trystan 's heart raced in his chest , faster and faster as she stood there with her shiny pink lips pulled into that shy smile he loved . 
 when her big chocolate eyes looked up at him from under those dark lashes , he wanted to kiss her . 
 his eyes stayed locked on hers . 
 the amused smirk he often wore around mari lined his lips . 
 trystan put his hands behind his back , clutching them at the wrists so that he did n't try to kiss her again . 
 every inch of him was drawn to her . 
 smiling , he rocked up and down on his feet , his dark brow inching up his face waiting to hear what she had to say . 
 `` do you ever think about anything else ? '' 
 `` does this have something to do with the innuendo ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 mari 's smile was perfect . 
 she laughed and shook her head as she said , `` you 're starting to sound like seth . '' 
 she glanced up and down the hall and then leaned closer to trystan . 
 `` we have a nickname for him , you know . 
 me and katie call him seth sexbot . '' 
 trystan snorted , a wide grin spread across his lips . 
 he watched mari try to repress a giggle , but she could n't . 
 `` when he 's done , he says , i 'll be back . '' 
 she lowered her voice and said the phrase like the famous movie line . 
 trystan burst out laughing . 
 it made the grip on his wrists loosen and his shoulders hunch . 
 he tried not to laugh too loudly , but he could n't help it . 
 the way she said it cracked him up . 
 mari touched his arm , leaning into him , and she said it again . 
 and if it was n't hysterical before , it was now . 
 trystan and mari leaned into each other laughing so hard they thought they 'd fall over . 
 mrs. collen came out of her classroom down the hall , `` no loitering in the halls , mr. scott . 
 get to where you 're going . 
 now . '' 
 that only fueled their giggles more . 
 trystan and mari started to walk down the hallway again . 
 they staggered along , trying to swallow their laughs . 
 when they got to tucker 's door , trystan could barely get the key in the lock . 
 mrs. collen was watching down the hall . 
 finally the key slipped in and the door opened . 
 mari pushed in first , followed by trystan . 
 they both laughed until they could n't breathe . 
 chapter 15 ~ mari ~ after our laughter was spent , trystan made himself comfortable on top of tucker 's desk . 
 his long legs dangled off the sides . 
 i sat opposite him on top of a student desk . 
 for a moment neither of us said anything . 
 then trystan slumped and breathed in deeply . 
 he leaned forward on his hands , which straddled his legs on the edge of the desk . 
 `` can i ask you something ? '' 
 when people ask that question , it 's never something simple . 
 and from the weight in his voice , i knew it was something major . 
 i nod , `` yeah , sure . '' 
 he looked up at me , his blue eyes somber . 
 it makes him look older than he is . 
 no smile lined his lips . 
 `` have you heard of day jones ? 
 that internet guy . '' 
 `` yes . 
 who has n't ? '' 
 he nodded slowly , like he was collecting his thoughts . 
 since that was n't the question i expected him to ask , i was even more intrigued . 
 i leaned forward , mirroring his posture . 
 `` what about him ? 
 did they find out who he is yet ? '' 
 trystan shook his head , `` no . 
 i do n't think so . 
 but it 's not about that . 
 it 's about the song . '' 
 his voice was too somber for this conversation . 
 i did n't know where he was going with it , but it felt like something was wrong . 
 running his hands through his hair , he said , `` i know it 's just another guy with a guitar , but that song - the words - they 're hard to ignore . '' 
 i nodded slowly , watching him watch his shoes nervously . 
 `` i know . 
 i heard it once and the words were burned into my brain . 
 it 's haunting . '' 
 he looked up at me from beneath dark lashes , `` i know . 
 that 's what i wanted to talk about . '' 
 his voice was soft , quiet . 
 i could barely hear him . 
 this was so unlike him that he had my full attention . 
 if a pin dropped right then , it would sound like a sonic boom . 
 i did n't even breathe . 
 it was too loud and before i knew it , i was leaning closer to him . 
 trystan did n't look up at me . 
 instead he stared at the floor , saying , `` if you were ... if you - '' before he asked his question , the door was thrown open and seth walked in . 
 `` what the hell are you doing in here ? '' 
 seth blurted out . 
 as an afterthought , he turned to me and said , `` hey virgin . '' 
 that was the genius nickname he gave me . 
 i stared at him without answering , irritated that he 'd shown up . 
 someone always showed up . 
 just when things with trystan seemed real , one of his friends walked in . 
 the trystan i got a glimpse of immediately vanished like smoke in the wind . 
 glaring at seth , i thought , go away . 
 go away . 
 go away . 
 seth ca n't read minds . 
 he barely has one , but trystan seemed equally annoyed that he walked in . 
 it was too quiet . 
 it 's like we were talking about something that we should n't have been , and when seth walked in all conversation stopped . 
 my skin prickled like this was an omen . 
 i repressed the urge to shiver and smoothed my hands over my arms . 
 something was off . 
 the way trystan 's shoulders slumped , like he physically deflated when he saw seth made me wonder why . 
 it was a tiny movement , one that seth failed to notice , but i did . 
 trystan straightened quickly and that smile he always wore spread across his mouth . 
 `` dude , did you really flash the entire auditorium with brie parker 's panties ? '' 
 seth asked , grinning , practically vibrating with excitement . 
 trystan let out a huff of air and ran his fingers through his hair , `` crap . 
 is that what they 're saying ? 
 she 's going to kill me . '' 
 seth laughed , `` what 'd you do man ? 
 because i really liked the locker room version . 
 it had brie bending over and - '' i cut him off , `` trystan bent her back for a kiss and then dropped her on the floor . 
 by the way , you 're disgusting . '' 
 i folded my arms across my chest . 
 maybe i hated brie , but i did n't want to hear what seth was going to say . 
 it made my skin crawl . 
 sex was a game to guys like him , and i did n't want to hear about it . 
 seth 's smile faded . 
 his voice was hard , `` why are you always here ? 
 every time i go looking for trystan lately , there you are - sitting right next to him . 
 you got a crush on him or something ? 
 hoping for a pity bang ? '' 
 mortification choked me . 
 for a moment all i could do was blink . 
 trystan sat , shoulders slumped , on top of desk until seth said that . 
 suddenly , he sat upright . 
 his tone warning , `` seth . '' 
 when i found my voice i said , `` hanging out with him would suck way less if you were n't around . '' 
 seth laughed , `` funny . 
 i was telling trystan the same thing . '' 
 he shook his head like i was n't worth his time . 
 then he turned to his friend , `` come on , man . 
 let 's get out of here . 
 there 's a set of twins working the 7-eleven and they both have double ds on the rack . '' 
 he laughed like he was hysterical . 
 trystan smirked , but shook his head . 
 `` ca n't . 
 tucker has us in lock down . '' 
 `` so that 's why you 're with her ? 
 tucker 's punishing you by strapping you to a boring chick ? '' 
 seth glanced at me while he spoke . 
 his brows pinched together when he looked back up at trystan . 
 `` something like that , '' trystan replied . 
 `` either way , if i leave this room , i do n't graduate . 
 and if you stay here and tucker sees you , i suspect you 'll be joining us . 
 a week 's in school detention , tucker style . '' 
 seth 's face fell . 
 `` you mean - ? '' 
 `` no free periods , no lunch , no after school nothing . 
 for the next week i 'm in here every day . 
 better run before he adds your name to the list . '' 
 seth turned toward the door , ready to leave , but he still did n't seem to believe trystan . 
 before pulling the door open , he stopped and asked over his shoulder , `` what about the virgin ? 
 did she piss tucker off too ? '' 
 before i could answer , trystan slid off the desk . 
 walking toward his friend , he nodded and said , `` as a matter of fact , yeah , she did . 
 get the hell out of here before he sees you . 
 and if you head back this way before practice is over , sneak us some snacks . '' 
 `` what makes you think i 'm going without you ? '' 
 seth asked . 
 he huffed like a little boy that was told he could n't have more cookies . 
 `` please . 
 double ds on twins . 
 you 're going to be there for the rest of the afternoon , '' trystan slapped his friend on the shoulder and pushed him through the door . 
 before seth was gone , he hissed , `` do n't do it . 
 for god 's sake , do n't f ** king do it . '' 
 they stared at each other . 
 apparently seth knew trystan better than he let on . 
 the two looked like they were having a showdown . 
 i could n't tell who won , but eventually , trystan lowered his gaze and gave a nod before shoving seth out the door . 
 when he pushed the door closed , trystan stood there with his back to me for a moment . 
 he did n't turn around . 
 he did n't speak . 
 pressing my lips together , i slid off the desk and walked over to him . 
 `` what 'd you want to tell me ? 
 about the song ? '' 
 trystan turned . 
 his plastic smile was firmly in place , his lighthearted nature on full display . 
 it was disarming , but i knew exactly what he was doing . 
 `` it was nothing . 
 just curious if you heard it , that 's all . '' 
 he looked me in the eye as he lied to my face . 
 chapter 16 ~ trystan ~ damn , he lied to her . 
 trystan did n't want things like this . 
 he sighed , and ran his fingers through his hair . 
 `` what 's with you lately ? 
 one second your all intense and the next you 're all smiles . '' 
 mari asked . 
 trystan looked up at her , his eyes drinking in her face . 
 what if seth was wrong ? 
 what if mari liked him ? 
 that look said she cared , but he did n't know what to do . 
 heart pounding , he said , `` it 's her . 
 the girl . 
 i feel lost , mari . 
 i ca n't take it much longer . '' 
 she was quiet for a moment . 
 mari watched him sitting on the desk . 
 the smile fell off his lips as trystan leaned forward , putting all his weight on his hands , and stared at the floor . 
 his voice sounded strained . 
 `` then tell her , '' she urged . 
 trystan glanced up at her from under his brow . 
 the way she looked at him made him think he should . 
 that if he said it , she would believe him . 
 but seth 's words rang through his mind . 
 the image of the bullet being fired from the gun , and the inability to take it back . 
 once he said it , there was no going back . 
 silence filled the room . 
 mari finally said , `` what do you have to lose ? 
 it 's not like you 're friends . 
 it 's not like you 'd be risking one relationship for the other , so - '' the way he looked at her when she spoke made the floor of her stomach fall . 
 she stopped midsentence . 
 `` you already know her , do n't you ? '' 
 `` she 's one of my best friends , '' he answered softly . 
 `` i doubt she even realizes it . '' 
 mari 's brown gaze was hypnotic . 
 trystan could n't look away even though it pulled him in deeper . 
 the feeling in his stomach , the alluring pull that made him reckless urged him to say it , but trystan kept his jaw locked . 
 she had to figure it out on her own . 
 that 's the only way she 'll believe me , he thought . 
 but mari did n't say anything . 
 she remained lost in trystan 's gaze , her dark curls dangling over her shoulders as she sat on the desk across from him . 
 it felt like time stopped . 
 trystan did n't want to blink . 
 he wanted to remember this moment , everything about it . 
 the way her perfectly pink lips were slightly parted , the way she leaned toward him like she knew , and the way her eyes locked with his - he could feel the connection with her in his core . 
 it tugged at him at first , calling him back to her . 
 but now it assaulted him day and night . 
 there was nothing without mari . 
 pulse pounding in his ears , trystan did n't notice tucker until the door scraped open . 
 trystan quickly looked away , breaking the connection . 
 the stirring in his stomach faded and it felt like he lost part of himself . 
 `` off , '' tucker snapped at trystan . 
 trystan slid off the teacher 's desk and walked around to sit a row over and behind mari . 
 she watched him pass , but he could n't tell what she was thinking , if she knew he was talking about her . 
 `` you two are pushing your luck . 
 you are aware of that , right ? '' 
 tucker said looking at each of them . 
 `` i did n't do anything to brie , '' mari said , but tucker held up his hand and she stopped speaking . 
 `` your job , jennings , is to get them out onto the stage at the right time . '' 
 `` she did it on purpose , '' mari muttered . 
 `` so was trystan 's little stunt . '' 
 he looked back at trystan . 
 `` that little stunt should have been a suspension , scott . '' 
 `` there 's no way to prove it was intentional , '' trystan replied dryly . 
 `` she punched me in the head and i dropped her . 
 could have happened to anyone . '' 
 `` that kind of crap does n't happen to guys like you , '' tucker replied . 
 beads of sweat lined his face , `` enough of this . 
 whatever is going on with you scott has to stop . 
 get back on stage and do it right this time . '' 
 trystan slid off the desk and walked out the door . 
 as he left the classroom he could hear mari defending herself , but he knew tucker would n't listen . 
 brie had him wrapped around her little finger . 
 chapter 17 ~ mari ~ i left practice early , since tucker said he could n't stand the sight of me . 
 the only reason he called trystan back was because he was needed or they could n't practice . 
 as i left the building katie caught up with me . 
 `` hey , why are you leaving early ? '' 
 she ran up next to me , smiling , happy to have someone to walk home with . 
 `` tucker tossed me . '' 
 before she could ask , i added , `` brie set me up , tucker made an example . 
 my life sucks . 
 what else is new ? '' 
 `` that was harsh . 
 he threw you out ? '' 
 i nodded , `` yeah . 
 why are you still here ? '' 
 she grinned , `` math help . 
 i needed a tutor . '' 
 `` jack king is the teacher 's aide at the extra help session again , is n't he ? '' 
 `` yes , and i seriously need extra help when i 'm around him . '' 
 she fanned herself , and laughed , `` he 's so hot that i ca n't think . 
 oh , and his cologne . 
 damn , when he 's standing over my shoulder ... well , you know . '' 
 `` you 're horrible , you know that ? '' 
 i laughed as i said it . 
 katie said , `` so what 's up ? 
 you avoid trystan all day like i said ? '' 
 i did n't answer . 
 `` mari ! 
 what 'd you do ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' i replied not wanting to talk about it . 
 the truth was i had no idea what happened . 
 one moment trystan was going to tell me something about day jones , the next he says he 's having girl issues . 
 if i did n't know better , i would have thought he was talking about me . 
 but that 's impossible . 
 i pushed aside the thought . 
 it was a little too close to a dream to even consider . 
 things that raised my hope , that teeter on the edge of impossibility , only hurt harder when you smack face-first into the ground . 
 katie stopped walking . 
 we were standing in front of the school where the buses drop off . 
 there was n't anyone else around . 
 `` stop letting him screw with your head . 
 the guy 's a player mari . 
 look at his best friend for chrissakes . 
 seth sexbot . '' 
 she shook her head , her eyebrows rising with her voice . 
 `` he 's not like that , '' the words slipped out of my mouth before i realized what i was saying . 
 katie grabbed both my shoulders and shook me , `` do you hear yourself ? 
 he 's not like that ? 
 is there anyone in that entire group of theater girls that he has n't nailed ? '' 
 `` me , '' i said softly . 
 `` exactly , '' she said forcefully . 
 katie had always been like a sister to me . 
 she said what i needed to hear , which was n't always what i wanted to hear . 
 this time , i definitely did not want to hear it . 
 it was like she could tell . 
 her hands flew as she spoke , `` wake up mari . 
 he 's not that kind of guy . 
 you 're the only one . 
 get a clue . 
 if he 's paying attention to you , now you know why . 
 seth and him are n't that different , it just looks different for the girl . 
 trystan 's seduction is more tempting , but in the end you 're just another chick to check off the list . '' 
 her words smashed into me . 
 i did n't want to hear them . 
 it felt like she was throwing bricks at my stomach . 
 i wanted to double over and cry . 
 katie wrapped her arm around my shoulders . 
 i did n't shirk her off . 
 softly , she said , `` he 'll hurt you . '' 
 the quiver in her voice was like being doused by cold water . 
 my first boyfriend hurt me . 
 he was the only one i was serious about and katie knew it . 
 trystan was not a step up . 
 if anything , he was a step down and backwards . 
 he 'd hurt me . 
 in the end , he would . 
 it 's the way he was . 
 katie was right . 
 i 'd seen it over and over again . 
 sitting next to him in the prop room i 'd asked him once , `` why is your life expectancy on relationships so short ? 
 they do n't die that fast , you know . 
 there 's more there than sex . '' 
 he 'd looked at me with those glittering blue eyes . 
 a wicked grin lined his lips . 
 `` not that i 've seen . '' 
 `` you have n't stayed long enough to find out . '' 
 his answer had upset me . 
 as if he could tell , he looked around to make sure no one saw . 
 when he leaned in close to my ear he said , `` i have n't found anyone worth staying for . '' 
 `` that 's because you 're dating the skank squad , trystan . '' 
 i rolled my eyes as i said it . 
 `` and you 'd be different ? '' 
 he said amused . 
 `` how ? '' 
 i did n't answer him that day . 
 i dated with my whole heart and there was no way i was giving it to someone who would tear it out of my chest without a backward glance . 
 katie thought trystan was that person . 
 i nodded at katie , `` i know you 're right . 
 i 'm just having trouble getting my head and my heart in the same place . '' 
 katie slid her arm down and side hugged me , practically squeezing me to death . 
 `` ah , i know how to fix that . 
 your heart is easily confused . 
 let 's toss some chocolate at it and next time you get a free period , come and drool at mathboy with me . '' 
 `` deal , '' i said , not bothering to explain that it would n't be for a week . 
 if she knew i was stuck with trystan for several additional hours every day , she 'd insist that i transfer to a new school . 
 maybe it was inevitable . 
 maybe trystan was destined to break my heart . 
 i did n't want to find out . 
 chapter 18 ~ trystan ~ trystan slipped away from practice as soon as humanly possible . 
 there was no food at home . 
 he 'd have to run into the deli and hope sam was still there . 
 the door chimed as he walked inside the small shop . 
 the deli was n't big , but the owner was great . 
 trystan called out , `` sam ? 
 you here ? '' 
 a small man with dark skin walked out of the back room , `` trystan scott . 
 what can i do for you ? '' 
 `` can we barter this week ? '' 
 sam walked up to the counter and looked at trystan . 
 he knew the kid was on his own and had been for some time . 
 whatever so-called parent was supposed to be taking care of him deserved a punch in the face . 
 trystan was a good kid . 
 `` sure , grab whatever you need and set it up here . '' 
 trystan went through the shop grabbing what he needed , checking dates , and trying to pick up things that had been reduced . 
 when he was done , there were two bags filled with food . 
 sam tallied the items as he put them in . 
 `` not bad . 
 only $ 45 . 
 you can work that off in one day . '' 
 trystan had done the math in his head as he picked up the items . 
 `` no charity , sam . 
 you shaved off nine bucks . '' 
 sam 's face reddened a little . 
 he looked down at his pad and said , `` it 's not charity . 
 i was going to throw those things out . '' 
 `` we do this every couple weeks , sam . 
 i try to get as little as possible and you always forget to add something in . 
 come on , i do n't want a hand out . 
 i 'm good for it . 
 i 'll work saturday and sunday , the 5:00 am shift . 
 i 'll see you then . '' 
 trystan reached for the bags . 
 sam pushed the groceries toward the young man . 
 `` you 're a good kid . 
 do n't let anyone tell you otherwise . '' 
 trystan smiled at the old guy . 
 it was a lopsided grin , filled with pride . 
 sam was one of the few people who could evoke that emotion . 
 trystan nodded and headed out the door . 
 when he arrived home , he swallowed hard . 
 his dad was home . 
 the lights were blazing in the windows , the sound of the television wafted out the front door . 
 trystan pulled opened the rusted screen , balancing the paper bag on his hip . 
 nights like this made him what he was - an actor , a liar . 
 his dad was a thin man well past his prime . 
 he sat in a tee shirt and shorts in front of the tv with a beer can in his hand . 
 it was still early . 
 he 'd move onto the hard stuff later . 
 `` where the hell have you been ? '' 
 dad grumbled not bothering to look at his son . 
 `` school . 
 then i stopped at the store for some food . 
 i got some of that pasta you like . 
 i thought i 'd make it for us for dinner . '' 
 it felt like he was walking on egg shells . 
 dad worked to pay the bills , but he did n't bother buying food or cooking . 
 trystan learned how to use the stove before most kids could tie their shoes . 
 dad scoffed , `` you expect me to believe that ? '' 
 trystan did n't bother pointing to the grocery bags . 
 he knew it was pointless . 
 `` i 'm talking to you , boy . 
 when are you going to stop lying to me ? '' 
 trystan stepped in front of his father , blocking his view of the tv . 
 one grocery bag was clutched in each arm . 
 `` i 'm not lying . '' 
 `` then what the hell is this ? '' 
 his dad asked , holding up a guitar . 
 trystan 's heart clenched . 
 for a second all he could do was stare . 
 he 'd hidden it , locked it in his room . 
 `` yeah , i thought so . 
 my son 's a fag , singing fairy songs around a campfire . 
 perfect . '' 
 trystan saved his money forever to get that instrument . 
 it was an acoustic guitar with honey wood . 
 it came from a second-hand shop , but it still cost more than he had . 
 he saved his money for months to get it . 
 since then it 'd been hidden in his room at the top of his closet . 
 he 'd put enough stuff around it to block it from view . 
 but that did n't matter since it was sitting on his father 's lap . 
 trystan tried smiling . 
 ignoring the comments , he walked to the kitchen counter and placed the groceries down . 
 part of him hoped the guitar would be forgotten , but his dad kept it clutched on his lap . 
 trystan made dinner . 
 it was a generic hamburger helper without the meat . 
 he walked a plate of it over to his dad . 
 last time they 'd eaten it , he liked it a lot . 
 this time was different . 
 trystan would never forget this time . 
 when he reached out to hand dad his plate , the old man swatted at it . 
 `` i 'm not eating that shit . 
 you stole it . 
 like you stole this ! '' 
 dad shot out of his chair . 
 trystan watched the plate go flying , the noodles stuck to the wall before they slid down leaving a rust colored stain in their wake . 
 trystan took a deep breath , trying to brace himself . 
 he knew it was coming . 
 there was no reasoning with him when he was like this . 
 it was one of the few times trystan wished his dad was a sip away from passing out . 
 but he was n't and he was angry . 
 `` i bought it , dad . 
 i have a job . '' 
 `` you think i ca n't provide for you ? 
 is that it ? '' 
 he advanced on his son . 
 trystan stepped back . 
 `` no , that 's not it . 
 you work hard . 
 you should n't have to cook and get groceries too . '' 
 it 's not what he thought , but now was n't the time for that . 
 `` damn right , '' his father said , taking another step forward . 
 `` i take care of you . 
 i give you everything i have . 
 everything . 
 and you repay me like this . '' 
 he pointed to the guitar . 
 shaking his head , dad looked down at the instrument . 
 one second he was calm , like he was going to hand it back , but trystan saw the tell . 
 his father 's lips pressed together tightly , his biceps twitching as tension corded his muscles tighter and tighter . 
 the guitar swung forward and smashed against the floor . 
 it made a cacophony of notes and cracking wood as it splintered . 
 wood flew through the room as the strings popped off one by one . 
 his father held the neck of the broken instrument in his hands . 
 a single string was still attached . 
 trystan swallowed hard . 
 rage flowed through his body , barely in check . 
 he wanted this to end , but there was nowhere else to go . 
 he had to stay here until graduation . 
 that was his way out . 
 he 'd already spoken to the military recruiter . 
 he had to keep his nose clean until then . 
 he could n't fight back . 
 `` put it down , '' trystan said , his voice deeper than usual . 
 dad laughed , as he stepped forward , brandishing the piece of the guitar like a weapon . 
 `` why do n't you make me . 
 show me who 's the man here , trystan . '' 
 without warning , his dad 's arm swung . 
 the piece of wood collided into trystan 's thigh , sending a sharp burst of pain through his hip . 
 knowing it was pointless to talk , he turned and bounded down the hallway to his room . 
 he ran inside and pushed the door shut . 
 his hand reached for the deadbolt , but grabbed only air . 
 it was gone . 
 `` shit , '' trystan said , panicked . 
 just then his dad tried to crash through the door . 
 trystan kept his body braced against it to keep him out . 
 with each slam , trystan flinched . 
 just like old times , he thought . 
 but now i 'm old enough to keep you out , even without the lock . 
 trystan knew the old man would n't learn . 
 he 'd keep beating the door until he passed out or trystan did from lack of sleep . 
 hours passed . 
 his father screamed at him for the first few , but eventually it grew quiet . 
 trystan slid down the door , but kept his body pressed against it , ready to brace himself if his dad tried to force it open again . 
 it was after 1:00 am the next time he heard his dad 's voice , `` it was your fault , you know . '' 
 pain shot through trystan 's heart , threatening to tear him in half . 
 he 'd always though it was his fault , but hearing his dad say it was unbearable . 
 he swallowed the knot in his throat and replied , `` i never said it was n't . '' 
 `` you were too much for her . 
 she said it over and over again . '' 
 he did n't remember his mother leaving . 
 there were no pictures of her , only faded memories that he was n't even sure were real . 
 trystan hung his head , lowering it to his knees . 
 his arms were wrapped around his ankles , his back still pressed firmly to the door . 
 `` never fall in love , trystan . 
 it 's the fastest way into hell . 
 once you 're there , you ca n't escape . '' 
 the sound of the bottle clunking against the floor told him that it was empty . 
 dad would pass out any second . 
 trystan 's eyes blurred , partly from weariness , partly because he saw himself in his father . 
 dad let love destroy him and trystan was doing the same thing . 
 chapter 19 ~ mari ~ later that night , i tossed my backpack on my bed and went to my computer . 
 before i could turn on the screen , my mom popped up in the doorway . 
 `` absolutely not , young lady . '' 
 i cringed . 
 she only called me that when i did something wrong . 
 it was the verbal equivalent of smacking a dog on the snout with a newspaper . 
 she thinks that i crapped on the carpet . 
 `` what 'd i do ? '' 
 tapping her foot with her arms folded over her chest , she asked sharply , `` what do you think ? '' 
 shaking my head , i said , `` i do n't know . 
 there are so many things - '' she stepped toward me and the rest of my snark died on my lips . 
 `` your english teacher called today . 
 he said you were n't behaving in class . 
 is it true ? 
 did you really fall asleep in class ? 
 how could you ! '' 
 i took a breath to steady myself , `` i did n't fall asleep . 
 some girl missed her cue and tucker took it out on me . 
 she lied , mom . 
 i told her . 
 i was awake and doing my part . 
 you know the drama class has a diva in it . 
 i pissed off the diva and she got me in trouble . '' 
 `` how 'd you piss her off ? '' 
 i shrug , `` no idea , but i doubt her attack was random . 
 she 's a bitch , but she only does stuff like that when it makes her look good . '' 
 i laughed , remembering the look on her face when trystan dropped her . 
 brie is going to be gunning for him now . 
 the two had been an item at one point , which was another reason why i should n't be infatuated with trystan scott . 
 ewe . 
 mom sighed and closed her eyes . 
 when she opened them again , she seemed calmer . 
 `` you have detention all week ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` well , do whatever you have to and stay away from brie . 
 her mother is equally mental . '' 
 she turned and started to walk out of my room . 
 before she left she said over her shoulder , `` do n't let this affect your other classes . 
 make sure you keep up with your homework , mari . '' 
 `` i 've got it covered , ma . '' 
 when she left i turned back to the computer and pulled up the youtube video of day jones . 
 i listened to the song again , loving it even more . 
 he was perfect . 
 everything i wanted was in that song . 
 the way he sang to her was so real . 
 his voice was filled with so much pain , so much longing . 
 his words stuck with me long after the music stopped . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i asked the screen . 
 i bet i sounded like every other teenage girl in america , drooling over day jones . 
 my gaze lingered on the comments , and i scrolled down . 
 day did n't say anything else , but there were agents on there saying they wanted to represent him . 
 scrolling further , i saw a post from a record label with instructions to contact them . 
 wow . 
 i sat there in shock staring at the screen . 
 day jones looked like he was on his way to being a hit , but he remained hidden . 
 i wondered if he was chronically shy or burned in acid or something . 
 most people wanted to be rich and famous , and from the look of it , that was where day jones ' song would take him . 
 ____ lunch was my first free period . 
 i walked to detention , rounding the corner just as trystan did . 
 we nearly collided . 
 reaching out , he took my hand and pulled me towards tucker 's room , `` his clock is fast . 
 we need to hurry . '' 
 just as we stepped into the room , the class clock ticked . 
 tucker 's gut hung over his belt , `` cutting it too close , you two . '' 
 we both nodded , and for once trystan was quiet . 
 tucker dabbed beads of sweat from his forehead with a handkerchief and led us to his massive closet . 
 it looked like a bomb went off . 
 papers , books , and plays were everywhere . 
 there was no order , no way to find anything . 
 the gruff man pocketed his hankie and walked into the closet and flicked the light on . 
 `` the two of you will be doing this for the rest of today . 
 clean it . 
 make it look brand new . 
 you , '' he said pointing to me , `` pay attention because scott will forget . '' 
 i glanced at trystan , wondering if it bothered him that the teacher thought he was a moron . 
 i wondered if the forgetfulness was an act . 
 tucker pointed a chubby finger at the dusty shelves . 
 `` novels there , plays there , and textbooks there . 
 roll up the posters and put them in that box . 
 just make it clean and organized with the rest of this stuff . 
 put the old stuff we do n't use on the top shelves . '' 
 i open my mouth to ask how we can tell which stuff is old , but tucker cut me off , `` you 'll know . 
 if it looks like something from a previous decade , shelve it . 
 funding is too dismal to throw anything out , '' he grumbled , walking out of the closet . 
 while he showed us where to put things , trystan and i hung back in the doorway looking in . 
 his classroom was empty since it was tucker 's lunch hour . 
 the sound of the clock ticking filled my ears . 
 when tucker exited the closet , he shoved in a chair to stand on and held open the door . 
 i walked through and surveyed the mess . 
 when i looked up trystan was still standing on the other side of the door . 
 `` get in there , scott , '' tucker said , pushing on trystan 's back , making him step into the closet with me . 
 `` and if i find out that she did all the work , your free period tomorrow will suck even more . 
 get to it . '' 
 tucker released the knob and the heavy oak door closed . 
 we were alone . 
 trystan breathed in deeply , which made him sneeze . 
 it was insanely dusty in there . 
 `` it 's not that bad , '' i said to him , trying to move the chair to the other corner . 
 the closet was a walk-in . 
 it had shelves that stretched floor to ceiling . 
 there was just enough room for trystan and me to move around without bumping into each other . 
 if tucker stayed we would have felt like sardines . 
 thankfully he left . 
 since it was his lunch hour , we would n't see him again until the bell rang . 
 i ran my finger over a shelf and it came up coated in white dust . 
 `` gross . '' 
 trystan tossed me a damp towel that tucker left behind with a small bucket . 
 we wiped down the shelves , moving things around in silence . 
 eventually trystan and i ended up shoulder to shoulder . 
 he 'd pick up something off the shelf and look at it while i wiped up the dust . 
 `` what the hell does he use this stuff for ? '' 
 trystan was holding a record in his hands , flipping it over . 
 he glanced around , `` there is n't anything to play it on . '' 
 i shrugged , `` maybe his mom gave it to him . 
 it 's sentimental . '' 
 trystan snort-laughed . 
 `` yeah , i can see that . '' 
 he cleared his throat and spoke in a girlie voice , `` here 's your present for getting a teaching job at dilapidated high . '' 
 i smiled as he said it , trying not to laugh . 
 when he did tucker 's voice , i could n't help myself . 
 `` oh ! 
 a linguistics record ! '' 
 he pressed his hands together , `` just what i always wanted . '' 
 he impersonated tucker down to the last syllable . 
 `` stop it , '' i laughed , snapping the dirty towel at him . 
 `` i do n't know about you , but i want to have time to eat something when we 're done . '' 
 `` you think we 'll finish this in less than an hour ? 
 are you insane ? '' 
 a tilt of my head said yes we will and no i 'm not crazy . 
 `` this is nothing . 
 it just looks messy . '' 
 i took the chair and slid it against the shelves so i could reach the top . 
 `` how about you hand me stuff and i 'll organize it and make it look nice . '' 
 trystan handed me records , posters , and other archaic teaching aides . 
 i put them on the upper shelves as neatly as possible while we talked . 
 trystan handed me another poster . 
 i reached , trying to get it on the back of the top shelve with the others . 
 the chair started to slip , but trystan stopped it . 
 his hands shot out , gripping my legs as i lost my balance and clutched the shelves . 
 `` whoa . 
 easy , mari . '' 
 clutching the shelf , i laughed lightly and looked down at him . 
 trystan 's grip on my legs loosened , and he stepped back . 
 `` sorry , i 'm a bit of a klutz . '' 
 when i released the shelf my hands were shaking . 
 i could n't hide it from him . 
 `` no , you 're fine . 
 where 's your lunch ? 
 i 'll go grab it . 
 you 're probably just hungry . '' 
 i told him where it was and he turned to the door to get it , but when he tried to turn the knob , it would n't twist . 
 trystan looked at the knob , still gripping it in his hand . 
 his shoulders tensed . 
 `` it 's locked . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i squeaked , climbing off the chair , and nearly falling into trystan 's back . 
 i hopped a step to keep from falling and only smacked into trystan a little bit . 
 the room suddenly felt too small . 
 my heart was racing . 
 when my hand touched trystan 's back , he jumped . 
 he pressed his forehead to the door . 
 i shoved past him to try the knob myself . 
 when it did n't open i felt insane , `` oh my god ! '' 
 i beat my hands against the door , hoping someone was out there . 
 `` help ! 
 let us out ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 trystan grabbed my wrists , and stopped me . 
 `` no one is out there . 
 tucker 's at lunch . 
 do n't bother . '' 
 i felt frantic . 
 when i spoke , my voice was too high , too tense , `` i ca n't be locked in here . 
 i ca n't . 
 there 's not enough air . '' 
 `` awh , fuck , '' trystan said pushing his hand through his hair . 
 `` you 're claustrophobic ? '' 
 `` no , '' my voice was wispy and light . 
 it hardly came out as i stared at the door unblinking . 
 `` i just do n't want to suffocate in a closet . '' 
 he grabbed my shoulders and turned me around , `` you wo n't . 
 listen to me . 
 it 's fine . 
 there 's more than enough air in here . 
 it 's the same as before . '' 
 i nodded slowly as he spoke , staring into space . 
 panic was licking at the inside of my belly making me jumpy . 
 trystan continued to speak in soothing tones . 
 when i did n't answer him , he pulled me down to the floor with him . 
 we both sat against the door , hip to hip . 
 `` put your fingers here , '' he pulled my hand to the gap between the door and the floor . 
 cool air rushed over my fingers . 
 there was a slight breeze , almost . 
 the fear gripping my heart faded a little . 
 looking over at him , i asked , `` how 'd you know that would help ? '' 
 `` you would n't believe that i sleep in a closet under the stairs , would you ? '' 
 i smiled a little and tried to fold my arms over my chest . 
 trystan held onto my hand , so i could n't move it . 
 `` keep it there . 
 feeling cooler moving air helps . '' 
 i nodded and left my hands by the gap under the door . 
 trystan started to talk about other things , things that would distract me . 
 while he spoke i wondered how much time he spent in small spaces . 
 he was tense , every muscle wound tight like he hated it , but he did n't freak out the way i did . 
 eventually i asked , `` you have it , too ? 
 do n't you ? '' 
 silence was my answer . 
 trystan smoothed his thumb over the back of my hand . 
 looking at the floor he said , `` maybe . 
 i got stuck in the closet once when i was little . 
 spent an entire day there before they found me . 
 at least we have light in here . 
 for some reason it 's worse when it 's dark . '' 
 he stroked my smooth skin as he spoke . 
 his gaze was distant , like he was remembering something he wanted to forget . 
 i nodded slowly , and took a deep breath trying to steady my pulse . 
 `` he 's going to kill us - tucker , i mean . 
 we did n't do much . '' 
 `` he locked us in a closet and left the room . 
 i do n't think he 'll say anything to anyone , '' trystan said flatly . 
 after a moment , i ask , `` how much time is left ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 my watch is in my locker . 
 i took it off for gym and forgot to put it back on this morning . '' 
 i glanced down at our hands between us , noticing the gentle way he stroked my skin . 
 trystan watched me . 
 when i lifted my gaze , his eyes met mine . 
 my stomach twisted and suddenly the locked door did n't frighten me so much . 
 trystan 's eyes bore into me . 
 i could feel it . 
 combined with his touch , i could n't breathe . 
 `` mari , '' he said softly , his eyes fixated on my lips like he wanted to taste them . 
 when his blue gaze finally lifted to my eyes , it felt like i 'd die . 
 every inch of my body was screaming for his touch , but my mind was chastising me , echoing katie 's words of warning to stay away from him . 
 a kiss meant something . 
 trystan 's kisses did n't . 
 but that was n't enough to make me move . 
 he turned toward me and lifted his hand to my cheek . 
 his fingers slid across my face , slowly moving toward my lips . 
 his gaze was intense , his breathing slow and steady . 
 when his finger touched my lips , he leaned closer , closing the space between us . 
 my heart pounded in my chest . 
 frantic cries for help rang out in my mind . 
 where the hell was seth when you needed him ? 
 i could n't do this . 
 i could n't kiss him . 
 trystan 's thumb was on my lip , stroking it like he savored the sensation . 
 he leaned in painfully slow , stopping when he was within a breath of my lips . 
 his hands laced back into my hair and i could n't move . 
 every inch of me wanted to feel his lips on mine . 
 my mind was the only part warring within me . 
 trembling , i sat perfectly still , my eyes locked on his , watching him , waiting for the kiss i did n't want . 
 it would melt my brain . 
 it would make me want him more . 
 instead of closing the space , trystan stayed there . 
 blinking slowly , he said , `` kiss me . '' 
 his voice was deeper than usual , his tone gentle . 
 `` kiss me , mari . '' 
 the request made butterflies swarm in my stomach . 
 trystan 's hands were splayed on my cheeks . 
 all i had to do was lean in . 
 he was less than an inch from me . 
 when he spoke those sexy words , his breath on my lips made me shudder . 
 i did n't want the moment to end , but this was n't real . 
 this was trystan locked in a closet with a girl and making the most of it . 
 kisses did n't mean anything to him and i 'd already given him one of mine . 
 he could n't have another . 
 when the thought crossed my mind , i pressed my lips together and looked down . 
 it broke the eye contact that had me paralyzed . 
 my pulse roared in my ears . 
 it felt like i could n't suck in air fast enough . 
 trystan 's hands slid down to my shoulders , and he pulled me to him , holding my forehead to his . 
 he closed his eyes , breathing hard . 
 neither of us moved . 
 we sat like that too long . 
 i savored the feeling of his hands on my shoulders , feeling their strength and warmth , and pictured them holding me tight . 
 it felt like forever , but it could have been only a few minutes . 
 i do n't know . 
 but when we heard footfalls coming toward the closet , we broke apart . 
 there was remorse in his gaze , almost like trystan did n't want this to end . 
 it made my heart lurch , but i let him go . 
 trystan jumped up and sat on the chair . 
 the way he looked down at me broke my heart . 
 there was a haunted expression in his eyes . 
 it was the one he hid at all cost . 
 it only appeared when he was really upset and today it was crystal clear . 
 chapter 20 ~ trystan ~ when tucker closed the closet door , trystan 's heart slapped into his ribs . 
 he swallowed hard and tried to ignore it . 
 ever since he was a little kid , he did n't like being confined to small spaces . 
 his father had thrown him in a dark closet too many times to not be affected by it . 
 at least there was a light in here . 
 and it 's not like they were locked in . 
 trystan followed mari 's lead and helped her clean until she nearly fell . 
 things changed after that . 
 finding the door locked , trystan tensed even more . 
 it was n't until he realized mari was freaking out that he snapped out of it . 
 sitting with her was bliss . 
 trystan tried to be content feeling the smooth skin on her hand , but he wanted more . 
 he needed her . 
 they 'd be good together . 
 if she gave him a chance she 'd see it . 
 but trystan knew he 's said too many things too many times for her to give him that chance . 
 she 'd be crazy if she did . 
 after a moment , trystan noticed her gaze on his hand . 
 she watched him slide his thumb across her skin and when she looked up at him , trystan could n't help it . 
 the way her eyes met his , like she was frightened . 
 he wanted to protect her . 
 he wanted to hold her close and tell her it would be okay , but all he could do was return her gaze . 
 every second he maintained that connection was another second he knew he loved her . 
 `` mari ... '' he breathed her name like it was life . 
 watching her , he felt the pull - the magnetic lock - that drew him to her . 
 those pink lips were so smooth , so perfect . 
 he wanted to kiss her . 
 he wanted to taste her . 
 he wanted to learn the curves of her mouth and feel her kiss him back . 
 and not because she was rehearsing some lines from a play . 
 he wanted her to kiss him back because she wanted to , because she felt something for him . 
 trystan 's hand floated slowing toward mari 's face . 
 she sat perfectly still , her eyes locked with his , her breath slowly filling her body again and again . 
 she seemed as hypnotized as he was . 
 trystan leaned closer to her , but instead of kissing her , he rested his finger on her lips . 
 he traced his finger along her lower lip , feeling how soft it was before tracing the bow on her upper lip . 
 mari did n't move . 
 she seemed lost in his eyes . 
 the fluttering in trystan 's stomach increased to intolerable when he traded his pointer finger for his thumb . 
 rubbing his thumb gently on her lower lip , he thought about tasting that lip . 
 he thought about leaning forward , closing the short distance between them , and kissing her . 
 but he could n't do that to her . 
 she 'd think he took advantage of her . 
 no , she had to want him to . 
 `` kiss me , '' he breathed . 
 his lips were so close to hers . 
 she barely had to move , but it made all the difference . 
 if she kissed him , it would be all right . 
 his heart pounded wildly . 
 trystan 's skin felt like it was on fire . 
 he 'd never done this before and any girl this close to his lips would have kissed him instantly , but mari did n't move . 
 lost in her gaze , he whispered , `` kiss me , mari . '' 
 his heart soared when he said it a second time . 
 saying her name , asking her to kiss him made him feel every inch of his body . 
 he burned for her touch . 
 there was nothing he wanted more . 
 thoughts of mari filled his mind every waking moment , and when he dreamed he thought of her . 
 mari seemed like she was going to kiss him . 
 she did n't pull away . 
 her body was strung as tight as trystan 's . 
 he could see it in her eyes and feel it in her breath as it flowed over his lips . 
 when his hands tangled in her hair , he did n't think he could wait any more . 
 mari finally blinked , breaking the moment , and turned her face away from him . 
 she looked down , but trystan did n't release her . 
 instead he lowered his hands to her shoulders and pulled her forehead to his . 
 for the next few moments no one said anything . 
 he kept his hands on her , steadying her , feeling the curve of her shoulders beneath her shirt . 
 trystan focused on the sound of her breathing , fighting the urge to pull her into his arms . 
 when tucker showed up , the moment shattered . 
 chapter 21 ~ mari ~ my chest rose as i breathed in deeply , trying to steady myself . 
 i remained seated against the door , and when tucker pulled it open , i fell out backward . 
 `` miss jennings , '' he started to scold me , but trystan cut him off . 
 `` you locked us in the closet . 
 correction , you locked a claustrophobic girl in a closet . 
 with no lunch . '' 
 trystan did n't move from the chair . 
 he was sitting forward , leaning on his elbows . 
 he looked up at tucker , his voice filled with unspoken threats . 
 tucker 's expression changed from fury to shock . 
 he bent over to help me up , sputtering apologizes . 
 `` i had no idea . 
 why did n't you say something ? '' 
 before i could reply , tryst said , `` i do n't think the school board will care why she did n't say anything . 
 i think they 'll be more interested to learn why the door was locked with us inside . '' 
 trystan stood and faced tucker after he deposited me at a desk . 
 `` if you have something to say , scott , say it . '' 
 tucker tensed as he spoke . 
 this was the kind of mistake that would be severely reprimanded and trystan knew it . 
 trystan slipped his hands into his pockets and shrugged . 
 `` how about a trade ? 
 mine and miss jennings ' silence for free period passes for the rest of the semester . '' 
 `` you 're blackmailing me ? '' 
 tucker growled . 
 trystan walked past him and stopped next to me . 
 `` no , it 's a trade . 
 something that helps you for something that helps us . '' 
 tucker turned to look at me , but trystan stood between us . 
 trystan squared his broad shoulders like he needed to protect me . 
 `` you 're lucky i was in there , or you would have opened the door and found her hyperventilated on the floor . 
 the passes make up for it . '' 
 it was strange . 
 the way trystan acted , the way he flew between me and tucker . 
 i was slightly horrified by trystan 's demands , but i was too frazzled to interject . 
 `` where will you go ? 
 you ca n't wander the school . '' 
 tucker 's hand was on his double chin like he was considering it . 
 `` the prop room . 
 leave the door unlocked . 
 you can check on us if you want . '' 
 trystan folded his arms over his chest . 
 the way he said it was insane . 
 it did n't sound like he was asking at all . 
 he was telling tucker what he wanted for his silence . 
 i expected tucker to say no . 
 but he did n't . 
 instead , he crossed the room to his desk and grabbed two passes . 
 `` if you get caught , i had nothing to do with this . '' 
 trystan walked up behind him and stopped on the other side of the desk . 
 they faced each other . 
 `` if we get caught , you 'll tell them you gave us permission . 
 this is an all or nothing kind of deal , unless you want us to mention parts of what happened today . 
 there are several parts that sound kind of damning . '' 
 tucker scribbled on the pass , taking in a deep breath as trystan spoke . 
 when he finished , tucker handed trystan the two passes . 
 `` it was a mistake . '' 
 `` yes , it was . '' 
 trystan took the passes , turned and collected me , and walked out of the classroom leaving tucker behind . 
 chapter 22 ~ trystan ~ `` are you okay ? '' 
 trystan asked . 
 mari had n't spoken . 
 she glanced at him vacantly , `` yeah . 
 yes . 
 that was just unreal . 
 i ca n't believe you did that . '' 
 trystan did n't understand why . 
 he walked next to her . 
 as they rounded the corner , he pulled open the side door to the auditorium and walked to the first row of seats . 
 trystan held out his hand and said , `` sit down . 
 eat . 
 you 'll feel better . '' 
 mari stepped past him and took her lunch out of her bag . 
 she nibbled on half a sandwich as trystan watched her . 
 his heart was in his throat . 
 he wanted to know what she was thinking , but she did n't speak . 
 after a moment she looked over at him . 
 `` where 's your lunch ? '' 
 trystan leaned back in the chair . 
 `` lunch is n't until next period . 
 i 'll go grab something then . '' 
 mari nodded and looked down at her sandwich . 
 she moved slowly , like she was shell-shocked . 
 `` i have study hall next period . '' 
 trystan smiled at her . 
 `` no you do n't . 
 not anymore . 
 you 're needed in the prop room for the rest of the semester . 
 tucker 's orders . '' 
 he handed her the pass . 
 mari stared at it before saying , `` i ca n't use this . 
 i ca n't be here with you ... trystan - '' `` of course you can , '' trystan 's heart was sinking . 
 the more she came back to herself , the more mortified she looked . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i should n't be here with you ... '' it seemed like she was going to say more , but mari 's voice trailed off . 
 her eyes looked everywhere but at trystan . 
 his stomach fell into his shoes . 
 `` i understand . 
 it 's okay . 
 do what you have to do . '' 
 he made sure his voice sounded light even though her words made him physically ache . 
 shaking her head she said , `` no , you do n't understand . '' 
 trystan tried to say something , but mari cut him off . 
 `` i ca n't do this . 
 it 's killing me and you 're just playing me , and i 'm falling for it . '' 
 she stood as she spoke and rubbed the heels of her hands into her eyes . 
 trystan tried to calm her . 
 he did n't want her to think that . 
 he was n't playing her . 
 he lifted his hands to her elbows as she rubbed her eyes . 
 touching her lightly he said , `` this is n't a game . 
 it 's not , mari . '' 
 she let out a rush of air and dropped her arms to her sides . 
 mari stared at him , her lips parted like she wanted to say something but she only shook her head . 
 grabbing her books , she swallowed hard , `` i know what it is . 
 it 's the same thing it 's been with every girl . 
 it 's never a game in the beginning , is it trystan ? 
 she catches your eye and you ca n't fathom being with anyone else . 
 that is until you sleep with her . '' 
 a tear rolled down her cheek . 
 `` i 've been burned before . 
 i ca n't do it again . 
 i wo n't . 
 and not with you , so stop this charade or whatever you want to call it . 
 end this seduction scene you created . 
 you 're wasting your time . 
 i do n't like you that way . 
 i never have . 
 i never will . '' 
 trystan absorbed her words , internalizing them until each one exploded inside of him . 
 she thought it was a game . 
 it was worse than he feared . 
 mari 's words were n't sharp , they were pleading - begging him to stop , but he could n't . 
 he loved her . 
 it was n't random . 
 it was n't a quest . 
 he did n't care if he slept with her or not . 
 he just wanted to be around her , hear her voice , and feel the curve of her body in his arms . 
 and now he did n't even have that . 
 he swallowed hard and sat in the chair facing the stage . 
 trystan did n't look at mari . 
 he did n't respond . 
 mari 's voice shook , `` i 'm serious , trystan . 
 stay away from me . '' 
 she turned on her heel and walked out the door , leaving him behind . 
 trystan stared straight ahead , not blinking . 
 he felt his heart shattering as she spoke , but there was no way to stop it . 
 he let her leave , he let her walk away . 
 she begged him to stop , to keep away from her . 
 trystan leaned forward and put his face in his hands , knowing he just lost his best friend . 
 chapter 23 ~ mari ~ it took me a while to calm down . 
 i spent study hall in the girl 's room trying to stop crying . 
 eventually katie came in . 
 i heard her voice echo when she walked through the door . 
 `` i know you 're in here . 
 melissa drury saw you come in . '' 
 katie walked toward the stalls and bent over , looking for shoes . 
 `` come on , mari . 
 come out . '' 
 she stopped in front of my stall . 
 i was sitting on the back of the toilet with my feet on the seat so no one would see me . 
 katie rapped her fingers on my door . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i got down and unlocked the door . 
 blotting a tissue to my face i told katie , `` i 'm in love with him . '' 
 a sad , frightened smile laced my lips . 
 it was the most pathetic , stupid thing i 'd ever done , but i could n't deny it anymore . 
 it was n't a crush . 
 i loved trystan scott . 
 tears streaked my face . 
 katie held out her arms and i fell into them sobbing . 
 she hugged me hard , and then set me on my feet . 
 `` it 's going to be all right . 
 this is n't as bad as it seems . '' 
 shock lined my face , `` not as bad as it seems ? 
 i 'm in love with a guy that does n't know what love is . 
 how would you feel if you suddenly realized you loved seth ? '' 
 katie flinched . 
 `` same thing . '' 
 i dabbed my eyes again . 
 my make-up was toast , and i 'd be lucky if i could stop crying before the bell rang . 
 katie was supposed to be at lunch . 
 she had a fifteen minute pass . 
 after that , they 'd come looking for her . 
 `` it 's not the same thing . 
 you guys have been friends . '' 
 `` well , we 're not anymore , '' i sniffed . 
 `` i told him to stay away from me . 
 that i 'd never like him that way . 
 it was like falling at his feet and begging him to love me . 
 the way he looked at me , katie , '' more tears ran down my cheeks , `` it was like he could n't even look at me . '' 
 `` so , he told you he was just playing ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said looking up at her . 
 katie seemed confused . 
 `` i 'm missing something . 
 what made you tell him off ? 
 what 'd he do ? '' 
 my lower lip quivered . 
 `` i thought he was going to kiss me , but he did n't . 
 he stayed there , so close and asked me to kiss him . '' 
 `` no way , '' she said wide eyed . 
 katie leaned back on a sink . 
 `` what 'd you do ? '' 
 `` i could n't . 
 i wanted to , but i ca n't . 
 i ca n't let this happen again . '' 
 `` trystan is n't greg . 
 they are n't the same guy . 
 you ca n't act like they are . '' 
 i stared at her . 
 `` what the hell is wrong with you ? 
 yesterday you were telling me to stay away from trystan and now you 're on his side ? '' 
 she slid off the sink and stepped toward me . 
 taking my shoulders she said , `` i 'm on your side . 
 trystan has his own faults and it scares the hell out of me that you like him - '' `` i love him , katie . 
 i feel it . 
 it 's in every inch of me and i wish it was n't . '' 
 she released me . 
 `` why are you crying ? 
 because he asked you to kiss him ? '' 
 `` no , '' i answered tugging my hair , `` because i ca n't pretend anymore ! 
 i ca n't deny it and i ca n't let him play me whenever he wants . 
 when his big blue eyes look at me a certain way , i 'm toast , katie . '' 
 sadness bled through me like i 'd been fatally wounded . 
 her arms folded over her chest . 
 katie was quiet for a while . 
 she handed me another tissue and finally said , `` then tell him . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i squealed . 
 `` you 're stuck in the middle . 
 you love him , but he does n't know . 
 he 's flirting with you like you 're a toy . 
 that 's why you 're mad , right ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` so tell him . 
 he either runs away screaming , or takes you in his arms . 
 either way , there 's no more in the middle . '' 
 katie sounded crazy . 
 the idea of walking up to trystan and telling him how i felt scared me to death . 
 but i felt desperate . 
 without a word , i turned to the bathroom door . 
 katie rushed after me . 
 grabbing my arm , she turned me around . 
 `` wait ! 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to tell trystan scott that i love him . '' 
 katie smiled sadly at me , and gave me a hug . 
 `` i 'm across the hall . 
 let me know how it goes . 
 i 'll watch for you to come back . '' 
 i nod and she released me . 
 chapter 24 ~ trystan ~ after mari ripped his heart out , trystan stared at the stage . 
 a million thoughts ran through his mind but he could n't focus on a single one . 
 she 's not coming back he thought , and ran his hands through his hair . 
 looking up at the high ceiling , he scolded himself for putting pressure on her , for telling her to kiss him . 
 if they had n't gotten locked in that closet , he would n't have done it . 
 but when he sat there with her , so close that he was breathing her in , he could n't help himself . 
 mari was on his mind constantly , and it did n't matter what she thought - this was n't a game . 
 trystan knew it . 
 he felt it in his hollowed out gut . 
 trystan 's throat was so tight he could n't speak . 
 that 's why he let her walk away . 
 there was nothing to left to say . 
 he blew it and she flat out rejected him . 
 hollowness consumed trystan until he could n't sit there another second . 
 he sprang from the seat and bound up the stage stairs . 
 pulling open the basement door , he descended in darkness . 
 he felt his way through the room until he found a music stand . 
 feeling his way along the cold metal , he found the light at the top and clicked it on . 
 trystan crossed the room and grabbed a guitar that the music teacher offered as a prop a million years ago . 
 he dragged a stool to the center of the room and tuned the ancient guitar , hoping the strings would n't snap . 
 when he was done , trystan took some pages that were folded in his pocket and smoothed them on the stand , spreading each on out so he could see the song he was working on - the song he did n't think he 'd get to finish since his dad smashed his guitar . 
 but since mari left him here alone and tucker was probably still fuming in his room , trystan risked it . 
 he put the pages in front of him and strummed the cords of an unfinished melody . 
 after a few moments , he hung his head , holding the guitar in his lap . 
 one foot extended off the stool onto the floor . 
 he turned himself around so that the light was to his back and before he knew it he was playing the song he always played when he was hurt . 
 mari 's song . 
 at first he did n't sing . 
 he could n't . 
 the knot in his throat choked him into silence , but as he played it melted and trystan could breathe again . 
 the tightness in his chest did n't release though . 
 mari 's words echoed in his mind , i never liked you that way . 
 i never will . 
 stay away from me , trystan . 
 the guitar became part of him as he played . 
 it was an extension of his soul . 
 he poured his heart into his music and right then it was shattered . 
 trystan 's fingers knew the song . 
 they moved across the strings , pressing and sliding as he closed his eyes . 
 there was nothing to compare this to . 
 he 'd never felt so broken in his entire life . 
 his hair hung in his face , but he did n't bother to push it back . 
 trystan played through the entire song three times before he found his voice . 
 it broke through his sorrow and spilled over his lips . 
 his fingers strummed as his mouth formed the words pouring from his heart . 
 they were always the same , always equally haunted and adoring . 
 he was foolish enough to fall completely in love with someone who did n't think he had a heart . 
 trystan pressed his eyes closed harder , willing himself to get lost in the song . 
 and he did . 
 chapter 25 ~ mari ~ every fiber of my being was wound tight . 
 my emotions were a total mess . 
 i could barely think and the part of me that still could was screaming at me to reconsider my plan , but i did n't . 
 i crossed the hallway and pulled open the auditorium door expecting to find trystan where i left him , but the seat was empty . 
 i rounded the stage corner and climbed the stairs as i went over what i was going to say in my mind . 
 it 's dark and i had to feel my way along the wall until i found the door to the prop room . 
 it was open slightly , like it did n't close right . 
 when i looked down , i saw why . 
 the rubber flap on the bottom of the door folded under and held it in place . 
 pushing through , i stood on the upper-landing ready to flip on the lights when i heard someone singing and the soft sound of a guitar . 
 the basement was normally pitch black , but there was a small burst of light cutting through the darkness . 
 it was too dim to do anything but cast a narrow beam of golden light . 
 pulse pounding , i slowly felt my way down the stairs . 
 music drifted up softly and when he began to sing my heart twisted . 
 it was that song by day jones . 
 the melancholy tune , the longing in his voice , the way he played the guitar , the way his voice resonated on certain notes ... a shiver ran down my spine as i came to the lower landing . 
 the only thing separating us were the flats stacked next to the stairs . 
 my stomach twisted wildly as i stepped off the landing . 
 each note sank into me . 
 each word he sang pierced me whole . 
 it made me move slower , breathe slower . 
 it was like this was n't happening , like it could n't be real . 
 i stepped out from behind the flats and stared . 
 it looked like the video . 
 a guy sat in pitch black with a single light behind him . 
 his head was bent forward , his fingers moving gently , strumming the instrument as he sang . 
 he played a few more bars , singing softly before he noticed i was there . 
 suddenly , he gasped and looked up , startled . 
 i could barely breathe . 
 trystan looked at me with those haunted sapphire eyes . 
 `` mari , '' he said , his voice a rush of air . 
 rising off the stool , trystan lowered the guitar from his lap . 
 yellow light poured from the music stand behind him . 
 handwritten music pages were spread across it like he 'd been composing something . 
 `` you 're day jones , '' i whispered , pressing my fingers to my lips . 
 shock ratcheted through my body . 
 trystan did n't deny it . 
 he stood there , beautiful and devastated , with his guitar at his side . 
