 prologue everyone has a secret . 
 some people will do anything to protect it . 
 i 'm practically giddy with excitement as that dream is within grasp . 
 i 'm sitting across from sophia sottero . 
 she 's an amazing wedding photographer for the affluent families of new york . 
 in a nutshell , she is everything i want to be , and meeting her in the flesh is so overwhelming i can barely contain myself . 
 i try not to squirm in my seat as her gaze slides over my resume . 
 sophia is in her early forties with jet-black hair that is smoothed into a neat chignon at the base of her neck . 
 a slender , black suit showcases her figure perfectly and makes her look regal at the same time . 
 i hold my hands in my lap , trying hard not to fidget . 
 the smile that lines my lips is making my face hurt , but i ca n't stop . 
 a tiny voice inside my mind squeals with excitement . 
 sophia glances up at me , `` tell me , miss lamore , why do you want to work at sottero ? '' 
 beaming , i reply , `` sottero is the most prestigious photography studio in new york city . 
 the style your shooters attain is breathtaking . '' 
 my hand clutches my racing heart . 
 it 's true . 
 and with every fiber of my being i want to learn what she knows . 
 `` everything about your studio makes me want to be a part of it . 
 it 's not only the soaring reputation , but also what you do for each and every bride who comes here . '' 
 `` and what is that ? '' 
 `` you make them feel like the most beautiful woman alive . 
 for that entire day , each bride knows she 's flawless . 
 you do n't just give them photographs , ms. sottero , you capture their dreams and freeze them in time . 
 it takes heart and skill to do something like that , which is why i would love to have my internship here . '' 
 sophia 's gaze lowers to my resume as i 'm speaking . 
 when i 'm done talking , her dark eyes lift to meet mine , `` may i ask where else you applied ? '' 
 normally i would figure out a way to dodge that question , but i want this job so much . 
 i smile calmly and tell the truth , `` couture and le femme . '' 
 a dark brow lifts when i say le femme . 
 she places my papers on her desk and leans forward , `` le femme ? 
 really ? 
 what on earth made you apply there ? '' 
 `` the university requires a minimum of three interviews , and we are supposed to diversify the positions we are looking at . 
 they think it gives us a better footing post-graduation . '' 
 i practiced this response before i came . 
 anyone who finds out that i have an interview at le femme wo n't take me seriously . 
 it 's a blight on a pristine resume and an excellent grade point average . 
 sophia tilts her head , like that is the most ridiculous thing she 's ever heard . 
 she points a perfectly manicured nail on the shiny desktop . 
 `` listen , anna . 
 let me do you a favor . 
 i realize the kind of hoops you have to jump through to get your diploma , and the interview at le femme is just a waste of time . 
 cole stevens is blight on the industry . 
 his work is trash , and any aspiring young photographer should steer clear of him . 
 i know it 's a necessary evil , so i 'll tell you how to end the interview quick and easy . 
 go in there and act confident to the point of cocky . 
 wear something that you should never wear to an interview and they 'll show you the door before you even sit down ... unless ? '' 
 she lets the question hang in the air . 
 `` unless what ? '' 
 `` unless you want to work for cole stevens , '' sophia says with distaste , as she leans back in her chair . 
 although she 's trying to hide it , sophia 's become tense since we started talking about le femme . 
 i ca n't tell if she just hates what the studio does , or if it 's more personal than that . 
 she watches me for a moment , taking in my reaction . 
 i visibly shudder when she suggests such a thing . 
 `` i have no intention of working for cole stevens , ms. sottero . 
 that interview is a means to an end . 
 i want the internship here with sottero . 
 i 'll be the best intern you 've ever had because i want to be here . '' 
 `` it 's a dream ? '' 
 `` it 's more than a dream , '' i say leaning forward in my chair . 
 `` sottero is the place where dreams and reality collide . 
 and somehow you figured out how to capture those moments in photographs that are too stunning for words . 
 forgive me for being blunt , ms. sottero , but i admire your work , your studio , and everything you stand for . 
 if i was given the opportunity to learn from you i know it would give me a secure footing in a difficult industry . '' 
 we speak for a little longer . 
 i do n't fumble anything . 
 sophia appears to genuinely like me . 
 as she walks me out , the older woman shakes my hand and says , `` i think you 'll do well here , miss lamore . 
 contact me after your interview with le femme and we 'll see what we can work out . '' 
 a grin spreads across my face . 
 i shake her hand too long and too hard , but i do n't care . 
 my dream job is sitting in the palm of my hand . 
 the only thing left to do is finish up with le femme to satisfy the university 's requirements and then i 'll have an internship at sottero ! 
 chapter 1 sunlight pours through the slats in the blinds , forming narrow bars of light . 
 i blink once , clearing the sleep from my eyes . 
 nerves do n't slither through my body the way they had yesterday . 
 today is different . 
 butterflies do n't erupt in my stomach and threaten to fly out my nose . 
 my tongue is n't dry and tangled . 
 there is no frantic pounding in my chest . 
 not today . 
 a slow grin spreads across my face as i stretch . 
 today is a means to an end . 
 after showering quickly , i slap on the outfit i selected the night before . 
 without glancing in the mirror , i head into the kitchen . 
 the apartment is quiet . 
 it 's saturday and emma is still asleep . 
 at least i thought she was . 
 `` anna , what the hell are you wearing ? '' 
 she asks groggily . 
 my roommate is in the hallway , halfway into the bathroom . 
 she stops and stares at me . 
 a tattered robe clings to her narrow figure . 
 black hair is frizzed around her face , completely flat on one side . 
 in a few hours , she 'll look like a model . 
 it 's been like that since we started college . 
 emma is the hot one , and i 'm `` the hot girl 's friend . '' 
 emma blinks several times , like her big blue eyes are broken . 
 `` do n't you have an interview ? '' 
 i nod , grabbing an apple from the kitchen counter . 
 as i sling my bag over my shoulder , i grab my keys and head toward the door , `` all part of the plan . '' 
 she does n't have time to respond before i 'm out the front door , which is good because i would have lost my nerve . 
 the entire time i 've known emma she has never let me escape unquestioned . 
 i know she 'll pelt me with questions as soon as i get home . 
 it makes sense that she 's a mass communication major . 
 when she gets a job as a reporter , i know she 'll be good at it . 
 questioning people is in her dna , and my outfit was sure to raise questions . 
 sophia mentioned that she worked with cole stevens at one point and divulged some pet-peeves of his that will promptly end my interview . 
 after the third interview is complete , only then can i get hired . 
 university requirements . 
 i run down the stairs toward the street . 
 our apartment is a fourth floor walk-up , standard shoe-box-sized so that no one in their right mind would want to stay any longer than necessary . 
 emma and i rented it two years ago when we started graduate school . 
 breakfast on the go is n't a part of my ideal morning . 
 actually , getting up at the crack of dawn on a saturday is n't even sane , but this is the time slot i needed , the one where the interviewer is so tired that she needs to prop her head up with coffee mugs . 
 besides , who puts business meetings on saturday morning at 7:00 am ? 
 that makes this the worst interview time possible . 
 it 's just a formality , anna , i tell myself . 
 the past week has made me a jittery mess . 
 the internship matters . 
 the placements can mean getting a good job after college , and i need to be the best in my field to get anywhere in this field . 
 choosing the arts was insane enough , but being a photographer was even crazier . 
 everyone and their dog own a camera and claim to be awesome . 
 botching the internships could mean i 'll have to be some schlep trying to find work on craig 's list , and i have sworn that wo n't be me . 
 photography is art and i 'm an artist . 
 ambition got me this far . 
 the rest of was guts . 
 my position with sottero is cinched . 
 i just have to finish this last task before i can take it . 
 i stare straight ahead as i round the corner and descend underground to the subway . 
 the air smells like burnt pretzels and blows my hair gently . 
 i breathe deeply , relaxed-confident . 
 when i went to my interview with sophia sottero , i was a mess . 
 my palms were sweaty and i could barely stand still as the train clunked along the tracks . 
 the same scenario occurred for my interview with couture . 
 both are outstanding studios run by women that i admire . 
 i want the internship with sottero so badly . 
 couture is my fallback , and le femme-i ca n't imagine the person who wants an internship at le femme . 
 probably some perv-with-a-camera like the infamous owner , cole stevens . 
 now , that is n't totally accurate . 
 the man has to have some talent to shoot high-end lingerie on nearly nak * d models . 
 one of those barely-there panties costs more than my grocery bill . 
 it is n't my thing , but like i said-three is the magic number and this is my third interview-the one i do n't care about . 
 glancing around , i notice that the subway is relatively empty , which is normal for new york on a saturday morning . 
 that 's the only bonus to the early interview time-i did n't have to get up at 5:00 am . 
 i switch trains a few times and walk up into the sunlight . 
 structures of glass and steel tower above my head , but i do n't look up . 
 new yorkers never look up . 
 checking my watch , i hasten my pace . 
 although i do n't want this job , the university still checks to make sure i apply myself , which means at least showing up on time . 
 i find the building and exit the elevator onto the seventieth floor . 
 a silver plaque hangs on a dark door : le femme studios . 
 chapter 2 i push through the door and step into a quiet office . 
 i stop in my tracks . 
 there is no one here . 
 no receptionist . 
 no employees . 
 turning , i look around the room slowly . 
 large portraits of stevens ' work line the pale blue walls . 
 all the surfaces-the desk and coffee tables-are pale blue glass . 
 a to-die-for view of the manhattan skyline fills the windows that line one wall . 
 it 's a sight that costs a fortune , a clear status symbol to anyone who walks through the door . 
 i step further into the room , `` hello ? '' 
 my voice does n't really come out . 
 why am i whispering ? 
 `` is anyone here ? '' 
 i pad across to the window after looking over my shoulder . 
 convinced i am alone for the moment , i scan the city far below , and rest my fingers against the pane . 
 `` this must look amazing at night , '' i mumble to myself . 
 `` it does . '' 
 startled by the male voice , i jump . 
 my heart ratchets up a notch when i see that cole stevens is the one standing behind me , looking over my shoulder . 
 he smiles down at me like my reaction was funny . 
 he is older , close to forty , but you 'd never think it by looking at him . 
 everything from his bone structure to his stance screams model . 
 he has the kind of confidence that comes from a lifetime supply of money , and the designer clothes to match . 
 dark jeans cling to his narrow hips , topped by a white linen shirt that 's rolled up to his elbows . 
 the top button is undone . 
 cole 's dark hair has that carefully messy look . 
 the man is famous , sexy , powerful-he 's also everything i detest . 
 he spent the last fifteen years of his life making his name , but he did it on the back of his father 's fortune . 
 i pay for college myself . 
 there is a permanent rift between me and people like him , people who have had everything handed to them . 
 that 's part of the reason i do n't want to work for le femme . 
 aspirations of being a wedding photographer for the affluent have been running through my veins for years . 
 the idea of capturing a woman on the most important day of her life appeals to me much more than this fettishography kind of stuff that cole shoots . 
 cole 's hands are in his pockets , his blue eyes assessing me and my outfit . 
 he seems like he 's been up for hours . 
 he must be a morning person . 
 that would make working with him even worse . 
 people who thrive at 5:00 am are freaks . 
 unlike me , dressed to impress . 
 pressing my lips together , i peel my hand off my blouse and act like i was just brushing off a speck of lint . 
 confused , i look past him . 
 i thought his assistant was doing the interviews . 
 people like cole do n't bother with college interns . 
 shaking off the shock of seeing him in the flesh , i introduce myself . 
 `` i 'm anna lamore . 
 i have an internship interview at seven . '' 
 he pulls a hand out of his pocket , extending it to me . 
 his shake is confident , his hand warm . 
 `` cole stevens . 
 no one is here this early since its saturday . '' 
 his smile is kind , and it is n't until now that i really look at his face . 
 there are tiny wrinkles that line the corners of his mouth , like he smiles often . 
 taking his hand , i shake it and nod . 
 his grip is gentle , but firm . 
 something about him sets me off kilter . 
 butterflies erupt in my stomach and i do n't know why . 
 when he ends the handshake , cole glances at me once more and turns away-gesturing for me to follow . 
 i take in the posh offices as we walk down a long hall . 
 `` welcome to le femme , '' he says . 
 the casual tone of his voice makes me think his head is n't as big as the media says . 
 `` as you know we are the world 's premiere boudoir studio , predominately shooting lingerie accounts for swank designers . 
 we do everything in-house , from selecting models to make-up and postproduction . 
 nothing is out-sourced , '' he stops and holds open a glass door . 
 his hand flicks on the lights and we sit at a huge wooden conference table . 
 this room has a much warmer feel than the waiting area at the front . 
 walking past him , i catch his scent . 
 it 's a light clean fragrance . 
 his eyes are on me as i pass , no doubt studying my absurd outfit . 
 i slide into a seat and lean back , steepling my fingers like i 'm plotting to take over the world and smile at him . 
 cole tells me more about the company he created as i tap my fingertips together , trying to muster the guts to finish doing the things sophia suggested so i can put this interview to rest quickly . 
 `` the internship is a prestigious position , miss lamore . 
 many students compete to get it , and there is only one position . 
 an internship here gives you access to employment with the company when you 're done . 
 correct me if i 'm wrong , but you 're at the top of your class . '' 
 his fingers tap the top of the table as he stops speaking . 
 cole 's gaze slides over my face , the slouch of my shoulders , and then drifts to my jeans that are rolled up to my knees , showcasing striped rainbow knee-highs . 
 sparkling yellow chucks are on my feet . 
 they match the tutu around my waist . 
 his eyebrows creep up his face before he looks back up at me . 
 i 'm not certain if he 's questioning the data or stating that he ca n't believe it from the sight of me . 
 i should have been dressed in a suit . 
 if i was brave and wanted this internship , i would have worn some fashionable business attire with a snazzy flare . 
 but i 'm dressed like a bedazzled circus clown . 
 i had to make sure i do n't have any chance of getting this job , and showing up dressed like this would ensure it even if i did take sophia 's suggestion a little too far . 
 smiling , i nod , `` yeah , '' my fingers tap on the table top , strumming like his . 
 he notices the mirrored movement , and his eyes flick to my hand before returning to my face . 
 `` i 'm the top in my class . '' 
 silence fills the air before cole finally speaks again . 
 my manners are intentionally horrible . 
 he notices my lack of proper decorum , my utter indifference . 
 it 's screaming through my body language even when i 'm not speaking . 
 cole 's gaze narrows . 
 the look he gives me is irritating . 
 it 's smug , like he knows what i 'm up to . 
 leaning back in his chair , he folds his arms over his chest . 
 for an old guy , he 's pretty chiseled . 
 `` let 's cut to the chase , miss lamore . 
 i do n't normally do the intern interviews . 
 your resume looks the same as a hundred others . 
 your work demonstrates potential , but it 's nothing phenomenal . '' 
 he pauses , taking in my reaction . 
 i 'm surprised at his candor , but do n't react . 
 i do n't want this job , i remind myself . 
 i have nothing to prove to him . 
 i do n't care if he thinks i suck . 
 i know better . 
 i know sophia sottero was excited when she met me . 
 i know i want that internship and not this one . 
 cole leans forward , `` the reason i wanted to meet you , the reason you caught my attention , was because you chose the worst interview time we offer ... '' he grins at me , and leans back into his chair again . 
 `` it implies that you wanted this position very much . '' 
 i shrug , folding my arms , mirroring him again , `` it was the only slot left . '' 
 the lie slips easily off my tongue . 
 `` no , it was n't , '' he replies , leaning forward , calling me on the lie . 
 there 's a gleam in his eye that was n't there before , like hot curiosity igniting a match-tip . 
 his gaze is intense , and i ca n't help but squirm when he looks at me like that . 
 `` you were the first person to sign up . 
 so tell me something , anna , if you would - '' he looks down at the ring on his index finger and then back up at me , `` why did you wake up at the crack of dawn to come to see me ? 
 why do you want to work for le femme ? '' 
 his words say one thing , but his tone says something else . 
 it 's a dare , a challenge almost , to continue with my plan . 
 my pulse is racing . 
 i march ahead with my idea , muttering things that sophia assured would get me tossed out . 
 ignoring that gaze of his , i lower my eyes and pick at my nail polish while i speak , `` well , le femme has been around for a while . 
 i mean , the company itself was formed nearly two decades ago . 
 i mean , you 're not a fly-by-night studio , so that 's appealing . 
 but , you 're not ridiculously old , either . '' 
 i flick my nail and a piece of red polish flutters to the carpet . 
 i continue speaking , watching it fall , `` it 's not like you 've never seen a digital camera and insist on using an ancient brownie or something crazy like that . '' 
 immediately , i want to laugh and shirk off the nerves that are spilling down my spine like ice water , but i ca n't . 
 `` thanks , '' he says , smirking at me , his eyes shifting to my fingers as i pick and flick . 
 when the piece of polish lands on the carpet , we look up at the same time . 
 `` i 'm thirty-eight by the way i 'm not old , he means , i have a lot i could teach you . 
 `` yeah , '' i clear my throat and lean forward . 
 i 'm tactless , crass , and rude . 
 everything he would n't want , yet he is looking at me like there is nothing he wants more . 
 that gleam in his eye tells me that something is off . 
 i redirect , trying to offend him , `` like i said , not that old . '' 
 i pat his knee like he 's a geriatric patient who got lost in the mall parking lot and lean closer , speaking a little too loudly , `` i know things are changing fast and that 's why interns are good-they 're young and can help older people in our industry with shifting trends . '' 
 i wink at him and lean back in my seat . 
 my heart is pounding in my chest . 
 it 's the most brazen thing i 've ever said to someone 's face . 
 i slammed his age , ability , and company in one breath . 
 `` really ? '' 
 his expression is hard to read . 
 leaning back , he steeples his fingers and taps them one at a time , his eyes never leaving mine . 
 the room fades away and the only thing i can see are his eyes , dark as sapphires , and glinting like he 's amused-or pissed-i ca n't tell which one . 
 damn it . 
 why does he hide his reactions so well ? 
 it 's obvious that i do n't belong here , and yet , he 's still talking to me . 
 `` yeah , of course . '' 
 i shrug and lean back , draping my arm over the back of the chair . 
 in the back of my mind i 'm thinking that he should have ended this already and shown me the door , but he prods me to talk . 
 and the more i talk , the more insane i sound . 
 pretentious brat does n't even come close to some of the trash coming out of my mouth . 
 `` coming here would be a risk for me though , '' i say . 
 `` people say you 're losing your edge-that it 's only a matter of time before le femme is replaced by someone else . '' 
 `` and what do you think ? '' 
 he taps his index fingers together once and waits for me to answer . 
 i 've been flying by the seat of my pants , making up passive-aggressive insults for over twenty minutes . 
 i decide to give him the shove he needs to show me the door . 
 glancing at my arm draped over the back of the chair , i pause and then look back up into his face . 
 maintaining a calm exterior is getting harder and harder . 
 i 'm lying , blurting out anything i can think of to get him to dismiss me as some arrogant twit . 
 looking him square in the face , i answer , `` i think you 're already past your prime . 
 i mean , come on . 
 let 's be honest . 
 your work 's been slipping for years . '' 
 i feel bad saying such a thing . 
 i may not like his subject-matter , but cole is a good photographer . 
 saying anything else is a lie , but i need to get him to show me the door and he has n't . 
 when i finish , no one speaks . 
 his expression is neutral even as i verbally bitch-slapped his company , and then him personally . 
 it 's clear that i think he 's a has-been . 
 at least i think it 's clear . 
 cole just stares at me from behind his palms , occasionally tapping his pointer fingers together . 
 i stare back . 
 we watch each other in silence for a few moments . 
 when cole speaks , he 's looking at the table . 
 suddenly he moves and pulls a cell out of his pocket and rests it in front of him . 
 the light stubble on his cheeks is distracting me a little . 
 he is easy on the eyes , even if he is nearly twice my age . 
 cole 's voice is deep and rich , `` you know what i think ? '' 
 he glances up at me from beneath his brow . 
 he takes his phone and taps it on the table , then continues , `` i think that you 're trying to blow this interview-that you do n't want this job . '' 
 chapter 3 i start to say something , but cole talks over me . 
 holding up his hand to silence me , he says , `` and for the life of me , i ca n't understand why . 
 what would make you so incredibly cocky that you would walk in here and tell me to my face that i 'm just another old man with a camera ? '' 
 he 's grinning at me now , like he knows something i do n't . 
 he taps the phone again . 
 before i realize i 'm doing it , i 'm wringing my hands , my gaze lingering on his cell . 
 i have no idea how he figured that out . 
 arrogant and crazy must look the same in his brain . 
 i did n't tip my hand . 
 i did n't blow my cover . 
 at least i do n't think i did , but i 'm a big girl . 
 i can admit it when i 'm busted . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i say , utterly embarrassed . 
 i ca n't look at him . 
 `` i did n't mean to waste your time , '' i say softly . 
 i start to stand , but he leans forward , stopping me . 
 i feel the light touch of his hand on my wrist . 
 `` wait , '' he says . 
 i look up at him and our eyes lock . 
 my stomach tingles at his touch before he slides his fingers away . 
 there 's a slight pause before he leans back , saying , `` tell me where else you applied and why you want to work there more . '' 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 i blink at him , thinking i 've already wasted enough of his time . 
 he nods , `` yes . 
 if you have no desire to work here , then i 'm obviously doing something wrong . '' 
 he tilts his head back , the corners of his lips seem like they want to pull into a smile , but they do n't . 
 since i do n't see the harm , i sit back down . 
 hesitantly , i say , `` i applied at sottero , couture , and here . 
 i thought they 'd be better suited to teaching me what i want to pursue . 
 both are wedding photographers . 
 the university requires diversification during the interview process . 
 this was my third interview . '' 
 he nods as i speak , his eyes flicking up from the table to my face as he tilts his head and leans back listening to why i did n't chose le femme . 
 `` both sottero and couture are self-made . 
 they pulled themselves up by their bootstraps and became two of the best studios in manhattan and - '' `` both are women , '' he interrupts . 
 he says it like it 's a bad thing . 
 my brows pinch together . 
 i 'm not sure where he 's going with this-if he wants to help me or if this is payback for wasting his time . 
 cole stevens makes me uneasy . 
 i nod my head slowly , replying , `` exactly . 
 and i think that 's an asset . '' 
 `` not to you , '' he says , shaking his head . 
 `` you said on your resume that you wanted to be a wedding photographer for the rich , '' he lifts the paper and looks at it , before looking back up at me , `` was that true or did you lie about everything ? '' 
 my cheeks flame and i squirm in my seat . 
 regret washes over me . 
 i wish i did n't listen to sophia . 
 i should have come in and said what i usually say and leave . 
 instead i 'm sitting here with my stomaching twisting and doing my best not to wring my fingers and dive under the table . 
 mortification does n't look good on me . 
 i press my lips together and look up at him . 
 at least i try to . 
 i feel foolish for getting caught . 
 my voice is soft and steady , `` i did n't lie . 
 my resume is real . 
 my accomplishments are true . 
 i just felt like i 'd do better somewhere that was more ... '' `` more like what you already do . 
 anna , '' he pushes away my resume and looks straight at me , `` internships are to learn . 
 while you might admire sophia sottero , her work is lacking . 
 she 's a single medium artist . '' 
 `` and couture ? 
 you think her studio is substandard , too ? '' 
 i ask calmly . 
 those two studios are owned by women in a man 's industry . 
 i respect them with every fiber of my being . 
 they made something from nothing . 
 they do exactly what i want to do . 
 and this guy is slamming them . 
 tension lines my arms and trickles down my spine . 
 people like cole stevens have no idea how hard it is to go it alone . 
 everything was handed to him . 
 i smile , shaking my head softly , and say what i 'm thinking , `` how can you be so arrogant ? 
 how can you dismiss them so quickly ? 
 their work is beautiful . '' 
 he starts to answer , but i talk over him , `` that is what i want to do-and couture or sottero can offer me the training i need to accomplish that dream . 
 i want to show women what they look like on the most important day of their lives . 
 i want them to see how stunning they really are . '' 
 my face pinches together , `` i do n't want to learn how to turn them into a wet dream . '' 
 he laughs , one short laugh , `` you think that 's what i do ? 
 make fantasy girls ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i say . 
 i do n't know where this streak of confidence is coming from , but he thought he was right and he is n't . 
 he does n't understand and i want him to . 
 `` you do n't get what i want to do . 
 women are more than some fantasy . 
 they have brains , and hearts , and bodies that they never think are good enough . 
 i want to show them they are good enough , just the way they are . 
 i want beauty to be defined by the woman , not society . 
 i want a woman to feel powerful and beautiful when she looks at a shot i 've taken . 
 it 's art , mr. stevens . 
 `` work like yours blindsides everything i want to do-everything i want to be . 
 it 's not about heart with you , it 's about seeing how far can you push the line and still be able to shoot your ads to turn a profit . '' 
 i 'm practically breathless when i suddenly stop speaking . 
 my jaw dangles open , and i 'm shocked that i 've spoken to him like that . 
 everything that i hold against him came pouring out of my mouth . 
 i sit frozen and pull my jaw shut . 
 cole 's glaring at me now . 
 his eyes flick to his phone . 
 before i know what 's happening , he flips it on and the screen flares to life . 
 he presses a number and says to me , `` this has been a very informative meeting . 
 i had no idea feminists hate me so much , '' he says playfully . 
 i smile and say , `` yes , you did . '' 
 leaning back into my chair , i fold my arms across my chest . 
 i have no idea what made me say it . 
 i meant to be playful , but it came out wrong , `` you just did n't know regular women do n't like you , either . '' 
 for a hideous moment , i can feel a flirtatious smile slip across my lips . 
 cole stops whatever call he 's about to make and stares at me . 
 god , his eyes are so blue . 
 he blinks once , hard , like he ca n't believe i just said that . 
 neither can i . 
 what the hell is wrong with me ? 
 after a moment , he says , `` actually , you 're one of the only applicants who spoke frankly with me this week . 
 i may not have conducted their interviews , but i did speak to each of them briefly . 
 it 's been a blinding array of endless flattery . 
 your apparent distaste is refreshing . '' 
 i smirk at him , but do n't reply . 
 i do n't trust my mouth anymore . 
 my head is spinning and there is nothing i want more than to get out of there . 
 cole 's eyes drift over me , lowering to my shoulders and quickly sweeping to my shoes before he looks me in the eye and asks , `` so , tell me . 
 the clothes-do you usually dress like that ? 
 or was that just for me ? '' 
 a lopsided grin spreads across my lips . 
 my voice is soft , and i ca n't look at him when i say it . 
 in hindsight , listening to sophia was definitely a mistake . 
 `` no , the deranged clown look was just for you . 
 it 'll give you something to talk about for a while ... '' my voice trails off . 
 cole does n't seem amused . 
 i feel bad and stand to leave , holding out my hand . 
 the phone is next to his ear and i can tell he 's on hold . 
 `` no hard feelings , i hope . '' 
 cole stands , presses the phone to his ear with his shoulder , and takes hold of my hand , `` none . '' 
 a smile lights up his face . 
 i glance at our hands . 
 he has n't released me . 
 something feels strange , surreal , like this moment matters more than any other . 
 his pink lips are parted slightly , and cole breathes slowly , gazing into my eyes . 
 i pull away , and my hand slips from between his fingers . 
 a shiver runs through my shoulders and into my chest , stealing my breath . 
 cole watches me , like he 's completely aware of my reaction to his touch . 
 his eyes pin me in place . 
 for that moment , i do n't want to move ... i do n't want to breathe . 
 i do n't know what i want , but something is pulling inside of me , demanding that i do n't walk away from this man . 
 cole stands close enough to me that i can feel his breath on my cheek . 
 when i drop his hand , he steps toward me . 
 every inch of my body reacts . 
 a voice rings in his ear breaking the moment . 
 startled by the draw to cole stevens , i ignore whatever happened . 
 i do n't even want to think about it . 
 goosebumps cover my skin and i rub my hands over my arms quickly to smooth them down . 
 nodding at cole , i turn and start walking toward the door , taking it as a sign that i 've been dismissed and that there are hard feelings . 
 damn . 
 i did n't want that . 
 as i lift my hand to the knob , i look over my shoulder . 
 cole does n't look at me . 
 he does n't say good-bye . 
 inwardly , i cringe . 
 this is one of the biggest mistakes i 've made . 
 i can feel it and yet i have no idea what kind of impact this one event will have on my life . 
 i twist the knob and pull the door open . 
 talking to the person on the phone , cole says , `` finally . 
 what were you , sleeping ? 
 yeah , well , i 've been here chatting with anna lamore . '' 
 my eyes go wide and i nearly trip over my sparkling feet as i come to a stop , and look back at his broad shoulders . 
 he turned away from me , but i can see the grin on his face when he turns his head . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i whisper , panicked , and walk in front of him . 
 an insane thought crosses my mind-i could jump on his back and take the phone-but i ca n't . 
 whatever he 's doing is already done . 
 he already said my name , told someone i was here . 
 my stomach sinks and my hands shake . 
 this feels bad . 
 whatever he 's doing throws me into a full blown anxiety attack . 
 cole covers the phone with his hand , `` talking to your dean . '' 
 he uncovers the phone , `` yes , she is . '' 
 terror courses through me as my eyes go wide . 
 if he tells the dean what i did , the university will be pissed . 
 attending this interview and making sure cole did n't want me still counted as an interview , right ? 
 a thought takes hold and makes me feel sick-this could mess up my chances with sottero . 
 for a moment , i wonder if sophia did this to me on purpose . 
 it could have been a cruel trick on her part , but for the life of me i ca n't see why . 
 if she intended on offering me the internship , why would she encourage me to do something to cole that would warrant this kind of reaction ? 
 she knew him . 
 they worked together . 
 she told me these things , the clothes , the kid in need of a serious attitude adjustment , would make his people show me the door faster than i could blink . 
 instead , cole grabbed the phone and called my dean . 
 my stomach twists when his eyes lock with mine . 
 a mischievous grin spreads across cole 's lips , he looks sweet and playful , but i 'm too on edge to notice , `` she told me that i 'm a washed-up , sexist , has-been and that she has absolutely no intention of working for me . 
 yeah , '' he laughs , `` she really did . 
 so i wanted to make sure that i got hold of you first . '' 
 his voice turns serious . 
 the smile fades from his face , `` tell sottero and couture that they 're too late . 
 i hired anna this morning . '' 
 chapter 4 i stand there like i 've been sucker-punched . 
 my ears are ringing with his words , but i ca n't believe cole did it . 
 for a few moments after he hangs up , i just stare at him wide-eyed . 
 my mind is reeling , trying to determine why he did that . 
 i 'm near tears . 
 `` how could you ? '' 
 i gasp , and fold my arms across my body . 
 i fall back into the chair , completely deflated . 
 my shot with sophia sottero is gone . 
 in one phone call cole changed my future . 
 instead of being the elegant wedding photographer to the famous , i am going to be something else , something that will ruin my career before it starts . 
 shocked , i glare up at him . 
 cole is leaning against the side of the table . 
 his gaze rests on my face , waiting for me to react . 
 i try to hold everything in check , but i do n't understand . 
 why did he do that ? 
 rage floods through my tiny body . 
 rising to my feet , i step toward him . 
 my hands are balled into fists at my sides , shaking , `` how could you do that ? 
 you had no right ! '' 
 cole remains relaxed , like he pisses women off all the time , like my temper-tantrum is theatrics , but it is n't . 
 he folds his arms across his chest , `` i did you a favor , lamore . 
 the last thing the world needs is another wedding photographer - '' i cut him off , shoving my finger into his chest . 
 `` that was n't your decision to make ! '' 
 `` the hell it was , '' his eyes are cold , his expression rigid . 
 he grabs my finger and flings my hand away . 
 `` who 's the arrogant ass here , anna ? 
 who walked in here looking like a side-show act ? 
 that was you . 
 remember ? '' 
 i try to control my temper and force back tears that are building behind my eyes . 
 `` it 's not the same thing , '' i say coolly . 
 `` i had no intention of working here . 
 ever . 
 you know what the university puts us through . 
 you 've had interns before ! 
 maybe i did n't approach it right , but i did n't deserve this . 
 and just because you made one call , does n't mean i 'll work here . '' 
 glaring up at him with barely contained fury i continue , `` i 'll call sophia myself and tell her that i 'm still on the market-that your claim with the dean was an attempt to steal me away from her . '' 
 a cold dark expression crosses his face . 
 his brow rises slightly , and his arms unfold . 
 he leans toward me , making my heart race faster , `` i would n't do that if i were you . '' 
 `` is that a veiled threat ? '' 
 he leans closer to my face , his warm breath flowing across my lips , `` no , it 's a plain old overt threat . 
 if you do n't work here , you wo n't work anywhere . 
 new york moves in social circles that you are n't a part of . 
 one word from me will keep you on the outside . '' 
 he pulls away , the tension in his jaw easing slightly . 
 fury rages in my eyes . 
 every dream i had was just ripped apart . 
 i make a false start and then press my lips together and shake my head . 
 when i steady my voice , i say , `` so this is what i get for screwing with you and wasting your time ? 
 this is my punishment for messing with the famous cole stevens ? '' 
 `` something like that , '' he replies before pushing off the table and standing in front of me . 
 `` do n't screw with things that you ca n't control . '' 
 the fire in his eyes softens . 
 rage flows through me , engulfing every muscle , every fiber of my body . 
 the floodgates behind my eyes are ready to overflow , but i try to hold them back as i stare him down , shaking . 
 a tear escapes from the corner of my eye and streaks down my cheek . 
 his gaze shifts , watching it fall . 
 wiping it away with the back of my hand , i steady my voice . 
 it is deep and dangerous , my rage barely in check , `` i 'll never forgive you for this . '' 
 chapter 5 fumbling the dish , it slips between my hands and lands hard on the counter . 
 emma is here , locked in her room . 
 i try to be quiet . 
 i do n't want her to know i am home . 
 i do n't want to talk about cole or what he did , or the threat he made . 
 i 'd go at him if i could , but i am a nobody . 
 there are no socialites in my circles , no way to do any damage , no way to bend his arm to let me go . 
 the dish clangs on the counter . 
 as i reach for it , the noise echoes loudly through the tiny apartment . 
 every emotion that surged through me that morning comes rushing back . 
 taking the bowl in my hands , i swing my arm , and send it sailing into the wall . 
 it shatters into a million pieces , shards flying everywhere . 
 tears sting my eyes , and i finally give in and let them come . 
 burying my head in my arms , i lay it down on the counter , sobbing . 
 the music in emma 's room shuts off and she opens her door . 
 `` anna ? '' 
 she asks , hanging her head out . 
 her eyes drift to the broken dish and then to me . 
 i hate crying . 
 i never cry and i 'm near hysterical . 
 `` oh my god . 
 what happened ? '' 
 she rushes toward me , not knowing what 's wrong . 
 `` anna , are you all right ? 
 did you cut your hand ? '' 
 `` no , '' my voice bleats between sobs . 
 raising my head , i look at her . 
 i 'm still wearing my tee shirt and jeans . 
 i 've taken off the tutu , socks , and sneakers . 
 tearstains chill my cheeks . 
 `` that dick screwed me . 
 i. . . 
 i tried to ... and he ... '' emma starts looking me over like she thinks some jerk grabbed me on the subway . 
 `` no , em ! 
 the interview . 
 it was the interview ! 
 cole stevens screwed me over . '' 
 i finally get enough control over myself to tell her what happened . 
 emma listens to the entire story . 
 when i finish , she pushes a long lock of dark hair behind my ear , `` so , he was mad ? 
 he did this to get back at you for wasting his time ? 
 anna , that does n't make any sense . 
 it seems too cruel . '' 
 i shoot a look at her , shocked that she does n't believe me . 
 she smiles at me , knowing what i 'm thinking , `` of course i believe you , but it just seems a bit drastic . 
 you did n't do something else to him , did you ? 
 something that he 'd want payback for ? '' 
 `` em , think about it , '' i lean my head back against the wall , wiping away the tears that soak my cheeks . 
 `` i 'm going to have to see him every day for three months . 
 there were better ways to screw with me , right ? 
 i do n't understand what happened . 
 one moment everything seemed fine-he was acting like he thought it was funny . 
 then he had the dean on the phone , and the whole thing fell apart . '' 
 i get up , grab the kitchen towel , and run cold water over it , before pressing it to my face . 
 emma leans back against the counter , her dark hair falling over her shoulder when she looks at me . 
 `` he ruined your shot at sottero ? '' 
 clutching the damp towel , i nod . 
 `` what do i do ? 
 i have to do the internship to graduate . 
 i need the experience to get a job . 
 and without that internship referral from a prestigious studio , i 'm screwed . 
 there 's no way i 'll make it . '' 
 my lip starts to quiver again . 
 emma takes me by the shoulders , and shakes me once . 
 `` snap out of it , anna . 
 you have to suck this up . 
 here 's what you do : hate his guts , do your internship , and then get the hell out of there . 
 you probably wo n't even see him . 
 interns are like labradors-they fetch crap-and if you 're really good they 'll throw you a bone that 'll look good on your resume . 
 piss on his pants when he 's not looking , and chew up his shoes . 
 okay ? 
 you can do this . 
 you 've dealt with worse than this pampered ass . 
 you can do this . '' 
 her pep talk floods through me and suddenly i feel really tired . 
 i nod at her , mute . 
 there is nothing left to say . 
 i have to go through with the internship at the slut factory , but i 'll do more than be a nuisance , like em suggested . 
 i 'll find dirt on cole stevens that will destroy him . 
 chapter 6 `` i thought you wanted to intern with sottero ? 
 how 'd you do a one-eighty and end up at le femme ? '' 
 edward holds up his hands and grins , `` not that i blame you . 
 having a girlfriend who shoots at le femme is sexy as hell . '' 
 he looks me over like he 's never seen me before and waggles his dark eyebrows . 
 i elbow him in the ribs , and he laughs , nearly dropping his popcorn on the movie theatre floor . 
 `` yeah , that 's why i did it . 
 so you can fantasize about me shooting half-naked chicks all day . '' 
 i reached into my purse , fish out a tissue , and hand it to him . 
 `` wipe the drool off your face , '' i say holding the tissue out between my fingers . 
 it dangles there between us for a second . 
 i ca n't keep my tone serious and i snort by mistake . 
 edward pushes his hair out of his eyes and slouches back in his seat . 
 his long lean legs are extended in front of him . 
 there 's a soda between us in the cup-holder that 's built into the armrest . 
 i reach over and grab some popcorn . 
 edward throws a few kernels at me and they get stuck in my hair . 
 i stick my tongue out at him , and he lunges in for a kiss . 
 `` awh , gross , '' emma says and looks away . 
 she 's sitting on the other side of me . 
 although she knows the whole story , she says nothing to edward . 
 i did n't want to deal with his temper and if edward knew what cole did , well-i just did n't want to deal with it-so i said i chose to work with cole . 
 emma says , `` it 's bad enough you have to date my brother , but do you have to suck his face off in front of me too ? '' 
 em 's elbow bumps into my ribs and i choke . 
 she effectively removed her brother 's lips from mine . 
 he grins at me , and throws popcorn at his twin sister . 
 it sticks to her hair and she shoots him a look . 
 `` real mature , edward . '' 
 she picks out the kernels and throws them on the floor . 
 we got to the theatre too early . 
 edward is like that . 
 he wants to be in his seat fifteen minutes before the movie begins . 
 em and i would have walked in five minutes before , and as long as it was n't opening weekend , that works fine . 
 there are only three of us , but edward is a little bit of a control freak . 
 it 's funny , although i have known him for years , we did n't get together until a few months ago . 
 i took my one and only business class . 
 it was about marketing . 
 i thought that would come in handy one day when i had my own studio . 
 the class had all business people in it , people who spent their entire undergrad time sitting in classes and absorbing the vernacular . 
 meanwhile , i was learning about shadows and shading in the art department . 
 from the first class , i felt like i was drowning in a sea of words and concepts that i did n't understand . 
 edward sat next to me and helped me figure it out . 
 during midterms , we were studying and it was late . 
 one thing led to another and his lips met mine . 
 since then , i have n't been able to stop thinking about what i want him to do to me with those sexy lips . 
 we lean our foreheads together and i smile at him for a second , thinking naughty thoughts . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're here , '' i whisper so emma ca n't hear . 
 he wraps his arms around my shoulder and i lean my head against him . 
 emma slumps down in her seat and rests her feet on the empty chair in front of her . 
 it 's after ten and the theatre is n't full . 
 the lights fade and the coming attractions begin . 
 a le femme ad is lumped in with some others . 
 edward and emma are staring at the screen , no doubt seeing perfection that does n't exist . 
 rage floods through me when i see the ad . 
 cole 's perception of beauty does n't exist . 
 it 's an ad produced for men , with a product aimed at women . 
 it makes no sense and pisses me off . 
 edward seems to sense the tension building in my shoulders . 
 he mistakes it for something else , `` nervous ? '' 
 he whispers in my ear . 
 i shake my head as the ad ends . 
 monday morning i start an internship that i do n't want , with a man that threatened to destroy my career . 
 nervous is the wrong word . 
 enraged is more like it . 
 my mind swims with ideas , ways to get back at cole for doing this to me . 
 come the end of summer , he 's going to wish he never met me . 
 chapter 7 my legs are draped over the side of the bed . 
 edward has his hands on my shoulders , applying gentle pressure , massaging my tension away . 
 the movie was good , but my mind was elsewhere . 
 we came back to the apartment , and quickly ducked behind my bedroom door before emma could comment on her brother being in my room so late . 
 edward leans closer , his warm breath tickling in my ear , `` i had fun tonight . '' 
 i smile absently , the hairs on the back of my neck prickle as his breath lingers . 
 we have n't been together yet . 
 the time never seemed right . 
 or maybe i just keep putting it off because i 'm not sure that i want to have sex with my best-friend 's brother . 
 that is a lifetime of awkward moments if things do n't work out . 
 he 'll be picturing me nak * d in his mind , doing all the naughty things i like to do-things no one knows about-with that adorable grin on his face every time he sees me . 
 i do n't know if i 'm up for that . 
 edward 's hands slide along my shoulders , his fingers slipping under my collar , tracing my neck with his fingertips . 
 i close my eyes and shudder at his touch . 
 he 's beautiful and funny , witty and smart . 
 he 's everything that makes my heart race , but i still feel nervous about being with him . 
 he does n't pressure me , not really , but he does n't stop trying to seduce me either . 
 eventually , i 'll give in . 
 he knows it and so do i . 
 it 's only a matter of time until i ca n't resist him any longer . 
 `` so did i , '' my voice is weak , like i 've been sleeping . 
 i clear my throat , trying to bat away the butterflies forming in my stomach . 
 as i turn toward him , edward reaches for my face and pulls us together . 
 his lips are soft and hot . 
 gently , he kisses me , over and over . 
 the kisses are so soft and sweet that i gasp . 
 my heart is pounding . 
 it feels like my head is spinning and i want nothing more than to feel my body sliding against his . 
 i want to forget this day , escape it-with him . 
 i slip my fingers beneath his shirt and trail my hands up his hard stomach . 
 our kiss deepens as i do so , and he moans softly . 
 i pull him tighter for a moment . 
 his bare skin is scorching under my palms . 
 i want to lose myself in him . 
 i want to stop thinking , stop freaking out over what happened earlier . 
 i was so upset and scared-terrified-that my future had been ripped out of my hands . 
 i never saw it coming . 
 edward 's hand cups my breast , his lips kissing me , making me hotter and hotter . 
 he squeezes me hard and i gasp , wishing he 'd do it again . 
 as he lowers me onto my bed , his blue eyes lock on mine . 
 edward 's hands slide under my shirt and he pulls it over my head before my back hits the comforter . 
 i lay in front of him with my hair splayed around me in long dark curls . 
 i 'm wearing a lacy black bra and jeans that sit just below my waist . 
 he sits above me , his eyes taking me in like he could never get enough . 
 `` you 're so sexy , anna , '' he says , and lowers himself on top of me . 
 edward kisses my cheek , then my ear , and starts moving down my neck . 
 the heat of his mouth leaves a hot trail in his wake . 
 my body is strung tight-my back arches into his touch-into his kiss . 
 my pulse pounds faster and faster . 
 i 'm so hot . 
 the pit of my stomach has no floor . 
 it 's fallen away with his kisses , and the heat between my thighs is completely unbearable . 
 he feels my body shift beneath him , notices my legs opening for him . 
 edward 's fingers reach for the button my jeans and he slips it through the hole , then lowers the zipper . 
 his hand slides into my pants , slowly pressing into my panties until i feel him hesitate . 
 gasping , i say , `` i want you . 
 i want to feel you . 
 please , edward . 
 touch me . '' 
 he smiles that beautiful smile that i love and his fingers press against the bare skin between my legs . 
 i slide against his hand , my jeans pulling tighter as his hand moves . 
 edward dips his lips to my breast and he nips me gently , tugging my nipple with his teeth . 
 a moan escapes my lips . 
 i 'm burning up inside . 
 i want him . 
 i want to feel him . 
 i want to ride him and be with him . 
 his fingers circle the tender flesh between my legs , gently rubbing and stroking until i ca n't stand it . 
 the heat flashes through my stomach as i arch my back , begging him to touch me . 
 he slides a finger into me and i moan , pushing back against his hand . 
 teeth nip my br ** sts , and his tongue teases me through the lace bra . 
 i gasp , saying his name . 
 with one hand he continues to stroke me , making me wetter and wetter . 
 my body moves against his hand , craving more . 
 his other hand finds the closure on my bra and flicks it open . 
 the lace loosens and he pulls it away . 
 his lips kiss me gently at first and then harder , drawing my tender flesh into his mouth , sucking . 
 writhing , i come against his hand . 
 he pushes into me hard as he feels me pulsate , his lips still on my breast . 
 every time his hand pushes into me , i moan . 
 edward kisses me gently and pulls away . 
 he jumps up and walks toward the door , `` be right back . '' 
 he grins at me . 
 breathing deeply i watch him , wondering what he 's doing . 
 i never let him touch me like that before and i did n't expect him to get me so riled up and then stop . 
 i thought this was foreplay , but he 's left me alone . 
 sweat is covering my body . 
 the air feels too cold with him gone . 
 when i look up , he 's standing in the doorway with a towel in his hands . 
 it takes me a minute . 
 i 'm dazed with a lust-induced stupor , but i figure it out and ask , `` you washed your hands ? '' 
 he nods and tosses the towel aside , closing the door behind him . 
 `` yeah . 
 why ? 
 does that bother you ? 
 most girls like that i want to be clean . '' 
 i arch an eyebrow at him . 
 my pulse is slowing , my senses returning . 
 he just said several things that bothered me , but getting up and leaving me there to wash his hands was the worst . 
 i ca n't even process what he just did so i latch onto the obvious , `` girls ? 
 how many have you been with ? '' 
 leaning on the bed , he drapes his arm over my waist , `` enough to know what i like . 
 enough to know i want you . '' 
 his eyes rove over my body like he 's still filled with desire , but the way he washed me off his fingers broke whatever spell he wove . 
 the illusion is shattered . 
 maybe getting up and washing in the middle of hav ** g s * x did n't bother other girls , but it bothers me . 
 i pictured my dream guy loving my scent , burying his face between my legs like he could n't get enough , licking me off his fingers and then begging for more . 
 that is n't going to be edward . 
 he ran to the bathroom before we were even done . 
 edward eyes me lazily and leans forward , sliding his hand into my waistband . 
 placing my hand over his , i stop him . 
 he looks up into my eyes . 
 i ca n't let it go . 
 i have to know what i am dealing with . 
 is he mental or was this just a precaution since we have n't been together very long ? 
 i ask , `` if you found the right girl , the one you wanted in every way possible , would it be different ? 
 would you want the scent and the feel of her on your hands ? '' 
 would you want to taste her ? 
 would you swallow ? 
 i wonder , too afraid to ask . 
 the questions rush out . 
 suddenly , this conversation feels very awkward . 
 edward sits up and withdraws his hand from my waist . 
 he looks confused . 
 i pull my shirt over my head so my br ** sts are n't just out there . 
 he watches me carefully , knowing he blew his chances with me tonight . 
 he runs his fingers through his hair , `` it bothered you . '' 
 he breathes deeply , shaking his head like he 's annoyed with himself . 
 `` i 'm sorry , anna . 
 i did n't mean to hurt your feelings , it 's just that - '' i waive my hands at him , shaking my head , `` you did n't hurt my feelings , '' the words are falling out of my mouth before i can stop them . 
 it did bother me . 
 it seemed like he could n't get me off his skin fast enough . 
 i was offended , but my mouth is saying i was n't . 
 what the hell is wrong with me ? 
 why ca n't i just tell him what i want ? 
 i 've only been with two guys and neither of them did what i was hoping for either . 
 i am barely twenty-two , but i know what i want . 
 at some point i started to think that the things i want are strange . 
 and i ca n't talk sex with emma-not when it 's sex with her brother . 
 looking relieved , he touches my cheek gently . 
 `` good , i 'm glad . 
 i do n't know what it is , but the idea of having someone else 's fluids on me just makes me feel like i need to wash it off . '' 
 he shivers like it 's gross-like i 'm gross-and my heart sinks . 
 i ca n't look at him . 
 the bedspread is twirling between my fingers , my voice soft , `` so , you probably do n't like the idea of tasting me . 
 there . '' 
 the question is in my voice . 
 i sound frail , like his words could hurt me . 
 maybe they could . 
 i want him to say yes . 
 i want him to want me . 
 edward notices my tone , but he misreads my question . 
 `` i 'd taste you there . 
 i could do that . '' 
 he does n't sound eager . 
 `` honestly , the idea of you doing that to me is more appealing . '' 
 he fumbles his words , laughing nervously . 
 i blink hard . 
 what a dick . 
 did he really just say that ? 
 another question bashes me in the brain before i can think-why did n't i notice this before ? 
 carefully , i ask , `` so , i could go down on you and swallow , and you 'd like that ? '' 
 he nods at me , like he 's ready to do it now . 
 this is what i was afraid of , he does n't want to touch or taste me like that . 
 it 's one-sided . 
 we ca n't do the things i want to do . 
 sex with him will be very limited if he does n't like sweat and other slippery substances . 
 the pit of my stomach drops . 
 this relationship was n't going to work . 
 damn . 
 i 'd asked him if he had any sexual preferences i should know about . 
 clean-freak did n't come up . 
 i lean my head back against the headboard and stare at the ceiling . 
 i know there 's no future for us , but i ca n't admit it . 
 things ca n't be this way . 
 not again . 
 `` anna ? '' 
 he asks , his hand sliding over my knee . 
 `` hmmm ? '' 
 i ca n't look at him . 
 it feels like my insides have been carved out . 
 i feel the loss of things i thought i 'd have with him , things that will never be . 
 `` i love you , '' he whispers . 
 my neck snaps and i blink rapidly , staring at him . 
 my heart rate shoots up to stroke territory . 
 a boyish smile forms on his lips . 
 he does n't realize the effect of his words . 
 `` just because that does n't appeal to me does n't mean that i do n't want you . '' 
 my eyes are glassy . 
 i feel like i 'm going to cry . 
 he loves me ? 
 but he 's too grossed out to show me the way i need . 
 the way i want . 
 i smile softly at him and he takes me in his arms , stroking my hair . 
 `` i know i said it too early , '' he says into my hair . 
 his breath warms my throat . 
 `` but , i could n't let you think - '' i pull back and look him in the eye . 
 smiling , i say , `` i love you , too . '' 
 my words are sincere . 
 i care about him . 
 i think about it and realize that i do love him . 
 i want things to work out between us , so i say it . 
 but i say it too soon after he drops a bomb on us and the consequence is disastrous . 
 chapter 8 the next morning i find emma sitting in the kitchen shoveling cheerios into her mouth . 
 `` i ca n't believe you 're dating my brother . 
 that 's so gross . '' 
 milk drools a little from the corner of her lips and she snort-laughs , wiping it away . 
 i roll my eyes . 
 we 've had this conversation already . 
 `` i know . 
 ick . 
 yuck . 
 do n't tell you about sleeping with him . 
 i know the rules , em . 
 i wo n't make it weirder that it has to be . '' 
 she points her spoon at me , `` i never called them rules - '' `` same difference , '' i shrug . 
 it was a condition of going out with her sibling . 
 she did n't want to know details , did n't want to hear anything . 
 memories of the night before play through my mind . 
 i told him i loved him . 
 that feels like the stupidest thing to have said . 
 it will drag out the relationship when it should have been shot in the head . 
 i need to talk to someone about it . 
 i do n't know what to do . 
 edward is great . 
 this was his worst trait , and it does n't seem that major in the light of day . 
 but then again , it does . 
 he made me feel like i was undesirable . 
 the expression on his face when he left to wash his hands was burned behind my eyes . 
 if he did that after we have sex , i would n't be able to take it . 
 it was like he could n't wait to get to the soap . 
 i sighed , throwing my head back in an exaggerated whine . 
 `` do n't even , '' emma says , `` you 're the one who wanted to date him . 
 and i heard you last night-which was n't ideal by the way-if you tell me what happened , i 'll cut my ears off . '' 
 `` well , then you 'll look really dumb . 
 and i 'm not telling you a thing , '' i snap and walk away . 
 it 's sunday . 
 i head to my room and pull on a pair of ratty shorts and a tank top . 
 screw this . 
 i 'm not sitting at home , moping . 
 i 'm not that kind of girl . 
 when things get messed up , i can sit around and sulk or try to figure out how to fix them . 
 there has to be a way to fix this . 
 i do n't want to put my sexual fantasies to rest yet , although the last two guys had similar reactions . 
 from what i 've read on the internet , the things i want are n't that weird . 
 ______ my feet pound the pavement until i make it to the park . 
 i have an earbud in one ear and the other is tucked into my sports bra strap . 
 i want to be able to hear if someone is coming up behind me . 
 i find my pace and jog the familiar trails beneath the leafy green canopy . 
 the sunlight forms patches of lace on the ground . 
 the splattering of light is a photographer 's nightmare , and a nature-lover 's dream . 
 i 'm both . 
 i love the feel sunlight on my skin . 
 my mind goes back to last night . 
 if i can get through this with edward , everything will be all right . 
 it 's always a little bumpy in the beginning , right ? 
 i think back to the other two men . 
 honestly , i 'm not even sure if they count . 
 we did stuff , but my first boyfriend was n't exactly skilled . 
 and the second guy turned out to be an ass . 
 i huff a steady stream of breaths . 
 the music soon diverts my thoughts and i sing softly to myself , going faster-trying to outrun problems that would crush me . 
 i do n't realize how zoned out i am . 
 normally , i make sure i pay attention while i 'm running , but today i 'm out of it . 
 as i pass the clearing toward the swank end of the park , i see someone on a bench stand up . 
 my mind makes a mental note , but i do n't notice that it 's him until it is too late . 
 suddenly , a strong hand touches my shoulder . 
 without hesitation , my elbow flies back and my fist comes up . 
 i twist out of his grip and pivot , my knee rising to kick him in the crotch , when i see it is cole stevens . 
 he is dressed in a suit like he 's been at church . 
 my knee nearly connects . 
 when i realize who it is , i try to stop . 
 it throws off my momentum and my knee kind of brushes his pants and i lose my balance . 
 before i can fall back , his hand shoots out and grips my arm . 
 he steadies me , `` i did n't mean to startle you . 
 i 'm sorry , anna . '' 
 crap . 
 can this day get any worse ? 
 i just brushed my boss 's nuts with my knee . 
 i pull out of his grip , and bend at the waist breathing hard . 
 sweat drips down my spine . 
 i sputter , `` what the hell , stevens ? '' 
 tiny beads slip over my neck and when i look up , they slip down between my br ** sts . 
 he holds up his hands , palms facing me like he means no harm . 
 `` again , sorry . 
 it 's a mistake i wo n't repeat . 
 you nearly took my balls off . '' 
 his voice is light and he seems off balance . 
 i nod , admitting that 's exactly what i would have done . 
 he says nothing . 
 after a moment , i ask `` what do you want ? 
 did you stop me to throw more threats in my face ? '' 
 i should n't mention it again , but i had to . 
 `` no . 
 nothing like that , '' he twitches slightly , like my words surprised him . 
 `` actually , i was n't sure it was you , until you attacked me - '' my jaw drops , `` you scared the hell out of me ! 
 i thought you - '' he 's smiling , laughing at me , `` i know . 
 i 'm teasing . 
 listen , i 'm sorry for the way things went yesterday . '' 
 straightening , i wipe the sweat off my temples with the back of my hand , `` yeah , me too . 
 i should n't have shown up dressed like a circus freak and you should n't have been a prick . 
 does that sum it up ? '' 
 i push the damp hair out of my face . 
 `` let 's cut through the crap , stevens . '' 
 the smile melts off his lips . 
 my voice is cold and curt , `` i do n't like you and an apology is n't going to fix it . 
 you f ** ked up my life , and i 'm not letting it go , so deal with it . '' 
 i stare into his eyes and wonder if he 's a sociopath , but when our gazes lock my body reacts to something else . 
 my heart skips a beat and my stomach twists . 
 annoyed , i turn on my heel , ready to jog away . 
 his hand shoots out and clasps my wrist . 
 the movement slows me . 
 my body is covered in sweat . 
 his hand pulls away damp , and he makes no effort to wipe me away-no movement to show how repulsed he is by my appearance . 
 i ca n't help but notice his reaction is different than edward 's . 
 cole 's jaw tenses , like he 's trying not to fight with me , `` i plan on it . 
 in the meantime , i wanted to tell you that i 'm willing to start over whenever you are-with everything . '' 
 his gaze is intense ; his dark lashes lower after a moment . 
 he looks past me , then back at my face . 
 `` then let me go . '' 
 my voice is soft , and askance . 
 it does n't sound like me . 
 unblinking , i look into his face . 
 his eyes are an intense shade of blue with black and silver flecks . 
 they are locked on mine . 
 his lips form a thin line and he shakes his head , `` it is n't what you want . '' 
 i look both ways , making sure no one is within ear shot , `` fuck you , stevens ! 
 you have no idea what i want . '' 
 my voice is low , threatening . 
 he took away the thing i wanted most . 
 in one move he out played me and i 'd pay for it for the rest of my life . 
 i jab my finger into his chest , poking his ironed shirt . 
 `` no , wait . 
 actually , you do know what i want , because i told you . 
 i was stupid enough to trust you and i told you exactly what i wanted . '' 
 `` the internship with sottero . '' 
 i nod , dropping my hand . 
 `` and you made sure i 'd never have it . '' 
 `` fine , '' he says pulling a phone out of his jacket pocket . 
 the way the suit clings to his lean body makes me notice his figure . 
 that suit fits him like it was made for him . 
 it probably was . 
 fucking rich people think they own everyone . 
 i do n't want to stand there . 
 i do n't want to talk to him , but that phone makes me nervous . 
 it feels like he 's doing a replay of yesterday . 
 `` one call puts things back the way you wanted , '' he says . 
 `` i 'll call sophia right now . 
 we swap interns . 
 it 's your choice . '' 
 he arches a brow and glances at me , the phone cradled in his hand . 
 shocked , i glance at his palm and then back at his face . 
 i do n't buy it , `` you 're lying . 
 i do n't know why , buy you 've decided - '' `` lamore , you 're trying my patience . '' 
 he shifts his weight to the other foot , like he 's been standing there too long . 
 `` you pissed me off yesterday , and there were better ways to deal with you . 
 i apologize . 
 i 'm not saying it again , and i wo n't offer this again . 
 you blamed me for f ** king up your life , so fix it . 
 have me call sottero and you 'll start there tomorrow . '' 
 i blink . 
 it feels like i 'm falling off a cliff . 
 there are no bearings and i ca n't tell which way is up . 
 `` why are you doing this to me ? '' 
 my breath hitches in my throat and i want to punch him . 
 `` why are you batting me around like my life does n't matter ? 
 i do n't come from a pampered-ass home like you did . 
 everything was n't handed to me on a silver platter with a side of gold doubloons . 
 i carved my own path , and you decided to crush it on a whim ! '' 
 my hands ball at my sides . 
 no one pays any attention to us . 
 they walk on by , ignoring my tirade . 
 `` doubloons ? '' 
 his lips pull into a smirk . 
 my eyes widen , shocked that he decides to tease me when i 'm ready to rip his head off in the middle of a very public park . 
 every inch of me is vibrating with anger and i know he can see it . 
 the smile fades from his face , `` fine . '' 
 he presses a number on his phone . 
 it dials and i hear a woman 's voice , but i ca n't make out what she 's saying . 
 `` sophia , '' he says curtly . 
 `` cole . 
 yes , i 'd like to exchange interns with you . 
 i know you wanted miss lamore . '' 
 he pauses , then nods . 
 `` yes , a trade . 
 mine for yours . 
 that 's my offer . 
 i 'm handing the phone to her . 
 it 's her call . '' 
 cole extends his arm , shoving the phone at me . 
 time slows to a crawl . 
 light-years pass as i reach out to take it . 
 sophia 's voice echoes in my ear . 
 it 's her . 
 it 's sophia sottero . 
 she wanted me to be her intern . 
 yesterday could be erased . 
 all i have to do is say yes . 
 `` anna , darling let 's put this whole mess behind us . '' 
 she laughs , but it sounds bitter , `` you know , for a moment i actually believed that you choose to work for cole . 
 as if you would sink to his level ... '' she continues to criticize cole , undermining his ability and reputation . 
 i stare at cole wondering if he has any idea how much sophia sottero hates him . 
 i missed it during the interview , but now it 's completely clear . 
 he 's put his hands in his pants pockets and is looking at his shoe . 
 the action makes him seem younger than he is . 
 why did he do this ? 
 he chased after me through the park , risked getting maced , and clipped in the groin by my knee-for what ? 
 to say sorry ? 
 to set things right ? 
 something keeps me from speaking . 
 i ca n't find my voice even though sophia is excitedly chattering in my ear about the internship and the things i 'll learn-skills that i can use toward my own business one day . 
 skills that will help me get a kick-ass job at the end of the summer . 
 skills that i do n't have and desperately need . 
 skills that cole ca n't give me . 
 cole pushes a rock with his shiny black shoe . 
 he does n't look at me until it 's obvious sophia has grown quiet and i 'm not speaking . 
 it feels like the air is fluid . 
 i hear nothing . 
 sophia 's words float away from me as she asks if i 'm still on the line . 
 cole looks up at me . 
 there 's something there-i can see it within him in that moment-something that is better than i am . 
 i would have never tried to fix a mistake of this magnitude like this . 
 he is offering me everything i want , i just have to take it . 
 he apologized . 
 he fixed his mistake . 
 i did n't . 
 without a word to sophia , i hand him back his phone wondering if i 'm insane . 
 he takes it , but does n't end the call . 
 glaring at him i say , `` last time i trusted you , you screwed me . '' 
 `` likewise , '' his expression is hard . 
 `` so , what ? '' 
 my eyes shift over his face , taking in the stance of his body , the tension in his shoulders . 
 `` we just start over ? '' 
 he nods , `` yes . 
 or say yes to sottero and good-bye to me . '' 
 i eye him , my gaze sliding over his suit . 
 my mouth hangs open and i shake my head , not believing what i 'm doing . 
 reaching out , i take the phone from him and press it to my ear . 
 `` good-bye sophia . 
 enjoy your afternoon . 
 i 'll be interning at le femme . '' 
 i press end call and hand him back the phone . 
 `` prove to me that i did n't just make the biggest mistake of my life . '' 
 he seems surprised , but takes the phone back and slides it into his pocket . 
 `` there 's no reason to . 
 you 'll see it for yourself soon enough . '' 
 chapter 9 stupid men . 
 one wo n't touch me . 
 the other wo n't stop screwing with me . 
 my head is spinning . 
 the past twenty-four hours have left me in emotional overload . 
 edward is sitting next to me while i eat chocolate ice cream out of the carton . 
 my hands are getting sticky . 
 i can tell it 's bothering him , but he says nothing . 
 i consider taking his face in my hands and smearing the ice cream over his cheeks , and pressing my lips to his . 
 getting covered in ice cream and licking it off his skin sounds wonderful , but i do n't do it . 
 edward would freak out . 
 no sticky sex . 
 the tv flickers with some show neither of us is watching . 
 glancing at the carton , edward says , `` you do n't have to be nervous about tomorrow . 
 le femme has a sterling reputation . 
 i 'm sure you 'll do fine . '' 
 edward thinks i 'm nervous . 
 he thinks it 's because tomorrow is my first day and i have new-job-jitters . 
 i did n't tell him what happened in the park . 
 without meaning to , i bypassed an important part of my life . 
 i just did n't want him to freak out about cole , and now i ca n't backtrack and add what happened today . 
 i nod and shove another scoop in my mouth . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i put the carton down and push it away . 
 grabbing the napkin , i wipe my hand off . 
 when i go to hold edward 's hand , he takes it , but makes sure that he does n't the touch the spot i cleaned with the napkin . 
 `` i 've known you for what , two years and i had no idea you were such a germ-a-phobe . '' 
 he glances at me out of the corner of his eye , `` i 'm not . 
 i just do n't do sticky . '' 
 i snort , `` then what do you do ? '' 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 his voice is soft and comforting . 
 he wraps his arms around me and my anger deflates . 
 `` you seem bent out of shape . 
 like something 's wrong . 
 you can tell me , baby . 
 if it 's the ice cream , cover me in it . 
 i 'd do sticky for you . 
 i 'd do everything for you . '' 
 those are the words i wanted to hear . 
 i melt in his arms . 
 the tension flows out of my body . 
 i feel better . 
 he made things better . 
 `` i know you would . '' 
 i lean into his chest and blink at the tv , not seeing the picture on the screen . 
 `` can you stay a little longer ? '' 
 he nods , `` as long as you need . '' 
 his hands pull my hair away from my face . 
 `` summer sessions do n't start for another week . 
 i can stay overnight , if you 'd like . 
 on the couch , '' he adds quickly . 
 i smile , `` when you stay overnight , it wo n't be on the couch . '' 
 i feel him smile against my head . 
 he 's happy . 
 `` what 'd i say ? '' 
 `` you said when ... not if . '' 
 turning me toward him , he tips my head back and lowers his lips to mine . 
 his kiss heats my body and makes me feel better . 
 when he releases me , he kisses my temple , and whispers into my ear , `` just let me know when . 
 i 'll be there for you in every way you want . '' 
 they are nice words , words that i wanted to hear-words that i needed to hear . 
 but even as he says them , i know they are like the early morning mist that burns away in full heat of the sun . 
 chapter 10 the skinny girl looks like a model , not a receptionist . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 she asks as i push through the door on monday morning . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 i 'm dressed normally now , a dark suit clings to my body . 
 it 's not as nice as hers , but interns are n't paid much and i 'm next to broke . 
 `` anna lamore . 
 i 'm the new intern . '' 
 `` ah , yes , '' she presses her manicured finger to a button on her desk phone . 
 it looks like a sleek piece of glass . 
 figures . 
 cole has a designer phone , and a designer receptionist . 
 the piece of plastic beeps and i hear his voice . 
 `` yes , '' cole 's voice sounds relaxed . 
 `` miss lamore is here . 
 should i send her back ? '' 
 i stand there in shock . 
 why is she telling him ? 
 cole ca n't be the one training the intern . 
 that does n't make any sense . 
 `` yes , '' he replies . 
 she stands and smooths her outfit . 
 she 's wearing a silk skirt with a vibrant floral pattern . 
 her blouse is sheer and i can see a lacy cami underneath . 
 her arms are bare . 
 the heels make her nearly a foot taller than me . 
 `` this way miss lamore . 
 i 'm vanessa todd ... '' she speaks as she takes me through the building toward cole . 
 i trail behind the woman , feeling like an ogre in comparison . 
 i try to remember everything she 's saying but feel a little bit overwhelmed . 
 when we stop in front of the mahogany doors , she places a hand on my shoulder . 
 i glance up at her . 
 `` if you need anything , have any questions , i 'm happy to help you get on your feet here . '' 
 dazed , i nod and smile , `` thank you . '' 
 she walks away leaving me alone . 
 the studio is quiet and i ca n't help but wonder where everyone is . 
 this is a huge company . 
 there should be graphic designers , photographers , and assistants-but there 's no one in the halls . 
 the offices we passed are empty . 
 i look at the silver plaque on the door . 
 it 's cole 's office . 
 his name is scrawled across the plaque in an elegant script . 
 i push the door open and step through . 
 i do n't feel nervous , but i 'm not confident either . 
 yesterday knocked me off kilter . 
 the day before that blindsided me . 
 since i met cole stevens , nothing has gone according to plan . 
 the thought of hanging up on sophia sottero made me feel sick . 
 there 's no way to know if i 've made the right decision , not until it 'll be too late , but i refuse to second guess myself . 
 something burned through me yesterday in the park . 
 it was like a spark of fate ignited within me indicating my future was somehow tied to cole . 
 i do n't believe in destiny , but the surge of-whatever it was-was too powerful to ignore . 
 it made me confidently end the call with sophia sottero and walk into cole steven 's office today . 
 cole 's sitting on his desk wearing designer jeans that hug his beautiful body perfectly . 
 i wish i could afford jeans like that . 
 after the thought passes , i realize that i 'm over-dressed . 
 he swings his legs once , dangling his feet . 
 the desk is made from dark , carved wood . 
 it must have cost a fortune . 
 cole looks up at me from a manila file folder on his lap . 
 `` miss lamore . 
 good to see you . '' 
 his gaze slips over my body , taking in my formal attire . 
 `` for future reference , casual clothing works best here . 
 crawling around during shoots in a pencil skirt is n't ideal . 
 i would have mentioned it the other day , but your outfit kind of shocked the hell out of me . '' 
 the corner of my lips pull up and i laugh . 
 i did n't know what to expect today , but this surprises me . 
 `` that was my intention . '' 
 `` ah , well . 
 it worked . 
 i 've never seen anyone show up to an interview dressed like a giant skittle . '' 
 he looks me square in the face and grins . 
 `` i was hoping you were n't insane . 
 good to see you can dress yourself . '' 
 he 's teasing me . 
 it makes me smile and relax a little bit . 
 i step closer to the desk , half listening while looking at the books that line the walls . 
 `` har . 
 har . 
 very funny . 
 so tell me . 
 why is this place empty ? '' 
 i ca n't address him with revere , not after the way we met . 
 he looks up from the papers in his hands . 
 they look like bills . 
 there are numbers across the sheets , dates , and dollar signs . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` no one is here , except for amazon barbie at the front desk . 
 where is everyone ? 
 i would have thought le femme had at least twenty employees on any given day , running around half clothed-or half nak * d , depending on how you look at it . '' 
 was i joking ? 
 where 'd the light teasing tone come from ? 
 what the hell is wrong with me ? 
 i blink hard , trying to find my brain and make it work while i scan the spines on the bookcase . 
 it 's filled with art books about romanticism . 
 my mind tries to make sense of that . 
 the romantics are known for their somber sublime works . 
 looking at those pieces of art make the viewer feel a sense of loss and uncertainty . 
 cole 's work makes people want the girl in the shot , or her underwear . 
 i do n't turn to look at him as i ask . 
 i do n't want him to notice my shock . 
 i feel his eyes on my back when he answers , `` miss todd is the receptionist . 
 she 's here weekdays . 
 everyone else is already out on the island . 
 we 're keeping a skeleton crew here for the week . 
 guess who 's on skeleton staff ? '' 
 i whip my head around , and my hair flies over my shoulders . 
 what ? 
 is he serious ? 
 i 'm alone with him here for a week ? 
 `` there 's no one else here ? 
 for a week ? 
 why ? '' 
 my mouth is hanging open . 
 it wo n't close and i have no idea why . 
 he chuckles and puts the papers next to him . 
 leaning forward on the desk , he puts a hand on either side of his hips . 
 the effect makes his arms look perfect . 
 `` is that a problem , miss lamore ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 it feels like it 's full of rocks . 
 `` no , it 's just - '' `` just what ? '' 
 i shrug , `` i thought that someone else would be in charge of me , i mean my internship . '' 
 he looks me over once and says , `` well , like it or not , i 'm the boss of you this week . 
 we have a shoot later today , and then three more later in the week . 
 i want you to assist , and then i want you to second shoot on friday 's session . '' 
 i ca n't swallow . 
 my mouth goes dry . 
 i do n't think i heard him right . 
 did he say shoot ? 
 i c * ck my head and stare at him like he 's crazy , `` excuse me ? 
 did you say you want me to shoot a real session in less than a week ? 
 i 've never done this before ! '' 
 he blows off my high-pitched protest with a wave of his hand , `` you 'll be fine . '' 
 he slides off his desk , shoves the papers in his drawer and it finally sinks in . 
 what he said about everyone else being out on long island finally sinks in . 
 `` why is the staff out east ? 
 is there something going on ? '' 
 truth be told , i had no idea what was going on . 
 for all i knew it was a company retreat . 
 he shakes his head , `` not really . 
 just an expansion . '' 
 my mouth forms an o but i do n't say anything else . 
 damn . 
 a second studio on long island . 
 unless he stuck the new studio in the ` hood , cole was paying more in rent each month than i could earn in a year . 
 he looks up at me . 
 his dark hair curls slightly as it hangs over his forehead . 
 he pushes it back . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 i answer straight-faced , totally dead pan , `` ready as i 'll ever be . 
 show me to the nak * d girls . '' 
 cole nearly chokes , and then laughingly scoffs at me , `` why do all you feminists think i shoot nak * d women ? '' 
 i follow him down the hallway . 
 we are headed towards a million dollar shooting room . 
 curiosity alone makes me want to see it . 
 `` because you do , '' i answer bluntly . 
 cole turns and looks at me over his shoulder , `` they 're wearing more clothes than most women wear at the beach . 
 that 's hardly fair . '' 
 `` life 's not fair , dude . 
 get over it . '' 
 he stops in his tracks and turns in slow motion . 
 his dark brows are lifting into his hairline . 
 `` dude ? 
 seriously ? 
 you called me dude ? '' 
 he looks shocked and ca n't hide the smile that 's running across his lips . 
 not realizing that i said it , i try to cover my tracks , `` no , i - '' `` said dude . 
 you called me dude . '' 
 his eyes are so blue . 
 the way he looks at me makes my heart race . 
 the grin on his face makes the corners of his eyes crinkle a little bit . 
 the expression he 's making is cute and confused . 
 i should be embarrassed , but i 'm not . 
 i shrug , like it does n't matter , `` would you prefer something else ? '' 
 my lips twist into a smile . 
 i ca n't help it . 
 it does n't matter that i wanted to torment him yesterday . 
 this side of him makes me want to tease him more . 
 his eyes sweep over me before returning to my face . 
 he laughs , `` you 're so young . 
 you have no idea - '' i nod once , the smile fading from my lips . 
 completely serious , i look him in the eyes and say , `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean to be disrespectful . 
 from now on , i 'll refrain from calling you dude . '' 
 he looks at me . 
 i nod , and after a moment , i add in my most respectful voice , `` old dude or geezer would be way better . '' 
 our eyes remain locked . 
 my lips twitch as i try not to laugh . 
 i have no idea why i 'm teasing him again . 
 he huffs , rolling his eyes , `` you 're such a child . '' 
 running his fingers through his hair he mutters , `` i 'm getting too old for this crap . '' 
 `` mmmm , '' i answer , `` then you should n't have hired the chick dressed like a circus clown . '' 
 chapter 11 the studio is the coolest thing i 've ever seen . 
 it has everything i want in my own shooting room and more . 
 cole shows me around quickly and tells me to ditch my jacket and heels . 
 we 're shooting for the rest of the afternoon . 
 a model is due in at any moment . 
 while we are waiting for her , i slip off my shoes and kick them under a table . 
 that leaves me barefoot in a black pencil skirt with a sleeveless blouse . 
 i feel underdressed now , but barely process it because i 'm too captivated by the shooting room , especially the sets . 
 the walls are lined with them . 
 there are four total-one white , one black , one pink , and one gray . 
 each set has its own feel and different items . 
 they are all posh feeling with lots of different textures . 
 the white set 's easily my favorite . 
 white flocked wall paper surrounds a white velvet chaise that has a fuzzy white throw over the arm . 
 bleached wood floors give it just a little bit of warmth so it does n't feel sterile . 
 cole speaks as he moves about the room , explaining how the shoot will go and what to expect . 
 `` never touch the model without asking . 
 never say anything inappropriate , '' cole glances at me like he is n't sure if i can control my mouth . 
 `` those are the only two rules that you need to know for today . '' 
 i nod , `` what am i going to do ? 
 i thought that i 'd be getting coffee or something . '' 
 my gaze is on a rack of wardrobe , if you could call panty and bra sets wardrobe . 
 they are the things we 're shooting today . 
 honestly , they 're cute . 
 and one is insanely sexy . 
 it is a white shelf bra with a matching lace g-string . 
 it is the kind of thing i would want to wear , but it would n't look good on me . 
 i have too many curves for that kind of skimpy thing . 
 i rub the lace with my thumb , feeling how soft it is . 
 cole stops moving , watching me for a moment before saying , `` maybe if you were at sottero . 
 at le femme , you work . 
 if you do n't work , you do n't get paid . '' 
 dropping the bra , i turn sharply . 
 `` i get paid ? '' 
 he nods and looks at me surprised , `` what 'd you think , you were working for free ? '' 
 `` well , '' my eyes are wide and i 'm still shocked , thinking he 's dicking with me , `` yeah . 
 internships are n't paid . '' 
 he shrugs , `` this one is . 
 you get about $ 2200 per week , take home , after taxes . 
 miss todd can give you the exact amount . '' 
 `` holy shit ! '' 
 the words fly out of my mouth . 
 my jaw is hanging open . 
 i quickly slap my palms over my face and shut the gaping hole to keep anything else from flying out . 
 cole looks at me like i 'm crazy . 
 he shakes his head and lifts his camera off a shelf . 
 selecting a lens , he puts it on and adjusts the settings . 
 `` how did you not know it was paid ? '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` you 're going to learn so much more here than you would anywhere else . 
 `` lesson 1 : never work for free . 
 some new photographers think you have to , that you can build your client list by offering free sessions . 
 do n't do it . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 i ask , still shocked that i 'm getting paid and really happy about it . 
 he looks over his shoulder at me , `` because free is never free . 
 it always costs something . 
 money . 
 time . 
 reputation . 
 those are things that you need to work hard to control . 
 giving them away for free screws with perceived value , and your worth as an artist . '' 
 i 'm staring at the side of his face , shocked . 
 cole shoots girls in their underwear . 
 what does he know about marketing and business practices ? 
 he sells sex , and sex sells itself . 
 cole notices me staring at him . 
 he glances up and opens his mouth to say something , but the intercom buzzes . 
 the model is in the building and on her way back . 
 whatever he was going to say died on his lips . 
 chapter 12 for the next three hours cole is serious . 
 he tells me what to do and i do it . 
 i 'm standing , bending , kneeling and doing the assistant 's job . 
 at one point i have to reset the model 's hair . 
 she moved and it 's no longer in place . 
 it 's when she 's wearing that shelf bra . 
 her perfectly man-made boobs fill the thing up . 
 to make the ad compliant with the company 's guidelines , there ca n't be any n ** ples showing . 
 cole was right . 
 most of the shoot has n't felt weird , not once i realized that she is covered . 
 the only thing that 's awkward is this . 
 `` i 'm sorry , cole , '' angela says , her sultry voice matches her curvaceous body . 
 i 'm slightly envious , but she 's too tall . 
 in real life it must be hard to find someone to kiss without bending down . 
 that sucks for a girl . 
 `` it 's not a problem , '' he says . 
 `` miss lamore will reset your hair . 
 do n't move . 
 everything else is still perfect . '' 
 cole gestures for me . 
 i step onto the set of the white room , and he says , `` take that strand of curls and drape it over her breast . 
 ask her before you touch her . 
 company policy . '' 
 i feel stupid . 
 she 's leaning backward over the chase . 
 her hair is spilling all around her and i 'm asking to move a strand over her boob . 
 i ask , and do as i 'm told . 
 she smiles at me and grants permission . 
 i take the lock and drape it across her flesh , but i ca n't see if it covered her properly from the angle cole is shooting . 
 `` is that okay ? '' 
 i ask and step back . 
 `` no , i can still see her . 
 use more strands , '' he replies . 
 he 's looking at his camera and adjusting settings . 
 `` make sure i ca n't see anything through the center of the curl . '' 
 i ask the model if i can touch her again and move more curls . 
 her hair does n't want to stay . 
 it slides off her breast and i 'm starting to make it frizz . 
 the hairstylist is standing in the corner with her arms folded over her chest . 
 the make-up artist is watching from her chair on the other side of the room . 
 no doubt they both think i 'm going to screw this up . 
 how hard can it be to get some hair to stay ? 
 she has enough of it and it 's insanely long . 
 i try again , but the curls slide off . 
 i 'm starting to get bent out of shape . 
 i 'm blushing horribly , touching some girl 's breast and i still ca n't do it . 
 i refuse to ask cole for help , but he 's already next to me . 
 from over my shoulder , he says , `` hook the edge of the curl on her nipple . 
 the one curl will hold and then you can place another over it . '' 
 i freeze when i hear him speak , and shiver . 
 the way he says it , like he uses the word nipple frequently , shoots up warning flags in my mind . 
 his proximity puts me off kilter . 
 i feel his eyes on my back , waiting for me to do it . 
 suddenly i wonder if i can do this job , and everything it entails . 
 being comfortable around bodies changing in the gym is one thing , touching to make the poses right is another . 
 i swallow hard , my fingers hovering above the curl . 
 cole seems annoyed-or disappointed-and says , `` come on , anna . 
 this is the last set for today . 
 once we shoot this , we 're done . '' 
 he hoovers , waiting for me . 
 my hand is shaking for some reason . 
 it might have something to do with cole being so close . 
 it might have to do with paying such careful attention to someone else 's n ** ples . 
 irritated with myself , i blow out a huff of air between my lips and take the curl . 
 i chose this . 
 i passed up sottero . 
 this was my choice . 
 i do as he says and the curl stays . 
 i beam like an idiot , and then quickly drape the other locks in place . 
 they all hold . 
 i step back into cole , smashing his toes with my bare feet . 
 he 's not wearing shoes either . 
 cole steadies me , his warm hands on my elbows . 
 from behind my shoulders , he says , `` do n't be shy when you 're shooting . 
 it makes your job harder . 
 you could have used fashion tape to hold the hair in place , but we do n't want to do anything we do n't have to . 
 tape in hair sucks . 
 the temperature in the room is warm , but it 's still chilly enough-for obvious reasons . 
 i thought you 'd be okay with this kind of stuff . '' 
 his hands slip away from my elbows and he passes in front of me . 
 the sound of the shutter snapping fills my ears . 
 he 's so at ease , moving , speaking , and acting like this woman is anyone else and not a nearly-naked super-model . 
 i do n't answer . 
 i did n't want this job , but i chose it . 
 this was n't my career goal , but here i am . 
 i 'm perplexed because this shoot is n't what i thought it would be . 
 i moved at ease through the room , right up until this last part . 
 and the only reason i hesitated was because of cole . 
 it was n't like i did n't notice the half nude person in the room , it 's that i was n't as uncomfortable as i thought i 'd be . 
 and cole , he was nothing like i thought he 'd be . 
 i expected him to be sleazy , touchy , and filled with innuendo . 
 as the shoot progressed , i do n't know if he even realized the woman he was shooting was n't clothed . 
 this was second nature to him . 
 it 's like he is a fish and this scandalous world of his is water . 
 he does n't notice it , and he moves through it with ease . 
 today i learned that cole stevens is n't the photographer i thought he was , and neither am i. chapter 13 edward 's arm is draped across my shoulder . 
 we are walking down the street to the steady hum of car engines . 
 the buildings glow against the inky sky . 
 the diner was packed after work . 
 we met there , shared a meal , and are walking back to my place . 
 by the time i finished with work , i was starving . 
 edward squeezes my shoulder , and grins down at me , `` so , tell me how today went . 
 what do you do all day ? 
 how 's working with your boss ? '' 
 we did n't talk about work at dinner , instead i put it off . 
 he lifts his chin and we stop at a corner , waiting for the light to change . 
 a car horn blares behind us . 
 when the light changes , we walk in the mass of people . 
 i say , `` well , it turns out my boss is cole stevens . '' 
 edward gasps , `` no way . '' 
 he knows who cole is . 
 everyone knows who cole is , so that is n't surprising . 
 but , like me , edward assumed someone else would be overseeing the internship . 
 nodding , i say , `` yeah . 
 it turns out that he 's in charge of my internship . 
 i stay here with him to do some shoots in the city this week , and then the rest of the summer , i 'll be out east on long island somewhere . 
 i probably should have asked where . '' 
 my voice trails off . 
 i grew up out there . 
 in the back of my mind , i 'm hoping that the new studio is near enough to my parent 's house to commute . 
 housing arrangements would be an issue , paid or not . 
 renting something short term on long island was expensive . 
 his shoulders sag and edward stops walking , `` no . 
 the whole summer ? 
 are you serious ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't realize exactly what this internship included until today , but it 's only a few weeks . '' 
 he still looks crestfallen . 
 i add , `` and it 's not like i 'm that far away . 
 i 'm sure we can get together a few times a week . '' 
 he 's smiling at me again . 
 pulling me close , we stop on the sidewalk . 
 people walk past us , some bumping into me , but i do n't care . 
 in the moment , there is only edward and me . 
 he lowers his lips to mine and that familiar light feeling floats through my stomach . 
 gently , he pushes my hair away from my cheek . 
 he breaks the kiss , and breathes deeply . 
 a rush of warm breath flows from his lips as he breathes , `` oh god , i want you . 
 when you kiss me like that , i ca n't think . 
 you 're amazing . '' 
 his fingers tangle in my hair . 
 i look up into his cool eyes . 
 the way he looks at me makes me squirm . 
 someone bumps my elbow . 
 it brings attention back to where we are . 
 `` we 'd better get home so i can make you think even less , '' i try not to giggle . 
 i try to be sexy , but i laugh softly anyway . 
 taking his hand in mine , we walk faster down the street . 
 ____ by the time we plow through the apartment door , his hands are all over me . 
 one is pushing up my skirt , my leg is hiked up and wrapped around his hips , while he cups the curve of my ass . 
 we do n't break the kiss . 
 i 'm so hot . 
 it feels like every inch of me is on fire . 
 i want him . 
 i need him . 
 the place between my legs is throbbing . 
 feeling his lips there is what i want , but i 'm too afraid to ask . 
 i want him to do it , i want him to take me-and not ask permission-to have me how he wants . 
 but edward wo n't do that . 
 he 's too cautious , that carnal part of him seems buried too deep . 
 i wonder if i 'll ever get at the part of him that 's wild and dauntless . 
 the part of edward that 's more animal than man , the part that wants me in every way . 
 i tell myself that every relationship has problems and that we can learn to deal with them . 
 my hand slides down between us and below his waistband . 
 i stroke his hard length , hoping he 'll ravish me the way i want him to . 
 his breath hitches and before i can do anything , his fingers are around my wrist . 
 `` slow down , babe . '' 
 he 's breathing hard in my ear , his face is flushed . 
 disappointed i say , `` do n't you ever just want to tear my clothes off and take me ? '' 
 between kisses down my neck , he says , `` of course . '' 
 my heart is pounding . 
 pulling his face back , i hold his cheeks between my palms . 
 breathing hard i say , `` then do it . 
 anything you want , anyway you want . 
 right now . '' 
 his eyes are wide and dark . 
 they look into mine with an expression that makes me afraid . 
 edward does n't move . 
 his eyes drift lower , watching the deep breaths making my chest rise and fall . 
 after a moment , he steps back and releases me . 
 a rush of cold fills the void . 
 ice drips down my spine . 
 he 's going to reject me . 
 that look on his face says what i already know . 
 he pushes his hair out of his eyes and looks up at me , `` i - '' he starts to say , but a noise stops him from speaking . 
 the telltale sound of metal scraping lets us know the door is being unlocked . 
 emma will step into the room any second . 
 his eyes are apologetic , like he ca n't be the man i want . 
 i do n't understand . 
 we blink at each other as emma pushes the door open and turns to yank her key out of the lock . 
 she sees us , but does n't sense the tension right away , `` hey guys . 
 anna , you got ta tell me how today went . 
 i ca n't wait - '' she turns and realizes she walked in on something . 
 it 's probably not what she thinks it is . 
 i act like nothing happened , and turn toward the kitchen . 
 i pull open the fridge door and bend over , peering inside . 
 `` it was interesting . 
 that 's for sure . '' 
 i need a drink . 
 where 's the wine ? 
 i hear plastic bags being set on the counter . 
 emma says , `` i bought your favorite . '' 
 she holds up a bottle of white merlot . 
 i could die . 
 smiling at me , she holds the bottle by the neck . 
 `` you guys can celebrate without me . 
 i totally did n't mean to ... '' i cut her off , `` you did n't . 
 and we already celebrated , did n't we edward ? '' 
 he nods , `` yup . 
 dinner and stuff . '' 
 he 's staring at me . 
 i ca n't tell what he wants from me . 
 i wish he 'd just take me in his arms and say he wanted me . 
 but he says nothing . 
 he stands there with his arms folded like he 's an awkward kid . 
 emma pulls out two glasses and looks at her brother , `` well , i want to hear about it . 
 sorry if it 's old news to you . 
 so are you staying or going ? '' 
 she has her fingers on a third glass , but he shakes his head . 
 `` nah , i 'll head home . 
 things to think about . '' 
 his eyes are on me , but i ca n't look at him . 
 `` congratulations , anna . '' 
 he steps toward me , and kisses my temple . 
 i smile at him , but it 's one of those smiles that feels wrong , like the lines of my face are filled with cement . 
 `` see you tomorrow ? '' 
 i nod , `` sure , '' my voice is too soft . 
 he knows our relationship is broken . 
 he likes slow and steady . 
 i like everything else . 
 slow makes me fall into a coma . 
 steady is n't my idea of romantic . 
 but i do n't want to lose him . 
 in every other way , we 're perfect together . 
 he steps toward the door and lets himself out . 
 i watch him go . 
 part of me wants to call him back and be with him his way , but i do n't move . 
 emma watches me . 
 she can tell i 'm out of sorts , but she does n't mention it . 
 instead we talk about cole and work and half-naked models . 
 i tell her that i hold reflectors , move lights , and adjust things on set . 
 i leave out that adjustments include things of a more sensual nature . 
 `` so , cole was with you today ? '' 
 she asks , knowing it 's weird . 
 `` anna , interns are treated like dirt , and you have the owner doing yours . 
 you ever wonder why ? '' 
 for a second the only response i have is a half open mouth . 
 `` i have . 
 and i do n't know . 
 for some reason he did n't want sottero to have me . 
 that much , i 'm sure of . '' 
 she nods at me . 
 although she has n't said it , the question-the reason she 's thinking-has crossed my mind as well . 
 maybe it was more than he did n't want sottero to have me . 
 maybe he actually wanted me . 
 but that does n't make sense . 
 i have next to no reputation , and the one i do have says i 'm a pain in the ass , stubborn to a fault . 
 `` so , next week you 'll be out east somewhere . 
 how 'd edward take that ? '' 
 she asks , and then adds . 
 `` you do n't have to say anything , if you do n't want to , but when i walked through the door , you looked like someone hit you in the head with a frying pan . 
 i 'd be a shitty friend if i did n't ask . '' 
 i snort , and pull my knees into my chest . 
 we 're sitting on the living room floor . 
 half the bottle of wine is gone . 
 tucking a stray hair behind my ear , i stare at my glass , `` he was okay with it . 
 that 's not the problem . 
 he 's always supportive , exactly the kind of guy a girl hopes for . '' 
 she watches me . 
 after a moment she asks , `` but not you ? '' 
 shrugging , i say , `` it gets into things i ca n't discuss with you . '' 
 i stare at my toes . 
 sighing , i finally just ask her , `` you know i 've only had two serious relationships . 
 one was a stoner , and the other was - '' i try to find the right words , but emma choses them for me . 
 `` a dick . '' 
 she throws back the rest of her wine . 
 i nod , `` yeah , so i do n't really know what to expect . 
 i mean , if a guy was great in every single way but your bedroom preferences did n't exactly line up , what would you do ? '' 
 i stumble over the words as i say them . 
 she blinks once and stares at me . 
 `` if you asked me that before my third glass of wine , i think i would have puked on you . 
 and i might now , anyway . '' 
 i roll my eyes at her , `` stop it . 
 be serious for once . 
 i need you . 
 i 'm not talking about your brother . 
 i 'm talking about me . 
 i 'm a freak , emma . 
 guys seem to think that i 'm this little goodie-two-shoes kinda girl , and i 'm not . 
 i want things ... things that they seem to think are weird . 
 what do i do ? '' 
 emma seems intrigued . 
 `` what kind of things do you want that no one will do ? '' 
 i shrug , `` i do n't know . 
 things . '' 
 i ca n't say it . 
 i do n't want to . 
 but i know what i want , and if i 'm with edward , i 'll be three for zero , in terms of guys that make me melt . 
 `` okay , you 're a bad liar . 
 but i understand if you do n't want to tell me . 
 i 've done some things that i would n't tell anyone about either . '' 
 i glance up at her surprised . 
 she shrugs , `` the right guy makes just about anything sound sexy . 
 but that 's not your problem . '' 
 she pushes her dark hair out of her face . 
 `` i would n't throw away an entire relationship based on the sex , but staying in a relationship where you both want different things , i do n't know ... '' her tone is leading , but she 's saying what i already know . 
 `` it 's settling , is n't it ? '' 
 `` seems that way , '' she nods and reaches for my glass . 
 she refills both our cups and the bottle is empty . 
 she glances at her glass , `` after i drink this , i wo n't have any recollection of our conversation , so if you have to ask me funky sex stuff that involves my twin , you 'd better do it now . '' 
 she makes a face and i laugh . 
 i hold onto her shoulder , `` i ca n't do that to you . 
 telling you that i want more than he 's willing to give is enough . '' 
 `` and that 's the problem that you 'll face with every guy , '' she lifts her glass and taps it against mine . 
 the crystal rings . 
 `` cheers , anna . 
 may your future be filled with someone who can give you everything you need . '' 
 chapter 14 `` that 's not what i need , '' cole says in a huff . 
 he pushes past me and grabs a different white cloth from the prop closet . 
 there are so many props . 
 i have no idea how he decides which to use . 
 he steps in front of me , takes the prop , and walks toward the set . 
 a model is sitting on a chaise with her back toward us . 
 she 's wearing a tiny panty made of strings . 
 it connects below her h * ps with a snake wrapped around a red crystal apple , the symbol of evil eve . 
 like eve was in on it with the serpent in the garden of eden . 
 i keep my feminist statements to myself , and follow cole . 
 `` the set is too smooth , '' cole explains . 
 `` adding something like this will visually add texture and softness . 
 you want the viewer 's eye to rest on the curve of her back , right where that apple is . 
 the snake is the leading line that creates the flow of the composition . 
 if you do n't put something in the bottom quadrant of the image , it wo n't work as well . '' 
 cole tosses down a fuzzy white rug . 
 he bends at his knees , barefoot , and plays with it until it lies haphazardly , like was thrown there . 
 i watch him place the rug , but i am having trouble . 
 shaking my head , i say , `` i do n't see it . '' 
 he does n't turn toward me . 
 instead he lifts his camera to his eye and shoots . 
 his fingers curve over the lens and the shutter snaps . 
 over his shoulder , he says , `` you will . '' 
 i do n't reply . 
 cole shows me settings on the cameras and lights . 
 he has me move things on set . 
 basically , i 'm his beckon girl . 
 he asks for something and i do it . 
 as the day progresses , i 'm starting to see what he 's doing . 
 it comes together with the shoot from the other day . 
 he works his way through the four sets , always shooting to show the model 's best assets while complimenting the teeny tiny lingerie she 's wearing . 
 the trademark le femme sexy poses are n't by accident . 
 every bit of them is cole . 
 it 's the way he sees a scene and makes it come together . 
 ___ at the end of the day , i 'm backing up the shoot onto his computer along the back wall of the studio . 
 cole walks up behind me after shutting off the lights in the massive room behind us . 
 the crew and model have left . 
 it 's later than usual . 
 i want to leave , but the shoot ran late . 
 i watch the data transfer . 
 as each thumbnail shows up on the screen , i look at it . 
 i kind of like that panty after seeing it all day . 
 it 's sexy , or at least i think it is . 
 i wonder how many things are sexy because someone told me they are . 
 cole reaches past me , his finger pressing the screen . 
 a thumbnail just appeared . 
 he 's pointing at it , `` that 's the shot before the rug . 
 this is the shot after . '' 
 he leans in , not paying attention to how close he is , `` see how this image makes you glance and look away ? '' 
 i nod . 
 it does do that , but i did n't know why . 
 `` it 's because the composition is messed up . 
 the flow is broken . 
 there 's nowhere for the eye to rest or reenter the image . 
 but this one , '' he points at the picture with the rug , `` is better . 
 since it 's white on white , the texture does n't detract from the focal point , but it lends to the overall image . '' 
 he turns to look at me . 
 he 's in my circle of space , but i do n't feel the need to force him out . 
 although i have n't been around cole very long , i 've already noticed that he is n't a touchy person . 
 he does n't seem to linger this close to anyone else . 
 i wonder if he 's doing it on purpose . 
 `` this shoot was more risque than the one we did the other day . '' 
 i nod slowly , `` yeah , i suppose it was . '' 
 he 's still too close . 
 i arch a brow at him , wondering what he 's doing . 
 he grins , `` you did n't notice , did you ? 
 that she was wearing a piece of string all day ? '' 
 thinking about it , i lean back in my chair . 
 cole steps in front of me and sits down on the desk . 
 `` i suppose not . 
 actually , i hated that piece of clothing this morning ... but it grew on me during the day . '' 
 his eyebrow rose , surprised , `` did it ? '' 
 `` when i first saw it , i thought it was saying women are evil , you know the temptress bitch scenario . '' 
 he laughs even though i 'm being serious . 
 `` shut up . 
 it 's real . 
 look it up , '' i say , grinning . 
 `` anyway , as the day passed , i thought it was sexy . 
 i think that 's kind of amazing about this place-you get to define what 's sexy . '' 
 his arms fold over his toned chest while i speak . 
 there 's a gleam in his eye that i ca n't ignore . 
 it makes my stomach flip-flop when he looks at me like that . 
 `` that 's why i wanted you to work here . 
 i knew you 'd see it . 
 le femme is n't about making women into sex objects . 
 you missed that before . 
 when you first spoke to me , that was all you thought we were . 
 but now you see it . 
 do n't you ? '' 
 i nod . 
 cautiously , i say , `` it 's more about defining femininity and power . 
 you showcase your ideals , putting them into pictures . '' 
 i 'd only been here for a few days , but there is a reason why i am the best in my class . 
 i see things no one else does . 
 when i find something i do n't understand , i want to know everything about it until i understand it fully . 
 right now , i feel that way about cole . 
 he confuses the hell out of me . 
 i tilt my head , looking up at him , `` was that your intention when you started shooting ? '' 
 he laughs , `` you did n't ask if you were right . 
 most people would have waited for confirmation of their claim , and then asked the next question . '' 
 he has a dimple on his cheek when he smiles hard . 
 `` dude , we both know i 'm right and that i 'm slightly arrogant-kind of like you-so let 's just call it what it is so you can answer my question . '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` when you started le femme , did you set out to showcase femininity and power ? '' 
 sometime while i was speaking , i sat up . 
 by the time i finish , the tips of my fingers are on his knee , and i am looking up at him . 
 i smile noncommittally , and lean back into my chair , slouching , not sure why i did that . 
 his lips press together into a straight line , almost disappearing . 
 his hands rest on either side of his h * ps on the desk . 
 he leans forward when i lean back , `` you 're dangerous , you know that ? 
 not only do you see things clearly-well , when you actually take the time to look at them-but you also call people on it . 
 you demand honesty . '' 
 `` i 'm scary as hell , '' i joke . 
 `` more than you know , '' he says seriously . 
 his eyes rove over my face like he 's considering something . 
 he looks to the side , careful to avoid my eyes . 
 rubbing an imaginary spot on his jeans , he says , `` i started le femme as a fly-by-night artist . 
 i wanted to be a painter , but that did n't pay the bills . 
 someone took pity on me and handed me a camera . 
 i was able to cut my own path from there . 
 `` when i was on my own , i did n't like what i saw . 
 women were portrayed as weak . 
 they were cast into a mold that no longer fits , '' he looks up at me and continues , `` if it ever did . 
 the pieces that dominated the market only show a certain type of woman-a specific type of beauty . 
 i want to show what i think is beautiful . 
 i want the world to see things through my eyes . 
 and i can do that anna , i can make you see my perspective through this lens . '' 
 he taps at the glass on the end of his camera and looks up at me . 
 `` it tilts the world on its side . 
 it has the potential to change everything , every concept you have , every belief you hold ... '' he places the camera down and shakes his head , running his fingers through his hair . 
 `` god , if you saw my earlier work , you would n't believe it . 
 le femme pays the bills . 
 le femme is the tame version of me and that 's the cole stevens the world knows . 
 `` so , yeah , my ideals leaked into my work . 
 i 've found that it 's impossible to keep them out , no matter how hard i try . '' 
 while he speaks , i 'm glued in place , mesmerized . 
 his blue eyes pierce me and hold me still . 
 i forget to breathe . 
 stunned , i wonder , who the hell is this ? 
 who is this man ? 
 do i know him at all ? 
 was every assumption i made , every educated guess about him completely wrong ? 
 i drool at him , lost in the shy passion barely contained in his voice , until he says he was on his own . 
 liar . 
 i know that 's not true . 
 i know he comes from money . 
 everyone knows that , so i wonder why he says it-why he tries to tell such a blatant lie . 
 does he think i 'm a moron ? 
 maybe . 
 instead of calling him on it , i listen to the rest of his story . 
 his passion is addictive . 
 as soon as he stops speaking , i want to hear more , even if it is lies . 
 no one talks like that anymore . 
 no one says what they actually think , what they believe . 
 i find myself staring at his dark eyes wondering how i could be so drawn to him when we are so different . 
 it 's a question that i smash away with a mental broom as soon as it surfaces . 
 thinking about cole stevens is not the pastime of a prudent person . 
 my inner-self reminds me that i am not a prudent person . 
 damn . 
 chapter 15 the week creeps slowly by . 
 the days are long and every minute of it spent with cole . 
 work is more fun than i expected . 
 i still wonder if i made the right decision . 
 i have no idea what to do later in life with the things cole is teaching me . 
 i 'm not going to shoot this kind of stuff , although i start to see more of him . 
 he seems to trust me , and speaks more freely . 
 it 's strange how often i have a smile on my face lately . 
 i am seeing double by the time we stop after lunch . 
 cole stays in order to keep working , getting ready for a meeting later , but he sends me home . 
 the halo that 's burned into my retinas from editing images all day on the computer has started to dull and fade . 
 i do n't know how he stares at a screen all day . 
 the changes he makes to the photos during editing are so minute . 
 it 's like shifting a grain of sand on the beach . 
 the one tiny movement seems to pull the whole thing together . 
 i 'm still uncertain of myself , of what he expects from me . 
 but i show up and i 'm trying . 
 i feel like there 's more to learn from him , but i 'm not sure what . 
 the speech he made the other night is still fresh in my mind . 
 i avoid edward . 
 i do n't know what to do with him . 
 he said he loves me . 
 i owe him an honest explanation about what i 'm thinking , i know i do , but i ca n't do it . 
 not yet . 
 mainly because i have no clue what i 'm thinking . 
 i pull my hair into a pony tail and slip on a pair of cotton shorts and a tank top . 
 my plan is to lounge in front of the tv while emma is out , and let my subconscious deal with edward . 
 as soon as i kick my feet up , my phone rings . 
 i tilt the screen so i can see the name . 
 suffolk county police is across the screen . 
 sitting up , i answer it . 
 `` hello , '' i say , wondering who is on the other end of the line . 
 `` anna , good you 're there . '' 
 `` cole ? '' 
 i ask , shocked . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` yeah , i ca n't talk . 
 i only have a minute . 
 i hate to ask you this , but i need a huge favor . 
 i 'm in jail . 
 please go to the studio , take cash out of the safe . 
 the combination is scratched onto the back of my main camera body . 
 take ten grand and come get me out . 
 please . '' 
 i 'm trying so hard to remember everything he says , but i just blink at the phone like it 's a joke . 
 `` you 're serious ? 
 you 've been arrested and you 're all the way out in riverhead ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he says . 
 `` if you do n't get here by six , i 'm going to be stuck in a cell overnight . 
 it 's four now . 
 do you think you can make it ? '' 
 i glance at the clock . 
 there are a million questions i want to ask . 
 emma walks through the door , but i ignore her . 
 `` fine , but you owe me huge . '' 
 `` fine , anything you want . 
 just do n't tell anyone . 
 that 's why i asked you . '' 
 i scoff at that . 
 walking away from emma and into my room , i close the door and hiss , `` you trust me ? 
 are you insane ? 
 how the hell am i supposed to keep this a secret ? 
 you 're a frickin ' socialite ! 
 the papers will be all over this ! '' 
 i rub the heel of my hand over my eyes . 
 i have no idea why he called me . 
 me , out of all people ! 
 cole says , `` i have a pretty good idea of what kind of person you are . 
 you wo n't tell the press . 
 i know you wo n't . 
 and you keep your promises . '' 
 it 's a statement , a true cold hard fact that he picked up from working with me for hours on end . 
 in that moment i understand why he called me and not someone else . 
 i wo n't draw attention , no one knows who i am , and no one would ever expect the intern to go bail out her boss . 
 he trusts me . 
 and he 's shrewd . 
 `` gah , '' i sigh like a melodramatic teenager and laughingly say , `` you suck . 
 you know that . '' 
 but i 've already made up my mind . 
 cole was right . 
 i wo n't tell anyone he 's in jail and i wo n't tell him no . 
 i ca n't turn my back on someone who asks me for help . 
 call it a code of ethics , or maybe it 's just a desire to be a better person , but somehow cole sniffed it out . 
 and that made him call me and not miss todd . 
 shaking my head , i say , `` riverhead . 
 fine . 
 i 'll be there in a couple of hours . '' 
 he 's quiet for a moment then says , `` thanks , anna . '' 
 `` sure , '' i reply . 
 i press end call and he 's gone . 
 chapter 16 when i hang up the phone emma is lurking in the kitchen . 
 she 's a bit of a busy body , always wanting to know what 's going on . 
 i suppose that fits her personality . 
 `` hey , '' she says smiling at me . 
 `` you 're home early . '' 
 i tug on my boots quickly and lace them up . 
 when i come out of my room , i 've already pulled on jeans and my leather jacket . 
 `` yeah , well , it was short-lived . 
 i have to go out to the island . 
 something came up . 
 i 'll probably just stay out there tonight . '' 
 my parents live out there ; i could crash at their house after i free cole . 
 i wonder what he did . 
 i walk to the closet and pull out a black full face helmet and a second larger helmet . 
 it 's white like a giant ping pong ball . 
 emma 's eyes drift to the white helmet . 
 `` riding out there with someone ? '' 
 she asks . 
 emma is leaning her hip against the counter . 
 her arms are folded over her chest . 
 she seems relaxed , but i know she 's not . 
 i 'm moving too quickly for her to think everything is all right . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no . '' 
 i hold up the white helmet on my fist , `` i prefer this one at night , if i ride back later . '' 
 she arches her eyebrow , `` since when ? '' 
 `` since it 's summer and i 'm taking ocean parkway . 
 geeze , what 's with the third degree ? '' 
 i 'm a little defensive . 
 i strap my backpack on . 
 this is insane . 
 i 'm going to be riding with ten grand in cash on my back . 
 she shrugs and uncrosses her arms , `` sorry , i did n't mean anything by it . 
 i just wanted to make sure you were okay . '' 
 she walks into the kitchen and grabs a loaf of bread . 
 `` you want some food to take with you ? 
 i can toss you a powerbar or something . '' 
 i shake my head and grab the keys to my bike . 
 `` nah , i 'll eat once i get there . 
 talk to you later . '' 
 and i 'm out the door . 
 i fly down the stairs and run across the street into the parking garage . 
 my bike is right where i left it . 
 grays and blacks cover the frame . 
 there is n't a spec of chrome or plastic on it . 
 a pink stripe goes down the gas tank and explodes into a splash of color . 
 swinging my leg over the side , i kick start the thing-mostly because the time constraint is making me nervous-and pull out . 
 i zip in and out of traffic like i do n't value my life . 
 it 's too close to rush hour . 
 if i do n't get to the tunnel fast enough , i 'll be trapped . 
 i 'm lucky . 
 i manage to get downtown quickly and park on the sidewalk in front of le femme . 
 i rush past miss todd , saying that cole forgot something . 
 she eyes me suspiciously , but does n't follow . 
 i find his camera body and flip it over . 
 no scratches . 
 no safe combination . 
 damn it . 
 where 'd he put it ? 
 i turn it over twice in my hands , looking for the markings , but do n't find any . 
 i 'm wasting time . 
 i reach for the other camera bodies , but those are all clean too . 
 i go back to the first body-the one he always uses-and take off the lens . 
 i look at the housing between the body and the lens , tilting it to try to see hidden markings , but nothing 's there . 
 i reattach the lens and flip the camera over in my palms . 
 opening the battery door , i slide the battery out and still see nothing but black plastic . 
 my heart is pounding . 
 this is taking too long . 
 pressing the lever for the memory cards , the little door on the side of the camera swings open . 
 three numbers are scratched into the curve of the casing on the inside of the door . 
 i exhale a rush of air . 
 taking the camera , i run to cole 's office , and open the safe . 
 there are several things that catch my eye , including a small tiffany 's ring box . 
 it 's pale blue with the famous logo printed in silver letter across the case . 
 normally i would n't snoop , but the box looks like it 's been crushed , stomped under foot . 
 the blue leather is gashed and scuffed . 
 the lid no longer closes correctly . 
 it pains me to look at it . 
 something happened involving this piece of jewelry . 
 i reach for the tiny box and lift it out . 
 the lid falls off in my hands to reveal a solitaire engagement ring . 
 the stone is huge and perfect . 
 i lift it from its padding for a moment , staring at it , wondering who it was meant for and what happened when he gave it to her . 
 from the look of the box , it did n't end well . 
 my heart sinks as i hold the ring . 
 cole acts pulled together , but at the moment i 'm not so sure . 
 it 's like he puts his best foot forward and hides the rest . 
 things like lost loves and battered tiffany 's boxes are n't visible on his face . 
 i breathe slowly and realize i 'm holding a piece of cole 's past , something he locked away from the world . 
 i return the ring to the box and put it back . 
 ignoring it , i reach toward the back of the safe where cash is piled in neat little bundles . 
 i grab enough stacks and shove them into my backpack . 
 miss todd is going to think i 'm a thief if she sees me . 
 i move faster . 
 before i slam the safe closed , a piece of paper falls . 
 i reach out and catch it . 
 it 's an old photograph . 
 i ca n't ignore it . 
 it 's out an old picture of cole wearing army clothes . 
 stevens is across his chest , some medals line the other side . 
 his eyes are cold and hard . 
 he looks so young , younger than i 've ever seen him . 
 i flip the piece of paper over , looking for a date , wondering if it 's real . 
 was cole a solider ? 
 why would he enlist ? 
 before i have another moment to consider it , i hear miss todd 's heels clicking down the hallway toward me . 
 her slow steady sashay gives me time to put the photo back where it was , close the safe , and zip up my backpack . 
 when she walks through the door , i held up his camera like i 've found it . 
 she cocks her head at me , like she ca n't believe it . 
 `` he forgot his camera ? '' 
 she asks , her narrow arms folding over her chest . 
 i nod and stuff that into my bag too . 
 `` yeah , well , these things are expected . 
 i think cole 's getting a little senile , '' i smile as i say it , half joking and not offering any other explanation . 
 i have to get out of here . 
 she does n't laugh at my joke . 
 `` but he went to a business meeting . 
 at least , i thought - '' nodding , i pass her and head toward the door . 
 speaking over my shoulder , as she follows me out , i say `` he was . 
 then he said he wanted it . 
 i do n't know . 
 cole said he usually has one on him , and asked me to grab it . 
 he 'll be back later tonight . 
 tease him then . 
 i sure will . '' 
 smiling at her , i wave and run through the door , leaving miss todd standing there with a response on her lips . 
 the cash on my back is making me nervous . 
 if i get pulled over for driving like a crazy person , they 'll instantly add my name to the terrorist watch list . 
 that would suck . 
 checking the time , i see that i 'm cutting it really close . 
 after pulling into traffic , i open the throttle and punch it . 
 the bike takes off , humming like a bee . 
 i bob and weave through cars and trucks trapped in rush hour traffic . 
 as soon as i 'm back on long island , the wave of panic recedes . 
 an hour and a half later i 'm in riverhead and my butt is vibrating like i 'm still on the bike . 
 i leave my helmet with the motorcycle and walk into the jail . 
 after a few wrong turns , i 'm sent to the right person . 
 an old lady with face-saddlebags looks up at me , `` who are you here for , hun ? '' 
 i 'm out of breath , and sweat makes my hair stick to my face . 
 i push it back and say , `` cole stevens . '' 
 she looks up at me from her metal desk . 
 the eyebrow drawn on her face does n't move . 
 `` the bail bondsmen closed at five . 
 you 'll have to wait until tomorrow . 
 next . '' 
 the guy behind me tries to push me out of the way , buy i hold out my arm like i 'm going to close-line him if he tries to push in front of me . 
 `` wait . 
 i do n't need a bond . 
 i have cash . '' 
 i say to her , reaching around for my bag . 
 suddenly i feel like saying that out loud was a stupid idea . 
 the look on her face confirms my stupidity . 
 she sniffs and raises her bloodshot eyes back up at me , `` you have ten grand on you ? 
 in cash ? '' 
 i nod . 
 the tension in the room jumps about ten slots . 
 she waves a pudgy hand at the guard . 
 he steps closer . 
 `` we need a secure desk for this one . '' 
 she jabs her thumb at me . 
 `` she walked in with ten grand in cash . '' 
 they both roll their eyes like i 'm an enormous pain in the ass . 
 it 's just after five , but by the time they get a secure desk , which was me and another civil service employee and a cop , it was nearly 6:00 pm . 
 they are talking to each other after the amount is counted , and acting like i 'm not even there . 
 finally , the woman hands me the bail slip and spews a bunch of stuff about how to get the bail money back . 
 `` what do i do now ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` nothing , '' the cop says from behind me . 
 `` they 'll show the judge the bail , and he approves it . 
 if he gets the slip in the next ten minutes , your friend is out today . 
 otherwise , come back first thing tomorrow . '' 
 i nod and go to the waiting area . 
 it 's half empty . 
 a pregnant woman sits across from me on a wooden bench from the fifties . 
 no one looks at anyone else . 
 i wonder what cole did to get tossed in here . 
 part of me is nervous about that . 
 i do n't want to ask . 
 it will conflict with the new image of him that 's floating through my mind . 
 i think about the picture in the safe , that younger version of cole in the uniform . 
 i realize that i have no idea who he is . 
 it 's strange because after the past few days , i felt like i did know him . 
 cole seemed more at ease . 
 he did n't hold back when he was teaching me . 
 passion filled his voice when he spoke about photography and art . 
 but this ? 
 this is insane . 
 i hardly know him and yet i 'm the one he trusted with his safe combination and bail money . 
 the metal security doors open and a cop walks through with cole . 
 he 's dressed in a black suit . 
 the jacket is hanging over his arm , his shirtsleeves are rolled up . 
 cole looks like he fell asleep in his suit . 
 the cop tells cole to get his things from the cashier 's window , and then turns and walks back behind the doors . 
 the few people in the room look up when cole walks out and quickly avert their eyes . 
 cole straightens his shoulders like he does n't belong here . 
 his cool blue eyes scan the room . 
 he sees me and nods . 
 i walk over to him . 
 part of me hesitates , like he could be dangerous , but my feet keep moving . 
 i stop next to him . 
 cole turns toward the cashier 's window and takes a yellow envelope from the woman . 
 he puts a ring back on his finger , his watch , and stuffs his wallet into his back pocket . 
 he hands the envelope back to the woman and she throws it in the trash . 
 cole turns and i follow him to the doors . 
 when we step outside , there are no reporters . 
 he smiles at me , `` you did good , kid . 
 thanks . '' 
 he sounds relieved . 
 his posture changes and his shoulders relax a little . 
 he takes a deep breath and runs his fingers through his hair . 
 i want to roll my eyes when he calls me kid , but i tease him instead , `` no prob old dude , '' but i 'm tense and i know he can hear it in my voice . 
 cole looks around , breathing the air like he was inside too long . 
 i ca n't keep quiet . 
 i have to know . 
 `` so , what 'd you do ? '' 
 he eyes me , startled , almost . 
 he seems surprised that i ask . 
 tilting my head , i fold my arms across my chest saying , `` you ca n't ask me to drive all the way out here and not tell me . 
 what 'd you do ? '' 
 he sighs and rubs his hands through his hair again . 
 he does that when he 's upset . 
 i 've seen him do that at work when he ca n't get a pose to work right . 
 `` it was nothing . 
 really - '' i ca n't let it slide . 
 it would be the height of stupidity to do this and not insist on knowing what happened . 
 i lean my face a little closer to his . 
 catching his gaze i say , `` ten grand worth of nothing ? 
 by the way , that was insane . 
 you have a mini bank in your office . 
 who needs that much cash ? 
 is that why they picked you up ? '' 
 he shushes me , and puts his hand on my back , leading me toward the parking lot . 
 `` oh my god , anna . 
 stop talking . 
 really . 
 they 're still criminals around . 
 do you want my office to be tossed before we even get back ? '' 
 turning to look up at him , i ask one more time-one last time , `` listen , i think you 're ... '' i 'm so upset that i want to cry . 
 i like working with him . 
 i like my internship and whatever he just did shot it all to hell . 
 there is no way i can finish now , and the craziest part is that i want to . 
 when did that happen ? 
 i push away the thought . 
 i 'll deal with it later . 
 a knot forms in my throat . 
 `` why 'd you have to go do something horrible , stevens ? 
 i actually liked going to work , and now you messed it up . '' 
 i rub my face with the heel of my hand . 
 `` what ? '' 
 shock is in his voice . 
 we 're standing on a cement island between the police station and the parking lot . 
 i 'm so disappointed with him that i ca n't hide it . 
 `` i ca n't work for a felon , and i think it 'd be better for both of us ... '' his laughter cuts me off . 
 his face lights up like i said the funniest thing ever , `` what are you talking about , lamore ? 
 you think i did something ? 
 what do you think i did ! '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 something bad , since you wo n't tell me . 
 i ca n't work for someone who might knock me into the east river one night . '' 
 i 'm only half joking . 
 he worries me now . 
 i thought about it on the way out here and unless he was tossed in the slammer because of unpaid parking tickets-which he should have been able to tell me-then i ca n't work for him anymore . 
 `` you watch too much tv , anna . 
 seriously . '' 
 he scans the parking lot . 
 `` where 's my car ? '' 
 i look at him like he 's crazy , `` not here . 
 i took my ride . 
 and i 'm leaving . '' 
 i wait half a beat and when he says nothing , i say , `` have a nice life , cole '' and walk away . 
 cole reaches out and grabs my arm . 
 a shiver shoots through my body from his touch . 
 i jerk my arm away . 
 he holds his hands up , like he does n't want to fight , `` sorry . 
 i did n't mean to ... '' he closes his eyes . 
 when he opens them again , he says , `` anna , i did n't do anything . 
 i was headed out here for a meeting and got id ` ed . 
 apparently some tranny slugged a cop today . 
 i - '' he swears and shakes his head `` i ca n't believe you 're making me say this . 
 i got picked up because i look like him . 
 they took me in because i matched his description . 
 then , i called you . 
 nothing happened . 
 i swear . '' 
 i stare at him as he speaks . 
 my lips part and my jaw drops . 
 `` you were arrested for looking like someone else ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` someone who assaulted a cop ? '' 
 he nods again . 
 `` a transvestite ? '' 
 my voice squeaks the question as my lips quiver into a smile . 
 `` yes , '' his hisses , obviously still mad . 
 `` now you see why i did n't want to tell you , and why i do n't want anyone else to know . 
 it 's the kind of mistake that smears people and it does n't matter if it 's not true . '' 
 the strain flows out of his voice and i feel his hand on my shoulder . 
 i 'm shaking from trying not to laugh . 
 `` miss lamore ? '' 
 i do n't trust myself to answer ; i nod , `` hmmm ? '' 
 both his hands rest on my shoulders and i avoid his gaze . 
 the giggles lick my stomach and toes , causing convulsions to rake through me as i try to hold myself still . 
 cole lifts my chin to meet his eyes . 
 when a smile forms on his lips , i 'm doomed . 
 before i know what 's happening , we 're both laughing . 
 i double over , clutching my stomach , barely able to stand . 
 cole is leaning on me , laughing just as hard . 
 wiping a tear from the corner of my eye , i straighten and look at him . 
 `` your secret 's safe with me . '' 
 `` there is no secret , miss lamore . 
 i do n't wear women 's clothes . 
 i do n't punch police officers . '' 
 he 's still smiling , his voice lighter . 
 he shakes his head at me , like he ca n't believe he 's laughing . 
 he must have sat inside stewing for hours . 
 `` so where 's this car of yours ? '' 
 looking him in the eye , i grin , `` i never said it was a car . 
 come on , old dude . 
 i 'll take you home . '' 
 he follows me through the parking lot . 
 when we stop before the bike , he tenses . 
 i shove the golf ball helmet into his hands and tell him to put it on . 
 `` you 're kidding ? '' 
 he asks , his voice too high . 
 `` you drove here on that ? '' 
 i nod , fastening my chin strap . 
 swinging my leg over the seat , i say , `` yup , i rode here on this . 
 and this is your ride home . 
 get on . '' 
 i start the bike , but cole just stands there . 
 i glance back at him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` they just accused me of being ... '' he sputters , blinking hard like he 's in a nightmare , `` i ca n't ride two-up on the back of a pink bike with a girl helmet . '' 
 grinning , i pat the seat , `` come on , cole . 
 suck it up . 
 be my bitch for a few miles and we can call you a cab . 
 there 's a diner a few miles away . 
 we can stop there , i can eat-you can grab a cab from there , that way no one knows where you were . '' 
 his lips are in a soft smile , like he 's in shock , and i wonder if he is . 
 finally he slams the helmet on , fastens it , and gets on the bike behind me . 
 `` you 've done this before ? 
 driven with two people on this thing ? '' 
 `` yeah , just keep your feet up and do n't grab my boobs if you freak out . '' 
 he laughs . 
 i feel his hands slide around my waist . 
 his weight shifts behind me when he puts his feet on the back pegs . 
 `` hold on tight , '' i say , and we 're off . 
 chapter 17 the diner was one of those circa 1950 deals , complete with shiny facade . 
 cole and i walk inside . 
 before we even have a chance to sit down , a guy walks in behind us with a girl on his arm . 
 her hair is teased out to mars , and her implants bounce around under a tiny tank top . 
 she 's snapping her gum and i instantly hate her . 
 a middle-aged waitress sees us and holds up her pointer finger-the universal signal that she 'll be right back . 
 i glance through the place . 
 there are about five tables filled , all in the same section . 
 great . 
 that means she 's waiting tables alone , so gum-smacker would end up right next to us . 
 i try not to roll my eyes . 
 i do n't really notice the guy she came in with until he speaks . 
 he has that fake brooklyn accent that italian guys think is so macho . 
 he 's wearing a bowling shirt with a once-white undershirt peeking out . 
 his hair looks like a skunk crawled onto his cranium and died . 
 there 's a peppering of dark hair all over his body . 
 he looks like a sasquatch with gold medals hanging around its neck . 
 when he walked in , he had his hand in the girl 's back pocket . 
 they were laughing like something was hysterical . 
 it does n't happen until the waitress walks away . 
 the tension did n't balloon into anything until the ape-man tapped cole 's shoulder , `` hey buddy , you lose your balls or what ? 
 who the f ** k lets the dame drive ? '' 
 he snort-laughs like he 's hysterical . 
 as he 's speaking , i turn and glance over my shoulder at him . 
 my mouth starts to open with some snappy retort , but cole 's already acting . 
 his fist flies into the man 's face and connects with his nose in a loud crack . 
 the hairy guy grips his face and blood streaks between his fingers . 
 before he can say a word , cole is tugging my hand and pulling me out the door . 
 i 'm stumbling through the parking lot toward the bike . 
 ape-man 's girlfriend follows us out , but she does n't approach . 
 instead she stays by the door screaming profanities at us , saying she 's calling the cops . 
 `` cole , what the hell was that ? '' 
 i finally manage , looking back over my shoulder . 
 he sucker punched a guy in the face . 
 every muscle in cole 's body is tense . 
 his fingers release my wrist when we get to the bike . 
 he thrusts my helmet at me , an obvious sign that he wants to leave . 
 `` are you insane ? '' 
 i scold . 
 `` you just made bail and now you punched some schmuck in the face ? '' 
 i 'm yelling and shaking as i start the bike . 
 cole says nothing . 
 we pull away and i do n't know where to go . 
 if they called the police , cole 's screwed . 
 he does n't tell me where to go or where to drop him off . 
 he just sits on the back of the bike with his hands around my waist , rigid and fuming . 
 since we are already out on long island , i decide to head toward my parent 's house . 
 they are n't too far away , and with the way cole 's fingers are digging into my sides , we ca n't get there fast enough . 
 his reaction seems unwarranted , but he had his masculinity questioned too many times today . 
 apparently he was at his limit . 
 cole does n't complain , but i can tell the bike is n't his thing . 
 instead of wrapping his arms around my waist , he 's been trying to keep a respectable distance between us , which makes it harder for me to keep a respectable distance from the asphalt . 
 cole did n't do corners when we started , but after the diner , he holds me tighter and leans farther as the bike winds down the ramps and turns corners . 
 it makes it a hell of a lot easier to drive . 
 i ca n't really blame him for not adapting to the motorcycle at first . 
 trust fund babies do n't ride harleys , not unless they are taunting some distant relative into disowning them . 
 me on the other hand , i was on my own and could do whatever i damn-well pleased . 
 the bike slows to a crawl and i stop a few houses down from my parents . 
 cole 's grip on my waist loosens . 
 lifting my visor , i speak to cole over my shoulder , `` my parent 's house is right here . '' 
 he looks surprised , so i explain , `` a guy and girl on a bike with a pink splotch is kind of easy to pick out . 
 if that guy at the diner called the cops - '' he cut me off , `` i know . 
 i 'm out on bail , even though i did n't punch the cop earlier . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` i know and it looks like you 're punching your way to the jersey shore . '' 
 my lips pull into a smile . 
 cole 's grimace does n't crack . 
 i get serious , `` hey , stay here for the night . 
 it 'll give you a few hours until your lawyer is back , and then you wo n't have to worry about being thrown in jail . 
 from what i 've heard , if you get tossed in after six , you stay there for the night . '' 
 i cringe , and look at my parent 's house muttering , `` although i 'm not really sure if this 'll be much better . '' 
 cool blue eyes examine my face . 
 they move from my left eye to my right , then down . 
 it is such a sweet expression . 
 i can tell that he does n't understand why i 'm being so nice to him . 
 looking at his hands , he asks , `` why are you helping me ? 
 i mean , i know you 're altruistic , but i kind of deserve whatever i get after today . '' 
 glancing at the side of his face i notice a dusting of stubble lining his jaw , and the tension lines between his eyes . 
 `` yeah , well ... '' i debate telling him how much he 's grown on me , how much i like him . 
 `` let 's just say that i wanted to punch the girl in the face , but i did n't have the guts to do it . 
 we 're a little more alike than i would have thought . '' 
 `` well spoken , '' the corner of his lips twitches like he wants to smile . 
 i grin , `` well , one of us has to be . 
 we ca n't all turn into thugs and just smash people . '' 
 `` assholes , '' he corrects . 
 his hands rest on my thighs just below my hips . 
 the weight of his palm feels good . 
 the crinkles at the corners of his eyes make me smile . 
 i laugh , `` fine , a ** holes . 
 but i got ta tell you , my dad will probably mess with you , call you a girl , tell you that your way too old to be his daughter 's boyfriend-and if you punch him-he will shoot you in the face . 
 he 's crazy like that . '' 
 i pull my visor down and drive down the street with cole sputtering , `` boyfriend ? '' 
 chapter 18 we 're standing on the front porch . 
 i 've rung the bell and we 're waiting . 
 i can hear my mom upstairs in the kitchen . 
 they live in a spilt-ranch , so the house is broken up into several levels . 
 the clatter of kitchen noises carries out onto the porch . 
 the screen door is open to cool the house . 
 the sun has set and the street lights just came on . 
 it 's a balmy night . 
 i pull my hair into a ponytail to keep it from frizzing , while we wait . 
 cole follows me and stands there watching me before saying , `` boyfriend ? '' 
 i nod with a plastic smile on my face , my eyes looking straight ahead , knowing exactly what we are in for . 
 `` yup . 
 wait and see . 
 it does n't matter what you say . 
 i could tell them that you 're a gynecologist making house calls and they 'll still say that 's nice . '' 
 i glance over at him , `` they 're insane . '' 
 an older woman emerges on the landing . 
 we can see her through the door . 
 she 's wearing a swimsuit cover-up . 
 her dark hair is frizzed at the temples . 
 when she looks up , she walks toward the door with her arms extended , like she 's planning on hugging me through the screen , `` anna , honey ! '' 
 she 's beaming , all five feet of her . 
 turning , she calls up the stairs , `` anna 's here ! 
 set another plate ! '' 
 i pull open the screen , and say , `` hey ma , '' when she leans into hug me , her eyes shift to cole who is standing behind me in the shadows . 
 she stops , mid-hug . 
 `` and who 's this ? 
 you seeing someone without telling us ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 i do n't know why i bother to talk , `` no , ma . 
 this is cole . 
 we are n't dating . '' 
 i give her a hug and step inside . 
 cole follows behind me , his expression a little concerned . 
 ma steps toward cole . 
 he extends his hand , buy she swats it . 
 i hear the slap . 
 his eyes grow wider when she takes him in her arms for a hug , `` pish ! 
 you 're practically family ! '' 
 she 's laughing and calls up the stairs , `` better make that two plates ! 
 anna brought her boyfriend ! '' 
 suddenly my dad is standing on the landing . 
 he 's a stout guy with a beer belly and orange shorts that are a size too small . 
 the neon color does n't do anything for him either . 
 there 's a sausage impaled on his fork , `` anna 's boyfriend ? 
 how 'd you know she had a boyfriend ? '' 
 dad looks at me , shaking his head , smiling , `` you never tell me nothing . 
 anna , why you holding things back from your old man ? '' 
 he waves his hands as he 's speaking , shaking the fork . 
 the impaled meat bobs on his utensil until the sausage flies off , and slaps me in the face . 
 it stings before it falls . 
 cole reaches out and catches the meat before it hits the floor . 
 cole leans in close to my ear so they ca n't hear , obviously terrified , `` oh my god - '' i do n't bother muffling my voice , `` yeah , this is nothing . 
 wait for dinner . '' 
 i wipe the grease stain off my cheek , and follow my dad into the kitchen . 
 cole trails behind me trying to tell my mom the truth-that he 's my boss-but she wo n't hear it . 
 my dad just smiles and nods like a deranged hood ornament . 
 it 's like they hit fifty years old , and their brains entered i-need-a-grand-baby-now mode . 
 it never turns off . 
 needless to say , they are perfect for scaring the crap out of guys i want to ditch . 
 since i was hoping things would have worked out with edward , i did n't mention him , yet . 
 as for cole , it was the perfect alibi , assuming he did n't run from the house screaming after dinner . 
 chapter 19 ma hands cole a plate and dumps a mound of anti-pasta on it . 
 tonight must be meat night . 
 dad stabs another sausage and puts it on his plate before over-loading mine . 
 he pinches my cheek and says , `` you 're too skinny , '' while i stare directly at cole , who 's sitting across from me . 
 he 's trying hard not to laugh . 
 cole lifts his glass to take a sip when my mom says , `` it 's not good for a pregnant woman to be so skinny . 
 you remember that cole . 
 fatten her up before you knock her up . '' 
 she raises her glass to my dad and they clink them together , laughing . 
 they think they 're hysterical . 
 cole chokes on his drink . 
 before he can recover , they 've started talking about conception superstitions . 
 i 'm staring straight ahead with a blank look on my face , counting . 
 if i leave the table before seventeen minutes , they 'll pester us for the rest of the night . 
 but i do n't know if we can do it . 
 about ten minutes have passed , and cole looks like he 's going to die . 
 i lean back in my chair , and shove another piece of pork in my mouth . 
 ma 's saying , `` it 's a spoon under the bed , not a shoe ! '' 
 she 's yelling at my father who smiles sheepishly . 
 `` a shoe seemed right , '' dad mutters . 
 cole 's eyes meet mine . 
 i ca n't tell if he 's trying not to laugh or cry . 
 the fact that my mom was a debutant makes this even more amusing , but he does n't know that . 
 two minutes left . 
 just two . 
 we can do this . 
 i count backwards from 120 . 
 my counting increases in speed as the conversation enters ground zero . 
 my mom ignores dad , saying , `` if you put a spoon under the bed while you have sex , you 'll make a boy . '' 
 she 's pointing her fork at cole while talking . 
 she stops for a second and taps the empty utensil to her upper lip , `` what 's it for a girl ? 
 frankie , do you remember ? '' 
 dad grins , `` a red ribbon . 
 that 's what your mother put under her mattress when we made you . '' 
 ma slaps her hands together and points at dad , `` that 's right ! '' 
 they share a look that makes me sick . 
 then she gazes at me , saying , `` and it worked , anna ! '' 
 she turns to cole , and is talking to him like he 's across the room . 
 she 's so loud , `` we wanted a baby girl , and see-the red ribbon brought anna . '' 
 she 's still talking , saying things that make me cringe . 
 i pick at dinner and notice that cole hardly eats . 
 i make a mental note to sneak into the kitchen after they 've gone to bed . 
 i also note to never wear a red ribbon ever again . 
 i tune back in when my mom is starting to talk positions , `` missionary is god 's preference for boys , but girls , cole you have to - '' three . 
 two . 
 one . 
 i jump up . 
 cole mirrors me and finds his feet . 
 i say , `` thanks for dinner . 
 since we 're living in sin and trying to fornicate a set of twin grandbabies for you , do you mind if we share the den tonight ? '' 
 ma and dad are speechless . 
 they say nothing as i take cole 's hand and pull him out the backdoor . 
 we sit in the yard talking until my parents go up to bed . 
 they watch us out the window like we 're celebrities while they do the dishes . 
 periodically they wave through the window . 
 my parents are a little crazy , and i understand why . 
 i just ca n't tell anyone about it . 
 they 're alone . 
 i 'm their only child . 
 it was hard when my mom was disowned . 
 every single relative cut her off , and all because her evil mother did n't like my dad . 
 frankie the dock dude was n't classy enough for her daughter . 
 grandmother forbade the relationship . 
 my mother responded by eloping . 
 grandmother disowned them , and threw her daughter out like she was trash . 
 they 've never spoken again . 
 my parents had been dirt poor . 
 there were times when we had no food , no medicine . 
 i still remember in vivid detail how hard they tried to give me things that the other girls had , but i usually went without . 
 i learned from them that life is n't about the stuff-it 's about the relationships-and some relationships are worth fighting for . 
 i want that . 
 i want to be so insanely in love with someone that i 'd walk away from everything i knew , just to be with him . 
 chapter 20 i feel restless , like i wo n't ever be satisfied . 
 cole 's hands are warm . 
 his smooth skin slides over my bare waist as he kisses me harder . 
 my lips burn , they throb as i pull him closer to me . 
 his thick hair is tangled in my fingers , his strong arms around my waist , pulling us closer-tighter together . 
 heat fills me . 
 a burning desire to feel him inside consumes every thought i have . 
 there is nothing but him and me . 
 my nails claw his back as his kisses leave a hot trail down my neck . 
 our clothes are gone . 
 it 's just his slick body against mine , but he wo n't take me . 
 he wo n't push inside of me . 
 i cry out , saying his name , begging him to take me . 
 the third time i plead , he answers me . 
 without a word , he flips me over . 
 i land on the sheets , and look up at him . 
 my legs are splayed before him , completely exposed . 
 cole does n't hesitate . 
 his hard body meets mine and he pushes into me , rapidly , over and over again . 
 i ca n't stop calling his name . 
 i want him , i want him to fill me with come . 
 i want things i should n't want . 
 i feel things i should n't feel . 
 there is no hesitation , no holding back . 
 we move together like we were made for each other . 
 `` cole , '' i say softly . 
 a hand shakes my shoulder . 
 the dream shatters , and fades , but the emotions are still flooding my body . 
 the spot between my legs is pulsating like he was really there , even though he was n't . 
 slowly , i realize i was dreaming and open my eyes . 
 horrified , i 'm looking up into cole 's face , `` anna , you okay ? '' 
 his eyes are concerned , searching my face for answers that i ca n't say . 
 pushing up , i shake the sleep from my eyes , `` i 'm fine . '' 
 my voice catches in my throat . 
 cole nods and sits on the coffee table across from the couch . 
 he 's still watching me . 
 i feel his sapphire eyes on the side of my face , though i do n't look at him . 
 after that dream , i do n't think i can ever look at him again . 
 heat sears my cheeks and i wish i could hide , but there is nowhere to go . 
 i know my mind was only replaying the lies i told my parents , but it felt real and that 's what scares me . 
