 chapter 1 i blink at sean as my stomach crashes into my shoes . 
 the way he looks at me makes the hairs on the back of my neck prickle . 
 goose bumps line my arms . 
 it feels like i stepped into a freezer . 
 i manage to choke out , `` that 's not true . 
 how could it ... '' sean 's dark gaze locks with mine for a moment . 
 every thought in my head says run . 
 on some level i knew there was something wrong with him , that sean had this darkness hanging over him . 
 i thought it was grief . 
 the way that he acts screams unresolved grief over his wife 's death , over losing his only child . 
 but this , this revelation , chokes me into silence . 
 my feet are glued to the spot . 
 sean watches me for a second . 
 it 's almost like he hopes that i 'll run and never look back , but i do n't move . 
 i wo n't . 
 for a moment , there 's no air . 
 i 'm falling through space , lost in his eyes . 
 sean ca n't be a killer . 
 i think it over and over again , but the twisting inside my stomach wo n't stop . 
 his words are true . 
 i can feel the weight of his confession and it scares me . 
 i 've been fighting too hard to stay alive and this man says he snuffed out two lives before they got going . 
 i do n't look away . 
 it is n't that i do n't believe him , it 's that i see something else there . 
 the darkness is tied to death , but this was n't a grisly murder . 
 i feel it in my bones , as though the premonition is part of me . 
 sean finally looks away and turns . 
 `` you 're not running away . '' 
 `` yeah , i 'm a little crazy like that . '' 
 i try to steady myself , but i ca n't . 
 my pulse is pounding in my ears and my body is tense , ready to run . 
 i try to sound calm . 
 `` do you want to tell me what happened ? '' 
 sean glances over his shoulder at me , on his way to the bar on the other side of the hotel room . 
 he stops . 
 the way his eyes crinkle in the corners gives him away . 
 it 's a brief squint , like pain crawling up from deep within and trying to consume him . 
 sean swallows it back down . 
 `` are you sure you want to know ? '' 
 his voice is steady , cold , and utterly detached . 
 it feels like the icy hands of a ghost that 's walked up behind me are touching my shoulders . 
 i suck in air and step toward him . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 sean did n't expect that answer . 
 i can see it in his eyes . 
 he turns away from me and heads toward the bar . 
 after pouring a drink , he reaches for his laptop . 
 the screen flickers to life . 
 he taps the keys and clicks before turning it toward me . 
 `` read . '' 
 i glance down at the headline from one of the country 's largest newspapers-sean ferro accused of murdering wife and unborn child . 
 i reach for the computer and scan the article , but i do n't see what i 'm looking for . 
 it 's more of what gabe told me about sean appearing cold and detached , about how he did n't look grief-stricken . 
 the article ends with a link to a follow up story . 
 i click through the articles one by one , watching pictures of sean age like years are passing rather than months . 
 i feel his gaze on the side of my face , but i do n't look up . 
 i lean against the bar and set the computer down . 
 i click through to another article . 
 i stare at his picture , at the words and accusations , and swallow hard . 
 i click the final link to the last story . 
 ferro aquitted . 
 my heart is racing , slamming into my chest . 
 i feel sick . 
 i try to clear away all the emotions and think . 
 i do n't understand how they did n't find him guilty . 
 the paper made it sound like it was an open and shut case . 
 sean ferro brutally killed his wife in a jealous rage . 
 he left her on their bed , bleeding to death , and went to work . 
 when he returned home that night , he called the police . 
 all the papers said the 911 call was a hoax and that his wife had died hours before he returned home that night . 
 there were no other suspects . 
 when i finish reading , i glance up at him . 
 sean 's gaze meets mine and fear twists inside of me . 
 have i misjudged him so badly that i ca n't tell a messed up guy from a sociopath ? 
 did he really do this ? 
 sean does n't show emotion , but that does n't mean anything . 
 neither do i-well , not in front of people i do n't trust . 
 i had that stone-cold look on my face when they lowered my parents into the ground . 
 i remember people saying that it was n't right for me not to cry , but i did n't . 
 not then . 
 they did n't see my tears or hear my sobs . 
 sean 's the same way . 
 i know he is , so lack of emotion does n't mean what the papers say it means . 
 `` this is n't true . '' 
 i push down the laptop screen and keep my gaze locked with sean 's . 
 it 's a statement , a fact . 
 there 's information missing from the papers , of course . 
 but there are also things that sean never shared about this . 
 i see the secrets burning in his eyes . 
 his eyebrow twitches . 
 sean shakes his head and looks down . 
 dark hair falls into his eyes . 
 `` you 're naive , avery . '' 
 `` you 're hiding something , sean . 
 you 'd rather let people think you killed your wife than tell the truth ? '' 
 sean stares at me . 
 my words seem to grip him in a way that makes him anxious . 
 i 'm too close , and he ca n't bear it . 
 `` the truth is there in black and white . 
 i killed her . 
 i 'm a jealous man . 
 everyone knows that . 
 i know you 've heard i have a tempter , that i can be more than persuasive when things do n't go my way . '' 
 he steps toward me , brushing his chest into mine . 
 i swallow hard , but do n't back away . 
 `` when are you going to get it through your head that i 'm not the guy you think i am ? '' 
 `` you 're exactly who i think you are . 
 you 're cowering behind this ... '' i 'm yelling , waiving my hands around as i speak . 
 `` this manifestation of lies . '' 
 he laughs . 
 the dark , rich , sound sends a chill down my spine . 
 `` yeah , keep telling yourself that . '' 
 `` tell me the truth . '' 
 `` the truth was printed . '' 
 `` this is only part of the story . 
 omissions are lies . '' 
 sean 's eyebrows lift . 
 `` you 're going to pull philosophical crap on me now ? 
 unbelievable . 
 accept me for what i am and stop looking for things that are n't there . '' 
 sean shakes his head like he 's annoyed and slams his glass down on the counter . 
 when he breathes , his back expands . 
 his shoulders are so tense . 
 sean 's fingers are turning white as he grips the granite countertop . 
 he rounds on me with his lips pressed tightly together . 
 `` i 'm not your savior , avery . 
 there 's no knight , no horse , no happy ending-not with me . 
 that shit is n't real . '' 
 `` i never said i wanted the white knight . '' 
 `` it 's written all over your face . '' 
 damn it . 
 the thought is nice . 
 i mean , who has n't dreamed about being rescued when their life turns to shit . 
 it 's the epitome of every fairytale out there-the desire to be saved-but i learned the truth a long time ago . 
 i bristle . 
 my fingers ball at my sides . 
 this subject is beyond striking a nerve with me , because i live it , i live the life where no one comes and the her ** ne is left utterly alone . 
 `` fine , '' i bite back , admitting it , `` but you only got half of it right . 
 i believe in white knights , but the only knight in this story is me . 
 no one saved me . 
 i 've fallen so far that i ca n't even see the way out anymore . 
 i 'm at the bottom of hell and i found you . 
 `` you 're lost , broken , and completely f ** ked up . 
 you 're not like me , but you want to be . 
 the difference between us is that i still have hope and you lost yours a long time ago . '' 
 i swallow hard , wondering how crazy i am for saying this . 
 `` i 'm not leaving no matter what you tell me happened to amanda . 
 at the very least , i 'm your friend . 
 i 'm not the one who 's going to walk away here . '' 
 his blue eyes are so narrow , but for a split second , they widen . 
 sean blinks and the look of shock is gone . 
 he steps closer to me , closing the space between us . 
 `` do you have a death wish ? '' 
 sean 's irritating me more than anything else . 
 his response , the absolute refusal to talk about what happened to his wife tells me so much , but i still do n't know what happened . 
 i make an aggravated sound in the back of my throat and say , `` stop asking stupid questions . 
 spill your guts or let 's get on with things . '' 
 stupid , stupid , stupid . 
 where did that come from ? 
 did i seriously say that ? 
 sean does n't conceal his surprise this time . 
 wide-eyed , he steps back and looks me over once . 
 `` are you serious ? 
 you still trust me ? 
 what the hell is wrong with you ? '' 
 `` me ? 
 what 's wrong with me ? 
 are you seriously asking that question , you messed up bastard ? '' 
 i slam my palms into his chest and shove , but he barely moves . 
 `` you 're such a goddamn hypocrite , and you ca n't even tell . '' 
 sean grabs my wrists and holds on tight . 
 his breath washes over my face when he exhales . 
 `` enlighten me , miss smith . '' 
 i glare at him for a moment and then spit it out . 
 `` you 're telling me to run away , that there 's nothing worth saving-that you have nothing left to give-but then you have the nerve to go and say you care about me . 
 `` i ca n't come back from where i 've gone . 
 people do n't recover from things like this . 
 i know that . 
 you know that , so do n't patronize me with your fake empathy , because that 's what it is if you feel nothing , if you 're as hollow as i am , if - '' before i can take another breath , sean 's mouth comes crashing down on mine , cutting off my flow of words . 
 sean pulls me against his chest and tangles his fingers in my hair , pulling hard . 
 the kiss is demanding and all consuming . 
 he does n't want me to talk . 
 i 'm saying things that he does n't want to hear . 
 i 'm gasping between his lips , kissing him back , wondering how far i 'm willing to go . 
 there 's no coming back from this side of hell . 
 i know his agony ; he knows mine . 
 i know there 's more to his wife 's death than sean 's telling me , that he 's hiding something bigger and using the murder accusations to mask it . 
 i feel it in my gut . 
 there were pictures of amanda ferro in there , smiling next to a serious sean . 
 in one picture , his arm was around her with one hand protectively on her stomach as she stepped off a curb . 
 sean cared about her and the baby . 
 he wanted them . 
 i know he ca n't live with his loss . 
 i see it on his face and hear it in his voice every time he speaks . 
 fathomless pain courses through his veins to the point that he 's gone numb . 
 i understand . 
 i wanted to be where he is and feel nothing anymore , but this-the fact that hookers can do things that bring sean back-means something . 
 sean does n't want to stay in the depths of that torment anymore , but like me , he ca n't find the way out . 
 too much time has passed . 
 too many scars are still raw and refuse to heal . 
 it brings out the desperation , the maddening need to cling to life even when there 's nothing to hold on to anymore . 
 there 's a darker version of sean that i 've never seen . 
 if i allow things to continue , if i stay here with him , i 'll stand face to face and see the horror replay before his eyes , like he 's lost in a nightmare that never ends . 
 i want to free him from that so badly , but no one can save sean , not when he 's like this . 
 not even me . 
 sean 's kisses become more demanding . 
 he pushes me back against the bar and lifts me onto the counter . 
 his hands are forceful when they slide over my thighs , pushing my dress up to my hips . 
 he steps between my legs and dips his head to my lips again . 
 i tangle my fingers in his hair . 
 heat spreads across my skin , trailing in a wake behind sean 's hands as they move over my body . 
 he palms the curve of my ass , holding me tightly in his hand as his kisses grow hotter and hotter . 
 his tongue is over my lips and in my mouth as his lips crush into mine . 
 ragged breaths escape from him like he ca n't slow down , even if he wanted to . 
 i reach for sean 's shirt and unbutton the top enough to slide my hands inside . 
 when i move to touch his shoulders and dip my hands down his chest , sean jerks back . 
 he grabs my wrists and slams them into the wall . 
 i gasp , half turned on , half frightened . 
 sapphire eyes , dark as night , bore into me . 
 sean does n't blink . 
 it 's like he forgot himself for a moment . 
 the tension in his jaw fades after a second , and he leans in and presses his lips to my throat while pinning me to the wall . 
 i let him . 
 i let him hold me there even though every ounce of my being wants to fight to break free . 
 i hate feeling trapped and the way he holds me and presses against my neck makes me feel like i ca n't move . 
 normally , i would fight back , but i do n't . 
 i tilt my head back and close my eyes , allowing the fear and lust to course through me in unrelenting waves . 
 i suck in a jagged breath and sean pushes against me harder . 
 i wonder if he 's doing it on purpose , if this is part of what he wanted . 
 i want sean , all of him , on any terms that i can get him . 
 the hot kisses stop and i notice how incredibly intoxicated i feel . 
 my eyes flicker open and i look at sean . 
 he 's still leaning into me , still holding my wrists to the wall . 
 his voice is raspy , all air and heat . 
 `` when it 's your turn , you wo n't hold back ? '' 
 chapter 2 his question surprises me . 
 i can hear the strain in sean 's voice , like the idea of being with me on my terms scares the hell out of him . 
 i nod , looking into his eyes . 
 `` i 'm taking what i want from you . 
 i expect you to do the same . 
 no holding back . '' 
 sean is frozen . 
 for a moment he does n't move . 
 i wonder what he wants to do , how far he wants things to go . 
 anxiety flashes across his face and is gone . 
 sean nods once and releases my hands . 
 they fall to my sides , aching . 
 the place he held me burns and my underarms ache . 
 sean scoops me off the counter and carries me to the bed . 
 fear starts trickling through me . 
 at first it 's small and manageable . 
 i swallow it back down and it turns into nervous excitement . 
 sean places me on the bed . 
 i 'm on my back , looking up at his beautiful face . 
 i 'm scared . 
 i do n't know if i can do this , but i want to . 
 there 's a wall between us and i want it to come crashing down . 
 no , it 's more than that . 
 i want to be everything sean needs . 
 `` are you sure you want to do this ? '' 
 sean asks . 
 my throat is so tight that i can barely swallow . 
 i nod . 
 sean looks away and runs his hands through his hair . 
 he sighs , like he hoped i 'd say no . 
 sean stands there , staring at me , lost in thought . 
 i push up on my elbows . 
 `` do you need this ? '' 
 his eyes are locked with mine . 
 sean nods . 
 the expression on his face is timid and so unlike him , but there 's something in the depths of his eyes that says he needs this like he needs air . 
 without it , he 'll lose what 's left of himself . 
 i watch sean for a moment . 
 i want to be the one he needs , the one he trusts with everything . 
 i could back away and he 'd let me . 
 i could let him continue doing these acts with nameless faces , but i ca n't do that to him . 
 he needs me and i need him just as much . 
 my decision solidifies . 
 `` then , i want to be the one to give it to you . 
 will it work , since you know me ? '' 
 i wondered about that part . 
 it tripped sean up when he first ordered me . 
 he said it would n't be the same . 
 `` i think i figured something out . 
 but , there 's no way out , avery . 
 once we start - '' i cut him off . 
 `` i 'm not leaving . '' 
 sean breaks my gaze and nods . 
 his throat is tight . 
 he swallows hard . 
 `` roll over . '' 
 i do as he says . 
 sean grabs my ankles and pulls me back over the edge of the bed so my legs are on the floor . 
 he spreads my ankles and ties each one to the bedpost . 
 i try not to think about it , but panic is building inside of me . 
 the other strap is worse . 
 sean leans hard on my back , knocking the air out of my lungs as he ties my wrists . 
 within seconds i 'm bound to the bed , facedown , and ca n't move . 
 my heart beats faster . 
 i ca n't control it , but i try . 
 i take a slow breath in and let it out . 
 sean sets a video camera on the dresser . 
 it turns on and the red light blinks , telling me it 's recording . 
 i do n't like it . 
 that freaks me out as much as being tied down . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` you 're going to watch it later . '' 
 i laugh , like that 's most ridiculous thing i 've ever heard . 
 `` no , i 'm not . '' 
 `` you will . 
 you 'll beg me to see it . '' 
 sean 's gaze is so dark , so intense . 
 fear is crushing into me . 
 my voice quivers . 
 `` no , i wo n't . '' 
 he smiles and sits next to my head . 
 `` last chance , smitty . '' 
 `` i 'm not leaving , jones . '' 
 sean touches my cheek gently . 
 `` all right . 
 i 'll see you when this is over . '' 
 he pulls a blindfold from his pocket . 
 my heart explodes in my chest when he ties it over my eyes and the world goes black . 
 it makes the claustrophobia worse . 
 sean knew it would . 
 i hear his voice , but it sounds far away . 
 my pulse pounds harder . 
 sean is gentle this time . 
 i wonder how long it 'll stay this way . 
 his voice is closer when it finally registers . 
 `` open your mouth . '' 
 i do as he asks , not sure what to expect . 
 nerves flutter through my stomach , making me queasy . 
 my mind is screaming at me , telling me that i 'm going to die . 
 i try to ignore my bonds , but it feels like they 're searing into my skin . 
 there 's no way to forget that i 'm tied down , even if i attempt to ignore it . 
 i breathe through my mouth when i feel the gag slip between my lips . 
 he tugs it hard and the smooth fabric gets forced to the back of my mouth . 
 sean ties it tightly . 
 the amount of fabric in my mouth makes it feel like there 's no air , like i ca n't breathe . 
 panic surges through me , stronger this time . 
 mentally , i know i can breathe , but i feel like i ca n't . 
 my wrists twitch , making the straps pull tighter . 
 i ca n't slow my heartbeat . 
 i ca n't picture a meadow and mentally escape to somewhere else . 
 sean took every fear i have and rolled them together . 
 i ca n't calm down . 
 anxiety races through me in an avalanche . 
 i try to thrash and pull away , but the only thing i can move is my head . 
 sean 's voice comes from behind me . 
 he says something that i ca n't make out when i feel my skirt lift . 
 his hands cup my ass and he feels my smooth skin before pressing his h * ps against my butt . 
 `` calm down or you 'll hyperventilate . 
 you can breathe , avery . 
 slow down . 
 focus on my touch , on my hands . '' 
 fear is strangling me . 
 i try to stop , i try to do what sean says . 
 the roaring in my ears makes it so much worse . 
 i hate being confined . 
 you 're trapped . 
 you 're trapped . 
 you 're trapped . 
 the words have been on repeat since he tied me down . 
 i did n't even realize what i was thinking until i tried to focus on his touch . 
 the words ring hollowly in my mind as i try to focus on sean 's hands . 
 one is on each side of my thigh , sliding slowly up the outside of my leg . 
 he must be kneeling next to me because i can feel his breath on my legs . 
 sean rubs his hands up and down , one finger at a time . 
 i gain control of my breathing again . 
 the panic recedes . 
 the only thing i can feel is the cold fear that 's frozen in my stomach and sean 's hot touch on my bottom . 
 something cold touches my hip and i wince . 
 sean drags its point over my hip , gently scraping my skin . 
 it 's sharp , but he does n't cut me . 
 the threat is there , the fact that i 'm at his mercy is n't lost on me . 
 i do n't trust anyone , but somehow i volunteered to be tied to sean 's bed and let him do this to me . 
 he loves me . 
 the metal bites into my skin slightly and is gone . 
 `` breathe , '' sean commands . 
 his hand is on my back , waiting for me to do it . 
 slowly , i inhale and let the air fill my lungs . 
 i let it out slowly and do it again . 
 `` good girl . '' 
 sean 's hand is gone . 
 i try to focus on breathing and forget about everything else , but it 's hard . 
 i want to rip my arms out of the restraints . 
 nervous energy lines my arms and legs . 
 it 's pouring into my stomach like a tidal wave . 
 i forget what will happen and pull my arms . 
 the tug tightens all four restraints . 
 i whimper into the gag and blink frantically behind the blindfold . 
 for a moment , i freak-out thinking that sean left me tied to the bed alone , but then i feel his hand on my hip . 
 he slides his palm over my bare skin and loops his thumbs around my panty . 
 i hear a metallic snip , then another , and the little scrap of fabric is gone . 
 i 'm so tense that i do n't know what i want . 
 i should have asked how long this would take . 
 i thought i could do it , but now i do n't know . 
 my pulse pounds harder , faster . 
 i can barely breathe . 
 my tongue is shoving the gag , trying to make more room in my mouth . 
 warm palms slowly inch up the v of my legs . 
 at first i can barely feel sean 's touch , but as he gets closer to the top of my thighs , i squirm . 
 my h * ps jerk to the side , but i do n't fall . 
 i 'm still in my heels , with my dress fanned around me , pulled up , exposing me . 
 i have no idea what 's going to happen next , but suddenly everything takes a turn . 
 sean 's hand lands hard on my bottom , stinging the skin . 
 the unexpected hit makes me yelp into the gag . 
 my hands ball into fists , but i ca n't move . 
 i 'm not used to being hit . 
 i do n't like it . 
 my instinct is to hit back , but i ca n't . 
 before i have time to think , sean 's elbow is on my back . 
 the air is forced out of my lungs at the same time his hand grips my p ** sy . 
 he finds me quickly and forces his fingers inside . 
 i 'm dry , not ready for him . 
 sean thrusts another finger inside , stretching me . 
 he pushes in and out fast , over and over again while i struggle to breathe . 
 it 's the worst thing he could have done . 
 it feels like i 'm on fire inside and out . 
 my mind is screaming to fight him off , but i ca n't move . 
 sean slips in another finger and pushes inside of me , thrusting deeper every time . 
 his elbow lightens and i suck in a sharp breath , but as soon as i do it , sean knocks the wind out of me again . 
 his fingers move faster between my legs , making my body respond . 
 damp heat covers his fingers making them slick . 
 he pushes into me up to his knuckles as i fight for air . 
 holding his hand there for a moment , he leans hard on my back . 
 i fight for breath and then suddenly , he pulls out and i can breathe . 
 for a moment , the only thing i can hear is my breath . 
 then the door opens . 
 horror washes over me . 
 someone 's here . 
 sean is speaking softly and i can make out another voice . 
 what is he doing ? 
 i hope the other man goes away , but he does n't . 
 sean says , `` this will only be a minute . '' 
 another voice says , `` that 's more than fair . '' 
 fear consumes me . 
 he 's going to share me and i ca n't move . 
 i ca n't do a damn thing . 
 i thrash my head on the bed , trying to get the blindfold off . 
 i scream into the gag and shake my head . 
 i know i said i 'd do anything , but i never dreamed he 'd do this . 
 before i can think , there 's a hand on my bottom and i hear a zipper open . 
 panic rises up within me . 
 it 's not sean . 
 sean is standing in front of me . 
 i hear his voice whispering in my ear to keep breathing . 
 but , i ca n't . 
 i ca n't . 
 i ca n't . 
 fear twists inside of me , turning to something else . 
 i want to kill him . 
 before i have time to think , i feel the man 's hard length on my backside . 
 he leans into me , pushing in deep . 
 he sighs and stays still for a moment before he starts rocking . 
 he pushes into me over and over again , each time thrusting deeper . 
 my hands clutch at the bed , and i grit my teeth , trying to bear it , when something presses hard on my back . 
 it 's heavy , like a suitcase . 
 it makes it harder for me to breathe . 
 the guy thrusts harder , more wildly . 
 his hands grip my ass . 
 he rides me until i 'm so sore that i ca n't stand . 
 my knees start to give out . 
 he pulls out after he comes and walks across the room . 
 i hear the sound of his shoes , his voice . 
 `` she 's tight , '' he says . 
 i hear sean agree , and he takes the thing off my back . 
 `` very . '' 
 they talk , but i 'm not listening . 
 i 'm planning on ripping sean 's face off as soon as he unties me . 
 a hand slaps my cheek and pulls me out of my thoughts . 
 `` breathe . '' 
 my jaw is aching . 
 i 'm biting the gag as hard as i can . 
 i must be holding my breath because my lungs feel like they 're on fire . 
 i pull at the restraints , ignoring sean 's warnings , pulling myself tighter and tighter . 
 my legs spread wider , and my face is getting smashed in the mattress , but i do n't stop yanking . 
 i ca n't . 
 i have to break free . 
 i have to . 
 i have to . 
 sean 's voice moves through the room until he 's behind me . 
 his fingers push inside and linger . 
 `` push into my hand . '' 
 i do n't move . 
 he withdraws his hand . 
 for a moment , nothing happens , then his hand spanks me hard . 
 `` do it . '' 
 sean pushes into me again and i push back . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 i ca n't move . 
 i ca n't do this . 
 my body is covered in sweat . 
 my wrists ache . 
 i 'm an incoherent ball of rage and fear . 
 and lust . 
 i do n't understand the last part . 
 i do n't understand why i 'm wet or why i want sean to touch me at all . 
 it makes no sense , but my body responds to him . 
 i ca n't help it . 
 i push back into his hands , feeling him inside of me and i want more . 
 sean touches me again , stroking me , making me moan . 
 i ca n't focus for long . 
 i feel the bonds biting at me . 
 my mind flashes to images of me trapped in a coffin , stuck beneath layers of dirt . 
 i ca n't move . 
 there 's no air . 
 i claw at the box , but i 'm trapped . 
 fear consumes me , swallowing me whole . 
 i thrash again , or try to , but there 's no slack left . 
 my nails claw at the bed . 
 i ca n't stand it . 
 sean 's voice is in my ear , but i do n't listen . 
 i scream into the gag , but i know this is n't over . 
 this is what he wanted-me completely out of control . 
 it 's what sean was waiting for . 
 as my mind snaps , sean rubs his dick across my butt . 
 he presses against the wrong spot and i 'm so scared that he 's going to try and f ** k my ass . 
 i wait for it . 
 he pushes against me harder this time , but at the last second he moves . 
 his h * ps slam into mine and i feel his erection sink into me . 
 sean 's fingers tangle in my hair . 
 he pulls hard , yanking my head back as he f ** ks me . 
 i feel like an animal . 
 there 's no love in sean 's actions , no man in the monster . 
 he rides me until he shudders and fills me with come . 
 my heart is racing , ready to burst . 
 i feel used , cheated , and completely crazy . 
 he broke me . 
 i ca n't think . 
 my mind wo n't process anything . 
 slowly , thoughts reemerge through the haze . 
 there was another man . 
 my mind swirls around that thought for a moment . 
 i feel sharper , like i 'm waking up . 
 the blind panic is clearing . 
 inviting another guy in was not part of the plan . 
 i do n't even know who he was . 
 i breathe in slowly , ticking off the minutes on my fingers , waiting for sean to untie me-but he does n't . 
 the bed next to me dips and i hear his voice in my ear . 
 `` lots of women fantasize about being with two men , but that thought scares you . 
 not seeing his face , not knowing his name . 
 it 's too much . '' 
 sean 's finger touches my cheek and i jump . 
 he withdraws his hand . 
 `` but you needed too much . 
 you keep your mind so carefully under control and i needed it . '' 
 the blindfold unties and i can see him . 
 sean is shirtless . 
 his pants hang low around his hips . 
 he 's lying on his side next to me , watching me . 
 he reaches for me , brushing the hair away from my eyes . 
 i 'm pulling on the restraints as hard as i can . 
 i want to scream at him but he does n't ungag me . 
 `` fear is like love . 
 it has the same depths , the same intensity . '' 
 he 's watching me , running his finger along my cheek . 
 he 's concerned that he pushed me too far too fast . 
 sean continues , `` so does pain . 
 you use pain the way i use fear-to forget . '' 
 sean looks at me for a moment and then pushes off the bed . 
 the ties on my ankles come free first and then my wrists . 
 before sean has time to look up , i fly at him , ripping the gag away as i go . 
 i slam into him hard , knocking sean backward . 
 he hits the floor . 
 before he has time to blink , i 'm on him . 
 my knee is over his throat , but i do n't press down . 
 i 'm so mad , so angry , that spots are blinking bright red and white , glittering like christmas lights . 
 `` what the f ** k gives you the right to invite someone else in here ! 
 i said i was giving myself to you ! 
 you ! '' 
 i want to hurt him , i want to , but i ca n't . 
 i wait too long . 
 sean sees the chance and takes it . 
 he reaches behind me and knocks me down . 
 sean rolls on top of me , pinning me to the floor with his entire body . 
 `` it 's what i wanted . '' 
 he 's so calm , so f ** king calm . 
 i scream and try to claw him , but sean grabs each hand and slams it to the floor . 
 he leans in close to me . 
 `` i want you so broken that you ca n't trust yourself . 
 i want you to give all of yourself to me . '' 
 `` you said you loved me ! 
 how could you share me ? '' 
 i 'm still fighting him , trying to break free . 
 `` how could you - '' his lips come crashing down on mine before i can get the question out . 
 sean kisses me , but i do n't kiss him back . 
 i suck his lip into my mouth and bite down . 
 sean pulls away , and a bead of blood drips off his lip and onto my face . 
 it rolls down my cheek . 
 sean wo n't let me up . 
 `` i do love you . 
 i love everything about you . 
 i ca n't believe you bit me . '' 
 he blinks at me several times , like i 'm the weird one . 
 i thrash under him and almost break free , but he lays on top of me , completely stilling me . 
 `` avery , there was no one else . '' 
 the roaring in my ears is so loud . 
 i do n't think i heard him right . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` this is where you ask to see the video . '' 
 sean watches me , waiting for rationality to return , but it does n't . 
 he explains , `` i wo n't share you . 
 i wo n't ever share you . 
 it was part of what i wanted-you , completely vulnerable to anything and everything i could possibly want-so i made you think there was another person here , but there was n't . '' 
 sean stops for a second and watches the information sink into my brain . 
 `` i did n't think you were a two guy kind of girl . '' 
 i shake my head , staring at him , wondering if it could possibly be true . 
 my eyes flick to the nightstand-to the video camera . 
 `` do you want to watch it ? '' 
 no . 
 but i have to . 
 the bastard . 
 he planned this . 
 the whole thing . 
 my jaw is hanging open . 
 i do n't understand him . 
 i do n't know why he 'd make me think that . 
 i 'm so mad . 
 i should have known , but there was no way to know-not this . 
 he 's so twisted . 
 i growl , `` that was a mind fuck . 
 that 's what you wanted-body , mind , and soul . 
 all of me . '' 
 `` yes , '' he nods , slowly admitting it . 
 `` i want all of you , in every way . 
 i want to own you . 
 i want you to plead with me , to crawl to me on your hands and knees and beg me to take you . 
 i want you to surrender to me , to my wants , and give me anything and everything . '' 
 `` you do n't want me to give you anything . 
 you want to take it . '' 
 `` perhaps . '' 
 i give him a look . 
 `` fine , you 're right . 
 it 's not the same if there 's no fight . 
 i want to break you down and make you mine . 
 doing this let me f ** k with you in every way possible , and god , i want that more than anything . '' 
 he leans down and presses a light kiss to my lips . 
 when he sits up , sean lets go of my wrists . 
 `` watch the video with me . 
 i want you to . '' 
 sean stands and offers his hand . 
 i take it and he pulls me to my feet . 
 his hands slip around my waist until he finds the zipper . 
 he pulls it down and my new dress falls to the floor . 
 i 'm standing in front of him wearing a little black bra . 
 he reaches around and undoes the clasp . 
 sean takes the bra off me and tosses it on the floor . 
 i 'm nak * d. his eyes sweep over me , before pulling me to the couch on the other side of the room . 
 sean pulls me onto his lap and plays the video . 
 his hands wander while we watch , and i ca n't hide how turned on i am . 
 what the hell is wrong with me ? 
 sean does n't say much . 
 he just watches me , taking in my reaction . 
 i watch his h * ps buck into mine on the tv as he f ** ks me . 
 i thought he was someone else , but there is n't anyone . 
 there 's a recorder by my head . 
 i did n't see it before . 
 sean must have moved placed it there after he blindfolded me . 
 my stomach twists . 
 i watch the video and squirm . 
 the fear is palpable . 
 i never thought i 'd do anything like this . 
 watching it after the fact just seems wrong , but i ca n't look away . 
 i blurt out , `` i wish i could see your face . '' 
 i wonder what his eyes look like as he does that to me . 
 i wonder how much of him is there when he 's like that . 
 his body is beautiful , covered in a sheen of sweat . 
 his muscles tense and release as he pushes into me . 
 i watch him thrust over and over again . 
 his head hangs back as he looks up at the ceiling when he comes . 
 the tension rolls out of his back and he relaxes before pulling out of me . 
 god that turned me on . 
 i 'm already sore , but my body does n't seem to care . 
 sean watches me through the entire video . 
 after it 's over , i glance at him . 
 i do n't know what to say . 
 he 's messed up , but so i am because i 'm so aroused . 
 i want him so much . 
 sean inches his hand further up my leg . 
 i part them for him and lean back against his chest . 
 i close my eyes when he touches me down there . 
 sean rubs gently , making lust swirl deep inside me . 
 i want to turn around and straddle him . 
 a smile creeps across my face when i realize something-it 's my turn . 
 chapter 3 i 'm still trembling , still on edge from what he did to me . 
 i glance over at sean in his jeans and bare feet . 
 he changed at some point and ditched the suit from earlier . 
 i do n't see it on the floor . 
 my gaze flicks up to his chest and those perfectly lickable abs . 
 i can do anything i want . 
 that was our trade . 
 i hold out my hand to him and he takes it . 
 i pull sean up from the couch and he follows me across the room . 
 sean stops walking . 
 it makes my arm jerk and i stop and look at him . 
 he 's tense , like i 'm going to hurt him . 
 `` can you tell me what we 're going to do ? 
 at least clue me in a little bit ? '' 
 i smile softly at him and shake my head . 
 dark hair falls over my shoulders . 
 i 'm nak * d and standing on rose petals in front of the bathroom door . 
 a sliver of light shines through the dark room . 
 `` i wo n't hurt you . '' 
 `` i know , it 's just ... '' sean runs his fingers through his hair and then down his neck . 
 he stretches , showing off that ripped body . 
 `` i 'm not good at these things . '' 
 `` are you backing out of your end of the arrangement , mr. jones ? '' 
 sean grins at me every time i call him that . 
 it conjures memories of the first night i met him . 
 `` no , of course not , but - '' `` then , do n't worry about it . 
 trust me a little , okay . '' 
 i 'm cautious with him . 
 for some reason , sean seems brittle , like he 'll crack in my hands if i 'm not careful . 
 i do n't want to break him . 
 i do n't want him in more pain than he already is , but i think this will help . 
 i start talking about things-my papers , mel , grad school-as we wait for the tub to fill . 
 i have my hands on his skin , keeping the contact between us . 
 sean looks leery , but does n't shy away . 
 when i turn off the water , i turn back to him . 
 i reach for his waist and slip the button through the hole on his jeans . 
 they loosen . 
 i tug him toward me and look into his eyes . 
 `` it 's all or nothing , ferro . '' 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere , stanz . '' 
 he leans in and presses his lips to my temple . 
 the kiss is so gentle , so uncertain . 
 it makes me melt . 
 there 's a softer side that sean keeps hidden . 
 the one time i saw it was the first time we were together . 
 maybe it was an accident , but tonight i 'm not asking for accidents . 
 i 'm asking for all of him . 
 looking down , i lower the zipper on his pants slowly . 
 i slip the clothing off his long , lean legs and toss them across the room . 
 taking his hands , we both step into the tub . 
 sean sits down and looks up at me . 
 i hesitate before sitting down across from him , which was not my original plan . 
 sean notices . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 i smile softly . 
 `` nothing , just tired i guess . '' 
 `` you said you would n't lie to me , smitty . '' 
 sean takes my ankle and pulls my foot to his lap . 
 he rubs little circles on the bottom of my heel . 
 `` i do n't want to say it . 
 it seems greedy and i have enough . '' 
 `` say it . '' 
 `` this hardly seems fair . 
 i do n't know every nook and cranny of your mind , but you think i should just let you into mine . '' 
 i 'm defensive . 
 i do n't want to share everything , not if he is n't . 
 sean grins . 
 `` i already know what 's bothering you , i just want to hear you say it . '' 
 i laugh . 
 there 's no way he knows . 
 `` yeah ? 
 then tell me . 
 what do you already know ? '' 
 sean looks up from under dark lashes . 
 his eyes slip over my face and trail down my neck to where my br ** sts disappear below the water . 
 when his gaze returns to meet mine , he says , `` you do n't want to take it from me . 
 you want me to let you in and make love to you softly and slowly . 
 you want the piece of me that no one has access to . 
 you want me to just let you in and give you everything you want . '' 
 i look away . 
 my heart pounds . 
 sean read my thoughts perfectly , not missing a thing . 
 it 's what i was thinking , nearly word for word . 
 it scares me-he scares me . 
 i want to sink below the surface of the water and ask him to leave . 
 sean tugs my ankle , harder this time . 
 my butt slips and i have to grab the sides of the tub before i go under . 
 the movement makes me forgot for a second and i look at him . 
 he says , `` you 're wrong about that , you know . 
 that piece is already gone . '' 
 `` no , it 's not . '' 
 my voice is a whisper . 
 it feels like i 'm sinking and the sea is freezing . 
 i 'm drowning again . 
 `` it is . 
 i keep trying to tell you that . 
 it 's a wonder that i do n't turn to ash when you touch me . 
 i 'm barely breathing , barely alive . 
 i do n't deserve you , but here you are offering everything . 
 i 'd give it to you , avery , but - '' i do n't want to hear it anymore . 
 sean does n't seem to know . 
 if his heart was gone , completely destroyed the way he thinks , then this would n't bother him at all . 
 it would be boring or an inconvenience , but that 's not it . 
 intimacy scares him . 
 i shift in the tub and crawl toward him . 
 sean stops talking . 
 i place a hand on his shoulder and wrap my legs around his waist before lowering myself onto his lap . 
 sean 's shoulders are so hard , so tense . 
 his hands find my waist . 
 his touch is gentle . 
 when i look up into his eyes , i say , `` breathe . '' 
 sean nods and takes a long slow breath . 
 his chest swells under my fingers . 
 i wo n't push him too far , too fast . 
 i know that sitting face to face like this is hard for him . 
 i 'm guessing it reminds him of his wife . 
 maybe it 's something they used to do and i 'm conjuring ghosts . 
 i do n't know . 
 i just know that he 's still in there somewhere , and the way sean 's eyes flicker to life when we 're like this is impossible to miss . 
 i trail my fingers along his shoulders before taking the soap . 
 i rub it between my palms and press my hand to his shoulders gently . 
 i rub in slow circles , leaving a trail of suds as i move down his body with my hands . 
 when i finish , i give him the soap and he does the same to me , carefully washing me with gentle touches . 
 my eyes close for a second when sean rubs his hands over my br ** sts , under , and around the sides . 
 the touch is good , soft , but firm . 
 i feel him harden beneath me as he does it . 
 my eyes flick open . 
 sean is watching me , lips parted , breathing a little too hard . 
 i lean forward and press a kiss to his lips . 
 sean 's hands slip out of the water and up my back , feeling the curves of my body . 
 i lean forward , moving my h * ps as i kiss him . 
 when i settle on his lap again , he 's hard . 
 sean shifts me in his lap so we line up perfectly , and then pushes inside of me . 
 it feels completely different than before , when he had me tied up . 
 that felt frantic , but this makes me feel high , like a happy buzz , but so much more . 
 sean 's hands move down my back and grip my butt . 
 he rocks me gently making the water slosh in the tub . 
 his eyes are locked on mine . 
 it feels so good and my body wants the release so bad , but i do n't give in to the sensations . 
 instead , i unwrap myself from him . 
 sean seems surprised . 
 `` avery ? '' 
 i stand and offer my hand . 
 sean takes it and stands . 
 water rolls off his beautiful body in sheets , cascading back into the tub . 
 i take him in my arms and pull him against me . 
 sean wraps his arms around me and holds on tight . 
 we stand there like that . 
 i 'm afraid to let go , but sean makes it so i do n't have to . 
 he sweeps me up into his arms . 
 `` i wish i could save you . 
 it 's not that i do n't want to ... '' `` i know what you mean . '' 
 our eyes lock and the world stops . 
 for a moment it seems like everything is fine , that it 'll all work out . 
 maybe i am naive , because even thinking something like that is insane . 
 i tell sean where to take us . 
 he walks out of the bathroom and to the bed . 
 i 'm still damp , so when he sets me down the sheets stick to my skin . 
 i pat the spot next to me . 
 sean lies down . 
 we 're nose to nose . 
 i thread my fingers in his hair and play with the curls at the nape of his neck . 
 we 're quiet for a while , then sean speaks . 
 his voice is so soft , barely there . 
 `` you amaze me , avery stanz . '' 
 i smile , sleepily . 
 `` likewise , sean ferro . 
 it seems that we 're opposites , does n't it ? 
 i mean , you like things one hundred percent backwards from the way i like them-when it comes to sex anyway . '' 
 he smirks . 
 `` it 's probably with other things , too . 
 you did n't turn to stone . 
 i did . 
 we 're so different - '' `` and so alike . '' 
 sean presses his forehead to mine . 
 `` i love you , avery . '' 
 he takes me in his arms , cradling me , and i fall asleep . 
 when i dream , the sea is still . 
 it does n't overcome me or pull me under . 
 there 's a ray of sunshine piercing through the vast gray sky and i finally feel some peace . 
 chapter 4 peeling my eyes open , i try to focus . 
 i glance around and feel like someone is watching me . 
 i blink , trying to chase away the sleepiness . 
 two blue eyes are locked on mine . 
 `` hey , lover , '' sean says as he strokes the back of his hand along my cheek . 
 sean looks like he 's been awake for a while . 
 i smile sleepily at him . 
 `` do n't call me that . '' 
 it feels too intimate . 
 i suppose it 's true , in a factual kind of way , but he bought me . 
 it 's not the same . 
 `` then what should i call you ? '' 
 his fingers tickle my cheek . 
 `` i really like spray-start car girl . 
 that was my favorite . '' 
 `` it 's quite a mouthful to say in bed . '' 
 sean grins . 
 `` something shorter , perhaps ? 
 kitten ? '' 
 i cringe and make a face . 
 `` sexy ? '' 
 `` that might stick . 
 keep working on it . '' 
 sean 's chest is bare . 
 he 's propped up on his side with his elbow . 
 his head rests on his hand . 
 it makes the muscles on his chest look so perfect . 
 i want to touch him , and glide my fingers over each and every dip and hard curve . 
 i want to learn his body , but i hesitate . 
 i do n't want to ruin whatever we have . 
 sean notices me staring at his chest . 
 `` some girls would be offended by that . '' 
 my eyes flick up to his face . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` my eyes are up here , '' he kids . 
 i laugh . 
 `` you 're such a - '' `` a what ? 
 i know you like what you see . 
 i 'm just calling it like i see it . '' 
 i give him a weird look . 
 it 's like he channeled mel . 
 `` you 're so - '' `` so incredibly captivated by you . 
 yes , i am . '' 
 he smiles warmly at me and resumes tracing the soft curves of my face . 
 first his finger trails over my chin and then up my cheek . 
 it makes my stomach dip . 
 i love his touch . 
 i 'll never get enough of him . 
 `` it 's still your turn , by the way . '' 
 `` it is ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` but , i fell asleep and it 's a new day . '' 
 `` so , it does n't change things . 
 you had more in mind , and i realize that . 
 today is yours . 
 we do anything you want . 
 tonight is mine . '' 
 sean leans in and kisses the side of my face gently . 
 it makes me want to squeal . 
 my mind starts to drift though and soon i 'm reliving what he did to me last night . 
 i do n't know if i can do that again , and i doubt he wants to do the same thing . 
 `` what 's going on in that mind of yours ? 
 i know that look . 
 tell me , avery . '' 
 i glance over at him and shake my head . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 i lie , and i 'm a terrible liar . 
 i glance away from him and twirl the sheet between my fingers . 
 sean scoots closer to me . 
 he presses his nak * d body to the side of mine . 
 when i look up into his face i ca n't breathe . 
 `` tell me , spray-start car girl . '' 
 that makes me laugh . 
 sean knows how to pull my heartstrings . 
 i wonder if he 's playing me , because he could . 
 it would be easy for him . 
 the way he hones in on what makes me tick , and then manipulates it-he could be my best friend or my worst enemy . 
 it scares me ; he scares me . 
 i 'm quiet too long . 
 `` a secret for a secret ? '' 
 he prompts . 
 this surprises me . 
 i glance up at him and can tell he 's serious . 
 maybe he is playing me . 
 it 's way too easy for him to fish the thoughts out of my head , but i ca n't pass this up and he knows it . 
 `` all right . 
 ask me again . '' 
 `` what are you thinking about ? '' 
 i swallow the lump in my throat . 
 glancing down at the sheet in my hands , i say , `` last night when we did things your way-it was nearly beyond me . 
 i mean , i do n't know if i could do that again . '' 
 sean is quiet . 
 i feel his gaze on the side of my face , but he does n't say anything . 
 `` i wish i could just give you what you want . 
 i would , you know . '' 
 i look up at him from under my lashes . 
 `` i know , '' he breathes , `` but it 's not something to give . 
 it 's something to be taken . 
 i 'm not sure you understand what it is or what it means to me that you 'd offer yourself that way ... that you stayed with me . '' 
 sean reaches for my hand and presses it against his chest . 
 i feel his heart start racing beneath my palm . 
 the longer my hand is there , the faster it races . 
 `` this is what you do to me . 
 can you feel it ? 
 you know what that means , right ? '' 
 no . 
 i 'm not sure . 
 his skin is so warm , so smooth , but the frantic beating of his heart feels wrong . 
 i look into his face and see it . 
 everything he 's been trying to hide , how much i scare him , how much he wants to run away from me and never come back . 
 but something holds him here . 
 sean does n't want to leave . 
 his heart feels like it 's going to explode under my hand . 
 i lower my gaze to his chest and lift my palm , leaving only a finger . 
 `` you 're afraid of me . '' 
 sean 's quiet . 
 he does n't counter my words . 
 instead he stares at my finger . 
 his heart continues to race like he 's running from a rabid bear . 
 i do n't know what to do . 
 my pulse picks up and pounds harder . 
 i swallow hard and lean in to press my lips to his heart . 
 sean stiffens , like i 'm going to stab him . 
 i stop right before my lips touch his skin . 
 i breathe for a moment and decide that i ca n't do this to him , not yet . 
 these things will come on their own , given enough time . 
 but there is no time . 
 we have today , and then i go to henry . 
 after that black will hire me out to someone else . 
 i feel so torn . 
 indecision freezes me in place . 
 that 's when sean reaches for me . 
 he slips his fingers over the side of my face and to the back of my neck . 
 he makes the decision for me by pulling me forward that last breath . 
 my mouth touches his skin . 
 sean 's body stiffens like i 'm hurting him , but his hand stays on my neck encouraging me to kiss him the way i want . 
 i want to kiss his chest over his heart , so i do it . 
 my lips brush against his skin , once , twice , and then i press harder . 
 my lips part and flick my tongue against him , as i press my lips to his chest . 
 i stay there for a moment , lingering , wanting more when i pull away . 
 i glance up at sean . 
 he 's breathing so hard , so ragged . 
 a question pops up in my mind and i ca n't chase it away . 
 i have to ask him , i have to know . 
 `` why are we doing this ? '' 
 my question surprises him . 
 `` it seems like we 're torturing each other . '' 
 `` it wo n't be that way forever . '' 
 `` it wo n't ? '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` we 'll acclimate to one another , given enough time . 
 we might even learn to enjoy it . 
 will there be more time , avery ? 
 you 're still here , next to me . 
 have you decided to stay ? '' 
 i want to throw my arms around him and say yes , but i ca n't . 
 it 's not that i do n't love him , i do . 
 it 's black . 
 it 's walking away from the ability to support myself . 
 i wo n't get that chance back . 
 if things do n't work out with sean , i 'll have nothing . 
 besides , i ca n't take money from him like that . 
 my broken brain is okay with being paid for sex , but getting money just because i 'm his girlfriend seems wrong . 
 i hedge . 
 `` that 's two secrets and i have n't even gotten one yet . '' 
 he grins , `` ask away . '' 
 i want to know what happened to his wife . 
 i want to know why he 's so dark and tormented . 
 i want to know that piece of him so badly , but i ca n't ask that question . 
 i ca n't take that from him . 
 sean has to give it . 
 i glance past him and see the sunrise streaking the gray sky . 
 little bits of glitter float gently by the window and i smile . 
 a different question pops up in my mind . 
 `` what 's your favorite thing to do in the snow ? '' 
 sean blinks like he heard me wrong . 
 laughing , he asks , `` what ? '' 
 `` you heard me , ferro . 
 ice skating , skiing , sledding , or what ? '' 
 `` sorry , i expected you to ask something else . '' 
 he smiles the sweetest crooked smile i 've ever seen . 
 it makes a dimple appear on his cheek . 
 i resist the urge to lick it and wait for his answer . 
 `` sledding , i suppose . '' 
 `` we can do anything i want , right ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` then i want to take you sledding . 
 i want to do something that makes you laugh . 
 i want to see this quirky little grin on your lips all day . 
 i want to go down cardiac hill with you , and a snowman on a toboggan . 
 what do you say , jones ? 
 are you up for it ? '' 
 as i speak , i push up on the bed . 
 by the time i 'm done , i 'm kneeling and practically jumping up and down . 
 i can see the city after i sit up . 
 the snow stuck . 
 that means long island should be a blanket of white . 
 i 'm so giddy and excited that i do n't remember i 'm nak * d. sean 's gaze devours me as i do my little happy dance on my knees . 
 `` hell , smitty . 
 i 'll do anything you want , but if you keep bouncing around like that , i 'm going to have my way with you first . '' 
 i freeze . 
 my jaw drops open and i laugh . 
 my hands cover my br ** sts and i turn bright read . 
 sean closes his eyes and smiles hard . 
 `` you did not just do that . 
 now , i have to have you . '' 
 he pushes up to his knees and moves toward me . 
 taking me in his arms , sean presses his hard body against mine . 
 `` make love to me , avery . 
 please . 
 do n't make me wait until tonight . '' 
 giddy glee bursts across my face , and then i do as he asks . 
 chapter 5 sean lets me linger in the shower . 
 i 'm sore , but in a good way . 
 it makes me smile . 
 i rinse off , step out of the shower , and towel off . 
 i rub a brush through my hair as i blast the hell out of it with the blow dryer , and then pull it back into a high pony tail . 
 i brought an overnight bag since sean ordered me for two days . 
 i dig around and pull out a pair of threadbare jeans , thick socks , and an oversized sweater . 
 i 'm so snuggly . 
 miss black would have a stroke if she knew what i was wearing . 
 it 's completely wrong for a call girl of my caliber , but screw that . 
 besides , she is n't here and i doubt the other call girls take their clients sledding . 
 i need to call her and get permission to leave the hotel as soon as i 'm ready to go . 
 when i walk out of the bathroom i 'm hit with the scent of bacon and coffee . 
 i glance around like a starving dog , following my nose to the other side of the bed . 
 there 's a tray with silver covers over various dishes . 
 i glance around , wondering where sean went as i peek under a tray and steal a slice of bacon . 
 a cold breeze brushes my cheek , making me turn . 
 the balcony doors are open a crack . 
 i walk over slowly . 
 sean is standing outside , phone in hand , talking to someone . 
 i smile at his back . 
 i ca n't wait to wrap my arms around him and go down that crazy hill on the sled . 
 i plan on laughing like a maniac-and let 's face it-i 'll probably fall off the sled a few times too . 
 as i walk toward the door , sean 's voice becomes clearer . 
 `` no , i wo n't . 
 you 're on your own , pete . 
 i have enough problems . 
 deal with it yourself . '' 
 he 's quiet for a moment . 
 sean bows his head and rubs his temples . 
 whoever he 's talking to is stressing him out really bad . 
 the little vein on the side of his head is throbbing . 
 i wonder who it is or what they want . 
 sean never lets anyone get to him about anything . 
 even when he was at the table with henry , sean was so cool and collected . 
 i had no idea how jealous he was until later . 
 i know i should n't listen , that i should back away , but i ca n't . 
 this seems personal and sean plays his cards close to his chest . 
 i want this glimpse of him . 
 i need it . 
 i step closer . 
 sean shakes his head and pulls his coat closed . 
 snowflakes stick to his dark hair and the shoulders of the jacket . 
 `` you 're making a mistake . 
 stop laughing , dickwad , and i have every right to say it . 
 i know , all right . 
 you do n't want anything to do with that shit and if you get caught-well , i 've been there . 
 i 'm not helping you . 
 if you want it , you 'll have to take it from me . '' 
 sean shakes his head , annoyed , and ends the call . 
 when he turns he sees me through the glass . 
 `` avery . '' 
 his voice is strained , like he 's afraid of what i heard . 
 i push the doors open and lean on the doorjamb . 
 a cold gust of wind hits me in the face . 
 folding my arms over my chest , i ask , `` who 's pete ? '' 
 `` no one important . '' 
 sean 's eyes dart past me toward our breakfast . 
 `` did you eat ? '' 
 `` no , not yet . '' 
 i stare at him . 
 liar . 
 pete is someone very important . 
 it 's written all over his face . 
 `` you can tell me stuff , you know . 
 i wo n't share your secrets . 
 it 's actually part of what makes this whole arrangement less call-girlish and more normal . 
 you know , you tell me something that bothers you and i tell you something that irks me . '' 
 sean does n't blink . 
 he does n't look away or make excuses . 
 flurries continue to fall from the sky while the two of us have a staring contest like a pair of five year olds . 
 sean finally smiles and looks away . 
 `` fine , i 'll tell you , but let 's go inside . 
 i can hear your stomach growling from here . '' 
 horror washes over my face . 
 my tummy 's been grumbling since i smelled the food . 
 i did n't think he could hear , not with the street noise . 
 sean laughs and puts his arm over my shoulder as he pulls me inside . 
 `` you 're so cute , so absolutely adorable . 
 you 're also a terrible snoop . '' 
 he turns me in front of him and kisses the tip of my nose . 
 then , he swats my bottom , pushing me toward the food while he closes the doors and shucks his coat . 
 sean 's already dressed . 
 he 's wearing a form-fitting blue sweater with a pair of jeans and biker boots . 
 `` i was n't snooping . 
 you ordered food and then were n't around . 
 it 's not like i 'd eat it without you . '' 
 sean glances at me and raises an eyebrow when he lifts the cover off the bacon . 
 the nice neat stack is n't so neat anymore . 
 `` okay , i ate that . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 sean laughs and pulls me over to the couch . 
 he dishes up a plate and grabs himself some coffee . 
 sean sits down next to me and grabs a piece of bacon off my plate . 
 as he eats , he talks . 
 `` that was my brother . 
 he wanted to see me . 
 i told him no . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i 'm shocked . 
 i did n't expect sean to tell me anything . 
 i remember him saying something about a sibling , but sean never talks about him . 
 `` i mean , what 's so bad about seeing him ? '' 
 `` if i see him , i 'll cave . 
 you might think i 'm a calloused ass - '' `` your ass is not calloused . '' 
 i wink at him , and clink my coffee mug to his . 
 sean smiles again . 
 it 's such a great thing , making that man smile . 
 `` i 'm glad you noticed . '' 
 he winks at me , and then the pensive look returns to his face . 
 `` what do you think i should do ? '' 
 holy shit . 
 he 's really asking me for advice ? 
 i freeze with my cup to my lips . 
 i lower it and ask , `` is this a trick ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` it just seems like a huge coincidence , that 's all . 
 i ask you about personal stuff , you do n't tell me , so you make something up . 
 it fits with your type of cray-cray , so why not ? '' 
 sean presses his lips together really hard . 
 his shoulders start to shake as he tries not to laugh , but he does a horrible job . 
 `` my type of crazy ? '' 
 `` cray cray , '' i correct . 
 `` crazy-ass to the second power . 
 completely bat shit crazy . 
 cray cray . '' 
 `` yeah , i 'm not saying that-like ever . '' 
 sean starts laughing again . 
 i roll my eyes and sip my coffee like i 'm an adult . 
 `` it seemed like a logical question . '' 
 `` logic left this conversation a while ago . '' 
 sean wipes a tear from the corner of his eye . 
 i can see old laugh lines on his face . 
 he must have been happy at one point . 
 the fine lines around the corners of his eyes and mouth are ghostly reminders of the man he used to be . 
 i wonder if he 's still in there . 
 sometimes i feel so lost , like i 'm so far gone that i 'll never be happy again . 
 then things like this happen , and sean is laughing more than i would have thought possible . 
 `` shut up , cray cray , and tell me about your brother . '' 
 i bump his shoulder with mine , and finish up the food on my plate . 
 `` pete fell off the face of the earth a while back , severed all contact . 
 he was going through some stuff . 
 i got it , so i did n't try to find him . 
 sometimes you have to work things out on your own . 
 i get that . 
 anyway , he wanted to come see me . 
 he 's asking about stuff he should n't be asking about . 
 i do n't want him to do what he 's thinking about doing . 
 it 'll f ** k him over . '' 
 `` what does he want ? '' 
 `` the gun . '' 
 sean 's eyes glaze over . 
 he 's lost in a memory . 
 a gun ? 
 the hairs on my arms prickle like a bad omen . 
 i want what 's best for sean and he 's too isolated . 
 at the same time ... it 's his brother . 
 `` wo n't he get one from someone else if you do n't help him ? '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 sean looks over at me . 
 `` you think i should see him ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` yeah , i do . 
 he needs you . 
 maybe he does n't actually want a gun-maybe he just wants your help . '' 
 sean considers what i 've said . 
 when he looks back up at me , he asks , `` come with me . 
 make sure i do n't give it to him . '' 
 i nod . 
 part of me wonders why sean has a gun and why his brother does n't just get another one . 
 why try to get it from sean ? 
 i do n't know much about his family , just that sean is estranged from them . 
 talking to his brother is a big deal . 
 i hope i 'm encouraging the right thing . 
 i just think that he should n't be alone anymore . 
 living life that way is too damn hard . 
 questions swirl in my mind , about sean and his family . 
 `` sean ? '' 
 `` yeah , baby ? '' 
 he 's lost in thought . 
 sean rubs his hands over his face and looks over at me . 
 `` will you ever be able to tell me what happened ? '' 
 i do n't say the rest . 
 i ca n't seem to get the words out . 
 he did n't kill them , there 's no way . 
 our eyes lock and the pain that i stirred up is visible in his eyes . 
 i want to hold him in my arms and take it all away . 
 i have no idea what those blue eyes have seen , what they 've lived through , but he 's not the monster he thinks he is-he 's just not . 
 sean breaks the gaze and looks away . 
 after a moment , he says , `` someday , avery . 
 just , not now . 
 this was supposed to be your day . 
 i have one day to win you over and pull you away from black . 
 i feel like i 'm wasting it . '' 
 `` you 're not wasting it . '' 
 i put my hand on his knee and lean into him . 
 sean drapes his arm over my back and pulls me in close . 
 `` the gun has something to do with her death , does n't it ? '' 
 sean nods . 
 it 's barely noticeable . 
 `` i have n't said a word about any of it to anyone . 
 talking about that is like shoving splinters into my eyes . 
 i ca n't stand it . 
 it drags up everything i 'm trying so hard to forget . 
 my life ended that night . 
 i did n't care what they wanted to do to me . '' 
 he blinks and stares straight ahead when his eyes reopen . 
 `` there was so much blood . 
 people do n't make mistakes like that ... '' i squeeze his arm to silence him . 
 i feel how fragile he is , like a piece of frayed rope with only a few strands left . 
 sean leans into me and i wrap my arms around him . 
 sean lets me . 
 he does n't tense up as soon as i touch him . 
 not this time . 
 after a moment , he pulls away and stands . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i 'm inviting pete to dinner . '' 
 chapter 6 `` no , '' miss black 's voice is firm . 
 i called to tell her that we 're leaving the hotel for a while . 
 `` i forbid it , avery . 
 if you leave , gabe will make you wish you had n't . '' 
 `` so , i 'm stuck here until sunday morning ? '' 
 `` yes , that was written in your contract . 
 it was explicit . 
 mr. ferro has possession of you until that time . 
 you are to do as he asks with the stipulation that you remain at the same location . 
 i ca n't have you traipsing all over new york and still protect you . 
 how would i do that ? '' 
 `` have gabe drive us . '' 
 i offer . 
 sean is watching me as i talk to black . 
 he grimaces like that was a terrible idea . 
 `` no , stay at the hotel with mr. ferro . 
 this conversation is over . '' 
 she 's mad . 
 i seem to have a knack for pissing her off . 
 the line goes dead before i can say another word . 
 `` she hung up on me ! '' 
 sean walks over and slides his hands around my waist . 
 he leans in and kisses my neck . 
 `` we could go back to bed . '' 
 `` no , not yet . 
 this is important sean . '' 
 i clutch my temples , trying to ward off the headache that 's growing behind my eyes . 
 it 's important because it frees him , i know it will . 
 it 's the only connection that i can make . 
 sean acts like himself when he forgets , when he does things that he has n't done before . 
 sledding takes him back to before he was married , before his life turned to shit . 
 i want to give him that , i want it so badly that i ca n't imagine staying in this room all day , tormenting him with my touches . 
 i want to scream . 
 sean takes my wrists and pulls my hands away from my face . 
 `` i 'll take care of it . 
 you go call down for extra blankets and a couple thermoses of hot cocoa . '' 
 `` but - '' `` do it , '' he commands and swats my butt as he pushes me away . 
 `` she is n't going to listen to you either . '' 
 i sulk and walk to the phone next to the couch . 
 sean gives me a wicked grin before stepping out onto the balcony . 
 he 's out there forever . 
 when he steps back inside , he brushes the snow off his shoulders and smiles at me . 
 `` done . 
 grab your coat and let 's go . '' 
 as he walks toward the door , sean strips off the damp sweater . 
 i lean forward , staring at his chest . 
 he smiles at me before pulling on another one-black this time . 
 `` glad you like it . '' 
 i do . 
 he 's pure yummy when he 's half nak * d and smiling like he owns the world . 
 for the life of me , i ca n't figure out how he got black to agree . 
 she sounded like she wanted to bite my head off . 
 `` how 'd you - ? '' 
 sean pushes me toward the door . 
 `` money talks , avery . 
 i hired that thug that drives you around , too . 
 he 'll be here in a few minutes with sleds . 
 i have to say this is the weirdest arrangement i 've ever made . 
 i just hired a guy to kick my ass if i get too handsy with you . 
 do i dock his pay if he takes too long to punch me ? 
 or should i just aggravate the hell out of him the whole time ? '' 
 `` gabe hates you . 
 that 's a really bad plan . '' 
 sean kisses my temple and adds , `` everyone hates me , babe . 
 you 're a delightful exception . '' 
 chapter 7 sean makes gabe buy me a coat while we wait in the car . 
 every time i see the old guy 's eyes in the mirror , shame washes across my face . 
 gabe thinks i 'm an idiot . 
 he watches me sitting next to sean and he sees right through me . 
 gabe knows how smitten i am with sean . 
 gabe has a natural grimace etched onto his face . 
 i think he might shoot sean just for the hell of it . 
 gabe parks the car and look over at sean , like he should n't leave us alone . 
 `` i 'll be fine , '' i tell him . 
 sean cuts me off , `` she 'll be frozen if you do n't get her that coat . '' 
 `` do n't steal my car , '' gabe mutters . 
 `` i could buy a fleet of these , old man . 
 you worries are for naught . '' 
 sean grins at gabe , and then gets the door slammed in his face . 
 `` well , is n't he delightful ? '' 
 `` for naught ? 
 who do you think you are , mr. darcy ? '' 
 the corner of my mouth twitches . 
 i shake my head and look out the window . 
 `` i heard you like surly men . '' 
 `` i like men who do n't piss off gabe . 
 i like men who keep their beautiful heads on their strapping shoulders . '' 
 `` you think he could take me ? '' 
 sean look surprised . 
 gabe is a brute , but sean is younger . 
 `` i think gabe could whack you and toss you in the trunk , yeah . 
 so stop trying to piss him off . 
 the only reason he went inside is because he 's been yelling at me to wear a coat , too . '' 
 `` awh , he likes you ! 
 old man gabe has a crush on my girl . '' 
 sean smiles broadly . 
 i roll my eyes and laugh . 
 `` you 're so stupid . '' 
 `` probably . 
 okay , definitely . 
 especially when it comes to you . 
 you make me cray cray . '' 
 a raw laugh bursts from my throat . 
 i slap my hands over my mouth and turn to look at him . 
 i start cracking up when i see the grin on his face . 
 `` making you laugh is way too easy . 
 really , avery . 
 class things up a little bit . '' 
 i continue to giggle and lean into him . 
 `` so , what are the odds that i get to keep you after this is over ? '' 
 i smile at him . 
 i want to say yes , but i ca n't . 
 not yet . 
 not to mention that i never thought i 'd find someone this way . 
 `` i do n't know , sean . 
 what do we say when people ask how we met ? '' 
 `` we tell them the truth-that we met on deer park avenue when some jackass stole your car . 
 no one needs to know anything else . '' 
 `` are n't you afraid they 'll find out ? '' 
 sean gives me a strange look . 
 `` who ? 
 the press ? 
 my mom ? 
 who are we talking about , avery ? 
 it 's not like buying a hooker will ruin my reputation . '' 
 the smile slips off my face . 
 `` there 's a fine line between fact and fiction . 
 do n't you wonder what side you 're asking that question from ? 
 i did things that i ca n't undo . 
 no matter what you do , you 'll never be the person who was bought and sold because she was broke . 
 no one will condone that , like ever . '' 
 `` we do n't need anyone to condone anything , avery . 
 if you want to be with me , be with me . '' 
 i look up into his dazzling blue eyes . 
 `` i wish it was that simple . '' 
 `` it is . '' 
 `` no , it is n't . 
 i need this job , but i do n't want it . 
 i need money to live , but - '' `` i 'll give you that - '' `` but what does that make me , sean ? 
 i go from being your hooker to being your-what-private call girl ? 
 i take money from you instead of black ? 
 it does n't feel right . '' 
 it feels wrong . 
 i glance out the window . 
 i want a real relationship . 
 i 'm greedy , but i want things the way i want them . 
 i want to work in an office and be able to pay my bills . 
 i want to be able to go out on a date with sean and not have to worry about whether or not i need to f ** k the guy sitting next to us the following day . 
 i want normal so badly , but my life is everything but normal . 
 `` avery ... '' sean 's voice trails off before he says anything else . 
 i look up and see why . 
 gabe is standing outside my door with a garment bag . 
 he knocks , and opens the door . 
 `` miss stanz , your coat . '' 
 he unzips the bag and takes the jacket off the hanger . 
 i smile when i see what he chose . 
 it 's a bright blue ski jacket with a purple reflective stripe across the shoulders and down the arms . 
 he holds it out and i slip into it . 
 `` it fits . '' 
 and it feels nice . 
 i pull up the collar and snuggle into it . 
 damn it 's soft . 
 i glance down at the price tag and my eyes bug out of my head . 
 `` i ca n't wear this ! 
 it cost more than my car ! '' 
 `` mr. ferro bought it . 
 yell at him . '' 
 gabe leans in to say something , but thinks better of it . 
 he takes the door handle and gestures for me to move inside . 
 after i sit next to sean and gabe closes the door , i smack sean in the chest with the palms of my hands . 
 `` you bought me a $ 1200 coat ? 
 what the hell , ferro ? '' 
 sean laughs and shoves me back . 
 gabe makes a noise in the back of his throat , like a warning . 
 sean ignores him . 
 `` yes , i told him to get you something that was so soft and purple that you could n't resist . 
 it 's more blue than purple , though . 
 you might want to get your eyes checked old man . '' 
 sean glances at gabe . 
 gabe holds the steering wheel tighter and grits his teeth . 
 i smack sean 's arm , so he stops taunting gabe . 
 `` sean , you ca n't buy me stuff like this . '' 
 `` but i want to . '' 
 `` but you ca n't . 
 it 's too much . 
 you fixed my car and i did n't say anything , but this - '' `` is hardly enough . 
 i know . 
 i 'll buy you more stuff . '' 
 `` sean , '' i warn . 
 `` avery . '' 
 he smiles back at me . 
 he 's loving this . 
 i let out a rush of air and look at him out of the corner of my eye . 
 `` arguing with you is pointless , is n't it ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` you know i wo n't wear it , right ? 
 i 'll still walk around most days with no jacket at all . '' 
 `` i understand . '' 
 he 's still smiling . 
 he 's still wearing that smug grin . 
 `` so this is a waste of money ... '' `` nothing is a waste on you . 
 stop fussing and just say thank you . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i pout and fold my arms over the chest of my puffy coat . 
 i ca n't find my boobs under this thing . 
 i smack it down , trying to figure out where my folded arms should go . 
 sean arches an eyebrow at me . 
 `` no ? 
 did you tell me no ? '' 
 he smiles and leans into me , pinning me to the seat with his body , as his hands find their way under my clothes to my skin-then he tickles me . 
 his fingers move the perfect amount . 
 it makes me wriggle and screech . 
 i think gabe is going to kill us when i slide off the seat and onto the floor , but he does n't say anything . 
 in fact , he puts up the divider . 
 sean pulls me back up onto the seat and slips his hand under the jacket and then under my shirt . 
 his eyes are locked with mine as his hand slides up along my waist to my side . 
 he slows as he nears the bottom of my breast and brushes bare skin . 
 sean 's eyes widen . 
 `` where 's your bra , miss smith ? '' 
 `` i do n't really know , mr. jones . 
 i could n't find it this morning , so i did n't wear one . '' 
 a look of pure lust flashes in his eyes . 
 it makes me squirm in my seat . 
 his hand slips to the button on my jeans . 
 `` what about these ? '' 
 his eyes flick to my waist and then lower . 
 he wants to know if i 'm wearing panties . 
 `` what about them ? '' 
 `` are you wearing any ? '' 
 sean watches me , waiting for a response . 
 i give him a lopsided smile and say , `` why do n't you find out ? '' 
 sean glances at the window and sees we have a ways to go . 
 he leans into me , and slips the button through the hole . 
 my jeans loosen and sean presses his hand against my belly . 
 his gaze is on mine , watching me , as his hand moves lower and lower . 
 when he touches the v at the top of my legs , i close my eyes . 
 sean does n't ask . 
 he just does it . 
 his fingers slip between the delicate folds and inside of me . 
 his hand works slowly , teasing me , moving in circles until i 'm saying naughty things in his ear . 
 sean kisses my neck as he works his magic . 
 my body responds to him instantly . 
 every touch sends me higher and higher . 
 i tilt my head back and close my eyes as i push my h * ps to his hand . 
 i want him to push me over the edge . 
 i want to feel the tight coils within me unwind , but sean keeps me there , right at the cusp . 
 it goes on like that . 
 sean teases me , touching me in all the right places until i 'm gasping , begging for release . 
 i moan his name and beg him , but sean only smiles . 
 just when i think that i ca n't stand it for another second , he adds another finger and pushes into me-hard . 
 i gasp and lift my h * ps to his hand . 
 he thrusts harder and faster , rubbing my cl * t while he does it . 
 i feel his eyes on my face , watching me . 
 i 'm suddenly very aware of the car and that we 've stopped moving , but i do n't care . 
 my h * ps buck into his hand , and i cry out . 
 the sensations shoot through my stomach and into my chest . 
 i want his hands on me , in me . 
 i 'd do anything to come right now . 
 frantically , i grab his shirt and pull sean to my face . 
 `` please ... '' `` please , what ? 
 tell me what you want , baby . '' 
 his hand stills . 
 his breath washes across my face . 
 he smells so good and i want him so badly . 
 `` make me come . 
 please , sean . '' 
 he grins . 
 sean 's touch changes and sends a surge of lust shooting through my veins . 
 i throw my head back and cry out . 
 my h * ps slam into his hand and he pushes deeper inside of me . 
 he does it over and over again , faster and harder . 
 i wish my jeans were n't so tight . 
 i wish we were nak * d and my legs were wrapped around his waist . 
 i 've never wanted to be f ** ked so much in my life . 
 i have no idea what he 's doing , but it feels so good . 
 sean takes me higher and higher . 
 my body tenses around his fingers , wanting release . 
 sean 's rocking becomes rhythmic . 
 he pushes faster and faster until i ca n't see . 
 white blurs my vision . 
 i try to keep my eyes open , but i ca n't . 
 my hand clutches my breast as i scream his name . 
 sean pushes once more , hard , and holds . 
 when he does that , the pulsing starts . 
 he thrusts again and again as i come . 
 i 'm breathing so hard . 
 my body stays rigid as ecstasy consumes me . 
 sean keeps his hand between my legs until i open my eyes . 
 then he pulls out slowly and lifts my hand to his lips . 
 he sucks on each finger , one at a time . 
 `` you are absolutely delicious . '' 
 i watch him through lowered lashes . 
 sean leans in and presses the pad of his finger to my lips . 
 his hand has my scent . 
 it hits me hard and makes me shy away , but sean wo n't let me . 
 `` open . '' 
 i do as he says and he puts a finger in my mouth-one he did n't lick clean . 
 i close my eyes and suck . 
 sean leans in to me and takes his hand away . 
 `` did you like that ? '' 
 i nod slowly . 
 i feel like i 'm floating . 
 i blink a few times and look out the window . 
 we 're at the park . 
 sean asks , `` are you ready ? '' 
 i nod slowly . 
 before sean moves to open the door , i stop him . 
 `` wait . '' 
 i pull his lips down to mine and kiss him slowly and softly , until i 'm so sated that i ca n't stop smiling . 
 chapter 8 the snow is mixed with ice . 
 it crackles under our feet . 
 gabe pulls the sled out of the trunk and mentions something about how easy a body would fit back there when he hands it to sean . 
 gabe scares me when he sounds like that , because he is n't joking . 
 the old guy nods at me as if he 's doing me a service and then slips back into the car where it 's warm . 
 i 'm standing in front of sean with my jacket open . 
 the parking lot is a sheet of ice . 
 it has n't been plowed yet . 
 i 'm grinning like a lunatic , ready to run across the parking lot and up the hill . 
 there 's a reason the locals call it cardiac hill-it 'll give you a heart attack if you try to take it too fast . 
 the thing is dauntingly steep , buy you ca n't really tell until you 're on it . 
 runners go through these woods in the summer and come out into this clearing between the trees and the hill . 
 it 's a beautiful spot . 
 i 'm wondering how hard it 's going to be to keep the sled from cracking into one of the towering pines . 
 sean watches me for a moment , before taking the bottom of my coat in his hands and zipping it up to my neck . 
 `` you seriously need to get over that cold thing . '' 
 i raise an eyebrow at him . 
 `` you seriously need to get over that domination thing . '' 
 `` it 's not domination . '' 
 he looks offended . 
 `` oh ? 
 then what it is ? '' 
 `` control , that 's all . 
 totally different . '' 
 sean glances at the snow covered hill . 
 `` yeah , in crazyland , '' i mutter and start walking , tugging the sleds behind me . 
 gabe could n't shove a toboggan in the trunk , so we have a couple of plastic disc sleds . 
 gabe bought them on the way to pick us up , per black 's instructions . 
 i wonder what gabe 's deal is , if he 's here to protect me or what . 
 i kind of think that he 'll beat the shit out of me if black tells him to . 
 that part worries me . 
 if i decide to stay with sean , i have to repay her all the money i earned . 
 that hardly seems fair , but then again , this is n't a job that i can quit . 
 i brush the worry aside when i see sean 's face . 
 his eyes are too big and his jaw is hanging open . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` do n't what me-i 'm not into that kinky shit . 
 i just like things a certain way . '' 
 it 's almost laughable . 
 sean has no idea how far into kinky he 's strayed . 
 he left kinky behind a few states ago . 
 `` ah , i see . '' 
 sean walks up the hill with me as we talk . 
 i try to carry the sleds , but sean takes them from me . 
 `` you see what ? '' 
 `` denial with flashing neon signs . 
 you really ca n't tell ? '' 
 sean shakes his head and then looks at me , like he ca n't believe i 'd say something like that . 
 `` i never thought of it that way . 
 i mean , i do n't do the whole dom / sub thing . 
 you really think that 's what i 'm doing ? '' 
 i nod . 
 he 's quiet . 
 i see the thoughts processing inside his head . 
 his eyes are vacant and he 's touching his face . 
 his lips move silently , trying to reason it out . 
 finally , he shakes his head and says , `` holy shit , that 's f ** ked up . '' 
 he believes me now . 
 i take sean 's hand and start ticking things off . 
 `` you want control , complete trust , domination , submission - '' sean jerks his hand away . 
 he looks annoyed . 
 `` i 'm sorry , sean . 
 i thought you knew . 
 it 's nothing to be ashamed of . 
 you like what you like , even if it is a little twisted . '' 
 sean grumbles . 
 i bump into his shoulder , but he does n't smile . 
 `` i used to be ... '' he sighs , and pushes his hair out of his face . 
 white bits of snow are clinging to his dark locks . 
 stubble lines his cheeks like always . 
 `` different . 
 careful , you know . 
 now it 's almost like i have to be a f ** king predator to feel that way . '' 
 `` what way ? '' 
 when reach the top of the hill , we 're both gasping for air . 
 sean turns and looks at me . 
 `` i do n't know , like i 'm still alive . 
 i 'm numb all the time , avery . 
 before i met you , i barely felt anything anymore . 
 having sex like that brings me back , but it does n't last very long . 
 then , i need more . 
 it 's like a drug . 
 the more i have , the more i want . '' 
 he stares into space , lost in thought . 
 `` do you have something planned for later ? '' 
 he nods . 
 his icy eyes hold mine for a moment . 
 `` is it like last night ? '' 
 `` no , it 's more intense . 
 i did n't hold back last night , but i do n't usually have sex with the same woman twice . 
 it changes things . 
 i need that raw emotion , but ... '' `` but what ? '' 
 the sleds are on the ground . 
 sean put them down when we reached the top of the hill . 
 there 's a pink disc for me and a blue one for him . 
 i do n't know what sean means , or what he wants to do to me later . 
 i 'm not sure if i can tolerate more . 
 last night was a different kind of hell for me . 
 i ca n't imagine enjoying that . 
 nerves flutter through me just thinking about it . 
 more intense . 
 damn . 
 sean beaks the silence . 
 `` i wish you liked it . 
 i know you do n't , so it makes me rethink things . '' 
 smiling , i shake my head and exhale slowly . 
 my breath makes a white cloud in the crisp air . 
 `` we 're a pair of idiots . 
 you know that , right ? 
 i mean , i want you to freely give yourself to me , and you practically want to rape me and whatever brains i have left . '' 
 sean steps toward me . 
 `` you think that i 'd rape you ? '' 
 i just stare at him . 
 i have n't the words or the heart to answer that question . 
 does n't he realize what he 's doing ? 
 that his fantasy is playing on a primal fear of being overpowered and sexually abused . 
 it lurks at the back of mind all the time . 
 i blink hard and look away . 
 `` avery - '' `` sean , you need to look in the mirror and see the man you 've become . 
 i do n't know who you were before , but the guy standing next to me is broken and dark . 
 he comes to life when i 'm terrified . 
 he thrives at those times . '' 
 `` i need it , avery . '' 
 `` you need something that i ca n't give you forever . 
 if you do n't bear your soul to someone , soon , this will get worse . 
 you 'll lose whatever piece of you that 's left . 
 you 're hiding something dark , sean , and it 's eating you alive . 
 i see it in your eyes . 
 it weighs on your shoulders and crushes you until you can barely stand . '' 
 i touch sean 's hand . 
 it 's so cold . 
 he swallows hard and pulls out his gloves . 
 `` do n't you want to feel alive again ? 
 do n't you want to feel love and be loved ? '' 
 `` i honestly do n't know if i can . 
 things are so far gone . 
 i 'm ... '' he shakes his head and stops talking . 
 i feel so bad that i tanked his mood like this . 
 at least he 's talking . 
 i get the idea that sean has a lot he needs to talk about , but no one he trusts enough to do it . 
 he 's stuck , reliving the same nightmare day after day . 
 i steer the day back to where it needs to go . 
 sean needs this too , he just does n't know it yet . 
 `` you 're going sledding , now . 
 you 're going to laugh , and scream like a girl . 
 i 'm going to make sure of that . '' 
 sean gives me a weak smile . 
 he does n't believe me . 
 sean takes the disc and sits down . 
 before i climb on mine , i give his shoulders a hard push . 
 sean disappears over the side of the hill . 
 i watch him try to control the disc as it curves down the incline . 
 he laughs loudly as he grabs at the snow with his gloves trying to stop . 
 at the bottom of the hill , sean jumps off the sled and looks up at me . 
 `` you suck , smith ! '' 
 i grin . 
 today is going to be fun . 
 chapter 9 when sean finally reaches the top of the hill again , he runs straight at me and drops the sled . 
 i squeal and try to get away , but the snow is too deep and my legs are too short . 
 `` that was n't nice , smitty . '' 
 i giggle and look over my shoulder just as sean swipes his hand by my waist . 
 he almost got me . 
 i twist out of his reach and bounce around in the snow like a labradoodle , not moving very far , but avoiding his reach at the same time . 
 `` but it was very funny , jones ! '' 
 `` you 're going to get punished for that . '' 
 `` you have to catch me first . '' 
 i 'm grinning so hard that my face hurts . 
 i make a bee line past him and jump on my sled . 
 the disc does a one-eighty and i fly down the hill backward . 
 i dig my hand into the snow on one side and whip the thing around . 
 for once , i have good timing . 
 a tree tried to hug my face , but i narrowly dodged it . 
 one disaster avoided . 
 sean shouts from behind me . 
 he 's on the other disc , coming down the hill behind me . 
 he 's laughing , smiling so widely that i get a flash of his dazzling grin when i glance back at him . 
 `` oh , i plan on it ! '' 
 he hits a bump and his last word is garbled with an oof sound when his disc smacks back down . 
 sean grips the side of the disc hard . 
 i start cracking up and do n't notice the drop in front of me . 
 the disc jets down into a ditch at the foot of the hill . 
 the sled ends up perpendicular to the ground and plants itself like a headstone after throwing me off . 
 i roll on my side several times , and then slide . 
 it seems like forever . 
 i 'm almost in the parking lot by the time i skid to a stop . 
 my hair is tangled around my face , forming a brown shroud . 
 i lay there for a second trying to catch my breath while laughter starts building in my belly . 
 suddenly , sean is over me . 
 `` avery , are you all right ? 
 say something . '' 
 he frantically brushes my long hair away from my face , trying to see if i 'm hurt . 
 i sit up , laughing . 
 my hair falls to my shoulders and down my back . 
 it 's covered in snow . 
 `` i suck at sledding . '' 
 sean grins like he 's trying not to laugh . 
 he sits next to me in the snow . 
 sean ca n't keep a straight face . 
 `` that 's a bit of an understatement . 
 i think your sled hates you . '' 
 giggles rip through me until i ca n't hold them inside . 
 soon i 'm laugh-snorting and can barely sit up . 
 i laugh louder and longer , holding onto my stomach so it does n't explode . 
 sean laughs with me . 
 the sound is so miraculous . 
 it 's rich and pure . 
 he 's happy in these moments . 
 there 's nothing bearing down on him , nothing tearing him to shreds . 
 sean flops back and lays next to me on the snow . 
 when the giggles fade away , i 'm staring at the sky . 
 it 's gray . 
 little bits of snow continue to fall , but they 're smaller now . 
 it 's getting colder . 
 `` i worry about you , you know . '' 
 sean is looking at me . 
 i turn my face toward him , not really getting what he 's thinking . 
 `` this thing you have with the cold , it 's ... '' he sighs and his words disappear . 
 `` it 's what ? '' 
 i bristle a little bit . 
 it 's my one crazy flaw , well that and talking to my parents , but i need it . 
 i 'll defend what i do , how i cope . 
 like sean does . 
 damn it . 
 i grit my teeth . 
 coping is coping . 
 a bunch of other thoughts run thought my mind , but sean cuts them off when he scoots closer . 
 he pushes up on his elbow and is over me . 
 he pulls off a glove and strokes my frozen cheek while looking into my eyes . 
 `` it scares me , because it 's too much like me . 
 i do n't want you to be numb , avery . 
 it 's a shitty life , never feeling anything . 
 and once you detach yourself that way , you ca n't ever come back . 
 you worry me because it seems like you 're still attracted to the idea . '' 
 sean 's hand feels so good on my cheek . 
 i close my eyes and lean into his touch . 
 the cold penetrated my clothing and the shivering has stopped . 
 this is the point where sane people would go inside and warm up , but not me . 
 i love feeling like this . 
 i like it when the numbness turns to pain . 
 i know what to do with that . 
 i know how to react . 
 i press my lips together and watch the concern in his eyes . 
 `` i am attracted to the idea , '' i admit . 
 `` at least a little . 
 but it 's not just the numbness-it 's the pain . '' 
 my heart is racing . 
 the way he looks at me could boil the snow in a flash . 
 sean leans down to within an inch of my lips . 
 he watches me through lowered lashes . 
 his gaze flicks to my lips and then back to my eyes . 
 `` there are safer ways to make you feel pain . '' 
 my stomach twists . 
 i want him to kiss me . 
 he 's so close , but he does n't move . 
 `` like in bed with you , mr. jones ? '' 
 `` that 's one way , yes . 
 think about it . 
 it 's safer than this . 
 you 're going to end up with frostbite or hypothermia . '' 
 sean stops speaking , but continues to look at my lips . 
 `` got something else to say , jones ? '' 
 `` no , nothing else to say at all . '' 
 he closes the space between us and a rush of electricity shoots through my body . 
 sean has me so charged , so on edge , that when he touches me i 'm ready to fly away . 
 when his lips press into mine , i can feel his warmth and for once it feels better than the cold . 
 the kiss is gentle , careful . 
 he licks the seam of my lips and i open . 
 his tongue dances with mine as butterflies erupt inside of me . 
 they flutter through my entire body until i flare back to life . 
 my back is freezing and my front is warm because sean is laying on top of me . 
 one of his knees is between my legs . 
 i push my h * ps against his as the kiss deepens . 
 we 're getting covered in snowflakes as we lay there , barely moving . 
 sean pulls away breathless . 
 `` come on . 
 we ca n't drive all the way out here and only go down the hill once . '' 
 he stands and brushes the snow off his jeans . 
 `` twice , '' i correct , and get up . 
 i 'm sweeping the snow off , not paying attention as i smile . 
 `` well , you went down twice . '' 
 grinning a wicked smile , sean looks over at me . 
 `` i forgot about that . 
 i owe you a punishment . '' 
 the way he says it makes my stomach dip . 
 i stop what i 'm doing . 
 i 'm caught in his gaze , like it 's a snare . 
 he steps toward me and i swallow hard . 
 sean 's hands slip around my waist and he slams my body into his hips . 
 `` do you want it now or later ? '' 
 what the hell is he talking about ? 
 i thought he was kidding . 
 from looking into his eyes , i know he is n't . 
 i laugh , nervously , `` punish me ? 
 you need to take yourself a little less seriously . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , what was that ? '' 
 he cups his ear like an old guy and leans in closer to my mouth . 
 `` did you say you want your punishment now ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i laugh and back away from him . 
 `` i think that 's what you said . 
 it was something like sean , i 'm a really bad girl and i want it right now . '' 
 the way he says it combined with the look in his eye makes my toes curl . 
 why does he seem hotter when he 's acting twisted ? 
 i have up my hand and i 'm backing away from him with a huge smile on my face . 
 `` i think you heard me wrong , old man . '' 
 sean 's jaw drops for a half a second , then he rushes at me . 
 his shoulder slams into me and we fall to the ground . 
 my back hits the ground , but sean cradles my head . 
 half a beat later , he 's sitting on my chest and has my arms pinned above my head . 
 `` old man , '' he mocks . 
 `` you really know how to turn a guy on . '' 
 i laugh and try to twist away . 
 when that does n't work , i say , `` i want my punishment later . 
 later ! '' 
 sean laughs and shakes his head . 
 his dark hair is damp from the snow . 
 `` oh , i do n't think so . 
 let 's see , what would be fitting for scaring the life out of me and pushing me down the hill ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 why am i getting two punishments ? '' 
 `` it should be three-you ran away , too . '' 
 sean let 's go of one of my arms and tries to hold me with his knee . 
 i can dip my wrist backward , so i do it . 
 i grab a fistful of snow and hurl it at his face . 
 he gives me an incredulous look . 
 `` you did not just do that . '' 
 before i can say anything , sean flips me over , yanks down the back of my pants and spanks me three times . 
 i yelp and try to get away , but his grip is too good . 
 when his hand strikes my skin , the cold makes it sting longer . 
 after the last strike , sean shoves his hand down the back of my pants and pulls away . 
 it is n't until he releases me and i stagger to my feet that i realize what he did . 
 i screech and jump up and down . 
 he put a ton of snow in my panties . 
 `` oh my god ! 
 you suck ! 
 you suck ! 
 you suck ! '' 
 i dance around , swatting at my butt , trying to get the snow out . 
 sean smiles and folds his arms over his chest , watching me . 
 `` you deserved it . '' 
 there 's too much snow . 
 the skin on my hiney is stinging . 
 i fall on my back and try to sweep out the snow that has n't melted . 
 i get most of it out and grab a hand full of snow . 
 i stand and walk directly toward sean . 
 `` that was evil . '' 
 he 's smiling . 
 his hands go into a defensive position . 
 `` i would n't do that if i were you . 
 you 'll just end up getting pinned to the ground and force fed snow . '' 
 `` i eat snow for breakfast . '' 
 i meant it to sound all butch and scary , but it does n't . 
 sean laughs out loud . 
 his eyes close as his shoulders shake with laughter . 
 he looks up at the sky and laughs harder . 
 i hurl my snowball at him and it smacks into the side of his face . 
 he stops laughing . 
 his eyes narrow and he races toward me . 
 i dart up the hill with sean on my heels . 
 he chases me and brings one of the sleds with him . 
 when sean catches me , he 's breathing hard . 
 his arms feel so good . 
 i lean against his chest . 
 sean stiffens at first and then seems to relax . 
 he lets me hold onto him , even though i 'm sure he wants to peel me off . 
 i glance up at him and say it . 
 i do n't care how stupid it is . 
 i know how i feel and that 's all that matters right then . 
 `` i love you , sean . '' 
 he holds me tighter and kisses the top of my head . 
 `` i love you , too . '' 
 chapter 10 sean and i duck in the car behind the tinted divider after he 's frozen . 
 i do n't mind , but sean insists we warm up . 
 sean produces the thermoses and we both have a hot drink . 
 it 's weird , but sean is a different person when sex is n't involved . 
 he smiles and does n't guard his thoughts as much . 
 it 's like he 's been trapped in a cage and suddenly broke free . 
 sean 's laughter rings out and his teasing is light and playful . 
 i love this version of him . 
 `` what are you thinking about ? '' 
 he asks , and then takes a sip of cocoa . 
 it 's insanely hot . 
 the hotel gave it to us on the way out . 
 it 's really good . 
 `` i 'm wondering what it would be like to be with the sean that i saw out there . '' 
 i point to the hill . 
 there are tracks from where we were sledding , and a few piles of snow where i crashed . 
 i 'm a sucky sledder , but i own it , so it 's all good . 
 sean 's lips twist into an awkward smile . 
 he looks over at me after a moment . 
 `` i honestly do n't know . 
 when i 'm with you and we 're doing stuff like that-sledding , flying a kite , having a snowball fight-i do n't feel like myself . 
 it 's like i forget everything that 's happened for a few seconds and i can breathe again . 
 i ca n't hold onto that guy , avery . 
 he did n't show up until you came along-i mean , i have n't felt that way in a very long time . '' 
 `` i know what you mean . '' 
 i tuck my hair behind my ear . 
 `` if you had a choice , which guy would you want to be ? '' 
 `` i do n't think it 's that simple . 
 i ca n't just forget everything . 
 that guy is a shadow of what i was . 
 you ca n't see it , but i can . 
 when i 'm with you and we 're laughing like that , it does n't bother me . 
 but when night comes ... '' he shakes his head and does n't finish speaking . 
 i know about night time . 
 i know what happens to my mind when evening spills across the sky like a bottle of ink . 
 the darkness looms over me , crushing me . 
 sometimes it 's all i can do to get to morning . 
 every unbidden thought and worry creeps to the front of my mind when my head hits the pillow . 
 i try to shove them back down , but they do n't stay . 
 dark thoughts start rolling through my mind and hopelessness chokes me until i pass out . 
 then , the next day comes and the cycle starts over again . 
 i touch his knee . 
 sean looks over at me . 
 `` i know . 
 believe me , i know what you 're talking about . '' 
 sean 's phone beeps . 
 he pulls it out of his pocket and looks at the screen . 
 `` it 's getting late . 
 pete is almost to the city . 
 we better head back . '' 
 i nod , and smile sadly . 
 i lean into his arm and hold on tight . 
 `` try to hold on to the feeling inside your chest . 
 hold it as long as possible . 
 i know you 're still in there , even if you do n't . 
 i see it , sean . 
 do n't give up . 
 not yet . '' 
 he wraps his arms around me and kisses my temple . 
 `` you think that we can pull each other up ? '' 
 i do n't know . 
 i want to say yes , but everyone thinks sean is going down in flames . 
 i shove aside their thoughts . 
 they do n't know him the way i do . 
 they have n't lived my life . 
 `` yes , because people like us already hit the bottom . 
 up is the only direction left to go . '' 
 chapter 11 gabe drops us off at the hotel . 
 sean and i have enough time to change before heading down to the restaurant . 
 i take my time , putting on my make-up and doing my hair . 
 odds are that gabe is going to report back to black . 
 i need to look perfect tonight so she does n't strangle me tomorrow . 
 i swipe on a final coat of mascara and pull out my thigh highs . 
 the lace top on the stockings is so soft and pretty . 
 i fasten them to the garters , then stand and smooth my dress . 
 my hair is loose , hanging over my shoulders in soft waves . 
 i had to put a vat of product in to make it look like that . 
 my make-up turned out better than usual . 
 i have smoky eyes and pale pink lips . 
 they look kissable in this violet dress . 
 it 's silk-per blacks instructions-with a narrow waist and a scoop neck . 
 the skirt is fitted through the hip and then flares slightly . 
 it showcases my features well . 
 marty would be proud . 
 marty . 
 my mood darkens . 
 i do n't know what to do with him . 
 every time i check my phone , there are more messages from him , but i ca n't listen to them . 
 what am i supposed to say ? 
 he tricked me . 
 i feel like a moron . 
 sean kept telling me that marty had a thing for me , but i did n't listen . 
 i never saw it . 
 there 's a knock on the bathroom door . 
 `` it 's almost time to head down . '' 
 i shove aside my thoughts and walk to the door . 
 when i pull it open , i look up at sean . 
 my god , he looks amazing . 
 he 's wearing a black suit that 's cut perfectly to accentuate his frame . 
 there 's no tie around his neck though . 
 instead , the top button is open . 
 his shirt is shade of charcoal , which makes his eyes look like sapphires . 
 my breath catches in my throat . 
 while i 'm looking him over , sean 's gaze travels up and down my body . 
 a wicked smile stretches across his lips . 
 `` you look delicious , completely edible , miss smith . '' 
 i look away and feel my face flame red . 
 it surprises me . 
 after everything we 've done , how am i blushing ? 
 sean reaches for me . 
 he places his finger under my chin and tilts my face up . 
 `` you are amazing . 
 have i told you that ? '' 
 i nod , smiling softly . 
 `` i think you need to hear it again . 
 you are an amazing woman , avery stanz . '' 
 he leans in and brushes his lips across my cheek . 
 the touch is so light that my stomach erupts into flutters . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 i ca n't stop smiling . 
 everything is perfect . 
 the thought of saying the l-bomb was something that always freaked me out , but it does n't anymore . 
 i like saying it to him . 
 `` i love you , too . '' 
 sean pulls me to his chest and we stand there , just holding each other . 
 his breath washes across my cheek and i hear his heart pounding in his chest . 
 this frightens him ? 
 but he holds me anyway . 
 i borrow his question and ask him . 
 `` what are you thinking ? '' 
 `` i 'm thinking that i should tell you what happened . '' 
 his words hit me like a mac truck . 
 i look up at him and step back . 
 `` sean , you do n't have to - '' sean presses his finger to my lips and silences me . 
 `` i do , because it 's not what they think . 
 you were right about the papers . 
 they do n't know what happened . 
 no one does . '' 
 tension flows over his body in sheets . 
 every muscle is corded tight . 
 his gaze breaks away from mine and sean starts pacing . 
 he runs his hands through his dark hair and down his neck . 
 he takes a deep breath and continues , `` i never confessed to killing her , but everyone thought it was me . 
 it was my gun . 
 we were fighting before it happened . 
 everyone knew she was unhappy , '' he laughs , but it sounds miserable , `` well , everyone but me . 
 `` amanda called me that day . 
 she asked me to come home . 
 she said she did n't feel right , but when i pressed her she could n't tell me what was wrong . 
 i thought she was lonely . 
 i told her that i was in the middle of a business transaction and could n't leave-that i 'd be home soon . 
 my life was all business at that point , more so than now . 
 amanda understood that in the beginning . 
 i loved her . 
 i wanted to spend time with her , but i never got the chance . 
 then , everything changed . '' 
 sean turns around and looks at me . 
 he swallows hard , like he can barely breathe . 
 `` when i got home from work that night , i found her . 
 she 'd taken my gun and ... '' his voice catches as he shivers . 
 sean presses his lips together as i watch the horror play out on his face . 
 `` she shot herself . 
 i did n't want her to be remembered like that . 
 no one knew . 
 amanda kept everything inside . 
 she always wore that polite smile and told everyone she was fine , happy even . 
 that phone call was the only time she asked for help and i did n't give it to her . '' 
 by the time he stops talking , sean 's eyes are glassy . 
 there are tears that want to fall , but he holds them back . 
 my eyes are so wide . 
 `` so you let them think you did it ? '' 
 he nods and looks away . 
 oh my god . 
 i 'm trembling and that was n't even my story . 
 the pain in his voice is fresh , like it just happened . 
 he 's walked around with this secret for years , allowing it to devour him . 
 the guilt he feels is etched across his face . 
 sean inhales deeply . 
 i walk up behind him . 
 i want to touch him , to pull him into my arms , but he 's paper-thin right now and that will hurt him more . 
 i speak to his back . 
 `` no one knows you . 
 the people who say you 're calloused have no idea what they 're talking about . 
 sean , look at me . '' 
 when he does n't move , i take his arm gently and turn him toward me . 
 his lashes are clumped together , wet from tears that i did n't see fall . 
 `` it was n't your fault . '' 
 `` it was completely my fault . 
 if i went home , if i - '' `` you ca n't live that way . 
 you ca n't question every decision you make . 
 constantly asking what if will make you crazy . 
 you did n't know she was that far gone . 
 you did n't know . 
 this was beyond your control . '' 
 awh fuck . 
 there it is . 
 this is where that dark side of him is stemming from . 
 this is the pinpoint location-the landmine . 
 i knew the darkness was from losing his wife and unborn child , but this clarifies everything . 
 the guilt is destroying him . 
 it 's why everything he touches turns to ash-he ca n't accept that it was n't his fault . 
 he believes he killed her . 
 sean sees the puzzle pieces snap together in my eyes . 
 `` you gave me something i desperately needed last night . 
 talking about that day makes it worse . 
 i 'd ditch my brother and stay here with you . '' 
 `` talking about it will eventually make it better . '' 
 sean gives me a weird look . 
 `` that 's something a shrink would say . '' 
 i 'm not a shrink . 
 i know enough not to press on this spot too much . 
 the whole thing could blow up in my face and i do n't want to hurt sean more than i already have . 
 i counter , `` it 's something a friend would say . 
 sean , you ca n't hold everything inside . 
 it 's warping you , twisting you into someone else . '' 
 i reach for his hand and thread our fingers together . 
 `` i know you need sex that way . 
 i understand now . 
 take anything you need from me later . 
 i want you to . 
 do n't hold back . 
 i want my sean back . 
 i want the guy with the beautiful smile and the contagious laughter , the one that you thought was gone . 
 he 's still there . 
 if i have any chance of being with him , i 'll take it . '' 
 sean nods slowly . 
 he runs his hand over the back of his neck and looks down at me . 
 `` i wish i could say no . '' 
 `` i do n't want you to . '' 
 `` avery , i ca n't promise what you 'll get . '' 
 `` i 'll get you-the dark , the light , and the monster within . '' 
 i smile at him . 
 `` you protected her all these years by sheltering her death . 
 you made it so that her friends and family would only focus on her life , and they must hate you for it . 
 you protected her after she was gone , at all cost . 
 i adore that man , and he 's still in here . '' 
 i press my palm to his chest . 
 sean tenses , but he does n't move . 
 `` you 're a good man with a dark facade . 
 believe that , because it 's the truth . '' 
 sean takes my hand and lifts it to his lips . 
 the kiss is soft and light . 
 `` i love you , avery . 
 i ca n't lose you too . 
 it feels like the harder i try to hold onto you , the faster you slip away . 
 i 'm so sorry i hurt you . 
 i never meant to - '' `` shhh . 
 you already apologized and i accepted . '' 
 sean nods and takes a steadying breath . 
 he blinks away the emotions in his eyes and says , `` we better get down there or pete will think that i 'm not coming . 
 keep me from doing something stupid , okay ? '' 
 `` i 'll try . '' 
 chapter 12 sean 's emotions are well contained by the time we are seated at our table . 
 pete is n't here yet . 
 sean orders us something from the bar . 
 i sip my wine , wondering how it is that sean and his brother do n't talk , like at all . 
 `` do you guys fight a lot ? '' 
 he shakes his head and puts down his glass . 
 `` no , it 's not like that . 
 pete just has his own shit to deal with and i have mine . 
 it was more of a natural isolation . 
 i do n't think he did it on purpose either , but the guy did change his cell number . 
 i tried to track him down for our mom , when he first disappeared , but pete did n't want to be found . 
 that 's why this is weird . '' 
 as sean speaks , i see gabe walk by and sit at the bar . 
 shit . 
 why is he watching me from so close ? 
 gabe makes a subtle movement that tells me to come over . 
 sean does n't see him , not yet . 
 i do n't want tonight to be harder than it already is on sean , so i excuse myself . 
 `` i 'll be right back , '' i stand and take my purse and walk toward the ladies room . 
 gabe follows . 
 we stand in the alcove to the restrooms . 
 gabe hands me a note . 
 `` from miss black . 
 it 's directions about your meeting with henry thomas tomorrow . 
 she did n't like the stunt you pulled today . '' 
 `` what stunt ? '' 
 `` fine , i did n't like the shit he pulled today . 
 just read the note . '' 
 gabe points a pudgy finger at the letter . 
 i open it up and read fast . 
 miss stanz , i expect you to dress appropriately from now on . 
 ripped jeans and mammoth sweaters that conceal your figure should be burned . 
 i 'm docking your pay to make sure you learn this lesson , since telling you is obviously not enough . 
 keep mr. ferro on the leash . 
 do not give him everything he wants . 
 he is a commodity that i want to keep in play . 
 mr. thomas is expecting your full services tomorrow . 
 i expect you to perform at your best , which is more than a tease . 
 i know you have n't had sex with this client and you are to change that immediately . 
 no more teasing . 
 our girls do n't behave that way . 
 correct your behavior or i will correct it for you . 
 give this letter back to gabe when you 're finished . 
 - b. gabe 's hand is out . 
 i shove the note back into his fist . 
 fuck . 
 i glance up at gabe and ask , `` what will happen if i quit ? '' 
 `` you did not just ask me that . '' 
 he takes the note and holds a lighter to the corner . 
 it burns quickly . 
 gabe drops it in the water fountain before anyone sees . 
 he lifts out the charred note and it crumbles to dust in his hand . 
 `` i ca n't do what she 's asking me to do . '' 
 `` you should have thought of that before you got into bed with black . 
 she does n't share . 
 do not piss her off . 
 finish your contracts before you even consider mentioning fewer hours . 
 you can try to slip out of it slowly , but if black thinks you 're taking guys on the side , she wo n't let you walk away . 
 and i know you have another contract tomorrow . 
 there 's no way out of that one . 
 you signed , girlie . 
 you have to show up or she 'll skin you . '' 
 my heart is pounding . 
 the threat sounds literal , but it ca n't be . 
 mel would have said something . 
 `` fine . 
 do n't tell her that i said anything . '' 
 he laughs , like i 'm hysterical . 
 `` i already told you-i like you . 
 you seem like a good kid . 
 you should have run when you had the chance . '' 
 my stomach twists . 
 gabe starts to walk away . 
 i rush up next to him and ask , `` what happens if i walk away now ? 
 like i just do n't show up tomorrow ? '' 
 `` you do n't want to know , kid . '' 
 gabe continues to walk . 
 i stop in my tracks , with my heart in my throat . 
 i told sean that i would n't leave him . 
 damn it . 
 what do i do ? 
 i need to figure out how to get out of this . 
 i walk back to the table and sit down . 
 i smile , but it 's too weak . 
 sean notices . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 he gives me a look . 
 god his eyes are so blue . 
 `` fine , something , but i ca n't talk about it here . 
 i 'll tell you later . '' 
 `` is it about work ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` yes , i - '' my words die in my mouth . 
 a man is walking toward us . 
 he has a muscular build and a trim body . 
 dark hair falls into his blue eyes and there 's a crooked grin on his lips . 
 his stride is confident , but damaged . 
 there 's a woman with him . 
 she has big brown eyes and a mess of curly dark hair . 
 the man holds onto her hand as they approach . 
 i incline my head toward them and sean turns to see what i 'm looking at . 
 `` well , look at that . '' 
 sean sounds surprised and stands . 
 he holds out his hand . 
 the man stops next to sean and shakes his hand before pulling sean closer and placing an arm over his shoulder . 
 he slaps sean 's back a few times . 
 `` good to see you , sean . '' 
 `` pete . '' 
 sean nods and wriggles out of the hug . 
 pete laughs after looking over at me . 
 my jaw is hanging open . 
 `` does she always look like that ? '' 
 the closer pete got , the clearer it becomes . 
 they look like clones . 
 `` are you twins ? '' 
 pete smiles . 
 he seems so laid-back , so opposite of sean . 
 `` nah , that 's what people always think when they see the three of us together , well , they think triplets . 
 jonathan 's the youngest , and this guy is older than me . 
 i 'm the messed-up middle child . '' 
 pete grins at me and then at sean . 
 the woman standing behind him is silent . 
 pete asks sean , `` well , are you going to introduce me , or do i have to do it myself ? '' 
 sean is so tense that it looks like his face will crack if he speaks . 
 `` avery , this is peter ferro-my younger brother . '' 
 pete reaches for my hand and shakes it . 
 he smiles and looks nervously over at his brother , like sean will disapprove . 
 `` actually , i ditched the ferro part . 
 it 's dr. peter granz . 
 nice to meet you . '' 
