 chapter 1 this ca n't be happening . 
 the phrase repeats over and over again in my mind as my skin prickles with dread . 
 there 's so much blood on the carpet , seeping out from under the sheet . 
 the crushed black bead did her no good . 
 the cop does n't see me yet . 
 any second he 'll turn around and i have no idea what i 'll say . 
 the floor is n't closed off . 
 i do n't know why and i do n't care . 
 sean is going to kill me for coming back up here , but i ca n't leave mel like this . 
 my heart is stuck in my throat , forming a giant knot that wo n't go away no matter how hard i swallow . 
 a noise startles me out of my trance and i glance at the purse , clutched tightly in my hands . 
 the cop turns and sees me . 
 sean 's voice is spilling from within the room and i only take notice when it stops . 
 he knows i 'm here . 
 the ring tone clangs again before i realize what it means . 
 my shoulders stiffen and i dig through my bag , trying to find the phone as fast as possible . 
 `` you should n't be up here , miss . '' 
 the cop says , and starts to walk toward me . 
 my smile is weak , timid almost . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i - '' i stop talking and look at the picture on my screen . 
 ice drips down my spine and pools in my stomach . 
 mel 's murderer stole her phone and is calling me . 
 the crass stripper ring tone blares again and i swipe the button to accept the call . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 the cop walks toward me as i stand still , shivering . 
 i expect to hear a male 's voice , someone sick and twisted . 
 he 's going to say something horrible , but what i hear shocks me even more . 
 `` avery ? 
 are you listening to me ? 
 get the f ** k out of there ! 
 now ! '' 
 it 's mel . 
 my hands start shaking and i suck in a ragged breath . 
 `` mel - ? '' 
 my voice catches in the back of my throat as my skin gets covered in a new wave of gooseflesh . 
 `` miss , this floor is closed . '' 
 the cop talks at the same time as mel . 
 the man is wearing his uniform , and he has that seriously displeased look policemen wear when they 've seen too much . 
 my god , what happened in that room while sean and i were downstairs ? 
 `` avery . 
 leave . 
 now . '' 
 her words come out staccato , emphasizing each one so that it sinks in . 
 i 'm still in shock , with a haze hanging over me , where i can barely think . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 mel does n't tell me . 
 `` you 're not listening . 
 something happened and i did what i had to do . 
 get the hell out of there . 
 i would n't have even called , but the thing is , i think she was after you , not me . 
 be safe . 
 call me if you need help . '' 
 the line goes dead . 
 swallowing hard , i place my phone in my purse and nod at no one . 
 the cop thinks i 'm nodding at him and lifts his hand toward the elevator banks . 
 at that moment , sean peeks out from the doorway . 
 i turn back and our eyes lock , but neither of us speaks . 
 he does n't want me involved in this , but i do n't know if it can be avoided . 
 `` mr. ferro , '' says a deep voice from within the room , `` we 're not done here . '' 
 sean glances back at the man and then to me . 
 `` one moment . '' 
 sean walks down the hallway toward me with swift , determined , strides . 
 he stops a step from me , like we 're acquaintances and hands me a card . 
 `` i 'll be a little bit . 
 meet me here . 
 i have to go out to long island to take care of something , after this gets settled . '' 
 his eyes are liquid blue and filled with worry . 
 he blinks it away and his gaze once again turns to steel . 
 a large detective wearing a poorly fitting blue suit steps into the hallway . 
 `` mr. ferro , we 're not done . '' 
 the man has jowls that are cartoonish . 
 he 's way past his prime , with a belly that hangs over his belt , and bags under his eyes . 
 there 's a large nose in the center of his face that reminds me of gabe . 
 the man looks up at me and then glances at sean . 
 `` who 's this ? '' 
 sean speaks before i have a chance to answer . 
 `` a friend . 
 she was n't up here when this happened . '' 
 the uniformed cop looks at me with added interest . 
 the detective asks , `` then , where were you ? '' 
 i feel nervous with all their eyes on me and spit out the truth . 
 `` in the dining room , downstairs . '' 
 the detective walks toward me . 
 `` what 's your name , sweetheart ? '' 
 i tell him and he asks if i 've been up here tonight . 
 i omit the fact that i was up here with mel earlier and talk about dinner . 
 `` what are you doing here , now ? '' 
 `` i came to see mr. ferro . '' 
 it 's the truth and i look too innocent or naive to them . 
 they both disregard me after a few more questions , but then he asks for the paper sean handed me . 
 `` let me see it and you can go . '' 
 i do n't want to show him , but i do . 
 holding the business card between two fingers , i lift it up so he can read it . 
 the man grunts and shakes his head . 
 `` a strip club ? 
 he handed you a card for a strip club ? '' 
 i shrug and smile bashfully , like sean and i are into kinky things . 
 the cop inhales suddenly , and it 's way too loud . 
 my outfit screams proper , refined , and totally average , but the card throws him off . 
 the cop asks , `` why 'd he give it to you ? '' 
 i smile , and look at the carpet and say the first lie i can conjure . 
 `` i was looking for a place to have a bachelorette party . 
 he said he knew this place . '' 
 the cop glances at my ring , and then at sean who has a stoic expression and does n't speak . 
 sean 's hands are in his pockets , as if he 's bored . 
 the two police officers look at one another , as if they know they 're missing something , but neither is sure what . 
 it seems like it lines up , thank god . 
 the last thing i need is for them to think i 'm lying . 
 sean finally lets out an irritated sound and says , `` gentlemen , can we please figure out who killed the woman in my room so i can get on with business ? '' 
 holy fuck , his voice is cold . 
 sean makes the woman 's death sound like an inconvenience on the same level as missing a train . 
 the words send a shiver down my spine . 
 sean tips his head toward me-bidding me good night-turns on his heel , and heads back to the room . 
 i watch him disappear behind the door , and pass that lifeless body . 
 he does n't flinch , or look down at her . 
 there 's no indication that he 's upset in any way , which is really disturbing . 
 the thing is , i know this is the way he acts when he has his guard up . 
 sean becomes a rock , this stoic man completely devoid of emotion . 
 it 's damning because he looks like a freaking sociopath . 
 at that moment , i wonder what 's really going through his mind , and if he 's angry , worried , or what . 
 that woman is dead . 
 someone killed her and i do n't think sean knows any more about it than i do . 
 my mouth feels like it has weights hanging from the corners , making me frown . 
 staring at her dead hand , i ask , `` who is she ? '' 
 my voice warbles slightly as my hand lifts to my heart . 
 i gawk at the sheet , thinking everything and nothing . 
 it 's one of those weird moments where so many thoughts and fears are rushing through my mind that i ca n't see any of them . 
 they 're a squall of storms , devastating and powerful , reminding me that life is fleeting , as if i did n't already know . 
 i ca n't help it , i start shaking . 
 my reaction is involuntary , and i have no idea how sean can compartmentalize so well that he could step over her without showing any concern . 
 i 'm all emotion , and the turmoil within me is gaining speed , ripping away the small fraction of control that remains . 
 my stomach twists and my throat constricts as the contents of my stomach threaten to come up . 
 i cover my mouth and look away as sweat beads across my forehead . 
 the detective swears , before saying , `` get her out of here before she 's sick . '' 
 the cop nods and takes my elbow , and turns me toward the elevators as his boss walks back toward sean . 
 there are more people in the room . 
 i hear their voices , but never saw their faces . 
 the elevator chimes and the doors slide open . 
 the cop walks me inside and tells me to hold the rail , before pressing the button for the lobby . 
 his dark gaze lifts and meets my pale , sweaty face . 
 he shoots me a look of pity and smiles . 
 `` do n't worry , miss . 
 it 's not someone you would know . 
 the woman was a prostitute . 
 go down to the bar and ask for a lemon . 
 suck on it and the queasy feeling will settle . '' 
 all i can do is nod . 
 the doors slip shut and i 'm alone . 
 chapter 2 time passes strangely in the next few moments . 
 it feels like i 'm in my body and watching from above at the same time . 
 my steps from the elevator feel heavy and light . 
 contradictions flood me and i have no idea why . 
 the cop 's words ring in my ear , his raspy , deep voice continues like a never ending echo . 
 `` the woman was a prostitute . '' 
 i hear the sound of my heels clicking on the marble floor and continue quickly toward the bar . 
 i do n't have any alcohol wipes in my purse and my throat is too tight . 
 add to that the torrent in my stomach and if i do n't get a lemon in the next two seconds , i 'm going to lose it . 
 the people around me register as noise . 
 i do n't know anyone , i do n't see anyone . 
 i 'm engulfed in my own personal hell that hovers around me like a cloud . 
 as i step into the bar , a hand lands on the crook of my arm and yanks . 
 my reaction is instant . 
 i whirl around with my fist already balled , throwing all my weight into the swing with my arm . 
 the man catches my fist in his palm and holds it for a second . 
 `` avery , calm down . 
 where the hell did you go ? 
 i need to get you out of here . '' 
 it 's gabe . 
 i ca n't calm down enough to let out a sigh of relief . 
 my entire body is strung tight and ready to pop . 
 i nod at him and he lowers my arm to my side . 
 `` come on . 
 back to black 's before this mess gets bigger . '' 
 i snap out of my stupor and shake my head . 
 `` no , i need to go here . '' 
 i hold up sean 's card and gabe plucks it from my fingers . 
 people move about us , murmuring about the dead woman in the ferro suite . 
 i hear their voices , and ca n't block them out . 
 `` the man is a monster . 
 they should just shoot him , '' one woman says sternly as she walks by in a hurry . 
 a man passing in the other direction is grinning deviously , `` that 's one way to get out of paying , huh ? 
 i always heard ferro was a cheap bastard . '' 
 the comments barrage me , and do n't stop . 
 each wave of insults is worse than the last . 
 they hate him-everyone thinks he did it and sean was n't even in the room . 
 my lips press together in a twitchy way as i regain my composure enough to act . 
 i spin on my heel to grab the a ** hole 's shoulder and tell him off , but gabe sees the movement and stops me before i have the chance . 
 his hands land on my waist and he yanks me away . 
 i want to turn and claw his face off . 
 i 'm fuming . 
 it feels like someone ripped me open from sternum to navel , and i ca n't tell if i want to fight back or lay down and cry . 
 `` stop it , miss stanz . 
 do not draw more attention to yourself . '' 
 gabe hisses in my ear . 
 `` i 'll take you to this place , if this is where you want to go , but we leave now . 
 no comments . 
 you do n't know a damn thing , and if you tackle someone , i swear to god that i 'll taser your ass and throw you in the trunk . 
 got it ? '' 
 the old guy is puffed up like he means business . 
 attacking a ** holes wo n't help sean , so i nod . 
 i did n't expect gabe to comply so easily , but i 'm not about to ask questions . 
 he releases me , i follow him out a side door , and we shove past a mob of people trying to get inside . 
 reporters look at us and some flashes go off , but then they realize that we 're nobodies and drop their cameras to their sides . 
 the chatter begins again and i hear more of the same . 
 they 're condemning sean and growing into a frenzy . 
 i hear someone say that amanda 's death was unnecessary and now this . 
 i turn and look at the guy . 
 we make eye contact , but gabe holds onto my arm and pulls me away . 
 i do n't speak , but i wonder-what kind of life would sean have had if amanda had n't killed herself and taken his only child ? 
 his personal hell is expanding , and this event will make it so much worse . 
 after gabe deposits me in the back seat , he jumps in the limo , and we 're off . 
 we make it through the brooklyn-battery tunnel and back onto long island quickly . 
 i stare out the window , watching lights blur by , lost in thought . 
 gabe finally speaks up , `` where were you ? '' 
 glancing up at the mirror , i look into his old eyes . 
 `` not in the room , if that 's what you 're asking . 
 i did n't do this and neither did sean . 
 we were in the restaurant . '' 
 he nods and grips the steering wheel tighter . 
 `` i noticed the rock on your finger . 
 people saw you two ? '' 
 `` yeah , they saw us . '' 
 my voice is soft and my shoulders finally relax . 
 i feel like a deflating balloon that was smacked too many times . 
 `` good , then this should n't lead back to black . '' 
 i glance up at him and know-call it a gut instinct-that he 's wrong . 
 this will lead back to miss black , and possibly everyone else . 
 my lips part as my gaze narrows . 
 the words do n't come out of my mouth , but he watches me . 
 the old guy sees everything and i 'm still an open book , unable to hide the thoughts rushing through my mind . 
 the worry line between his eyebrows deepens . 
 `` spit it out , kid . 
 you 're thinking something , and if it affects all of us , you have to spit it out . '' 
 i only say two words , but he knows what i mean . 
 `` the bracelet . '' 
 chapter 3 gabe swallows so hard that i can hear it from the back seat . 
 the man actually turns his head to look at me . 
 `` she crushed the black stone ? '' 
 after our eyes lock , both wide with worry , i nod once . 
 `` holy fuck . '' 
 gabe whips his head back around and accelerates , bobbing and weaving through traffic like his ass is on fire . 
 he grumbles things to himself , but he does n't turn back toward black 's . 
 instead , he keeps his word and drives me to the strip club on long island where i 'm supposed to meet sean later . 
 i slump back into the seat and think of the ramifications of the broken bead and why gabe did n't know it was crushed . 
 when i crushed the stone , he was there , smashing through the door and then promptly pummeling henry thomas into the floor . 
 my heart starts to race again . 
 i never thought of having a faulty transmitter in my bracelet . 
 is that what happened to mel ? 
 my god . 
 i ca n't imagine what would have happened if i crushed the stone and gabe did n't show up the night henry went nuts . 
 the thought sends a shiver down my spine and for once i keep my face expressionless as my mind drifts through the consequences . 
 if gabe did n't show up and i was on my own , what would i do ? 
 the thought never occurred to me . 
 i had this sense of security , that if anything went screwy all i had to do was crush that stone and help would arrive . 
 it never felt like i was on my own , left to my own devices to defend myself , but it seems like that 's exactly what happened to mel . 
 what would mel do if help did n't come ? 
 she held her own on the streets long before i ever met her . 
 the attitude she projects says do n't screw with me , so i ca n't imagine who would-or why . 
 it makes no sense . 
 when sean and i left , mel was ordering a buffet from the room service menu . 
 how 'd she go from pigging out to fleeing , leaving behind a dead body on the floor ? 
 i see the lifeless curled fingers poking out from under the sheet in my mind . 
 i remember the massive amount of blood that soaked into the carpet around her . 
 what happened ? 
 better yet , who was she ? 
 why was she there and who killed her ? 
 ` fuck ' is the right expression . 
 we 're all screwed if this gets traced back to black . 
 i glance up at gabe and try to keep my thoughts off my face . 
 `` why did n't her transmitter work ? '' 
 gabe 's jaw is locked tight as he shifts his lower jaw from side to side . 
 he 's livid , but i 'm not certain of the reason . 
 it could be fear of exposure or something worse . 
 god , what could be worse ? 
 he lets out a huff of air and inhales again before looking in the mirror at me . 
 `` no clue . '' 
 that 's all he says before locking his jaw again . 
 the hairs on the back of my neck prickle as he looks away . 
 it 's an ominous feeling and i know he 's lying to me . 
 there 's more going on than i 'm aware of , a lot more . 
 we exit the expressway and drive down some side streets until we stop in front of a shack . 
 okay , calling the strip club a shack is kind . 
 it 's just scary looking , complete with a neglected facade and a decaying parking lot that 's turning to dust . 
 gabe 's expression changes into a look of concern . 
 `` you sure this is where mr. ferro wanted you to go ? '' 
 i nod , gaping at the building with the same dumbfounded expression . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` it looks like the place is closed . '' 
 yeah , it does . 
 there are only a few cars in the parking lot and the sign on the door is flipped to closed . 
 what the hell is sean thinking ? 
 there 's only one way to find out . 
 i move before gabe snaps out of it , and open my door . 
 my heels hit the gravel and i nearly twist my ankle , but i recover and straighten . 
 gabe rushes toward me , and closes my door . 
 we both stand there , shoulder to shoulder , and stare at the old building . 
 `` i think i should walk you inside . '' 
 i think that he should , too . 
 honestly , the place creeps the crackers out of me , but sean would n't have sent me here if it was n't safe . 
 my gaze drifts to the ring on my finger , and i know without a doubt that sean asked me to come here to keep me safe . 
 although i want gabe to walk me in , i do n't know what secrets sean has hidden here and i do n't want to cause more trouble . 
 `` it 's okay , i 'll be fine . 
 you can go back to black 's . '' 
 the old guy eyes me like i have a spine of steel and nods . 
 he scratches his scruffy cheek and looks at the car . 
 `` i 'll tell black that i did n't find you-that you were already gone . '' 
 `` but what about the bracelet ? '' 
 she 'll see that i was in the limo . 
 he shrugs . 
 `` i 'll make something up . '' 
 i reach toward him and squeeze his forearm . 
 it 's the closest thing to a hug that i can offer without him taking my head off . 
 well , not that i think gabe would hurt me , but i want to reassure him in some way and it seems like the right gesture . 
 `` be careful . 
 i do n't know what 's going on , but this feels wrong . '' 
 gabe glances at my hand and then up at my face . 
 he has the perpetual frown he always wears and pats the top of my hand . 
 `` trust your gut , kid . '' 
 that 's all he says before turning away . 
 he does n't wait for me to go inside before driving away . 
 i watch the red tail lights disappear down the street and stand there , alone , staring at the door to the strip club . 
 i better head inside and find out why sean sent me here . 
 chapter 4 my heart pounds a little faster as i cross the parking lot . 
 the wind rustles the barren branches of the trees at the back of the building , making me look in the shadows for ominous figures . 
 i 'd planned on going inside and sitting in the back , blending in amongst the other patrons as much as possible , and waiting for sean . 
 it 's late and the place is empty , closed , so that plan 's tossed . 
 when i walk inside , assuming the door is unlocked , everyone is going to look at me and wonder what the hell i 'm doing here . 
 i need to grow some balls . 
 i swear , it seems like everything scares me lately . 
 before i reach the door , my phone buzzes . 
 i glance at the screen . 
 it 's mel . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 i snap before she has a chance to say anything else . 
 `` driving in circles . 
 where are you ? '' 
 mel 's voice does n't have the cool composure that she 's known for , which worries me . 
 i tell her where i am . 
 `` get your ass out here now . '' 
 mel agrees and the line goes dead . 
 pressing my fingers to my temples , i try to fight off the compulsion to bang my head into the wall . 
 fuck it . 
 i bang my forehead against the door and let the cold metal freeze my brain . 
 what have i done ? 
 how did i get mixed up with all this shit ? 
 i 'm enough of an emotional basket-case without dead bodies . 
 i shut my eyes and take a deep breath , intending to steady myself to push open the door and waltz inside like i belong in this place , but that does n't happen . 
 within a moment of resting my head on the door , it 's yanked open and i fall forward . 
 my body slams into some guy . 
 strong arms catch me and for a second all i can see is a dark dress shirt with the top buttons undone , and a silver ring hanging around his neck . 
 the guy straightens me up , holding me by my shoulders . 
 his lips twist into a sexy smirk . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 i finally get a look at his face and freeze . 
 holy shit , is that trystan scott ? 
 the guy is a legend . 
 he 's the biggest rock star around , and the guy is standing in front of me . 
 my eyes widen and i manage to blink once . 
 it ca n't be him . 
 no way . 
 this has to be a double , or some sort of impersonator , for the club . 
 a dorky smile crosses my mouth and i tuck my hair behind my ear . 
 `` yeah , i 'm fine . 
 sean ferro told me to come out here - '' the guy 's smile vanishes and he looks me over again . 
 `` you know sean ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` and you willingly came here to see him ? '' 
 he glances past me like there might be a militia hidden in the parking lot , holding me here at gunpoint . 
 i nearly laugh . 
 he knows sean , that much is certain , because he does n't like him at all . 
 i poke the guy in the chest and get in his face . 
 today 's been too long to deal with this twerp . 
 `` listen , trystan impersonator , i do n't have to tell you a damn thing . 
 now let me inside before i get mugged and sean kills you and buries you out back . '' 
 the smirk returns , but brighter this time . 
 he 's trying not to laugh . 
 `` uh , yeah , first things first-i 'm not afraid of sean ferro , and second-i am trystan scott . '' 
 he glances down at my finger , which is still pressed into his chest , like i intend on kicking his ass myself , before looking back up into my face . 
 a stupid expression is frozen on my lips and suddenly i ca n't speak . 
 my eyes slowly widen as i recognize the dimples , the scar , and the distinct traits of the rock star . 
 his father beat the shit out of him when he was younger and the proof is forever on his skin . 
 i 'm caught between looking like an a ** hole and a crazy woman . 
 fuck . 
 i need to pick one and just go with it . 
 i drop my finger and place my hands on my h * ps and tilt my head at him . 
 `` why would sean send me to you , if you hate him ? '' 
 trystan shrugs-i ca n't believe it 's really him . 
 this is totally weird . 
 `` no idea . 
 he does a lot of illogical shit that only makes sense in his twisted mind . '' 
 he lets his eyes rove over me once and spots the ring on my finger . 
 his jaw drops as he points toward my hand . 
 `` no f ** king way . 
 is that from ferro ? '' 
 now i feel nak * d . 
 the way this guy looks at me , with such utter amazement , is unsettling . 
 i cover my engagement ring with my hand . 
 `` yes . '' 
 something shifts and the amused smile returns . 
 `` now you have to come in . '' 
 i glance up at him and wonder what made him drop his guard , but he clearly has . 
 instead of being suspicious of me , he seems to like me . 
 the change happened in a snap . 
 `` i do n't get it . '' 
 looking into those icy blue eyes , i can see that trystan knows what i 'm asking . 
 `` anyone that is capable of taming sean ferro is a force to behold . 
 you 've captured my attention , future-mrs . 
 ferro , which is difficult to do . '' 
 trystan pushes the door open , extending his arm , and ushers me inside . 
 chapter 5 the interior is as dreary as the outside . 
 trystan has an amazed look on his face and occasionally glances at me out of the corner of his eye . 
 i spot someone-a woman with long hair-sitting at a table alone in front of the stage . 
 her back is curved and she 's leaning heavily on her elbows . 
 trystan walks directly toward her . 
 `` hey , sidney , look who i found on the front porch-the future mrs. sean ferro . '' 
 he grins at me and throws himself into a seat across from the woman . 
 it 's not until she turns around that i recognize her . 
 some of the anguish in my chest dissipates and i rush at her with a huge smile . 
 `` oh my god ! 
 it 's you ! '' 
 sidney laughs and hugs me back . 
 `` avery , it 's so good to see you ! '' 
 `` awh , a reunion . 
 if i 'd known , i would have brought dip . '' 
 trystan leans back in his chair and kicks his feet up onto the table . 
 he 's wearing an old pair of black chucks . 
 blue argyle socks peek out from beneath his dark jeans . 
 the hem is shredded in places , along with one of the knees . 
 that silver ring around his neck is out of sight , but the chain is still visible . 
 sidney snaps at him as she releases me . 
 `` shut up , trystan . 
 anyone that 's had to put up with sean - '' he drops his feet to the ground , leans forward and grabs my hand , thrusting it toward sidney so she can see my ring . 
 `` no , not put up , tamed-this chick tamed the jackass known as sean ferro . '' 
 sidney 's jaw drops and she takes my hand from trystan and then looks up into my face . 
 `` oh my god ! 
 he asked you to marry him ? '' 
 i ca n't help it . 
 for a moment , i forget about all the horrible things that have happened and smile at her . 
 `` yes , he did . '' 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` tonight . '' 
 sidney squeals and jumps up and down . 
 since she 's holding my hand , i jump with her . 
 trystan has his arms folded over his chest and watches us . 
 there 's no one else around , but i hear voices . 
 i glance about and ask her , `` why are you here ? '' 
 `` because peter 's here . 
 his brother bought this place and should n't have-at least that 's what pete said-so sean did something to make it like it never happened . 
 jonathan just has to sign some papers , but he does n't want to . '' 
 we step apart and i look over at trystan , not understanding why he 's here . 
 he leans his chair back on two legs and raises a finger , `` best friend of the accused . 
 and for the record , i think jon should do whatever the f ** k he wants . 
 god knows sean does . '' 
 `` so , you know sean ? '' 
 i ask . 
 from the way trystan speaks , it sounds like they 've met more than once . 
 he glances up at me from under those dark eyebrows and nods . 
 `` yup . 
 he hates my guts . '' 
 my lips part to say that ca n't possibly be true , but trystan smiles and shakes his head , making his long , dark hair fall in his eyes . 
 he pushes it back and lets the legs of his chair slam down . 
 `` it 's okay , the feeling is mutual . 
 you do n't have to apologize for him . 
 it 's just the way things are , besides , you impressed the hell out of me . 
 anyone that can domesticate sean ferro deserves a statue and a holiday named after them . '' 
 trystan jumps up and crosses the room to the bar , grabbing shot glasses , and a bottle of amber liquid . 
 he walks it over to our table and sets it down . 
 `` let 's celebrate . '' 
 sidney looks back at the closed door at the back of the room . 
 `` but , they could be done at any moment . '' 
 trystan shakes his head . 
 `` nah , they 're going to be in there for a while . 
 cassie 's back there , and there 's no way in hell that jon is going to sign the papers . 
 i 'll be shocked if he caves in , especially in front of her . 
 it 's going to be a long night . 
 drink up . '' 
 trystan pours three shots and slides glasses towards sidney and me . 
 `` to the impossible . '' 
 he holds up his drink , waiting for us to clink his glass . 
 fuck it . 
 god knows i could use a drink . 
 my nerves are frayed beyond belief and if i think too much , i 'm going to turn into a weeping mess . 
 i pluck the glass from the table and look over at sidney , knowing that she does n't drink very much . 
 `` knock it back fast . '' 
 sidney sucks in way too much air , and lifts the glass . 
 she 's nervous . 
 the three of us tap our shot glasses together and throw back the liquor . 
 trystan acts like it 's water and gulps it , expressionless . 
 my nose scrunches up as the liquor burns its way down my throat , and poor sidney does n't slam it back fast enough . 
 the alcohol must have grabbed her tonsils , because she makes the most god-awful face and chokes , but somehow the little cup is empty . 
 she hacks up a lung as i pat her back . 
 when sidney looks up at me , she 's laughing . 
 `` yeah , i tried to sip it . '' 
 the way she acts brings back memories of the first time i met her . 
 there 's something about peter 's fiancee that is so sweet and innocent . 
 i envy her in that moment and assume she 's had an easy life , but the thought stumbles . 
 there 's been something dark there , too-a reason why peter asked sean for help , and it had something to do with sidney . 
 trystan pushes his hair out of his face and pours another round . 
 `` you guys are going to be sisters-in-law , which makes me your new best-friend-in-law . '' 
 he glances at me and pushes my drink my way , as his lips take on the amused smirk that he wore at the door . 
 `` so , tell me , how 'd you get sean ferro wrapped around your little finger ? '' 
 that 's when things start to get interesting . 
 chapter 6 i do n't plan on telling trystan my occupation , but nothing goes as planned tonight . 
 we sit around the table and talk about everything and anything . 
 it 's strange , i barely know these people , but it does n't feel that way . 
 i slump back into my chair and stare at the stage with another drink in my hand . 
 `` why would sean 's little brother buy this place ? '' 
 trystan is leaning back on his chair , with his feet on the table again , staring at the bottom of an empty glass . 
 the corner of his mouth tugs up on one side , reminding me of a kid with a kaleidoscope . 
 `` why does any guy do something stupid ? '' 
 `` for a woman . '' 
 sidney dips her finger into her drink and lets the drop fall on her tongue before making a face . 
 trystan nods at her . 
 `` damn right , but i worry about him . 
 this is the girl that tore jon to shreds and he 's risking everything for her . 
 she seems sincere enough , but he thought she was the real deal last time too . 
 it 's difficult to tell who 's a friend these days . '' 
 his voice sounds hollow , like he 's completely alone . 
 i ca n't help it , i stare at him . 
 the lost look in his eyes evaporates and he flashes a smile my way . 
 `` oh , come on , avery . 
 you are n't that naive . 
 you have to know that people have ulterior motives . 
 not everyone is good and kind . 
 if you thought that about sean , you 'd be in a ditch somewhere . '' 
 `` hey , he 's not like that , '' i bite back before giving my words any thought . 
 `` besides , being jaded is just as bad as being naive . 
 they 're opposite sides of the same coin . 
 they both mess with your perception of reality and you lose something , some part of yourself that 's necessary . '' 
 well , damn . 
 listen to me being all philosophical when i 'm half drunk . 
 who knew ? 
 i did n't even slur any words . 
 an odd expression crosses his face and he puts the glass down . 
 trystan 's chair remains tipped back and he tilts his head to the side like he has underestimated me . 
 his lips part like he 's going to say something , but he does n't . 
 instead , those dark lashes lower and he looks to the side . 
 i know that expression . 
 i 've conjured a ghost , i 'm reminding him of someone , of something that somebody who 's no longer here has told him . 
 trystan lets his chair slam down onto all four legs and leans in . 
 he 's close enough to me that sean will rip his head off if he walks in now , especially because of the hostility between these two men . 
 `` it 's not necessary , and the coin ca n't stay on its side forever . 
 at some point it falls , and i 'd rather be cynical than naive any day of the week . '' 
 i laugh in his face . 
 `` you think i 'm naive ? 
 are you mental ? 
 i 'm a goddamn call girl , my parents are dead , and i 'm engaged to sean ferro . 
 there are no butterflies and unicorns in my hair , no ever-present smile on my face , so what makes you think you have the faintest idea of who i am and what i 'm capable of ? '' 
 our eyes are locked , and i refuse to break the stare first . 
 he does n't know me , and that arrogance-the way he assumes i 'm some spoiled brat that does n't know shit-is just wrong . 
 `` i 'm not some rich brat from long island . 
 you might think you know me , but you do n't . 
 you do n't have the slightest clue what i 've lived through , but i know what you 've been through . 
 i know that look on your face , i know we 've been in the same depths of hell . 
 the difference between us is that i refuse to give up and you already have . '' 
 for some unknown reason i purse my lips and blow a puff of air in his face . 
 trystan flinches and backs up . 
 his mouth is pressed into a firm line and i know he wants to tell me off , but something holds him back . 
 the guy says nothing . 
 instead , he gets up and moves to another chair and throws himself into it so one leg is hanging off the side without giving me a second glance . 
 damn , maybe i should n't have said that , but any guy whose constructed walls that thick has something going on . 
 behind all those suave smiles is a broken man . 
 it 's impossible to miss because we 're the same , him and me . 
 no wonder he does n't get along with sean . 
 it must be like looking in the mirror . 
 sidney watches the exchange in uncomfortable silence . 
 when trystan walks away , and his back is to me , i go to stand-to say something else-apologize maybe-but sidney touches my arm and stops me . 
 when i glance over at her , she shakes her head , and then changes the topic of conversation . 
 `` so , have you ever stripped ? '' 
 chapter 7 i glance at her out of the corner of my eye and smirk . 
 `` yeah , it kind of goes with the occupation . 
 have you ? '' 
 i feel trystan look up at me , but he does n't say anything . 
 sidney blushes furiously and tries to hide her face . 
 i laugh and bump her shoulder lightly . 
 `` i have an idea , come on . '' 
 i stand and grab her wrist . 
 sidney squeals as i pull her to the back , `` what are we doing ? '' 
 `` looking for the dressing rooms . '' 
 `` they 're back there , '' she points down a hallway , and i pull her along with me . 
 `` avery , what are we doing ? '' 
 `` we 're going to strip . 
 what else ? '' 
 okay , i might be a little more than tipsy because that came out totally wrong . 
 sidney jerks her wrist away . 
 `` i 'm not stripping in front of trystan ! '' 
 `` that 's not what i meant ! '' 
 for some reason i start laughing because it seems really funny . 
 i can picture myself on the stage and sean walking in . 
 i think he 'd kill everyone . 
 when i manage to get control of myself again , i put my hand on her shoulder . 
 `` no , let 's just grab some of their stuff and dance on the stage . 
 it 'll be fun , and i think we both need some fun . '' 
 we find a dressing room and put on men 's shirts and denim short shorts . 
 i grab a top hat and sidney grabs a feather boa . 
 we head to the stage from behind the curtain and sidney is laughing way too much . 
 her face is still bright crimson and she 's muttering the same words over and over again . 
 `` i ca n't believe i 'm doing this . '' 
 when we step out onto the stage , i raise my voice . 
 `` hey , trystan , hit the lights . '' 
 i hear him grumble , but the guy moves . 
 a few seconds later some of the stage lights pop up so it 's not pitch black , and then a spot light appears . 
 it 's so bright that i have to shield my eyes if i want to look for trystan out there . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 no one answers . 
 great , now he hates me , too . 
 `` he 'll come around , '' sidney says , reading my thoughts . 
 i turn and look at her , offering a half smile . 
 i glance at our outfits . 
 the large men 's shirts cover the short shorts . 
 i unbutton the bottom of my shirt and tie it under my boobs and tell sidney to do the same . 
 i expect her to protest , but she does n't . 
 music kicks on from somewhere and i smile . 
 sidney and i dance together for a little bit . 
 she 's laughing and blushing like crazy . 
 i tell her to slow down her moves and suddenly she 's dancing like a goddess . 
 it 's awesome . 
 the girl has no clue how sexy she is . 
 add the huge smile on her face and that long hair and no wonder peter is crazy about her . 
 i stand there for a second , watching her dip her head back and sway her hips . 
 she giggles and looks over at me . 
 `` i suck at this . '' 
 `` no , you do n't . 
 you 're actually really good . '' 
 i laugh with her and say , `` watch this . '' 
 i head over to the pole and basically do the same dance . 
 i feel the music pulse through me and do n't care who 's watching me . 
 glancing over at sidney , i see her swish her hair in a circle and copy the movement with her hips . 
 she laughs and looks over at me just in time to see me grab the pole , and kick my legs up . 
 i wrap my thighs around the cold metal and lock my ankles together , before releasing my hands , and hanging upside down . 
 as i slowly slip down the pole i reach for the floor , and when my palms find a firm footing , i kick off the pole and land on my feet . 
 i put my hands over my head like a gymnast and smile . 
 that 's when i hear mel 's voice . 
 `` i leave you alone for a couple of hours and you start stripping ? '' 
 i hear her heels hitting the hard floor as she walks toward us . 
 `` what the f ** k is going on here ? '' 
 `` mel ? '' 
 i shield my eyes and walk to the edge of the stage . 
 sidney stops dancing and trystan stands up , ready to throw her out . 
 i hop off and plow into her . 
 wrapping my arms around her , i say , `` i 'm so glad you 're all right . 
 i thought you - '' my jaw tightens and i ca n't say the words . 
 i ca n't tell her that i thought i lost her . 
 `` who is this ? '' 
 trystan demands . 
 he folds his arms over his chest and looks back at the door where the others are still talking , and occasionally yelling . 
 mel escapes my death hug and rounds on him , ready to tell him off . 
 `` do n't you go talking to me like i 'm some ... '' her jaw drops when she sees trystan . 
 mel 's caramel eyes widen and do n't blink . 
 i poke her shoulder . 
 `` mel , this is trystan . 
 he hates sean . '' 
 `` so do i , '' she mutters . 
 i say , `` yeah , well , then you guys have something in common . '' 
 trystan smirks , and then clarifies . 
 `` why is she here ? '' 
 `` because i told her to come . '' 
 trystan sighs and looks up at the ceiling before running his hands over his head . 
 `` great . 
 jon 's going to kill me . 
 no one is supposed to be out here but me and sidney , and i told his bouncer to go home . 
 i assume sean 's coming ? '' 
 trystan turns his gaze to me and i nod . 
 `` great . '' 
 he turns and walks away , flopping back down onto the chair . 
 mel is gaping and pointing . 
 `` that 's trystan scott . '' 
 `` i know . 
 are you all right ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 she does n't look at me . 
 `` that 's trystan scott . 
 like , thee trystan scott . 
 here . '' 
 oh my god . 
 how cute . 
 mel is star stuck . 
 she stands there like a twelve-year-old , practically giddy . 
 i look her over and do n't see any gaping wounds . 
 there 's no blood , and her brain has obviously left her body . 
 `` listen , tonight kind of sucked . 
 grab a drink and join us on stage when you get over your whole boy band crush . '' 
 `` i 'm not a boy band . '' 
 trystan glares at me with his mouth scrunched to the side . 
 i smirk . 
 `` of course not . '' 
 trystan 's lips twitch as he tries not to smile , or curse me out-it 's getting hard to tell which one . 
 i walk over to our table and pour another shot for each of us , before walking it over to him . 
 his long legs are sprawled over the arm of the chair like a surly teenager . 
 i hold out the glass . 
 his dark eyes stare at the drink for a beat too long , but he finally takes it . 
 `` just for the record , '' he says , staring at the floor , `` i admire you . '' 
 his gaze flicks up and he lifts his glass . 
 what changed ? 
 i 'm not about to ruin it and ask him . 
 maybe he has rock star pms . 
 `` well , coolness . '' 
 i smile at him , sincerely this time , and look at my shot glass . 
 `` and just for the record , i 'm a total fangirl . 
 your music is awesome , plus you have guts . 
 so , i guess i admire you , too . '' 
 i lift my face so he 's looking right at me . 
 `` truce ? 
 or is it too late ? '' 
 i hold out my hand , hoping he 'll shake it . 
 that smirk teases his lips into a full grin . 
 `` i could n't hate the future mrs. ferro , not when it 'll piss off sean to know exactly how much i like you . '' 
 he laughs , clinks his glass to mine , and downs his drink . 
 i do the same and head back to the stage . 
 as i pass mel , she 's still staring at trystan , muttering to herself . 
 `` well , do n't just stand there , go say hi . '' 
 i smack her back towards him . 
 mel walks over to him like he 's made of magic , as if the illusion will disappear if she moves too fast . 
 her voice is uncharacteristically soft . 
 `` oh my god-it 's trystan scott . '' 
 chapter 8 sidney and i are laughing hysterically , dancing on the stage , each of us with a drink in hand , when i feel eyes on us . 
 mel 's been blabbering at trystan for the past half an hour , going on and on , rambling and poking him like he 's a mirage . 
 it 's kind of funny . 
 nothing fazes her , but put a rock star in the room and she 's gone brain dead . 
 trystan takes it well enough . 
 he just laughs and pats the arm of the chair and tells her to sit . 
 then , two things happen at the same time . 
 mel 's spine straightens-i see her out of the corner of my eye-she 's a curve of shadow . 
 and then , the rigidness turns to mush and she falls . 
 i stop dancing and stare past her-there are also more shadows moving in the back of the room-people that i did n't see before . 
 trystan scoops up mel and sets her down in his chair . 
 `` avery , your friend did n't even drink anything . '' 
 he looks up at me and then at the back of the room . 
 `` hey , guys . '' 
 even with my hand shading my eyes , i ca n't see who 's back there , not past the glare of the spotlight . 
 `` avery ? '' 
 a familiar voice asks , walking toward me . 
 `` what on earth have you done to sidney ? '' 
 peter ferro , uh granz , walks toward me quickly . 
 i lower myself and hang my legs off the side of the stage . 
 the room tips a little bit and i blink hard . 
 peter seems tense , and in that moment he reminds me of sean . 
 damn , it 's late . 
 when is sean going to get here ? 
 `` nothing , '' i reply . 
 `` she asked about stripping , so we 've been dancing . '' 
 i grin broadly at him . 
 `` ask her to show you what she can do with the pole . '' 
 sidney giggles and nearly doubles over . 
 peter looks up at her . 
 `` is she drunk ? '' 
 peter 's head snaps back toward trystan with a pissed off glare and he could easily double as sean in that moment . 
 trystan is fanning mel , trying to get her to wake up . 
 `` do n't look at me . 
 they 're the ones that swallowed . '' 
 all of a sudden , sidney starts laughing . 
 it 's way too loud , and she realizes that no one else thought the line was dirty , so she slaps her hands over her mouth and cuts off the sound . 
 peter rubs the heels of his hands over his eyes and sighs . 
 i feel sheepish . 
 `` i 'm sorry , peter . '' 
 `` it 's not your fault . '' 
 he smiles up at his bride-to-be . 
 `` come on , cupcake . 
 let 's take you home . '' 
 peter holds up a hand , and sidney walks over to the edge of the stage . 
 the way she looks at him is the perfect combination of lust and adoration . 
 the emotion is so raw , so intense , that i avert my eyes and look at the floor . 
 peter 's wearing saddle shoes , black on brown , and vintage from the look of them . 
 she sits next to me , and then peter reaches up for her . 
 she slips into his arms and he holds her like that , and walks to the door , whispering things that make sidney giggle softly . 
 my head tilts to the side and i 'm repressing the urge to say , awh . 
 there 's a sweet smile on my face as the rest of the people come into view . 
 one guy is tall and built , with dark hair , and bright green eyes . 
 there 's a wicked grin on his face as his eyes travel over my body . 
 `` hey , stripper girl . 
 i have some ones . 
 wan na have a fun time ? '' 
 the guy that 's with him slaps green eyes in the back of the head . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` sean will kill you . '' 
 as the man steps toward me , i see the resemblance . 
 the dark ferro hair and bright blue eyes , the lopsided grin , and perfectly smooth skin . 
 he looks like a younger version of sean . 
 `` i 'm jonathan ferro . 
 this a ** hole is my cousin , bryan . '' 
 he jabs his thumb at him . 
 there 's a girl behind him wearing a blazer and a blanket and not much else . 
 she wo n't meet my gaze . 
 `` i 'm avery stanz . 
 i 'm - '' `` she 's my fiancee . '' 
 sean 's voice booms from the back of the room . 
 no one heard him come in , but everyone turns to look at him . 
 chapter 9 i slip off the stage and rush at him , darting around empty chairs and tables . 
 the strain on his face is horrible . 
 i ca n't imagine what he 's been through tonight , what horrors came flashing to the front of his mind . 
 without a word , i fling my arms around his neck while the others gasp and whisper . 
 i kiss his cheek and plaster my palms to the sides of his face , forcing him to turn his tired eyes on me . 
 `` are you all right ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 there are dark circles under his eyes and the tension in his neck and shoulders makes his body feel like stone . 
 leaning in close to my ear , he whispers , `` not now . '' 
 i stay there like that for a second , and then peel myself off of him even though every urge i have says to hang on tight and never let go . 
 sean walks past me and glares at his brother . 
 `` well ? '' 
 jon steps up to him . 
 damn they look alike , but jonathan does n't have the fine lines etched into his face . 
 `` sean , this is n't your concern . '' 
 `` i see . 
 so , you 're going to piss away your future . 
 good plan . '' 
 jonathan stiffens and gets in sean 's face . 
 `` since when do you care ? '' 
 sean laughs , but it sounds more like jonathan shoved a stake through his heart . 
 sean does n't reply this time . 
 instead , he shakes his head and turns away , taking me by the hand and leading me backstage . 
 he yells over his shoulder , `` your decisions are as abysmal as the company you keep . '' 
 someone yells something back , but their words do n't carry . 
 sean 's jaw is locked tight and he 's barely breathing . 
 once we 're back in the dressing rooms , he sits me down in a chair , kneels in front of me , and looks me over . 
 `` are you hurt ? '' 
 placing my hands on his shoulders , i shake my head . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 are you all right ? 
 what happened ? 
 i was so worried about you . '' 
 `` did they mistreat you ? '' 
 at first i 'm not sure who he means , but then i guess he 's talking about trystan , jonathan , and bryan . 
 touching his hand , i smile at him . 
 `` no , of course not . 
 trystan was actually very nice to me , so was your brother-both of them . '' 
 `` pete was here ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` so was sidney . 
 i 'm fine , sean . 
 mel 's fine , except for the passing out part . '' 
 `` is she drunk ? '' 
 `` nah , she 's got the hots for trystan . '' 
 i laugh once and smile at him , pushing a lock of dark hair away from his eyes . 
 `` he talked to her and she fainted . '' 
 that makes him grimace . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 `` yeah , apparently she 's got a weakness . '' 
 sean nods thoughtfully and then looks up at me . 
 our eyes lock and i ca n't help but notice the massive amount of worry in his . 
 `` thank god that 's her only weakness . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i have to tell you something . '' 
 his voice sounds like he does n't want to tell me at all . 
 `` the police know the woman found in my room was a call girl , and that she was killed with a knife-one stab in her side , and then another , fatal , slash across her throat . '' 
 sean 's voice is so still and devoid of emotion . 
 i know what he 's trying to tell me , what he means , but i do n't want to admit it . 
 shaking my head slowly , tears form in my eyes . 
 `` no , she could n't have-she did n't ... '' `` she did , baby . '' 
 my breath catches in my throat and i lean into his shoulder as the tears start to fall . 
 `` mel killed that woman and we need to find out why . '' 
 chapter 10 sean and i stay like that for what seems like hours . 
 his hands run down the back of my head and smoothes my hair as he whispers soothing words into my ear . 
 at first i 'm not sure why i 'm crying , but then the images float through my mind and i know . 
 after everything mel 's been through-after fighting tooth and nail to climb out of the slum she grew up in , getting that scholarship , selling her body to pay the bills-it was all for nothing . 
 she 's back where she started . 
 if the cops catch her , there 's no way they 're going to call it self-defense , not with the wounds mel inflicted . 
 the thought makes me cringe even more . 
 what would make her so frightened that she 'd respond that way ? 
 she had to realize that she was giving up everything the moment she drew the blade across the woman 's throat . 
 i close my eyes and hold onto sean tighter . 
 `` do they think you did it ? '' 
 i ask the question that i 've been dreading . 
 everyone hates him , even his own family seems to have a distaste for sean , but i ca n't see why . 
 jonathan stormed off , but from the look of things sean was trying to help him , the same way he helped peter . 
 why ca n't jonathan see that ? 
 there are more things at play in the ferro family than i can see , issues that lay far beneath the surface . 
 even peter , who for all practical purposes seems normal , is far from it . 
 what the hell happened to them ? 
 sean 's chest rises and falls in a steady motion as he holds me close . 
 his voice is soft and strained . 
 he kisses the top of my head . 
 `` you do n't need to worry about me . '' 
 fuck . 
 `` so they did n't clear you ? 
 they think you 're a suspect ? '' 
 pulling back , i look up into his tired eyes . 
 `` how ? 
 you were with me the entire time . '' 
 sean presses his eyes closed and steps away , turning his back to me as if he 's trying to hide the fact that he 's losing his composure . 
 `` sean , talk to me . '' 
 i reach for his shoulder and touch it gently . 
 he does n't shake me off , but he does n't turn . 
 sean runs his hands over his face and speaks softly , making sure no one else could possibly hear . 
 `` i 'm not a suspect , not yet , but close enough and it 's because of amanda . '' 
 a chill runs through me and settles in my stomach . 
 the sensation is so horrible that i want to cry and i know that it 's only a fraction of the emotion surging through sean . 
 i do n't wait for him to look at me . 
 instead , i step around and look into his face . 
 there 's a glassy sheen on his eyes and he evades my gaze . 
 i say what i know , the thing that no one else realizes and the one thing that sean is desperate to forget . 
 `` you 're a good man , sean . 
 no matter what they say , no matter what they see . '' 
 i touch his cheek and smile warmly at him . 
 `` you hide it so well that even you forget at times . '' 
 he touches my hand , smoothing his fingers over the back of it . 
 `` you scare me more than anything i 've ever encountered , and at the same time , i love you for it . 
 you see through me , avery stanz , down to my mangled soul , and you stay . 
 every time , you stay . '' 
 sean 's voice is uncharacteristically soft and he closes his eyes for a moment , and presses my hand more firmly to his cheek . 
 i do n't worry about shattering the moment this time . 
 i 'm sure of myself-and even more certain of us . 
 i know what he needs , but i ca n't give it to him here , so i take his hands and pull him to a clearing backstage . 
 sean follows without protest . 
 when i stop , i take his hands and slip them around my waist and place my hands around his neck . 
 we dance slowly , saying nothing , until sean bows his head and rests it on my shoulder . 
 we stay like that for a long time , occasionally stepping as if we 're still dancing . 
 it does n't escape me that sean is letting me comfort him . 
 he 's given up control for the moment and is relying on me to hold him together . 
 this is so unlike him that it worries me . 
 i do n't know if he 's growing emotionally or falling apart . 
 sometimes those things look identical . 
 a flicker of movement catches my eye when one of the curtains across from us stirs . 
 i lift my gaze and see jonathan standing there in the shadows , watching . 
 our eyes meet and i mentally beg him to leave sean for the moment . 
 i ca n't stand to see him hurting any more right now , because it does n't matter what jonathan thinks-sean cares about him . 
 the man would do anything for his brothers , i 'm certain of it . 
 the anger melts off of jonathan 's face and he stands there a beat longer than he should , almost shocked . 
 his lips part slightly and his hands , which were fisted , unclench and linger at his sides . 
 has he never seen his brother hurting before ? 
 sean the invincible is weakened at the moment , no doubt reliving the hellish night his wife took her life . 
 maybe the embrace , and the way he hangs his head , makes sean seem more human , i do n't know , but whatever the reason , jonathan shrinks back into the shadows and disappears without a sound . 
 no one else comes looking for us either . 
 we stay like that for a long time , and do n't break apart until we 're ready to face whatever comes next , even though i do n't think i 'll ever be ready . 
 chapter 11 mel . 
 this whole goddamn mess stems back to her and i need to find out what happened . 
 i 'd assumed she was n't in the room after i found out that it was n't her dead body under the sheet . 
 there was no blood on her clothes and no indication that she 'd done anything wrong . 
 it seemed like mel left the hotel when she found out what happened , the same way i did . 
 if one of us gets caught and it gets back to black , we 're all screwed . 
 i do n't want to believe that my best friend killed someone , but this is mel we 're talking about . 
 i 've seen her threaten people with knives and so it 's no shock she used one on somebody . 
 actually , i was under the impression that she 'd cut someone up in the past for messing with her , but that was a past life , way before i met her . 
 the question that 's swirling in the back of my mind is why did n't she run ? 
 even after stabbing the woman , she stayed and slit her throat . 
 why kill her ? 
 self-defense is understandable and forgivable-this is n't . 
 mel 's ruined her life , everything that she was running away from has come back in full force . 
 she 'll never finish college or have a career . 
 she threw away her entire future and i do n't understand why . 
 sean agrees to find the bar and give me and mel some space . 
 i walk through the worn curtain and wander toward the stairs that lead off the stage . 
 mel is awake and talking to trystan who seems to be a night owl . 
 does anyone sleep anymore ? 
 i feel like a zombie . 
 i 've been running on fumes for hours and i 'm pretty sure i 'll trip and smear my face on the floor in the next hour . 
 mel is sitting in a chair across from trystan . 
 she glances up and beams at me , before lifting a finger toward trystan . 
 `` it 's really him . '' 
 i ca n't help it , i laugh . 
 `` i know . 
 he caught me outside . 
 i pretty much fell on him . '' 
 `` you did fall on me , not that i minded . '' 
 trystan sits up slightly and glances around . 
 i 'm sure he 's looking for sean . 
 i roll my eyes as i fold my arms over my chest , and throw my hip out . 
 it 's a naughty look that my mother gave me too many times . 
 `` are you picking fights , trystan scott ? '' 
 `` psh , no . '' 
 he grins broadly , which contradicts his words . 
 i drop my arms and walk towards his seat . 
 trystan leans back and looks up at me when i sit on the arm of his chair . 
 `` listen , sean will skin you if you mess with him tonight . 
 do me a favor and leave him alone . '' 
 i would n't have said it , but i do n't think trystan 's a jackass . 
 i 'm guessing the disdain for the guy is coming from sean , because i 'm not feeling it the same way from trystan . 
 it 's more like trystan is reacting to something . 
 it 's hard to like someone when they hate you . 
 i need to ask sean what he has against the rock star , because he seems fine to me . 
 trystan does n't promise anything , but his gaze meets mine and his smile changes . 
 the corners of his mouth lose that teasing grin and his gaze softens to something that resembles understanding , and maybe even empathy . 
 without warning , he glances at mel and slaps his hands down on his knees . 
 `` so , i 'm guessing you two want to talk . '' 
 trystan jabs his thumb at mel . 
 `` she 's had a rough night . 
 go easy on her . '' 
 then he 's gone . 
 i slip into his velvety seat and look at mel . 
 she looks picture perfect as always . 
 silence stretches between us and for the longest time neither of us speaks . 
 when i ca n't stand it anymore , i blurt it out . 
 `` what happened ? 
 are you all right ? 
 how can you just sit there and pretend - '' mel points a manicured nail at me and her expression flashes from pleasant to furious . 
 `` do n't you dare act like you have a f ** king clue about anything ! '' 
 i lean forward and my hands start flying while i speak , begging for an explanation . 
 `` then tell me ! '' 
 `` do n't pretend you care about me . 
 if this did n't happen in your room , you would n't have even spoken to me tonight . '' 
 that 's it . 
 she pressed my psycho-bitch button . 
 i fly out of my chair and i 'm on my feet , screaming in her face . 
 `` bullshit ! 
 that 's total crap and you know it ! 
 you know what i thought when i went back to the room ? 
 i thought you were under that f ** king sheet ! 
 i saw your hand laying there , limp and pale and i thought i lost you . 
 i thought you were dead ! 
 so do n't sit there and act like i do n't give a shit about you ! '' 
 mel is in my face with her lips smashed together , ready to verbally decapitate me when a deep voice cuts through the room . 
 `` sit down . '' 
 it 's sean . 
 we both glance over at him . 
 he looks more disheveled than i 've ever seen him . 
 the tension that lines his face is etching deep groves into his beautiful skin . 
 sean has a drink in his hand and is walking toward us . 
 when neither of us moves , he growls again , `` sit . '' 
 mel and i comply , and avert our eyes . 
 mel lets out a huff of air as sean steps between us . 
 he glares at mel . 
 `` you have no idea how much shit i went through tonight for you . 
 avery 's your friend , so stop acting like a child . 
 you killed someone and we need to know why . '' 
 mel is grinding her teeth and stiffens in her chair . 
 she does n't look at either of us and i know she does n't want to talk . 
 her nostrils flare as she breathes and her nails bite into the arms of her chair . 
 she finally looks up at sean . 
 `` i have trouble believing that you 'd stick your neck out for me . '' 
 sean seems agitated . 
 he rolls his eyes and knocks back the rest of his drink before slamming the glass down on the table next to mel . 
 she flinches when he does it . 
 sean is at eye level with her . 
 his voice is deep and menacing . 
 `` i did n't do it for you , i did it for avery . 
 you 've been watching her back , so i 've been watching yours . '' 
 mel does n't like that answer . 
 `` you 've been trailing me ? '' 
 `` i 've been watching . 
 i watch everything , especially when it comes to her . '' 
 sean points at me . 
 `` i know things she has n't said and i know things you have n't admitted . 
 tell her what happened tonight or i will , and i guarantee you that it would be better coming from you . '' 
 sean straightens and backs away , before taking a seat to the side . 
 mel swallows hard and glances at me again . 
 i lose my patience . 
 `` oh , for the love of god , just say it . 
 i liked you before , when i knew you messed with people . 
 you 've threatened naked guy on more than one occasion . 
 i know you are n't mother teresa and never have been , so just tell me ! '' 
 mel glances at sean out of the corner of her eye , almost pleading with him . 
 `` this is a bad idea . '' 
 `` tell her , '' sean demands in a tone that makes me shiver . 
 one of sean 's brows lifts as he folds his arms over his chest and his icy eyes narrow at her . 
 mel does n't like being told what to do . 
 her eyes shift from side to side and she leans back and cracks her neck . 
 after taking a huge breath , she dives into a story that i wish i never heard . 
 chapter 12 my body tenses as mel speaks . 
 i 'm afraid for her even though i know she survived . 
 after sean and i left the room , things spun out of control . 
 mel ordered her dinner and when there was a knock on the door half an hour later , she thought nothing of it . 
 mel yanked the door open without looking , and there stood a woman with her complexion and caramel eyes . 
 mel explains , `` she looked like a f ** king twin . 
 it was creepy . 
 the chick was about the same height and weight , and-get this-wearing the same dress . '' 
 `` that 's weird . '' 
 my face scrunches up because i do n't like where this is going . 
 `` no shit . 
 so i 'm like , ` what do you want ? ' 
 she laughs and manages to get into the room , but i do n't let her in very far . 
 it was like she was looking for something . '' 
 mel shakes her head and bites her lower lip , thinking before adding , `` so , she ca n't get past me . 
 the woman thinks there are other people in the room . 
 i left the tv on in the bathroom and the tub was filling . 
 i planned on vegging and watching tv , eating dinner while i soaked . 
 anyways , the girl steps up to me and smiles this creepy , toothy grin and i feel a barrel press into my belly . 
 the bitch had a gun . 
 she 's not two steps inside the room and she pulls a f ** king gun on me . 
 after that , things get blurry . '' 
 `` mel , '' sean scolds . 
 `` i 'm telling the truth , white boy . '' 
 mel huffs and deep frown lines cross her face . 
 `` avery , everything happened so fast . 
 i went from having the gun in my guts , to ripping her hair out and rolling around on the floor . 
 the bitch pulled my bracelet off , so i crushed the stone thinking black would send her ninjas , but they never showed . 
 so , i realize i 'm on my own and use my knife on the bitch . 
 she had me pinned . '' 
 `` you had a knife on you ? '' 
 i sound stupid for asking , but where the hell was it ? 
 mel nods once . 
 the normal smile that 's on her lips is gone and her head hangs between her shoulders as she buries her face in her hands . 
 `` i always have it strapped to my thigh . 
 when i 'm doing it , i hide the blade , but it 's still in reach-under the pillow or shoved into the side of the mattress . 
 i take care of me . 
 i always have . '' 
 mel glances up and does n't blink . 
 her eyes are cold and hard , like she 's emotionally shut down in order to tell me the rest of the story . 
 `` before the bitch knows what happened , i stabbed her in the side . 
 she starts muttering about something that makes no sense , after cursing me out . '' 
 `` what 'd she say ? '' 
 sean asks . 
 `` what were her exact words ? '' 
 `` her voice is n't panicked , it 's creepy , smooth as glass , and she says , ` you have no idea what you 've done , you little cunt . 
 everything was perfect , and now they 'll all ... ' her words get garbled and i ca n't understand her . 
 her face contorts in pain and she starts screaming . 
 that 's a horrible way to die , and with the amount of blood pouring from her like that , she was as good as dead . 
 she started begging me , so i ended it . 
 then i grabbed my stuff and ran . 
 they must have found the body when they brought in the food . '' 
 i ca n't breathe for a few seconds and mel wo n't look at me . 
 sean is watching the side of my face , waiting for my reaction . 
 a few things stick and i blurt them out . 
 `` someone was trying to frame you for something else-otherwise why would that woman be dressed like you ? '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 sean prompts , watching me closely . 
 `` the bracelet did n't work . 
 either someone tampered with it or it never worked to begin with . 
 black says she checks them every time we check in , so that should n't be it . '' 
 i glance over at mel . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 when mel glances up at me , i want to throw my arms around her and tell her that everything will be all right , but i know it wo n't be . 
 `` i think we 're f ** ked . 
 someone was using me to get to you and they 're doing it through black . 
 the problem now is that none of this will lead back to her . '' 
 `` but the transmitter ? '' 
 i ask , still not getting what they 're trying to tell me . 
 mel 's brow is pinched with worry when she looks over at me . 
 her hand grabs at the hair on the sides of her temples and i hear the distress in her voice . 
 `` avery , there was no f ** king transmitter . 
 when the cops look at the bracelet , they 'll think it was junk jewelry . 
 it wo n't lead back to black , it 'll lead to me . '' 
 chapter 13 sean is n't tense for once . 
 sometime while mel was talking , his shoulders relaxed and he 's sitting back in his chair like it 's a throne . 
 his lips are straight , there 's no curve to the corners of his mouth . 
 he stares straight ahead , lost in thought . 
 i 'm still piecing things together and do n't like the way the puzzle is forming . 
 if someone was impersonating mel , then what was she there for ? 
 it feels like mel left pieces of the story out , but for the life of me , i ca n't imagine what they could be . 
 i find myself staring at the side of her face . 
 mel is leaning back in her chair with her neck resting , looking up at the ceiling . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she finally snaps . 
 `` tell her , '' sean suddenly says , and glances over at me . 
 `` i already told you that i 'll tell her if you do n't . '' 
 mel does n't move . 
 instead she stiffens and seals her lips . 
 `` avery - '' mel darts upright . 
 `` i 'll tell her ! 
 you do n't say a word . '' 
 pain is painted all over mel 's face . 
 `` someone 's been screwing with you , right ? 
 asia told me that you had her in your room one night-that something spooked you . '' 
 my jaw drops . 
 i 'm about to deny it , but both of them give me a look that shuts me up . 
 `` tonight , before everything went to hell , i got a text with a video attached . 
 it was you . 
 he said to come get it or he 'd post it online . 
 avery , i was supposed to leave the room and you guys were supposed to be there . 
 i did n't leave because i thought he was messing with me at first , and then i said i was coming but the food was supposed to be there . 
 i figured he 'd wait , so i did n't leave-i just told him i was on my way . '' 
 i blink at her . 
 `` wait a second , someone told you they had a sex video of me and that they 'd post it if you did n't come down , but you did n't go because you wanted dinner first ? '' 
 i give her a shocked look and do n't know whether i should yell and scream or hug her . 
 sean glances at me . 
 `` there 's another player , and you 're his target . '' 
 i ca n't process what they 're trying to tell me . 
 i laugh and shake my head , like they 're both nuts . 
 `` you think someone is trying to kill me ? '' 
 what a stupid idea . 
 i laugh too much and too hard , but when i look up , mel and sean are watching me . 
 neither of them thinks it 's funny-they both believe someone is trying to hurt me . 
 i roll my eyes , refusing to believe it . 
 `` the guy was in my room when i was alone . 
 why did n't he do it then ? 
 and what would he have to gain ? 
 i have nothing and i 'm a nobody . 
 i have no family and no one loves me , except you . '' 
 sean watches me with those dark eyes and terror drips into my stomach like acid . 
 it 's because of him . 
 someone is trying to hurt me to get at sean . 
 oh god . 
 my jaw drops open and quivers . 
 before i can say anything else , he scoops me up in his arms and holds me to his chest , crushing me with his strong arms . 
 `` i wo n't let them touch you . '' 
 chapter 14 i sit with mel while sean tries to talk to his brother one last time . 
 it does n't go well . 
 i can hear them yelling from where i sit . 
 trystan is back , looking like a spring daisy . 
 he arches an eyebrow at me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` are you nocturnal , or one of those weird people that thrives on two hours of sleep ? '' 
 i 'm slumped back in my chair with a nauseous headache , propping up my face with my hand . 
 otherwise i 'd be lying on the floor , since it started to look comfy a few hours ago . 
 trystan looks uncomfortable and absentmindedly touches the ring under his shirt . 
 i get it . 
 `` ah , you 're neither , which means you 're mental too . 
 welcome to the club . '' 
 he chortles and presses his fingers to his temples and seems to relax again . 
 no one speaks and i keep wondering the same question . 
 i know i should n't ask it , but i do anyway . 
 `` mel ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 she says from the floor . 
 her arm is over her face and she 's lying flat on her back . 
 `` what 'd it feel like ? '' 
 she pulls her arm off her eyes and sits up a little . 
 `` you do n't want to know that for real , do you ? '' 
 i 'm stupid . 
 i nod . 
 the thing is , if i had to defend myself , i wonder if i could . 
 i 'm squeamish around blood , so how could i inflict enough damage to keep someone from killing me ? 
 i wonder if it 's like some other part of the brain takes over and that 's that . 
 mel sits up and puts her arms around her knees . 
 `` i knew what i was doing , if that 's what you mean . 
 the moment i saw her , i knew something was wrong-like way the f ** k wrong . 
 when someone threatens you with a knife , gun , or whatever-there 's no time to second guess anything . 
 it 's you or them , and i 'm not dying . '' 
 trystan 's eyes flick between us as we speak , but he says nothing . 
 i wonder what horrors he 's seen because he does n't react to anything we say . 
 he just sits there , listening , like he knows what mel 's talking about . 
 `` but how can you do it ? 
 i do n't think i could . '' 
 that 's when trystan speaks up . 
 `` there 's something inside of you that will wake up if you need it . 
 i hope to god that you never do , but do n't doubt that it 's there . 
 like mel said , your body will want to act-to protect you . 
 do n't think . 
 just do it , and you 'll live another day . '' 
 mel and i stare at him . 
 there 's a second where his words are frightening , but then i feel nothing but empathy for him . 
 he must have learned that from living with his father . 
 the guy beat the shit out of him when he was a kid . 
 it was in the papers and all anyone talked about for a while . 
 trystan scott is a beautiful , charismatic , and charming singer . 
 everyone who meets him , loves him . 
 he does n't seem to have a violent bone in his body , but he came from a bloody and battered past . 
 there 's more story there , things i 'll never know , secrets he 'll never tell . 
 i nod , and am saved from finding an answer when sean appears . 
 `` let 's go . 
 jon can deal with his own shit . '' 
 he glances at trystan and seems like he wants to tell him off , but does n't . 
 `` wait , what about mel ? '' 
 i ask , as sean 's leading me toward the door . 
 `` she knows what to do . 
 do n't worry about her . 
 come on , i have the jet waiting at mcarthur airport . '' 
 the jet ? 
 where are we going ? 
 i know better than to ask , so i say nothing and follow him outside . 
 there 's a limo waiting . 
 we duck inside and take off . 
 sean is still angry from whatever happened with jonathan . 
 he lets out a rush of air and says , `` my brother 's an idiot . '' 
 i smile at him , trying to lighten the mood . 
 `` which one ? '' 
 sean smirks and glances over at me , before wrapping his arm around my shoulders and pulling me to him . 
 he kisses the top of my head and starts talking . 
 `` jon thinks i abandoned him when he was a kid , but that 's not what happened . 
 pete seems to understand better , but not jon . 
 he wo n't forgive me , and he acts like his childhood was hell and it 's my fault . 
 the guy has everything , including the family fortune , then he goes and does things like this . 
 i could understand this behavior from bryan or trystan , but not jon . 
 he 's got too much on the line and our mother is n't exactly forgiving . 
 there are things he does n't know . '' 
 sean sighs and stops talking . 
 it seems like he 's going to say more , but he does n't . 
 `` i wish i had a brother or a sister , even if we did n't get along . 
 i envy you . '' 
 sean makes a sound of disbelief . 
 `` no , i 'm serious . 
 having crappy siblings is better than having none . 
 you 're not alone . 
 i am . 
 besides , peter seems to have forgiven you . 
 jon will understand sooner or later . '' 
 sean does n't say anything , he just holds me tighter and stares out the window until the limo pulls up to a little jet parked on the tarmac . 
 the lights glow softly from inside and the door is open with a staircase beckoning us to board . 
 sean takes my hand and leads me onto the plane . 
 when i step inside , i do n't know what to do . 
 there are eight huge leather seats that look as if they spin around . 
 there 's a table , a bar , and a huge paper-thin television on the back wall . 
 everything looks pristine and has that new car , uh , new jet , smell . 
 `` sit wherever you like . '' 
 sean gestures for me to continue into the back by myself . 
 he disappears behind a curtain in front and speaks to the pilot before returning . 
 by then i 'm sitting in the last row and looking out the window . 
 `` this is weird . '' 
 i 'm on a plane-a really posh one-and without going through the airport or dealing with security . 
 no one groped me as if my underwire could be used as a weapon . 
 the tsa confiscated my cannoli once because it was n't sealed . 
 i think the organization has a serious pastry problem . 
 as soon as sean is seated , we 're taxiing down the runway . 
 no waiting . 
 he smiles at me , enjoying my amazed expression . 
 `` i 'm going to spoil you to the point that you do n't think anything is unusual . '' 
 `` i do n't think that 's possible , but i do n't mind you trying . '' 
 a lazy smile lines my lips . 
 it 's nearly sunrise and i 'm exhausted . 
 `` sleep . 
 i 'll wake you when we get there . '' 
 sean hands me a blanket and a pillow , and i snuggle up and before i can badger him about where we 're going , i doze off . 
 chapter 15 the constant vibration of the plane has stopped and roused me . 
 okay , it 's more of sean 's fingers poking my ribs . 
 `` avery , wake up . '' 
 i want to roll over and stay here . 
 i must mutter something to that effect with an expletive on the end for emphasis , because sean laughs and says , `` you ca n't stay here . 
 come on . '' 
 he scoops me up and i get a dopey grin on my face . 
 he 's going to carry me like a bride over a threshold . 
 internally i sigh , because he 's the most awesome man alive , but it 's short lived . 
 sean drops my legs so i 'm upright . 
 they slam into the floor of the plane and jar me awake . 
 i thought he was going to drop me . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i rip my shoulders from his grip and spin around in time to see a light smile lace his lips . 
 damn it . 
 why does he have to look so beautiful ? 
 i bite back the slew of nasty things i was going to say and resort to something less insulting . 
 `` asshat . '' 
 that makes him laugh , full dimples and all . 
 sean must be hysterically tired because that was n't all that funny . 
 `` i 'll wear your ass any way you 'll let me . '' 
 my face flames red and i glance around , assuming that we are n't alone , and we 're not . 
 the pilot heard him , and whoever is standing in the open doorway of the plane . 
 i punch his arm , which makes him laugh more . 
 note to self , stop calling sean an ` asshat . ' 
 apparently it makes him think about doing sexy things with my butt . 
 psh . 
 what a child . 
 the expression must cross my face , because sean 's blue eyes go wide . 
 `` did you just roll your eyes at me ? '' 
 `` no , mr. jones , '' i answer sarcastically , `` i 'd never roll my eyes at you . 
 once i started , i 'd just keep going and god knows they would have fallen out by now . '' 
 sean 's smile vanishes as he leans in close to my ear , `` you 'll pay for that . '' 
 `` i 'm looking forward to it . '' 
 we 're eye to eye , nose to nose , and a kiss apart . 
 sean is charged , like a huge magnetic field and it feels impossible to keep the tiny bit of space between us . 
 as he breathes , the rise of his chest brushes against mine and shoots tingles through my body . 
 a smug look crosses my face , and i tilt my head to the side and whisper in the most seductive voice i can manage , `` asshat . '' 
 his eyes darken and this primal look comes over his face , before he presses those lids shut . 
 i want to kiss both of them and hold him in my arms , but the look he has says things wo n't be like that tonight-or today . 
 i 've lost track of time . 
 when his eyes open , there 's a jolt that travels through me when that wicked smile lines his face . 
 sean raises his fist to his mouth and bites it for half a second and then gives me a gaze that makes my heart pound fast and furious . 
 `` let 's get your ass inside , miss smith , and i 'll see what i can do . '' 
 girlish giggles erupt from me even though i try to swallow them down . 
 my emotions shorted out hours ago . 
 my hands cover my mouth , but i ca n't stop . 
 suddenly i see sean 's hand fly and the next thing i know , he slaps my butt hard . 
 my hands move to cover my stinging hindquarters and i turn to stare at him , gaping . 
 he grins , `` what ? 
 i thought you wanted to stop laughing ? '' 
 oh god . 
 that makes it worse . 
 more incoherent thoughts tickle my stomach , stopping only after sean helps me down the steps from the jet . 
 i stop abruptly and look around . 
 there are tall rafters and , hay ? 
 `` are we in a barn ? 
 seriously ? 
 we hopped in your private jet to hide out in a barn ? '' 
 i must look bizarrely worried , because sean is kind to me . 
 maybe he thinks my brain broke on the plane . 
 `` it 's a hanger . '' 
 i point to the corner , `` there 's hay . '' 
 `` yes , it 's for the horses . 
 where else should i store the shipments when they arrive ? '' 
 i shrug and start giggling again . 
 `` i do n't know , in a barn ? '' 
 sean does n't reply . 
 instead he grabs my arms and pulls me from the hanger and out into the open . 
 `` smart ass . '' 
 `` ah , back to my ass again . '' 
 `` your ass is going to be sore if you keep talking about it . '' 
 `` psh , so is yours . '' 
 yeah , i have no idea what the hell i 'm talking about , but it sounded good . 
 that makes him look over at me . 
 amusement dances in his tired eyes . 
 `` i look forward to it . '' 
 oh , shit . 
 it figures he 'd be into anything and everything . 
 why did n't i keep my mouth shut ? 
 i change the topic . 
 we 've been walking through a field . 
 the grass is knee high , and early morning sunlight makes the dead grass look golden . 
 it 's pretty , but it appears that we 're going to walk on forever since there 's nothing to see but grass and trees . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 just as the question slips out of my mouth , i see a beautiful house . 
 it 's a log cabin with huge shimmering windows . 
 there 's a stream that runs behind it , cutting the golden grass in two like a long blue ribbon . 
 my jaw drops at the same time that my feet stop . 
 it looks like something from a ski magazine , and not one of the exclusive tailored penthouses where sean ferro normally resides . 
 `` one of my homes . '' 
 his voice softens , and almost sounds somber . 
 `` come on . 
 i 'll show you around . '' 
 we walk up to the front , and go up the steps to a wraparound porch . 
 as sean puts a key in the door , i survey the area . 
 the view from here is breathtaking . 
 i can see the clearing we walked through , the stream , a gleaming lake in the distance , and it 's all nestled between mountains that look positively blue in the early morning sun . 
 sean pushes the door open and holds it for me . 
 it 's almost like he does n't want to go inside . 
 my chest constricts as i walk past him and step into the cabin . 
 i 'm barely inside before i spurt out , `` wow . '' 
 my neck cranes back and i stare at rafters that are twenty feet or more above my head . 
 one end of the cabin is made from glass-twenty feet of glass . 
 it 's insane . 
 the view from the porch is nothing compared to the one from this huge window . 
 i 'm drawn to it , and slowly cross the cabin . 
 the floors are dark , hand carved wood with a distressed finish . 
 there 's a state-of-the-art kitchen with butcher block counter tops and rustic cabinets , but i do n't stop . 
 the window is amazing . 
 i pass a pristine white bed with a wrought iron canopy and velvety drapes that look soft enough to sniff . 
 i bet they smell like the snuggle bear . 
 i 'm totally smelling them later . 
 stopping in front of the window , i look out and ca n't help but smile . 
 but something is way off . 
 this seems so unlike sean , and he 's barely stepped through the door . 
 he 's standing there with it open behind him , like he might bolt . 
 turning , i ask , `` what is this place ? '' 
 sean 's eyes lock with mine for a moment , then he looks down and shakes his head . 
 he steps through the threshold , and pushes the beautiful carved door closed without a word . 
 `` sean ? '' 
 i 'm worried about him . 
 i 've never seen him like this before . 
 it 's my sean , but he 's broken . 
 sometimes there are no words . 
 i cross the room and throw my arms around his neck and hold him tight . 
 to my surprise , he does n't pull back , but he buries his face in my neck . 
 i hold onto him for a while , the way i did at the club , and wonder what ghosts haunt this place . 
 what was this cabin supposed to be ? 
 chapter 16 when sean snaps out of it , he looks like his old self . 
 his defenses are up and that stern expression is back . 
 crap . 
 i want to coax him back out , but sean has other plans . 
 he explains , `` i need time to think and no one knows about this place . 
 if anyone shows up here , we 'll know who 's trying to hurt you . '' 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 `` upstate , in the catskills . '' 
 new york is broken into several parts , the three main sections are long island , new york city , and then that massive amount of land north of manhattan that 's called ` upstate . ' 
 his reference to the catskills is the only thing that gives me any idea of where i am . 
 if he did n't say that , we could be anywhere between the city and canada . 
 i nod , and memories from last night start to flash behind my eyes . 
 sean grabs my wrist and commands , `` no , avery . 
 stop thinking . 
 i want you to lay on that bed and let every thought rush out of your head . 
 i only want you to feel what i 'm doing to you . 
 i want to be the one that evokes your fear or rapture . 
 for the next few hours , i own you . '' 
 the corners of my lips lift as i step up to him . 
 `` you 'll own me for much longer than that . '' 
 i wink at him and whatever restraint he had is gone . 
 sean scoops me up and carries me over to the bed . 
 he looks down at me and i swear that there 's no blue left in his gaze . 
 those eyes are so dark that they 're nearly solid black . 
 as his eyes rove over me , i feel nak * d even though i 'm clothed . 
 my heart beats faster , wondering what he 's going to do . 
 `` where 's your bracelet ? '' 
 he asks suddenly , looking at my bare wrist . 
 `` in gabe 's limo . 
 i shoved it between the seats . '' 
 a smile crosses my lips as i think about it . 
 `` black is going to assume i 'm stalking her . '' 
 sean grins at me before leaning down and kissing my forehead . 
 `` good girl . 
 that should give us a few days if the issue originates with her . 
 she 'll think gabe is protecting you . '' 
 `` uh , i think he is . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 sean 's voice is fierce . 
 his entire body tenses to the point he trembles as he yells . 
 `` no one is protecting you , except me . 
 i do n't want you to trust anyone until this is over-not mel , not gabe , not even my brothers-no one . 
 do you understand me ? '' 
 touching the side of his face , i nod . 
 `` i understand . '' 
 my words carry more meaning , and i wonder if he knows how much i understand . 
 he lost everything before and failed to stop it . 
 the death of amanda fractured his life in a way that he was unable to repair . 
 if sean does n't stop this lunatic from messing with me , it 'll destroy him . 
 the final pieces that hold him together will come unhinged and the monster lurking within him will be the cause of his demise . 
 sean 's body shakes with tension that borders on rage . 
 i know what he needs and i want to give it to him . 
 i press my lips together and say the words he has to hear . 
 `` take me , any way you want . 
 use me , sean . '' 
 breathing hard , he looks down , watching me . 
 the fear slips off his face and the part of him that frightens me emerges . 
 there 's no rational thought , no logic in those eyes . 
 it fades to something carnal and out of control . 
 sean grabs my dress at the neckline and tears it in two . 
 the sudden movement , the sound of the fabric tearing , startles me . 
 before i can blink , he 's on top of me , ripping off my clothes and tossing them aside until i 'm nak * d. my heart is pounding so hard that i 'm sure that he can hear it . 
 i do n't have the nerve to look him in the eyes anymore , even though i want to . 
 i focus on his chest , on the places i want to touch , but i do n't dare . 
 not now , not when he 's like this . 
 sean straddles me , pinning me to the bed and rips off his belt . 
 quickly , he flips me over so i 'm facedown and yanks my hands above my head . 
 within seconds my wrists are bound together and tied to the headboard . 
 he leaves my feet untethered and i wonder if it 's because he wants to or because he 's changing . 
 sean is different now , is n't he ? 
 this is n't like the first time he did this to me . 
 besides , i volunteered . 
 i knew what i was giving permission for this time . 
 maybe i 'm the one who 's changed . 
 i feel his breath in my ear before i hear his voice . 
 `` stop thinking . '' 
 i try to shove all the thoughts from my mind , but i kind of suck at it . 
 sean 's hand comes down hard on my bare ass . 
 the sting makes me yelp . 
 `` say , ` yes , sir . ' '' 
 my lips curl into a defiant , smug , expression . 
 `` yes , sean . '' 
 his hand comes down again , stinging the other cheek . 
 i gasp , and try to look back at him , but i ca n't see him very well . 
 he 's directly behind me and i can only make out his location . 
 `` wrong words will get you punished , miss smith . 
 i want you to say , ` yes , sir . ' '' 
 an insane urge to defy him rouses inside of me as a smile creeps across my face . 
 i mean , what 's he going to do ? 
 hit me again ? 
 i kind of like that a little bit . 
 it makes my girlie parts tingle . 
 i 'd be good with another slap . 
 so i chide , `` yes , mr. jones . '' 
 sean lets out a little noise , like he ca n't believe i defied him again , but his shock is short lived . 
 he takes a pillow and shoves it under my hips , before parting my legs . 
 i have no idea what he 's going to do , but i like it . 
 thrill rushes through my veins , making me tug at my restraints . 
 i want to tease him and do everything i should n't . 
 maybe i 'm as messed up as he is . 
 he holds my legs open wide and with that deep voice of his , gives me another chance . 
 `` stop thinking . '' 
 i 'm insane . 
 `` no . '' 
 the word rings out like someone slapped a gong . 
 my ass is in the air , thanks to the pillow . 
 i expect his hand to come down on my round cheeks again , but it does n't . 
 instead his open palm slaps me between my thighs , stinging my most sensitive parts . 
 the jolt startles me and i try to crawl away , but sean holds my h * ps still . 
 `` say it . '' 
 i bite my lips and feel his hand come down again . 
 this time it brings tears to my eyes , but there 's something else , too . 
 i do n't know how to describe it . 
 my insides feel like they 're on fire and i want to be sated . 
 am i as messed up as he is ? 
 he 's spanking my p ** sy and i like it . 
 what the hell does that mean ? 
 before another thought can cross my mind , his hand lands between my legs again and i yelp . 
 without warning , sean slips a finger up into me and i gasp . 
 he 's quiet for a moment and then removes his hand and leans over my back , pressing his body to me . 
 his face appears next to mine , lightly pushing my cheek into the pillows . 
 `` so , it appears that you have a rather deviant desire , since getting spanked makes you so wet . '' 
 `` it does not . 
 i - '' before i can finish my lie , sean shoves the finger that was inside me into my mouth . 
 `` suck . '' 
 my tongue tastes the sweetness and recognizes my scent . 
 i do as he says , and suck his finger until it 's gone and i only taste sean 's skin . 
 `` good girl . 
 and remember , behavior that pleases me will be rewarded . '' 
 i like the sound of that . 
 `` anything i want ? '' 
 `` yes , if you behave yourself . 
 up until now , i have to say , you 've been rather naughty . 
 i 'd slap you again , but i think you actually like it , so onto other things . '' 
 i nearly whine , okay , beg , for him to do more , but think better of it . 
 crazy sean sounds more composed than i thought he 'd be , which is interesting . 
 `` back to you being good-say , ` yes , sir . ' '' 
 i make a face into the pillow and mutter . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 being bad is more fun , at least i think it is until i feel sean 's nak * d body pressed to my back and he 's kissing me . 
 damn , he stripped fast . 
 his hard length pushes against my butt cheeks as his lips find the spot on my shoulder that makes me melt . 
 he 's close to finding my slut button-the spot that makes me totally wanton-so i wiggle , trying to get him away from it , because i want to keep my mind and defy him just a little bit longer , and as soon as he finds that spot , i 'm toast . 
 i 'll be begging him for anything and everything . 
 damn him . 
 i think he mapped my body when i was n't paying attention . 
 sean holds me in place , inching his lips closer and closer to the spot on my back , while one of his hands dips between my thighs . 
 he forces them open and lifts his head for a moment . 
 `` do whatever feels good , baby . 
 i wo n't force you . 
 not this time . '' 
 what ? 
 my mind snaps to full alert right as sean dips his head and lands his sinful mouth on the perfect spot on my shoulder . 
 i gasp and wiggle , trying to get him to stop for half a second before i go still . 
 his lips are pressed to my skin , while his tongue strokes against me . 
 my body writhes without my consent as the place between my legs goes from damp to wet . 
 my mind fades and i feel-no , i want . 
 sean 's fingers press between my thighs and up inside of me , making me moan . 
 my h * ps buck , not satisfied with fingers as he kisses my back . 
 i want him , and i start saying things that would normally make me blush . 
 sean pulls his fingers out and lifts them to my mouth . 
 `` lick them . '' 
 i do as he says , closing my eyes , and enjoying the way my body responds to his voice , to his commands . 
 his lips work the spot on my back and i suck on his fingers , imagining that it 's his hard length dripping with come . 
 he lifts his head . 
 `` good girl . '' 
 when he pulls his fingers away , i pout , but the emotion is short lived . 
 sean takes hold of my h * ps and pushes into my slick core , slow and hard . 
 i moan and beg for things i should never say . 
 he sounds happy , teasing me , pushing in slowly and then pulling out to his tip , before slamming into me again , deeper . 
 i beg for him to pound into me , spank me , and anything else . 
 sean sounds content , almost happy , when he whispers in my ear . 
 `` tell me when to stop . '' 
 before i can beg him to f ** k me more , he 's gone . 
 his body leaves mine and his lips are suddenly between my legs . 
 his hot breath makes my thighs tense , but sean pushes them apart and licks my slick flesh with his tongue . 
 stroke after stroke , he stays there , pressing his fingers into me , licking and sucking . 
 i have no idea what he 's doing , but i 'm screaming out his name begging him to take me . 
 i need him , my entire body is strung tight , craving the release . 
 sean brings me to the edge and i think he 's going to tip me over into ecstasy , but he pulls away two seconds too soon . 
 i scream and thrash when he disappears . 
 his warmth is gone and i 'm begging him to come back . 
 `` sean , please ... '' my voice is so breathy , and so completely shameless . 
 i 'd beg him for anything , to make me come any way possible . 
 i need him deep inside me . 
 i beg him again , and he 's back , lying next to me . 
 `` tell me what you want , baby . '' 
 `` make me come , please sean . 
 i want you inside me . 
 please . '' 
 before anything else is said , i feel something cold slip between my legs . 
 sean pushes a toy deep inside and it starts to vibrate . 
 i feel so let down that it 's not him that i nearly cry . 
 i want sean . 
 that 's when things go a different direction . 
 he lowers his head to between my thighs and returns to the spot he 'd been licking and pressing his fingers to before . 
 i tense when i realize where he is and what he 's doing . 
 his tongue licks behind the vibrator at the delicate skin , and then over-oh god . 
 i should n't like that , but it 's making me feel positively high . 
 my h * ps slow as apprehension chokes me . 
 sean notices and returns to the spot on my back , but keeps the vibrator between my legs . 
 he kisses my slut button and my mind turns off . 
 just like that , all my thoughts vanish and i 'm all animal again . 
 my h * ps buck , trying to find release , but sean does n't move the toy or increase the speed . 
 i whimper and beg for things that i did n't know i wanted . 
 sean is on top of me , and i feel his hard length pressing against my back while he holds the toy in place . 
 he whispers into my ear , `` i know you want it . 
 tell me baby , and i 'll do it . 
 tell me to f ** k you like this . '' 
 i ca n't . 
 even though i 'm writhing against him , i ca n't say it . 
 his lips dip to the spot on my back and after a while he tries again , but i still wo n't admit it , so he does the unthinkable and backs away . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i thrash , trying to see him . 
 the toy is gone , sean 's warm body is gone , and i need him . 
 every part of me is pulsing with need . 
 i ca n't control myself and i know i want what he 's offering . 
 `` then say it . '' 
 `` i want you to f ** k my ... '' `` say it , '' he growls , his voice deeper than i 've ever heard it . 
 `` fuck my ass . '' 
 the words come flying out of my mouth and sound horribly dirty to me . 
 i beg him over and over again , and i tell him that i want him inside of me in every way possible , now . 
 then i plead with him to come back and sate me . 
 `` sean , please . '' 
 when i feel him return and press his body to mine , i moan loudly . 
 i ca n't hide what he does to me , how crazy he makes me . 
 the delicious swirls are lacing through my stomach and my thighs are clenching , hoping for his touch . 
 sean slips the toy into place between my legs and pushes it deep into my slick folds . 
 his lips return , kissing that spot on my back until i 'm thrashing and screaming for him to take me . 
 i 'm not afraid of what he wants to do , so when he presses his c * ck to my ass , i moan and press back . 
 sean slides his long , hard length into me , filling me in a way i 've never known . 
 he 's slick and pushes all the way in . 
 i gasp at the sensation , at the tightness . 
 there 's not enough air and i do n't think i can ever get enough of this man . 
 it startles me how much i want this , how much i want him to take me and use me . 
 before i can think , i push back against him and wish that i could touch him . 
 my body is in sensory overload . 
 the feeling of his lips on my back , his c * ck inside me on one side and the vibrator on the other is too much . 
 i ca n't hold it together and i scream out his name as i cli ** x. my h * ps slam back into him over and over again until he cries out . 
 i feel him stiffen and then go slack against me . 
 his rapid breaths slow and he pulls out , and then removes the toy . 
 kissing the side of my face , he asks , `` are you all right ? '' 
 i do n't answer . 
 instead i say , `` untie me . '' 
 sean swallows so hard that i can hear it . 
 he 's worried about me . 
 maybe he thinks that i 'm going to run , or that my face is covered in tears and that i hated it . 
 either way , he frees me . 
 i roll over and get up on my knees and look into his eyes . 
 god , those beautiful , haunted eyes , are so worried . 
 i press my palm to his bare chest and shove him back into the bed . 
 `` i ca n't believe you did that . '' 
 he avoids my gaze . 
 `` avery , i 'm sorry . 
 i thought - '' i smile down at him . 
 `` and i ca n't believe i liked it . 
 next time you want me that way , you do n't have to ask . 
 i trust you , baby . 
 i want to be with you , anyway you want . '' 
 he tries not to smile and it 's the sweetest look i 've ever seen on his face . 
 `` so , what now ? '' 
 `` now , i get what i want , because i 'm a very good , bad girl . '' 
 the corners of sean 's lips pull up . 
 `` yes , ma'am . '' 
 chapter 17 after a quick shower , i ride sean until i ca n't sit up anymore . 
 that might not sound romantic , but it 's what we needed . 
 sometimes life is rough and rough sex follows . 
 sean has claw marks down his chest and i nipped his nipple a little too hard . 
 he 's started calling me a vampire because i like to bite . 
 i 'm laying nak * d in the bed , tangled in the sheets , watching him . 
 i 'm so tired , and feel so sated , that it 's hard to keep my eyes open . 
 i do n't know how he sits there , working . 
 there 's a little desk , and he pulled out a laptop , and he 's researching something . 
 i watch him from behind lazy eyes , in his jeans and bare chest . 
 he must feel my eyes on his back , because he turns and looks at me . 
 `` go to sleep , stanz . '' 
 i pat the empty space next to me . 
 `` come sleep with me , ferro . 
 like actual sleep , not sexy sleep . '' 
 i grin at him . 
 sean watches me for half a beat , like he 's considering it , but does n't move . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i have to do this . '' 
 `` do it later . '' 
 he 's typing , not looking at me . 
 `` but i want to do you later . '' 
 `` so , you 're boycotting sleep , now ? '' 
 i push up on my elbow , and the sheet falls away revealing my br ** sts . 
 sean glances at me and then sighs , before walking over to the bed and sitting next to me . 
 he traces the pad of his finger along my breast , tracing the slope to the nipple . 
 he smiles like he should n't and pulls up the blankets , before leaning back against the headboard . 
 sean strokes the hair away from my face , gently repeating the movement over and over again . 
 he looks out the window and then down at me . 
 `` i 've never slept much , my love . '' 
 he smiles sadly and kisses my forehead . 
 `` it 's all right . 
 you rest . 
 i have plans for later . '' 
 i do n't argue , mainly because his touch has put me in a coma . 
 as my eyelids flutter , he smiles at me . 
 i feel happy even though the day was horrendous , because i can see the affection in his eyes . 
 sean is n't hiding from me at the moment , and i hope he trusts me enough to stay that way . 
 chapter 18 by the time i wake up , it 's nightfall . 
 sean is standing in front of the huge glass window , fully dressed in tight jeans and a black sweater with those shitkicker boots , and his hands held behind his back . 
 i watch him from my pillow , wondering what he 's thinking about . 
 before i can move , he turns and looks at me . 
 god , his face is beautiful . 
 i smile at him , still groggy from sleep . 
 `` hey , '' i say , feeling a little ashamed of what we did , now that i can think more clearly . 
 i pull the sheets with me as i sit up and pull my knees into my chest . 
 my body is sore , but in a good way . 
 the thought makes me think of sean behind me , pushing into me , and the fact that i pushed back . 
 sean speaks before the burn of embarrassment spreads across my cheeks . 
 `` do n't belittle yourself for what you enjoy . '' 
 he stands in front of the glass with the inky sky and a spattering of stars behind him . 
 moonlight fills the window , giving sean a faint halo . 
 he always sounds so composed , so certain of who he is and what he wants . 
 i 'm not like that . 
 i have n't had the luxury to experiment and live the life that i 'd wanted , but things shifted somewhere and now i 'm here with this man . 
 i 'm too nervous to look at him , but i force my gaze up anyway . 
 `` how 'd you react after you did something you thought you 'd never do ? 
 especially when you realized that you liked it ? '' 
 sean slips his hands into his pockets and studies me . 
 `` how many lines did we cross , avery ? '' 
 i smile weakly at him and wonder if he 's going to dodge my question . 
 `` several . 
 i had a picture in my head of the way things would be , and this was n't it . 
 it 's more savage and i 'm shocked at myself , and maybe a little disturbed . 
 what does it mean that i like to be tied up even though it scares the hell out of me ? 
 what does it mean that i like to scratch and bite you so hard that you bleed ? 
 sean ... '' i shake my head . 
 i do n't want to continue the thought because i do n't like the dark places it 's leading . 
 sean looks out the window again and then takes a steadying breath . 
 `` things for me were probably the way you pictured your future . 
 i had my wife , we were together in civilized ways , and then she was gone . 
 it felt - '' his voice becomes so tense that his words are choked off . 
 sean glances at me from under those dark lashes . 
 `` i crossed so many lines that there was no way back after that . 
 an honest man does n't use hookers . 
 a good man does n't overpower them and force them to his whims . 
 i did . 
 i learned how to pinpoint their fears and feed them so they were terrified of me . '' 
 he 's breathing hard , watching me , and i know he 's thinking about something specific . 
 the way his eyes travel over my body tells me that he never finished what he wanted to do with me . 
 my heart pounds harder and i no longer feel ashamed , but he 's right . 
 once the line is crossed , there 's no going back . 
 i know what i like and even if i do n't want to admit it to myself , i know i want him to do things to me-things that frighten me . 
 `` you 're not done with me , like that , are you ? '' 
 he holds my gaze and shakes his head . 
 `` i want to be done with it , but it 's still there . 
 i still picture doing things to you . '' 
 he tears his eyes away and looks back out the window . 
 his lungs fill with air and it makes his body swell . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` do n't be . '' 
 he whirls around and gives me a quizzical look . 
 i shrug and say awkwardly , `` i kind of like it . '' 
 i 'm afraid of what he 'll think of me , because i hate this . 
 it 's not normal to want to be used and taken that way , but i do-if sean is the one doing the taking . 
 `` avery , you do n't have to pretend to - '' `` i 'm not . 
 why do you think i 'm freaked out right now ? 
 everything you 've done has thrown me off kilter , and instead of running the other way , i want more . 
 what kind of screwed up person wants more ? '' 
 i 'm nearly in tears , because i know what this means . 
 i 've read my textbooks , i 've studied . 
 we 're both totally f ** ked up and it 's the blind leading the blind . 
 we 're both going to fall down a hole . 
 sean starts laughing , and at first i 'm horrified that he 's laughing at me . 
 when he gets to the bed , he rips away the sheets and pulls me to my feet and walks me to the window . 
 i stumble along , letting him lead me , worried that his neighbors will see my nak * d body . 
 sean pulls me in front of him and then does the last thing i expect and pushes against my back , forcing my skin to the glass . 
 i gasp and try to shrink back , but he holds me there and whispers in my ear . 
 `` how does it feel ? '' 
 my heart is pounding , my n ** ples pucker from the cold , and i feel like i 'm being displayed like a piece of meat . 
 he presses his h * ps against my back letting me feel how ready he is . 
 `` answer me , avery . 
 tell me if you like this or not . '' 
 swallowing hard , i look over my shoulder at him , and nod . 
 `` it 's cold and wrong , and if you f ** ked me against the glass , i 'd come in a second because we should n't do it-but i like it . '' 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 i nod again and try to wiggle away from him . 
 my boobs are going to be frozen solid , plus i 'm pretty sure i see people down there . 
 `` sean ? '' 
 he does n't release me . 
 instead he holds me in place , revealing every last inch of me to whoever is walking below . 
 his lips find my neck and my tension eases . 
 he whispers , `` you want this , do n't you ? 
 you want me to pin you to the glass and f ** k you until you fall to your knees . '' 
 i nod , but refuse to think about the repercussions , which sean likes . 
 `` do n't think , just feel , avery . 
 do what feels right and if this feels right , do it . '' 
 before i can speak , he has his pants undone and i feel his hot dick slide across my backside before he shifts my h * ps and forces himself inside my wet folds . 
 sean has me on display as he pounds into me , harder and faster , while pressing me to the glass . 
 his hands tangle in my hair and pull it back , so i 'm looking up at the sky . 
 coils of lust build deep within me and travel through my body , making me gasp and beg for more . 
 he pulls my hair harder and pushes deeper , forcing my cli ** x to erupt in vocalized pleasure . 
 i claw at the glass as my body clutches and releases sean 's girth over and over again . 
 i 'm breathing so hard , and am still so enraptured , that i do n't realize what i 'm seeing at first . 
 after a few steadying breaths , sean pulls out and zips up . 
 he keeps me pressed to the glass , he 's not done with me yet , but the figure below is watching . 
 `` sean ? '' 
 `` mmm ? '' 
 his lips are on my neck with his body pressed firmly to mine . 
 `` someone 's there . '' 
 sean does n't move . 
 he stays there like he does n't think anything is wrong , but the way his body tenses tells me that no one should be anywhere near here . 
 `` can you see his face ? '' 
 `` no , he 's dressed in a dark coat and standing toward the tree line . 
 i saw something flash a second ago , like a piece of crystal or something , and ... '' before i can finish talking , sean jerks me away from the window and to the floor . 
 i do n't understand what 's happening or why he did it until a loud noise bursts through the room . 
 a scream rips from my throat at the same time that sean throws himself over me , and the floor-to-ceiling glass window explodes into a million pieces . 
