 chapter 1 the moment seems unreal . 
 never in a million years did i think that i would ever see sean ferro on his knee in front of me . 
 the idea of him proposing is preposterous , and yet , here he is on one knee holding up a ring . 
 my legs feel like they 're going to give way , but i do n't move . 
 it 's one of those few moments in life where time slows to a crawl , and i 'm acutely aware of everything around me . 
 the scent of the ocean , the sound of the waves , and the fuzzy new sweats are caressing my skin . 
 the fireplace crackles and a log breaks , sending a spray of sparks up the chimney . 
 i ca n't smile or speak . 
 i 'm suspended somewhere between reality and a dream . 
 there 's nothing that could break this moment . 
 i want it to last forever ; i want to treasure it as one of the few times that sean 's let me into his heart . 
 normally this man is so closed down , and so guarded , that it 's impossible to know what he 's thinking . 
 most days i have n't a clue of how he feels or what he actually wants . 
 i think i can see his affection for me in his eyes , but it 's not the same as hearing the words fall from those beautiful lips . 
 i crave to know what he thinks more than anything else , because those little confessions form an intimate connection between us . 
 there have been a few times where sean seemed unguarded-cardiac hill in the snow and this morning on the beach-but they 've been fleeting . 
 that version of sean appears in short bursts and is a glory to behold , and i crave more . 
 i live for those moments , and now that i 'm in one i 'm so afraid of shattering it . 
 in the past , sean has tried to open up , but then he did a one-eighty . 
 that was more crushing than if he 'd never let me get close to him at all . 
 the thing is , i ca n't blame him . 
 i 'm not saying it does n't make me want to throw things and my eye twitch-because it does-but i understand his hesitation . 
 i know what it means to try and love again after living through such a devastating loss . 
 there was a time when i thought that i could simply shut everyone out . 
 love is n't a requirement to live , and i 'd planned to do without . 
 it made sense at the time . 
 loss was too gruesome to bear , but then i met sean and i knew there was something about him . 
 our fates intertwined , and it 's finally more than that . 
 he wants me and he 's going to say as much . 
 that ring sparkles in front of me like a promise i thought he 'd never say . 
 i suck in a shaky breath and finally manage to tear my gaze away from the ring and over to sean 's face . 
 he looks vulnerable , with a childlike expression . 
 the hardened mask he constantly wears is gone , and i only see sincerity mingling with hope in those blue eyes . 
 it kills me that he 's been so alone for so long . 
 it 's like he does n't trust another soul on earth , but in this moment , he trusts me . 
 there was a time that i thought sean did n't have any hope , and that was what made us different from one another . 
 however , the emotion is clear . 
 hope . 
 it 's plainly visible , unmasked and unguarded . 
 sean thinks i can save him , and that he can save me . 
 he thinks we have a future together . 
 too many thoughts rush through my mind and spiral into a pit of concern . 
 what about that darkness within him ? 
 where did it go ? 
 does being sean 's wife mean that he needs that sexual control over me , that he 'll twist and manipulate my fears to suit his needs ? 
 i know he says that part of him is gone , but it ca n't be , can it ? 
 it 's been there too long to simply vanish . 
 i 'm not foolish enough to think that we 'll have a happily ever after , not with the amount of heartache we 've had . 
 but maybe we can make it to a bright spot in our otherwise hellish lives . 
 can we really save each other ? 
 the concerns turn to whispers and blur together . 
 i can no longer identify which worries are valid and which are fear . 
 anxiety trickles down my spine in a cold sheet as sean licks his lips . 
 his mouth parts and his voice pours out soft and unsure . 
 `` avery stanz , would you consider taking this ring and - '' every inch of my skin is tingling like my life is about to radically transform . 
 do n't smile , do n't do it . 
 for all i know he 's going to ask me something stupid and i need to keep my wits about me so i can kick him . 
 but , oh god , i want to grin and clasp my hands together . 
 sean would n't pretend to propose and then not do it . 
 there 's a happy dance building inside of me , making my heart flutter and the corners of my lips tip up . 
 anticipation and excitement are coursing through my veins as the words come from his heart . 
 everything is about to change . 
 then , it does . 
 the door to the little beach shack slams open and hits the concrete wall hard . 
 the sound cuts off sean 's question and he jumps to his feet when he sees who 's standing there . 
 chapter 2 gabe . 
 the man is covered in sweat like he 's been running . 
 he walks quickly toward us , straightening his rumpled suit . 
 `` i was n't here and i did n't see this , '' his hands fly in the air like he wants to punch something , `` whatever the f ** k this is . 
 avery , you know better . 
 i told you . '' 
 worry pinches his brow as he lets out a rush of air and points at the door . 
 `` go , get out of here and for the love of god , do n't wear the f ** king bracelet when you 're not working . 
 if black asks , i did n't find you . 
 you were already gone . '' 
 for a moment all i can do is blink , `` but , why are you - ' gabe looks at sean and some unspoken message passes from one man to the other . 
 gabe repeats , `` go . 
 separate . 
 find mel and work out your timeline before you check in tonight . '' 
 but i do n't move . 
 `` gabe , what 's happening ? '' 
 what 's wrong ? 
 because something is very off . 
 the old man stares at me and for a moment i think he 's seeing someone else , maybe a daughter . 
 i remind him of someone he cared about , someone that he failed somehow . 
 the haunted expression lingers at the back of his eyes as if he 's seeing a ghost . 
 `` avery , black knows about you two . 
 she 's always known , but she tolerated it . 
 something changed today . 
 i do n't know what , but her orders were to find you and remind you that you are her property , and to use excessive force in doing so . '' 
 sean tries to pull me away from gabe , but i know the old guy wo n't hurt us . 
 besides , if he was here to take my head off , he would have done it already . 
 `` sean , it 's all right . 
 he 's warning us , and i bet that he 's risking a lot to do it . '' 
 gabe 's eyes remain locked on mine . 
 his voice is pleading . 
 `` something changed . 
 i know you wo n't run , but you need to get away from her . 
 quit and walk away before this gets worse . 
 someone 's going to end up in a body bag before this is over and i sure as hell do n't want it to be you . '' 
 without another word , sean pulls at my hand and gives me the keys to his car . 
 `` go back to the dorm and lock yourself in your room . 
 i 'll check on you to make sure you 're all right . '' 
 `` sean ? '' 
 i do n't like this . 
 gabe and sean exchange looks , like there 's more to be said but they do n't want to say it in front of me . 
 it feels like i was booted off of cloud nine , did a free fall , and landed smack on my face . 
 emotional whiplash is a bitch . 
 `` what else is going on ? 
 you know that black knew about us , did n't you ? 
 then why is she - '' `` no , we 're not discussing this right now . '' 
 sean 's gaze slips over me quickly . 
 `` where 's the bracelet ? '' 
 `` at the bottom of my purse . 
 i did n't realize ... '' i did n't think she 'd be tracking me for kicks . 
 it 's the first time that i really realize miss black is n't the business woman she appears to be . 
 i 've been thinking of her as a boss , but she is n't . 
 she 's more than that , much more . 
 my jaw flops around . 
 there are so many things i want to say , but they all sound stupid now . 
 i 'm naive . 
 miss black is n't some passive woman trying to make a quick buck . 
 call girls are her empire and she 's the queen , which makes me a pawn . 
 sean watches me for a second and i get the feeling that the imaginary marriage is slipping between my fingers . 
 `` avery , we 'll fix this . 
 we need to proceed like nothing 's wrong , like we do n't know . 
 you did n't see gabe , and we were n't together today . 
 go into her office tonight and act like you do n't care . 
 do whatever you have to do to get in and out of there quickly . 
 if i thought she 'd hurt you , there 's no way i 'd send you in , but black has other plans . '' 
 he glances at gabe . 
 `` what 'd she want you to do if you found us together ? '' 
 `` throw punches and snap a few bones , enough to make her point but not so much that she needs major medical attention . '' 
 gabe stops speaking suddenly . 
 there 's more there , something he 's not telling us . 
 sean nods and takes my shoulders in his hands and looks into my eyes . 
 `` listen , everything will be fine . 
 i 'll make certain of it . 
 i 'll grab pete and jon if i have to . 
 god knows they owe me one . 
 i 'll get you away from her . 
 you 'll show up later and this will be the last night you work for that woman . '' 
 there 's a faint smile on his lips as he leans in close enough to kiss me and whispers , `` after tonight , you 'll be mine , and i very much hope that you 'll say yes . '' 
 he smiles at me , kisses my forehead , and pushes me toward the door . 
 chapter 3 that 's the end of the conversation . 
 i 'm shoved in the car and am back on the road before i can think . 
 driving past the sand dunes , i wonder about black 's other thug and what to do if that guy finds me . 
 god , i feel sick . 
 it 's like someone has been playing pong with my stomach . 
 i crack the window and creep along the road until i hit the parkway . 
 it feels like i 'm missing something that should be obvious , but i do n't see it . 
 when i started working for black , mel told me that i could leave-that i could take one client and be done with it-but things did n't work out that way . 
 it 's like i 'm her only call girl . 
 for a second , i wonder how many women black employs . 
 i 've only ever seen mel , but that does n't mean there are n't other girls . 
 i 've seen the thick files on her desk , right before she enters the data into her computer . 
 black 's operation takes in a lot of money , and she has a shortage of girls . 
 even so , something does n't sit right . 
 i ca n't put my finger on what 's wrong , but it feels perilous . 
 is there another connection between all these people ? 
 gabe , black , naked guy , mel , henry thomas , and sean ferro . 
 i think back , trying to make connections between them . 
 but , other than henry and sean , there are n't any obvious ones . 
 maybe i 'm a paranoid psycho for even thinking this way , but it feels like i 'm standing in the middle of a chessboard and all the other players are moving into position . 
 my gut instinct is that it has nothing to do with being a call girl , but that does n't make any sense . 
 all these people are in my life because i 'm a hooker . 
 there 's no real connection between these people . 
 well , that 's not entirely true . 
 there is one connection between all of them-me . 
 my throat tightens . 
 am i being played ? 
 if so , why ? 
 i mean , i 'm a nobody . 
 if my name showed up in the paper , accused of some heinous crime , no one would care . 
 and , my sexting files ? 
 being outed as a hooker would end my career , but it would also get black 's ass thrown into prison . 
 it would ruin both of us . 
 so , why would she do that ? 
 that ca n't be it . 
 black is trying to keep a hold on me , and maybe it 's about the money and nothing more . 
 i try to shove the puzzle pieces together over and over again , but they do n't fit . 
 i 'm the only link between all these people and i 'm also the only person getting dicked around . 
 no one messes with black or gabe or thug # 2 . 
 damn it ! 
 what the hell is that guy 's name ? 
 i need to remember . 
 when i get back to the dorm , i park at the back of the lot and run to the building and up the staircase . 
 by the time i 'm on my floor , i 'm sweating and shaking . 
 heart pounding , i race to mel 's room and knock . 
 she 's always here a few hours before a client , getting ready , but she does n't answer . 
 instead asia pops her head out . 
 `` what 's up , avery ? '' 
 she looks me over and arches an eyebrow . 
 `` were you making-out with seaweed again ? '' 
 again ? 
 wtf ? 
 ignoring her jab , i ask , `` where 's mel ? '' 
 asia throws out her hip and rests her head against the edge of the door . 
 `` working . 
 her boss called her in early . 
 she said that she 'd meet you there . '' 
 the skin on the back of my neck prickles instantly and spreads , covering my arms and snaking around my neck like a noose . 
 i stand shivering and speechless . 
 asia looks back into the darkened room . 
 it 's pitch black and a voice i do n't recognize calls her name . 
 she says , `` one second , '' over her shoulder and then steps out into the hallway , pulling the door closed behind her . 
 `` what 's the matter ? 
 you look like you 're going to hurl . 
 is mel all right ? '' 
 i nod a few times and force a smile . 
 it feels like a trap . 
 there are neon signs lighting up and exploding in my head , but i still ca n't see the connection . 
 hiding my apprehension , i manage a normal tone and make something up . 
 `` yeah , everything 's great . 
 i just thought we were riding to work together , that 's all . 
 no biggie . '' 
 asia knows i 'm lying but does n't say anything . 
 she has the look on her face that my mother used to have when i told a bald-faced lie . 
 asia tucks her hair behind her ear . 
 `` call me if you need anything , or if mel does . 
 i 'm around tonight . '' 
 she winks at me and tips her head toward the door , indicating that they 're not knitting in there . 
 `` will do ! '' 
 my voice is too chipper . 
 i 'm a horrible liar . 
 chapter 4 i walk down the hallway to my room and slide the key into the lock . 
 i 'd rather smack my skull against the door , but that wo n't fix anything . 
 the idea that someone is playing me makes me irate . 
 i did n't think i was that stupid . 
 kicking the door open , i go inside and toss my keys on the table as the door swings shut behind me . 
 it 's dark , except for amber 's pink lava lamp glowing dimly next to her bed . 
 amber must be out at dinner or something . 
 a sound catches my ear , something like a foot sliding across the carpet . 
 my skin prickles like i 'm not alone . 
 the sound was as light as a cat 's paw , barely there , but i heard it . 
 turning quickly , i grope the wall , looking for the light switch . 
 my thumb catches the edge , so i shove it upward . 
 light pours from the ceiling as my eyes dart through the shadows scanning for a sign of what made the sound . 
 my muscles are flexed , like i 'm ready to run or beat the shit out of someone . 
 god , if amber is hiding in her closet , i 'm going to lose it . 
 my gaze flicks to a pair of scissors on the counter . 
 i pluck them from their place and hold them like a dagger , stalking slowly toward the source of the noise . 
 it came from amber 's side of the room . 
 i feel stupid , because i 'm certain that no one is there . 
 it was probably a card falling to the floor or something dumb , because i do n't hear anything else . 
 it 's quiet , save for the sound of my breathing . 
 stepping slowly toward her closet , i reach for the knob , and jerk it open . 
 jumping back , i hold tighter to the shears and raise them up over my head , expecting to need to stab something , but nothing is there . 
 just clothes . 
 there are no nefarious feet hidden behind amber 's dresses and no glowing red eyes . 
 i stumble back and let out a rush of air as a shiver works its way up my arm . 
 i sit down hard on amber 's bed and try to calm down . 
 my heart is racing like crazy and i can barely breathe . 
 what the hell was i going to do with a pair of scissors anyway ? 
 i do n't think i 'd have the guts to stab someone in the face if it came down to it . 
 those are situations i 'd rather not think about , because part of me thinks i 'm so far gone that i 'd do whatever i had to do . 
 pretending i 'm still human , that i could use my deductive reasoning to outsmart someone , rather than stab them to death , sounds better . 
 as if i 'd be mentally superior to anyone . 
 i 'm shaking , trying to shoo away the worries that swarm around me . 
 what if ... ? 
 what if ... ? 
 they whisper the words at me over and over again . 
 what if nothing ! 
 no one is here . 
 i do n't have to think about what i can do or what i would do . 
 no one is stalking me and my imagination is in hyperdrive . 
 i just need to slow down . 
 i go for my phone and for the first time ever , i think about texting sean . 
 i want to tell him that i 'm freaked and hear his voice , but i know i should n't . 
 if black saw it , she 'd have proof that we were together . 
 but if she already knows , maybe i have nothing to lose ? 
 i 'm close to trembling and turning into a snotty mess . 
 but then i see gabe 's face and hear his voice in my mind , and i ca n't give black more ammo to shoot me with . 
 i ca n't text sean unless someone is actually killing me . 
 it takes me a moment to get my hysterical self under control and punch in a different number . 
 mel picks up on the third ring . 
 `` ca n't talk now , avery . '' 
 her voice is clipped , but it does n't sound like she 's shoved under someone 's floorboards or getting her neck slit . 
 what the hell is wrong with me ? 
 mel can handle herself . 
 i 'm the question mark , not her . 
 i spit it out , `` i 'm quitting . 
 i ca n't take this anymore , mel . 
 i 'm not coming . '' 
 `` you better . 
 i 'll come over there and haul your ass from that dorm room . 
 some jackass booked a threesome and guess whose names got pulled . 
 i 'm relieved it 's you and not trish this time - '' crap , she does n't know that sean 's the guy who hired us . 
 i do n't have time to explain that right now . 
 `` mel , shut up and listen . 
 something weird is going on . 
 i 'm majorly creeped out . 
 i swear to god that it feels like someone 's been in my room . '' 
 she shushes someone and there 's a moment filled with the sound of her hand over the phone . 
 `` look around while i 'm on the phone . 
 hurry up . '' 
 `` i already did . 
 no one 's here . 
 nothing 's out of place , but it feels wrong . '' 
 i bite the tip of my finger and glance at the door again to make sure it 's still locked . 
 `` you 're just worked up . 
 do n't worry about anything . 
 go change in my room if you want . '' 
 i know she 's just saying it to be nice , but we 're both thinking the same thing . 
 someone was in here . 
 glancing around again , i try to pinpoint what 's been touched , but nothing is obvious . 
 after switching my phone to the other ear , i tell her , `` asia is doing someone in your room . '' 
 mel laughs . 
 `` good for her . 
 it took them long enough . 
 damn . '' 
 her hand covers the phone again before she adds , `` i got ta go , chica . 
 i 'll see you at black 's in a bit . '' 
 the line goes dead . 
 i toss my phone onto my bed and walk into the bathroom . 
 my heart has resumed a normal pace and i 'm starting to feel stupid for being so freaked out . 
 the first time i stayed home alone i was 9 years old and i could n't calm down the entire time . 
 every noise was a threat . 
 i finally grabbed our fat tabby cat and bunkered down at the top of the staircase with my little heart beating uber fast . 
 i totally thought i was going to die . 
 the cat on the other hand thought i was insane because i would n't let him leave my side , but he did n't know about my cat-in-the-face attack plan . 
 it would have worked , too . 
 a startled , orange , thirty-pound cat smacking into some dude 's head would have thrown him off balance long enough for me to jump out the bedroom window . 
 maybe i have too much imagination , but when i get freaked out , i can get a little bit weird . 
 like now . 
 leaning into the shower stall , i turn on the water . 
 after letting it flow over my hand for a few seconds , i adjust the temperature . 
 pulling off my shoes , i toss them on the floor and pad over to the closet to get my bathrobe , my little basket filled with soaps and hair care products , and the best razor in the world . 
 amber 's not here . 
 this is nice . 
 there 's no sign of naked guy and i can take my time . 
 sean and gabe are looking out for me . 
 there 's nothing to worry about , although i may need to consider the purchase of a new attack cat . 
 amber would n't notice . 
 god , my life is a mess . 
 graduation ca n't come fast enough . 
 i 'll get my degree and finally get things rolling . 
 i can picture myself there , in graduate school , and how my life will look after i make it through my degree . 
 i think about those things , about the future that seems to be constantly crumbling as i slip out of my clothes and pull on my robe . 
 my mood is turning to crap . 
 i need to sniff the entire bottle of honeysuckle soap . 
 maybe mix it up with sweet pea and warm vanilla sugar . 
 i 'll smell like a yummy fruit cocktail . 
 they totally need to make cake scented body wash . 
 i 'd probably eat the bottle . 
 mmmm . 
 cake . 
 sighing , i set the basket of goodies on the ledge inside the stall , before pulling the door shut . 
 the little room is like the inside of a cloud as steamy mist billows from the shower stall . 
 my gaze finally lifts to the mirror . 
 every thought falls out of my head as panic comes back , full force , choking me . 
 steam swirls in the humid air , fogging the glass , as letters slowly appear . 
 be afraid chapter 5 i watch without blinking as words form in front of my eyes . 
 for half a second i wonder if amber is screwing with me , but there 's no way . 
 she would n't have written this . 
 the edges of the letters start to drip down the glass . 
 my body tenses as my arms start to shake . 
 before i can think , i react . 
 my hand wipes away the words and condensation smears across the glass . 
 rivulets drip from the mirror and moisture clings to my hand . 
 i stand there , frozen for a second , and then bust out of the bathroom and run down the hallway . 
 i bang on asia 's door like a lunatic and i honestly have no idea what i 'm going to say , because everything sounds nuts . 
 asia peeks through the crack in the door . 
 her face is flushed and her hair is messy . 
 `` you have really bad timing . '' 
 `` this is going to sound crazy , but can you guys come down to my room ? '' 
 asia gives me a really weird look and nearly closes the door in my face . 
 i manage to get my fingers into the space between the door and the jamb before she closes it . 
 `` ahhh ! 
 i did n't mean it like that . '' 
 she opens the door a little bit and looks really annoyed . 
 `` talk fast , avery . '' 
 `` someone is messing with me and they only seem to do it when i 'm alone . 
 i need to get ready for work and my roommate is gone . 
 can you guys come and hang out in my room ? 
 you can stay there for the rest of the night . '' 
 `` we were going to stay here for the rest of the night . '' 
 `` yeah , but mel will be back around two o'clock . 
 i 'll give you my room until morning . '' 
 i give her my best puppy dog face and clutch my hands together under my chin . 
 begging looks awesome on me . 
 her eyes flick up and down like she 's considering it . 
 `` what about your roommate ? '' 
 `` she 's fine with it . '' 
 mainly , because she does n't know about it , but hey , amber 's locked me out enough times and this is totally worth it . 
 dropping my hands , i straighten . 
 `` please , asia . 
 i 'll only be there for half an hour and then the place is yours . '' 
 she rolls her eyes and looks back at the bed . 
 `` wait . '' 
 asia pushes the door shut and i hear her muffled voice through the wall . 
 a moment later she reappears wearing a bathrobe , with a tall guy behind her . 
 he takes her hand and leans in , pressing kisses to her neck . 
 apparently no bed is n't a problem for him , because he keeps kissing her like they 're still alone . 
 his hands slip around her waist from behind and cup her br ** sts over her robe . 
 asia moans as she tips her head to the side , before replying , `` deal . 
 you 're homeless until 10am . '' 
 `` done . '' 
 holy shit , this is awkward . 
 they 're much more into public displays of affection than i am . 
 the way they behave makes my face turn red . 
 the guy does whatever he wants and asia lets him . 
 it does n't matter that they 're in the middle of the hall . 
 i race back to my room . 
 the shower is still running . 
 i duck inside before i see much more and get dressed as fast as possible . 
 the sounds of sex reach me through the walls as i pull on my lingerie and stockings . 
 miss black is still going to check everything even though mel and i are n't actually having a three way . 
 after applying my make-up , i grab my purse and duck out the door , but not before seeing mel 's sweet , meek roommate doing insanely kinky things . 
 i need to scrub my brain with bleach . 
 i 'm a hooker and what i just saw asia doing shocked me . 
 you 're a bad hooker , a little voice tells me . 
 yeah , that 's my problem . 
 oh crap , now i 'm having conversations with myself . 
 i growl as i race down the stairs with my sneakers on my feet and my fuck-me heels in hand . 
 after finding my car , i drive to black 's as quickly as possible . 
 i do n't want to be alone and i 'm so spooked that i 'd rather be around her than no one at all . 
 when i step out of the elevator , gabe is there . 
 he does n't look at me , but he falls in step and says in a low voice , `` i 've got your back . 
 ferro will rip this place apart looking for you if we are n't on time tonight , so do n't linger , and avery , '' i look over at him and swallow hard . 
 `` do n't piss her off . 
 she 's in a mood and if i did n't know better , i 'd think someone 's got her by the balls . '' 
 gabe suddenly veers off down a different hall without further explanation of anything . 
 i make my way to miss black 's office and can hear her talking to someone on the phone . 
 her voice carries through the door . 
 `` i 'm well aware of that and you can rest assured that it wo n't happen . 
 i know what i 'm doing . 
 yes , well - '' her voice cuts off abruptly . 
 gabe must have told her i was here , either that or she can see through wood . 
 when i step up to her door , i find it 's opened a crack . 
 i look inside without pushing the door open . 
 `` stop lurking , avery . 
 it 's rude . '' 
 miss black stands and walks over to me . 
 she 's dressed neatly and looks completely respectable . 
 you 'd never know that she made her living selling sex . 
 she snaps her fingers at me . 
 `` i do n't like that dress , so i hope you have something better underneath . '' 
 i know better than to say anything . 
 the little black dress is pretty with a scoop neck and a swishy skirt . 
 it does n't scream hooker . 
 apparently we ca n't both look respectable . 
 black narrows her gaze and shoots me a disgusted look , followed by an overdramatic sigh . 
 wonderful . 
 she 's even worse than gabe let on . 
 i hate this , but i do it anyway . 
 reaching around to the side , i unzip my dress , and step out of it . 
 i 'm wearing a black lacy demi bra with bits of purple trim along the cups . 
 i 'm practically spilling out the top . 
 the bottoms are a black cheeky panty with a bow right above my bare ass . 
 it 's been tickling me every time i take a step and since scratching my ass is a fashion faux pas , it 's been driving me nuts . 
 `` turn , '' black commands with her hand on her chin and a look of sheer annoyance on her face . 
 she lets out an irritated breath when she sees my back . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 she reaches for the bow and tugs it , nearly knocking me over . 
 `` i told you to only wear string bottoms . 
 these are n't good enough . 
 no one cares about your bow covered butt , avery . '' 
 miss black walks to her desk and opens a drawer . 
 when she comes back , she does n't even look at me . 
 instead , she takes scissors and clips twice . 
 the piece of fabric that made up my cute little panties falls to the floor . 
 i want to cover myself and yell at her , but i do n't . 
 i remain rigid and stare straight ahead , chanting to myself , shut up , avery . 
 do n't say a word . 
 do n't fight back . 
 just stare straight ahead . 
 it 's my theme song , or i swear to god , i 'd hit her . 
 chapter 6 i 'm so bent out of shape and such an emotional mess that i could totally go all ninja on her ass . 
 the thing is , i think black would kill me and stuff my head in her stapler drawer before i could throw a punch . 
 actually having mad skills is n't anything like the cartoonish self-defensive stuff i know , which is comprised of two things : falling to the floor and screaming . 
 crap like that does n't help when your boss cuts off your underwear in the middle of her office . 
 black walks over to her closet and pulls out a dark garment bag . 
 she glances up at me . 
 `` i 'm taking this out of your check . '' 
 she holds it out for me . 
 i step towards her like it 's totally normal to walk around in heels , thigh highs , and a bra . 
 it does n't matter that my snatch patch is n't covered . 
 at least it should n't , not by now , not if i was doing what i was supposed to be doing , but since the only client i 've been with is sean , it still bothers me . 
 `` stop sulking and put it on . '' 
 she snaps at me again , before sitting on the edge of her desk and folding her arms across her chest . 
 i take the dress out of the bag and manage to bite my tongue . 
 there 's nothing to it . 
 i pull the clothing off the hanger and slip it on . 
 apparently i 'm taking too long , because miss black huffs over and slaps my hands . 
 `` let me do it . 
 honestly , avery , i have no idea how you can be so utterly incompetent and so desirable at the same time . 
 it seems like everyone is asking for you lately . 
 i 've had a hard time selling anyone in your place . '' 
 she yanks on my girls , making my eyes bug out of my head , shifting them under the dress . 
 she 's horrible . 
 i hope she gets hit by a truck later . 
 i try to focus on what she said instead of what she 's doing to the girls . 
 `` in my place ? 
 why , did someone try to book me tonight , besides mr. ferro ? '' 
 miss black runs her hand along my bra and smooths the fabric . 
 the neckline dips , forming a thin v as it comes across my chest and down to my waist . 
 this is a slut dress . 
 it 's skin tight , too short , and backless . 
 her gaze flicks up to mine . 
 `` of course . 
 every client you 've had wanted you , plus some . 
 your reputation is spreading , which is wonderful . 
 they all want you . 
 i 've received several calls from clients-new and old-who want to book you at the same time . 
 it 's a full moon or something . 
 i got the rest to accept someone else , but one man insisted on having you and paid for it . 
 i could n't tell him no . '' 
 `` you double booked me ? '' 
 i sound appalled . 
 miss black answers without looking at my face . 
 her eyes rove my body , looking at the new dress . 
 `` it 's not a big deal , just go by the second room before you leave the city . 
 he said he 'd wait for you . 
 i explained that you had a previous obligation . '' 
 my jaw is clicking and i 'm pretty sure my head is ready to spin off my shoulders . 
 `` miss black , i actually wanted to talk to you . '' 
 my boss looks up and i know that i have her full attention . 
 do n't be timid , avery . 
 spit it out . 
 squaring my shoulders , i say , `` i do n't think i can do this anymore . 
 i mean , if tonight was n't with mel , i do n't know what i would have done . '' 
 she spins me around and pulls the dress into place at my shoulders and smooths more of the fabric as she runs her palms over my hips , before swatting my butt . 
 `` i told you to lose weight . 
 this is becoming a problem . '' 
 did she just say that i 'm fat ? 
 blinking , i shake my head and stare at her . 
 `` did you hear me ? 
 i do n't want to do this anymore . '' 
 miss black steps away from my back and walks around to face me . 
 there 's a pleasant smile on her face , very similar to the one she had when i first met her . 
 `` avery , dear , do you know how much money you 'll make if we continue to book each of these men once a week-once a month , even ? 
 your weekly pay check will be well into dreamland territory and all you have to do is keep these rich men begging for more . 
 i have no idea how you do it , but they clearly want you . '' 
 she folds her arms over her chest while she stares at my cl ** vage . 
 she pokes at my left boob , like it 's not in the right place . 
 what just happened ? 
 i quit twice and she basically ignored me . 
 `` miss black - '' before i can say another word , she steps toward me , close enough to kiss , and presses her finger to my lips . 
 her voice is a lethal whisper . 
 `` if i only knew how you did it , i could show each one of my girls and there 'd be more money than any of us ever dreamed , more money than you 'd make in a lifetime , avery . 
 there 's something about you that makes these men crave you and willing to pay any price to have you sate their lust , but somehow you always leave them wanting more . 
 and they want so much more ... '' her dark eyes are on my mouth and the moment has moved from weird to utterly uncomfortable . 
 miss black 's perfect ruby red lips pull into a smile as her finger slips away . 
 i stand there frozen , wondering what she means by that . 
 her long dark lashes are lowered and she remains too close for too long , breathing deeply with her lips parted like she wants to say something else . 
 the sound of static saves me . 
 black rolls her eyes and turns back toward her desk . 
 `` mel is here . '' 
 gabe 's voice through the intercom is detached and devoid of emotion . 
 what ? 
 mel was supposed to be here already . 
 what the hell is gabe talking about ? 
 a moment later , mel is at the door . 
 `` hey , miss black . '' 
 she bounds into the room with a fake smile to hide her nerves . 
 mel is n't afraid of anyone , but she 's fearful of black . 
 mel 's wearing a flirty red dress similar to the one i had on before my shameful scolding . 
 she spins and it floats up in a circle , showing off her lacy thigh highs and new panties . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 `` it 's perfect , mel . '' 
 my jaw drops and i make a face . 
 `` what ! 
 that 's just like the dress i had on ! '' 
 `` yes , dear , but mel wearing a cute dress is ironic , while on you , it 's just cute and cute does n't sell . '' 
 mel looks over at me and whistles . 
 `` hot damn , avery . 
 that dress is tight . 
 i like how the little bits of purple lace peak out from your bra . 
 that is one hot look . '' 
 i want to strangle her . 
 miss black smiles . 
 `` it appears that one of avery 's talents is teasing , so she should play up the anticipation , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` fuck , yeah . 
 i 'd do you looking like that . '' 
 mel laughs with black as they both head over to the table outside her office . 
 the conversation continues , but the words sean said come back to me . 
 he thinks she has a thing for me , but i do n't get that vibe from her . 
 mel teases , that 's all . 
 she was n't serious . 
 `` so , who are we doing ? '' 
 mel asks , as black measures her . 
 she is n't asked to strip . 
 i guess the hands on treatment is just for me . 
 wth ? 
 `` mr. ferro . '' 
 miss black says calmly as she pulls out the papers and slides them towards us on the desk . 
 mel nearly chokes , but recovers quickly and does n't look up at me . 
 she groans , like she does n't want to go , and leans back in her chair . 
 `` he 's one messed up piece of work , miss black . '' 
 `` i realize that , but he requested both of you and said he was impressed with your previous services . 
 the fee was quite high , but he paid it , so maybe you wo n't mind so much . '' 
 she winks at mel and slips a piece of paper toward her . 
 mel is in the middle of a sentence by the time she picks up the paper . 
 `` no amount of money could make me want to go back to that guy 's ... holy shit . 
 are you for real ? '' 
 mel can act , that 's for sure . 
 she looks completely surprised . 
 black smiles serenely . 
 `` yes , so let him do whatever he wants . '' 
 `` done , '' mel sits up and grabs a pen . 
 `` where do i sign ? '' 
 miss black points and mel scribbles her name . 
 `` these are for next week . 
 more of the regular . '' 
 black hands the papers to mel and she signs up for a few more appointments . 
 `` and miss stanz , here are your clients . '' 
 she pushes a paper toward me . 
 they 're names , not contracts , because i no longer get to agree to anything . 
 i go where she tells me , and do whatever the guy wants . 
 i do n't take the paper . 
 taking a deep breath , i stiffen and stand my ground . 
 `` i was serious , miss black . 
 i ca n't do this anymore . 
 mr. ferro is my last client . '' 
 suddenly , i have no idea what to do with my hands so i fold them over my chest . 
 miss black smiles at me . 
 she 's seated at the table across from mel , with her long lean legs crossed at the knee with one foot bobbing up and down . 
 she taps the pen once on the paper . 
 `` i see . 
 and there 's nothing i can do to change your mind ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` no amount of money will make it more enticing for you to stay ? '' 
 mel watches the exchange without comment , but her head turns side to side like a dog watching a tennis ball . 
 fear prickles my skin , but my voice is firm . 
 `` it 's not about money . 
 i ca n't do it anymore . 
 i 'm not cut out for this . '' 
 miss black grins tightly before looking over at mel . 
 `` well , we ca n't make you stay , miss stanz . 
 although we strongly encourage it . '' 
 there 's something menacing in her tone . 
 it completely contradicts the light smile on her lips . 
 i glance at mel , but she seems just as surprised as i am . 
 stepping over to black , i ask , `` what are you saying ? '' 
 miss black stands so we 're eye to eye . 
 her gaze is intimidating , but i do n't look away and i wo n't back up . 
 when black speaks , she 's so close that her minty breath washes over my face . 
 `` that your life will be better if you work here and worse if you choose to leave . '' 
 her mouth hugs each word tightly , like it 's a simple statement and nothing more . 
 a smile spreads across her face that instantly sends a jolt of ice down my spine . 
 gabe told me to get out of here as fast as i can . 
 i 'm out of options . 
 she 's not letting me quit and talking is getting me nowhere . 
 i wish i could say something else , but nothing comes to mind . 
 the only way out is to agree with her , so that 's what i do . 
 `` maybe you 're right . 
 maybe more money will make it more tolerable . '' 
 my gaze drops to the floor and miss black beams at me , and touches my shoulder lightly . 
 `` excellent . 
 i knew i could count on you , avery . 
 we are going to be very rich women when this is over . 
 just wait . 
 your dream of being a marriage therapist will seem trite in comparison . '' 
 her words are like barbs . 
 each one is shot with precision directly into me . 
 her intention is to belittle my dreams and show me that i can have everything if i stay with her . 
 black knows she 's losing me , that i do n't want to be here anymore , so she 's throwing logic in my face . 
 it 's difficult to ignore her when she makes so much sense . 
 i 've worked my ass off for my degree . 
 it 's a piece of paper that will allow me to get another piece of paper that will allow me to finally become what i always wanted to be . 
 when i was younger , i could see myself in a big old house with a little office around on the side . 
 there was a husband and a baby inside . 
 they were dreams and i was content with the thought of middle class life , and trying to get by like everyone else . 
 but what she just said , the things she is offering , make those dreams seem so fragile . 
 i 've been walking on cracking ice for a while now , and it 's been growing thinner and thinner . 
 one misstep will destroy everything . 
 somehow the certainties that i once held have all been snatched away . 
 one rumor , one wrong place at the wrong time , or one accusation could ruin me and i 'd be worse off than i am now . 
 alone , i 'd have no way to support myself . 
 every issue of my life could stabilize if i say yes and continue to work here . 
 i could have my own fortune , and i would n't be subject to the whims of other people . 
 that 's what black 's offering and it makes so much sense that it hurts . 
 she knew exactly what to say , where to strike . 
 for a second , i look at black . 
 my words are meant to find a soft spot in her armor , a longing for a life she let slip away . 
 `` what were your dreams when you were my age ? 
 what did you want to be , miss black ? '' 
 my tone implies that there was no way she chose this job , but the look on her face says otherwise . 
 stepping towards me , her voice takes on a caring tone that sounds too motherly to be coming from her mouth . 
 `` i dreamt of power , and was willing to do anything necessary to secure my future . 
 you 'd be foolish if you do n't do the same . 
 in the end , the only person you can depend on is you . 
 people come and go , they 're born and die . 
 the only constant in your life is you . '' 
 numbness spreads through me like poison , lurching from my fingertips to my toes . 
 i can barely move . 
 black has found something that terrifies me more than small spaces , and this time when an imaginary coffin flashes before my eyes , i 'm not trapped in it . 
 instead , i 'm in a funeral home and looking down at sean . 
 chapter 7 i 'm not normal anymore . 
 at one time i might have been mainstream , but not now . 
 there are too many nightmares that walk about in daylight , and black just pinpointed my worst fear . 
 i barely survived my parents ' deaths . 
 i could n't make it through sean 's , and yet , everyone must die . 
 it 's a matter of when and how much time we have left . 
 i do n't suppose other people think about death the way i do . 
 sometimes i imagine the worst thing possible , trying to brace myself for it , so i never feel so off balance again . 
 the day my parents died was unexpected . 
 there was nothing to brace me , no one to hold me up . 
 at times like that a person finds out how strong they are , and i 've started to think that i am not weak . 
 i endured it and i can still smile . 
 i lived through tragedy and still breathe . 
 i got to tomorrow and things looked brighter , but black saying that-suggesting that one day i 'll be alone again-cut me to the core . 
 she found my weakness . 
 we leave the building without another word . 
 gabe has the limo waiting out front , so mel and i slip inside and get out of the chilly night air . 
 sighing , i lean my head back against the seat as gabe drives us in silence . 
 mel finally speaks , `` do n't let her get inside your head . 
 that 's what she was trying to do , avery . 
 shove her out . '' 
 i wish it were that simple , but black 's words planted a seed in my mind . 
 the thought is already growing , vining around inside my head like a rampant weed . 
 i do n't want it there , but she spoke the truth . 
 the thought of losing sean terrifies me . 
 i ca n't go back to that life where i was barely glued together . 
 i 'm not strong enough to live through it again . 
 `` i know , but she knew what she was doing and honed in on something that scares me more than anything . 
 the stupid thing is that i had no idea it was there . 
 i mean , i always said my biggest fear was being trapped inside a closet or something . 
 she blindsided me , that 's all , and it would have been easier to blow her off if it was n't the truth . '' 
 `` people weave the truth into lies all the time , avery . 
 it 's the best way to bring someone down , and that 's what black 's trying to do to you . '' 
 mel glances up at gabe . 
 her eyes shift away from him , like maybe she should n't be saying these things in front of him . 
 `` gabe wo n't repeat anything . 
 say whatever you 're thinking . '' 
 i slouch back in the seat , trying to keep my butt from peeking out from under my way-too-short dress . 
 gabe glances back at us and nods once . 
 `` i do n't hear nothin ' . '' 
 he stares ahead at the traffic . 
 `` first of all , i feel guilty . 
 i had no idea things were going to turn out like this . 
 i 'm sorry , avery . 
 i really am . 
 and no matter what she says , no matter what she tells you , do n't wade deeper into this shit than you already are . 
 you 'll never get out , and that 's what she wants . 
 i have no idea why , but black wants you . 
 it 's personal . 
 if you give in and stay , you 'll never get out . '' 
 i 'm staring at the floor while she speaks . 
 mel has a good point , and i want to tell her she 's right so that she 'll stop worrying about me . 
 `` mel , i 'm not going back after tonight . 
 this is the last time . '' 
 `` avery , '' there 's a warning tone in her voice , `` you ca n't blow off black like that . '' 
 glancing at her out of the corner of my eye , i ask , `` then how do i quit , mel ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 right now you have too many clients asking for you . 
 she knows how much you 're worth and what it means to lose you . 
 you 're irreplaceable in her head . 
 she said as much tonight . '' 
 i give her a weird look because i did n't think she heard that part of our conversation . 
 mel was n't there for most of it . 
 she rolls her eyes and huffs . 
 `` i was listening outside the door , okay ? 
 i told you that i was at black 's and i was . 
 i just was n't in her office yet . '' 
 `` what were you doing ? '' 
 by the sound of it , mel was doing something she should n't have been . 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` nothing that you need to know about . 
 you 're in enough trouble , but let 's just say i overheard some of the things she said to you in private , all right , and i do n't like this avery . '' 
 mel shivers and rubs her hands over her arms . 
 `` something 's not right , not anymore . 
 i mean , getting that many requests is strange . 
 your price goes sky high and they back off or leave because they ca n't afford you . 
 where the hell are these guys getting their money ? 
 you should be unattainable by now . '' 
 `` maybe black made the whole thing up and the only guy asking for me over and over again is sean . '' 
 she nods and touches her finger to her lips , unblinking . 
 `` black 's never said that to me , but then again , i have n't tried to leave . '' 
 for a second , i 'm afraid that she still feels guilty . 
 i ca n't read her when she 's so still and quiet . 
 `` there 's no way you could have known . '' 
 she nods again , slowly bobbing her head up and down , still dazed . 
 gabe drops us off at the front of the hotel and drives away . 
 mel and i walk across the lobby without a word . 
 there are so many eyes on me , sizing me up , and wondering what kind of slut i am to be wearing this dress . 
 it makes my pulse race faster , but i manage to hold onto my confident stance and keep my head held high . 
 this is a game , this facade is n't who i am , it 's an illusion . 
 mel and i ride the elevator to sean 's floor before we step off and head down the hall . 
 that 's when a gush of words erupts from mel 's mouth . 
 `` i was wrong , so goddamn wrong to pull you into this . 
 i said she was n't a pimp , that she did n't do shit like this , and here she is doing it . 
 avery , i swear to god - '' mel 's voice is strained and her eyes have that vacant stare that so often accompanies guilt . 
 this is n't her fault , no matter what happens , i 'll never blame her . 
 i stop abruptly , grab mel 's shoulders and look her in the eye . 
 `` there is no way you knew that black was like this . 
 i believe you . 
 you 're not responsible for whatever happens next . 
 i 'm the one who agreed to come , i 'm the one who signed up to be this , and i 'm the one who will have to deal with the consequences . 
 it 's not your fault mel . '' 
 her gaze falls to the side , like she ca n't look me in the eye , which is weird for mel . 
 `` i took you there and said it was safe . 
 i screwed up , avery . '' 
 she 's mad at herself and upset for me . 
 there 's no telling what will happen or how hard it will be to defy black , but no matter what happens , it 's not her fault . 
 this was my doing , not hers . 
 `` mel , that night you asked me to go and meet your boss , i could have said no , and i did n't . 
 after i found out what the job was , i could have said no . 
 i had the opportunity to say no and walk away so many times . 
 the fact is , i took the job and nothing you said made me do it . 
 everything will be fine . 
 do n't worry about it . '' 
 that 's a big fat lie . 
 i have no idea how everything will work out . 
 it feels like i have a pack of pissed off people snarling and circling . 
 black can lunge at me with her fangs bared at any time . 
 with my luck , it 'll be tomorrow . 
 sean 's voice comes from over my shoulder . 
 `` do n't worry about what ? '' 
 chapter 8 when i turn around , his eyes ravish me , boldly lingering in places they should n't . 
 i smack his chest and scold him , `` stop it ! '' 
 sean grins so hard that dimples appear on his cheek . 
 oh god . 
 they 're like little lickable magnets and they 're pulling me in . 
 he could recite a poem about water buffaloes right now and i 'd have no idea what he 'd said . 
 sean presses his finger to the end of my nose , making me blink . 
 `` if you did n't want me to look , then you should n't have worn that dress . '' 
 `` i did n't . 
 black made me change . '' 
 his smile broadens . 
 `` then , this should be fun . '' 
 he takes my hand and presses a kiss to the back of my palm , making butterflies erupt in my stomach . 
 it 's a school girl response and although i try to squash it , i still giggle . 
 sean 's smirk changes slightly , but he does n't take his eyes off of me . 
 holding out his other hand to mel , he says , `` come along ladies . 
 i have our night all planned out . '' 
 mel gives me a weird look and slips her palm into his . 
 we follow sean into the room and let the door close behind us . 
 sean drops mel 's hand and squeezes mine once before letting go . 
 `` avery , i need to talk to you about earlier , but from the sound of it , i already know what 's happening . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 mel asks , as she sits down on the chair by the desk . 
 `` what happened earlier ? '' 
 `` one of black 's guys saw us together , '' sean explains . 
 `` gabe showed up and warned avery before things got ugly . 
 your employer thought you girls were dishing out on the side . '' 
 `` no , i do n't think that 's the problem , '' i explain . 
 `` black 's doing something . 
 i tried to quit tonight and she would n't let me . '' 
 `` tell me what happened , and do n't leave a thing out . '' 
 sean leans against the wall and folds his arms over his chest . 
 he 's wearing a dark suit with the shirt still buttoned up to his neck and a blackish blue tie . 
 it looks like he was at work , either that or he dressed up for the occasion , which is laughable since he said he was giving us a night off . 
 when i get to the end of my story , sean does n't move . 
 he stares into space , and the only way i can tell that he 's livid is the tightening of his jaw . 
 i 'm pretty sure he could bite the head off of a chicken right now . 
 mel sighs and looks out the window . 
 she 's not stupid enough to mess with sean when he 's about to blow up . 
 yeah , but i am . 
 i reach for a candy from the mint dish and peg him in the chest . 
 it leaves some powdered sugar on my fingers so i suck it off and then grab another one . 
 `` these are good . '' 
 `` avery , stop . '' 
 sean inhales slow and deep . 
 i do n't mention the last words black said to me or the conversation with mel in the car . 
 that 'd be too much for him , and it worries me . 
 sean does n't know what he does to me or how attached i 've become , but black sees it . 
 i try to make light of the situation to diffuse some of his tension . 
 `` sean , it 's not so bad . 
 i just have to get out of it and make her not want me anymore . 
 i planned on not showing up but mel said that was - '' `` a stupid idea , '' mel finishes my sentence for me . 
 `` yeah , so i guess i need to move onto plan b and figure out how to get fired . '' 
 i shrug and turn back to the mint jar . 
 where is all this false confidence coming from ? 
 two seconds ago , i felt like i could n't deal with black and now i 'm talking about manipulating her into firing my ass like it 's nothing . 
 sean steps up behind me . 
 i feel his warm breath wash over my shoulder . 
 god , he smells good . 
 `` so , you want to stop working for black ? '' 
 turning , i look up at him , and nod . 
 `` yeah , it turns out that i still have a heart and it 's somewhere else . '' 
 sean tries not to smile . 
 `` so , were you going to say yes , miss smith ? '' 
 `` it depends on what you were going to ask me , mr. jones . '' 
 i 'm looking into his eyes and wondering if we can have a future together . 
 i want it more than anything , but i do n't know . 
 there are so many obstacles in the way , and we both have so much baggage . 
 it seems impossible , but when sean 's with me , it does n't feel that way . 
 mel gags herself and slams her head on the desk . 
 sean and i stare at her . 
 when she lifts her head , she scolds us . 
 `` people , share that lovey-dovey shit some other time . 
 we have problems right now . '' 
 she taps her finger firmly on the desk for emphasis . 
 sean clears his throat and steps away from me , like he was caught doing something wrong . 
 as if showing affection is a criminal offense . 
 `` so , let me make sure i understand what you want to do , avery . 
 you 're plan is to go into black 's , take the clients , and be so horrible that they do n't want you again ? '' 
 his dark brow lifts , but he manages to ask without laughing or strangling me . 
 mel rolls her eyes and says , `` yes , '' at the same time i say , `` no ! '' 
 they both look at me . 
 i sigh dramatically and kick off my heels before pacing and talking with my hands . 
 they 're flying everywhere . 
 `` i wo n't sleep with them . 
 i 'll be so revolting that we wo n't get that far . 
 they 'll throw me out , and demand a refund . 
 last time someone refused me , she wanted to fire me-so it should work this time , right ? '' 
 `` last time you did that , black did n't think you were running your own brothel . 
 besides , i ca n't let you do that . '' 
 sean is staring at me . 
 his arms are folded together and i realize that he never talks with his hands . 
 i 'm pretty sure that if i could n't move while i was talking , i 'd fall over . 
 `` the other option is to not show up . '' 
 mel shakes her head . 
 `` black will hunt you down to make sure you 're not dead in a gutter or something . 
 you ca n't no-show . 
 and when she finds you alive , you 'll wish you were dead . '' 
 there 's a moment of silence and then mel finally asks , `` why 'd you two add me to your little freak show tonight ? 
 i mean , i was n't going to ask . 
 i was just going to wait and see , but no one has said anything and i 'm out of patience . '' 
 jabbing my thumb at sean , i tell her , `` he 's giving us a night off . '' 
 `` no way . '' 
 mel 's perfect eyebrows lift in surprise . 
 `` way . '' 
 `` well , then ... '' mel kicks off her heels , and takes off her earrings and lays them on the desk , before adding , `` i 'm really glad , because i was n't looking forward to seeing avery 's boney ass . '' 
 `` ha ! '' 
 i turn to sean with my jaw hanging open and my finger pointing at mel . 
 `` i told you that she did n't like me ! '' 
 sean shrugs like he was n't all that committed to the idea . 
 mel watches us before blurting out , `` what the f ** k are you two talking about , because if you think i 'm g * y because i 'm a good friend , i might have to beat the shit out of you , scary ferro reputation or not . '' 
 sean holds up his hands , palms toward her . 
 `` no offense meant . 
 i just noticed how much she means to you and thought there might have been more there . '' 
 `` there 's not , you bunch of white toast with ... '' mel sputters , trying to find the right insult , before giving up . 
 her hands slap the table . 
 `` you 're so dumb , you know that ? 
 just ` cuz i 'm a hooker does n't mean i do everyone and everything . '' 
 `` what 's your type ? '' 
 sean asks abruptly . 
 `` rich . '' 
 mel 's shoulders are back and tension lines her arms . 
 it 's like she 's ready to fight , but i have no idea what set her off . 
 she sleeps with guys and did n't object to the idea of having a woman , assuming she 's loaded . 
 sean watches my friend , waiting for a real answer , but there 's no way in hell that she 'll tell him anything . 
 come to think of it , i 've never heard much about her hopes and dreams , only that she does n't want to go back to the hellhole she climbed out of . 
 mel rolls her eyes and laughs . 
 the tension dissipates as she points at sean . 
 `` and not you , ferro . 
 you 're way too f ** ked up for me . 
 and this conversation is officially over . 
 i 'm gon na eat me some noodles . 
 what do you guys say to take-out ? '' 
 `` actually , i have other plans for avery and i. '' sean 's voice sounds scary , the way it does when he 's anxious . 
 he looks down at me , `` we have a table downstairs . '' 
 i ca n't help it and crack a smile . 
 `` really ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` yes , there was something i needed to ask you earlier and i did n't get the chance . '' 
 i try not to show any emotion , but i ca n't . 
 i giggle and try so hard not to jump up and down . 
 `` i love this game ! '' 
 mel groans , `` oh my god . 
 get out of here . 
 you two make me sick . '' 
 sean smiles deeply and tosses mel a room service menu . 
 `` order anything you like . '' 
 mel is leaning her elbow on the desk and has her head in her hand . 
 `` can i get another hooker , so i have someone to play chess with ? '' 
 if sean 's shocked , he hides it well . 
 his voice is flat . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` you 're no fun , '' mel pouts . 
 `` i already hired two call girls for one evening . 
 many people would say that 's more than enough fun for one man . '' 
 `` psh , whatever white boy . 
 go play house with avery . 
 i 'm going to order crab cakes and the seafood buffet for six people . '' 
 i lean in towards sean , `` you 're going to need to order another room since this one will smell like fish . '' 
 sean laughs and takes my hands . 
 `` order anything you like , mel . 
 i mean it . 
 come on , avery . 
 our table awaits . '' 
 before we walk out of the room , mel asks , `` what about black ? '' 
 sean looks back at her , and then narrows his gaze in my direction . 
 `` there 's a more pressing question to be asked first , especially since it will demand a different response to your question of employment . '' 
 chapter 9 every inch of my body is giddy with excitement . 
 it 's to the point that i 'm shaking and i ca n't shut up . 
 ever since we stepped out of the room , i ca n't stop smiling or talking . 
 i take sean 's hand and lean against his shoulder in the elevator . 
 `` ask me , '' i whisper , but there are other people in the small space . 
 i know he wo n't , but it 's fun to tease him . 
 sean looks down at me from the corner of his eyes . 
 he 's got that stern formal thing going on and i wish he 'd slouch just a little bit . 
 he ca n't be nervous , can he ? 
 surely sean knows what i 'm going to say . 
 `` you 're awfully quiet , mr. ferro . '' 
 the couple standing across from us looks displeased . 
 the woman 's face visibly contorts and her polished appearance is n't enough to distract from her disgust . 
 sean sees it and tightens his jaw , but he says nothing . 
 the man standing with her looks unimpressed , and scoots closer to the woman , like sean might go all cray cray on their pampered asses , and kill everyone before the elevator reaches the ground floor . 
 i hate it . 
 i hate the way they look at sean , like he 's soulless . 
 sean ferro is not a monster . 
 i do n't know what comes over me , but i ca n't bite my tongue . 
 i blurt it out . 
 `` do n't look at him like that . '' 
 the woman sneers at me . 
 `` just because he 's wealthy does n't mean he should get away with murder . 
 it was a massive injustice to amanda ferro and her family , and you are a fool to be standing so close to him . '' 
 sean does n't respond , he just stands there with his hands clasped in front of him , waiting for the doors to open . 
 i do n't understand why he does n't fight back . 
 they 're rude , and wrong . 
 screw it . 
 i step toward the woman and look her in the eye . 
 `` you do n't know a thing about amanda or sean ferro , and you 're an idiot if you think everything you see on tv is true . '' 
 her jaw drops open and the man standing next to her pulls her closer , increasing the distance between us . 
 his jaw opens like he 's going to say something , but the ding cuts him off and the doors open . 
 i take sean 's hand and give them a lethal look as we walk out . 
 `` stupidity is for the weak-minded , and you better not sit by us . '' 
 sean pulls me away and tucks my hand under his arm . 
 he takes a deep breath . 
 `` avery , you ca n't yell at every person who hates me . 
 first of all , the list is endless , and second , you ca n't convince them of something they do n't want to hear . '' 
 sean 's blue gaze rests on the side of my face and there 's something there , like he 's accepted this horrible public persona . 
 `` yeah , well ... they 're stupid . '' 
 i 'm a genius ! 
 that 's the problem , everyone else is dumb . 
 people see what they want to see and nothing more . 
 everyone knows that the media is biased . 
 they all hated that sean did n't cry , that he seemed inhuman during the trial . 
 he 's more human than they realize , breakable like everyone else , but who wants to report on that ? 
 the idea that sean ferro is a monster sells better . 
 sean 's voice is warm and kind . 
 `` they prefer to think of me as a villain . 
 i 've learned to live with it , the question is , can you ? '' 
 he smiles softly and takes my hand as we reach the restaurant doors . 
 a smirk appears on my lips . 
 i do n't want to drop this injustice , but sean brings up the question again . 
 i poke his chest , right over his heart . 
 `` that better not be what you were going to ask me . '' 
 sean 's eyes glitter , like he 's trying not to laugh . 
 i love it when he 's like this . 
 if i could figure out which mixture of annoying and innocent -lrb- or naive -rrb- was conjuring that smile , i 'd use it all the time . 
 `` this way , mr. ferro . '' 
 the man behind the desk grabs two menus and walks us to the back of the room , past staring eyes , and to a perfect little table-the table where we had our first meal together . 
 awh . 
 i glance up at him as i sit in my chair . 
 `` did you pick this table on purpose , mr. ferro ? '' 
 `` i do everything on purpose . '' 
 sean settles back into his chair and rests his hands on the arms like it 's a throne . 
 i mirror his posture . 
 `` me too . '' 
 sean laughs abruptly . 
 i love that sound and the way he leans forward like it 's a horrible thing to witness . 
 `` honestly , mr. ferro , i have no idea what you 're laughing about . '' 
 my voice is light , and teasing . 
 `` i 'm a very intentional person , it 's just that my best intentions usually go awry . '' 
 he laughs louder and actually twists in his seat . 
 `` avery , you are a spectacular woman , but i can not possibly imagine a world where you deliberately let your car be stolen , and then flashed traffic to jump on the back of a stranger 's bike . '' 
 grinning at him , i lift my water glass and take a sip before saying smugly , `` i planned the whole thing . 
 you fell into my elaborate trap . '' 
 i offer a soft , diabolical laugh and smirk at him . 
 sean leans forward and takes my hands . 
 `` do you ever wonder if you fell into mine ? '' 
 i make a face . 
 `` that was n't the right question , either . 
 ask me , mr. ferro . '' 
 sean is cradling my hands in his and staring into my eyes . 
 my pulse races faster when he looks at me like that . 
 he has this hypnotic stare that 's unnerving , and sexy as hell . 
 sean 's eyes dip to the table and then back to my face . 
 my heart pounds harder and i ca n't stop smiling . 
 part of me wants to squee up and down the hallway , but i need to act sane for a moment . 
 sean 's lips part and i 'm ready . 
 my answer is ready . 
 i 'm so excited ! 
 his eyes dip to the table . 
 `` avery , i ca n't ask you now . '' 
 chapter 10 i blink . 
 `` rich boy say what ? '' 
 he pats my hands and tips his head to the side . 
 `` stop talking like a cartoon character , and listen . 
 i wanted things to be a certain way , at a specific time . 
 you 'll have to wait . '' 
 he pulls his hands away and leans back in his chair . 
 my bottom lip curls out and i 'm pouting without meaning to . 
 `` i hate waiting . '' 
 sean just grins in response . 
 he does n't produce the ring or mention marriage . 
 there 's no talk like before , at the beach , no nothing . 
 he 's stern and cold again . 
 i do n't hide my disappointment . 
 i ca n't . 
 it feels like i 've been sucker punched one too many times and i can no longer pretend not to care . 
 sean ordered before we ever sat down . 
 it would have irritated me if he did n't get the most delicious food i 'd ever put in my mouth . 
 sean is presumptive and it pisses me off , because this thing with the ring and the food , it 's to show how well he knows me and how well he can control me . 
 yeah , i want things like that sometimes , but not now . 
 after dinner , i 'm leaning pretty far to my right , with my elbow on the table and my hand holding up my head . 
 think surly teenager . 
 it 's not pretty but after this morning , i expected more from him . 
 sean has issues . 
 every time i feel like we 're on the same page , he does something like this . 
 i 'd cry if i were n't so pissed off . 
 the waiter brings out our desserts and refills my champagne glass . 
 for a moment , i wonder if he 's going to propose during dessert like a normal guy , but sean would never hide the ring in something . 
 he 's too straightforward for that . 
 since there 's no jewelry in sight , i 'm doubting that there 's going to be a proposal tonight . 
 i poke at my dessert , but do n't really eat it . 
 sean notices . 
 `` are you finished ? '' 
 he 's been watching me from the other side of the table , quieter than usual . 
 or maybe i 'm just steaming too much to be a good date . 
 `` yes , '' i say , pushing away the plate . 
 the truth is i 'm a little crushed and feeling the post-christmas crash , but i did n't get any presents . 
 it sucks monkeys . 
 i ca n't even pretend anymore . 
 i glance around the room and wonder if anyone else is having a crappy night . 
 the other couples look happy , like they 're celebrating something special . 
 this place cost a small fortune , so it 's a treat to eat here . 
 a bunch of the patrons probably blew a week 's pay on this dinner . 
 except for my man , sean . 
 he 's got lots of money and even more emotional pms . 
 god , he 's worse than i am . 
 maybe . 
 `` good , because i have a question for you . '' 
 i straighten in my seat a little bit and try not to let my balloon of hope inflate again . 
 seriously , that thing has been bent every which way and resembles a deflated knot right about now . 
 sean puts his fork down and folds his hands together . 
 `` are you attending your graduation ceremony ? '' 
 my face scrunches up . 
 `` what ? '' 
 weird question . 
 `` they asked me to give a lecture to the graduating class-to be the guest speaker-and i told them that i 'd have to ask you . '' 
 i lean on my elbow again and pick at the table cloth . 
 `` i was n't planning on it . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` there 's no one to hood me . 
 you know , before you walk across the stage , someone puts the sashie thing over your head and rests it on your shoulders . 
 my mom would have done it . 
 since she 's not here , i figured ... '' i look up into his face and see the fragility . 
 looking back down at the table , i say , `` i do n't understand . 
 why do you want to hood me ? 
 you know you do n't actually get to tie me up , right ? '' 
 he nods , but does n't smile . 
 actually , it looks like i kicked him . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` then why ? '' 
 i watch sean as he taps his finger on the table and avoids my gaze . 
 `` because you sacrificed everything for that moment . 
 if this is n't fleeting , if i matter to you - '' straightening in my seat , i finally say what i 'm thinking . 
 `` sean , why wo n't you ask me ? '' 
 he looks away and does n't answer . 
 this is n't a game anymore . 
 i think he had every intention of asking me when we were upstairs , but something changed . 
 there 's no pressing need to ask me anything . 
 sean 's sitting there like he always does . 
 i try to stay calm and ask the question even though i already know the answer . 
 `` did you change your mind ? '' 
 his blue gaze flicks up and meets mine . 
 `` no . '' 
 liar . 
 `` just tell me the truth . 
 do n't hide behind that placid expression and let yourself feel for a second . '' 
 `` let myself feel ? 
 do you seriously think that 's the problem ? '' 
 `` not in its entirety , but i think a general lack of empathy is part of the problem . '' 
 that was a cheap shot , but it infuriates me when he acts so stoic . 
 he can act that way with everyone else , but not with me . 
 sean mashes his mouth shut and looks back and forth before leaning forward and blasting me . 
 `` do you know what they 're going to say about you if you become mrs. sean ferro ? 
 do you seriously think that i have n't thought about it ? 
 about how you 'd take it when those insults are hurled at you ? 
 avery , i 've heard so many hateful things , day after day . 
 i wish i could tell you that i do n't care , that they roll off like rain , but they do n't . 
 you have n't had to endure that kind of punishment and you 've done nothing to warrant it , but marrying me will be enough . 
 people will talk , they 'll be unkind toward you , and it will be my fault . 
 if you carry my name , you carry my burdens . '' 
 he pats his napkin to his lips and looks like he just opened a checking account . 
 there 's no emotion in those blue eyes , they 're vacant of grief and pain . 
 the hollow spot inside my chest constricts as i look away . 
 he is n't going to ask me . 
 that little altercation in the elevator made him change his mind . 
 sean does n't think i can handle it . 
 i 'm not going to cry . 
 screw that . 
 the center of my chest aches so badly that i speak without thinking . 
 `` so what , you do n't trust me with those burdens ? '' 
 `` no , i want to save you from them . 
 unkind words are the nicest things that happen to me , avery . '' 
 sean acts like he wants to say more , but he does n't . 
 he just sits there in his chair like it 's a goddamn throne and watches me . 
 maybe i could have accepted this a few weeks ago , but not now . 
 if i get up and walk away , it 'll be the end of it . 
 sean wo n't follow me . 
 i smile at him as every hope dissolves inside my chest . 
 i have n't the words to tell him what he 's done to me , exactly what level of hell he just tossed me into . 
 so i say nothing . 
 i simply stand , toss my napkin on the table , and walk away . 
 i should have known better than to think sean ferro would actually ask me to share his life . 
 chapter 11 that man took my heart and shredded it . 
 i 've walked away and there 's no going back . 
 i do n't expect him to follow me or say a damn thing . 
 he 's weird like that . 
 he usually lets me wander off , swearing under my breath , and then shows up after i calm down . 
 but not this time . 
 sean 's arm juts between the elevator doors as they close . 
 `` avery , wait . '' 
 the hollow feeling inside my chest is overflowing with pain and dripping into my shoes . 
 i ca n't look at him and pretend it does n't hurt . 
 i 'm a moron . 
 i keep thinking the best of people . 
 i never learn . 
 i do n't say anything . 
 i do n't look up . 
 he steps inside and we 're alone . 
 the elevator starts to move upward toward our floor when sean steps in front of the panel and pulls the stop . 
 we lurch to a halt and my heart tries to tear out of my chest . 
 panic makes my eyes dart around the dark little room as my palms slam backward into the wall , grasping at the rail like it can save me . 
 i hate small spaces , and being trapped in an elevator is as bad as being nailed into a coffin . 
 sean knows that . 
 he finds me in the dim emergency lighting and slips his hands around my waist and tugs me to him . 
 i try to pull away , but he wo n't let me . 
 sean 's grip on me tightens and he pins me to the wall . 
 `` never walk away from me again . 
 you can be angry , but you ca n't be indifferent . '' 
 `` you are ! '' 
 `` i am not , '' he 's close to growling . 
 i can tell that i 'm poking every button he has , but i 'm tired of his games . 
 every time we get closer , he turns and runs . 
 it 's driving me crazy , and since i 'm already certifiable , i 'm not handling it gracefully . 
 `` you are so ! 
 you do n't care about me . 
 i 'm just another trinket to you-something to own and play with . 
 i do n't matter to you ! '' 
 `` avery , i 'd give my life for you . 
 why ca n't you understand that i ca n't have what i want either ? 
 i want you to be my wife . 
 i want what you want . 
 do you hear me ? 
 i want to marry you . 
 i want you in every conceivable means , but i ca n't be so callous . 
 it 'll destroy you , my love , and i ca n't do that . '' 
 his hands are in my hair and i can feel his hard body against mine . 
 i can barely speak , my throat is so tight . 
 this tiny box is suffocating me to the point that i 'm thinking about clawing at the walls . 
 but his words cut through the fear and i hear his concern , even if i still do n't understand . 
 `` you did n't have to stop the elevator . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i knew you would n't listen otherwise . 
 avery , i want a life for us-one with the little house and the picket fence-but that 's not what 's in store for me . 
 i am the ferro they fear most and they have every right to act that way . 
 my hands are n't clean , avery . 
 i 'm not above reproach , and i have too many enemies . 
 things will never be so simple . 
 god , and if you took my name , if they knew about you ... '' his voice trails off and he sighs deeply , burying his face in the curve between my neck and shoulder . 
 hot breath spills across my skin , raising goose bumps . 
 my entire body is strung tight , but his lips where they are make my stomach twist and tingle . 
 maybe it 's fear that makes me think of his mouth on me , doing sinful things , but the thought of wrapping my legs around his h * ps blazes through my mind . 
 the moment is charged with tension and vulnerability , at least it is for me . 
 i press my lips together several times , before i can manage the words . 
 `` ask me . 
 give me the chance to choose my life . '' 
 as the words pour from my lips , i reach for him and splay my hands on his chest , under the lapel of his jacket . 
 my heart is beating so hard , so fast . 
 i think about his mouth on mine and hot kisses , but worry is holding me back . 
 `` i ca n't do that to you . '' 
 sean tenses when i touch him , but he does n't push me away . 
 instead he holds me tighter , dipping his hands lower , past my waist . 
 `` do you have any idea what it does to me when you stop this thing ? 
 every thought in my head is telling me that i 'm going to die if we do n't move , but i 'm shoving past it because i know i 'm safe with you , sean . '' 
 my hands are splayed on his chest and i can feel the rapid beating of his heart . 
 sean 's passion runs deep , and his worries are real . 
 i ca n't deny that , but we ca n't stay like this forever . 
 `` i know the world is unkind . 
 i know what it means to be alone , and i 'm not leaving here without you realizing that . 
 a life without you is so much worse than anything someone might do to me . '' 
 reaching around his waist , i pull at his shirt , freeing it from his waistband . 
 sean tenses , his spine straightening , as i move my hands up under the hem of his shirt and trail my fingers over his hard stomach . 
 he 's facing me . 
 it 's the way i dream of being with him , of touching him , but sean does n't typically allow it . 
 in this moment , the world is dumped on its head . 
 if i can tolerate being trapped in a warm box with no light or air , then he can bear my touch , and he does . 
 sean is quiet for a moment and i can feel the tension in his taut muscles . 
 he 's so still , except for the slow , deliberate breaths that fill his lungs . 
 people breathe like that when they 're afraid . 
 i know because i 'm doing the same thing . 
 `` it 's not a question of if , but when . '' 
 his voice shudders as i trail my palms across his body , tracing the lines of his torso . 
 his skin is so hot . 
 if i was n't wearing a dress , if i could press my nak * d body to his , i 'd die . 
 for a second i understand his sexual draw to fear and how it mingles with lust , because it 's there and incredibly difficult to ignore . 
 sean 's voice is a whisper . 
 `` i ca n't knowingly do something that will hurt you . 
 i ca n't let them - '' he shivers and presses his h * ps to mine , showing me exactly how he feels . 
 when he pulls away , i 'm breathless . 
 `` avery , you know what you do to me , and how i feel about you . 
 if you were n't wearing panties , i 'd have that dress hiked up and take you right here and now . '' 
 leaning in close , my lips brush against his ear as i whisper , `` then , i 'm afraid i 'll have to hold you to your word , right after you ask me something i really want to hear . '' 
 sean makes a noise at the back of his throat before dipping his hands lower , cupping my butt and feeling for verification of my statement . 
 his words come out in a raspy breath . 
 `` this is n't fair . 
 you know my weakness-that it 's a fantasy to have you like this , here . '' 
 i 'm playing with fire , tempting fate , and being utterly reckless . 
 sean 's concerns are valid , but i ca n't help feeling like i should have some say in what happens to us . 
 `` you should let me decide whether or not i can handle sharing your life . '' 
 chapter 12 he 's torn , i can hear it in his heavy breaths . 
 sean could pull away and start the elevator , but i know how turned on he is , how much he wants me . 
 i did n't do it on purpose and he 's the one who stopped the thing , but i have to push him . 
 he ca n't act like he 's protecting me when his actions are killing me inside . 
 sean slams his hands on the wall behind my head and pulls away . 
 `` we ca n't ! 
 you can barely handle your own life . 
 damn it , avery . 
 i can hardly hold it together anymore , and you 're the living proof that i 've lost my f ** king mind . 
 i ca n't have the life you want . 
 it 's not mine to offer you . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` sean - '' i grasp at him , not wanting him to pull further away from me , but he does . 
 a rush of cold air fills the space where he stood . 
 `` tell me . 
 tell me , if you know . 
 if you can see how to get there from here , to that place where you and i could have what my brother , pete , has . 
 if you can see the path , i 'll ask you . 
 if you can tell me how we crawl out of this hell , i 'll do it . 
 i 'd do anything for you , be anything for you , but i ca n't figure it out . '' 
 he 's back in front of me , so close , but he does n't reach for me . 
 `` sean , you do n't have to do it alone . 
 sometimes it takes two people to fix things . 
 and sometimes , you have to trust blindly and jump . '' 
 panic is rising up my throat and it feels like there 's a massive pile of bricks on my chest , but i manage to hold back the scream , and the tears . 
 claustrophobia was n't much of an issue until my parents died , and then it got worse . 
 i hate elevators and tiny spaces . 
 they freak me out , and while i might be standing with a pleasant expression on my face , i 'm really praying to god that we do n't get stuck . 
 now that i am stuck , it takes every ounce of sanity within me to control the fear , but it does n't want to be tamed . 
 it 's snarling and animalistic , ready to claw out of here . 
 still , i push it down and keep the terror in check . 
 i do n't let my emotions overtake me . 
 instead , i reach for sean , pulling at his belt until he crushes me into the wall with his body . 
 i hold him to me , feeling the smooth skin on his back and those hot muscles , before reaching for his pants . 
 sean 's voice is gone . 
 he 's all hot breath and powerful hands . 
 he realizes what i 'm doing and ca n't hold back . 
 as i free him from his slacks , he hikes up the hem of my dress pushing it up past my hips . 
 sean 's lips come crashing down on mine , hot and perfect . 
 his kiss is wild , demanding and devouring . 
 as his lips slip to my neck , he dips his hand between my legs , pressing between my thighs . 
 my body is in emotional overload . 
 the faster i breathe , the hotter it gets . 
 the warmer i am , the more afraid i become . 
 the room shrinks with each gasp , but i want him . 
 it 's a strange sensation , caught between lust and fear , and i ca n't control myself . 
 tears streak my face , but there 's a smile on my lips . 
 i 'm insane . 
 that 's got to be what 's wrong with me , because i almost like this . 
 it 's intense , and all consuming . 
 sean lifts me and presses my back against the wall . 
 his strong hands grip my upper thighs as i wrap my legs around his hips . 
 sweat drips down my temples as sean slowly pushes into me and my head slams back into the wall . 
 there 's no air , no light . 
 my mind tells me i 'm dying , but my body is climbing higher and higher , tingling with that insatiable feeling that 's delicious torture . 
 sean 's thrusts start out slow and rhythmic . 
 he does n't speak and i wonder if i 'm going to pass out . 
 it 's so hot and the air is so still . 
 my mind is screaming like there 's a pillow obstructing my face , but the delicious pulsing between my legs keeps me sane . 
 sean slams into me harder and faster , rocking us higher and higher . 
 i hear myself sob and do n't know why . 
 i do n't understand the tears or the terror that 's coursing through me , but when i feel him between my legs , when sean loses it and shoves into me that final time before he stills , i feel perfect , and my body responds and shatters . 
 my nails bite into his skin as i cry out and feel the release . 
 the high from this is different , and i do n't know what to think . 
 i ca n't think . 
 my body does n't know what i 'm doing , or how it should react . 
 i 'm not sad , even though i shudder in his arms and tears streak my cheeks . 
 my heart is pounding at the aftershocks and i can barely breathe , but it 's hard to tell if it 's from fear or euphoria . 
 i stay there like that , pressed to the wall with him still inside of me . 
 sean 's hands grip my thighs and his thumbs rub little circles on my skin . 
 neither of us says anything for a moment . 
 i do n't want to move , but i ca n't hold my legs around him any longer . 
 they start shaking , so sean pulls out and puts me down . 
 my knees nearly buckle and my entire body is trembling , but i manage to pull the hem of my dress back down . 
 i hear sean moving , redressing himself , before the lights come back on . 
 they flicker , making me blink several times . 
 as soon as his eyes adjust , he turns to look at me . 
 sean is pristine in his suit without a wrinkle on him . 
 meanwhile , i look and feel like a total mess . 
 i 'm covered in sweat and can barely stand . 
 for a moment we just watch each other . 
 then sean finally says , `` i ca n't believe you did that for me . '' 
 i lean back against the wall , and clutch the bar so i do n't fall over . 
 i do n't trust myself to speak . 
 sean smiles at me and nods , before turning to the control panel again . 
 i 'm afraid he 's going to stop it and i ca n't manage to be in here for another second . 
 as it is , i 'm going to need therapy after this , so i lunge for him . 
 `` no , please . 
 i ca n't . '' 
 but sean 's already done what he wanted . 
 he pressed every button for every floor and then turns to me , smiling wide . 
 `` i needed more time , because i have something i need to tell you . '' 
 sean tucks his chin and steps over to me , with his hands in his pockets . 
 it 's such a boyish gesture , and so was pressing all the buttons , that i have no idea what he wants to do . 
 the doors open and fresh air hits my face , calming me . 
 an irritated hotel employee is standing there with a crowd of people behind him . 
 he 's saying something , but sean ignores him . 
 i take a deep breath before the doors slip shut again . 
 `` avery , i 'm selfish . 
 i 've always been that way and what you just did was so completely ... '' he sucks in air and shakes his head . 
 `` there are no words . 
 you give everything you have . 
 you do n't hold back , and by god , if i could be like you for even a moment , if i could have your strength , your courage , your conviction-i ca n't even fathom it . '' 
 the elevator is stopping floor by floor as he speaks . 
 sean does n't pause . 
 he does n't look at the people waiting outside in the hallway , people who do n't want to get onto the broken elevator with the monologuing man . 
 the doors close and the pattern repeats until a little old lady gets on with us . 
 she looks at me and then sean , and smiles at his words . 
 she 's wearing a pink paisley dress , with a matching pink satin bowling jacket that says ronkonkoma sexy devils across the back , with an evening bag under her arm . 
 she reaches into it and hands me a tissue . 
 `` i think he 's going to ask you something , dear . '' 
 the old woman smiles , like this is the highlight of her night . 
 i take the tissue and dab my eyes . 
 `` thank you , but you 're mistaken . '' 
 i do n't look at either of them and try to keep my gaze on the floor . 
 that 's when sean drops to one knee and holds up a ring to me . 
 `` she 's not mistaken , and neither were you . 
 i should have asked you . 
 i should have said it sooner , and i wish i could say it better . 
 avery stanz , will you marry me ? 
 will you be my wife and share my life ? 
 will you let me love you in sickness and in health ? 
 will you let me stand beside you for the rest of my life ? 
 because , if you say yes , i will love you with all my heart . 
 i wo n't withhold myself from you , like i 've done for so long . 
 i will protect you and give you everything i have . 
 will you share my bed , my soul , and my life ? '' 
 the doors ding open on another floor and the people smile at the sight . 
 me with a shocked face , the old lady is grinning and close to clapping , and sean on his knee holding up a ring . 
 as the doors slip shut , they groan since they wo n't hear my answer . 
 it 's then that i realize i 'm taking too long . 
 my heart is pounding and i 'm lost in limbo , caught between reality and dreamland . 
 but i 'm awake , and sean 's looking up at me , blinking those bright blue eyes , completely and totally vulnerable . 
 i find my voice . 
 `` you jumped . '' 
 i sound shocked . 
 he nods . 
 `` i 'd do anything for you , avery . 
 i 'll be anything you want , anything you need , no matter what you say , but i hope you say yes . '' 
 he smiles hard and those dimples flash and disappear . 
 `` yes . 
 yes , to all those things . '' 
 my lips quiver and i start sobbing as i hold out my hand . 
 it 's shaking so much that sean has to take it in his to slide the ring on my finger . 
 when the cold metal touches my hot skin a shiver races over me , and i gasp . 
 when sean stands , he takes me in his arms and holds me . 
 the old woman claps and rides the elevator up to our floor with us , chattering excitedly , and wishing us well . 
 for a second , a bitter thought crosses my mind . 
 `` you 'd wish those things for us even if he were sean ferro ? '' 
 sean tenses in my arms . 
 it 's reckless , because in this moment his guard is down , and so is mine . 
 if the old woman reacts the way the woman did earlier , i 'll cry . 
 i do n't know why i said it . 
 something within me urged me to ask , so i did . 
 the elderly lady smiles , and touches my arm . 
 `` i 'd wish every happiness on the two of you , especially if he were sean ferro . 
 that man has had more pain in his life than one person could reasonably tolerate , and he 's bore it with grace . 
 everyone deserves a little ray of happiness after so much rain . '' 
 chapter 13 sean presses his lips to the side of my face , covering me in little kisses . 
 i giggle , i ca n't help it . 
 it feels like i 'm floating , as if nothing could ruin this moment . 
 the ring catches my eye , sparkling in the dim light of the elevator . 
 i want to look at it , but i do n't want to pull away from sean . 
 i do n't want this moment to end . 
 something changed today . 
 the walls that sean erected came crashing down and he finally let me in . 
 there 's nothing between us now and i ca n't wait to snuggle against him once we get back to the room . 
 it 's so hard not to jump up and down . 
 i want to tell everyone and show them the ring . 
 i want to tell them that i was right , that sean was n't going to be the one to destroy me . 
 i trusted my gut and i was right . 
 it feels so good . 
 the last few months have tossed me around so much that i did n't know which way was up , but tonight , my feet are on the ground , right where they should be-between sean ferro and a crazy old lady who looks like she wants to celebrate with me . 
 she pulls out her phone and deflates when she ca n't get a signal . 
 `` all my friends are going to be so jealous ! 
 i got to see the sweetest proposal i 've ever witnessed and they 're all sitting in the room . '' 
 she chortles and holds her phone up , tilting it to the side like that 'll help it get some bars . 
 `` they 're going to blow a gasket when they find out it was sean ferro . 
 and you ... you are so sweet . 
 i 'm going to call you sweetie . '' 
 sean holds me to his chest , hugging me hard and laughs . 
 `` she is sweet , and thoughtful , and completely perfect . '' 
 he kisses the top of my head and i feel my face flame red , which makes the old lady laugh more . 
 when the doors open on our floor , we both step out . 
 the old woman stays behind . 
 `` congratulations , you two ! 
 i 'm going to go tell the girls ! '' 
 she presses the button for her floor , the doors close , and she disappears . 
 there 's a fairytale smile plastered across my face . 
 i used to wonder how princesses could look like that for so long . 
 it had to be because of the prince . 
 i 'm talking about cartoon princesses , of course . 
 when someone draws the perfect man , there 's a lot to smile about . 
 sean is by no means perfect , but he 's perfect for me . 
 before we take another step , the squawk of a police cb shatters the hallway 's stuffy silence . 
 sean 's eyes narrow as his gaze shoots to the end of the hall . 
 they 're standing in front of our room . 
 instinct takes over and i grab sean 's arm and try to pull him to the stairwell . 
 it 's right next to me , but sean shakes his head . 
 they have n't seen us yet . 
 he shakes his head , and makes a snap decision . 
 leaning in close , he kisses my cheek , and shoves me into the stairwell as he does it . 
 `` stay out of sight . '' 
 without a word , sean walks toward the room . 
 i glance through the little rectangle of glass , but i ca n't see him . 
 i ca n't leave the hotel without setting off my bracelet , and i ca n't hang out in the stairwell either . 
 my stomach lurches as i consider why the police are here-what it means . 
 mel was in the room . 
 something bad could have happened to her , or worse . 
 someone reported us , which means someone knows we were here with sean and what we are . 
 if the cops are looking for call girls , i look the part . 
 part of me wants to ignore sean and walk down the hall . 
 but , i 'm not that stupid , so i rush down the flight of stairs and grab the elevator to the lobby . 
 as i pass a large marble table with an oversized floral arrangement , i grab a newspaper and head to one of the posh seats . 
 there are tons of reporters right outside the front doors . 
 flashes keep going off . 
 i feel so sick . 
 should i crush the bead on my bracelet ? 
 does this count as danger ? 
 black could be exposed if they find me , but they must have found mel . 
 i sit down on a blue velvet arm chair and slouch back like i 'm not freaking out . 
 as i ponder whether or not to break the bead , i hear three hotel employees speaking in hushed whispers . 
 `` i ca n't believe it 's him , i mean first his wife and now this . '' 
 `` i know . 
 at least he ca n't get away with it twice . '' 
 the third voice chimes in , `` i do n't know , people do n't have a lot of sympathy for hookers . '' 
 my spine goes straight . 
 i ca n't turn and look at them . 
 the buzzing in my head has grown so loud that i can no longer hear their words . 
 it sounds like they think sean killed a hooker . 
 that means that the cops were in his room because ... mel 's dead ? 
 she ca n't be . 
 i just saw her . 
 she was fine , but they just said ... oh my god . 
 i ca n't stand it . 
 i turn around and look at them , unable to hide the emotions as they crawl out of my stomach . 
 my jaw drops . 
 i want to ask them what happened , but if i speak , they 'll connect the dots . 
 people saw me and mel walk in together and my clothes say everything . 
 even so , i do n't want to leave sean and mel up there . 
 she has to be fine . 
 it 's suddenly so hot inside that i feel like i 'm going to hurl . 
 the air in here is too hot , too stuffy . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 my skin is numb and it feels like i 'm walking in a bubble of cold mist . 
 i try to exit through the bar , but it 's packed and there are people guarding the door , keeping the press out . 
 worry pinches my brow and i decide to head to the ladies room to give myself time to think . 
 sean said to leave . 
 i need to leave , but i have to do it without being seen . 
 too bad everyone and their goddamn dog notices me in this dress ! 
 i 'm about to push through the bathroom door , when a hand rests on my shoulder . 
 my elbow flies back and jabs the guy in the gut . 
 chapter 14 i hear an oof sound and spin on my heel . 
 `` leave me-oh god ! 
 gabe . '' 
 the old guy makes a face and coughs . 
 `` nice move . 
 let 's get you out of here without being noticed . '' 
 `` what happened ? 
 where 's mel ? '' 
 `` later . 
 first things first . 
 black sent this . 
 change , and walk straight out the front door . 
 the car is at the curb . '' 
 he hands me a little designer overnight bag . 
 taking it , i nod and push into the bathroom . 
 i do n't question him . 
 i ca n't think . 
 the memory of the cb chirping and the sound of static rings in my ears . 
 i see the open door and horror grips my throat hard . 
 i change quickly and think about calling mel , but i ca n't . 
 if she 's in trouble , it 'll make it worse . 
 maybe she 's fine and they just found out that sean hired hookers . 
 that means that they might be looking for me . 
 i pull on the modest dress and change my shoes to a ballet flat . 
 there 's make-up remover and a pair of glasses . 
 i lighten my eye shadow and lipstick , and then pin back my hair . 
 after i put on the glasses , i look like a vintage jackie o. i blink at my reflection , heart pounding , and try to look normal . 
 it feels like everyone is watching me , but no one even glances my way . 
 people are huddled together , talking in quiet tones , saying things that i ca n't hear . 
 a couple passes me after showing their room key to the guards at the door while others do the same thing at the elevator bank . 
 a man hurries past me and out the front doors . 
 he 's wearing a suit with a red tie . 
 his voice booms as he explains , `` there was an unfortunate event here this evening , and we do n't want to make it more difficult on the family than it already is . 
 please separate ... '' his voice dies as the doors close behind him . 
 it 's not true . 
 it ca n't be . 
 i do n't know what happened in that room and i ca n't leave this place until i find out . 
 i do n't care what black does to me or if i incriminate myself . 
 i 'm frozen in place , halfway between the doors and the elevators when my phone vibrates . 
 it 's marty . 
 i pick up without thinking and he starts spewing questions at me before i can say anything . 
 `` what the hell happened ? 
 are you guys all right ? 
 they said on the news that there 'd been a violent crime , but they did n't say anything else . 
 then , ferro 's name popped up and , my god-tell me that you 're all right . 
 tell me that bastard did n't hurt you . '' 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 he did n't hurt me . 
 sean did n't hurt anyone , but i think something happened to mel . 
 gabe is waiting for me outside . 
 he wants to take me back to black 's but i ca n't leave her here . 
 i ca n't leave . '' 
 my voice trails off and i already realize what i 'm doing . 
 walking past the guard , i flash my room key card and step into the elevator , and press the button . 
 marty is scolding me , telling me to get the hell out of there , but i do n't understand the rest . 
 as soon as i 'm standing in the metal box , the connection is lost . 
 i turn off my phone and shove it into my purse , and press the button . 
 when the doors open i have a strange sense of deja vu , except last time i was here , i was happy . 
 glancing down at the ring on my finger , i take a step . 
 i 'm out of the elevator and onto the hallway carpet . 
 there 's a uniformed police officer with his back to me . 
 someone inside the room is talking to him . 
 every step i take feels unreal as i brace myself for whatever i might see . 
 mel ca n't be dead , she ca n't be , but when the open doorway comes into view i freeze . 
 there 's a limp , mocha-colored wrist lying on a blood stained carpet . 
 the manicured fingers are curled and still . 
 her forearm disappears beneath a white sheet and the black bead from her bracelet is shattered next to her on the carpet . 
 i stand there and stare , unable to move . 
 my mind rejects what my eyes are telling me . 
 everything around me floats away as horror slams down hard on my shoulders , making my knees buckle , and forcing me to the floor . 
