 chapter 1 emma laughed gently and touched jack saunders ' shoulder . 
 he smiled and seemed to unconsciously reach for her hand , the two of them leaning closer to one another . 
 they looked so happy together , so perfectly in love that it was impossible to look at them without feeling their happiness . 
 jack leaned over and whispered something into emma 's ear . 
 she blushed and giggled before reaching for her wine glass . 
 emma looked radiant . 
 i did n't know if i 'd ever seen my little sister look so happy , and that happiness was translating into an inner beauty that shone out across the whole ocean . 
 people on the other side of the world were probably wondering what was making that joyful glow . 
 jack matched her elation in a masculine way , his sandy hair blowing softly in the caribbean wind as we finished the last of our dinners . 
 they were the perfect couple . 
 the entire wedding party for jack and emma sat outdoors at a large wooden dinner table , the evening breeze blowing warmly . 
 if the wedding dinner was anywhere near as fancy as this rehearsal dinner was , i would gain at least five pounds on this trip . 
 i typically did n't like traveling . 
 in fact , i never traveled . 
 i had never even left the midwest , but i thought that this ocean breeze was something i could definitely get used to . 
 jack and emma sat at the head of the big square table as if they were the king and queen of the tropical island . 
 i sat next to emma with my parents on the other side of me . 
 across the table was jack 's best man , owen . 
 down the line sat his younger brother , mother and father . 
 we were all gathered to celebrate the marriage of jack to my little sister , emma . 
 jack had flown the whole family , plus friends , out to an island in the caribbean for the ceremony and paid for a week at the island resort for everyone . 
 i had only been able to get four days off from my job at the hospital , and now i wished i had more in this beautiful place . 
 i was n't sure exactly what this trip had cost , but i knew it was far above what my paycheck could afford . 
 of course , for him it was no big deal . 
 he could afford to do this because he was the president and ceo of ds oil and gas . 
 he was a billionaire , after all . 
 the two of them were getting married on the very island where they met , on the very beach where emma had saved a man 's life while jack kept cool next to her . 
 this time , though , it was for real . 
 for some wild reason , when they first met , they had decided to get married , despite hardly knowing one another . 
 emma said it was a crazy , spur-of-the-moment vacation memory thing , but i still thought she was insane . 
 it was n't a legal wedding , of course . 
 they were outside of the us and there were no papers signed . 
 it should have ended there , except that the paparazzi happened to somehow get some pictures of their wedding and posted them everywhere . 
 i actually found out my sister was married by reading the tabloid headlines at the grocery store . 
 it had been the first time i ever actually bought one of those magazines . 
 before i could even talk to her , however , she had zipped off to new york city so that jack could do damage control . 
 it took a while for the press to die down enough for her to come back to iowa . 
 by then , it was pretty apparent that she and jack were a sure thing . 
 emma and i had some rather personal conversations , and i found myself marveling at my little sister . 
 the things she was willing to put up with , particularly jack 's work schedule , were things that i would n't have tolerated . 
 she loved him though , and she was willing to deal with it . 
 he finally proposed over christmas dinner . 
 now , here we were on the island for a beautiful spring wedding . 
 i was actually supposed to have gone on the vacation that started it all . 
 emma had won a trip for two from the local radio station , but i came down with appendicitis two days before the flight . 
 during the week that she spent in the caribbean , i spent my time hopped up on painkillers and antibiotics , and thinking that i was the one going to do crazy things . 
 sitting here , though , watching the two of them be so obviously in love , made me glad i had n't come . 
 my little sister deserved this kind of happiness . 
 i looked across the table and owen was staring at me . 
 as soon as we made eye contact , he grinned . 
 my cheeks turned red and i quickly looked away . 
 i had n't had a chance to really speak with him yet since he had arrived late in the afternoon , just in time for the practice walk down the aisle . 
 he had sauntered up to the wedding area , breezing past the security guards and personal assistants with an easy familiarity . 
 emma introduced us in the moment before the wedding planner took control and started directing everyone to their places . 
 he had held my hand for a split second longer than necessary when he shook it , as if he were reluctant to let go . 
 from that moment on , he had flirted with me mercilessly . 
 owen parker . 
 probably the most gorgeous man i had ever met . 
 blonde hair that fell in perfect disney hero fashion , dark blue eyes , and a jaw that could cut steel , not to mention the way he filled out a suit . 
 he looked like he belonged on the cover of a romance novel , and the way he smiled at me only reinforced that impression . 
 like jack , owen was also fabulously wealthy . 
 he made more in a day working at jack 's company than i did in a year as a physician 's assistant . 
 not only that , he came from old money , and he had been very wise with his investments over the years . 
 i knew he was one of the few people that jack trusted , because jack knew that he had no interest in his money . 
 in fact , the only reason he had this job was because it was a challenge to him ; the money was just a perk . 
 jack and owen had been college roommates , and the friendship was an easy thing between them . 
 i could only imagine what kind of trouble the two of them had gotten into in college . 
 they probably broke a lot of girls ' hearts it was clear to see that owen came from a lifetime of privilege and money . 
 the way he nonchalantly ordered a thousand-dollar bottle of wine , used all the forks and spoons correctly , and the lack of concern for his expensive clothing all made it obvious to me that he had more money than he could ever spend . 
 during the entire rehearsal , he had kept grinning at me and mimicking the planner when she was n't looking , forcing the rest of the wedding party to stifle our laughs . 
 i wanted to like him , but something about his charm was too easy . 
 i knew he could have any woman he wanted and that he was used to women falling in love with him . 
 with how flirtatious he was being , i could make this my own vacation to remember if i wanted . . 
 however , it was too easy for the best man and the maid of honor to hook up at a wedding , and i did n't want to be a cliche conquest . 
 i was trying my best to ignore him , but it was difficult . 
 mr. daniel saunders , jack 's father , tapped his wine glass with a knife , sending a crystal ping for silence across the table . 
 everyone at the table quickly quieted as he stood slowly , the motion obviously taking more energy than expected , but he did his best . 
 he lifted his glass in a toast . 
 `` i would like to congratulate my son ... and welcome emma as a daughter . '' 
 as quiet as he was , even with the noticeable pause in the sentence , his voice was still full of authority . 
 despite his evident physical weakness , he still held the power of a billionaire oil baron . 
 he paused , taking a shallow breath , and the glass wavered in the air as his arm lost the strength to hold it . 
 mrs. saunders stood up quickly beside him , wrapping her arm around him as though she were hugging him , but supporting him and his shaking arm in the process . 
 `` we are glad to welcome you into the family , '' mrs. saunders continued for him , and mr. saunders gave her a grateful look . 
 to a casual observer it appeared as though they were simply a loving couple , but i could see mrs. saunders ' muscles tighten as she kept him upright . 
 `` at first , i was n't sure that this life would be what you wanted , emma . 
 but , the past few months have shown me that this is what you were born to do . 
 the two of you make an unstoppable team and i ca n't remember the last time i saw my jack this happy . 
 daniel and i are proud to welcome you to the family , '' mrs saunders said , flashing a smile around the table . 
 mr. saunders smiled weakly , but with obvious joy as he slowly attempted to lift his glass . 
 i raised my own glass with a tip to the saunders and took a sip of wine . 
 it was a sweet white with just enough bubbles to tickle my nose . 
 i pretended to look at the liquid in the glass , but i was really looking at mr. saunders . 
 his suit was tailored perfectly , but it could n't hide the tell-tale signs that he was losing the battle against his cancer . 
 despite the fine fabric , it hung off of him as though he were made of nothing but bones . 
 i had seen enough patients come into the er to know that this was going to be his last wedding . 
 the tabloids were full of stories of advanced cancer , and from what i could see , it was a good thing emma and jack were getting married when they were . 
 i would n't expect him to last more than a month at this point . 
 mrs. saunders helped her husband sit back down in his wheelchair , the white in her knuckles betraying the amount of strength she had to use as his legs gave out . 
 i shook my head slightly and looked at emma and jack . 
 jack did n't seem to notice , or was doing a very good job of hiding his emotions . 
 emma smiled at the older man and he gave her a grin in return . 
 she got along better with mr. saunders than she did with mrs. saunders . 
 despite mrs. saunders ' kind toast , emma had told me that she still felt like mrs. saunders was just waiting for jack to grow bored with her . 
 she was always polite , but emma knew that she was never going to be the favorite daughter-in-law . 
 life could n't be that perfect , i thought . 
 `` well , i suppose now is the time for speeches . 
 i have an exciting and dramatic one planned for tomorrow , but an impromptu one is called for today , '' said owen , rising gracefully . 
 he made the simple motion of rising somehow look choreographed and elegant . 
 he instantly captured the attention of every eye at the dinner , and he flashed a handsome grin around the table . 
 `` first , a word for emma . 
 i know that jack has some bad habits . 
 i was his housemate in college , and despite having the best staff in the building , i still found his dirty socks all over the floor . 
 he also snores , forgets to put the lid down , and has a tendency to take everything far too seriously . '' 
 owen paused for a moment and jack called out , `` gee , thanks buddy . '' 
 `` i saw a lot of girls come and go . 
 i 've seen him with supermodels , heiresses , lingerie models , and even once , a secretary . '' 
 emma frowned slightly , but owen smiled , promising a compliment in the end . 
 `` but , i never saw him with a girl as beautiful , or a girl that made him as happy as you do . 
 the two of you fit together like you were made for one another , and i could n't be more happy for you both . '' 
 emma smiled and jack squeezed her hand . 
 owen turned slightly to face jack . 
 `` for jack , you have something most of us can only dream of . 
 you have a beautiful woman who puts up with the strange situations that our careers put us in . 
 a woman who , somehow , has found a way to flourish within it . 
 hold onto her . 
 the two of you have a beautiful future ahead . 
 that being said , if you ever need a break from him , emma , you know where to find me . '' 
 owen ended his speech with a suggestive wink and a raise of his glass . 
 everyone at the table clapped loudly and laughed as emma blushed slightly at the offer . 
 jack chuckled and kissed emma 's cheek , making her smile . 
 i felt a slight stab of envy as my sister lit up . 
 i was the older sister , but my little sister was about to get married and i did n't even have a date for the wedding . 
 i immediately chided myself for feeling jealous . 
 i loved that she was happy and so thoroughly in love . 
 she deserved every moment of joy and prosperity . 
 jack 's little brother robbie stood up once it was quiet . 
 `` jack , let me thank you again for not making me the best man , '' he started . 
 his words were slurring just a little bit . 
 `` i would have lost the ring , been late , and there is no way i could come up with a good speech . 
 besides , owen will look prettier in the pictures . 
 i am really glad to be here , though , and i 'm even more glad that it 's because my older brother is marrying someone as awesome as emma . 
 emma , you are the sister i never had , and i am excited to get to call you family . 
 that 's it . 
 kanpai ! '' 
 the japanese toast hung in the air as he slammed back the last of his wine and sat down , motioning to the waiter for more . 
 my father glanced around and then stood , raising his glass as well . 
 `` i guess it 's my turn , '' he said . 
 he looked down at his youngest daughter . 
 `` emma , you will always be my little girl . 
 i am so proud that you have found your way in the world . 
 i want you to know that your mother and i are so very proud of you . '' 
 my dad 's eyes grew blurry as he continued , unable to hide the waver of emotion running through his voice . 
 i knew this was hard for him . 
 emma was the baby of the family . 
 `` jack , i know you are going to take good care of our baby . 
 i 'm proud to finally have a son in the family . 
 cheers ! '' 
 everyone sipped their drink and gave a light applause . 
 i waited for the applause to die down before i stood up . 
 `` i guess that makes it my turn . 
 jack , you treat my sister the way she deserves to be treated - like a princess . 
 i know you make her happy , because she has this glow that she only gets around you . 
 i 've never seen her so happy or so sure of herself . 
 thank you . '' 
 jack tipped his head in acknowledgment and smiled . 
 i turned toward emma . 
 `` em , when mom and dad brought you home , i said i wanted a puppy instead . 
 i still want the dog , but , today , i 'm glad i 've got you . 
 i love you , sis . 
 thank you for letting me be a part of this . '' 
 i had intended to say more , but my voice caught and i did n't trust myself not to cry . 
 it did n't help that emma looked about ready to cry too . 
 she jumped up and immediately gave me a hug . 
 `` thanks , kaykay , '' she whispered into my ear . 
 i wiped a tear off my cheek and tried to look at the sky to make the rest of the tears go back to where they came from as i let her go . 
 she grinned at me as she sat down , her eyes shining too . 
 as everyone settled , a well-dressed waiter came and whispered into jack 's ear . 
 jack laughed and shook his head , looking over at emma . 
 `` for once it is n't one of my phone calls that is urgently interrupting . '' 
 the waiter handed emma a message . 
 she read it quickly , and then smiled apologetically at the table . 
 `` excuse me for just a minute . 
 they ca n't seem to function without me anymore . '' 
 she stood , kissed jack on the cheek , and ducked into the main building . 
 through the window , i could see her pick up a phone . 
 i wondered what could be so important that anyone would interrupt her wedding rehearsal dinner . 
 since officially moving to new york , emma had found a way to merge her dreams of working with animals and living with jack . 
 she had wanted to be a veterinarian since we were kids , but if she wanted to be with jack , that would n't be possible . 
 every patient would know she had infinitely deep pockets and would always be looking for a way to get free care or sue for any mistake , no matter how minor . 
 but , emma being emma , she had found a way . 
 she created the `` daniel saunders wildlife and marine rehabilitation program '' through jack 's company using their environmental restoration department . 
 everyday , she was able to work with jack and with rehabilitating animals . 
 she loved it , and it had been a good way to honor jack 's father , but it kept her as busy as jack . 
 honestly though , i could n't see her any other way . 
 emma was just too hard a worker to stop just because she got married . 
 emma came back out the door , her light blue dress trailing after her in the evening breeze . 
 she smiled at jack and sat down to finish her wine , the phone call finished . 
 jack smiled with obvious pride at his soon-to-be-legally-married wife . 
 the table was quiet , everyone sipping on the last of their wine and enjoying the evening . 
 `` thank you for a lovely evening , but it is time for us to retire , '' mrs. saunders said as emma sat down . 
 she rose and stood behind mr. saunders ' chair . 
 the old man was struggling to keep his eyes open , seemingly exhausted by the dinner and toast . 
 emma jumped up and gave mrs. saunders a friendly hug . 
 she was determined to win jack 's mother over eventually . 
 mrs. saunders returned the affection and emma bent to give mr. saunders a kiss on the cheek . 
 he beamed up at her , and waved as jack 's assistant , rachel , wheeled his chair away . 
 the table watched quietly as they disappeared around a perfectly manicured hedge and into the deepening night . 
 `` i think we 'll hit the hay too , '' my dad said as he pushed his chair out . 
 he stood and shook jack 's hand before giving emma a kiss . 
 mom gave them both a hug , her eyes bright . 
 her baby girl was getting married , and she was so incredibly proud and excited . 
 she kissed my head as she walked past . 
 i watched my parents walk hand and hand down the stone path , still very much in love . 
 i hoped to find a love like theirs someday . 
 `` i think that leaves just us young-uns , '' jack 's little brother said with a grin . 
 `` bring on the tequila ! '' 
 `` sorry , robbie , i have an early morning , '' jack said . 
 `` technically so do you , but since you just have to stand there and look pretty , it should n't be too hard . '' 
 he leaned back in his chair , in no obvious hurry to get anywhere . 
 `` what about the amazing bachelor party i have planned ? '' 
 robbie asked with mock seriousness . 
 jack grimaced and emma laughed . 
 from what i had heard , the new york bachelor party had been a crazy enough party for jack . 
 he would n't say exactly what they did , but he had refused to drink anything besides water and gatorade for a week . 
 `` what about you , kaylee ? '' 
 owen asked . 
 he said my name slowly , as though he liked the way it felt on his lips . 
 to be honest , i liked the way it sounded coming out of his mouth , but i was not about to do anything to encourage him . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i 'll probably have an early night . 
 we have a busy day tomorrow . '' 
 owen nodded , his blue eyes intent on mine . 
 `` perhaps i can interest you in a drink before you go ? '' 
 i opened my mouth , but nothing came out . 
 i wanted to say no , but it was as if he was hypnotizing me to say yes . 
 the way he held his body , his eyes catching mine and the seductive tone of voice , it was all incredibly hard to say no to . 
 no wonder the guy was a marketing vp . 
 `` count me in ! '' 
 robbie said with a smirk before i could actually answer . 
 owen gave him a sideways glare . 
 the spell was broken . 
 `` you oversold it . 
 even i was tempted , '' jack said , finishing his drink . 
 owen gave him a dirty look to match the one he had shot robbie . 
 `` if i was n't marrying this handsome man tomorrow , i would have been all over that , '' emma said and smiled sweetly at him . 
 owen raised his hands in defeat . 
 it was easy to tell that his method of picking up women was a known thing among the four of them . 
 `` fine , too obvious . 
 question still stands though kaylee . 
 would you like to get a drink ? '' 
 owen asked , his smile hopeful . 
 i had to nip this in the bud before he could try that hypnotizing look again . 
 girls probably fell for him left and right with that smolder . 
 `` sorry , no . 
 i 've sworn off men for a little while , '' i said . 
 i did not want to get burned by a man like i did last time . 
 `` especially men who buy me drinks . '' 
 possibly forever , i thought . 
 owen tipped his chin down and gave me the biggest blue puppy eyes i have ever seen . 
 i 'm not sure quite how he did it , but it took a lot of willpower not to give in . 
 when he started to tremble his lower lip , i almost caved , but then jack started to laugh . 
 `` oh kaylee , i think he likes you ! 
 he never does the puppy thing unless he 's desperate , '' jack just barely managed to say before he began to laugh . 
 he and emma were both snorting into their wine at the pathetic face owen was making . 
 `` you guys are seriously ruining my mojo . 
 this works every time . '' 
 owen glared at the happy couple , sparing an angry glance for robbie , who was cracking up in the corner . 
 `` i think i 'm going to go to bed , '' i said , knowing full well those blue eyes would get me if i stayed . 
 i needed to avoid men for a little while for my own good . 
 owen smiled up at me as i stood from the table . 
 `` would you like me to join you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he practically oozed charm . 
 it was n't a bad thing . 
 in fact , it was rather nice to be so obviously desired , but i had no interest in a random hookup . 
 i was n't looking for a good time , and i certainly was n't looking for a relationship . 
 not that he was even offering the latter . 
 `` you are persistent ! 
 thanks , but no thanks , '' i said , shaking my head . 
 i gave emma a hug and jack surprised me with a hug from him . 
 i was liking jack more and more . 
 `` you sure ? 
 i give excellent back rubs , '' owen tried again . 
 i knew he was just playing so i pretended to think about it , holding a finger up to my lips . 
 `` hmm ... nope . '' 
 `` break my heart ! '' 
 he cried , falling back into his chair as though i had wounded him . 
 he grinned and gave me a wink as i made sure i had my room key . 
 robbie came around the table and gave me a big bear hug , practically lifting me off the floor . 
 `` have a great night , kaylee , '' robbie said with a grin before turning to owen and adding , `` and that 's how you do it . '' 
 `` well , if that 's how it 's done , '' owen said , rising gracefully . 
 he stepped close to me and my heart started pounding in my chest for no apparent reason . 
 i had told myself i was n't going to give into him , and i was going to stick by it , no matter how much he made my insides heat . 
 `` have a wonderful night , kaylee . 
 dream sweet , '' he whispered as he wrapped me up in his arms . 
 for one glorious second , i let myself imagine being his . 
 my body ached to be touched , to be wrapped up with his . 
 his cologne was masculine but not overpowering , his arms strong and confident around me . 
 i honestly did n't want him to let go , but he released me before it could even be considered awkward . 
 i hoped i was n't blushing too noticeably . 
 `` you all have a good night , '' i managed to stutter before heading down the stone pathway off the porch . 
 i stepped into the twilight , feeling the warm tropical evening surround me . 
 the waves shushed in the distance and night insects sang in the bushes while the stars twinkled above . 
 it was something that i would have typically enjoyed , but right then , all i could think about was how good owen had smelled . 
 chapter 2 i watched as my dad walked my little sister down the aisle . 
 or rather , down the beach we had made into an aisle . 
 dad kissed her softly before reluctantly letting go . 
 jack grinned like the happiest person in the world as she stepped toward him . 
 emma was stunning . 
 she wore a flowing white dress that billowed slightly in the breeze and was just formal enough for a wedding , but casual enough that it screamed emma . 
 her long dark hair was half up in a complicated series of braids . 
 and the rest blew softly in the gentle wind . 
 she chose not to go with a veil , instead having tiny white flowers that matched her bouquet sprinkled throughout the dark braids . 
 she looked like something out of a fairytale which , considering the man she was marrying , was appropriate . 
 she handed me her flowers and turned to face jack . 
 everything about her was glowing . 
 her happiness was infectious . 
 i could n't have wiped the smile off my face if i tried . 
 the minister began in a deep voice , the audience sitting with rapt attention . 
 my mother kept dotting her eyes , tears of joy spilling down her face . 
 `` do you , emma larue , take this man to be your lawfully wedded husband ? 
 to have and to hold , in sickness and in health , for richer or poorer , for better or for worse , for as long as you both shall live ? '' 
 emma 's voice shook slightly as she answered , `` i do . '' 
 i knew she was happy , her entire being vibrating with joy . 
 jack grinned as she promised herself to him , a boyish enthusiasm radiating out from him in waves . 
 i really liked jack . 
 i had n't gotten to spend much time with him up until now , as he was often busy with the job of heading a major oil company . 
 the transition of leadership from the elderly daniel saunders leading the company to the younger jack saunders had been stressful , but he seemed to overflow with confidence now . 
 emma and i had discussed how swamped he had been , and how that meant she did n't get to see him as much as she would have liked . 
 she had been overjoyed when the transition period ended and he was able to leave work every night to be with her . 
 the fact that jack adored my little sister made him a good guy in my book . 
 every time she walked into the room , his eyes followed her , gleaming with love , and that told me that he was head over heels for her . 
 i loved the way she smiled and lit up whenever they were together . 
 the money was an added bonus , but i knew she would have loved him even if he had been broke . 
 jack slid a ring on her finger , the light catching on a massive diamond that cast a bright fire across the entire crowd . 
 it was fitting , because their love burned like a fire that cast happiness across everyone they met . 
 still , i hoped she was n't going swimming later because with that rock on her hand , she would drown . 
 owen put the ring box back into his pocket and caught my eye . 
 we made eye contact and he grinned at me . 
 my skin went hot , and i looked back at the ring , flustered . 
 i had dreamed about him all night . 
 dream sweet , he had said , and sweet dreams i had . 
 i tried to pay attention to the rest of the ceremony , but i could feel owen 's eyes on me . 
 and why not ? 
 i thought . 
 jack 's assistant had picked out a great dress for me , a strapless coral-colored dress . 
 she had contacted a tailor out in iowa to measure me and modify the dress to hug all my contours . 
 i could n't believe how good it looked on me , the color accenting my dark hair and the cut making me look like a supermodel . 
 i wanted to look back up at owen , but i knew if i did , i would blush . 
 the man was too charming for his own good . 
 why is it this hard to just ignore a man ? 
 i thought . 
 i was lost in thought for a moment as jack recited his vows . 
 `` i now pronounce you husband and wife ! 
 you may kiss the bride ! '' 
 everyone let out a cheer as jack leaned forward and kissed emma . 
 i let out a whoop and raised my bouquet to the sky , genuinely happy for my little sister . 
 the cameras flashed and clicked as the two of them broke apart , grins plastered on their faces . 
 jack grabbed her hand , and together they took off down the aisle , the rest of the bridal party following at a more sedate pace . 
 owen met me at the center point and offered his arm . 
 i took it , and he grinned as he walked me down the aisle . 
 his arm felt strong against mine , his muscles flexed as he escorted me back toward the resort . 
 i wondered if the rest of his body would feel as nice under me . 
 stop it , i thought . 
 i had promised myself no men for a while , and no matter how good owen looked in a suit or how much he flirted with me , i was n't about to give in . 
 i braced myself for the inevitable flirting that i knew i would endure as soon as the ceremony was over . 
 chapter 3 as the guests filed their way to the reception area , owen continued to walk with me toward the head table . 
 when we reached it , he pulled my chair out without a word . 
 i smiled and nodded at him . 
 `` thank you , sir . '' 
 `` you 're welcome , ma'am , '' he replied , a warm smile on his face . 
 he turned and walked to his chair , waiting for the rest of the party to begin . 
 i smiled to myself . 
 his overt sexuality had n't worked , so now he had decided to be a gentleman . 
 i 'm onto your little games , mr. parker , i thought to myself . 
 i had to admit though , it was cute . 
 the bride and groom stood at the entrance to the outdoor reception area , thanking each guest who came in . 
 jack had invited a lot more people than emma had , and my parents still had n't arrived at their table . 
 i looked for someone to talk to and suddenly found myself looking in owen 's direction . 
 he was looking right at me , smiling . 
 i blushed and looked away quickly . 
 it could n't hurt to talk to him just a little bit ... suddenly , the dj 's voice came over the speakers . 
 supposedly they had flown him in from new york as well , so i expected to get some dancing in later . 
 `` alright , let 's get this party started ! 
 can i get the bride and groom on the dance floor for their first dance as a married couple ? '' 
 i watched as my sister and her husband walked to the middle of the dance floor and embrace each other as a slow song started . 
 both jack and emma were usually talented dancers , but as the music played , they just hugged each other tightly and danced as if they really had been married for a while now , instead of only a day . 
 their long , confusing courtship was finally over and they were able to move on with their lives . 
 about halfway through the song , a tired looking daniel saunders wheeled his way onto the dance floor . 
 whispers were exchanged between father and son , and jack steadied the older man 's wheelchair as emma helped him to his feet . 
 emma held him delicately as they shuffled along to the music , the elderly saunders doing his best to keep up with the slow beat but unable to shuffle fast enough . 
 jack stood nearby with the wheelchair , dutifully waiting for his father to finish , a sad smile on his face . 
 emma hugged the frail man tightly , and i saw tears in the eyes of several of the guests as they watched the man struggle . 
 as the song ended , jack brought the wheelchair to daniel . 
 the dj spoke up then . 
 `` can we get all the rest of the fathers out there to dance with their daughters ? '' 
 my dad moved his way out to the dance floor , but daniel held on tightly to emma . 
 he leaned on his wheelchair and whispered something to jack . 
 jack frowned slightly , but i saw the fire in daniel 's eyes flare up as he made a demand of some sort . 
 jack nodded and went to a nearby table . 
 there sat rachel , jack 's personal assistant . 
 the elderly mr. saunders had groomed her since joining the company to be the billionaire 's right hand man . 
 it seemed to me that she probably had the most tears on her face of everyone at the wedding . 
 jack extended his hand to her and she accepted it . 
 i watched as dad reached emma , allowing her to continue to support the old man until jack returned with rachel . 
 rachel wrapped her arms around his weak body and he almost fell into her , but caught himself at the last moment . 
 emma squeezed his hand one last time before solemnly turning to face dad . 
 as soon as mr. saunders was safely entrusted to rachel , emma and dad smiled at them , then danced away . 
 daniel no longer shuffled his feet , he just leaned into rachel as other couples danced around them . 
 jack still stood next to the wheelchair , ready for him . 
 i saw daniel whisper something in rachel 's ear , and she burst out in laughter through her tears . 
 i was surprised that any doctor would let him travel , but i doubted he really asked permission . 
 this was going to be his last dance , and he knew it . 
 he would have spent all the billions of dollars of his company to be here if he had needed to . 
 as the song ended , i saw dad dip emma , then kiss her on the forehead as she came back up . 
 they embraced each other deeply . 
 i looked back over as rachel eased mr. saunders back into the wheelchair , her small frame able to handle his skin and bones with ease . 
 jack rolled his father back to his table while my father walked emma back to her table . 
 the music still played , but i felt like you could still hear a pin drop in the place . 
 my dad tapped me on the shoulder . 
 `` do you mind if i get a dance from you ? '' 
 i smiled and extended my hand , and my father led me to the dance floor . 
 `` you know , i always expected that you would be the first daughter i 'd dance with like this , '' he said in my ear as we pivoted slowly . 
 i nodded . 
 `` i know . '' 
 it was n't that emma was unattractive , but she had always been so studious , so unconcerned with boys . 
 sometimes i had envied the fact that no man seemed to be able to win her heart , whereas many men had managed to steal mine . 
 we danced until the song ended , and dad did another slow dip for me , kissing me as he had emma . 
 he brought me close again . 
 `` someday soon , kaylee . 
 your prince will come . '' 
 he squeezed my hand and smiled . 
 as i turned around , i was suddenly face-to-face with prince charming himself . 
 `` may i have the next dance ? '' 
 owen asked . 
 i looked back at dad , and he gave me a `` go on '' gesture . 
 i shrugged . 
 what harm could one slow dance do ? 
 i felt owen 's strong hands wrap around me , one on my shoulder and one on my waist , pulling me in closer . 
 just as i had before , i wanted him to draw me in completely , to take me . 
 stay strong , i told myself . 
 i danced slowly with him , trying to make eye contact , but looking away and blushing every time his blue eyes met mine . 
 `` so you obviously know what i do . 
 what do you do ? '' 
 owen asked finally , the plain question breaking the tension . 
 maybe he did n't feel any tension at all . 
 maybe he was just being friendly . 
 `` i 'm a physician 's assistant in the er , '' i said . 
 `` so ... like a secretary ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` nothing like a secretary , '' i said , a little annoyed at the question . 
 the song was ending , so he dipped me down low . 
 the form fitting coral dress did n't help the fact that i felt like i was being thrown into bed , and he lingered for just a moment longer than i thought he would at the bottom of the dip . 
 finally he lifted me back up . 
 `` i want to hear all about being a physician 's assistant , '' he said . 
 i opened my mouth , ready to tell him everything as we began to walk back to the table . 
 then i remembered that he knew every trick in the book . 
 `` you 're just trying to get me to talk about myself , are n't you ? 
 you think that 's the key to every woman 's heart . '' 
 he did n't even bat an eye . 
 `` yes i am . 
 is it working ? '' 
 i paused . 
 he 's playing with me , i thought . 
 `` no , but now you 're going to have to listen to me talk about all the gross things that happen at a hospital , '' i said . 
 he pulled my chair out for me , and i sat down . 
 he sat down in jack 's empty chair , put his elbows on the table , his face in his palms , and leaned in . 
 `` i 'm all ears , '' he said , sounding genuinely eager . 
 i sighed . 
 `` owen ... '' my tone must have said it all . 
 owen jumped back . 
 `` say no more . 
 i can tell when i have no chance of making the sale . 
 if you do n't want me to talk to you again , just let me know . '' 
 i pouted . 
 `` it 's not like that ... '' `` so you do want me to talk to you ? '' 
 he asked , a charming smile on his face . 
 i could n't help but blush and look away shyly . 
 `` look , i 'll leave you be for now . 
 if you feel like talking later , come find me . '' 
 with that , he stood up , walking toward mr. saunders . 
 i knew that he 'd have plenty to talk about with the businesspeople at the party , so maybe it really was better that i did n't waste his time by talking about myself . 
 i watched him move with the confidence of a man who knew what he wanted and usually got it . 
 well not today mr. parker . 
 today , not even your money could buy what you wanted . 
 he looked back at me , those piercing blue eyes catching me in just the right way . 
 take me , i 'm yours ... no ! 
 the civil war in my brain continued to rage on . 
 *** for the next few hours , i spoke with my parents or my sister , shooting occasional glances at owen . 
 most of the time , he was n't looking at me , but sometimes , he was . 
 every time our eyes met , i smiled at him . 
 i drank a couple cups of punch , danced with a couple of jack 's younger cousins , and enjoyed the festivities . 
 the dj they had flown in from new york was worth every penny . 
 when it came time for emma to throw the bouquet , i joined the crowd . 
 emma winked at me as she turned around . 
 as she threw the bouquet behind her head , i watched it sail in a perfect arc toward me . 
 if this was on purpose , i thought , then she must have been practicing her behind-the-back bouquet tosses . 
 i held out my hands to catch the bouquet - and suddenly a young teenage girl about sixteen years old jumped up and snatched it . 
 the crowd cheered for the young lady , and my eyes went straight to owen . 
 his eyes were on me too , and i gave him my best ca n't - win-em-all shrug . 
 he walked over to me , drink in hand . 
 `` you were robbed , '' he said . 
 i smiled . 
 `` i thought you were n't going to talk to me anymore , '' i said , a wry smile on my face . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` you initiated communication , even though it was nonverbal . '' 
 i laughed and he continued . 
 `` besides , you looked bored . '' 
 i leaned in and whispered . 
 `` i feel guilty , but i am a little bored . 
 i do n't know many people here , and emma is so busy talking to people . '' 
 he shrugged again . 
 `` you know me . 
 listen , jack 's brother robbie has his racing boat parked on a marina right down the beach . 
 why do n't we take it for a spin ? '' 
 that sounds like fun , i thought . 
 you really should n't though . 
 i could feel my resistance breaking down . 
 `` i should really stay here until the end of the wedding . '' 
 owen smiled . 
 `` jack will look for any excuse to start his wedding night as soon as possible , if you catch my drift . 
 the best man and maid of honor leaving would be such a perfect excuse . 
 besides , i have to hear all about the gross stuff that happens at hospitals . '' 
 maybe just a quick boat ride ... owen continued . 
 `` or , if you 'd like , we can just go straight back to my cabana house , '' he said . 
 i grimaced a little . 
 he just lost the sale , i thought . 
 `` you know what ? 
 i do think i 'll call it a night . 
 it was a pleasure , owen , '' i said . 
 owen knew he had messed up . 
 `` of course , '' he said , gracefully accepting defeat . 
 `` perhaps i 'll see you tomorrow , '' he added , hopefully . 
 `` perhaps , '' i replied coolly , not counting on him still being interested in me tomorrow . 
 tomorrow i would be plain old kaylee , small town girl from iowa , not maid of honor at his best friend 's wedding . 
 i went and said good night to my parents and gave emma one last hug . 
 i left quickly , looking back one last time . 
 owen 's eyes were on me as i left , and he raised his hand in a quick , meek wave . 
 when i got to my room , i took a nice bath , thinking of owen joining me in the warm suds . 
 i turned the air conditioning in the room down to 68 and lay down in bed , watching tv as i drifted off to sleep . 
 somehow , even with the room being as cool as it was , i still writhed uncomfortably in bed as i slept , the thought of the strong , rich man down at that wedding consuming my every thought . 
 chapter 4 the next morning , i awoke a sweaty mess . 
 owen had invaded my dreams , and i had a feeling he would occupy my thoughts for the rest of the day as well . 
 still , i had taken my first flight on an airplane in order to be here , and i was going to make the most of this vacation . 
 tomorrow evening i would be back on a miserable flight to iowa , so i might as well make some memories while i was here . 
 i knew that emma would probably be exhausted from partying and everything else that goes along with a wedding night , so i just grabbed a book and headed out to the beach . 
 it was quiet on the resort , as all the guests were sleeping off the party . 
 a tree caught my eye as i wandered toward the water , and i went to investigate . 
 it was a funny little tree , with bunches of beautiful five petaled flowers . 
 i picked one blossom from a branch , and held it to my nose . 
 it was the sweetest flower i had ever smelled . 
 i tucked one behind my ear , feeling very pretty . 
 i went down to the beach , not terribly interested in finding a place to read just yet . 
 setting the book down on a safe patch of sand , i waded into the crystal clear ocean . 
 the water was too warm and wonderful not to at least dip my toes in at every chance . 
 i kicked lightly at the waves , looking down the shore . 
 a few hundred yards away was a set of cabana houses . 
 jack and emma were in one of them , the two of them staying in the same cabana where they had fallen in love . 
 something else caught my attention , though . 
 a woman 's scream of terror shattered the quiet of the beach . 
 i remembered emma 's story of saving a man 's life on the beach , and i knew that it now was my responsibility to do the same . 
 i jumped to my feet , scanning the water for signs of a woman drowning . 
 soon i realized that the sound was n't coming from the water-it was coming from above ... there , hundreds of feet in the air , a woman screamed as she was pulled behind a boat . 
 a huge red parachute kept her airborne as she flew through the air . 
 the only thing preventing her from flying off into the stratosphere was a tether connected to her harness and the boat . 
 that looks fun , i thought . 
 way too dangerous , though . 
 as the woman soared through the sky , screaming in joy and terror , i knew that i wanted to try it . 
 it would be the perfect vacation adventure , something to tell the girls back home . 
 this was my vacation . 
 i had spent my whole life playing it safe , never leaving the security of iowa . 
 now that i was in a faraway place , i was going to try some new things . 
 i turned around and picked up my book from where i left in in the sand . 
 when i stood back up and turned around , i was face to face with owen . 
 he was wearing nothing but a pair of expensive looking swim trunks and even more expensive-looking sunglasses . 
 i could n't help giving his body a once-over , realizing that he must have women do this all the time . 
 he grinned as if he knew exactly what i was doing , and instead of feeling embarrassed , i was glad i had looked . 
 i had felt how strong he was every time he had touched me in the past couple days , but i had n't expected those muscles to be so ... uncovered . 
 there was n't a hair on his body below his ears . 
 indeed , even his face was completely clean shaven , and his square jaw accentuated the obvious hardness of his muscles . 
 i knew i was beginning to stare when he said , `` what are you up to ? '' 
 i opened my mouth but no words came out . 
 i pointed behind me at the general vicinity of the woman in the sky , my head not allowing itself to turn away from the greek god who stood before me . 
 he smiled . 
 `` i have n't been parasailing in a while , but i still have a ` chute at my place . 
 would you like to go with me ? '' 
 once again , he was trying to get me to go to his house . 
 i smiled , this time managed to stutter a response . 
 `` i ca n't , i - '' he cut me off , removing his sunglasses . 
 his blue eyes squinted immediately , but it had the desired effect as he stared at me and i felt my knees turn to jelly . 
 `` kaylee , no more excuses . 
 i want you to go parasailing with me , and then i want to hear all about being a physician 's assistant . '' 
 i did n't know how i had managed to resist him this long , but i lost the battle with my own common sense at that moment . 
 as soon as i decided to go with him , i regained most of my confidence . 
 `` sounds great ! 
 i just have to drop my book off at my room , and we can go . '' 
 he gestured to me to lead the way . 
 as i walked past him , he put his hand on my back , guiding me as i headed to the row of rooms jack had rented out . 
 normally i would have shrugged him off , but his touch felt so good ... chapter 5 the walk to his beach house was pretty quick , and he spent the time talking to me about my job . 
 i kept the details as sparse as possible , not wanting him to think that i was too interested . 
 however , with every look he gave me , i found my resistance breaking down . 
 he walked beside me , occasionally bumping into me a little bit , and i wondered if i would even make it to his place before my defenses broke down completely . 
 as we neared his house , i gasped . 
 oh sure , he never told me it was his until we got close , but i could see it from about a mile away . 
 it was huge , with gigantic bay windows looking out over the ocean . 
 there were balconies off of every bedroom . 
 it looked more like another resort than somebody 's home . 
 why not ? 
 i asked myself . 
 with all the money in the world , i might do the same thing . 
 i had wanted to check it out , but i never got the chance . 
 naturally , he had somehow sent a message to the dock that we were going parasailing without me even noticing . 
 a parachute with two harnesses was already set up and ready for us to go on the dock attached to his mansion . 
 `` are we ready to go ? '' 
 owen asked as we approached the dock . 
 the owner of the speed boat looked like an experienced sea hand , typing on his tablet quickly . 
 `` i 'm all set , mr. parker , and the weather is good for the next few hours . '' 
 owen nodded , and we began to get into the harnesses . 
 the captain strapped us into what looked like a big swing for two . 
 i began to get nervous as he explained what we should do in an emergency , but nodded my head and acted unafraid . 
 there was no way i was going to back out of this now . 
 this was a vacation adventure , and i was going to treat it that way . 
 before the boat started moving , owen reached over and plucked the flower from my hair , raising it to his nose and taking a breath . 
 `` ah , plumeria . 
 these usually grow in hawaii , but i see no reason why they would n't thrive here , '' he said softly . 
 `` i wondered what it was . 
 i think it might be my new favorite . '' 
 i grinned at him as he pocketed the small flower , making sure it was safe as the speedboat 's engine revved . 
 we rode out to the designated area on the back of the boat . 
 i gripped the straps of the `` swing '' tightly , getting more and more nervous by the moment . 
 another man kept the tether reeled in while the captain looked back at us . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 he yelled at us . 
 owen looked at me . 
 `` are you afraid of heights ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i smiled at him . 
 it was probably pretty obvious . 
 `` a little , '' i confessed . 
 he smiled back . 
 `` me too . '' 
 he gave a thumbs-up to the captain . 
 the captain hit the throttle as the assistant freed the release on the tether . 
 suddenly , i felt myself being pulled off the back of the boat . 
 the captain had warned us that this is what it would feel like , but i panicked a little anyway . 
 soon , however , we were completely clear of the boat and climbing . 
 i felt the parachute bring us higher and higher , and i found myself growing more and more excited . 
 when owen let out a whoop of joy , i joined in with him , screaming my own lungs out . 
 the captain had told us that the tether was four-hundred feet long but that we would only be going up about half that distance . 
 still , as we reached the apex of our flight , i could see for miles around . 
 owen grabbed at my hand , and i looked over at him and gave him a huge grin . 
 after about fifteen minutes of looking at all the scenery and feeling the wind blow us around , i could feel the tether reeling us back in . 
 we got closer and closer to the boat , and soon we lifted our legs up , getting ready to land . 
 i could see owen 's eyes on my toned legs , which were probably the sexiest part of my body . 
 let him look , i thought , i 've been checking him out all day . 
 within another few moments , we were safely back on the boat . 
 the assistant helped us out of our harnesses , and i took a seat . 
 owen pulled a cooler out of a storage compartment , and inside was ice and a bottle of champagne . 
 he had already popped the cork , pulling two glasses out before i had a chance to refuse . 
 the label on the bottle looked fancy . 
 he poured two servings and set the bottle back down in an ornate bottle holder . 
 he sat next to me , not shy at all about how close the two of us were sitting . 
 he handed me a glass , and i accepted . 
 our cups clinked softly together as he toasted , `` to trying new things on vacation . '' 
 i grinned back . 
 `` to vacation , '' i agreed . 
 we both took a sip . 
 he looked out to the sea , his blue eyes seeming to search the waves for something . 
 `` i was lying when i said i was just a little scared of heights . 
 i 'm terrified of them , '' he said . 
 i looked at him , unsure if he was telling the truth . 
 `` we did n't have to go parasailing , you know . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` i 've gotten used to them , '' he said . 
 `` not only do i fly everywhere , i spend a lot of time in dubai , and the tower they put me in is the highest in the world . 
 as long as i do n't go too close to the windows , i 'm okay . '' 
 i sipped the wine again . 
 `` dubai ? 
 where is that ? '' 
 `` it 's part of an oil-rich state in the middle east , '' he explained . 
 then he smiled and looked at me . 
 `` but i 'm no wikipedia page on the subject . 
 what are you afraid of ? '' 
 `` me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the sudden question threw me off . 
 i 'm afraid of dying alone , came my immediate thought , but there was no way i could say that . 
 it was n't even quite true , but the last man i had been with had taken advantage of me , and i was still feeling vulnerable . 
 so i said the next best thing . 
 `` i 'm afraid there 's no decent men left in this world . '' 
 owen smiled . 
 `` all the good ones are either taken or gay , '' he said . 
 i leaned in a little closer . 
 `` so which one are you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` indecent , '' he said without a moment 's hesitation . 
 i looked down , seeing if he meant what i thought he meant . 
 `` made you look , '' he said . 
 i slapped his chest without thinking , the hardness of his muscles once again taking me by surprise . 
 he must work out every day , i thought . 
 he knew what i had felt just then , and immediately his eyes were on me , on my body . 
 he looked at me with a hunger in his eyes . 
 `` so , '' i said , trying to break him out of it . 
 `` i should probably get back to the resort . 
 my family probably thinks i wandered off into the ocean by now . '' 
 `` that 's already been taken care of . 
 jack has let your family know that you wandered off with me , '' he said . 
 i blushed and looked down at my feet . 
 they knew my reputation all too well and were probably already making assumptions . 
 `` great , '' i said . 
 `` we might as well take our time then . '' 
 `` my thinking exactly , '' he said . 
 `` i saw you looking at my house earlier . 
 would you like a tour ? '' 
 i hesitated . 
 the place had been huge , and i had wanted to check it out , but now i wavered . 
 my inner voice popped up again . 
 go ! 
 check out the billionaire 's mansion ! 
 you 're on vacation , and besides , when are you going to get another chance like this ? 
 my inner voice was right . 
 it was a vacation . 
 i was n't about to fall in love like i always seemed to do , and even if i did , my vacation was going to be over tomorrow anyway . 
 `` i 'd love a tour , '' i said . 
 i could feel my smile beaming , but i still do n't think it was as big as his was . 
 chapter 6 he opened the huge oak door to his house and ushered me inside . 
 i stood at the entrance for a moment , not wanting to track sand all over , but he just kicked his sandals off near the wall and walked right in . 
 i followed suit . 
 i knew that jack had been staying here when he met emma , and that he had stopped sleeping here to stay in her cabana house by the beach . 
 i 'm sure if emma had known what he was giving up to be with her , she would have insisted on living here instead . 
 owen took me on the grand tour , showing me the kitchen , the living room , the dining room , and the backyard where he hosted parties . 
 a beautiful gazebo stood in one corner , and i thought about how much i 'd like to have a gazebo like that in my backyard someday . 
 an open door revealed some stairs leading downward . 
 `` what 's down there ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` nothing really . 
 just where i hang out when it 's just me and close friends . '' 
 i waited . 
 `` well , can i see it ? '' 
 he looked at me quizzically . 
 `` you want to see my man cave ? '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` of course i want to see your man cave . '' 
 i walked down the wooden stairs . 
 the light from the basement stairwell only reached slightly into the room , so i had to squint in order to see . 
 owen switched a switch and the room lit up . 
 a tattered , comfortable looking , leather couch sat in front of a big screen tv . 
 one of every video game system made since the super nintendo was hooked up , with controllers and games neatly filed in drawers on either side of the entertainment center . 
 an old pinball machine whirred to life in the corner . 
 neon signs flickered on over a wooden bar with every kind of liquor i could think of . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` it 's ... a man cave , alright , '' i said . 
 he walked behind the bar , immediately picking up a washcloth and a glass . 
 `` what can i get you , young lady ? '' 
 he inquired . 
 `` were you a bartender in a past life ? '' 
 i quipped , taking a seat on one of the stools . 
 `` i 'll take a malibu on the rocks . '' 
 `` a good vacation choice , '' he said . 
 `` i play bartender every chance i get . 
 someday , when i retire , i 'm going to open up a bar . '' 
 `` bars are too much trouble , '' i said . 
 `` you have to get a liquor license , jump through all sorts of hoops , and then you have to make the place chic . '' 
 `` too true . 
 would you like a splash of pineapple juice ? '' 
 he asked , pouring a drink for himself as well . 
 `` that sounds delicious . '' 
 he set the drink down in front of me and i took a sip . 
 `` when i retire , i want to open a bed and breakfast . 
 just a few rooms , i 'll cook up eggs and pancakes every morning , my husband can gossip with the guests ... '' `` so this is a group thing , huh ? 
 you 're going to drag your future husband into this scheme of yours as well ? '' 
 he asked , a teasing tone to his voice . 
 i shrugged and took another drink . 
 `` it 's my fantasy , so yes , he 's into the scheme . '' 
 `` what other fantasies do you have ? '' 
 he wondered , leaning in . 
 danger ! 
 danger , kaylee ! 
 i thought . 
 the comment was clearly sexual in nature , and if i spent all day talking about my fantasies , he 'd have me right where he wanted me ... i tossed the rest of the drink back . 
 `` pour me another , barkeep , and do n't skimp on the pineapple juice , '' i said . 
 another drink was poured for me , quick as could be . 
 i reached into my pocket and opened up my wallet , fishing out a dollar bill . 
 i slid it across the table toward him . 
 `` do n't spend it all in one place . '' 
 he grabbed the pocket of his shirt and opened it toward me , leaning in . 
 i picked the dollar back up and tucked it in the open space . 
 as i stuffed the bill in , i felt his muscular chest again , but i did n't pull my hand away . 
 `` what kind of fantasies can a man like you have , anyway ? 
 what can a billion of these not buy ? '' 
 i asked , moving the dollar bill against his chest more . 
 his eyes flickered , a flash of sadness behind them for just a moment . 
 `` i 'm still a human being , you know . 
 one with wants and needs . 
 do you really want to know what i want the most ? '' 
 i leaned in closer . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 he pulled away . 
 was it something i said ? 
 i thought . 
 i did n't know what i had done to offend him , to make him pull back , but then he walked around the bar , and sat down at the stool next to me . 
 his voice got even lower as he leaned in conspiratorially . 
 `` jack and i were supposed to hang out last year at his vacation . 
 even though he brought his secretary , it was supposed to be kind of a bachelor party that we 'd never have , because we both knew that we 'd never find someone who could look past all this , '' he said as he waved his hand in the air , as if this man cave were the measure of his wealth . 
 `` but , after i did n't see him the entire trip , we shared a flight back to new york . 
 he had met someone , and he would n't shut up about her . '' 
 his voice got lower , as if he were ashamed . 
 `` how witty she was . 
 how fantastic in bed she was . 
 when i found out that she had n't even known about his money , you ca n't even imagine how jealous i was . 
 when i met emma , i was immediately attracted to her . '' 
 the tone of his voice betrayed the fact that it was more than just an attraction . 
 it was a startling confession . 
 the suave billionaire must have known that the way to a woman 's heart was not to basically confess their unrequited love for their younger sister , but he had done just that . 
 `` but jack had never been happier , so i kept my distance . 
 oh , we spoke , and of course i flirted with her , but it was painful . 
 she has no idea of course . '' 
 he looked at me , and his eyes conveyed an unspoken and i 'd like to keep it that way . 
 i nodded , unwilling to interrupt him . 
 `` but , i found out that emma had a big sister . 
 one who was somehow even more beautiful and just as witty . 
 one who was having just as much problem finding happiness as her little sister had . 
 one who i was finally going to meet at a wedding . '' 
 he sighed , taking the dollar bill out of his shirt pocket and throwing it on the floor , looking at it with disgust . 
 `` if i could have one thing , one fantasy , it would be a time machine , so i could go back in time before you had me pegged as an a ** hole billionaire . 
 i 'd let you fall for me like i 've already fallen for you . '' 
 i 'm his fantasy , i realized . 
 i was speechless , but there was no need to let words do the talking . 
 in the back of my mind , the cautious voice in my head was telling me that he might be making all this up just to get in my panties , but that voice was quickly drowned out . 
 i looked into his blue windows of the soul , and knew that he was being completely genuine . 
 i leaned in and pressed my lips against his . 
 as my tongue darted into his mouth , i could taste the coconut liquor on his lips , and i drank him in . 
 he returned the kiss eagerly , wrapping his hands around my back and bringing me in closer . 
 i pulled him into me , his skin smooth on my fingers . 
 we broke from the kiss and i marveled at his huge pecs and abs , eying him hungrily . 
 i knew he was looking at me the same way , and it turned me on . 
 my hands found their way to his chest , my nails running up and down his body immediately . 
 he shuddered , obviously in shock that his fantasy was about to come true . 
 my t-shirt was next , and with one deft motion , he untied the back of my bikini top as well . 
 he did n't remove it , but rather allowed it to hang loosely for a moment . 
 i smiled at him , putting my hands over my small br ** sts for a moment before peeling off the bikini top . 
 it was at that moment that his lust hit a breaking point . 
 he stood up from the bar stool , lifting me up like i was weightless . 
 i wrapped my legs around him and he held me up . 
 my hair fell into his face , getting in the way of our kisses as our bodies pressed together . 
 i began to grind against him , pushing my body into his even more , as he walked over to the couch . 
 he set me down gently , then kissed the length of my neck , drinking in my body . 
 he kissed each of my br ** sts for just a few moments , my n ** ples hardening as soon as they felt his tongue against them . 
 then he continued moving down . 
 i felt a momentary pang of panic as he unbuttoned my jean shorts , but it passed as soon as i looked into his eyes . 
 i saw nothing but honest love emanating from him , and i wanted him to continue . 
 i needed him . 
 he worked the jean shorts down my long legs before untying my bikini bottoms . 
 those , too , were off my legs in a heartbeat . 
 he began to kiss up my legs , past my knees , working toward my thighs ... i knew where he was going , and i knew my own body better than he did . 
 after all the walking , the parasailing , and the alcohol , i was n't at my freshest . 
 i grabbed him by the hair , but he kept moving up . 
 `` owen , you do n't have to ... to ... '' i stopped as his tongue met my labia , unable to speak any longer . 
 the guys i had been with never bothered to give me head , but i could honestly say that that first time owen performed cunnilingus on me , he changed my world . 
 he devoured me , giving everything that he had to my pleasure . 
 his tongue moved up and down in ways that i had n't thought possible . 
 as he grabbed my legs and positioned himself to better hit my pleasure center , i knew that i would n't be able to last long . 
 as i had when we were on the back of the boat , getting ready to parasail , i felt myself begin to lose control . 
 i could feel myself floating , being dragged up and off by nature itself . 
 only this time , i felt more prepared . 
 i did n't panic , i let it happen . 
 i let myself be lifted into the sky by the pleasure that coursed through my body , and as i felt myself climbing , i could feel my muscles become more and more tense . 
 `` oh , owen , '' i moaned as i reached into the heavens . 
 my hands went from owen 's hair to the arm of the couch behind me as i braced myself for my orgasm . 
 i felt his tongue lift me higher and higher , until i felt like i was above the clouds . 
 my muscles began to jerk as i found myself in heaven , the pleasure so intense that i squeezed my legs around owen 's head as the most intense orgasm of my life rocked my body . 
 as the pleasure subsided a little , i felt myself dip back below the clouds . 
 i relaxed my grip on owen 's head , expecting him to stop , but he just kept going at the same pace and intensity . 
 i felt the wind beneath my sails again as i rose even higher into the clouds . 
 i felt my body begin to sweat as my eyes rolled back into my head and i orgasmed again . 
 as this second orgasm subsided , i grabbed owen by the hair and pulled hard . 
 he immediately came up to my mouth and kissed me , as he worked his swimming trunks off . 
 i could feel his erection press up against me and i wanted it more than anything . 
 `` please , owen . 
 please , make love to me , '' i begged , rocking my body up against his . 
 he moved his lips to my ear , kissing me lightly . 
 i continued to try to take him inside of me . 
 `` wait , '' he said , but i could n't help myself . 
 i needed him , worse than i had needed any man in my life . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 he insisted , but i did n't listen . 
 i heard him groan into my ear , and he obviously wanted this as much as i did . 
 with what must have been herculean strength , he managed to break from me . 
 i watched his toned ass as he moved to his entertainment center and opened the drawer labeled `` sega genesis '' . 
 he reached his hand in and pulled out a condom . 
 as he turned , i finally got a look at his manhood . 
 it was long and thick , and incredibly sexy . 
 he tore open the wrapper of the condom and rolled it onto his cock . 
 i was on birth control , but i appreciated the gesture and i was n't about to stop him . 
 he quickly returned , finding the exact position he had left . 
 `` now i 'm ready , '' he said , and immediately began to push into me . 
 i was so wet , but i could still feel him expanding me , stretching me . 
 i dug my nails into his back and bit his shoulder as he filled me completely . 
 i heard him moan with pleasure as i enveloped him . 
 he whispered into my ear , `` i 've wanted this for so long . '' 
 he pushed himself up with his huge biceps , making the muscles flex and gleam in the light . 
 i raked my fingernails from where they had dug into his back down his sides , and he began to thrust inside me in earnest . 
 his body , already with a light sheen of moisture on it , began to sweat as he pumped in and out of me . 
 i moved my hands to my br ** sts as they swayed underneath him , as he growled with appreciation . 
 no man i had ever been with had the rhythm and strength of owen parker . 
 with every mighty thrust within me , i felt like he was going deeper and deeper . 
 i looked at his backside as his h * ps undulated like a snake and his ass moved back and forth . 
 `` oh , that is so hot , '' i moaned . 
 a drop of sweat fell from his forehead right before he pulled out of me , turning me on my side . 
 he got behind me on the couch , putting one arm beneath my neck and the other over my body , grabbing one breast in each hand . 
 i lifted one leg and allowed him to enter my nether regions before wrapping his legs up in mine . 
 we writhed together as if we were one person . 
 i felt his smooth , hairless chest against my back as he pushed into me with increased intensity . 
 i could feel him squeezing me in tighter , his arms pulling me into him , trying to absorb me . 
 i wanted him to absorb me . 
 with him inside me , i felt whole . 
 i felt his thrusts get more and more frantic . 
 i knew that he was about to have his own orgasm , and i wanted to be right there with him . 
 my hand moved south , and i began to vigorously rub myself . 
 with him filling me and my own direct stimulation , i felt myself rising toward orgasm even quicker than before . 
 as my body began to tense up , i felt his breath in my ear . 
 it was coming in ragged bursts now , as he was clearly getting close . 
 `` yes , '' i moaned . 
 i felt myself rising on the parasail again , only this time i was n't alone . 
 this time , i had someone in the seat next to me , rising himself , becoming closer to me . 
 as he slammed into me , groaning into my ear with release , i felt my own body seize up . 
 he hugged me even closer to him as our two bodies moved in tandem , our feet rubbing against each other , our bodies sliding against each other . 
 he continued to breathe in my ear , and with every shudder he made , i got another rush of delight . 
 we flew through the clouds , lifted by a parachute of pleasure , for what seemed like forever . 
 finally , he finished . 
 he pulled out of me quickly , before he began to grow soft , and disposed of the condom . 
 he lay back down behind me , snuggling up against me . 
 his big arms wrapped around me , and i felt completely safe and warm . 
 for several minutes , we laid like this while our breathing returned to normal . 
 i should have known better than to ruin the moment , but something had been bothering me . 
 `` what 's with the condoms in the sega genesis drawer ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he burst out laughing , the motion making me shiver with delight . 
 `` it 's kind of an inside joke . 
 i lost my virginity during a particularly intense game of sonic the hedgehog 2 . 
 from then on , i made sure that i always had a condom available while i played . '' 
 i smiled . 
 what a normal thing to have happen to a billionaire . 
 i should stop thinking about him like that , i thought . 
 he was just a man , and i needed to stop thinking of him as some kind of inhuman thing . 
 `` do you still have it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` what , the condom ? 
 no , i tossed it out , '' he said . 
 i turned around , my br ** sts brushing against his chest . 
 `` no , silly . 
 sonic 2 . 
 i have n't played in years . '' 
 he grinned the biggest smile i had seen since i met him . 
 he pushed himself off the couch and went to the tv , unwrapping two controllers . 
 i admired that ass of his as he set up the game , thinking that this was the kind of vacation i had always wanted . 
 *** we sat there , already completely comfortable with our nak * d bodies , and played sonic 2 for about half an hour . 
 somehow he cheated , because there was no way he could beat me that many times in a row without cheating . 
 halfway through a game , i heard his phone begin to ring . 
 he set the ancient controller down on his knees and dug around in his swim trunks for his phone . 
 i kept playing , not bothering to pause it for him . 
 this might be my only chance to win a round . 
 someone was talking on the other end as he picked up the controller and kept playing . 
 `` yeah . 
 yeah . 
 okay . 
 yeah . 
 we 'll be there . '' 
 he put the controller down and started to go to the tv . 
 `` wait ! 
 i 'm going to beat you this time ! '' 
 i said when i noticed him reaching for the video game console . 
 he laughed . 
 `` i forfeit . 
 you won all the rounds , '' he said as he reached for the power button again . 
 `` that 's not fair ! '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 `` you 're just giving up because you know you 're going to lose . '' 
 he looked at me for about a half-second , then quickly ran back to the couch and lifted up the controller , picking up where he had left off . 
 it was a close one , but i eked out a victory by a smaller margin than i should have . 
 my victory dance was probably a little excessive , but he did n't seem to mind watching me prance around his man cave . 
 `` when you 're done looking silly , we have a party to go to . 
 we 'll have to hurry to make it on time , '' he said . 
 `` party ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i did n't hear about a party . '' 
 `` robbie just set it up . 
 he wants everyone on his yacht for a cocktail party tonight . 
 i know he 's wanted to get everyone on that boat for a while now , '' he said . 
 i bit my lip . 
 it was a habit i had passed on to emma , though she did it more than i did . 
 `` owen , i only had a four-day weekend here . 
 i leave tomorrow afternoon . 
 i was hoping we could spend the rest of the evening together , '' i said . 
 he looked at me like i was concerned about nothing . 
 `` we 'll have the rest of the evening , during and after the party . '' 
 i continued to look at him , thinking about how just a few minutes ago he was telling me how much he had wanted me , and now he wanted to go to a party . 
 however , his features softened . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i 'll call him back and tell him we are n't coming . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i blurted out . 
 `` no , you 're right , let 's go to the party . 
 can you get a ride for me back to the hotel ? 
 i have to get dressed . '' 
 he hesitated for a moment , then said , `` of course . 
 i 'll get ready here and we can meet at the boat . '' 
 he threw his swim trunks on and then watched me get my own jeans and t-shirt on . 
 i carried my bathing suit with me as he called his driver to come pick me up . 
 he waited on the front porch -lrb- which was as beautiful as the back porch -rrb- with me while the car came . 
 `` i 'll see you there , sweetheart , '' he said . 
 sweetheart . 
 the name fit me well , i thought . 
 he kissed me on the cheek , then disappeared back in the house . 
 chapter 7 as i entered my hotel room , the word still rang in my head . 
 sweetheart . 
 did that mean we were a couple now ? 
 was this just a way to keep him in my good graces for the rest of the time i was here at the resort ? 
 i was so confused . 
 i had only brought three dresses on this vacation . 
 one was my bridesmaid dress , and i could n't wear that . 
 i had a slutty red dress that i could use to really impress him , or ... i picked up my favorite dress in the world . 
 it looked like it was out of the 1950s , like it could be in some marilyn monroe film . 
 it was light pink with warm brown dots all over it . 
 it had a pretty belt that went around the waist , and it flared out at the bottom . 
 i put it on , the fabric soft and light , perfect for a tropical evening . 
 i carefully did my makeup , going with a light , natural look . 
 i did n't bother doing anything special with my hair , instead just tying the long dark locks up in a simple ponytail . 
 we were going to be out on a boat , and i had seen enough tv to know there would be wind . 
 it did n't take me long to walk down to the resort dock , where robbie 's yacht bobbed happily in the water . 
 i grinned with excitement as i saw it . 
 tall masts rose with graceful ropes attached like strange streamers proclaimed it a sailing vessel rather than something with a motor . 
 it reminded me of an old-fashioned pirate ship , and knowing robbie , i would n't have been surprised to see a pirate flag waving from the top mast . 
 emma waved as she saw me approach , jack at her side and looking like he was enjoying his honeymoon . 
 i knew robbie would already be on the boat , but i did n't see owen yet . 
 the thought that i beat him getting ready made me giggle . 
 i had to remember to call him a girl later for taking so long to get pretty . 
 i stepped onto the deck , carefully picking my way to where emma sat sipping on champagne . 
 jack grinned and handed me a glass of the bubbly liquid . 
 `` where 's yours ? '' 
 i asked , noticing he did n't have a drink . 
 jack grinned and pointed his head toward what i assumed was where the steering wheel would be . 
 `` robbie has a strict ` no alcohol for anyone sailing ' policy . 
 since i 'm helping man the sails , nothing but water for me . '' 
 i nodded and glanced around the beautiful yacht . 
 it was smaller than i expected a billionaire 's yacht to be , but it was incredibly beautiful . 
 wooden decks gleamed , and from what i could see of the interior , it was furnished as nicely as owen 's house . 
 `` how do you race on this ? '' 
 i asked jack , pointing toward a series of deck chairs facing out at the ocean . 
 i could n't imagine that would be very helpful in a racing situation . 
 robbie laughed coming around the corner , his green eyes bright . 
 `` this is n't my racing yacht . 
 this is my caribbean yachting yacht . 
 i like to race in solo competitions , and this one is just too big to handle by myself . '' 
 my lips made an `` o '' shape , as i nodded and glanced around . 
 i knew nothing about sailing , but with as many sails as i could see , it was easy to understand this ship would need a crew , especially in harsh weather . 
 `` solo competitions ? 
 is n't that dangerous ? '' 
 i asked . 
 robbie shrugged . 
 `` it can be . 
 i just do n't trust anyone else on the water but me . 
 you should come watch me race sometime . 
 i think you 'd enjoy it . '' 
 robbie grinned , launching into a description of what the races were like . 
 his eyes shone with excitement at talking about the sport he loved . 
 he was a different person out here on the water . 
 on land he was the ever drunk , screw-up younger brother with nothing to do . 
 out here , he was the captain of his world , and he took it seriously . 
 i was about to ask him more , but jack called out a greeting to owen , and i turned . 
 `` hey , owen ! 
 glad you decided to join us . 
 i got worried when kaylee arrived by herself . 
 i was sure the two of you would be arriving together , '' emma called , slurring her speech a little . 
 jack kept a straight face , but i was sure i saw emma wink . 
 i sighed . 
 i was never going to live this down . 
 `` who 's to say we did n't ? 
 maybe we did and we 're just trying to confuse you ? '' 
 owen gave me a wink of his own as he sauntered across the deck . 
 i could n't help but blush , turning out toward the ocean so my sister would n't see . 
 `` sure . 
 the girl who falls in love at the drop of a hat and the man who ca n't help but charm every female he runs across , both of whom disappeared together for an entire afternoon together , arrived separately in order to confuse us . 
 sounds perfectly legit , '' emma said . 
 i wondered just how many glasses of champagne she 'd had in order to spout these blunt truths so freely . 
 a silence fell across the deck as everyone avoided eye contact . 
 jack frowned at her and snatched her glass . 
 `` i think that 's good for now , emma . 
 why do n't you go sit down and look for dolphins ? '' 
 she pouted for a moment , looking at her glass , but then trotted off to a deck chair . 
 she swayed as she walked and it was n't because the boat was moving . 
 jack just shook his head at her and hid her champagne . 
 robbie broke the awkward silence , announcing that everyone was aboard and we were shoving off . 
 i glanced up at the sails , expecting them to unfurl and propel us across the blue water , but instead a motor revved and we started moving . 
 `` do n't worry , we 'll use the sails . 
 we just need to get out in open water , '' robbie assured me when he saw my disappointed look . 
 it was only a few minutes before robbie deemed the wind right and turned off the motor . 
 robbie , jack , and an experienced looking crewman worked the sails , the boat suddenly flying across the water . 
 i stood at the bow , the warm wind skimming the ocean 's surface . 
 the water was turning from tropical aqua to a sapphire blue as we headed away from land . 
 it was n't long before all i could see was the gently rippling horizon in every direction . 
 owen leaned against the railing beside me , close enough to touch if we wanted , but far enough away that the others would n't tease . 
 `` you look like you 've seen a miracle , '' he said . 
 `` i 've never been out on the ocean before . 
 heck , i 'd never even seen the ocean before i got here . 
 it 's spectacular . '' 
 i gazed out at the water as it started to catch the light from the setting sun . 
 the waves shone with tiny mirrors as the water began to turn golden with the sunset . 
 `` you 're doing well for a first-timer . 
 have you been on a boat before ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` the only ` boat ' i 've been on is a paddle-boat at gray 's lake . 
 but even though i loved that , this is so much better . '' 
 owen stared out at the horizon , nodding gently . 
 he was about to speak when we hit a wave and the boat lurched . 
 i was n't expecting it , but owen caught my hand and steadied me . 
 `` no falling overboard . 
 i do n't really like swimming in my nice clothes , '' he said with an easy grin . 
 he held onto my hand , not letting it go despite the fact that i no longer needed it . 
 i was glad ; i did n't want him to . 
 we stood there , looking out at the water as the sun kissed the horizon and turned the world to gold and crimson . 
 it was spectacular , but over in an instant , as the dark night surrounded our tiny boat . 
 it was so beautiful i was sure it had to be a dream . 
 the sky began to twinkle , the sky full of more stars than i had ever seen . 
 with owen 's hand in mine , i was sure i would wake up at any moment . 
 it was all just too good to be true . 
 owen slipped his arm around my shoulders , his warmth seeping into me as the heat from the sun dissipated . 
 i knew that emma , jack and robbie could clearly see us , but i did n't care . 
 despite my best intentions , i was falling hard for this charming man . 
 i glanced over at him , taking in his golden hair , perfect cheekbones and broad shoulders , wondering what i had done to deserve this moment . 
 the boat dipped again , and owen pulled me more tightly to him . 
 i could smell his cologne mixing with the salt in the air . 
 he turned , his eyes as deep as the water , and kissed me . 
 for a moment , i let myself forget everything but that kiss . 
 there was no island , no flight tomorrow , no having to return home alone , just this moment wrapped up in his embrace . 
 i knew this would never happen again , that i would never get another moment like this . 
 tomorrow i would go back to my life in iowa , he would go back to his life in dubai , and that would be the end . 
 our worlds were just too different for it to happen any other way . 
 `` hey ! 
 no making out on my boat ! '' 
 robbie yelled at us . 
 i felt the blush flare across my cheeks as owen let me go . 
 i looked back to see jack giving a small golf clap , but at least emma was passed out on the deck chair . 
 i looked over at owen and he gave me a grin . 
 they were going to tease us both until the end of time , but , at that moment , i did n't care . 
 it was worth it . 
 `` you two lovebirds ready to head back ? '' 
 jack asked . 
 i looked down at my watch surprised that we had been out on the water for over two hours at that point . 
 emma was snoring softly on the deck chair . 
 i looked out at the water and could see the lights of the resort coming back into view . 
 owen turned to me . 
 `` you want to finish that tour of my place ? '' 
 he somehow managed to keep all the innuendo out of his voice . 
 i glanced at jack and robbie as they trimmed the sails . 
 emma would be waking up soon . 
 `` it would mean they would see us leaving together , '' i said softly . 
 owen kissed my cheek . 
 `` i do n't care if you do n't , '' he whispered back . 
 i grinned and grabbed his hand , ready to go explore his mansion . 
 i was on vacation , and i was going to have a good time . 
 *** `` you sure you do n't want me to come to the airport with you ? '' 
 owen asked as he lounged on my bed . 
 he had his head in his hand , elbow bent as he watched me finish packing my bags . 
 i thought about jumping him again right there . 
 we had just come from his beach house so i could pack after a fantastic night together . 
 i was going to be sore for days as it was , so i decided against it . 
 `` no , i 'd rather go by myself . '' 
 no need for him to see me freak out getting on the plane . 
 i would rather he not remember me as a terrified mess . 
 `` thank you though . '' 
 he gave me a radiant smile . 
 `` you sure you have to leave ? 
 i can have my private jet fly you home . '' 
 i thought about it for a long moment . 
 it was such a tempting offer . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i have to work tomorrow . '' 
 he made a face that told me he clearly was n't impressed by my excuse . 
 i laughed and crawled up on the bed next to him . 
 `` i had to fight to get this much time off . 
 besides , i like my job . '' 
 `` i thought you said you wanted to open a bandb ? '' 
 i gave him an impressed look . 
 he had been paying attention . 
 `` i do , but there 's no way i can afford to right now . 
 i 've got student loans out the wazoo , and i do n't feel right having emma pay them off . '' 
 owen nodded . 
 i knew we were both avoiding the subject we really wanted to talk about . 
 what would happen after this vacation ? 
 there was no fake marriage ceremony tying us together , no paparazzi that would be hounding me everywhere i went . 
 he had no reason to visit me , and despite his heartfelt words , i just could n't see us continuing a real relationship . 
 a knock on the door announced my driver to the airport . 
 i looked at owen and slowly stood up from the bed to answer the door . 
 the driver took my bags , wheeling them to the waiting car while giving me some privacy to say goodbye . 
 `` owen , '' i started , but i could n't find the words to make this hurt less . 
 goodbyes were always hard for me . 
 owen did n't say a word , he just wrapped me up in his arms and kissed me . 
 i 've never wanted a kiss to last forever as much as i did then . 
 when we finally broke apart , i turned and ran , unable to look him in the eye . 
 i wanted that moment to be perfect in my mind forever . 
 if i did n't actually say goodbye , then maybe it would n't actually happen . 
 owen stood out on the porch of my room , his blonde hair blowing softly in the wind as the car rolled away . 
 he held up one hand in a wave , growing smaller until i could no longer see him . 
 i cried all the way to the airport . 
 chapter 8 `` kaylee , you have a new patient in room four and the man in room five is puking again . '' 
 allie , one of the er unit assistants , sidled up to me , handing me the freshly made chart for the patient in room 4 . 
 `` i have mr. smith in room three ready for his ekg , and we are just waiting on dr. gregory to come consult . 
 by the way , how was your sister 's wedding ? '' 
 `` it was great . 
 i think iowa needs an ocean , '' i said with a grin . 
 allie giggled in agreement as i flipped open the battered blue plastic binder and started scanning through the patient 's history . 
 thomas birch . 
 male , age sixteen , fell skateboarding . 
 complains of 8/10 pain in wrist . 
 no known allergies or other pertinent medical history . 
 it was looking like a fairly routine-but-busy day . 
 at least the busy day would keep my mind off a certain someone . 
 `` we 'll probably need x-rays , '' i said after reading the file . 
 `` will you find out what the wait time is down in radiology ? 
 and go ahead and let marta know that mr. birch can have the standard pain med protocol . 
 for the man in room five , make sure he has a bucket . 
 i 'll check on him next and see if we ca n't up the medication in his iv . '' 
 allie nodded and hurried off to find the nurse . 
 i tucked the chart under my arm and headed to the room . 
 a young man stared up at me with big eyes , trying to be brave as his eyes betrayed the fear crawling up inside of him . 
 i knew he was taking in my white lab coat , the chart under my arm , and the dark blue scrubs , hoping that i would be able to make things better . 
 `` are you the doctor ? '' 
 he asked . 
 his mom looked up , her face anxious . 
 `` i 'm kaylee , and i 'm a physician 's assistant . 
 i 'd like to take a look at your arm , if that 's okay with you . '' 
 he nodded slowly as i washed my hands and sat down on a wheelie chair by his gurney . 
 he started to tell me how the accident happened , and i listened as i looked him over , asking questions and jotting notes . 
 the poor kid 's arm had an extra bend in it and was swollen . 
 it looked really painful . 
 quickly i scribbled down my observations onto the chart . 
 probable closed distal radius fracture : no open wound . 
 x-ray , consult with ortho , cast vs surgery , my mind ran through the diagnosis , thinking of the next steps . 
 `` you 're going to have to lay off the ollies for a little while with this . 
 it looks like you have a distal radius fracture , or a broken wrist . 
 we 'll need an x-ray to know for sure exactly what 's broken . '' 
 i gently placed his damaged wrist back in his lap . 
 he looked at me with big eyes . 
 `` as long as it is just a simple break , it should n't be a problem . 
 in a little bit , someone will be in to take you to radiology to get your x-rays . 
 once we get them back , we 'll have a better idea of what to do next . '' 
 `` is he going to need surgery ? '' 
 the boy 's mother 's face was pale and drawn . 
 `` we wo n't know until after the x-rays . 
 hopefully not , though , '' i answered honestly . 
 the mother nodded and pressed her lips into a thin line . 
 `` i 'll make sure to let you know as soon as we get the films . 
 can i get you anything ? '' 
 the boy and his mother shook their heads , and i thanked both of them , washed my hands and left the room . 
 i could hear a trauma alert going off for section three . 
 i was section two , but i still mentally prepared myself . 
 if it was a rough one , i would have to hop over and help . 
 `` kaylee , you have a phone call , line two , '' allie called out to me from the desk . 
 i went into the nurse 's station and found a chair , opening the chart to write my notes and orders before picking up the phone . 
 `` er , this is kaylee , how may i help you ? '' 
 `` if i wanted to see you again , would i have to be a patient ? '' 
 the voice caught me off guard for a moment . 
 no way it was owen . 
 as much as i wanted it to be him , there was no way a suave , handsome billionaire was going to call me at the er . 
 `` owen ? '' 
 i hoped i did n't sound as squeaky through the phone as i did to my own ears . 
 `` are you in the habit of seeing many people ? '' 
 i could hear his handsome smile through the phone . 
 out in the parking lot an ambulance siren sounded its arrival . 
 i glanced up , checking the status boards , seeing two more patients pop up for my area . 
 hopefully the trauma would n't need my help because this day was starting to look a little hectic . 
 `` if you came into this er without a major trauma , i would give you one . 
 it is too busy today and we are just getting busier . '' 
 i scribbled out my signature on the bottom of the order page and handed the chart to the charge nurse for order input . 
 `` alright then . 
 what time do you get off work ? '' 
 `` 7:30 . 
 though it 's usually a little later just to finish paperwork . 
 why ? '' 
 three new patients in the waiting room . 
 `` i 'll give you a call then . '' 
 there was a smile in his voice as the line shifted to silence . 
 i placed the receiver back on the phone , a small smile forming on my lips . 
 it was something to look forward to at the end of my shift . 
 the medics wheeled an elderly woman with what appeared to be a broken hip into the trauma room . 
 at least they were n't going to need the backup , i thought to myself as i headed to room five . 
 my mind kept replaying owen 's voice , the promise lingering in my head . 
 i 'll give you a call then . 
 i wondered where he got the er 's phone number , but i realized it would n't be that hard to figure out . 
 he knew i worked in an er and there are n't very many ers in des moines . 
 heck , it would n't be that hard to figure out my private cell number for a man as wealthy as owen . 
 i could n't wait to hear from him again . 
 i stepped into room five , my shoes slipping on the floor . 
 just because we had given him a bucket did n't mean he was using it . 
 i sighed . 
 7:30 could n't come fast enough . 
 chapter 9 my feet hurt so much i was tempted to crawl through the parking lot to get to my car . 
 it was almost 8:00 , but the er had been so packed i had n't been able to escape any earlier . 
 my boss was not going to be pleased with all the overtime . 
 maybe she 'll stop pestering me to take extra shifts , i thought . 
 nah , not gon na happen in this lifetime . 
 the phones had been ringing off the hook , but the desk secretary promised none of the calls had been for me . 
 i had been able to stave off disappointment until i got to my locker and saw i had no messages on my phone . 
 so much for owen 's call . 
 as i stepped out of the main er doors , the frosty night air stung my face . 
 it smelled like it might snow later . 
 i adjusted my scarf to keep the draft out of my coat and began the long walk to my car . 
 i was just hoping it would start with the bitter cold and a semi-dead battery . 
 note to self , i really needed to get that fixed . 
 just as i reached the curb , my phone began to buzz . 
 a grin cracked my face as i did n't even pause to look at the caller id and just hit `` answer '' . 
 `` owen ? '' 
 i asked excitedly into the phone . 
 a siren from the ambulance room sounded , covering up any response i might have heard . 
 i shot an irritated glare toward the ambulance driver , hoping that owen was still on the line . 
 i nearly dropped my phone when i looked over though . 
 instead of seeing a bashful emt , there was owen , leaning against the hood of the ambulance with a bouquet of flowers . 
 he grinned and pushed himself off the red hood and gracefully sauntered over to where i stood , my jaw resting on the pavement . 
 he reached over and gently hit the `` end call '' button once he reached me , the contact bringing me out of my shock at seeing him . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 my mind was spinning . 
 this had to be a trick my brain was playing . 
 owen was supposed to be in new york working for jack , not bringing me flowers at an er in des moines . 
 `` it 's a little after 7:30 , and i said i would call you . 
 so , i 'm calling you , '' he said quietly . 
 his breath frosted the night air as he spoke and he was close enough that i could almost feel his warmth . 
 i was torn between reaching out and touching him to make sure he was real , or just holding still and letting the dream continue . 
 `` these are for you . '' 
 he held out the flowers , the plastic lining rustling as he uncovered the protective shell so i could see them . 
 they were soft pink plumeria flowers . 
 i took a deep breath , the sweet fragrance instantly bringing me back to the warm sun and sand . 
 i realized they were the same type of flowers that i had been wearing in my hair . 
 `` they 're beautiful , '' i whispered . 
 my eyes flickered up to look at him and his blue eyes made my heart skip a beat . 
 even in the garish light of the garage he was gorgeous . 
 i kept hoping he would lean down and kiss me . 
 `` not as beautiful as you , '' he whispered , and for a moment , i believed him . 
 he tipped his chin down , angling to bring his mouth to mine , but then a cold wind whipped my hair , flinging the tiny strands that had escaped my messy pony tail into my eyes . 
 it must have hit him too , and i remembered we were standing in the middle of an ambulance receiving bay . 
 `` thank you , '' i said as i shivered . 
 owen looked perfectly warm in his long black wool overcoat , but my own coat was just a little short in the sleeves and let in bursts of cold air whenever i moved . 
 owen rubbed his gloved hands up and down my arms as soon as he saw i was trembling . 
 `` let 's get you out of the cold . 
 follow me . 
 i have chinese food in the car . '' 
 he reached for my hand and began pulling me gently toward visitor parking . 
 i followed eagerly , my stomach growling for something other than hospital coffee and the bagel i stole from the doctor 's lounge for lunch . 
 `` chinese ? 
 how did you know to bring exactly what i was craving ? '' 
 sesame chicken sounded like the most delicious thing i could imagine at that moment . 
 well , at least as far as food went ... `` i 'm just that good ... '' he smirked like it was true , but it quickly crumbled into a guilty grin when i raised my eyebrows . 
 `` emma told me it was your favorite . 
 i was going to get us reservations at a french restaurant , but she made sure i knew that you could be a grouch at the end of your shifts and i would be risking my life taking you anywhere nice in scrubs . 
 so , i have comfort food and a bottle of wine in the car . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` as much as i hate to admit it , she 's right . 
 i probably would have killed you in a horrible and gruesome fashion if i was expected to go out tonight . 
 chinese gets you extra brownie points . '' 
 owen laughed . 
 my night was infinitely better now , the stresses of the busy shift drifting away on the the last of the winter winds . 
 this was the best way to end a shift . 
 a large black limousine loomed up out of the darkness , purring softly in a corner of the visitors ' lot . 
 owen opened the door and i slid in , the smell of delicious food steaming the tinted windows . 
 `` oh my god , it smells amazing in here ! 
 what all did you get ? '' 
 i wriggled out of my jacket and bent over one of the brown paper bags , tearing into it like a rabid badger . 
 `` sesame chicken , lemon chicken , shrimp lo-main , spicy beef stir-fry , wontons , dumplings , egg-rolls , and egg fried rice . 
 i hope i got something you like . '' 
 i paused long enough in my frantic opening of the bag to grin up at him as he shrugged gracefully out of his coat . 
 `` something i like ? 
 you got everything i like ! '' 
 he relaxed into the seat , rolling his shirt cuffs up , his blue eyes watching me with a twinkle . 
 `` good . 
 i 'd hate for you to starve . '' 
 i popped a dumpling into my mouth and made a funny face at him , enjoying the way his face crinkled when he laughed . 
 he leaned over and dug into one of the bags until he pulled out a box of fried rice and a pair of chopsticks . 
 he easily started eating the rice with the cheap wooden sticks . 
 `` how 'd you learn to do that ? '' 
 i asked , my mouth full of chicken and dumpling . 
 `` i travel a lot . 
 japan is a big market and there are a lot of business meetings over dinner . '' 
 he easily maneuvered the tiny grains of rice into his mouth like it was easy to get them to stick together and not fall all over the leather seats . 
 `` japan ? 
 that must be exciting , '' i said , taking another bite of sesame chicken . 
 owen nodded and continued eating his rice . 
 `` i do n't get to go there often . 
 i mostly travel to the middle east and recently to growing parts of asia and africa . '' 
 `` are n't those parts of the world dangerous ? '' 
 `` a little . 
 but , it 's my job , so i do it . 
 if i go to japan sometime soon , would you like to go with me ? '' 
 he lifted his chopsticks neatly to his mouth without a single grain of rice falling off . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 emma 's wedding was the first time i 've ever left the country . 
 i 'm not really big on traveling . '' 
 i avoided his eyes and dug around in the bag for the egg-rolls . 
 `` what ? 
 i thought everyone liked to travel . '' 
 i could feel the question dancing in his blue eyes as he looked at me . 
 his smile made my heart race . 
 i swallowed my food down hard . 
 i did n't want to tell him how traveling made me nervous . 
 how i did n't do well away from home or that i loathed the idea of getting on an airplane . 
 the trip for emma 's wedding had taken four shots of whiskey just to get me okay with the idea of the plane taking off . 
 coming home had n't been much better . 
 `` i guess i just like home . 
 i like having my life in one place and knowing where everything is . 
 i like road trips to see old friends , but all my favorite things are right here . 
 why would i want to leave ? '' 
 i said , a wry smile on my face to disguise the nervousness i felt at even talking about it . 
 owen nodded thoughtfully before shrugging and giving me one of his trademarked smiles . 
 `` the invitation still stands . 
 i would love to take you to japan . '' 
 `` how about you just come with me back to my place ? '' 
 i held my breath for a moment . 
 i was n't the one who was usually so bold , but the man did fly out and bring me flowers in a limo . 
 owen 's face darkened and he set the now empty box of rice down carefully on the seat . 
 `` i ca n't , kaylee . 
 i want to , i really , really want to , but i ca n't . 
 i have a meeting in the morning . '' 
 `` oh , '' i said . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` you sure ? '' 
 i felt a small twinge of rejection , but i knew he did n't mean it that way . 
 i still felt it , though . 
 `` kaylee , i wish more than anything i could stay with you tonight , but my flight leaves in an hour and i have to be on it . 
 i 'll probably be late for my meeting as is . '' 
 owen 's blue eyes held mine and i could see the wish reflected in their depths . 
 `` what do you mean , you 'll be late as is ? 
 it ca n't be any later than nine and new york is , what , a three hour flight ? '' 
 i asked slowly . 
 `` the meeting is n't in new york . 
 it 's in abu dhabi . 
 and i guess technically the meeting is n't tomorrow , but the time changes just get confusing . '' 
 he looked up apologetically . 
 `` i really just wanted to see you again . '' 
 `` you flew three hours in the wrong direction , just to bring me chinese food and flowers ? '' 
 `` basically . '' 
 i was floored . 
 no one had ever done anything like that for me . 
 i felt a warm glow start in my chest , a happiness that made me smile involuntarily . 
 he really did like me . 
 i leaned over and kissed him . 
 the world was tipsy and wonderful , but somehow incredibly right as our lips met . 
 his hand grabbed the back of my neck , his fingers tangling in the mess of my ponytail , pulling me closer to him . 
 i slid across the leather seat , heat and desire searing through me . 
 all i wanted was to kiss him , to touch him , to be with him . 
 his shoulders were strong under my hands , his arms wrapping around me and pulling me into him . 
 i loved the way he smelled , the way he tasted , the way he groaned into my kiss like it was the only thing in the world he had ever wanted . 
 he nibbled on my bottom lip , his tongue dancing with mine as his hands roamed my back and sides . 
 i began unbuttoning his dress shirt , trying very hard not to simply just rip the buttons off instead . 
 `` kaylee , my flight ... '' he groaned , but he did n't bother to finish the sentence , letting me continue working on his buttons . 
 the last two , i ripped off . 
 as soon as his shirt was undone , he reached for my scrub top , lifting it easily over my head and tossing it next to the car door . 
 i giggled as he ran a finger across the strap of the tank top i wore underneath , loving the way his fingers tickled across my skin . 
 he slipped a strap off one shoulder , pushing the bra strap with it , and leaned forward to gently kiss the bare skin . 
 i shivered with anticipation and he pushed the second set of straps off as well . 
 he licked his lips , his pupils going wide as he traced my collar bone from the shoulder to the center of my breast bone and down into my cl ** vage . 
 with gentle fingers , he caressed the swells of my br ** sts peeking out from the tank top . 
 i leaned my head back and let out a sigh of pleasure . 
 this was exactly what i needed after a shift from hell . 
 `` excuse me sir , but it is time to go to the airport . 
 if you give me the young lady 's keys , i will start her car before we leave , '' the limo chauffeur 's voice came over the intercom . 
 i stiffened for a moment , thinking he was watching us , but the privacy screen was still in place . 
 `` if you give him your keys , he 'll give us a few more minutes , '' owen whispered , brushing a stray strand of dark hair off my cheek . 
 i quickly scrambled for my coat , digging into the pockets for the worn keys . 
 owen hit the button on the privacy screen , lowering it just enough to let me slide the keys through . 
 `` it 's a gray dodge neon , third row from the end in the main employee lot , '' i told the driver before owen raised the screen back up . 
 i heard the car door open and close , soft footsteps disappearing into the night . 
 `` we have only a couple of minutes , '' owen whispered . 
 his eyes were dark with want as he looked me up and down , seeing something that he wanted very badly . 
 `` but i just ca n't say no . '' 
 `` then we better make it quick , '' i replied , kissing him fiercely . 
 i still was n't looking for a relationship , but when a perfectly muscled man flies three hours to bring you dinner and flowers , it 's hard to say no . 
 especially when your body is screaming yes . 
 `` i do n't have a condom , '' he said softly . 
 i gave him a wicked grin . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i 'm on birth control ... and i trust you . '' 
 he pulled down sharply on my shirt , dragging my bra along with it and exposing my br ** sts to him . 
 his tongue was on my nipple in an instant , turning it into a hard nub of pleasure in his mouth . 
 i moaned softly , pushing my chest further into his face and reaching to fumble with his belt . 
 i felt his strong hands slide over mine , easily undoing the button and zipper . 
 i let my hand slide into the opening of his pants , and gasped as i felt his full length ready for my touch . 
 he bit down softly , sending a gentle shock through me and deep into my core . 
 i ran my hands up and down the length of his shaft , feeling him somehow continue to swell . 
 i pulled at the strings holding my scrub pants to my hips , feeling the comfortable fabric loosen and fall . 
 owen sped it along , pulling them off as i kicked my clogs off and squirmed out of my pants . 
 as soon as my legs were free , i straddled owen 's lap , kissing him and drawing his tongue into my mouth . 
 his manhood pressed up against my underwear , begging for entrance , and i pushed my h * ps down into him . 
 he wrapped one arm around me , his fingers splaying on my back while the other slid my panties to the side . 
 for a glorious moment he sat poised at my entrance , our eyes locked , breathing heavy . 
 then slowly , so slowly , he slid into me , inch by glorious inch , until i could hold no more . 
 a shiver of pleasure ran down my spine , and i began rocking back and forth , taking as much of him into me as i could . 
 i never wanted this to end , but i heard the driver open the door and start the engine . 
 owen pulled me closer to him , thrusting his h * ps upward with a need that could n't be stopped . 
 his hands pulled my h * ps and back into him , our bodies pressed together , skin rubbing against skin . 
 the limo slowed to a stop , and i knew we did n't have much time . 
 `` sir , your flight is in less than twenty minutes , '' the disembodied voice came through the intercom . 
 owen 's mouth opened as he panted for breath , his body beginning to shake with exertion . 
 i kissed his ear , feeling the velvety softness across my lips as i whispered his name . 
 i wanted him so badly , my entire spine was on fire with longing . 
 we locked eyes , and his mouth dropped open . 
 i nodded silently , quickly , letting him know it was okay . 
 with a groan of release , owen spasmed underneath me . 
 i leaned my head against him , his shoulders heaving with effort . 
 he wrapped his arms around me , keeping me close for a moment longer , absorbing me into him . 
 `` that was n't quite what i expected when i came out here , '' he murmured into my ponytail as it ran down my back . 
 `` i really did just come to bring you flowers . '' 
 i giggled and sat up , looking into his perfect face . 
 his hair was mussed and his cheeks flushed , but his eyes held mine like a magnet . 
 i did n't want to ever look away . 
 `` just do n't go telling anyone that all it takes is flowers , '' i said , only half joking . 
 owen stretched his neck and kissed the tip of my nose . 
 `` never . '' 
 a knock on the privacy glass broke into our moment as the driver reminded us that we could n't stay like this forever . 
 owen kissed me once again before helping me slide onto the seat and back into my pants . 
 we were both dressed again in moments , hardly a trace left behind as owen opened the door to let me out . 
 it was dark and cold outside , and all i wanted to do was jump back into the limo and back into owen 's arms . 
 one look at him told me that he felt the same way , but he dutifully opened the driver 's door to my beaten up little neon . 
 emma had offered to buy me a new one , but this one worked just fine , other than an old battery . 
 i set the bouquet of flowers and the bags of extra chinese food in the back seat , coming back around for one more kiss . 
 owen pulled me close , his lips and tongue hot compared to the winter 's night . 
 i kissed him like i was drowning and he was air . 
 like i needed him in order to breathe . 
 i was n't sure anymore that i did n't . 
 the chauffeur coughed discreetly after too short a time . 
 owen cupped my cheek and gave me one last quick kiss that made my lips tingle for more before turning away . 
 i got into the warm driver 's seat and watched as he hurried into the limousine . 
 i raised my hand , not wanting to wave goodbye as the door closed and he drove off into the night . 
 i drove home , unable to decide if i was happy or sad . 
 the two emotions played tug-of-war , pulling me toward glad i had seen him back to gloomy he had left . 
 i barely made it into pajamas before collapsing in bed , drifting into dreams of owen . 
 chapter 10 six a.m. came far too early the next day . 
 i groaned and rolled out of bed , the wood floor creaking and cold under my feet . 
 i heard the automatic coffee pot sputter , and i trudged into the kitchen , wishing i could just go back to my dreams with owen . 
 the flowers were still in the plastic on my kitchen table . 
 at least i had put them in water before collapsing into bed , so they were still beautiful and vibrant . 
 i lowered the cellophane wrapping and took a deep breath . 
 the soft floral notes did n't remind me of the ocean anymore . 
 they reminded me of someone with blonde hair and deep blue eyes . 
 i smiled , enjoying the memory . 
 i wondered what owen was doing right then . 
 i snapped myself out of my thoughts , quickly drinking my coffee so that i could get in the shower . 
 i had another twelve-hour shift in front of me , and no matter how much i would rather spend my morning daydreaming , i had work to do . 
 *** the er was busy for the first half of the morning . 
 patients trickled in at a steady rate , keeping me busy as i raced around between the rooms . 
 despite the work , i was walking on air . 
 i knew i had a silly smile on my face as i went through my routine , but i did n't care . 
 i had seen owen last night and it had been fantastic . 
 there was nothing that could spoil this day for me . 
 `` hey , kaylee , you have a visitor in the waiting room , '' allie called from the desk . 
 i frowned slightly . 
 it could n't be owen , he was probably in the middle of a desert by now . 
 no one else would need to come visit me at work , or at least they would know to call first . 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 `` security did n't say . '' 
 i handed her the chart i had just finished and told her i would be back in a minute . 
 visitors were n't allowed in the actual er , so i headed out to the waiting room to see who it was . 
 the heavy metal doors dividing the waiting room from the er clanked shut behind me and my heart sank . 
 standing there joking with the security guard was my ex-boyfriend . 
 `` what are you doing here , michael ? '' 
 i asked , trying to stay polite . 
 i had told him a hundred times not to bother me at work . 
 i had been the one to break it off with him , but i got the feeling that he was n't ready to let me go . 
 `` i came to see you , kay ! 
 i thought we could get lunch . '' 
 i hated when he called me kay . 
 you mean , you thought i would buy you lunch . 
 he smiled at me like he was doing me the favor . 
 i motioned him away from the security guard to a quiet corner so that we could talk privately . 
 `` michael , i am really busy today . 
 you know that i 've asked you not to visit me at work . '' 
 i was trying very hard not to get angry . 
 this was just so typical of him . 
 `` i just wanted to see you , kay . 
 things have been really hard , and i miss you , '' he said . 
 his big brown eyes begged me to forgive him , to just love him . 
 i had fallen into those eyes too many times , but never again . 
 this relationship was not healthy . 
 i had spent too much time falling for his tricks to make me do things for him while he did nothing in return . 
 i thought of all the times he had asked me to take care of things , but how he was always busy or too tired to help me when i needed it . 
 all the condescending comments and cruel teasing . 
 the lack of compliments . 
 how he had made me feel like i was never going to be good enough for anyone but him , but he would keep me because he was just that good of a guy . 
 the way he put me down so i would do anything to please him . 
 an anger i did n't even realize was there bubbled up . 
 `` no , you do n't miss me , '' i said , my voice rising . 
 `` you miss me taking care of you . 
 you miss me feeling sorry for you because your life is so difficult . 
 you miss me doing all the work to fix it . 
 i am worth so much more than what you tell me i am . 
 i 'm tired of it . 
 i 'm tired of not being appreciated ! 
 the only time you come around is when you want something . '' 
 i surprised myself by actually saying it out loud . 
 i had thought those words so many times , but i never had the guts to say it before . 
 shock registered in michael 's face . 
 i had never yelled at him like this . 
 `` kay , i do appreciate you ! 
 i really do ! 
 it 's just that things are hard right now . 
 i hate being away from you . 
 my car broke and that job fell through and - '' `` i do n't care , michael , '' i said , cutting him off . 
 `` i told you we 're done . 
 i meant it . 
 i do n't want to take care of you and your problems . 
 it is always all about you . 
 when 's the last time you helped me out ? 
 because i ca n't remember . 
 i ca n't remember the last time you got me flowers or made me dinner or even offered to help do the dishes . 
 i 'm tired of taking care of you and getting nothing in return . 
 i 'm going back to work now , and i do n't want you to visit me again . '' 
 i hoped he could n't see that i was shaking in my crocs . 
 everything i hated about our relationship had just kind of spilled out . 
 as he stood there gaping at me , i realized just how much he had neglected me . 
 owen flew three hours in the wrong direction just to bring me flowers . 
 in just the week since i had met owen , he had done more nice things for me than michael had done in the two years we were together . 
 it was n't about him spending money on me , either . 
 it was about how he treated me . 
 owen complimented me . 
 michael teased . 
 owen put other people first . 
 michael never thought of anyone but himself . 
 i did n't like myself when i was with michael , because he was always putting me down . 
 i was so much better than what michael told me i was . 
 looking back , i was shocked that i had let the relationship go on as long as i did . 
 `` kay , i do n't understand . 
 you know things are bad for me right now , '' he said quietly . 
 his shoulders slumped and he looked so dejected and broken that i almost apologized . 
 no . 
 i stood up straighter . 
 i 'm better than this . 
 i deserve someone who wants to take care of me . 
 someone like owen . 
 just because i felt bad for michael and his situations did n't mean i had to fix them . 
 lord knew i had tried enough times , and yet he was still having the same exact problems . 
 they were n't problems i could fix . 
 `` michael , things are always bad for you . 
 you 've got to fix it yourself this time . 
 i have patients to see . 
 goodbye , michael . 
 please do n't come back . 
 ever . '' 
 i turned quickly and headed back toward the er . 
 i knew if i turned around and saw his face , i might change my mind . 
 he knew exactly how to look at me to make me cave , and i did n't want to see it . 
 i hurried quickly through the er doors and back into the safety of the nurse 's station . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 allie asked as i leaned against one of the walls . 
 `` you look a little pale . '' 
 `` i just told michael that i 'm tired of taking care of him and that i do n't want to see him again , '' i said weakly . 
 i pressed the palms of my hands against my eyes , shocked that i had actually said those things out loud to him . 
 allie snorted . 
 `` about time . '' 
 i dropped my hands and looked at her . 
 she crossed her arms in front of her chest , her blonde ponytail falling over her shoulder . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` kaylee , you are too nice sometimes . 
 especially to michael . 
 he 's no good for you . 
 since the two of you broke up , you 've been happier than i 've seen you in a long time . 
 and now , you said no to those puppy-dog eyes of his ? 
 i do n't know what they put in the water in the caribbean , but if it finally made you get rid of michael for good , i hope you brought home buckets of it . '' 
 it was n't exactly the water , i thought to myself . 
 `` thanks allie . '' 
 i took a deep breath and smiled . 
 she was right . 
 it was like i had taken a weight off my shoulders that i had never even known i was carrying . 
 `` do n't mention it . 
 now , since you 're back and in the mood to tell people off , dr. james is on hold for your patient in room three . '' 
 she winked and headed back out toward one of the blinking call-lights . 
 i sighed and tried to summon up some more of the same fire i had a moment ago . 
 instead , the only thing i could summon up was the image of owen smiling . 
 chapter 11 i rolled over in bed , listening to the hum of the heater . 
 it was too cold to want to wake up . 
 i smiled as i pulled the covers back up over my head . 
 since it was my day off , i did n't have to get up at all ! 
 winter was giving its last parting shots at spring , and these would be the last few cold days before warmer weather hung around for good . 
 i snuggled deeper into my blankets , replaying my last phone conversation with owen . 
 *** `` are you free friday ? '' 
 owen 's voice crackled a little over the long distance connection . 
 i knew he could n't see me through the phone , but i nodded anyway . 
 `` it 's my day off . 
 why ? 
 you want to do something ? '' 
 i hoped i did n't sound too eager . 
 `` i was thinking i would take you out on a real date . 
 not just chinese food in the back of a limo . '' 
 i could hear the smile in his voice as he remembered exactly what we did in the back of that limo . 
 `` i do n't know , i kind of liked chinese food in the back of the limo . '' 
 i stopped myself as i started twirling my hair between my fingers . 
 i could n't help the giddy happiness that bubbled up inside of me at the thought of seeing him again . 
 `` do n't plan anything on friday , then . 
 i 'm taking you out . 
 i want to spoil you . '' 
 *** the idea that i would see him tonight , that it would be for a real date night , brought a smile to my face . 
 i was planning on taking a hot shower to shave my legs and everything . 
 maybe i 'll even go shopping for a new dress , i thought . 
 i stretched out under the pile of blankets on my bed , debating whether i really even wanted to get out of my very comfy bed at all . 
 maybe owen could just join me here . 
 the buzzer to my apartment building decided that staying in bed was not an option . 
 with a groan , i rolled out of my warm bed , fuzzy socks gliding across the wood floors as i went to the intercom by the door . 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 i was expecting that the voice on the other end would be a delivery guy or the neighbor that continuously locked herself out of the building . 
 `` mr. owen parker sent me to come get you , ma'am . 
 i have the car ready for you , '' answered a light masculine voice . 
 i glanced down at my pajamas , and hit the talk button . 
 `` mr. parker sent you ? 
 i 'm not really ready . '' 
 i was pretty sure my hair looked like a tornado had whipped across my pillow , and i had n't even had my coffee yet . 
 `` i can wait , ma'am . 
 i was told to tell you to just wear something comfortable and to come as you are . '' 
 the intercom crackled and i chewed my lip . 
 `` i 'll be down in a minute , '' i said into the speaker , and then hurried to find a pair of jeans . 
 if owen was going to have someone come get me first thing in the morning , then there was no way i was going to look my best . 
 i did run a brush through my hair and swish some mouthwash before grabbing my purse and heading down . 
 parked in front of my apartment building was a dark blue town-car with some sort of leaping creature as the hood ornament . 
 i did n't know what kind of car it was , but i knew it was probably very expensive . 
 as i opened the main entrance security door , i noticed the man standing in the entryway . 
 he was a young and handsome in a crisp blue uniform . 
 `` ms. larue ? 
 if you 'll follow me , '' he said courteously , leading me to the town-car . 
 he opened the door and i slid across the heated leather seats . 
 the car had that new car smell , and it was far nicer than any car i had ever been in . 
 the man hopped in the driver 's seat , and pulled out onto the road heading downtown . 
 `` where are you taking me ? 
 is owen here already ? '' 
 `` mr. parker will be here this evening . 
 until then , he has arranged the day for you . 
 everything has been taken care of , and he would like you to enjoy yourself . '' 
 the driver grinned at me as he turned on one of the side streets of downtown des moines and parked in front of a cute little brick building that housed the best spa in town . 
 he ran around and opened my door , lending me a hand to step onto the street . 
 `` here we are , ma'am . 
 have a wonderful time . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i said , and he smiled as he jumped back in the car . 
 it seemed a waste to have such a nice car hired for the five minute drive , but then again , owen could afford it . 
 the engine purred as the driver pulled away and i hurried out of the cold and into the warm building . 
 the door chimed softly as i stepped inside , my cheeks rosy . 
 soft classical music played overhead over the sound of the waterfall fountain in the corner . 
 i had looked through the brochure for this place before , but i had never stepped inside . 
 i had thought many a time of getting a massage here , but i could never seem to justify spending the money on myself . 
 `` kaylee ! 
 we thought you were going to sleep all day , '' marissa shouted at me from across the room . 
 typical , boisterous marissa . 
 she sounded so loud in contrast with the quiet tranquility of the spa . 
 i turned to see her and allie sitting in white terrycloth robes sipping tea in comfortable looking chairs . 
 `` what are you two doing here ? '' 
 i asked , slightly confused as to why my two best friends would be sitting in a spa at eight in the morning waiting for me . 
 `` your new beau said you were getting pampered today and that we were invited to keep you company . '' 
 marissa grinned . 
 `` yup . 
 he called and made sure we would come keep you entertained for the day until he got here . 
 is this the guy i saw give you flowers in the ambulance bay the other night ? 
 he 's hot , '' allie chimed in . 
 `` and apparently loaded , '' marissa added , gesturing to the room . 
 she pushed a tendril of fiery red hair behind her ear and gave me a wicked grin . 
 `` he got a brother ? 
 i mean , i 'd go for this owen guy directly , but he seems pretty smitten with you . 
 plus , i like you too much to do that . '' 
 `` sorry , just a sister . '' 
 i stood there looking at my friends , wondering just how owen had known to invite these two women . 
 emma must have helped . 
 `` how long have you two been here ? '' 
 `` just long enough to put on these awesome robes . 
 it 's so soft , go gets yours quick . 
 the massage lady is just getting the stones and the mud bath heated . '' 
 marissa leaned back and put her feet up on a stool . 
 allie pointed to a cute little door off to the side where i could put my things and change . 
 `` he rented out the whole place just for the three of us , so do n't worry about taking up too much room . 
 marissa here used four cubbies , '' allie said . 
 she and marissa had a cubbie battle going on at work , so it was no surprise that she would pick up on marissa 's tendency of using multiple cubbies . 
 marissa rolled her eyes . 
 `` and why not ? '' 
 i left the two of them to banter back and forth about how many cubbies a person should reasonably use to store their things and stepped into the room to change . 
 i could see marissa had used the cubbies to organize her shoes , clothes , and purse , while allie had neatly stowed all her things in a single spot . 
 i shook my head , wondering how the three of us ever stayed friends , considering how different we all were . 
 but perhaps it was because we were so different that we got along so well . 
 when i stepped out of the changing room , the massage therapist was waiting for me with a smile . 
 she took the three of us back to a quiet room with three tables set up and instructed us each to lie down and relax . 
 allie giggled and hopped up on a table , marissa and i right behind her . 
 as the three of us slipped under warmed sheets , i grinned . 
 this was going to be a fabulous day . 
 chapter 12 `` there you go , honey , all done . '' 
 i turned my head from side to side in the mirror , barely recognizing myself . 
 marissa wolf-whistled and allie clapped . 
 the hairdresser had piled my hair up on my head in such a way that it looked as though cascades of dark curls would fall endlessly down my back . 
 i did n't even know how she made it look like my hair was that full and thick , but it was beautiful . 
 my makeup was perfect , and it all accented the little black dress owen had left at the spa for me to wear . 
 marissa had drooled as she looked at the designer label and threatened to steal it when i was n't looking . 
 i felt like cinderella . 
 `` if you 're cinderella , what does that make us ? 
 the ugly stepsisters ? '' 
 allie asked , sipping on a cup of tea . 
 i had n't realized i had said anything out loud . 
 `` yeah , and we do n't even get to go the ball tonight ! '' 
 marissa added with a laugh . 
 i blushed slightly , flustered . 
 `` oh , hey , speaking of which , here comes prince charming now , '' allie announced , looking out the window to the street . 
 i looked in the mirror just in time to see owen sauntering up to the glass door . 
 he was wearing a casual gray suit and looked hot enough to start a fire . 
 he looked so hot , i was surprised that there was n't smoke drifting off of his footsteps . 
 he opened the door and glanced around until he saw me . 
 his jaw dropped a little , and even in the reflection of the mirror , i could see his pupils dilate as i stood up to greet him . 
 i had n't gotten a reaction quite like that in a while . 
 it made me feel all tingly and special . 
 `` you look spectacular , '' he whispered , leaning forward to kiss my cheek gently , careful not to mess up my makeup . 
 `` not that you do n't usually look amazing , but ... wow . '' 
 i laughed , glad to see him a little flustered . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` well , ladies , thank you for keeping my date company today . 
 i think it 's time i stole her away , though , '' he said , managing to regain his composure as he turned toward allie and marissa . 
 `` thank you for the invite ! 
 we had a great time , '' allie answered quickly . 
 she grinned up at him . 
 `` you sure you do n't have a brother ? 
 maybe a cousin , even ? '' 
 marissa asked . 
 owen laughed . 
 i was glad he was able to take her in stride . 
 i loved marissa , but she could be a bit much at first . 
 `` you two have a great time . 
 and remember to tell us all the good parts at work on sunday , '' marissa said with a wink . 
 i could feel myself blush , but owen just took my arm in his and grinned at her . 
 `` i do n't know if she 'll have time to tell you all the good parts . 
 your shift is only twelve hours long after all . '' 
 he winked at her and she lit up in a smile . 
 `` i think you 've got a keeper , kaylee . 
 though , owen , if it does n't work out ... '' marissa gave him a naughty smirk . 
 `` then i 'll give allie a call , '' he replied with a straight face . 
 allie snorted . 
 he turned to me , his smile crinkling the corners of his eyes . 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 i nodded , and my friends waved goodbye as we stepped out the door . 
 a limo pulled up to the curb as we stepped onto the sidewalk , and the driver hopped out to open the door . 
 owen let me slide in first , following closely behind me . 
 the interior was warm and had romantic lighting . 
 `` so where are we going ? '' 
 i asked , excitement thrumming in my voice . 
 this close to him , i could smell the soft scent of his cologne and his leg was warm against mine . 
 `` you 'll see . 
 i want it to be a surprise . 
 it 's not far , '' he murmured as he leaned forward and kissed my cheek again . 
 the limo began to move . 
 it went about three blocks before it stopped again and the driver appeared at the door . 
 i wondered just how many miles i was going to end up going in fancy cars today . 
 i was guessing around three . 
 i stepped into the darkening evening , the cold air rushing up against my bare shoulders . 
 we were in front of the des moines botanical gardens , the big glass dome glowing slightly from an inner light . 
 owen stepped out of the car and immediately shrugged out of his jacket and draped it across my shoulders without even waiting for me to get cold . 
 it was warm and smelled like his cologne . 
 i took a deep breath , my insides going tingly at being wrapped in his scent . 
 he grabbed my hand , his body heat seeping into my palm , and pulled me toward the entrance . 
 he led me into the big dome housing all the tropical plants . 
 i loved to come here during the winter to take a break from the gray iowa cold and to be surrounded by heat and tropical flowers . 
 it was usually busy as everyone else in iowa typically had the same idea , but tonight , we had the place to ourselves . 
 by the waterfall in the center of the garden , a thick blanket was spread out along the floor with a full picnic dinner . 
 soft lighting gave the entire area a moonlit glow , the gurgling sounds of the waterfall filling the humid air . 
 a small arrangement of plumeria flowers sat in the center of the blanket . 
 `` this is amazing ... how did you do this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i had never heard of anyone renting the space for a private picnic . 
 he shrugged and smiled . 
 `` it was n't hard . 
 here , come and have some dinner . '' 
 the blanket felt soft as i knelt down on the ground , settling my skirt modestly . 
 owen sat down smoothly next to me , our hands close enough to touch if we wanted them to . 
 owen pulled four large mugs from the basket , followed by a big red thermos and then handed me a plate wrapped in tinfoil to open . 
 he unscrewed the thermos and poured a steaming delicious red tomato soup into two of the cups , while i unwrapped the tinfoil . 
 inside were perfect grilled cheese triangles . 
 as i looked at them , i realized that they were n't just plain grilled cheese , but stuffed with bacon , avocado , and at least two different kinds of cheese . 
 `` emma told you grilled cheese and tomato soup is my favorite , did n't she ? '' 
 i asked with a grin . 
 he stole a sheepish grin in my direction , as if he had been caught with his hand in the cookie jar . 
 `` i really wanted you to like it . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 `` i love it . '' 
 i loved that he was trying so hard to make me happy . 
 it was incredibly endearing . 
 owen grinned and pulled out a second thermos , this one in blue . 
 he opened it and carefully poured a dark liquid into the remaining empty cups . 
 the smell of rich hot chocolate made me smile , especially when he pulled out a can of pringles potato chips . 
 `` this i remembered on my own , '' he said with a small smile as he handed me the can . 
 i smiled widely and popped the top , dunking a chip into my hot chocolate . 
 owen laughed at my enthusiasm and grabbed a chip for himself . 
 he dipped it carefully , and stuck it in his mouth . 
 a strange look came over his face . 
 `` this is seriously your favorite food ? '' 
 he said around pieces of the chip still in his mouth . 
 i nodded and dipped another . 
 he swallowed and looked at me as though i might be a little crazy . 
 `` you do n't like it , do you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he shook his head from side to side . 
 `` it 's , well , '' he paused . 
 `` it 's disgusting . '' 
 `` you just have no taste in good food , '' i teased him . 
 he relaxed as he realized i was n't going to hold his dislike against him . 
 i knew that not everyone liked the sweet and salty combo . 
 `` right . 
 i 'll go tell that to the french chef that cooks for me , '' he teased back . 
 `` you have a french chef ? '' 
 he nodded like it was the most common thing in the world . 
 he reached for a sandwich and bit into it carefully . 
 when i was just talking with him , it was easy to forget that he was worth almost a billion dollars . 
 `` you 'd like him . 
 i do n't know if he would appreciate the fine dining of potato chips and chocolate though . '' 
 `` i saw chocolate covered pringles in a store once . 
 they were sold as a delicacy , so i 'm pretty sure you just have wacky taste buds . '' 
 i reached for a sandwich and dipped it in the tomato soup . 
 it was a little slice of heaven , the cheese blending perfectly with the soup and accented by bacon . 
 `` i think i will never eat a plain grilled cheese again . 
 this is amazing . '' 
 owen grinned and reached for a second sandwich . 
 `` i thought you might like it . 
 i had it this way in college , and i never looked back . '' 
 `` i definitely like this version . 
 thank you . 
 this whole day has been fantastic . '' 
 `` you are most welcome . 
 you look amazing , by the way . '' 
 he set his hand on mine , sending a thrill through me . 
 i blushed , but i did n't pull my hand away . 
 in fact , i tipped my chin up and leaned forward , pressing my lips against his . 
 he tasted like grilled cheese , but i did n't care . 
 he was delicious . 
 owen 's hand went to the back of my head , his fingers tangling in my perfect curls as he pulled me closer . 
 his tongue searched for mine , our mouths opening to find one another . 
 he lowered his lips , his teeth grazing the tender skin of my jaw , sending heat surging through my belly . 
 `` do you have to catch a flight tonight ? '' 
 i whispered , remembering the limo . 
 i was giving serious contemplation to just taking him there on the blanket in the middle of the lush tropical garden , but having a bed would be better . 
 he chuckled , the sound throaty and deep . 
 `` no , no flight this time . '' 
 i looked up at him , biting my bottom lip with desire and just a touch of nerves . 
 `` you want to come back to my place ? '' 
 he kissed me again , taking my breath away . 
 it was okay though , because when i was with him , i did n't need to breathe . 
 `` we could do that . 
 or , i got us a hotel room . '' 
 `` so you thought you were going to get lucky tonight , huh ? '' 
 i asked with a giggle , giving him a playful punch on the arm . 
 he traced a finger down the curve of my cheek , the touch light but seductive . 
 `` i suppose i should say i got myself a hotel room , but i made sure it would be big enough for two if you wanted to come visit . '' 
 his eyes sparkled with amusement . 
 `` well , a hotel room would be nicer than my apartment . 
 i did n't really clean this morning , so there would be dirty laundry all over the floor . '' 
 `` then perhaps we should put laundry all over the floor of the hotel room to make you feel more more at home , '' he whispered , leaning forward and kissing the curve where my jaw met my neck . 
 i shivered with anticipation . 
 owen stood up in one fluid motion , holding out his hand to help me up . 
 once i was on my feet , he pulled me into him , stealing a kiss . 
 it was full of want , need , and pure desire . 
 i could n't have said no if i wanted to , though i really just wanted to scream yes . 
 we were back out to the limo in less than a minute , the driver waiting patiently at the door with the car . 
 it was only a three minute drive to the downtown hotel , but i found myself unable to keep my fingers from unbuttoning his shirt . 
 as he pushed my hands away , i looked up at him . 
 `` sorry , they have a mind of their own , tonight . '' 
 when finally my fingers came to rest , they were on his tie . 
 i contented myself with using it to pull him into me , kissing him with all my might until we got to the hotel room . 
 we bounded through the ornate lobby to a series of bronzed elevators that sent us whirring to the top floor . 
 owen was , of course , staying in the penthouse suite , but i barely looked at it as we stumbled into the bedroom . 
 owen growled something , but i was too busy stripping to understand his words . 
 i understood his meaning though . 
 he was already hard , the bulge in his pants displaying exactly how much he wanted me . 
 he kissed me , pushing me onto the bed . 
 `` i want you so bad , kaylee . 
 you 're the only thing i could think about all week . '' 
 his voice was low and full of power . 
 he was a man who could have anything he wanted , and he wanted me . 
 i shivered with anticipation , biting his lower lip as he tasted me . 
 i felt my eyes roll to the back of my head as he began our night of pleasure , the bedsheets tangling around us as we writhed in ecstasy . 
 chapter 13 three weeks later , after three more amazing dates , i was pretty sure i was in love . 
 owen parker had successfully stolen my heart . 
 we had n't said anything yet , but i could n't stop thinking about him . 
 i looked forward to his phone calls , texts , and emails more than i looked forward to my days off . 
 we both wished we could have more time together , but with our crazy schedules and workloads , we were lucky to manage that many . 
 i knew he had worked magic in order to make it out to iowa as many times as he had . 
 he took me to the symphony with a stop to a seafood restaurant for our first date , and the second was for ice cream and a movie , in which he rented the entire theater . 
 the third date had been my favorite so far after the botanical gardens ; he arranged a special backstage tour of the des moines zoo . 
 watching him feed the penguins had kept me laughing for hours . 
 every one of the dates ended back in the penthouse suite , the two of us tangled up in the sheets . 
 it was n't all happy though . 
 while just thinking about him put a happy smile on my face and quickened my pulse , i was n't sure what was going to happen next . 
 we got along famously , but that was easy since we only saw each other once a week . 
 the sex was fantastic , and i was falling hard for him , loving our dates and phone calls , but i was beginning to wonder if it would be enough . 
 as much fun as we were both having , i could n't see us continuing on like this for much longer . 
 i did n't want this to end , but i did n't know how we could possibly keep our schedules and the distance from breaking us apart . 
 i glanced around my bedroom , mentally making sure i had everything . 
 owen was coming to visit , and i had packed a small bag of clothes and a toothbrush , actually planning ahead for once . 
 i was tired of using my finger and his toothpaste to brush my teeth and having nothing clean to wear home . 
 this time , i was going to be prepared for a stay at a hotel . 
 i was n't sure what adventure we were going to have on this trip , but i was prepared for anything . 
 my door buzzed , and i hurried downstairs , bag in hand . 
 owen was waiting patiently by the front door , leaning against the wall with his eyes closed . 
 he smiled as soon as he heard the door open , and i hurried out to give him a kiss . 
 he looked exhausted . 
 his normally crisp dress shirt was wrinkled under his jacket , and he needed to shave . 
 i looked closer and could see that his eyes were bloodshot , his lips and skin pale . 
 i hoped he was n't getting sick . 
 `` are you feeling okay ? '' 
 i asked as he took my hand and we walked to his car . 
 he no longer had us chauffeured around , instead preferring to drive us himself in a fancy sports car . 
 today 's version was an aston martin . 
 `` i 'm just tired , '' he said with a sigh . 
 `` the flights were miserable getting out here and we kept getting delayed by weather . 
 i know it 's almost dinner time here , but my internal clock thinks it 's closer to seven in the morning , and i 've been up all night . 
 i 'm afraid i 'm not going to be the best date tonight . '' 
 `` then how about we just have a quiet night in ? 
 we can lay in bed , eat pizza , maybe rent a movie ? 
 you can fall asleep , and we can just relax , '' i offered . 
 he opened the car door for me to slide in , and he kissed me softly once i was seated . 
 `` you 're the best . 
 that sounds fantastic . '' 
 it was a short drive to the hotel , and the staff recognized us as we made our way up the shiny elevators to his suite . 
 i had offered to put him up at my place , but we both enjoyed room service too much to actually leave . 
 i set my toothbrush up in the bathroom , liking the way it looked next to owen 's . 
 i sighed , though , seeing his travel kit sitting on the counter . 
 was it always going to be this way ? 
 just one-night stays in hotels with days or even weeks in between visits ? 
 owen had a long trip coming up , and i had barely managed to trade my shift to get the time off to see him this time . 
 working in a hospital meant that i had to work weekends and holidays , and owen 's travel schedule mandated that he leave for weeks at a time . 
 his next trip was expected to take him out of the country to dubai for at least three full weeks . 
 i came out of the bathroom to find owen spread-eagle on the bed and snoring . 
 he had n't even managed to take off his shoes , their laces undone but still on his feet . 
 i quietly tiptoed over and took his shoes off the rest of the way , then slid his pants off and unbuttoned his dress shirt . 
 i pulled the sheets up to his chin , and he smiled in his sleep and snuggled into the soft material , drifting further into dreamland . 
 i slipped out of my clothes and into the silky nightgown i had brought , sliding under the sheets next to owen . 
 he mumbled something as he curled up on his side , his breathing deepening . 
 i glanced at my watch-six-thirty . 
 my stomach grumbled and i glanced over at owen . 
 it was looking like this was going to be a very quiet date night indeed . 
 i pulled out my phone and dialed for pizza , ordering a large hawaiian style and a large pepperoni , then turning on the tv with subtitles and the volume all the way down . 
 at least i could catch up on my tv . 
 thirty minutes later , just as a new episode of some dancing show was starting , the pizza arrived . 
 the scrawny pizza delivery boy eyed me in my sexy nighty , and i tried not to blush as i handed him the twenty dollar bill , then ducked back into the room . 
 just as i sat down to eat my pineapple and bacon deliciousness , my phone started to ring . 
 i glanced at the caller id and inwardly groaned . 
 work . 
 `` this is kaylee , '' i said softly , walking quickly to the bathroom so i would n't wake owen . 
 the door clicked gently behind me as my boss started begging . 
 `` kaylee , we are short-staffed , and i need you to come in . 
 that stomach bug is going around , and i 've had four people call in sick for tonight 's shift . 
 when can you get here ? '' 
 `` i 'm not coming in tonight . 
 i 'm sorry , but i have plans tonight , '' i told her . 
 i knew she was n't going to let me out of it that easily , though . 
 `` please , kaylee , we 're swamped . 
 it 'll be time and a half , and you only have to stay as long as we 're busy , '' she pleaded into the phone . 
 i knew that while i would get the extra pay , we would stay busy all night , especially if as many people had called in sick as she said . 
 i could feel a guilt trip starting . 
 `` no , i 'm not coming in . 
 find someone else tonight . 
 liz is always looking to pick up shifts , try her , '' i told her getting ready to hang up . 
 `` i did , and she 's sick too . 
 please , kaylee , i 'm desperate . '' 
 i wavered for a moment . 
 owen was fast asleep and not likely to wake up at all this evening . 
 i was just watching bad tv and eating pizza ; maybe i could help them out , at least for a couple hours . 
 i bit my tongue as the habit to take as many shifts as possible tried to make me say yes . 
 i was supposed to be with owen tonight . 
 i heard the bed creak in the other room , and i forced the `` yes '' creeping up my throat back down . 
 he had flown out to see me , not to have me run off to work while he slept . 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 i tried my best to make it sound final . 
 `` kaylee , please . 
 at least just see if you can come in for a couple hours , '' my boss implored into the phone . 
 i felt bad , especially since all i was doing was watching him sleep . 
 i knew my coworkers would be struggling with the short staff , and i hated to leave them in the lurch . 
 i could feel my loyalties straddling a fence , and i hated it . 
 i was going to feel guilty no matter what decision i made . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i 'm sorry , '' i said quickly and hung up the phone . 
 i knew she was going to call me back eventually , but for the moment i was safe . 
 i set the phone down and turned on the sink , splashing some cold water on my face . 
 i hated feeling like i was letting someone down . 
 i dried my face and stepped out to the main room to find owen sitting up in the bed . 
 he had dark circles under his eyes , but he was awake and looking at me . 
 `` i flew out here to be with you , '' he said softly . 
 i frowned , confused . 
 i seemed to remember telling my boss no . 
 `` that 's why i told them no . '' 
 `` you took an awful long time to do it . '' 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 i asked , surprised at his tone . 
 he must still be half-asleep and cranky , but i did n't like where he was heading . 
 `` i flew over twelve hours to get here , but you gave serious thought to going to work . '' 
 a touch of anger entered his voice . 
 i took a deep breath , reminding myself that he had been up all night . 
 `` i did think about it . 
 i thought about going in and helping my coworkers , people who i consider my friends , while you were busy sleeping . 
 i did n't though . 
 i 'm staying here . '' 
 i moved to the foot of the bed in order to see him better . 
 the tv cast a strange bluish glow on his skin , his hair poking up in an unruly pattern . 
 he looked like he could fall over and go straight back asleep at any moment , except for the frown on his face keeping him awake . 
 `` i do n't appreciate that you even considered it , '' he said quietly . 
 `` you mean you 're mad that i considered doing something while you were sleeping ? '' 
 i crossed my arms and frowned at him . 
 he ran a hand through his hair , the tv light casting a strange assortment of shadows . 
 `` i do n't get to see you very often , and i 'm leaving on a long trip . 
 i did n't think you would run off in the middle of the night . '' 
 his voice was quiet , like the calm before a thunderstorm . 
 `` so i ca n't leave to go to my job for three hours , but you can leave for three weeks for yours . '' 
 the words were out of my mouth before i could stop them . 
 owen 's eyes went wide and then narrowed . 
 `` that 's not fair . 
 my job is about the travel . 
 i do n't have a choice . 
 i flew three extra hours just to get here , to see you . 
 but you go do your oh-so-important extra shift , and i 'll just sit here by myself . 
 if i had known that you did n't want to stay with me tonight , i would have just stayed in new york . '' 
 `` hey , i 'm not going in to work ! 
 how many times do i have to tell you that i told them no ? '' 
 i could hear my voice rising with every word , a hot anger beginning to boil in my stomach . 
 owen 's shoulders sagged and weariness weighed on his body . 
 `` i 'm sorry , kaylee . 
 i 'm just exhausted , and i hate that i 'm sleeping through our date night . 
 this is n't what i had planned . '' 
 i sat gingerly on the edge of the bed , a hollow dread replacing the anger i felt . 
 `` is it always going to be like this ? 
 just random meetings in hotel rooms where we both are fighting with our schedules ? '' 
 owen stared at the sheets in his lap , his brow furrowed . 
 `` i do n't know , but i do n't like how hard it is right now . 
 i hate that i 'm not going to see you for three weeks , and then who knows when we 'll have more than a day together again . '' 
 i bit my lip and tried not to focus on the thick feeling growing in the back of my throat . 
 i played with the cuticle on my thumb , the words coming out slow . 
 `` this is n't going to work between us , is it ? '' 
 owen did n't answer . 
 his hair was across his eyes , obscuring his face , but his silence was all i needed to know the answer . 
 our worlds had collided , but they were n't meant to stay that way . 
 despite the feelings i had for him , our lives were just too different and too far apart for us to be together . 
 sure , we could keep trying , but at what cost ? 
 eventually his traveling and my hospital schedule would just be too much to fight against and it would blow up in our faces . 
 better to end it now , when it would n't hurt quite so much . 
 i knew the lie as soon as i thought it . 
 it would hurt more than anything . 
 `` i 'll get my things , '' i said quietly , standing from the bed . 
 his hand shot out and grabbed mine , keeping me near him . 
 `` no , kaylee . 
 do n't go . 
 do n't ever go . '' 
 his voice was soft in the darkness . 
 i realized i was trembling . 
 `` owen ... '' `` i love you , kaylee . '' 
 he said it simply , his voice soft . 
 i felt my heart forget to beat . 
 it no longer needed to . 
 it did n't beat for me anymore anyway ; it beat for owen . 
 `` i love you too , owen . '' 
 the words flowed out easily , my heart overjoyed . 
 they were truer than anything i had ever said in my life . 
 i really did love him . 
 `` come with me . '' 
 `` what ? 
 what do you mean ? '' 
 i sat back down . 
 owen 's eyes were bright , a smile beginning to form around the edges of his mouth . 
 `` come with me on this business trip . '' 
 `` i ca n't . 
 you know i ca n't , '' i said , shaking my head . 
 `` why ? '' 
 his eyes searched mine . 
 `` money ? 
 not a problem . 
 work ? 
 you can get the time off . 
 come travel with me . 
 i 'll even talk to your boss . 
 i 'm sure you can get the time off if i made a sizable donation to the hospital . '' 
 fear lurched in my stomach . 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 he peered at me , his eyes hopeful . 
 `` why , kaylee ? '' 
 i picked furiously at the cuticle on my thumb . 
 if i kept this up it would bleed , but i did n't care . 
 i took a shaky breath , embarrassed and afraid to tell him . 
 `` i hate flying . 
 and i 'm not good in strange places . '' 
 `` you flew to emma 's wedding , '' he said encouragingly . 
 `` because it was her wedding . 
 you do n't even want to know what it took to get me through the flight . '' 
 that hot sticky feeling was growing in the back of my throat and i swallowed hard . 
 i did n't want to cry . 
 `` we can work around that . 
 at least think about it . 
 we could be together this way . '' 
 i could hear the excitement in his voice , and i wanted to feel it too . 
 i wanted to be with him . 
 i just did n't want to leave iowa to do it . 
 i nodded , though . 
 `` i 'll think about it . '' 
 thunder rumbled , and i heard a splash of rain hit the window as a storm rolled in . 
 owen grinned at me , hope and excitement radiating from him . 
 i knew i was n't going to really have to think about it . 
 for the chance to be with owen , for the chance to make this relationship work , i would get on a plane . 
 i 'd become a flipping flight attendant if it meant i could be with owen . 
 `` i 'll try it . 
 but you 're going to have to have some serious alcohol on the flight . '' 
 owen 's face lit up the room , and he pulled me into the bed with him . 
 as he kissed me , i knew i could do this . 
 as much as i hated flying and traveling , i would give it a chance for owen . 
 for this . 
 rain hit the window harder as owen kissed me . 
 i could do this . 
 i could do anything if i was with owen . 
 he wrapped his arms around me , the heat of his skin comforting as we nestled back into the sheets . 
 he was back asleep in minutes , his breathing deep and even . 
 thunder rattled the windows , but he did n't stir as the rain pounded against the glass outside . 
 it was as if the rain was washing away my worries , bringing change and something new . 
 chapter 14 i took a deep breath and closed my eyes . 
 i could do this . 
 owen squeezed my hand reassuringly , and i gave him a nervous smile . 
 the plane moved forward and my hand clamped down on his . 
 i could do this . 
 when emma had told me that her wedding would be in the caribbean , i almost did n't go . 
 but she was my sister , so i had dutifully started working on overcoming my fear of flying . 
 i bought books , listened to ` get over your fear ' programs on tape , i even met with a hypnotherapist . 
 in the end , the only thing that had gotten me through that flight was a bottle of whiskey . 
 the plane began to speed up , the small private jet starting its sprint down the runway . 
 i could feel the plane star to vibrate , the hum of the engines drowning out all other noise . 
 i wanted to scream for it to stop , but i was determined to do this . 
 i held owen 's hand in a death grip . 
 i was pretty sure when we got off the plane that he was going to need x-rays and a cast . 
 that was , of course , if he even managed to have a hand left , on account of the way i was squeezing . 
 he just smiled at me and let me keep tightening my grip . 
 in deep , out slow . 
 in deep , out slow . 
 i was resolute not to use the little pills in my pocket . 
 i could do this . 
 just do n't concentrate on the plane . 
 it seemed as though the plane was getting smaller , and i could feel the miles of empty space increasing beneath me . 
 it was such a long , long way down . 
 `` just think of it like being in a car , '' owen said , leaning over to kiss my cheek . 
 he leaned back in his leather seat , looking far too at ease for being suspended in a tin can a mile above the ground . 
 `` right . 
 a car . 
 just a really weird car , '' i said through gritted teeth . 
 my jaw was going to hurt tomorrow . 
 this was just a quick flight to new york . 
 we were leaving a little early so i could spend some time with emma in the city before we took the long flight to dubai . 
 i had no idea how i was going to survive . 
 `` something to drink ? '' 
 a stewardess asked , her blue uniform crisp and perfect . 
 i wondered if she liked her job . 
 i would n't have . 
 `` vodka , please . 
 a big shot of vodka , '' owen told her . 
 `` and an iced tea for me , please . '' 
 the stewardess smiled warmly and placed a hand on owen 's shoulder as she walked past . 
 i did n't even care . 
 if she brought me the vodka and we did n't die on this plane , she could kiss him . 
 she returned in a moment , a tall glass of tea for owen and a nice tumbler of clear liquid for me . 
 she even brought a little bottle of cranberry juice . 
 `` here you go . 
 let me know if you need anything else , '' she said , handing me the drinks . 
 i took a big gulp , feeling it burn down my esophagus . 
 i could do this , and a little liquid courage would help . 
 `` you 're doing great , '' owen said as he sipped on his iced tea . 
 i envied how he could look so relaxed on this flying death trap . 
 `` we 'll be there in two and a half hours . '' 
 `` right . 
 because that 's practically no time at all . '' 
 `` have another drink . '' 
 he kissed my cheek and turned on the tv across from us . 
 a castle and music i recognized instantly filled the screen . 
 `` and something to keep you entertained . '' 
 i could n't help but grin as the animated movie from my childhood started . 
 i sipped on my drink , feeling slightly more relaxed as i hummed along with the opening credits . 
 a bright side occurred to me about flying . 
 i could sing along with the movie , and the noise of the engines would drown out my lack of vocal abilities . 
 i could do this . 
 *** i peeked open an eye , the light sending a sliver of pain directly into my head . 
 i knew i should n't have had that second drink . 
 my stomach rolled , promising me that if i moved , whatever was left in it would come up . 
 as if there were anything even left in it after we landed . 
 `` hey , sleeping beauty , '' a soft female voice called to me . 
 i pouted , wanting to throw a pillow at the voice , but i knew the motion would just make everything hurt again . 
 `` here have some of this . '' 
 i felt a glass press up against my lips and i unhappily opened my mouth , letting a dribble of lemon flavored drink in . 
 if i could keep that down , i knew i would be a happier camper . 
 keyword being `` if . '' 
 `` where am i ? '' 
 i croaked . 
 my throat felt like fire . 
 i was never drinking again . 
 `` owen 's hotel room . 
 you have got to remember to eat before you drink next time , '' emma answered . 
 `` here , have another sip . '' 
 i sat up slowly and took the glass from her . 
 she looked far too perky and pleasant . 
 i gave her a dirty look as i took a bigger gulp of the drink . 
 it was at least making me feel more awake . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 i asked , glancing around the room . 
 i sat in the middle of a king-sized bed surrounded by puffy pillows . 
 the drapes were thankfully pulled shut , but i could imagine giant glass windows or a balcony behind them . 
 i would have liked it if my stomach did n't feel like a tiny alien might pop out of it at any second . 
 `` a little after ten in the morning . 
 though , that 's eastern time , so it 'll feel earlier for you . '' 
 `` why did you wake me up ? '' 
 i growled . 
 i just wanted to dive back under my sheets and never move again . 
 maybe i would bring some of this magic drink with me , though . 
 `` because , we have stuff to do today . 
 remember , we made plans ? '' 
 i groaned . 
 emma wanted to show me the city , and we were supposed to go out shopping in true new york style with rachel . 
 i silently cursed the flight attendant and her crisp uniform for bringing me the second tumbler of vodka . 
 `` get up . 
 you are n't that hung-over , '' emma said , nudging me gently . 
 `` yes , i am , '' i fired back . 
 she laughed and stood up from the bed . 
 `` drink that up . 
 i 'll start a shower for you and get some breakfast up here . 
 we are going to have fun today . '' 
 i groaned again and slumped back down into the pillows . 
 it was going to be a long day . 
 *** whatever drink emma had given me had worked miracles . 
 the shower definitely helped , and the toast she forced down my throat probably did something too . 
 by the time we were in the lobby , i only had a slight headache and thought my stomach should stay put for the rest of the day . 
 as we exited the elevator , a well-dressed woman in her mid-forties hurried over to meet us . 
 `` hi , rachel , sorry we 're late . 
 rough flight last night , '' emma greeted her . 
 `` no problem at all , '' rachel said with a smile . 
 `` it 's nice to see you again , kaylee . 
 if we 're ready , dean has the car just outside . '' 
 the three of us exited the hotel room , the sky heavy with an impending rainstorm . 
 waiting by the curb was a sleek suv with tinted windows . 
 rachel slid into the front seat , and emma and i took the back . 
 there was an unspoken tension between rachel and dean , but i could n't figure out if they were fighting love or just plain fighting . 
 `` kaylee , you remember dean ? '' 
 emma asked , gesturing toward the driver . 
 an athletic-looking man sat in the front seat , his dark hair peppered with gray . 
 he turned around and grinned , reaching a hand back to shake mine . 
 `` i 'm glad to see emma finally got you out of bed . 
 we have some shopping for you ladies to do , '' he said with a grin . 
 dean merged the car effortlessly out into the heavy new york traffic . 
 a thunderstorm warning for later in the day came across the radio , but dean turned it down and flipped on some light music . 
 i kept my nose pressed to the glass , trying to absorb the whole city from the car window . 
 before , i had been a little too wasted to notice just how big everything was on my way in . 
 the city buildings rose up , reaching past where i could see , monsters of gray stone and cement . 
 well-dressed people hurried back and forth on the busy streets , everyone doing their best to ignore everyone else . 
 it was so different from home . 
 i was glad i did n't have to drive , as cars ducked and weaved around us , dean managing to slide into spaces i never would have tried for . 
 i think there were more cars on this one street than there were in the whole city of des moines . 
 `` how do you live here , emma ? '' 
 i asked as we stopped for traffic . 
 the street looked like sales lot for used cars than a means of travel . 
 `` what ? 
 the traffic ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i guess i 've gotten used to it . 
 the city seemed so big and strange at first , but now , i kind of like it . '' 
 `` i do n't think i could ever get used to this . '' 
 the city was just too big and too busy for me . 
 give me my quiet midwestern city over this any day . 
 not that it was n't impressive , it just was n't something i wanted to live in . 
 dean navigated the suv down another street , merging through a sea of bright yellow taxi cabs to pull up in front of a stylish brick building . 
 a big glass window held mannequins in graceful poses , their clothes perfect and beautiful to the point where i thought they might come alive and coax us to buy their wares . 
 rachel led emma and me inside while dean waited with the car . 
 the store was quiet except for soft music playing overhead . 
 i wondered where all the customers were as rachel headed deeper into the shop . 
 she and emma both seemed to know where they were going so i followed , glancing at the beautiful items for sale . 
 a dark red purse caught my eye , and i stopped to pick it up . 
 it was a beautiful little creation , the leather a deep wine red . 
 i even recognized the designer label . 
 i looked at the price tag , knowing i had a little money saved up and could splurge on a purse , especially if i could say i got it in new york city . 
 $ 2,290.00 . 
 i did n't have that much to splurge . 
 i set it carefully back down and hurried to catch up with rachel and emma . 
 i found them in a private area , rachel deep in conversation with a saleswoman . 
 as i walked up , rachel turned and grinned . 
 `` i went ahead and picked some things out for you to try . 
 they 're in that dressing room there . '' 
 rachel pointed to one of the large changing rooms . 
 i smiled weakly . 
 if the clothes were half as expensive as the purse , there was no way i could even afford to be in the same room as the clearance rack . 
 emma must have read my mind , as she quickly added , `` do n't look at the price , kaylee . 
 this is my treat for you . 
 i never thought i would get you out to new york , so i 'm excited to spoil you a little . '' 
 i almost told her no . 
 i almost said that she should n't spend that kind of money . 
 then i remembered who she was married to , and the words died before they made it out of my mouth . 
 jack made enough money to buy that purse before he got out of bed in the morning . 
 i walked confidently into the changing room and slid on the first pair of pants . 
 they were a soft tan color and made of a light linen material . 
 i was shocked at how well they fit . 
 rachel was a great judge of size . 
 i turned in the mirror and was pleased with what i saw . 
 `` told you those would look good on her , '' emma said to rachel as i stepped out . 
 rachel nodded . 
 `` you are getting better . 
 soon , you 'll be dressing me ! '' 
 rachel said . 
 the two of them laughed before rachel stood to get a closer look at the pants . 
 `` those will be great for you in dubai , '' rachel said . 
 she came up and had me spin . 
 `` lightweight , but full length . 
 mr. parker suggested we pick some things up for you to wear on your trip . '' 
 i blushed a little . 
 i had no idea what to pack for two weeks in the middle east . 
 i almost brought only shorts and tank-tops for the desert heat before remembering that the local populace probably would prefer that i wore something a little less revealing . 
 my suitcase was sadly light as the majority of my clothes were scrubs from work . 
 `` go in and try on the purple shirt with those slacks , '' emma said . 
 she was practically bouncing in her seat . 
 i gave her a strange look . 
 `` since when did you get interested in clothes ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 when we were living in the same house , i never worried about her stealing my clothes because she just wore the same jeans and t-shirt every day . 
 she gave me a proud smile . 
 `` rachel 's been training me . 
 she 's actually managed to show me the error of my ways and teach me something that resembles a fashion sense . '' 
 rachel blushed . 
 `` you picked it up pretty quickly . 
 i 'll have you designing your own clothes any day now . '' 
 this time emma flushed . 
 `` no way . '' 
 `` i 'm going to have to agree with her , rachel . 
 you should have seen the scarf she tried to knit . 
 and the teddy bear she made in home economics . 
 well , i 'm not sure you could even properly call it a bear . '' 
 emma blushed almost purple . 
 `` it was n't pretty . 
 nightmarish things happen when i try to sew . '' 
 `` hmm , i guess that 's job security for me , '' rachel said with a chuckle . 
 i ducked into the changing room and threw on the purple shirt . 
 it was just a silk button-up blouse , but i could imagine it doing well in the desert heat . 
 i stepped out and did a little catwalk . 
 `` i like it , but not with those pants , '' rachel said with a laugh as i struck a model pose . 
 emma nodded . 
 `` maybe with a khaki skirt ? '' 
 emma 's face became thoughtful . 
 `` or the black slacks , '' rachel mused aloud . 
 i grinned . 
 it was fun letting them play dress-up with me . 
 the clothes were all so beautiful that i was having fun just trying them on . 
 knowing that they would make sure i was dressed perfectly made it easy to try on things that i would never pick out myself . 
 we went through mountains of clothes , loading the salesperson who came to check on us with piles of rejects . 
 she did n't mind , though , as the piles of things we were purchasing continued to grow . 
 i had clothes for my trip , and even a new dress to wear out while with owen that night . 
 when we finally walked out of the store , i did n't even want to look at the bill . 
 i had seen price tags of over two grand on some of the dresses that emma wanted to buy me , and the idea of seeing the final number higher than my yearly salary was just too intimidating . 
 i knew if i saw that , i would never wear them for fear of ruining them . 
 rachel grinned at me as we headed back out to the waiting car . 
 i could see why emma loved rachel . 
 the two of them , despite their age difference , got along famously . 
 `` you lovely ladies have a wonderful time and spend all of mr. saunders ' money ? '' 
 dean asked as we piled back into the suv . 
 `` every dime . 
 but kaylee is going to look fab-u-lous ! '' 
 emma said , rocking her shoulders and giving her hand a single wave . 
 rachel snorted , and dean just rolled his eyes as he pulled out into traffic . 
 i gave her a playful shove , but i could n't wait to show owen what we had bought . 
 chapter 15 i stood , anxiously waiting for owen in the lobby of the hotel where we were staying . 
 since he traveled on such a regular basis , he did n't bother keeping a house in the city and instead just rented the penthouse suite whenever he needed it . 
 he had told me to meet him in the lobby , and he would pick me up when he finished a meeting with jack to go over the details for his upcoming business trip . 
 he had told me he was taking me to a fancy french restaurant and to get dolled up . 
 i fussed with the straps on my dress , as much making sure that it was in place as giving my hands something to do . 
 rachel and emma had found me the perfect dress while we were out shopping , and then rachel arranged for someone to come to the hotel to do my hair and makeup for my date . 
 i chewed my lip , knowing that i was probably smearing my lipstick . 
 owen was only a few minutes late , but because of my dress , everyone who walked through the lobby stopped to look at me . 
 i looked like something off the red carpet at the oscars . 
 i wore a long , flowing gown of soft white fabric that fluttered when i walked . 
 it was cut in a grecian style , with a form fitting top and a skirt that cascaded beautifully to pool on the floor . 
 the dress was long enough that i was able to wear simple white ballet slippers , the skirt 's hem long enough that my feet were completely hidden . 
 my hair was slightly pulled back out of my face , but left loose down my back in soft waves . 
 emma lent me a simple diamond necklace and sparkling chandelier earrings to complete the look . 
 owen finally walked in through the front door , moving the crowd aside like he owned the place . 
 our eyes met across the lobby , and he moved toward me , slicing through the room as though it were empty . 
 his dark gray suit somehow made his eyes even bluer as he smiled at only me . 
 `` you look better every time you put on a dress , '' he said as soon as he reached me . 
 i kissed him gently , not wanting to leave a lipstick mark . 
 he took my hand and held me out as though we had just finished dancing , his eyes going up and down , appraising the dress . 
 he held my hand up over my head , coaxing me into a spin . 
 the fabric floated gracefully before settling again . 
 `` i think this is my favorite dress i 've seen you in . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i said , blushing to the roots of my hair . 
 `` you look pretty good yourself . '' 
 he grinned and did a model spin for me , finishing with a flamboyant hand on his hip . 
 even with his goofy antics , he looked hot . 
 the dark gray of the suit stood out against the white of a dress shirt , and a tie the exact color of his eyes pulled everything together . 
 the suit accented his broad shoulders and tapered waist , even showing off his perfect ass . 
 a camera flashed and i remembered that we were n't in our private hotel suite , but instead in the lobby of a very stylish and popular hotel . 
 a woman in a wide brimmed hat and oversized sunglasses looked at us with wide eyes . 
 `` are you two celebrities ? 
 i hear celebrities stay here , '' the woman babbled , her eyes excited as she held up her camera to take another picture . 
 `` no , we 're just normal people . '' 
 owen said as he smiled politely at the tourist . 
 she looked disappointed , and she turned to walk away . 
 i giggled , the idea of being mistaken for a celebrity amusing me . 
 no one at home would ever mistake me for a movie star . 
 owen carefully folded my hand into the crook of his arm , and escorted me out to a waiting car . 
 i had given up on trying to figure out what expensive model of car we were driving . 
 owen seemed to enjoy having a new fancy car at every opportunity . 
 he had told me he did n't actually own any of them , he just rented whatever he felt like when he needed one . 
 i had laughed at the idea that i actually owned more cars than a billionaire , since i actually did own a car , but then he pointed out that he owned a plane . 
 i told him planes did n't count as cars , so i still had more . 
 this one was a silver convertible . 
 it was early afternoon , and sunshine peeked through the clouds , casting a warm , dappled light across the city . 
 the weather was finally nice enough that a convertible sounded wonderful . 
 owen opened the door to the passenger side , his face going pale as i sat down . 
 `` i just realized your hair , and the car ... '' i laughed . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 there is enough hair spray on this to hold it through a hurricane . 
 besides , i think the windswept look is in right now . 
 i 'd rather drive with the top down and enjoy this weather than have the roof up . '' 
 his face brightened again , and he jumped into the driver 's seat . 
 with a roar of the engine , he pulled out onto the busy street , the wind blowing gently in my hair . 
 he drove through the city , pointing out different landmarks and places that he thought i might enjoy . 
 it was n't long before we reached a stylish white brick building with ivy crawling up toward the windows . 
 owen tossed the keys to a valet and hurried over to help me out . 
 i smoothed my hair from the drive , a little surprised at just how well it had held up . 
 it was surprisingly easy to maneuver out of the fancy sports car in my flowing dress , but i gladly accepted owen 's hand to help me stand . 
 any excuse to touch him was a good excuse . 
 inside the white building , we walked through the main room to a private dining area . 
 everything had a golden glow , as though the entire place was candlelit . 
 a string quartet played softly in the corner , their music soothing and the perfect volume for dinner conversation . 
 owen pulled an ornate chair out for me to get my legs situated under the heavy wooden table , and then helped to push me under once i was seated . 
 i glanced nervously at the array of utensils displayed before me . 
 i was used to a salad fork and regular fork at restaurants , but there were tiny forks , an extra spoon , and more glasses than i knew what to do with . 
 i was out of my league here . 
 the waiter placed my napkin on my lap and handed me a large leather-bound menu as owen ordered a bottle of wine . 
 i opened it up , wondering what culinary delights i would find inside . 
 instead , i stared at the pages , feeling foolish . 
 i could n't understand a word on the menu . 
 it was all in french , and despite my french last name , i could n't read a word . 
 owen peeked over his menu at me and caught my blank look . 
 he whispered softly , `` chicken , fish , or beef ? '' 
 `` fish . '' 
 `` do you mind if i order for you ? '' 
 i shook my head , grateful that i would n't have to choose between butchering the beautiful language or pointing to the menu in silent shame . 
 `` is there anything you do n't want to eat ? 
 are you all right trying escargot ? 
 it 's amazing here , '' owen asked . 
 i smiled , glad he was making sure i would enjoy what he ordered for me . 
 `` i 'll try anything . 
 escargot is snails , right ? 
 i 'll try it , but i have no idea how to actually eat it . '' 
 i gave him a brave smile , a touch of nerves hitting me . 
 this place was far fancier than anything i had ever even imagined possible . 
 back home , even the nicest places let people walk in and order wearing jeans and a t-shirt . 
 here , everyone was elegantly dressed in designer gowns and suits , and i had a feeling that jeans and a t-shirt would never even get to look at a menu . 
 when the waiter returned to fill up our wine glasses , owen ordered in perfect , or at least what sounded perfect to me , french . 
 the waiter nodded and took our menus , disappearing once again . 
 `` you speak french ? '' 
 i asked owen , impressed at learning of his talent . 
 he blushed a little . 
 `` only enough to sound like i know what i 'm doing when i order in a restaurant . 
 pierre , my chef , taught me a little . 
 i can swear decently in french , though , also thanks to pierre . '' 
 he gave me a little boy 's naughty grin and i could n't help but smile back . 
 `` what other languages do you speak ? '' 
 i sipped on my wine , wondering if i should raise my pinky in the air . 
 no , that was for tea ; it just did n't seem fancy enough to just drink the normal way in a place like this . 
 `` i am getting pretty good at arabic , and i can order cervezas like a pro in spanish . 
 but other than that , i just know key phrases . 
 you ? '' 
 `` i know some medical spanish , but i would n't say i 'm even close to fluent . 
 will i need to know arabic for our trip ? '' 
 owen smiled and shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 all these business dealings will be done in english . '' 
 i was about to ask more , but the waiter returned with two small round plates that he set in front of each of us . 
 six tan and white shells were presented like artwork , each in its own little hollow of the special plate and dressed in butter . 
 it smelled fantastic . 
 owen picked up a pair of tongs and a slender two pronged fork from the assortment of utensils before us . 
 i mimicked his motions as he grasped the shell with the tongs and used the fork to pull the meat out of the shell . 
 i hesitantly put the food in my mouth , unsure of what to expect . 
 it was delicious . 
 the snail reminded me slightly of an oyster , but with an earthy taste instead of salty . 
 the butter sauce was creamy and divine , giving the little piece of meat more flavor than i had been expecting for something so small . 
 `` you like it ? '' 
 owen asked , dipping a piece of bread into the butter sauce . 
 i nodded , going for a second shell . 
 the tongs slipped and the shell threatened to fly off the table , like the scene from pretty woman , but i caught it before it got too far . 
 `` slippery little suckers , '' i said , glancing around to make sure no one else had seen my scramble with the shell . 
 owen chuckled . 
 `` you 'll get better at it the more you eat them . '' 
 `` i know we are going to dubai , but what are we doing there ? 
 are you sure it will be okay for me to come ? '' 
 i half hoped he would tell me that i actually was n't coming and that i did n't have to get on another plane . 
 i half hoped that i could just rent a car and drive home , but that would mean i would n't be with owen . 
 `` yes , i 'm sure that it 's fine . 
 i would n't have asked you otherwise . 
 i know you had to take time off work for this , which i appreciate , so i 'm going to make sure you have a good time . 
 as far as what we are doing there , we will be wooing a sheik . '' 
 `` a sheik ? 
 like a prince ? '' 
 i sat up straighter at the table . 
 i never thought i would meet royalty . 
 the waiter came and whisked the empty escargot dishes away , placing a small bowl of sorbet in front of me . 
 i looked up at owen , confused as to why dessert was being served . 
 `` it 's a palate cleanser before the main course , '' he explained . 
 i nodded and took a taste . 
 sweet orange sorbet . 
 `` so a sheik , huh ? '' 
 the sorbet was gone in two bites . 
 i hoped dinner was coming soon , because despite the escargot and now the sorbet , i was still hungry . 
 `` yes . 
 sheik al-saffar owns a large portion of the oil fields in production currently . 
 he is thinking of partnering with jack 's company , due in part to jack 's marketing success . 
 my job is to convince him that , since i am the head of marketing , my team will sell his oil better than he can himself . '' 
 owen folded his hands neatly on the table in front of him as though he had just finished a business proposal . 
 i leaned back thoughtfully in my seat . 
 `` i have a feeling it 's more complicated than that , is n't it ? '' 
 `` you might have a future in this business , kaylee , '' he said , a grin breaking across his face . 
 `` nah , i 'm better suited to scrubs than suits . '' 
 the waiter returned , refilling our wine glasses and placing the main course on the table . 
 i almost did n't want to eat it because it was so pretty . 
 a small fillet of white fish sat perched on a bed of onion , fennel , and tomatoes with a sauce that i could only describe as heavenly . 
 small clams and shrimp dotted the plate , adding to the amazing sauce . 
 i had heard the word bouillabaisse when owen had ordered and was sure that was what the sauce was called . 
 i could die happy if i only ate that for the rest of my life . 
 owen smiled at my look of rapture as i tasted the food before he continued . 
 `` we are meeting with the sheik and his son to forge a personal relationship with them . 
 a lot of these business deals are built more on whom you like than what you can do . 
 most companies can offer similar services , but what they ca n't do is the relationship . 
 the sheik actually had an arrangement with one of our competitors , but he was n't getting what he wanted , so he has come to us . 
 we offer almost the exact same core services , but we are willing to give him that something extra he is looking for . '' 
 `` so , you are the sales pitch , then . 
 the relationship that he is looking for . 
 he wants someone he likes to sell his oil for him . '' 
 owen nodded , a smile spreading across his face . 
 `` you 're getting it . '' 
 we sat quietly for a moment , each of us enjoying our food . 
 owen gave me a bite of his beef bourguignon , and i shared my fish with him . 
 i was hungrier than i thought , because despite my best efforts , the fish was gone long before i was full . 
 `` earlier , you said , ` we are wooing ' . 
 do you mean me , or the company ? '' 
 `` you , actually . 
 you will be able to help me quite a bit with this . '' 
 my forehead crinkled as i tried to figure out how i would be able to help . 
 i was a medical professional , not a salesperson . 
 especially not an oil markets salesperson . 
 unless the sheik needed help controlling his cholesterol or fixing a broken leg , i could n't see what use i was going to be . 
 owen smiled at me , waiting for the waiter to serve the next part of our meal before answering . 
 a small plate of different kinds of cheese sat between us , waiting to be shared . 
 i tried them cautiously , but found their flavors were actually quite good . 
 `` i have been invited to dinner with the sheik and his son , and was told to bring a guest . 
 it is very common to discuss business matters over dinner , and as i am trying to forge a more personal relationship with him , this is the perfect opportunity to bring you along . 
 if it goes well , there will be more dinners . 
 more dinners means more opportunities to impress him . '' 
 owen watched my face carefully , gauging my reaction to his words . 
 `` i 'm not sure i 'm going to be very good at this , owen . 
 i 'm not good at selling things , '' i said softly . 
 `` i was the kid in elementary school whose parents ended up buying subscriptions to ten magazines and paying for entire boxes of candy bars because i could n't get anyone else to buy them . '' 
 `` kaylee , you are beautiful and smart . 
 you 're easy to talk to and you can carry a conversation . 
 you 're perfect for this . '' 
 owen reached out and touched my hand , his confidence in me surging through our skin . 
 i felt my cheeks redden at the compliments . 
 `` thank you . 
 i just do n't want to embarrass you . 
 or jack 's company . '' 
 `` you could never embarrass me , '' owen said softly , his eyes intent on mine . 
 i felt another blush sear through my cheeks . 
 the waiter returned and owen released my hand . 
 the empty cheese plate was taken away and replaced with dessert and cups of coffee . 
 a dark chocolate torte with a raspberry glaze for me and a deceptively simple peach tart for owen sat like presents before us . 
 i 'm pretty sure i died and went to heaven with the first bite , and then again with every bite after . 
 `` i 'll do my best with the sheik , but i ca n't make any promises , '' i told owen once the dessert was gone . 
 i seriously considered licking my plate but decided that i was in too nice of a place to do so . 
 `` i just want you to be you , kaylee . 
 i know you are going to be amazing , '' owen said , his voice full of trust . 
 i smiled and sipped on my coffee , a little nervous . 
 i did n't want to let him down . 
 `` if this all goes well , it would be really good for jack 's company , would n't it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 owen nodded . 
 `` it would be huge . 
 i mean , jack 's company is already successful , but this would increase our market share by another third . '' 
 i felt a pressure settle on my shoulders . 
 i knew that this was not my responsibility , but i wanted to make sure i helped owen as much as possible . 
 i was going to be the perfect dinner guest , even if i had to fake every word . 
 i was n't going to let owen down . 
 `` brandy or cognac , mademoiselle ? '' 
 i startled slightly at the waiter 's question , lost deep in my thoughts of being a good dinner guest . 
 `` cognac , please . '' 
 i glanced at owen and he hid a smile at my startle . 
 `` thinking much ? '' 
 he chided softly . 
 i stuck my tongue out at him before i remembered that we were at a very fancy restaurant . 
 `` just trying to figure out some witty banter for the sheik . '' 
 `` do n't think too hard . '' 
 owen sipped at his own cognac , the corners of his mouth twitching with amusement . 
 i wanted to stick my tongue out at him again , but i refrained this time . 
 barely . 
 `` i guess i just need someone to practice my witty banter with . 
 maybe i can get that waiter to come back , '' i teased , pretending to look around for the waiter . 
 owen chuckled softly ; i loved that noise . 
 it was a masculine laughter that suited him so well . 
 i could listen to him laugh like that all day . 
 chapter 16 `` you want to take a walk around the park ? '' 
 owen asked when we returned to the hotel . 
 i glanced up at the darkening sky , then out toward the trees . 
 green sprouts were just starting to form on the bare branches , in wait of spring showers to nourish them . 
 the sky was dark , but it still looked like we had some time before the rain would hit . 
 `` sure , '' i answered . 
 owen grinned , and grabbed my hand and the two of us practically skipped hand in hand into the park . 
 we found a path that meandered through the trees , the two of us just quietly taking it all in . 
 from the corner of my eye i could see his bodyguard shadowing us silently . 
 i ignored him , instead just focusing on being with owen . 
 i loved the way his hand felt in mine-strong and warm , protective and secure . 
 i loved the way he smelled like a clear spring in winter and the way he wrapped me up in his arms . 
 just thinking of being held in his arms made me squeeze his hand a little tighter , glad just to be with him . 
 a hotdog stand resided off the path , a bright yellow umbrella over a light brown cart . 
 the smell of cooking meat wafted through the air , and even though we had just finished a satisfying gourmet meal , my stomach rumbled . 
 owen gave me a surprised look at how loudly my stomach had growled . 
 `` you hungry ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` maybe a little . 
 i did n't eat much today , so even though the food was amazing , the serving size was a little small , '' i said sheepishly . 
 owen squeezed my hand . 
 `` i can go for a snack myself . 
 i 've never eaten there , but it is supposed to be the fanciest place in town , so i thought i should take you . 
 you deserve the best . '' 
 a flood of warm fuzzies flowed through me at his words . 
 no only did he love me , he really liked me too . 
 `` can i buy you a hotdog ? '' 
 i asked as owen 's stomach growled in response to mine . 
 `` you do n't have to buy me a hotdog . 
 i 'll get it . 
 i do n't know if you know this , but i 'm kind of rich , '' he whispered theatrically in my ear as we approached the small stand . 
 i gave him a playful push , pulling out some money from inside my dress . 
 owen raised his eyebrow as he looked down the top of my dress to where i had stashed my id and a little money . 
 `` i know , but you bought dinner . 
 let me get the hotdogs . '' 
 `` like i can say no to you anyway , '' he said , shaking his head with a good-natured laugh . 
 i paid the man for two hotdogs , and together we ate them as we walked through the park . 
 owen pretended to bump into me as we walked , and i bumped back into him , both of us laughing under our breath as we tried to maintain the illusion that it was always an accident . 
 thunder rumbled , and owen turned us back toward the hotel . 
 the clouds overhead were starting to get darker and more angry looking by the minute . 
 i was n't sure just how much longer they were going to hold back before letting loose . 
 we had just passed by the hotdog stand again when a crack of thunder made me jump . 
 owen laughed and pulled me close to him , draping his arm around my shoulder . 
 i smiled up at him and felt something wet land on my cheek . 
 i touched it with my fingertips , confused for a moment until a second heavy drop landed square on my nose . 
 owen and i looked right at one another with realization that it was raining just as the down pour started . 
 it was as if someone had turned on the shower faucet , the rain starting quicker than either of us could have expected . 
 we ran for the nearest trees , but their bare branches offered no protection from the sudden deluge . 
 i shivered , the two of us already completely soaked by the sudden microburst . 
 owen quickly shrugged out of his jacket and wrapped it around my shoulders , the satin inside still warm from his body . 
 i reached up , wrapping my hand around the back of his neck and pulling him down for a kiss . 
 our lips met , the taste of the rain on his lips . 
 i parted my lips and slipped my tongue inside of his mouth , which was so warm and inviting . 
 his hand tangled itself in my wet hair and pulling me closer to him . 
 our bodies pressed together , the heat of his chest defying the cold of the rain . 
 we stood there , kissing in the rain as if it was the most natural thing in the world . 
 raindrops pounded against the pavement , splattering against windows and shaking the baby leaves on the trees . 
 i was enjoying the taste of rainwater kisses too much to stop . 
 `` we need to get you inside , '' owen whispered , pulling himself away . 
 i realized i was shaking like a leaf , my teeth chattering with the cold . 
 he rubbed his hands up and down on my arms , trying to get some warmth back into them before grabbing my hand and pulling me toward the hotel . 
 it was only a short walk , and we reached the lobby right as another boom of thunder shook the city . 
 i caught my reflection in the elevator door as owen whisked me up to our room . 
 my lips were blue and my hair was wet , but thankfully my waterproof mascara was holding . 
 my dress was quickly becoming transparent , the water soaking through the white fabric and making it stick to my legs . 
 luckily , owen 's jacket kept most of me covered , but the dress made me look like i was turning into something that belonged in the water . 
 i gave my reflection a smile , pleased to find i looked more like a sea-soaked mermaid than a drowned rat . 
 owen opened the door , and we stepped inside . 
 the balcony doors had been thrown open by the wind , the curtains billowing in gusts . 
 owen went to close them , but i caught his arm . 
 i did n't want to wait a second longer to have him . 
 his white dress shirt was plastered against his skin , the water making it almost translucent . 
 i could see the gentle slopes and lines of his muscles highlighted by the wet cloth , everything in perfect proportion . 
 `` leave it open , '' i whispered , dropping the jacket off my shoulders and reaching to him for a kiss . 
 he wrapped his arms around me , the wet fabric of his shirt cold at first , but heating quickly as his body flared with desire . 
 i fumbled with the buttons on his shirt , the cold making my fingers clumsy . 
 he growled and ripped it apart , sending buttons flying through the air . 
 owen stripped the wet dress shirt from his skin , every inch of his toned chest and arms glistening with the dampness . 
 i licked my lip , biting the bottom one and reaching for him again . 
 his skin was cold , in perfect contrast with the fire that burned inside of me . 
 the doors banged against their hinges as a cold spray from the storm blew in , but i did n't care . 
 how could i care with a man as attractive as owen standing half-naked in front of me . 
 his eyes met mine , dark and hungry , a need filling them to the point of pain . 
 he pressed his mouth against mine , his lips cool but his tongue hot . 
 the contrast was startling and wonderful , making me ache to take him completely inside me . 
 i nibbled my way along his jawline , feeling his shoulders flex beneath my fingers , a small moan of want escaping his perfect lips . 
 i kissed his adam 's apple , down the the strong curve of his collarbone , down to one hard , erect nipple . 
 he groaned slightly , tangling his fingers in my hair as i took it in my mouth . 
 it was rock solid from the cold , and i could only imagine the pleasure my hot mouth was sending through him as i flicked it with my tongue . 
 slowly , i worked my way lower , kneeling in front of the bulge growing in his pants . 
 with a wicked grin , i looked up and worked the zipper down on his dress pants . 
 as the button came loose in my hands , his manhood stood ready for me . 
 inching the wet pants off his sculpted ass , followed quickly by his boxers and socks , i soon had him completely nak * d in front of me . 
 i stared at his perfection . 
 the rain gleamed on his muscles , tiny drops of water that i envied for being able to touch him so closely . 
 `` kaylee ... '' i loved the way my name sounded on his lips , his voice thrillingly gruff . 
 i looked up at him through my eyelashes , watching his face react to sheer pleasure as i took him into my mouth . 
 he groaned with satisfaction , his eyes closing and his fingers grabbing at my hair . 
 i rocked gently back and forth , sucking and licking , enjoying the taste of his skin . 
 he seemed to grow in my mouth , swelling with a need only i could meet . 
 he pulled up gently on my hair as i stopped to take a breath , coaxing me to my feet . 
 he gave me an appreciative smile before a concerned look took over his face . 
 `` kaylee , you 're shivering . '' 
 he ran his hands up and down along my bare skin , goosebumps covering every inch . 
 i was n't sure if i was shivering from the cold , or from pure desire making me vibrate with need . 
 `` we need to warm you up , '' he said softly , an eager grin spreading across his face . 
 `` let 's get you out of those wet clothes . '' 
 strong fingers slid the straps of my soaked dress from my shoulders , a sheen of wetness coating my entire body . 
 slowly , so slowly i almost begged him to go quicker so i could touch him again , he peeled my dress from my body , followed by the sheer panties . 
 inch by inch he worked the wet fabric down , caressing every part of my skin until i was bare and trembling before him . 
 with every stroke , warm tendrils of sensation swirled across my chilled skin . 
 my teeth started chattering , despite my best efforts to stop them . 
 my desire was red hot , but my body was chilled to the bone . 
 owen effortlessly swept me into his arms , and in three steps we were in the marble bathroom , the usually cold tile feeling warm against my frozen feet as owen gently set me down . 
 he stepped into the giant glass shower , his ass just begging to be spanked . 
 i reached out to touch it , giving the firm muscle a good squeeze . 
 he tightened , showing off the full strength of his ass . 
 a thrill of anticipation surged through me . 
 the water hissed as owen stepped back out , letting the shower get to full heat . 
 in one smooth motion , he closed the bathroom door and pulled me close to him . 
 steam was already beginning to condense on the mirror , the room growing warm . 
 `` now , where were we ? '' 
 he whispered into my ear , his hand tracing the line of my shoulder . 
 i kissed him , showing him exactly where we had left off . 
 he kissed me again , a no-holds-barred kiss that rocked my world . 
 my body shifted from rainwater ice to shower steam hot , the fire within me begging to be quenched by him . 
 he continued trailing down my arm , his fingers tracing the hollow of my elbow before making the leap to my ribs . 
 with eyes intent on mine , he cupped my breast in his hand , strumming the erect nipple with his thumb . 
 desire thrummed through me , vibrating my body as though i were a guitar string . 
 he kissed me again , sending me straight to heaven as he played my body like a musical instrument . 
 `` owen ... please , i need you , '' i gasped . 
 i ached in only a way he could soothe . 
 with a low animal growl he picked me up and placed me on the edge of the sink . 
 the room was thick with steam , the white mist swirling around the room and fogging the mirror . 
 owen stood before me , his manhood ready to take me . 
 i guided him in , gasping at the wonderful sensation as he filled me to breaking . 
 my legs wrapped around him , pulling him deeper and deeper into me . 
 i dug my nails into his back as he thrust , his ass flexing and releasing against my calf muscles . 
 my moans echoed through the marble bathroom , begging him for more . 
 a sheen of sweat broke out across his brow as his muscles worked . 
 he grabbed my h * ps and pulled me off the sink , flipping me around . 
 my hands went to the mirror to steady myself as he pulled my h * ps back toward him . 
 he was within me again in a moment , his face reflecting pure lust in the fogged mirror . 
 his hands went to the mirror as he pressed his body against mine , pushing and pulling , the two of us working in tandem to create pure bliss . 
 owen 's speed increased , his h * ps bucking back and forth , putting his hands on my h * ps to guide me where he wanted . 
 the heat of his hands , the motion of his hips , the breathless groans of delight were sending me toward cli ** x. i could tell he was climbing with me , the two of us crashing into sweet oblivion at the same time . 
 his thrusting slowed , and my body trembled from pleasure rather than cold . 
 i felt like i might never stop shaking and i was all right with that . 
 owen turned me toward him , wrapping his arms around me and kissing me deeply . 
 `` you 're still too cold , '' he said with a grin , gently pushing me toward the steaming glass shower . 
 i stepped inside , letting the hot water sluice down my body . 
 my feet burned a little as the lingering cold finally escaped my flesh . 
 owen closed the glass door behind him , looking me up and down with obvious approval . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked , catching the hot water in my hands and pouring it over my shoulders . 
 `` you are just so damn beautiful , '' he said softly , the word beautiful echoing off the glass walls . 
 `` turn around . '' 
 i turned so i was facing the shower head , a blush heating my face from the compliment . 
 when owen said i was beautiful , i believed him . 
 owen placed one hand on my bicep , wrapping the other around to my front . 
 i moaned softly as he explored my feminine folds , questing for my pleasure center . 
 he found it quickly , letting out a raw sound of male appreciation at my wetness . 
 using soft circles , he began to massage and tease , coaxing me toward bliss . 
 i leaned back into him , letting myself get lost in the moment . 
 `` you are so incredibly sexy , '' he whispered , his lips brushing against my shoulder and adding to the fabulous sensations coursing through my body . 
 `` you turn me on so much . 
 i love the way you taste . '' 
 my body started to tremble , his words and fingers sending me to the point of no return . 
 he kept whispering in my ear , `` you feel so tight and amazing . 
 you feel so good . 
 come for me , kaylee . '' 
 with a cry , my body shuddered , the lights swirling into a kaleidoscope of color and pleasure . 
 my knees buckled , unable to support the sheer volume of bliss coursing through me . 
 owen held me up , his fingers still working their magic , making my body vibrate with bliss . 
 when he finally released me , my breaths came in ragged pants . 
 his arms stayed strong around me , holding me so i would n't fall to my knees in happy surrender . 
 he kissed my shoulder , sending a shiver down my spine . 
 i turned slowly to find him breathing almost as hard as i was . 
 the lights suddenly flickered as thunder boomed , shaking the windows outside . 
 owen and i exchanged a quick glance before promptly exiting the shower . 
 i glanced at the mirror and started laughing , owen joining in as he followed my gaze . 
 the mirror was littered with hand-prints . 
 it was incredibly obvious exactly what we had been doing , the perfect mirror smudged with our escapades . 
 owen let out a hearty chuckle , pulling me into him for yet another mind-blowing kiss . 
 `` be right back , '' he finally whispered , letting me go . 
 i stood there for a moment , dizzy from his kiss . 
 thunder boomed again , but the lights stayed bright . 
 i had completely forgotten about the balcony doors until i heard owen closing them . 
 i smiled as i wrapped myself up in a towel , knowing he was making sure the room was warm for me . 
 owen opened the door , the steam leaking out into the main room as he stepped inside wearing one of the hotel 's voluminous robes . 
 he handed me a second , the material soft and luxurious . 
 i followed him out . 
 the room dark . 
 he hopped on the bed and motioned me to follow . 
 lightning illuminated the sky through the windows . 
 owen had drawn the drapes back so we could watch the night sky light up . 
 i cuddled into the nook of his shoulder , a delightful warm drowsy feeling washing over me . 
 the sky lit up as thunder echoed through the city buildings , shaking windows and rattling doors . 
 i was n't scared , though . 
 with owen holding me , the world could end , and i would still be safe . 
 chapter 17 the plane touched down and woke me from the blurry vestiges of a strange dream . 
 as i opened my eyes sleepily , i saw owen 's smiling face . 
 it had been a rough flight . 
 the first four hours , owen had managed to keep me relatively calm and distracted , but when we hit a patch of turbulence , i had lost it . 
 luckily , owen had convinced me to take some medication to help me relax , and then had held me until i fell asleep . 
 i was safe in his arms , and i managed to sleep through the rest of the flight , albeit with very strange dreams . 
 presently , the medication was still in my system , but at least this time i was going to get off the airplane and not have a wicked hangover . 
 `` good morning , gorgeous . 
 welcome to dubai . '' 
 he kissed me gently and pushed open one of the window shades . 
 bright white sunshine poured into the dimly lit cabin , making me blink . 
 i fumbled in my bag for a brush , ran it through my hair , then quickly gathered my things to get off the plane . 
 as the door opened , i felt a blast of heat , like i had just stepped into an oven . 
 nothing could have prepared me for how hot it was . 
 not even when i had gone to the caribbean had i ever been this hot . 
 there was no moisture in the air here , no clouds . 
 no wonder it was a desert , i thought . 
 i was used to summers in iowa , where the humidity and the heat make the corn grow sweet , but this was a different kind of heat . 
 sand and blue skies were all i could see , and everything seemed to be reflecting the gleaming sunlight back upon itself . 
 the airport where we had landed was small and obviously for wealthy clients with private jets . 
 i felt like a movie star as i walked down the stairs and onto a red carpeted walkway . 
 a private car was waiting to take us to our hotel . 
 i wondered what a city would look like in this part of the world . 
 as someone who never expected to travel , and never had the desire to either , i had n't paid much attention to the places i could go . 
 even when owen had told me where we were going , my knowledge was limited and scattered . 
 i had began to watch a brief `` cultural awareness '' video while we were on the airplane , but i had n't lasted long . 
 all i knew about dubai was that it was known for its oil and that the world 's tallest building , the burj khalifa , was located there . 
 i looked out the window as the city came into view and gasped . 
 it was quite possibly the most unique city i could have imagined . 
 the pictures online did n't do it justice . 
 skyscrapers soared into the atmosphere , their shapes almost whimsical . 
 i could see part of the burj khalifa as we drove closer , its spire threading into the sky past where i could follow it . 
 the thought of going to the top made my stomach feel a little queasy . 
 the car drove us through the city , whose buildings were all beautiful and unique . 
 i had expected it to look like new york city , or maybe chicago , but this was beyond anything i could have imagined . 
 i smiled as i gazed at the structure . 
 i did n't know that it was possible to make skyscrapers that looked like sailboats . 
 the car slowly worked it 's way toward the base of the massive tower of the burj khalifa . 
 at 2,722 feet and 162 floors : it dominated the skyline . 
 my neck ached as i craned it backward to see the top , but we were too close and the tower was too tall . 
 the car dropped us off , and owen and i headed inside the main lobby . 
 everything inside was sleek and modern , made for a worldwide stage . 
 businessmen in western attire mingled with men wearing the traditional long white dishdasha . 
 a woman in a hijab stood next to a russian woman in jeans and a tank-top , both of them waiting for their husbands . 
 i tried my best not to stare at the non-western clothing , but it was just something that i had never seen before . 
 it was exotic and very , very foreign . 
 owen did n't stop to check in at the desk , he just headed straight for the elevators . 
 the shiny doors closed and shot us up fast enough to make my ears pop . 
 owen led me confidently out of the elevator and down a hallway , apparently very used to the layout of the place as he spent so much time here for his business trips , . 
 a man was waiting for us outside of a dark wooden door . 
 i smiled as i recognized who it was . 
 at least not everything was foreign here . 
 dean grinned as soon as he saw us , quickly sliding a keycard into the door and opening it . 
 as i walked past , he touched my shoulder and whispered , `` i 'm glad you made it . '' 
 i could n't help but flash him a grin , glad to have another familiar face in a sea of new ones . 
 `` how did you get here ? 
 are n't you supposed to be watching emma ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 dean shrugged . 
 `` she asked if i could switch with mr. parker 's usual bodyguard for the trip . 
 mr. saunders was all too happy to agree . 
 besides , '' he said with a quick grin . 
 `` i thought you could use the friendly face . '' 
 `` you know me too well , '' i said softly as i stepped through the door . 
 i sent emma a silent thank you . 
 knowing i had dean looking out for me , someone i already trusted , made the idea of being somewhere so foreign easier . 
 owen sat down on a white , beautifully upholstered sofa , kicking his shoes off and relaxing for a moment . 
 he watched me as i explored the room like a little kid , grinning at my shock at the size and lavishness of it all . 
 there was a study with a giant tv , a huge and inviting bedroom with a massive bathroom , and a living room bigger than my apartment . 
 the bar and pantry were better stocked than my own , but i forgot it all when i saw the view . 
 from the windows , i could see the city , the desert , and even a sliver of the gulf glimmering in the distance . 
 it was absolutely breathtaking . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 owen asked with a grin as i found my way back to the living room . 
 he lounged comfortably on the couch as though he had always lived there . 
 unable to find the words i needed , my mouth opened and closed like a fish . 
 `` this room is nicer than my parents ' house . 
 i ca n't wrap my head around how big this place is . 
 i did n't know this level of niceness even existed . 
 i do n't think this even qualifies as a hotel anymore . 
 i 'm in awe . '' 
 owen laughed and stood . 
 he walked over to me and kissed me affectionately on the nose . 
 `` i 'm glad you like it . 
 make yourself comfortable . '' 
 he began to throw on his suit jacket again . 
 `` i need to get some work done in the office , but come in if you need anything . 
 i 'd suggest something simple for dinner tonight , but we already have plans . 
 i know you must be jet-lagged , but i need you to be ready to go to the sheik 's palace tonight for dinner . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 i nodded , accepting the apology , and owen smiled at me . 
 he turned and entered the study , closing the door gently behind him . 
 in my mind 's eye , i could see him opening his laptop and setting up his phone , placing everything he needed just so on the desk before getting to work . 
 it made me smile as i headed toward the bedroom to unpack and settle in . 
 *** rachel and emma had done well at their job of picking out my clothes . 
 owen 's eyes practically popped out of his head when he saw me in the formal dinner dress they had chosen . 
 it was a deep hue of blue that reminded me of twilight , right as stars start to appear but before the moon rises . 
 the sweetheart cut would have been out of place for a conservative dinner , but with a skin-tight long-sleeve lace overlay the length of the dress , only discrete windows of my skin were exposed . 
 i felt like something out of a fashion magazine . 
 as we walked into the sheik 's mansion , i knew that that was the point . 
 i was here as owen 's arm candy tonight . 
 sheik mohammad al-saffar greeted us warmly as we entered a large open room in the center of what i could only call a palace . 
 marble archways and lavish gardens made his home exactly what i had imagined the castle from aladdin to look like in real life . 
 the older gentleman wore the traditional white dishdasha that i was already associating with the middle east . 
 he looked exactly like what i thought a sheik would look like . 
 `` mr. parker , what a pleasure , '' the sheik greeted owen with perfect , though slightly accented , english . 
 i was n't quite sure what i had been expecting , but it was n't that . 
 owen had warned me that as a woman , and not party to the negotiations going on through ds oil and gas , i would largely be ignored . 
 i chose not to be slighted as the sheik only nodded , but never spoke to me . 
 as the two men conversed , i followed them into a large dining area . 
 a table big enough to feed a small city dominated the center of the room , and delicious smells were wafting off of covered plates waiting to be devoured . 
 as the three of us entered the airy room , a young man stood and gracefully padded over to greet us . 
 he wore a western outfit of gray slacks and a white short-sleeved shirt with a collar . 
 he could n't have been more than a year or two older than i was , with perfect olive skin , dark eyes , and eyelashes that seemed to go on into infinity . 
 he broke into a bright smile as he held out his hand to greet us . 
 `` this is my son , rashid . '' 
 the sheik introduced the young man , a proud smile lighting his creased face . 
 it was easy to see that rashid was his father 's pride and joy . 
 owen shook the younger man 's hand , and then followed the father toward the dinner table . 
 `` please , call me roger . 
 it 's so much easier that way , '' the young man said without a trace of his father 's accent . 
 he reached out his hand to shake mine . 
 i took his hand , surprised at the strength and heat in his fingers . 
 he stared into my eyes , making my cheeks flush when he did n't release my hand . 
 the blush only seemed to amuse him , and he gave me a crooked smirk , knowing that he had flustered me . 
 i withdrew my hand and hurried to the table . 
 i sat down next to owen , and roger took his place across the table from me with his father . 
 the two business men jumped into a conversation regarding their oil dealings almost immediately , using the dinner as a sort of informal business meeting . 
 roger and i sat quietly as they spoke , his eyes catching mine as often as he could . 
 i shifted in my seat . 
 i was unable to put my finger on it , but something about him made me anxious . 
 roger grinned at me , making sure he had my attention as he licked his lips suggestively . 
 i felt the blush start again , but i tried to ignore the flustered feeling rising in my stomach . 
 i was with owen . 
 i thought it was fairly clear that i was taken , but roger did n't seem to care , flirting openly with me across the table , even with owen right there . 
 i did n't want to do anything that could jeopardize owen 's business dealings , and making the sheik 's son unhappy would not indenture any good will , so i sat quietly and focused on the food in front of me , avoiding his smiles . 
 it was n't hard to concentrate on the food , though as i had never experienced anything quite like this . 
 there were roasted scallops with black truffles , pan-fried sea bass in a zesty lemon caper sauce , freshly sauteed dandelion root with onion salad , and for dessert something called la sfera . 
 it was a beautiful creation of vanilla cream , violet creme brulee , and cassis sorbet that resembled an edible faberge egg . 
 we ate until i was sure i could n't eat another bite . 
 as a waiter quietly picked up the empty dessert trays , sheik al-saffar leaned back in his chair , musing over something owen had said . 
 he and owen had spent the entire meal debating various points of the contract that owen was attempting to secure for jack 's company . 
 this dinner was never meant for me , so i did n't mind the two of them talking shop the entire time . 
 from what little i could understand of their oil jargon , it seemed to be going well . 
 i was slightly unnerved , however , by roger 's constant attention . 
 he had n't said a word over dinner , but his eyes had never left me . 
 i felt like he wanted to have me for dinner instead of the sea bass , and he was just waiting to find the opportune moment to catch me . 
 i shivered slightly , but not from cold . 
 the sheik and owen stood as soon as the last plates were cleared away , and they walked somewhat sedately toward an attached room with a large tv screen . 
 they wanted to look at one of the advertising campaigns owen had created for selling al-saffar 's oil to new markets . 
 i smiled for a moment as i knew that meant owen 's task was going well , but then frowned as i realized it meant that roger and i were left alone at the table . 
 `` have you ever been to paris ? '' 
 roger asked , playing with a water glass . 
 there was something to the motion that made me uncomfortable . 
 i pushed aside my feelings of discomfort , determined to do my best to help owen out . 
 if i was going to be traveling with him , i would have to get good at being a well-behaved guest . 
 `` no . 
 this is actually the first time i 've been out of the country . 
 well , other than to the caribbean , but that almost does n't count . '' 
 i gave him my most diplomatic smile and hoped he would n't see right through it . 
 i did n't really want to talk to him . 
 `` would you like to ? '' 
 he dipped his finger into the glass . 
 `` um , maybe someday . 
 i 've never really had the opportunity to travel , so i 've never really thought about it . '' 
 i gave myself a mental pat on the back for the smooth answer . 
 `` i meant , would you like to go there with me ? '' 
 he raised his wet finger to his lips , sucking the moisture from his fingertip . 
 i swallowed hard . 
 `` as long as owen gets to come too , '' i answered . 
 i hoped that reminding him that i was here with owen would make him back off . 
 i did n't like how this conversation was going . 
 `` i was thinking just the two of us . 
 it is the city of love , after all . '' 
 he smiled suggestively at me . 
 i opened my mouth , but no words came out . 
 my brain was scrambling for a diplomatic answer , one that would n't make the situation more awkward . 
 something that would help owen land this contract . 
 he laughed , delighting in my discomfort . 
 i played with my water glass , biting the inside of my cheek . 
 if i had been back home i would have told him off . 
 i would have walked out or found someone else to talk to , but i could n't here . 
 i had to be polite and not do those things for owen 's sake . 
 i could n't let him down . 
 `` that 's a kind offer , but i 'm afraid i 'm not interested . '' 
 i finally managed to get out the words , even punctuating them with a smile . 
 his eyes narrowed on me and i felt like a bug caught under a magnifying glass . 
 `` what would you like to do tomorrow , then ? '' 
 nothing with you , i wanted to scream . 
 i glanced over to where i had seen owen last , glad to see him heading back my direction . 
 `` i 'm afraid i have a very busy schedule . '' 
 that sounded diplomatic enough to me . 
 `` you and i are going to see each other . 
 i 'll see to it . 
 i think we could do some amazing things together . '' 
 the way he said it almost sounded like a threat . 
 `` you 'll have to clear that with owen . 
 he is the one in charge of where i go and who i see . '' 
 owen and the sheik paused in a doorway , talking like old friends . 
 i hoped owen would come back to the table soon . 
 this conversation was making me very uncomfortable , and i wanted it to stop . 
 i did n't want to be diplomatic to roger anymore . 
 `` that wo n't be a problem . 
 he and my father have business meetings all day tomorrow . 
 it can be just the two of us . '' 
 i was an ant again under his magnifying glass . 
 `` i 'll still have to clear it with him . 
 thank you again for the offer , '' i said hastily , standing up and stepping away before he could say any more . 
 the last thing in the world i wanted to do was see him tomorrow . 
 if i had my way , i would have set him down hard , told him in no uncertain terms that i was n't interested , but i needed to be tactful for owen 's sake . 
 his contract negotiations hinged on the sheik 's favor , and thus , the sheik 's son 's favor as well . 
 owen 's brows tightened for a moment as i walked over to him , but he quickly relaxed his face before the sheik could see it . 
 he put his hand on my back , his touch feather light but sending a bolt of security through me . 
 i was safe with owen . 
 i could see roger still lounging at the table , a frightening grin on his face . 
 he knew i had fled because of him , and he liked it . 
 `` thank you for the wonderful dinner . 
 i will make the adjustments you suggested and get back to you in the morning . '' 
 owen gave the sheik a perfect businessman smile . 
 i liked the one he gave me better , but i knew the effect that smile could have on people . 
 the sheik barely batted an eyelash as he reminded owen of a key point he wanted changed . 
 no wonder the man was worth a fortune if he could evade owen 's charms . 
 the two of them shook hands one final time , and owen guided me out toward a waiting car . 
 the night air was cooler than i had expected , but the shiver that went through me was n't from the breeze . 
 it was from roger 's eyes following me out the door . 
 chapter 18 `` i 'll be back in time for us to go get something for dinner tonight . 
 are you sure you 'll be all right staying in the hotel today ? 
 i can get someone to show you around the city or something . '' 
 owen frowned slightly as i adjusted his tie . 
 i made sure it laid straight and then smoothed the fabric across his shoulders . 
 i loved these simple moments . 
 they may never make a scrapbook , but that will stay in my mind forever as perfect . 
 `` i 'll be fine . 
 i think i 'm still a little jet-lagged , so staying in sounds nice today . 
 maybe i 'll go down to the spa or something later , '' i said , smiling up at him . 
 his blue eyes still held a pout , so i added , `` besides , dean will be here with me today if i change my mind . '' 
 owen glanced over to the kitchen where dean sat reading a newspaper . 
 he sighed and looked down at me . 
 `` you 're sure you do n't want to do anything today ? '' 
 `` yes ! 
 now get going , or you 'll be late ! '' 
 i said , pushing him toward the door . 
 the worry vanished from his eyes as he picked up his briefcase and reached for the doorknob . 
 `` i love you , kaylee , '' said owen , catching my eyes with his . 
 i could feel a happy warmth surge across the connection , filling me with an inner light . 
 `` i love you , owen . 
 now , get to work ! '' 
 i gave him a light peck on the cheek and he grinned before disappearing out the door . 
 the door clicked shut , and i leaned my back against it . 
 i closed my eyes and counted the hours until he would be home , finding them far too many . 
 i hoped that rashid would n't follow through on his threat to come by . 
 i did n't say anything about it to owen . 
 i did n't want him to worry . 
 besides , it was probably just an empty threat anyway . 
 when i opened my eyes again , dean was standing in front of me . 
 `` why do n't you want to go anywhere today ? '' 
 he asked softly , his light blue eyes intense as he read the worry on my face . 
 i sighed . 
 `` rashid , the sheik 's son . 
 he makes me uncomfortable , and last night , he said we were going to do something tomorrow . 
 if i stay in the hotel , then i 'm hoping he wo n't bother me . '' 
 dean nodded . 
 `` you know i wo n't let him do anything , right ? '' 
 i smiled . 
 dean , while tall and in amazing shape , appeared lanky and unimposing . 
 i 'm sure he could hold his own in a fight , but he did n't look that scary to me . 
 i wondered how he had gotten the job of guarding billionaires , but i always figured he just had other talents that made him a good bodyguard . 
 i knew he was smart , and if he was good at preventing a bad situation , then that was always better than being scary enough to stop one . 
 `` thanks , dean . 
 i know i should n't let him get to me , but just something about him set my teeth on edge . '' 
 i shivered at the memory of him looking at me . 
 `` i 've learned to trust those gut instincts . 
 i 'll make sure he does n't bother you today . '' 
 `` dean , what about tomorrow though ? 
 he 's the sheik 's son . 
 if things keep going as well as they have between owen and the sheik , i 'm going to have to see him again . 
 there is already another dinner scheduled for tomorrow night . '' 
 i leaned back against the door again , my shoulders slumping . 
 `` has he done anything to actually make you concerned ? '' 
 dean 's eyes narrowed as he contemplated my options . 
 `` no . 
 just implied . 
 i have no real reason to be afraid of him . 
 he just makes me nervous is all . 
 if i can avoid him , i want to . '' 
 dean nodded , then gave me a warm smile . 
 `` well , do n't you worry about him . 
 he 's probably just a weird kid who never learned to be polite because he has so much money he never had to . 
 let owen know , though . 
 owen wo n't stop scheduling things that involve rashid if you do n't tell him . 
 he 'll understand . '' 
 i fiddled with the groove in the tile of the entryway , pushing the hem of my yoga pants into it with my toes . 
 `` i 'll tell him . 
 i just do n't want him to be upset or do something that will endanger his contract . 
 it 's pretty obvious the sheik thinks his little boy is the best thing since sliced bread and will take any affront to rashid as an affront to him . 
 i do n't want to ruin the contract because some punk makes me nervous . '' 
 dean put his hands on my shoulders , and said in a low voice , `` owen knows how to handle situations like the one with rashid and his father . 
 you have to trust owen to do the right thing . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i 'll tell him when he gets home . 
 i just feel like i 'm overreacting , and i do n't want to mess things up . '' 
 dean gave me a squeeze before letting go of my shoulders . 
 his quiet confidence and the way he approached a problem reminded me a lot of my dad . 
 i could see why emma trusted him as much as she did . 
 `` so , what are you going to do today ? '' 
 dean asked , taking a step back into the main room . 
 i glanced about , and my eyes settled on the kitchen . 
 i loved cooking , and i had n't had time to cook anything more than a frozen pizza for weeks . 
 i had been itching to try out some new recipes after all the good food i had been eating . 
 `` you like pancakes ? '' 
 dean nodded and rubbed his stomach . 
 `` ca n't you tell ? '' 
 `` then get ready for the best pancakes you 've ever had . 
 i 'm cooking today . '' 
 *** `` you have the list ? '' 
 dean gave me a look that very clearly said of course i have the list . 
 stop asking . 
 i went through the recipes one more time , making sure i had everything . 
 i only wanted dean to go out shopping for me once . 
 he said he was happy to go do it , that he even knew of a market close by , but i still felt bad . 
 i did n't want to leave the hotel , so i was just going to stay in the room . 
 dean was all right with that , because i could n't possibly get into trouble . 
 besides , if anything did happen , hotel security was on speed dial . 
 `` remember , fresh cilantro if they have it , '' i reminded him one last time as he slid on a baseball cap . 
 `` i 'll remember . 
 i be back in thirty minutes , '' dean said , closing the door behind him . 
 the lock clicked loudly in the quiet room . 
 i stood staring at the door for a moment , wondering what i should do until he got back . 
 while playing checkers with dean all day , we had started talking about food . 
 when our favorite homemade meals had come up , i had told him about my mom 's secret recipe for `` cheeseburger pie . 
 dean suggested i cook it for owen , along with some chocolate chip cookies . 
 it was n't exactly scallops with black truffles , but i thought owen would enjoy it and it gave me something to do . 
 the hotel-stocked kitchen had most of the main ingredients , but i needed some fresh things that i could n't substitute . 
 for a small slice of my infamous cheeseburger pie , dean had agreed to get them . 
 i went to the kitchen , pulling out the various pots and pans i would need for cooking and prepping what i could without my fresh ingredients . 
 i found myself humming as i put water on to boil for the potatoes and set out the cutting boards to prep the salad . 
 i was looking for a second mixing bowl when i heard a noise in the other room . 
 dean was faster than i thought . 
 i peeked around the corner to the living room , and my blood ran cold . 
 rashid was on the couch , sitting there like he owned the place . 
 i nearly threw the wooden spoon in my hand at his head , but decided that probably would n't be the best reaction . 
 a fair reaction , but not the best . 
 `` how did you get in here , rashid ? '' 
 i hoped my annoyance was apparent . 
 i did n't want him here , and i was n't going to be polite after he broke into my room . 
 i could be diplomatic , but that did n't mean i had to be nice . 
 he gave me a chastising look . 
 `` it 's roger . '' 
 then shrugged his shoulders as if getting into a locked hotel room were nothing . 
 `` i believe the expression is ' i know a guy . ' 
 i get whatever i want , and i wanted to come see you . '' 
 i swallowed hard , glancing at the clock . 
 dean would n't be back for another fifteen minutes at the earliest . 
 i hoped there was n't traffic or that he did n't take his time looking for fresh cilantro . 
 roger stretched out on the couch , then patted the seat next to him . 
 i stayed standing . 
 `` what do you want to do today , kaylee ? '' 
 he looked me up and down , undressing me with his eyes . 
 i fought the urge to cover myself with my hands . 
 he could n't see through my shirt and yoga pants , no matter how much he wanted to . 
 `` i want you to leave . '' 
 `` aw , kaylee . 
 i ca n't do that . 
 i came all this way just to see you . 
 do n't be a bad hostess , '' he said as he stood . 
 i was suddenly very aware of just how much taller he was than i. `` please leave . '' 
 i tried to say it forcefully , but it just came out as a whisper . 
 i did n't want to mess anything up for owen 's contract with roger 's father , but i desperately wanted him to go away . 
 he just smirked at me , knowing exactly the position i was in . 
 he knew i would n't do anything to jeopardize the contract and he was counting on it . 
 he took a step closer to me . 
 `` you do n't want that , baby . 
 you know you want me . '' 
 his voice was smooth like oil , sliding over my skin and making me feel dirty . 
 i bumped into the wall behind me , not even aware that i had been stepping back . 
 he gave me a smug smile , knowing i had backed myself into a corner . 
 i spied the phone on a small table . 
 with my left hand , i reached for the phone 's receiver , but my right hand never got to the numbered buttons . 
 as fast as a snake , he grabbed my hand . 
 the receiver fell out of my hand , and i looked up at him with fear in my eyes . 
 i struggled , but his hands were bigger and stronger than mine , and held me easily . 
 i tried to bring my knee up into his groin or at least to drag my foot down his shin - anything to cause him pain - but he was pressed so close to me i could n't move . 
 i was powerless to stop him , no matter how much i fought and squirmed . 
 his cologne filled my nostrils . 
 it was strong , like he had bathed in the bottle instead of a shower , and sickeningly sweet . 
 i wanted to throw up . 
 i wanted to be anywhere but here , with anyone but him . 
 `` please , do n't , '' i whispered , struggling against him . 
 he just laughed , the sound striking fear deep into my bones . 
 where was dean ? 
 `` just relax , kaylee . 
 you 'll enjoy this so much more if you just relax , '' he said softly , his breath giving me unpleasant chills . 
 the calmness and surety in the way he moved told me this was n't the first time he had done this . 
 `` get away from her . '' 
 a commanding voice boomed from across the room . 
 i felt my knees go weak with relief as the door slammed behind dean . 
 roger turned his head to glance at him , but did n't let me go . 
 `` this is n't your problem , man . 
 beat it . '' 
 roger turned back , leering at me . 
 he was n't afraid of dean . 
 before i could move , roger was ripped off of me like an old band-aid and thrown to the ground . 
 he lay on his back , a dazed expression on his face as dean stood over him like a tiger about to pounce . 
 with a shake of his head , roger rolled to his side , then up to his feet . 
 dean moved around to stand between me and roger , gliding along the floor like a big cat . 
 i rubbed my wrists , trying to keep my panic under control . 
 `` get out . '' 
 dean 's voice was like ice . 
 `` she wanted it , man , '' roger said , trying to appeal to dean . 
 `` just wait until my father hears about this . '' 
 dean 's face only hardened . 
 roger swallowed and started backing up toward the exit . 
 he stopped and gave me a wink and an evil smile . 
 `` i own this city . 
 there is n't anywhere you can go to escape me , so i 'll see you later , kaylee . '' 
 i shuddered , then looked back at dean . 
 when i first met dean , i did n't understand how he was a bodyguard to the billionaires . 
 he was tall and in shape , but he just was n't physically imposing . 
 now , watching as he strode toward rashid , his eyes gleaming violence , i understood . 
 i would willingly take on ten muscle-men bodybuilders before i even thought about messing with dean . 
 in one fluid motion , dean had roger pressed against the wall , his hands wrapped in the front of roger 's shirt . 
 roger started spluttering , the whites of his eyes growing bigger until he looked like a scared rabbit . 
 dean held him there , then leaned in and whispered something . 
 i could n't hear it , but somehow roger 's eyes grew even bigger . 
 his hand started scratching at the wall , desperately looking for the door handle to make his escape . 
 dean let him go , pushing off of him like he did n't want the stench of roger on his hands . 
 roger scrambled for the door , running like a beaten dog with his tail between his legs . 
 the door slammed shut behind him as he scampered down the hallway . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 dean asked , turning to me . 
 he grabbed my wrists and looked them over , checking for any sign of damage . 
 a single tear rolled down my cheek . 
 `` he was gon na ... he was gon na . . '' 
 i could n't get the words out . 
 they were too horrific . 
 dean wrapped me up in his arms , protecting me from the world . 
 he touched my hair softly and made a soft soothing shush noise as i broke down in tears . 
 i sank to the floor , and dean followed me , still holding me . 
 i cried into his shoulder , letting the terror and frustration work itself out . 
 he just kept quietly comforting me , keeping me safe until i was ready to talk . 
 finally , the tears would n't come anymore and my ragged sobs slowed to where i could speak . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 dean asked again , concern showing in every word . 
 i nodded . 
 `` how did he get in here , dean ? 
 i did n't let him in . 
 i was in the kitchen , and then he was just there . '' 
 `` i do n't know , but i 'll find out . 
 i 'm sure he just bribed someone or stole a key from housekeeping . 
 i 'm so sorry , kaylee . 
 this never should have happened . '' 
 i looked up at him , not wanting him to feel guilty for this . 
 this was roger 's fault and no one else 's . 
 `` there is no way you could have known he was going to do this . 
 i should have been safe here . '' 
 dean sighed and pulled me closer . 
 i liked how secure he made me feel , like the way i did when my dad would keep me safe from monsters . 
 `` i still feel bad . 
 it 's my job to keep you safe . '' 
 `` you did . 
 you saved me . '' 
 dean gave me another squeeze , my body still shaking from fear and adrenaline . 
 i felt like i would never stop shaking . 
 `` how did you get here in time ? 
 i thought you were still going to be gone for a while , '' i asked glancing at the clock . 
 my water in the kitchen was boiling . 
 i should turn it off before all the water evaporated . 
 `` there was a sandstorm coming , so i hurried back . 
 i 'm afraid i did n't get your cilantro . '' 
 i felt a smile crack my face . 
 the cilantro did n't seem so important anymore . 
 my phone chirped across the room , a text coming in from owen . 
 dean and i both looked at it , knowing that we were going to have to tell him . 
 neither of us moved . 
 if i did n't tell him , maybe i could convince myself it did n't happen . 
 if owen did n't know , then it was all just a bad dream . 
 my phone chirped again and dean released me , standing up and retrieving my phone . 
 i clicked on the message , not quite brave enough yet to call him . 
 we 've been invited to go deep sea fishing on rashid 's yacht . 
 if things kept going this way , roger and his father would be permanent fixtures in our lives . 
 my phone slipped from my fingers and clattered to the floor . 
 i did n't even bother picking it up . 
 in my head i could see exactly what was going to happen . 
 the sheik was going to ask owen for a last minute business meeting , and i would be on the boat alone with roger . 
 he would come at me again , and this time , there would be no dean or owen to save me . 
 i started to cry again at the memory of him touching me , the smell of his cologne , the sick feeling in the pit of my stomach . 
 dean 's arms were around me again in an instant as i crumpled back to the floor . 
 `` i ca n't do this ... '' i whispered , my lungs too compressed to get much more than a wheeze out . 
 a cold panic sunk into my bones , every muscle in my body trying to `` fight and flight '' at the same time . 
 outside , the sandstorm hit , the wind howling with anger at being denied entrance . 
 `` he 's going to be everywhere , dean . 
 he will never leave me alone . 
 especially not after today . '' 
 the fact was like an ice cube in my mind , always bobbing to the top and making everything cold . 
 `` he really does own the city , dean . 
 he and his father have connections to everything . 
 i ca n't stay here ; i 'm not safe here anymore . 
 i just want to go home . '' 
 dean pulled out his phone , hitting a speed dial number and waiting patiently until a voice answered on the other end . 
 it was owen . 
 just hearing his voice on the other end of the phone sent elation and fear through me . 
 `` sir , there 's been an incident . '' 
 dean was the perfect professional . 
 `` what happened ? 
 is kaylee alright ? '' 
 the phone was n't on speaker , but i could still hear his voice clearly . 
 i wished so much that i could bury myself into owen 's chest , let his arms wrap around me , and let this bad memory drift away . 
 i wished i could have made the past thirty minutes different . 
 i felt horrible that this incident would probably sour his relationship with the sheik . 
 i wished i had another option , one that would n't have the possibility of destroying what he was working so hard on . 
 i knew i should n't be the one feeling guilty , but i could n't help it . 
 yet another wave of anger washed through me that roger would completely and utterly betray my trust and personal space . 
 `` kaylee is fine , sir . 
 a little shaken , though . 
 i got here just in time . '' 
 dean glanced at me . 
 i was still shaking like a leaf in an autumn breeze . 
 he gave my shoulder a slight squeeze , then stood and headed toward the kitchen to tell owen what had happened . 
 i was grateful that he was giving me space so i did n't have to hear the words happen again . 
 i looked out at the sand beating against the window . 
 it was beautiful in a way , but i knew i could never survive out there . 
 lightning flashed amid the swirling brown clouds . 
 there was no moisture out there , only swirling , hateful sand . 
 it was as if mother nature herself was telling me that i did n't belong in this place . 
 `` yes , sir , i understand . 
 i 'll see to it . 
 thank you , sir . '' 
 dean came over and handed me the phone . 
 my hands were shaking so badly that i almost dropped it . 
 `` owen ? '' 
 i was surprised that my voice did n't come out as a squeak . 
 it sounded normal . 
 `` are you alright , kaylee ? 
 i 'll come home right now , sandstorm be damned . '' 
 he sounded angry , but i knew his anger was n't directed at me though . 
 `` i 'm okay . 
 a little shaky , but i 'm okay . 
 really . '' 
 if i told him i was okay and he believed it , then maybe i really would be . 
 `` please wait until the storm is over . 
 dean is with me and i do n't need you getting turned into a sand zombie . '' 
 `` kaylee , i want you to know that i 'm not going to let this kind of behavior slide . '' 
 owen 's voice vibrated with a quiet rage . 
 i was very glad he was on my side . 
 `` thank you , owen , '' i said softly . 
 `` i 'll call back in a little bit , okay ? '' 
 i nodded , not caring that he could n't see me as the line went quiet . 
 i let the phone fall to my lap as i just stared out at the raging storm that would never yield any rain . 
 *** when the storm finally ended , the world returned to too-bright sunshine and blue skies . 
 down below , i could see workers with brooms pushing piles of sand from the sidewalks , the clean-up already beginning . 
 owen was home shortly , almost as soon as the sky was clear . 
 `` kaylee , '' he called , barging into the room . 
 i got up from the couch , knowing i was pale and trembling . 
 i was in his arms before i could take a second breath . 
 owen held me tight against his chest , his heart pounding wildly . 
 i held onto him like he was the only solid thing in my world , a strong rock to hold onto among the swirling sands . 
 he kept his arms around me , but looked down , releasing me slightly to brush a stray strand of hair from my face . 
 `` you 're sure you 're okay ? '' 
 `` if either of you asks me that again , i will hit you , '' i said , glancing toward dean . 
 he sat protectively by the door , a lion guarding his den . 
 `` look , i made you both some dinner . 
 i do n't want to talk about what happened right now . 
 i just want to eat . '' 
 the two men shared a glance and nodded . 
 i knew the smells coming from the kitchen were intoxicating . 
 once i had hung up with owen , i had dived into my cooking . 
 it was something that required my concentration and allowed me to distance myself from what had just happened . 
 i was n't ready to deal with it yet . 
 owen put on a smile , his face attempting to convince his brain that everything was okay . 
 `` what did you make ? 
 it smells wonderful . '' 
 `` cheeseburger pie , a salad , and cookies . '' 
 i motioned them both to the table and brought out a steaming casserole dish . 
 `` what 's cheeseburger pie ? 
 i do n't think i 've ever heard of it , '' owen said , eying the baking dish in my hands . 
 `` it 's basically meatloaf with mashed potatoes and lots and lots of cheese . 
 i had to improvise on the salad a little bit , but i think it came out pretty good . 
 i 'll put the cookies in the oven in just a couple minutes so they 'll come out warm when we want to eat them . '' 
 i smiled at the two men . 
 it was so much easier to just pretend that nothing had happened . 
 i did n't want that afternoon to be real , so i chose not to think about it . 
 i knew that i was going to have to face it eventually , but i did n't want to do it right this minute . 
 i wanted to pretend , just for a little while , that everything was normal and things were going to work out the way they should . 
 i just wanted to forget . 
 we ate quietly as the sun began to sink and the world turned dark . 
 i put the dishes in the sink and we sat on the couches eating cookies , only making small-talk . 
 when the cookies were gone , dean volunteered to do dishes . 
 i watched as owen turned his phone on , which was bizarre because he never had his phone turned off . 
 it immediately chirped at him and he went into the next room to work on it . 
 i sat on the couch . 
 the room dipped into darkness as night fell across the city . 
 for the first time since i was a small child , the dark made me nervous . 
 i was sure every noise in the hallway was roger trying to sneak back in . 
 every creak of the giant building made me feel sure that something terrible was about to happen . 
 i ran around the room , turning on every light i could find , but it did n't get rid of the fear . 
 owen came out and sat beside me on the couch , trying his best to be strong and comforting . 
 i knew i was jumping at shadows , but that did n't make me any less stressed out . 
 a key slid into the door and the handle moved . 
 i froze , but the door did n't unlock . 
 a panic swept through me . 
 i knew it was roger coming back to take his revenge on the three of us . 
 would he be armed this time ? 
 owen looked at me , his face going pale . 
 dean moved to the door like a hunting cat , opening it like he was expecting to jump on his prey . 
 a very startled businessman looked up at dean with wide eyes , his hand holding the keycard in midair . 
 `` i must have the wrong room ! 
 so sorry ! '' 
 he yelped , quickly scurrying out from under dean 's predatory gaze . 
 dean watched him disappear down the hall before closing the door . 
 `` i 'll be right outside if you need me , '' he said softly , knowing that owen and i needed to talk . 
 i waited until the door clicked shut before speaking . 
 `` i ca n't stay here . '' 
 i could feel a tear trickling down my cheek . 
 i hated being afraid . 
 `` i want to go home . '' 
 owen 's brows furrowed . 
 `` are you sure ? 
 we could get another hotel ? ' 
 `` i know he would just find us again . 
 besides , we 're supposed to have dinner with him tomorrow night . 
 his father is the man you are here to see . 
 i 'm so sorry , owen , but i ca n't stay here . '' 
 `` kaylee , i do n't know what to do here . 
 i want to do my job , but i want to make sure you are safe . 
 you are more important to me , but i want to make sure that 's really what you want . '' 
 `` i know this contract is important to you owen . 
 i never meant to make things complicated - '' owen cut me off before i could finish the sentence . 
 `` this is not your fault , kaylee . 
 rashid is a jerk and if his father ca n't see past that to do business then he is an idiot . '' 
 i smiled , glad that owen would be on my side no matter what . 
 `` owen , this place is your life . 
 not mine . 
 i do n't like it here . 
 the sun , the sand , the foreignness of everything , the constant threat of roger-it just makes it clearer and clearer that i do n't belong here . '' 
 `` maybe next time - '' owen started , but i cut him off this time . 
 `` there will be no next time , owen . 
 i wo n't come back here . '' 
 owen went quiet . 
 if i never came back here , then that meant he would spend weeks here alone . 
 we could n't be together . 
 thoughts and pain flitted across his face like shadows across the sand dunes . 
 `` i 'll take you home , then , '' he said finally . 
 `` we 'll leave first thing in the morning . '' 
 chapter 19 `` owen , you do n't have to come . 
 you have obligations here , '' i said softly as we walked in the desert sun to the waiting jet . 
 the red carpet was there once more , along with the stairs into the plane , but i did n't feel glamorous today . 
 i just wanted to go home and forget that this trip ever happened . 
 `` kaylee , i ca n't in good conscience let you get on that airplane by yourself . 
 you do n't exactly do well on them . '' 
 he smiled at me , but there was a tension around his eyes which i had n't seen before . 
 i boarded the airplane first , and i glanced back to see owen standing at the first step , his gaze at the horizon . 
 he was taking the scenery in as though he might never come back . 
 i buckled myself into the large leather recliner , settling in and taking some deep , calming breaths . 
 this airplane was n't as frightening this time , but i was n't about to think that i could do this flying thing on a regular basis . 
 owen sat across from me , looking out the window and resting his hands on his knees . 
 he looked mostly relaxed , save for the tension in his jawline . 
 i gave him a smile , though in all honesty it was only a curve of my lips since my heart was n't in it . 
 he mirrored my expression as i popped one of the pills from the previous flight into my mouth . 
 i leaned back , focusing on my breathing and convincing myself that i could do this . 
 the plane started to rumble forward , the engines turning form a high-pitched whine into a solid roar as the wings met the wind . 
 i could see owen open up his laptop and begin banging on the keys , a frown across his face . 
 i wondered just how much this little detour was screwing up his business dealings . 
 he was supposed to be meeting with the sheik right now to discuss billions of dollars ' worth of contracts , not getting on a plane to fly a terrified girl home . 
 my ears popped as we rose higher , and i took a deep breath , trying to keep my fear at bay . 
 my body wanted to give into the terror , but i was n't going to let it . 
 the medication was starting to work itself into my system , making it easier to turn off the instinctual fear . 
 `` owen ? '' 
 he looked up for a moment , annoyed , before smoothing the lines of his face . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i gave him a small smile , hoping his edginess would subside . 
 he smiled and ran his hand through his golden hair . 
 `` of course , kaylee . 
 you know i would do anything for you . '' 
 an awkward pause fell between us . 
 i did n't know what to say . 
 how could i thank him for possibly ruining a billion dollar contract because of me ? 
 because of roger , i quickly corrected myself . 
 it was n't my fault that i no longer felt safe in dubai . 
 unfortunately , just because it was n't my fault , did n't take away the guilty feeling . 
 there was a space growing between owen and i that was n't due to the position of the plane . 
 he was angry about something , the way he banged on his keyboard , and the flash in his eyes giving it away . 
 i knew he was n't mad at me but rather the situation . 
 i wished for the millionth time that i could change how things had happened . 
 i just wanted to go back to the way things used to be . 
 `` owen ? '' 
 i asked , hoping to catch his attention . 
 he made a noncommittal noise , but did n't look up . 
 i did n't continue and instead just leaned my seat back . 
 something had changed about him , but i could n't figure out what . 
 the medicine was starting to make me drowsy , and since owen did n't want to talk , i just let it overpower and carry me off to sleep . 
 *** rain beat on the windows of the chauffeured town-car , smearing the lines of des moines into sad gray smudges . 
 we drove by gray 's lake and the crab-apple forest , but the blossoms were long gone . 
 the lake was blocked by cement barriers displaying signs that the park was closed due to flooding . 
 over the softly playing radio , i could hear a weather report for yet more rain and increasing flooding throughout the area . 
 owen and i sat on opposite sides of the vehicle . 
 he had n't said more than a word since we got off the airplane and into the car . 
 we both knew that something we did n't want was going to happen . 
 the flight had been painfully uncomfortable . 
 owen had focused on his work as we flew away from the thing he was trying to accomplish , the silence deafening . 
 i appreciated that he was willing to drop everything for me , but i did n't want to ruin his dreams . 
 it was n't even so much the leaving that was keeping us quiet ; it was the fact that i would never go back . 
 rashid al-saffar had too much influence in the region for me to ever feel safe there again . 
 unfortunately , that was exactly where owen 's job needed him to be . 
 he would travel , and i would have to stay behind . 
 it would be a long distance relationship that would never work . 
 we both knew this was going to be the end , but we were trying to maintain the illusion of us as a couple for as long as possible . 
 the car pulled to a stop in the parking lot of my building . 
 we sat silently , neither one of us really ready to say goodbye , but knowing it had to be done . 
 the driver exited the car and started moving my suitcases toward my apartment . 
 a small rumble of thunder echoed in the distance , breaking the silence . 
 `` i ca n't live this lifestyle anymore , owen . 
 i love you , but i ca n't do this . '' 
 the words trickled out with my tears . 
 i did n't want to say them , but they needed to be said . 
 `` there are other places in the world we can go , '' owen replied halfheartedly . 
 his dark blue eyes held an ocean of sadness . 
 this was n't how either of us wanted our relationship to end . 
 `` no , owen . 
 no matter where we go , i would just end up resenting you , or you resenting me . 
 i let myself get drawn into something i did n't want with my last boyfriend , and it nearly broke me . 
 we have to be equals . 
 we can compromise , but sometimes a person can compromise too much . 
 i love you more than i 've ever loved anyone , but i have to stay true to myself . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 i felt a hot tear leak out , burning as it slipped down my cheek . 
 owen nodded slowly . 
 `` i understand . '' 
 he reached out and wiped the tear from my face with his thumb , cradling my jaw in his hand . 
 his eyes shone with tears as he leaned forward and kissed me softly . 
 i closed my eyes and tried to put every detail of it into my memory . 
 the way his lips were soft against mine , the taste of his skin , the warmth of his hand , the smell of his cologne . 
 i mentally cataloged it , trying to secure it in my mind so i would forever remember it . 
 `` i have to take care of some business , but i promise i 'll be back . '' 
 owen 's hand stayed on my cheek , even as he pulled away . 
 i appreciated the lie . 
 it made leaving the car easier . 
 the driver had returned , shaking raindrops off his hat . 
 `` goodbye , owen . '' 
 i said it so softly i was n't sure if he heard me . 
 a single tear ran out of the corner of his eye , but he did n't move to brush it away . 
 `` goodbye , kaylee , '' he whispered . 
 i barely heard it as i bolted from the car . 
 thunder rolled in the distance as the car drove away , but all i could see was the rain . 
 chapter 20 the next morning i woke to the soft sound of more rain on the roof . 
 i lay in bed , staring at the dark ceiling , trying to fall back asleep but not having any success . 
 my alarm clock told me it was only four in the morning . 
 i groaned and tried to close my eyes one last time , but my body was convinced it was lunchtime and that i needed to get up . 
 i realized that i hated jet lag with a passion . 
 i got up and walked into the kitchen , ready to start a pot of coffee and get something to eat . 
 halfway through the living room , i tripped on a laundry basket in the middle of the floor . 
 after shouting swear words at the plastic hamper and threatening to melt it into sporks , i turned on a light and successfully navigated to my coffee pot . 
 as i waited for the coffee to brew , i glanced around the small room . 
 even in the dim , pre-dawn light , it was a disaster area . 
 much like my life , i thought . 
 `` i 'm fixing this , '' i said aloud to no one . 
 i started by putting the dirty dishes in the dishwasher until the coffee pot sputtered to silence . 
 it felt good to organize and put things away , trying to tame the mess that was my life . 
 mug in hand , i started to clean up my living room . 
 three loads of laundry later , my house was spic-and-span again . 
 i glanced around the room , smiling at how it felt more like home . 
 i glanced at my phone on the now clean coffee table . 
 i had n't heard it buzz or chirp , and no light was flashing on it to indicate a new message . 
 before i could stop myself , i picked it up and looked just to make sure i had n't missed one . 
 empty . 
 no new messages . 
 i set it down , wondering if i should send owen the first message . 
 the blank screen stared up at me . 
 i was n't sure what part of the world he was in . 
 he never said whether he was going back to dubai or back to new york . 
 my fingers itched to text him , but i was the one who said i could n't live his executive lifestyle . 
 i was the one who had asked to go home . 
 i did n't want to get his hopes up for something i could n't give . 
 i regarded the silent phone for a moment , willing it to ring . 
 it simply sat there like the piece of plastic it was . 
 i felt like screaming . 
 i needed something to do . 
 if i sat here much longer , i was going to burst into tears and i did n't want to cry anymore . 
 the tears , anger , and hurt were all welling up in my chest , and i was n't ready to deal with any of it . 
 i wanted the illusion that things were the way they were supposed to be . 
 i went to the kitchen and started pulling out pots and pans , turning on the oven and pulling out my cookbooks . 
 if i could n't sit still , at least i could be productive . 
 flour covered my kitchen in no time as i went to work kneading bread , baking cookies , and using up all the baking supplies in my pantry . 
 i only had a few things in my fridge , so i could n't do much more than the basics . 
 after a run of cookies , a loaf of banana bread , and a failed experiment at egg-free brownies , i could go no further with my meager supply of groceries . 
 i knew i was n't going to eat all the things i had just baked , but at least it was now closer to lunch than to breakfast . 
 i picked up my phone , fully intent on calling marissa , and if i happened to check my messages as a result of said phone call , i was n't going to beat myself up about it . 
 no messages . 
 i wanted to pout , but instead i did what i had intended , and called marissa . 
 i knew allie was working today , but tuesdays were usually marissa 's day off . 
 all i got was a cheery sounding voice-mail recording . 
 `` hey , so , i 'm back in town . 
 give me a call when you get this . '' 
 i tried not to sound as dejected as i felt , but i knew she would see through me in an instant . 
 getting a call from a friend who is supposed to be on vacation saying they 're back in town is a pretty sure way to know something happened . 
 the urge to do something , anything , was growing stronger . 
 i needed to get out of the house . 
 there was n't anything for me here ; no reason for me to stay indoors . 
 i hopped in the shower , rinsed the flour out of my hair , and changed into jeans and a comfy shirt . 
 i did n't need to impress anyone today . 
 a piece of paper fluttered from the door jam as i opened the it . 
 my heart caught for a second as i thought of owen leaving me a note , but i quickly recognized the apartment building 's logo . 
 dear resident , we are sorry to inform you that the intercom and door lock system for your building is currently broken . 
 please note that visitors will be able to use the intercom to notify residents of arrival , but the two-way communication and door unlock features are currently unavailable . 
 the resident will have to manually open the door to allow visitors into the building . 
 we apologize for any inconvenience and hope to have this fixed as soon as possible . 
 sincerely , the management i crumpled the paper and tossed it into the trash bin before closing the door . 
 just my luck that the system would break , i thought . 
 then , i realized that i did n't have anyone to visit me anymore . 
 my annoyance disappeared into a fog of self-pity as i stepped out to my car . 
 i headed into downtown des moines , looking for something to do . 
 after driving aimlessly through the city , i decided i should at least get groceries . 
 i turned to head toward the highway when i saw the dome for the botanical gardens . 
 we were in front of the des moines botanical gardens , the big glass dome glowing slightly from an inner light . 
 owen stepped out of the car and immediately shrugged out of his jacket and draped it across my shoulders without even asking . 
 it was warm and smelled like his cologne . 
 i took a deep breath , my insides going tingly at being wrapped in the scent . 
 he grabbed my hand in his , his body heat seeping into my palm , and pulled me inside . 
 the memory hit me , and i turned into the parking lot unsure of what i was expecting to accomplish . 
 owen would n't be here with me this time . 
 but i wanted so desperately to feel a connection , to feel that glow of happiness . 
 i was going to just look inside , remember the good times , and then leave . 
 maybe it would help me find some closure . 
 inside the dome , the air was hot , humid , and sticky to the point of being uncomfortable . 
 children in matching t-shirts shrieked through the exhibits , weary looking guardians chasing slowly after them . 
 some sort of children 's tour was going on , filling the room with screaming kids . 
 i tried to work my way over to the waterfall where owen and i had eaten our picnic dinner . 
 it looked different in the daylight , the soft glow replaced by the harsh glare of the sun . 
 i could barely hear the musical song of the water falling over the loud screeching of sugar filled kids . 
 i stared at the waterfall for a moment , trying to recall exactly how it had felt the last time i was in this room , but instead of romantic kisses on my lips , strangers kept bumping into me . 
 everywhere i went , the crowd managed to jostle me . 
 i remembered the sweet scent of plumeria , and went to find one of the strange-looking trees . 
 i walked around the room , but could n't find a single one . 
 when i saw a tour guide pointing out various species of edible plants to several interested adults , i headed over and asked where a plumeria tree might be . 
 `` i 'm afraid we do n't have any plumeria here . 
 i saw one once in hawaii , though , and they sure are beautiful . 
 sorry about that , '' the young woman told me . 
 i sighed , thanked her and headed back to my car . 
 i was drained . 
 i did n't want to be out anymore . 
 my throat hurt from holding back tears , and i felt shaky and sick . 
 i just wanted to go back to bed . 
 so i hopped in my car , went home , and did exactly that . 
 *** i woke up early again the next day and immediately got groceries and then hid in my house before the rest of the world could wake up and bother me . 
 i still felt grouchy , and crowds were the last thing i wanted to deal with . 
 i was giving very strong consideration to simply becoming a shut-in and never having to deal with human beings again when marissa called . 
 `` hey you ! 
 allie and i are coming to get you at five-thirty to go to zoo brew with us , so you 'd better be ready , '' she said into the phone . 
 she had been texting me nonstop from the moment she thought i was awake until well after lunch when she decided to finally just call . 
 there was no doubt in her voice that i was going to go whether i wanted to or not . 
 `` marissa , i do n't know ... i mean i 'm still jet lagged , and . . '' 
 i said , trying to get out of it . 
 `` and there is beer and wine at the zoo . 
 allie and i already bought your ticket . 
 we had such a great time last year when we went , remember ? 
 come on , animals and alcohol ? 
 what could be more fun ? '' 
 i could tell she was n't going to take no for an answer . 
 remembering the good time we had dancing to live music and getting free wine samples at the adults only event last year made me smile . 
 `` all right . 
 i 'll get dressed and we can go . '' 
 `` sweet ! 
 we 'll come pick you up ! '' 
 i could hear her grin through the phone . 
 it was hard not to smile back when i thought of how big her smile could be . 
 when i set down the phone , i felt optimistic for the first time all day . 
 the zoo grounds were hot and humid . 
 it had rained early in the morning , but the sun came out around noon and instead of drying up the water , had just turned the outdoors into a sauna . 
 it was n't quite to summer levels of heat , but it bordered on uncomfortable . 
 even the animals looked just a little too warm as we wandered around the zoo , sipping on our plastic cups of wine from the local winery . 
 i told my two best friends the sterile version of what happened . 
 i had practiced it in the mirror , so i could say it without crying . 
 i had left dubai because the sheik 's son had tried to assault me . 
 owen and i were broken up . 
 it just was n't working out . 
 both women nodded sympathetically , keeping quiet until i changed the subject . 
 we wandered aimlessly , following the crowd , until we came to an animal enclosure . 
 adults were playing with the child-sized plastic peep hole , popping their heads up into a bubble in the middle of a prairie dog town . 
 `` i still ca n't believe you iowa folks think this counts as a zoo exhibit , '' marissa said shaking her head as she peered into the prairie dog exhibit . 
 `` seriously , back home , those things are freaking everywhere . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah , ms. new mexico , but they are n't here . 
 at least i 've never seen them , '' allie replied . 
 it was a zoo tradition for the three of us to stand here and say these lines . 
 it was comforting to hear them sound exactly the same , like nothing had ever changed . 
 `` it would be like having an exhibit on geese . 
 i 'm just tickled pink that you iowans put them in a zoo . '' 
 marissa leaned against the glass as we watched the little rodents scamper in and out of their holes , their high-pitched chirps almost making a song . 
 `` i think i 'd like an exhibit of geese , '' i said as i drank my wine . 
 `` you would , '' allie said , shaking her head . 
 i grinned at her . 
 she knew how much i loved walking the river in the spring and looking for baby goslings . 
 it was something i looked forward to every year . 
 `` let 's go look at the tiger . 
 that 's at least a real animal . '' 
 marissa shooed us away from the exhibit , pretending not to glance behind her as we left . 
 marissa had moved out to iowa five years ago from new mexico after a bad breakup , but she still considered new mexico her home . 
 i knew the prairie dogs were actually her favorite animals here , but that she would never admit it in public . 
 we dutifully walked toward the tiger enclosure , laughing as we joined a couple watching the tiger . 
 in the big cat 's pool , someone had placed what looked like an empty beer keg . 
 the tiger was having the time of his life playing with the giant floating toy . 
 i could see puncture marks through the metal and was glad he was on the other side of the glass . 
 the tiger crawled out of the water , then turned around and pounced on the floating keg . 
 the keg , of course , bobbed and dunked him into the water with a delightful splash . 
 the tiger popped to the surface a moment later with a look of surprise on his face . 
 `` aw look , the big kitty made kaylee smile , '' marissa said in a baby voice before she laughed and put her arm around me . 
 i almost punched her , but i knew she was only trying to help me have a good time . 
 the tiger had gotten a hold of the rim of the barrel and was pulling it out of the water , playing with the steel drum like a kitten with a new toy . 
 `` i think he 's adorable . 
 you know i 've always liked cats , '' i said nonchalantly . 
 allie grinned at me . 
 i finished the last of my wine , glad for a moment to feel normal . 
 this was how my life was supposed to be . 
 i loved spending time with my friends , visiting the zoo , and having a good time . 
 for a short minute , i was able to forget that my heart was broken and for that , i loved my friends even more . 
 `` well , i 'm out of wine , '' i stated , staring into my empty cup . 
 marissa raised her eyebrows , and allie shook her head when i did n't move to do anything about it . 
 `` so , go get more . 
 that 's the beauty of zoo brew . 
 i do n't think they 've run out of alcohol yet . '' 
 marissa pretended to check her watch , making me laugh a little . 
 `` alright , you two want seconds ? '' 
 allie and marissa both held out their empty glasses , their eyes back on the tiger . 
 `` hey ! 
 i am not your waitress ! 
 this is a self-serve kind of a place ladies , '' i chastised . 
 they both fell over in a fit of giggles at their supposed cleverness . 
 i shook my head at them , glad to have them in my life . 
 this day was actually becoming enjoyable because of them . 
 marissa hooked her arm around mine , and allie repeated the motion on the other side . 
 `` we 're off to see the wizard ... '' marissa began to sing , her voice horribly off key . 
 `` tiger here can be the cowardly lion , '' allie said , blowing the tiger a kiss as we began walking back toward the wine tent . 
 `` i want to be dorothy . 
 marissa , you 're the scarecrow . '' 
 `` why am i the scarecrow ? '' 
 marissa pouted . 
 `` because you got no brain , sweetie , '' allie said matter-of-factly . 
 i snickered as we turned the bend , walking directly toward the penguin enclosure . 
 my heart stopped as one of the little birds waddled out and dove into the cool water . 
 `` what about kaylee ? '' 
 marissa asked , oblivious to the fact that i had stopped walking and was staring at the black and white birds . 
 `` she 's the tin man , '' allie said softly , following my gaze and understanding immediately , `` because she 's lost her heart . '' 
 owen tossed a small sardine to one of the penguins , the little bird catching it in it 's mouth . 
 two more hurried up to him , all begging and splashing for the fishy treats . 
 owen chuckled and handed me the bucket of stinky fish . 
 his eyes were bright with amusement as he watched as the penguins waddle over like i was their new king . 
 he laughed , one of the black and white birds deciding my boot looked like a tasty treat and pecking at it voraciously . 
 they piled on top of one another , their funny bodies wiggling as they asked for more . 
 owen smiled at me like this was the best day of his life . 
 my lower lip started to tremble , and tears gathered at the back of my eyes . 
 i could practically see him there , laughing in delight at the funny , flightless birds . 
 they were his favorite animal . 
 a single tear broke through the dam , and suddenly i had buckets of tears pouring down my face . 
 the crack in my heart had finally broken wide , and there was no pretending it was fine now . 
 allie and marissa exchanged a quick glance before practically dragging me off to a park bench hidden behind some trees where we would n't be bothered . 
 i could n't see the penguins anymore , but it did n't matter . 
 the damage was done . 
 `` what have i done ? 
 i 've lost him , '' i sobbed into allie 's shoulder . 
 she tucked her chin against my head , holding me to her like a small child as she smoothed my hair . 
 `` i should have stayed . 
 i could have stayed and been okay . '' 
 `` no , honey , you could n't have . '' 
 marissa removed me from allie 's shoulder long enough to make me look at her . 
 `` you did the right thing . 
 you could n't have stayed there . '' 
 `` but ... but . . '' 
 i could n't find the words . 
 my nose was running , and i could n't breathe for crying . 
 marissa waited until i was calmer before she continued being my voice of reason . 
 `` kaylee , you did the right thing . 
 you were n't meant to be a part of that desert world . 
 and that 's okay . 
 you belong here . '' 
 she handed me a napkin so i could blow my nose . 
 `` but i love him . 
 i really do . '' 
 `` i know . 
 sometimes a fish and a bird fall in love , but that does n't mean they are going to build a nest and have little fish-bird babies , '' marissa said softly . 
 allie snorted at marissa 's bad analogy , and marissa gave her a dirty look . 
 `` you know what i mean . '' 
 a strand of hair fell across my face and marissa gently tucked it behind my ear with a soft smile . 
 `` what 's important is that you were happy . 
 i know the ' t is better to have loved and lost ' thing is cliche , but it 's still true . 
 i know it hurts right now , but it 's going to be okay . '' 
 i looked at her , tears still streaming down my face . 
 i felt so lost , even with my friends on either side of me . 
 marissa sighed . 
 `` i can throw some more cliches at you if it will help you feel better . '' 
 i knew she was hoping to get a smile out of me , but i could n't find one to give . 
 allie gave me a squeeze . 
 `` it sucks right now . 
 and it 's gon na suck for a while . 
 it will get better though . 
 you 'll get your happy ending someday , i promise . '' 
 allie gave me a hug . 
 i knew they were trying their best , but there were no magic words that could fill the hole in my heart . 
 i wished to heaven there were , but i knew it was just going to take time . 
 `` i 'm going to go get you some more wine . 
 i think you can use some drunk time , '' marissa said , putting a hand on my shoulder as she stood . 
 she gave me a squeeze and headed off in the direction of the wine tent . 
 i leaned my head back against allie 's shoulder , her blonde hair mixing with mine . 
 `` after this , we 'll head back to my place and drink crappy wine , watch crappy movies , and eat good ice cream . 
 okay ? '' 
 allie kept smoothing my hair with her hands , and i closed my eyes to her soothing touch . 
 `` no skimping on the ice cream . '' 
 i felt her smile as she looked down at me . 
 `` i would never even dream of such a thing . '' 
 i sat up , remembering all the cleaning and baking i had done . 
 there was no way i was going to eat all those cookies myself . 
 `` how about we do it at my place ? 
 it 's actually clean for once . '' 
 allie nodded and let me put my head back on her shoulder . 
 she resumed gently stroking my hair as she whispered , `` sure , kaylee , anything you want . '' 
 chapter 21 my head buzzed as i sat up , the room unfamiliar . 
 slowly , i realized i had fallen asleep on the floor in front of the tv . 
 the menu of a dvd was on loop , the instrumental song starting over every twenty seconds . 
 i hit the power button , the pain in my head decreasing as the annoying song went away . 
 i glanced at my watch , glad to see it was a little past ten instead of hours before dawn . 
 maybe my jet lag was finally wearing off . 
 marissa was snoring peacefully on the couch , the slight wheeze and chuckle rather endearing . 
 i looked around for allie , finally finding her curled up in the papasan chair , a blanket draped over her head . 
 i smiled at my friends , then frowned as i looked around at the mess they had made . 
 pizza boxes littered the floor , empty beer cans hiding among them . 
 three empty wine glasses sat on the coffee table , a row of shot glasses lined up neatly beside them . 
 how the shot glasses got there was a complete mystery to me , but i was sure i would hear about it once the girls woke up . 
 i picked up the pizza boxes , stacking them in a pile by the door . 
 i went to my room and threw on the first pants i found , and a light blue shirt . 
 i stepped outside , humidity hitting me in the face like a wet towel . 
 i was glad i had good air conditioning in my apartment . 
 it was already hot and muggy , the sky threatening to burst at any time . 
 back inside , allie and marissa were up and putting the glasses in the dishwasher , moving slowly but nonetheless getting things done . 
 allie gave me a big grin as i came back inside , then she grabbed her stomach and looked a little green . 
 marissa laughed at her , but the motion made her grab her bright red hair and grimace . 
 `` i think the shots might have been a mistake , '' she groaned . 
 `` no kidding . 
 how are you up and moving around , kaylee ? 
 you were slamming them back as fast as we were , '' allie groaned , closing the dishwasher . 
 i opened the fridge and gave them each a sports drink . 
 `` i guess i just hold my liquor better than the two of you . 
 i do n't remember doing shots , though , '' i answered . 
 `` that 's because you did n't . 
 you were passed out on the floor when someone decided it was a good idea . '' 
 marissa took a big sip of her drink and leaned against the counter , glaring at allie . 
 allie blushed . 
 `` i guess i really overdid it if i did n't realize kaylee was n't drinking hers . 
 no wonder i feel it today . '' 
 `` you two look like you might pass out or barf any minute now . 
 go sit on the couch and relax . 
 i 'll get the rest of this . 
 you guys took care of me last night . 
 i can take care of you this morning . '' 
 i shooed them toward the couch , but marissa stopped me . 
 `` honestly , i just want a shower and to crawl into my own bed . 
 thank you , kaylee , but i 'm going to head home . 
 besides , your shampoo sucks . '' 
 marissa gave me a weak smile to show she was n't trying to be mean . 
 `` i 'm with you on the going home , '' allie said quietly , holding her stomach like it might fall out if she let go . 
 `` thanks for the offer , kaylee , but i want to be miserable in my own bed . '' 
 `` all right . 
 how about i bring you two soup later then ? 
 it 's the least i can do , '' i said , helping them gather the last of their things . 
 `` that sounds fantastic . 
 make that chicken dumpling one for me ? '' 
 allie asked , seeming to perk up a little bit . 
 i nodded and promised as the two of them staggered zombie like down the hall . 
 they were going to need a lot more than soup to make those hangovers better . 
 back inside my own apartment , i cleaned up the last of our sleepover and organized the kitchen . 
 it was n't long before my phone chirped with a message from allie that they had both made it home safe and sound . 
 i played with the phone in my hand , toying with the idea of sending a message to owen . 
 i opened a message three times , stared at the blank page with no idea what to say , only to close it again . 
 what could i possibly say to owen that would make this better ? 
 i just had to deal with the fact that there was no easy way to fix this . 
 owen was gone . 
 thunder rumbled outside , making my neighbor 's dog bark . 
 technically the building did n't allow dogs , but somehow the dog was still there . 
 i knew emma would know how to calm the dog down from the storm . 
 i smiled at the thought of my sister , then looked down at the phone . 
 i was already on my speed dial page , my thumb poised over her number . 
 `` hey , kaylee , how 're you doing ? '' 
 emma 's voice was music to my ears . 
 i should have called her first thing when i got back instead of waiting this long . 
 `` crappy . 
 i assume you 've heard all about it , '' i said , settling into the couch . 
 `` yeah , but i 'd rather hear it from you . 
 i just had a meeting cancel on me , so i 've got some spare time . '' 
 i could just see her in my head , spinning around in an office chair and smiling at the phone . 
 i started by telling her about dubai , the skyscrapers and the hotel , then the dinner at the sheik 's house . 
 i told her how uncomfortable the sheik 's son made me , how he leered and made my skin crawl . 
 `` i should have known something was off about roger , but i thought he was harmless . 
 creepy , but harmless . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` the next day he got in my hotel room , emma . 
 he just walked right in like it was nothing . '' 
 `` i heard about that . 
 i 'm glad dean got there in time . 
 i 'm so sorry this happened to you , '' emma said softly . 
 i did n't trust my voice to answer right away . 
 `` emma , it 's all so messed up . 
 i told owen that we ca n't be together . 
 his life is in dubai and i wo n't , i ca n't , ever go back there . 
 that f ** king prick messed everything up . '' 
 i was surprised at my own anger , especially since i almost never cussed , but it felt good to call him a name . 
 `` well , i can completely understand why owen told the sheik off about it . 
 what his son did was completely inappropriate . '' 
 `` what do you mean , ` owen told the sheik off ? ' '' 
 i asked confused . 
 `` you mean he did n't tell you ? 
 it 's all jack 's been able to talk about for the past few days . 
 owen went completely berserk on him . '' 
 as emma told me what happened , i could see it all clearly in my head . 
 chapter 22 owen clicked the phone shut . 
 if he could have slammed the receiver down like on an old corded phone , he would have . 
 his hands shook as he held the phone in disbelief . 
 he 'd heard news reports of how western ex-pats had been mistreated in dubai , but nothing like this . 
 he walked out of the private room where he had excused himself to talk to dean , intent on giving the sheik one chance to make this right . 
 one chance . 
 in another moment , he was back at the negotiation table with the sheik . 
 owen 's usual poker face was gone , and the sheik noticed immediately . 
 `` is something wrong ? '' 
 `` yeah , something 's wrong alright . 
 your son just tried to assault my girlfriend , '' owen said . 
 a flash of anger crossed the older man 's face for a moment before it softened again . 
 anger at his son 's actions , owen hoped . 
 `` that 's a serious accusation , mr. parker . 
 an accusation that you should n't make lightly . '' 
 `` i 'm serious as a heart attack right now . 
 i have two witnesses , and probably the room service guy as well . 
 what are you going to do about this ? '' 
 owen 's eyes burned like fire . 
 al-saffar shrugged his shoulders . 
 `` i 'm sure the hotel staff will be more than happy to tell us what really happened later tonight . 
 in the meantime , let 's get back to the negotiations . '' 
 owen slammed his hand against the table . 
 `` we 'll be dealing with this right now , before you have a chance to get the hotel staff to change their stories , or these negotiations are over . '' 
 the sheik turned red , practically shaking with barely contained rage . 
 `` i 'm not sure i appreciate your tone , mr. parker . '' 
 owen stood up , walking to the window . 
 the burj khalifa gleamed in the distance , a sand storm preparing to engulf it from behind . 
 `` it 's a beautiful sight , the tower . 
 the tallest structure in the world . 
 the crown jewel of dubai . '' 
 `` please , let 's just return to negotiations for now ? 
 we can talk about this later , '' al-saffar said . 
 `` but it was n't able to be completed by just dubai , '' owen continued , looking out the window . 
 `` dubai ran out of money and needed to be bailed out by the united arab emirates , and so what was supposed to be the burj dubai was renamed the burj khalifa to honor the khalifa family for their support . '' 
 sheik al saffar remained silent . 
 this was a sore spot for all of dubai , and both men knew it . 
 `` but i 'm not sure ` burj khalifa ' is the right name for it either . 
 i think that you owe way too much to the west and that it 's time you recognized that . 
 i was thinking , maybe you should rename it the ` burj british petroleum ' . 
 or maybe ` wells fargo tower ' . '' 
 `` how dare you ... '' the sheik said from behind him . 
 owen cut him off . 
 `` or , you know , maybe just convert it to a marriott hotel . 
 either that or just let wal-mart buy the whole thing ; i 'm sure their sign would look great on the 150th floor . '' 
 `` listen here ... '' the sheik started . 
 `` no , you listen here , '' owen said , his voice rising as he turned around . 
 his finger shot out , pointing straight at the older man . 
 `` i 've noticed your son flirting with kaylee , and i 've noticed the looks he gives her when he thinks she 's not looking . 
 you either get him under control , or these negotiations are over . '' 
 al saffar jumped to his feet , his own voice roaring . 
 `` i think you 've forgotten who you 're talking to , mr. parker . 
 i think you 've forgotten that your name is n't daniel saunders . '' 
 owen laughed . 
 `` perhaps you have n't heard , but the owner 's name is jack now . '' 
 he walked to the table and picked up his briefcase . 
 `` these negotiations are over . 
 either call me when you 've come to your senses and have your son under control , or call saunders and let him know that the deal is off . '' 
 he walked toward the door . 
 `` you have no right - '' the sheik yelled after him , cut off by the sound of the door slamming behind owen . 
 *** `` he really did that ? '' 
 i asked , flabbergasted . 
 i knew owen had been angry , but i had no idea that he would go to those lengths . 
 `` yeah . 
 the sheik was pissed . 
 he woke jack up at 3 in the morning to tell him what owen did . '' 
 `` what did jack do ? '' 
 i hoped that owen was n't going to get in too much trouble over this , but i had a feeling that this was n't going to end well . 
 `` well , jack was furious at first . 
 this could ruin years of business negotiations . 
 billions of dollars lost . 
 i 've never seen jack that angry . '' 
 emma paused for a moment before continuing . 
 `` but when he calmed down enough to think straight , he realized he would have done the same thing in owen 's position . '' 
 `` what 's going to happen to owen ? '' 
 i asked , breathless . 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 the sheik demanded owen 's immediate dismissal , but i do n't know how jack is going to take that . 
 owen and jack have been locked in jack 's office for the past two days . 
 i have n't even been able to bring jack his hamburger today . '' 
 i could practically hear emma shrug her shoulders . 
 `` i wish i could tell you what 's going to happen , but i do n't have a clue myself . '' 
 `` will you let me know if anything happens ? '' 
 `` sure , but wo n't owen tell you first ? '' 
 `` um , well , we have n't talked since i got back to iowa , '' i said quietly . 
 `` what ? 
 not even a text ? '' 
 emma was shocked . 
 i knew her eyes would be wide open and her mouth would hang open just a little . 
 `` i told him we could n't be together . 
 i wish i would have known that he had confronted the sheik though . '' 
 i leaned my head back and looked up at the ceiling , trying to figure out what i should do . 
 i could n't think of a good answer . 
 `` oh , kaykay , '' emma said with a sigh . 
 `` i 'll tell him to call you next time i see him . 
 i 've got ta go back to work now . 
 are you going to be okay ? '' 
 i grimaced and rubbed my eyes , emotions tumbling around inside of me . 
 `` yeah , i 'll be fine . 
 thanks for talking to me . '' 
 `` anytime . 
 i 'll give you a call tomorrow , okay ? 
 love you ! '' 
 `` love you too , emma . '' 
 i hung up the phone and just stared at it in my hand . 
 wave after wave of emotions washed through me , each one pummeling the one before it until i was n't sure what i felt anymore . 
 awe that he had stood up for me like that . 
 love because he would risk so much . 
 anger that he had n't told me . 
 fear for what would happen to him . 
 despair that he was gone . 
 hopelessness for what would never be . 
 i lay down on the couch , curling up into a tight ball . 
 i did n't know what else to do , so i just closed my eyes and prayed for sleep . 
 chapter 23 i awoke with a start , nearly falling off the couch as the front door buzzed . 
 i had n't meant to doze off and the afternoon crept up on me . 
 i rubbed the sleep out of my eyes , glancing out the window . 
 it was raining again , the room bathed in a gray light . 
 the intercom buzzed again and i got up to answer it . 
 i hit ` answer ' only to be met with static . 
 right , i remembered , the buzzer 's broken . 
 have to go down and answer it in person . 
 i pulled my hair up into a messy ponytail , not even bothering to put on shoes for the quick trip down the stairs . 
 i hurried down and pushed open the locked main entrance door , not expecting the wind to rush out of my body and my heart to jump in my chest . 
 owen stood in the entrance . 
 he was wearing just simple jeans and a white button-up short-sleeved shirt , but he looked like a knight in shining armor to me . 
 he gave me a crooked smile as i opened the door . 
 `` hi , kaylee , '' he greeted me , running a hand through his rain soaked hair . 
 little droplets of water went flying , sparkling like diamonds as they fell . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i gasped in amazement . 
 i was sure he was going to disappear at any moment , that i was going to wake up and be back in my bed alone . 
 `` i told you that i 'd be back . 
 i just had some things i needed to do first . '' 
 his smile lit up my world . 
 i took a step forward , afraid he would shimmer and fade like a desert mirage . 
 he stepped forward and took my hands in his . 
 they were wet from the rain , but still warm and strong . 
 `` there 's something i need to tell you , kaylee . '' 
 his blue eyes searched my face , their crystalline depths holding me captive . 
 `` i quit my job . '' 
 `` what ? 
 why would you do that ? '' 
 i asked in surprise . 
 he smiled down at me and brushed a tendril of hair from my face . 
 `` because it was n't making me happy anymore . 
 you make me happy . 
 i could n't bear the thought of taking another trip without you . '' 
 i pulled back slightly in surprise . 
 `` but you love your job ! '' 
 `` no , i love the challenge of my job . 
 the job itself is immaterial . 
 without you , it was n't fun anymore . 
 when i was away from you , all i did was miss you . 
 i do n't want the job anymore . 
 i just want you . '' 
 he said it simply , as though it were nothing but fact , but it made my heart pound in my chest . 
 `` what about the sheik ? 
 and jack ? '' 
 `` oh , you heard about that ? '' 
 owen flushed slightly as he shrugged . 
 `` publicly , jack is going to fire me . 
 privately , i quit . 
 it saves face for jack and the company , the sheik gets what he wants , and i get what i want . 
 you . '' 
 i opened my mouth , but could n't find any words . 
 no one had ever made me as happy as owen did with that one small word : you . 
 he wanted only me . 
 `` there is one down side , though , '' he said , giving me a thoughtful look . 
 `` it does mean that we will have to be slightly frugal . 
 i wo n't have the paychecks from jack 's company rolling in anymore . '' 
 `` i 'll pick up extra shifts at the hospital , '' i said , only half-joking . 
 i would do whatever it took . 
 i was n't letting go of him ever again . 
 owen laughed and pulled me closer . 
 `` not that frugal ! 
 i still have a stake in the company , but we should probably just borrow jack 's private jet instead of buying our own . '' 
 `` that 's fine by me . 
 i hate flying anyway . '' 
 i could feel a silly grin spreading across my face , happiness bubbling up inside of me . 
 `` in the meantime , though , i am going to need a job . 
 i was wondering if you were still interested in opening that bed and breakfast . 
 maybe even having some help from your husband ? '' 
 he asked . 
 my mouth dropped open . 
 `` is this some kind of proposal ? '' 
 i asked . 
 owen leaned down , not answering the question . 
 his hair dripped rainwater onto my face as he kissed me softly . 
 my heart soared in my chest , every fiber of my being taking flight . 
 owen was mine and i was his . 
 we did n't have to be apart anymore . 
 `` yes , '' i said , not waiting for him to repeat the question . 
 `` a thousand times yes . '' 
 i leaned back in and kissed him again . 
 owen broke the kiss , and smiled down at me . 
 `` jack and emma met on vacation . 
 you are my vacation . 
 you are the person that makes me feel relaxed and wonderful . 
 wherever you are is home to me . '' 
 i reached up and touched his cheek , losing myself in his cobalt eyes . 
 `` i love you , owen parker . '' 
 `` i love you , kaylee larue . '' 
 and then he kissed me . 
 epilogue i stand anxious at the back of the church , smoothing the satin of my dress with sweaty palms . 
 i 'm not anxious about what i am doing ; i 'm anxious that i am going to trip or stutter in front of all these people . 
 i was meant to be with him , and this ceremony is just to show the world what we already know . 
 there is no anxiety about what i am doing when it comes to owen . 
 the organ music starts , filling the church with a beautiful melody . 
 i hold my bouquet of plumeria to my nose and inhale the delicate flowers once more . 
 these flowers are owen 's and mine . 
 they represent our love . 
 beautiful and sweet . 
 i smile , and step through the ornate wooden doors . 
 mom and dad walk on either side of me , the two of them beaming with pride as we move in time with the music . 
 mom is crying , but she keeps dabbing a kleenex to her eyes so her mascara does n't run . 
 dad 's lips are tight , but it 's to keep them from quivering as he walks his oldest daughter down the aisle . 
 i know they 're proud of me . 
 everything disappears . 
 i do n't see anything or anyone but owen . 
 the old church with its intricate stained-glass windows , the pews with red satin seats , the bridesmaids and the groomsmen , they all just seem to fade away . 
 the only person that matters is standing there , grinning , waiting for me to join him . 
 i kiss my parents , whispering that i love them as they let me go . 
 dad shakes owen 's hand and claps him on the shoulder . 
 i know i 'm blushing as owen reaches out his hand to help me up onto the dais . 
 owen 's hands are as clammy as mine , and we grin at one another . 
 i 'm happier right now than i ever thought possible . 
 in this moment , everything is perfect . 
 the minister begins speaking , but i 'm not looking at him . 
 i 'm looking at the man i 'm marrying , the man who holds the key to my heart . 
 i glance out at the people watching us , noticing them for the first time , and seeing only smiles and tears of joy . 
 i can see my sister from the corner of my eye , smiling as a tear runs down her cheek . 
 she does n't bother wiping it away , unashamed at her joy . 
 marissa and allie stand behind her , the two of them grinning like this is the best day of their lives . 
 i know it certainly is for me . 
 the minister asks owen a question , and he looks at me with eyes more blue than i 've ever seen . 
 `` i do , '' he says , his voice shaking with emotion but full of confidence . 
 jack hands him a ring , and owen carefully slides the stone onto my left hand . 
 it sparkles in the light , full of hope and promise . 
 the minister turns to me , and i make the same promise , emma handing me a platinum man 's ring . 
 owen mouths , `` i love you , '' as i slip it on his finger . 
 i smile and almost kiss him right there , but catch myself just in time . 
 i lose myself in owen 's eyes , surprised when i finally hear the words i 've been waiting my whole life to hear . 
 owen grins , happiness radiating out of him as he reaches for me and our lips meet . 
 i can hear people cheering , but it 's nothing compared to the joy inside my head . 
 i capture this moment in my mind , treasuring every detail like a precious jewel . 
 someday , i will tell my grandchildren of this moment and how , even though we were indoors , it tasted like rainwater kisses . 
