 chapter 1 present day the cursor blinked steadily on the laptop screen in front of me , but i barely saw the dark pixels repeatedly dimming against the stark whiteness . 
 i could n't focus on writing the memo jack requested , or even the website i had up in the background . 
 my thoughts were n't even organized or even actual thoughts ; i was just letting nothingness sit in my brain . 
 the blank thoughts were a pleasant respite from the emotions running through the house . 
 a hand settling on my shoulder roused me from my silent thoughts . 
 jack saunders , my boss and friend , gave me a small smile . 
 `` how 's that memo coming , rachel ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i sighed . 
 `` it 's not . 
 what did the doctor say ? '' 
 jack 's face fell a little . 
 he sat down at the kitchen table next to me and played with the edge of the big wooden table . 
 i could have worked anywhere in the saunders ' mansion , but i preferred the kitchen 's warmth and sunny feeling in the mornings . 
 the big country-style table was comfortable and i could hear the sounds of the house without being disturbed . 
 big bay windows let in the morning sun , the leaves outside were just starting to turn orange and rust . 
 i loved being in upstate new york in the fall . 
 `` it 's not looking good . 
 he says it 's probably only a matter of days at this point . '' 
 his voice stayed even , but the sharp lines of his tightened jaw betrayed his anguish . 
 i reached over and put my hand on top of his , sharing his pain . 
 his hazel eyes stared out the window , but i knew he was n't looking at the trees . 
 jack and his father had played football under those trees . 
 i could almost see them now , the older saunders man chasing his eldest son around , the two of them laughing in the orange light . 
 `` does robbie know ? '' 
 in my mind 's eye , the younger brother joined jack and his father . 
 the two boys tackled the bigger man and all three of them rolled around in the leaves as their laughter echoed through the years . 
 although i was jack 's senior by sixteen years , they had occasionally let me join them . 
 jack and robbie ran the ball against daniel and i. somehow , the boys always managed to win . 
 `` he knows it 's bad , '' jack said . 
 `` i tried to call him , but he wo n't answer and he ditched his security again . 
 probably out on his boat . '' 
 jack tried to keep the anger out of his voice . 
 even though the two brothers looked similar , tall with sandy brown hair and strong features , they could n't be more different . 
 jack 's devotion to the company his father had started was in sharp contract to robbie , who wanted nothing to do with being responsible for anything more than his boat . 
 `` do n't be mad at him , jack , '' i said . 
 `` this is hard for him , too , '' i said . 
 jack mumbled something about robbie really needing to grow up . 
 i sighed . 
 this was a common source of tension between the two brothers . 
 jack had been groomed for responsibility from the day he was born , whereas robbie had been mostly left to his own devices . 
 i always got the feeling that mr. and mrs. saunders just never knew what to do with robbie . 
 now the owner and ceo of ds oil and gas , jack ran it with a sure hand , while the tabloids portrayed robbie as a drunken playboy who spent all his time sailing . 
 i knew the two brothers loved one another , but their different priorities made it difficult for them to agree on anything . 
 `` jack ? '' 
 emma 's voice called from down the hallway . 
 jack straightened in his seat and turned as his beautiful wife entered the kitchen . 
 `` jack , you left your phone in the study . 
 it rang , so i answered for you . 
 you 're needed at the office . '' 
 jack 's shoulders sagged . 
 i knew the last place he wanted to be was at the office , but the company was his responsibility . 
 emma came behind him and wrapped her arms around his shoulders , gently kissing his cheek . 
 her long , dark hair spilled across his shoulder as she loved on him . 
 his lip twitched into a small smile after she whispered something in his ear . 
 i honestly enjoyed watching them ; i had witnessed their courtship from the day jack had brought her to new york after meeting her on vacation . 
 emma and jack had met on a tropical beach vacation a little over a year and a half before . 
 unknown to everyone in the saunders ' family , they had decided to get married on a beach just for fun . 
 it was out of character for my usually pragmatic and responsible jack , but he kept telling me it was an act of rebellion that was n't supposed to have consequences . 
 since it was n't a legal ceremony , it would have ended there , except the tabloids were given pictures . 
 i had been up to my eyeballs trying to keep that from exploding into a pr nightmare . 
 i had n't been sure of emma 's motives when i flew out to iowa to pick her up and bring her to new york for damage control , but she turned out to be genuinely warm and full of integrity . 
 it was easy to love emma . 
 she was undemanding , and fell in love with jack for jack . 
 she loved him for him , and not for his money . 
 i could n't have asked for someone better to be with the man i considered a little brother . 
 i had cried tears of joy at their wedding , knowing their love story was one for the ages . 
 `` do you need me to go with you ? '' 
 i asked , mentally prepping the things i would need to get together for a trip into the city . 
 i was jack 's personal assistant . 
 his right hand man , so to speak . 
 if he needed something done , i was the one he turned to . 
 i had been looking after his interests since he was a boy . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no , we 've been waiting on the new contracts from dubai to come in . 
 i just need to sign them and make sure they are correct . 
 i would rather have you here , with dad . 
 if anything happens ... '' `` then rachel and i will take care of things , '' emma said . 
 she kissed the top of his head , and he seemed to draw strength from her . 
 `` i 'll make sure raoul keeps the helicopter on standby for you , '' i said , pulling out my phone and typing messages that would alert his helicopter pilot and jack 's secretary to be readily available . 
 if he needed to come home quickly , i wanted everything in place . 
 `` thanks rach . '' 
 jack took a deep breath and emma untangled him from her arms as he stood . 
 the world seemed to rest on jack 's shoulders as he looked out the window . 
 daniel saunders ' health had been failing for a long time . 
 the speed at which the cancer spread had caught us all by surprise , and had caused the business to go into jack 's keeping earlier than expected . 
 despite having almost two years to prepare for his impending death , none of the saunders family or staff was dealing with it well . 
 jack gave his shoulders a shake , settling the weight across them evenly and standing taller . 
 he kissed emma on the cheek and gave me a smile before heading to the helicopter pad on the far side of the house . 
 emma watched him walk away , her lips pressed together as he rounded the corner and disappeared from sight . 
 `` how are you doing ? '' 
 emma asked . 
 she stood behind me , looking out the window , with her hands on my shoulders . 
 `` i know you and daniel are close . '' 
 i pressed my palms into my cheeks and placed my elbows on the table . 
 i was trying to ignore the horrible ache in my chest . 
 daniel saunders was the closest thing to a father i ever had . 
 he was the man i gave a card to on father 's day . 
 he was the one who listened to my worries and ideas . 
 he was n't just the father of my boss ; he was my friend . 
 the thought that i was going to lose him terrified me . 
 emma rubbed my back gently , small soothing circles as i swallowed down a sob . 
 she did n't say anything , just kept the comforting circles going on my back . 
 i did n't want to cry . 
 crying meant it was real and i did n't want that . 
 emma gave me a small squeeze . 
 `` never mind , then , '' she said . 
 i could feel her bright green eyes studying me for a moment . 
 `` would you like some good news to cheer you up ? 
 i 've felt strange telling anyone with everything going on , but i think it might make you feel better . '' 
 i nodded , concentrating on her voice . 
 an uneasy tension permeated the house since daniel took to his bed . 
 it took an incredible amount of energy to keep walking on the invisible eggshells , and despite daniel 's pleas to lighten up , it felt sacrilegious to laugh or do anything normal with the death of a man we all loved looming over us . 
 i decided i could use a little good news . 
 emma 's joyful grin infused her voice as she spoke . 
 `` kaylee 's pregnant . '' 
 my face split into a grin . 
 kaylee , emma 's older sister , had recently found love . 
 owen had been jack 's vice president of fuel marketing until he quit to be with kaylee . 
 i had n't spent much time with kaylee , other than at emma 's wedding and a shopping trip , but i had a gut feeling that she would be be a wonderful mother . 
 i was more excited for emma , enjoying her joyfulness at being an aunt . 
 `` how is she handling it ? 
 especially since she and owen are running that bed and breakfast . '' 
 it felt good to talk about something that did n't affect me . 
 emma laughed . 
 `` like she handles everything . 
 perfectly . 
 she says the nausea is n't so bad , and owen has been taking care of the bed and breakfast side of things . 
 they are pretty much perfectly happy . '' 
 `` good . 
 i like knowing someone is happy . '' 
 i really liked the warm , fuzzy feeling knowing someone 's world was working out the way it should . 
 `` when is she due ? '' 
 `` late april . 
 they 've known for a little while , but they wanted to make sure before they told anyone . 
 my parents are so crazy excited . 
 it 's all they talk about now . 
 i 'm just nervous they are going to start asking me when i 'm going to give the little bean some cousins . '' 
 emma 's nervous expression at the future question made me smile . 
 `` yeah , when are you going to get knocked up ? 
 i want to be aunt rachel . '' 
 i gave her an evil grin . 
 i knew jack and emma wanted to wait a little while to have kids , but it was too easy a target not to tease her . 
 emma gave me a playful push , and we both giggled softly in the kitchen . 
 it felt good to smile , if just for a moment . 
 a new life was always something to smile about . 
 footsteps entered the kitchen , and both our faces quickly schooled to reserved dignity . 
 emma turned and gave the source of the footsteps a welcoming smile , her shoulders relaxing as she recognized the intruder . 
 i turned , and my shoulders tightened , butterflies suddenly dancing the mambo in my stomach . 
 seeing dean always made my insides quiver like a teenage girl with a crush . 
 dean stood nonchalantly in the doorway . 
 his worn leather jacket hung casually across comfortable jeans , his lithe muscled body giving the fabric beautiful contours . 
 he looked relaxed , but i knew he was always working . 
 his light blue eyes were always active , his muscles ready for anything . 
 he took his job as emma 's bodyguard very seriously . 
 he gave us both a smile as greeting . 
 `` emma , will you be staying on the grounds for the rest of the evening ? 
 i saw the helicopter prepping and wanted to check with you . '' 
 dean gave his full attention to emma . 
 since i was with emma much of the time , it was often the three of us . 
 `` i 'll be staying here . '' 
 her eyes grew big for a moment as she realized something . 
 `` has jack left yet ? 
 i wanted him to drop something important off at the office . '' 
 dean glanced at his watch . 
 `` if you hurry , you 'll catch them . 
 they 're just finishing the flight plan and takeoff checklist . '' 
 `` thanks , dean . 
 i 'll be back in a bit , rachel , '' emma said . 
 she touched my shoulder as she stood to go catch her husband . 
 i had n't expected her to become such a close friend , but i loved having her around . 
 she kept herself busy managing a wildlife rehabilitation fund , but she loved it and it allowed her to work on a regular basis with jack . 
 dean stepped out of the hallway to allow emma to leave . 
 she gave him a quick smile as she passed , hurrying up the stairs to fetch whatever it was she needed . 
 i felt a quiver start in my stomach at the thought of being alone in a room with dean . 
 `` i heard about daniel , '' he said , stepping back into the kitchen . 
 `` how are you doing ? '' 
 his blue eyes held genuine concern . 
 i wished that he could just wrap me up in his strong arms and tell me everything was going to be okay . 
 i wished that we could have a chance at being together , but i knew that just was n't going to happen . 
 for one moment , i just wanted my heart not to feel torn . 
 `` i 'm okay . 
 it does n't feel real . 
 i keep expecting him to bounce down the stairs with a naughty grin and tell us all that it was just an elaborate , horrible prank . '' 
 i gave him a weak smile . 
 i could see the hesitation in his body language . 
 he wanted to come and comfort me , but we both knew that would be a bad idea . 
 there was too much potential energy between us . 
 `` did emma tell you about kaylee ? '' 
 dean asked . 
 i wanted him to leave so that i did n't have to think about him , but i also really just wanted him to stay . 
 he took a step closer to the table , leaning his tall frame against the empty chair emma had been sitting in . 
 i could barely smell his cologne , masculine and clean , from here . 
 my heart started speeding up in my chest . 
 `` she did . 
 you know kaylee better than i do , but she seems like she will make a great mother . '' 
 it still surprised me at how easy it was to talk to him . 
 the few times we had been left alone together , dean always outmaneuvered my initial awkwardness and made it easy to talk to him . 
 the last time we had started talking like this , we ended up picking emma up late because we lost track of time . 
 he gave me one of his notorious smiles and nodded . 
 `` she is going to be great . 
 owen too . '' 
 i brushed a strand of hair off of my cheek , suddenly feeling self-conscious about my appearances . 
 i knew i should n't care , but i did . 
 i wanted to say something incredibly witty and funny , something that would make him laugh and make his blue eyes sparkle . 
 just as i was about to speak , dean 's phone beeped . 
 `` excuse me , '' he said , clicking the headset in his ear . 
 he stepped out toward the hall , leaving me with my thoughts . 
 i may have watched his ass as he walked out , though . 
 i could hear him in the hallway as emma came back into the kitchen . 
 `` you should go talk to him , '' she said , sitting back down in her chair . 
 `` daniel 's awake ? 
 i did n't want to disturb him . '' 
 emma gave me an exasperated look . 
 `` not daniel . 
 dean . '' 
 `` why would i want to do that ? '' 
 i tried my best to sound aloof , but i could feel a blush starting to warm my skin . 
 `` because , ms. blushy-face , i see the way the two of you look at one another . 
 i see the way his eyes gravitate to you when you walk in a room , the way you suddenly start blushing and fixing your hair whenever he 's close . 
 anyone who knows you could see there is something between the two of you . '' 
 she crossed her arms and gave me a look that dared me to deny it . 
 `` emma , it ca n't happen . 
 the saunders have a strict no-dating policy between employees . 
 it 's a clause in our contracts . '' 
 a clause daniel made very clear to me when dean was hired , i thought to myself . 
 i crossed my arms and gave her a equally stubborn look . 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` i 'm sure jack would give you an exemption from the policy if you asked , '' emma answered . 
 `` it 's in every employee 's mandated contract . 
 that 's not something that jack can change without approval from the board of directors . 
 even if he wanted to , jack would have to jump through some serious hoops to do it , with no guarantee that the board will even allow it . '' 
 i fiddled with the pad of paper on the desk next to my computer . 
 emma made an exasperated noise . 
 `` rachel , it 's obvious that the you two have feelings for one another . 
 screw the policy and follow your heart . '' 
 i turned slowly and gave emma my full attention . 
 `` that is a sweet and romantic notion , but it is n't a feasible one . 
 we breach our contracts , and we 'd never be hired in this town again . 
 my non-disclosure agreement would make it impossible for me to switch clients , and dean 's considered a ` loose cannon ' , especially after the incident protecting your sister in dubai . 
 if he was fired for messing around with the boss 's personal assistant , he would be un-hireable , regardless of the reason . 
 that 's not a risk that either one of us is willing to take . '' 
 emma pouted her lips . 
 i knew she would be contemplating a way around our employee contracts , but i was n't going to try and stop her . 
 i hoped she would just forget the whole thing and let dean and me handle this ourselves . 
 despite our `` obvious attraction '' , what we were doing was working . 
 it involved a lot of ignoring one another and simply making sure we did n't put ourselves in tempting positions . 
 it had worked so far . 
 `` fine . 
 i get it . 
 you signed a contract , and losing your job is a bad thing . '' 
 emma glared at me , but i held firm . 
 this was n't something she could change . 
 it was how it was . 
 `` thank you . 
 i know you mean well , but just leave it alone , please . '' 
 i gave her a serious look . 
 she sighed and nodded . 
 `` i wo n't press it again . 
 i 'll let you get back to work . 
 i 'll see you at dinner , though , right ? '' 
 emma gave me a hopeful smile . 
 i nodded . 
 everything was back to normal . 
 emma wandered out of the kitchen , and i could hear the stairs creak as she made her way up to the guest room she used as an office when she stayed out here . 
 i turned back to the computer screen , the blank page still mocking me . 
 i closed my eyes , took a deep breath , and then tried to dive into my work and forget the way dean 's eyes crinkled when he smiled . 
 chapter 2 june 5th , 1990 an old man walked by wearing a speedo swimsuit that left nothing to the imagination . 
 you 've got guts , dude , i thought , and then snickered in my head . 
 yup . 
 you 've got guts - and that 's the problem ! 
 the man continued to strut up the beach , but my eyes did n't follow him . 
 i was pretending to read a book , laying on my stomach facing the ocean , but really i was just people watching . 
 i had read the same paragraph four times and had n't turned the page yet . 
 the tourists were just too interesting . 
 granted , i was a tourist too , but that was n't going to stop me from people watching . 
 my roommate , jenny , nudged my beach chair with her foot , tipping her head toward the man who had just walked by . 
 i peeked over the top of my ray ban sunglasses just in time to see him scratch himself . 
 `` thanks , jenny , '' i said , sticking my tongue out at her . 
 she gave me a innocent smile and made sure the long brown hair in her side ponytail was still tight against her head . 
 `` no problem , rachel . 
 i thought you would appreciate that , '' she said with a laugh as i rolled my eyes at her . 
 `` even with a view like that , i am having a great vacation . 
 this was a great idea , kimberly . '' 
 kimberly leaned forward on the opposite side of me and adjusted her big floppy hat with a satisfied grin . 
 this trip had been all her doing . 
 her aunt owned a little vacation condo a few miles from the beach and was renting it to us three girls for practically nothing . 
 pooling our money together for gas , we had taken a road trip in jenny 's beat-up station wagon and were now enjoying a week of fun in the sun . 
 it was the perfect way to celebrate our graduation . 
 `` hey , would one of you put some more lotion on my back ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i think i can feel it starting to burn . '' 
 i pulled myself into a sitting position and dug under the chair for the bottle of sunscreen . 
 kimberly opened her hands like a football player so i could toss the bottle in her direction . 
 i pulled my long dark hair out of the way as she squirted the white goop onto her hands and began working it into my skin . 
 `` are you painting on her back ? '' 
 jenny asked , watching kimberly draw designs into my skin with her fingertips . 
 i did n't mind ; it felt nice , and i knew she would rub it all in eventually . 
 if she left it and gave me weird tan lines , she knew i would get her back . 
 `` just seeing a pattern in her freckles , '' kimberly said as she traced a circle on my skin . 
 i looked at jenny and the two of us began to giggle . 
 kim was renowned in the art department for her abstract art pieces . 
 she had a tendency to see things very differently . 
 all three of us had just graduated from college with our bachelors of fine arts degrees . 
 i sported a new fashion and design specialty , jenny was marketing , and kimberly had drawing and painting . 
 `` you get me burned with one of your abstract designs , and i will put cockroaches under your pillow , '' i warned her . 
 kimberly laughed , but she hastily rubbed her design out and focused on making sure i did n't burn . 
 jenny snickered and settled back into her beach chair with her book . 
 it looked like she was getting as much reading done as i was . 
 `` there , all done . '' 
 kimberly patted my back gently , and i turned and gave her a smile . 
 she was small and petite with light blonde hair and green eyes . 
 she fixed the floppy hat on her head , then rubbed some extra sunscreen into her pale arms before handing the bottle back to me . 
 i settled back down with my book , glancing out at the waves . 
 blue water glistened along the shoreline . 
 it was a quiet beach attached to a small town on the gulf side of florida . 
 the sand was white and fine , the waves soft and refreshing , and the town warm and friendly . 
 it was probably going to be the last time the three of us would be together , now that we had all graduated . 
 `` you get any responses on those internships ? '' 
 kimberly asked me . 
 i shook my head . 
 it was kind of a sore spot for me . 
 kimberly had a job lined up in california . 
 jenny had an internship in chicago . 
 i had applied for several positions with designers in new york , chicago , and even paris , but so far i had n't heard any responses . 
 `` i talked to my aunt last night , and there have n't been any phone calls , '' i said . 
 `` she checked our mail , but all we have is an electric bill . '' 
 i shrugged my shoulders . 
 my senior design piece was created with a pregnant woman in mind , and while my professors loved it , it was n't exactly what high-fashion designers were looking for . 
 i had meant to make something that would appeal more to the industry , but the fabric had just sewn itself together . 
 the dress had willed itself into being . 
 at least i had gotten an a. `` you 'll hear something soon . 
 your stuff is good . 
 you know i would n't be able to get dressed without you half the time , '' jenny said . 
 i laughed . 
 jenny loved the flamboyant colors and patterns so prevalent in the current trends . 
 she would wear so many colors it would make my eyes hurt to look at her if i did n't tell her to at least tone it down a little . 
 maybe not wear the flannel with the neon blue and pink patterned shirt . 
 `` well , at least i 've still got my job at charlie 's . '' 
 i tried to sound upbeat , but compared to my roommates ' successes , it was hard to be happy about my art-supply store job . 
 neither of my friends said anything , but just gave me supportive smiles as we all settled back into quiet . 
 the gentle murmur of the ocean shushed at our feet as we all pretended to read . 
 i turned a page , finally making it past that last sentence , when i saw him . 
 he was tall . 
 and handsome . 
 and just a whole handful of whoa . 
 i was very glad i had dark sunglasses , because i was most definitely staring . 
 just down the beach , the most beautiful man i had ever seen was emerging from the water . 
 his dark hair was cut short , and he ran a hand through it , sending a spray of crystal drops through the air . 
 i could see every perfect muscle from my chair , his body lithe and lean . 
 his muscles were n't bulky , but instead were toned and perfectly proportioned . 
 a tattoo of an eagle with spears clutched in its talons screamed out from his delicious-looking shoulder . 
 he glanced over , and i felt my heart stop . 
 his eyes peered right at me , and i could feel a blush starting to form as that adonis of a man looked at me . 
 i pretended to be very interested in my book , not wanting to be caught looking . 
 when i glanced back up , he was greeting two more perfect specimens of the male species standing at the water 's edge . 
 all three of them had the same tattoo on their respective shoulders and all three were drool worthy . 
 the three men walked casually down the beach and away from us . 
 i was sad to see them go . 
 they were so much better to look at than speedo guy . 
 my beach chair shook as jenny kicked it hard . 
 `` did you see those hot military guys ? '' 
 she asked , excited . 
 `` the ones with the tattoos ? 
 yeah . 
 why ? '' 
 i could hear the wheels turning in her head as she began plotting . 
 `` i think the one with the dark hair was looking at me . '' 
 she gave me a sly half-smile . 
 he was looking at me ! 
 i wanted to yell at her , but it would n't matter anyway . 
 for all i knew , she was right . 
 he could have even been looking at kimberly . 
 `` i think we should find them tonight . '' 
 `` you 're boy crazy , '' i told her with a roll of my eyes . 
 she licked her lips , and i knew that tonight , we were going to be in for a man hunt . 
 jenny had a thing for men in uniform , and there was no way she was going to be talked out of having a good time trying to find them tonight . 
 `` yeah , but you know that you 're going to benefit from it , '' she answered with a grin . 
 `` besides , it 's a vacation . 
 we deserve a little something nice . '' 
 kimberly groaned softly . 
 i just shook my head at jenny , but i knew we were going to have a good time . 
 chapter 3 june 5th , 1990 - evening that night , in the tiny beach town , jenny , kimberly , and i were dressed to kill . 
 jenny wore shiny black leggings that emphasized her dancer-like legs with a purple and gold shirt , while kimberly chose some amazing acid-washed jean shorts with a neon green tank-top . 
 i had on a hot pink mini skirt with an oversized teal t-shirt hanging off one shoulder . 
 we had used up a bottle of hairspray getting ready , so our hair looked fantastic , despite the humidity . 
 we were ready to have some fun . 
 we headed down to the main bar in town . 
 it was called `` the pirate 's revenge '' but everyone knew it as just `` revenge . '' 
 half of the venue was open to night air , music blasting out and the lights twinkling into the darkness . 
 it was the place to be . 
 jenny giggled and grabbed my hand , pulling me urgently toward the welcoming lights . 
 if those military boys were anywhere tonight , they were at this bar . 
 we stepped inside , adjusting our eyes to the revolving colored disco lights , and there they were . 
 all three of them were leaned up against the bar , their jeans showing off perfect asses . 
 their t-shirts were ripped , and i could see how muscular they were underneath their clothing . 
 one guy 's shirt was a particularly bright shade of red and another had a gorgeous mane of blonde hair . 
 however , `` blondie '' and `` redshirt '' were n't the guys that i was really checking out . 
 the dark-haired one i liked was laughing at a joke blondie had told . 
 i did a quick check , and while there were no girls currently hanging on them , hungry looks abounded . 
 we would have to move fast if we did n't want competition . 
 jenny sidled up to the bar , wedging herself between a bar-stool and the dark-haired one who had been looking at me earlier . 
 he turned and gave her a once-over , a cocky half-smile crossing his lips . 
 the other two raised their eyebrows as she used her sexiest voice , though it was hard to hear over the music . 
 `` hey , soldier . '' 
 the handsome , dark-haired man set his drink down on the bar , careful not to spill it . 
 behind him , blondie nudged redshirt . 
 they gave us appreciative smiles before turning to hear what the dark-haired man said to jenny . 
 `` hey , yourself . '' 
 the dark-haired man 's voice was even better than i could have expected . 
 i could have listened to him talk all day . 
 `` can i buy you a drink ? '' 
 jenny said , flirting shamelessly . 
 i fought the urge to roll my eyes , especially since i knew she would be hitting kimberly and me up for the cash later to pay for it . 
 `` of course , '' he said . 
 `` whiskeys all around , then . '' 
 he grinned at her as he called to the bartender and ordered the house whiskey . 
 i wanted to play in this game too , so i slid in between him and the blonde friend . 
 kimberly was hot on my heels . 
 `` i 'll take one too , '' i chimed in . 
 the dark-haired man turned and raised his eyebrows at me . 
 i finally got a look at those crystal clear blue eyes of his . 
 i could lose myself in those eyes . 
 `` you like whiskey ? '' 
 he gave me that cocky half-grin , and i could n't help but smile back . 
 `` make mine a double , '' i said to the bartender as he poured out a row of drinks . 
 mr. tall-dark-and-handsome gave me an approving nod as we all reached for a drink . 
 `` what are we toasting to ? '' 
 blondie asked as we raised our glasses . 
 `` to meeting new friends , '' jenny shouted right away . 
 we all grinned , clinked our glasses , and drank . 
 the amber liquid gave a satisfying burn as it went down , and a happy warmth starting to tingle in my limbs . 
 this was going to be a good night . 
 jenny set her empty glass on the bar . 
 `` i 'm jenny . 
 this is rachel , and that 's kimberly . '' 
 `` i 'm dean , '' the dark-haired man said with a smile . 
 his blue eyes twinkled in the dim light . 
 `` i 'm matt , and this here 's anthony , '' blondie added , tipping his head toward the tannest of the three . 
 `` call me tony . '' 
 redshirt gave all three of us girls a big grin , but his brown eyes lit up when they met with kimberly 's . 
 i could practically hear cupid 's arrow fly past me and skewer the two of them , even with the bar music playing overhead . 
 `` so , dean , where are you boys stationed ? '' 
 jenny asked , fluttering her eyelashes . 
 i gave matt a shy smile as i played with my glass , rolling it around between my fingers . 
 he was big and tall ; i guessed he had probably played football in high school given his build , and i would have happily had another drink with him , but his eyes were glued on jenny . 
 `` what makes you think we 're stationed anywhere ? '' 
 dean said , leaning his back against the bar , able to see jenny on his right and me and everyone else on his left . 
 `` your tattoos . '' 
 jenny brushed her hand against his arm where the eagle 's claws poked out under his shirt sleeve . 
 `` i like tattoos . 
 you wan na see mine ? '' 
 dean stiffened slightly at her touch . 
 it was as though he finally realized that she was focusing her attention on him , and that the rest of us were watching to see what happened next . 
 he frowned slightly as he tried to figure out what to say without turning her down . 
 `` dean 's not big on tattoos , but i 'll show you mine if you 'll show me yours . '' 
 matt jumped into the conversation before dean found the words he was looking for . 
 i hid a small smile as i turned towards the bar , looking for the bartender to order another drink . 
 matt 's eyes had n't left jenny from the moment she walked in . 
 there was no way he was going to let her walk out with anybody else . 
 jenny looked matt up and down for a moment , then glanced at dean . 
 a slow smile crossed her face as she realized she had a sure thing with the muscular blonde man . 
 how did the saying go ? 
 `` a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush . '' 
 it was almost magic as she shifted herself away from dean and next to matt . 
 `` buy me a drink ? '' 
 she purred , oozing desire . 
 matt 's face broke out in a goofy smile , and he waved the bartender over . 
 the bartender actually paid attention to him , and scuttled back down the bar with two fresh beers . 
 matt threw some money on the bar and wrapped his big arm around jenny , leading her off toward a booth . 
 i knew she was going to be having company tonight . 
 i managed to catch the bartender before he disappeared again , ordering myself a beer . 
 `` i guess that leaves just you and me , '' dean said , putting money on the bar for my beer before i had the chance . 
 i glanced beside me to see that kimberly and tony had vanished into a dark corner of the bar together . 
 looking at dean , though , i was n't sad . 
 i was glad to have him all to myself . 
 `` i 'll get the next one , then , '' i said as the bartender whisked the money away before i could tell him otherwise . 
 `` deal . '' 
 the man had a wicked grin . 
 it was just lopsided enough to give him such a cockiness that i could n't decide if i wanted to smack it or kiss it off his face . 
 `` it was dean , right ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i was doing my best to play nonchalant , but it was hard . 
 with those blue eyes , and rippling arm muscles , he could have had me on the bar right there . 
 dean nodded . 
 `` so , what are three lovely ladies doing in a town like this ? '' 
 the corners of his eyes crinkled as he smiled and sipped on his drink from before we arrived . 
 `` we just got out of school . 
 we 're celebrating while we still have loan money and before real life sets in . 
 what about you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 it took conscious effort not to inch closer and touch him . 
 `` we 're on leave . 
 we have to head back out at the end of the week . '' 
 he said it like it did n't bother him , but his jaw tightened and his arms crossed his chest . 
 i could tell that he was n't looking forward to returning to whatever real life was for him . 
 `` why 'd you come here ? '' 
 i asked , guessing that if he did n't mention where he was going , he did n't want to talk about it . 
 `` i would think you would want to go to a bigger city for a vacation . 
 someplace like miami or vegas , not a tiny tourist-trap beach town like this . '' 
 he gave me that wicked smile again . 
 something deep inside me started to ache to feel that smile kiss me . 
 i had n't felt this physically attracted to a man in a long time . 
 i 'd had a couple of boyfriends in college , but nothing had ever really stuck . 
 my relationships were either all physical or all mental , and neither of those will last for long without the other . 
 `` frontera 's mom has a beach house here . 
 it 's nicer than anything we could have gotten anywhere else , '' dean said matter-of-factly . 
 `` she 's not using it , so we got it for the week . 
 besides , this place is all frontera ever talks about . 
 we had to make sure he was n't making it up . '' 
 he took a long draw on his drink . 
 `` frontera ? '' 
 i asked , confused . 
 `` tony . 
 sorry , he 's anthony frontera , but we usually call him frontera . '' 
 `` well , i guess if you need to , you can call me weber , '' i said with a smirk . 
 he laughed and finished his drink . 
 `` all right , weber . 
 what 's your plans for your ` real life ' that you 're delaying by coming here ? '' 
 normally i would have been put off by such a question , but i opened up to dean immediately . 
 i bought the next drink , and he bought the one after that . 
 my head was starting to buzz , so i slowed down , feeling that i had drank enough . 
 i talked about my hopes of working for a fashion designer in new york , about my dreams of opening my own design place . 
 in the meantime , how i 'd be happy just to get a job in the field . 
 he listened attentively , nodding at just the right spots , asking questions that i was happy to answer . 
 it seemed so easy to fall into a conversation with him , and i felt myself leaning closer and closer as we talked . 
 he did n't volunteer any information about his job in the army , and i did n't ask . 
 i was happy to talk about myself for a while . 
 after talking for what seemed like forever , i decided to change the subject . 
 `` so , '' i said with a sly smile . 
 `` where is this house that tony could n't shut up about ? '' 
 `` are you trying to get my address ? '' 
 dean asked with a mock-scandalized look , putting his hand up to his face like some victorian age lady . 
 i could n't help but laugh . 
 `` it 's right off the beach and about half a block that way . '' 
 he nodded his head up toward the expensive houses . 
 `` it 's the blue one . '' 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 `` that place is huge ! 
 you could fit half the army in that house , '' if it really was the house i was thinking of , it was the biggest house on the beach . 
 `` yeah , it 's probably the nicest place i 've ever been , '' he said . 
 he set his empty glass on the bar and gave me that smile again , this time with a little bit of conspiracy behind it . 
 `` you want a tour ? '' 
 `` hell yes ! '' 
 i could n't even hide my excitement . 
 chapter 4 june 5th , 1990 - evening dean took me by the hand , and we stumbled out of the brightly-lit bar and onto the sidewalk . 
 i knew that the other girls would wonder about where i went , but i did n't care . 
 i could feel the whiskey and beer buzzing through my system , making me giddy . 
 we were outside before i realized that dean had n't let go of my hand . 
 i could feel his heat seeping into my skin , sending little tendrils of electricity up my spine . 
 i was lightheaded , and i knew it was n't just from the alcohol . 
 since i 'd seen the house while out on the beach with jenny and kimberly , i already knew the way to the house . 
 i half-consciously started to lead the way . 
 `` what 's your hurry ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` that eager to get me to my house ? '' 
 i stuck my tongue out at him . 
 `` all right , big guy , what else do you have in mind ? '' 
 he shrugged his shoulders . 
 i could n't help but notice the strength in them whenever he did that . 
 `` have you ever checked out the shops in old town ? '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` yes , we went there earlier today , as a matter of fact . '' 
 `` did you check out the surf shop ? 
 there was some surfboards with some fantastic designs on them , '' he said . 
 i shook my head . 
 if i had seen it , i had probably just walked right past it . 
 i had never been surfing in my life . 
 he grabbed my hand and smiled . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 he said , sounding like an excited five-year-old . 
 i could n't help but come along . 
 when we got to the store , it was already closed for the evening . 
 still , dean pressed his face to the glass and looked at them . 
 even in the dim light from the street , i could see a whole wall full of surfboards . 
 dean pointed out a few that he liked . 
 the ones he picked tended to be simple and super masculine . 
 the rest were mostly beach scenery , but one in particular caught my eye . 
 it reminded me of a watercolor painting , something that kim would have painted . 
 `` i love surfing , '' dean said , still peering into the store . 
 `` one day , when i retire , i 'm going to live on some resort island and just surf every day . '' 
 he turned toward me , smiling . 
 `` how about you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i laughed . 
 `` i have no idea where i 'll retire . 
 i have to actually get a job to retire someday . '' 
 he laughed back at me . 
 `` i did n't mean that . 
 i meant surfing ! 
 do you like it ? '' 
 i crossed my arms . 
 `` i 've never been . '' 
 `` never been ! '' 
 he shouted , as if he had never heard something so ridiculous . 
 `` i 'd love to give you a lesson sometime . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` i 'd like that . '' 
 our eyes were locked . 
 dean 's crystal blue eyes seemed to gleam as he delved into mine , and i just wanted to melt right into them . 
 `` for now , though , you wanted to see the house . '' 
 i fell out of the trance for a moment . 
 `` right . 
 the house , '' i said . 
 he held my hand again and began to lead the way . 
 suddenly , he seemed to be walking a little faster , as if he had a purpose now . 
 it was a short walk to the big , blue house . 
 as dean stepped onto the southern-style porch , i was just tipsy enough that i missed the last step and tripped . 
 dean caught me effortlessly , wrapping his strong arms around me and making sure i never hit the ground . 
 this close , i could smell his cologne . 
 it was clean and fresh , like soap but with a super masculine undertone . 
 his heat was wonderful against my skin , sending little pangs of hot desire deep into my core . 
 his face came close to mine as he made sure i was steady on my feet . 
 for half a heartbeat , i was sure he was going to kiss me . 
 i wanted him to kiss me more than anything . 
 our lips were so close that i could feel his breath , and i leaned forward , silently begging him to kiss me . 
 but he simply gave me that infuriating smile and pulled away . 
 he did n't let me go until he was sure i was relatively stable , but i shot him an evil glare . 
 i had wanted that kiss . 
 he simply continued to give me that impish grin as he grabbed my hand and led me inside the giant house . 
 the inside was just as beautiful as the outside . 
 the wooden floors creaked as we crept past heavy white wooden furniture with comfortable-looking cushions and giant painted seascapes to a big open kitchen . 
 dean let go of my hand for a moment . 
 the disconnection almost seemed to cause me physical pain , even though he only did it to open the fridge and get us drinks . 
 i wandered across the wooden floor until i came to a couch facing the large window overlooking the beach . 
 the moon was starting to rise , casting a magical glow across the white sand . 
 i flinched as a purple and gold top went flying past my head , followed by a giggle . 
 looking down over the couch , i could see arms and legs of two people , along with the tattoo that we had heard jenny admire . 
 color rushed into my cheeks . 
 i backed away slowly , and jenny and matt never even noticed me , but i still could n't get the blush off my face . 
 i made my way into the kitchen where dean grabbed my hand and hurried me to the foot the stairs . 
 moans of pleasure started to come from the couch , and the two of us giggled as we sneaked up the stairs . 
 the dark seemed warm and inviting , caressing the two of us like clandestine lovers . 
 dean guided me carefully down a hallway and into a room . 
 he hit the light switch , and i instinctively closed my eyes as the light blinded me . 
 when i opened them up again , i surveyed the room . 
 the king-sized bed dominated the space , but the wicker furniture was comfortable-looking and reflected the easy style of the beach outside . 
 dean held up a bottle of champagne with two champagne flutes in one hand , condensation already collecting on the cold glass . 
 he headed toward two big french doors . 
 he threw them open , the sea air filling the room as it came in off the ocean . 
 i turned off the light , letting the soft glow of the moon transform the room into something romantic and wonderful . 
 dean set the glasses on a dresser near the doors , pointing the champagne cork out toward the water . 
 the pop as he released it made me jump , the satisfying rush of endorphins making the night that much better . 
 with a delightful flair , dean handed me a glass of the bubbling golden liquid . 
 i bit my lip with anticipation as he raised his glass in a toast , his voice warm and seductive in the moonlight . 
 `` to meeting new friends . '' 
 `` to meeting new friends , '' i echoed , my own voice somehow more sensual in the moonlight . 
 the bubbles tickled my nose as i took a sip . 
 the ocean air blew softly through my hair . 
 dean stepped closer , our bodies inches apart and yearning with need . 
 he set his glass on the balcony , his hand then finding its way to the small of my back so that he could draw me in to him . 
 his eyes shone as if the stars themselves burned within . 
 he leaned forward and brushed his lips across mine . 
 the sensation made my spine feel like it was made of champagne , bubbly and ready to float away . 
 i pressed my lips against his , begging for a better taste . 
 he opened his mouth , the effervescence of champagne permeating my senses . 
 i smiled as i moaned softly . 
 all i wanted was to drink his champagne kisses . 
 dean 's hands flew all over me , touching me in places i had n't been touched in quite a while . 
 i felt the lust coursing through his body as he tugged at my shirt , and i wanted more . 
 i wanted it so badly that i found myself jumping up and wrapping my legs around him before he even had the chance to remove my shirt . 
 his hands grabbed me around the waist and held me up as we passionately kissed each other . 
 my fingers went to the bottom of his ripped t-shirt , pulling it over his head . 
 there was that chiseled form that i had admired at the beach . 
 he was muscular but not overly so . 
 `` strong '' was the word that i was searching for . 
 he held me up with ease , his strong arms supporting me with no problem whatsoever . 
 i reveled in the feeling of his chest , feeling those strong muscles . 
 my fingers went to my own shirt , pulling that over my head as well . 
 it was n't long before i had my bra off as well . 
 dean lifted me even higher . 
 i ran my nails across his upper back and shoulders as his mouth went to my br ** sts , kissing them hungrily . 
 he began to walk over to the bed , which required quite a bit of talent , since he had been drinking and he could n't see where he was going . 
 i squealed with laughter as his legs bumped into the bed and he slowly let me down . 
 as i hit the sheets , i unwrapped my legs from around him . 
 i did n't waste a moment . 
 i leaned up , undoing the belt on his jeans immediately . 
 as i unbuttoned his pants and pulled them down , i saw the bulge in his briefs . 
 i froze up while looking at it , and he chuckled and pulled his pants the rest of the way off . 
 he knelt in front of me , grabbing my leg in his hand . 
 as his kissed traveled upward , i lay back down on the bed . 
 `` i think i 've died and gone to heaven , '' i said . 
 `` not yet , '' he said , kissing even further up my leg . 
 when he reached the bottom of my skirt , he slowly hiked it up , bringing it up past my underwear . 
 i had worn a thong , the first i had ever owned , and i already felt nak * d as soon as he could see it . 
 he continued nibbling his way , tasting me , his lips touching every spot where the fabric ended and my skin began . 
 his tongue found my nub , and he began to lick over my panties . 
 the alcohol still in my system made me lose control quick , and i found myself writhing underneath his touches immediately . 
 i thought that this was as good as it got in life . 
 that was before he pulled the fabric of my thong to the side , licking directly on my sensitive sex . 
 my world seemed to fall away from underneath me , and i found myself quickly rising toward an orgasm . 
 the way his stubble rubbed against me , the cool air of the night , and the steady and rhythmic pressure against my body drove me to the brink quickly . 
 i grabbed onto dean 's head as i found myself falling off the edge , moaning as my orgasm took over my muscles , making them twitch with delight . 
 dean continued to lick me , but then he stood up . 
 the last piece of his clothes , his briefs , were off of him , and i marveled at his nak * d body in front of me . 
 the v-line of his muscles headed toward his groin was simply spectacular . 
 truly , an adonis stood before me . 
 he quickly pulled my skirt and thong off , then slowly moved on top of me , kissing me deeply . 
 i could feel his manhood pressing against my inner thigh . 
 he pulled the hair from my ear . 
 `` i want you , '' he said . 
 i shuddered with pleasure at his breath in my ear , and my eyes closed . 
 `` i want you too . 
 take me , '' i said . 
 i felt him shift , felt him approach my opening . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 i cried out , my eyes shooting back open . 
 he looked at me with barely-contained lust . 
 `` do n't you have a condom ? '' 
 he hesitated . 
 `` are n't you on the pill ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i nodded quickly , and he seemed to take that as permission to continue . 
 he moved even closer . 
 i closed my eyes , and in my inebriated state , i almost let him ... `` stop , dean . 
 put on a condom , '' i said . 
 he frowned , then smiled . 
 `` you 're right , of course . 
 i got a little carried away . 
 thanks . '' 
 he immediately got up . 
 i watched his muscular body walk across the room and root around in a nearby duffel bag . 
 i definitely checked out his ass as he bent over to search . 
 finally , he pulled out a square package . 
 i smiled as i watched him unroll the condom onto his fully erect penis . 
 as he crawled back onto my body , i let him know just how i felt about his responsibility by spreading my legs even wider . 
 i knew i was extremely wet ; i had wanted this all night . 
 he entered my temple slowly , and i wrapped my arms around him as he filled me . 
 he slowly pumped into me as he looked in my eyes , obviously searching for a sign that i was enjoying myself . 
 i searched his face , biting my lip and writhing under his solid body . 
 i watched his biceps flex as he moved his body back and forth . 
 his pecs hardened as he positioned himself for maximum pleasure . 
 i even stole a glance behind him , watching that ass of his as he moved up and down , undulating like a snake . 
 everything about dean turned me on , and when those piercing blue eyes met mine , i felt like i could melt there in his arms . 
 suddenly , he grabbed my h * ps in his hands and rolled to one side . 
 the bed was big enough that there was no way we could fall off , but i still screamed as i felt the butterflies in my stomach . 
 dean stayed within me as he rolled , and soon i was on top of him . 
 i leaned up , intending to give him a show , but his strong hands went to my shoulders , pulling me back down on top of him . 
 he began to thrust upwards into me , and i was trapped against his muscular chest . 
 he moved into me quickly , a grimace forming on his face . 
 he started slowing down , as if he did n't want this to be over yet . 
 he seemed to relax a little bit , as if he was backing away from his orgasm , and he let go of me so that i could take charge . 
 i arched my back , grinding against him , giving him the most pleasure that i could . 
 the grimace returned , but he did n't try to stop me . 
 instead , he grabbed my h * ps and moved at my tempo . 
 i watched as a light sheen of sweat formed on his skin . 
 he locked eyes with me , and then he squeezed his eyes tightly shut . 
 his strong hands gripped me even harder , and i knew i 'd have a couple of bruises . 
 i did n't care . 
 i cried out louder than ever as i felt him jerk under me , finally finding release . 
 a few moments later , i stopped grinding . 
 i felt myself falling onto his sweaty chest , putting my ear against it and listening to his racing heartbeat . 
 his breathing returned to normal , and soon his heart rate slowed as well . 
 i laid there , enjoying the feeling of this strong man underneath me . 
 he pulled out of me , quickly tying the condom up and throwing it to the floor . 
 his hands immediately returned to my back , his fingernails rubbing up and down my spine . 
 every touch from him sent tingles through me . 
 i raised my head from its place on his chest , and looked him in the eye . 
 i had been in this position before , and i 'd always felt embarrassed , like i should get dressed quickly . 
 not this time , though . 
 this time , i felt like this was where i belonged . 
 i felt like it was right . 
 dean must have felt right too . 
 `` hey , rachel . '' 
 `` hey , dean , '' i quickly said back to him . 
 `` would you go surfing with me tomorrow morning ? 
 the swells are supposed to be amazing on this coast , '' he said , sounding a little sheepish . 
 i smiled at him . 
 `` you mean you do n't want this to be a one-night stand ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he shrugged , then threw on a cocky grin . 
 `` i mean , i 'm here for another few days , and i like you just fine . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` i guess i 'm around for a few days as well , and i like you just fine too . '' 
 he smiled and closed his eyes . 
 `` good . '' 
 like tons of other men , it seemed like he was about to roll over and fall asleep . 
 i rolled off of his muscular body and snuggled up next to him , using his arm as a pillow . 
 `` since i 'm going to be surfing so early in the morning , i might as well spend the night here , '' i said . 
 `` might as well , '' he said . 
 then , he really surprised me . 
 he turned toward me and gave me a kiss on the top of my head . 
 a man had never done that to me . 
 we were both completely spent , totally sweaty , and closer than either of us had ever been with another person . 
 chapter 5 present day half of a turkey sandwich stared up at me , daring me to eat it , but i just could n't find the appetite . 
 i had eaten the first half , and had even enjoyed it , but my aching heart was taking up all the space in my body and i just did n't have room to fit the sandwich . 
 i pushed the food away , the plate making a soft grating noise along the wood table . 
 the saunders family portrait stared out at me from across the table . 
 it was one from when the two boys were young . 
 dean stood next to his father , his hair neat and eyes bright . 
 robbie , his younger brother , sat on his mother 's knee . 
 despite the outward calm of the picture , i remembered running around trying to catch robbie to make his hair lay flat for the picture . 
 he had run around the studio like a wild child , eventually tripping and scraping his knee . 
 i could see the edge of the bandage poking out from beneath his shorts . 
 the table vibrated . 
 i looked askance at the plate , wondering if i had angered the turkey sandwich gods by not eating it ; i had n't pushed it that hard when the tabled buzzed again . 
 shaking my head at my thoughts , i picked up my phone and the table stopped humming . 
 it was a number i did n't recognize , but that was common enough with my work phone . 
 `` rachel weber , how may i help you ? '' 
 `` hi rachel . 
 it 's robbie . 
 i , uh ... i need you to come get me . '' 
 robbie 's voice crackled over the line . 
 his words slurred together just enough that i knew he had been drinking . 
 i sighed . 
 when robbie was on land , he was always drinking . 
 some days i was glad he was on his boat just because i knew that meant he was sober . 
 robbie had a strict rule that he never , ever sailed drunk . 
 `` all right . 
 where are you ? 
 i 'll send a car . '' 
 if i knew robbie , he was at the bar by the marina in a small town a couple of hours north of the saunders ' mansion . 
 i had picked him up there more than once , to the point where the owner knew my car on sight . 
 robbie stayed silent for a moment . 
 `` i 'm actually gon na need you to come get me . 
 not just send a car . '' 
 uh-oh . 
 this was n't going to be an easy bar-run . 
 `` where are you , robbie ? '' 
 i managed to keep my voice even . 
 getting angry with him never worked . 
 it was because i kept calm that he trusted me . 
 there was a reason he never called his mother or brother to get him . 
 it meant several three-o'clock in the morning phone calls , but at least that also meant that he always told me the truth . 
 `` winchester ... '' robbie said . 
 `` in the county jail . '' 
 i closed my eyes and counted to ten . 
 some days i just did n't know what to do with him . 
 `` why are you in jail , robbie ? 
 please tell me it 's for something minor . '' 
 i had bailed him out a couple of times , usually for public intoxication or finishing a bar fight . 
 he always finished a fight , even though he never seemed to start them . 
 please let it be just a little bar fight ... `` i hit someone with my yacht . 
 i technically had the right of way , but . . '' 
 his voice trailed off . 
 `` but what , robbie ? '' 
 i began rubbing my temple with my free hand . 
 please , do n't have killed anyone ! 
 please , please , please ... `` i was drinking . 
 that 's why i 'm in lockup . '' 
 shock went through me like ice water . 
 robbie hit someone with his boat because he was drinking ? 
 but robbie never drank and sailed . 
 that was like saying he could breathe underwater . 
 it just was n't something he could do . 
 the fact that he was drinking and sailing startled me more than if he had said he had accidentally killed them . 
 `` you were sailing drunk ? '' 
 i could n't believe the words could even come out of my mouth . 
 from the corner of my eye , i saw dean step into the kitchen and pull the milk out of the fridge . 
 i found myself focusing on his smooth movements , my brain refusing to believe what it had just heard and instead focusing on something it could understand . 
 dean carefully screwed the lid back on and put the jug away , leaning casually against the counter as he sipped on the glass . 
 i could tell he was waiting for me to get off the phone , but i did n't care if he overheard my phone conversation . 
 he knew all the trouble robbie had been in up to this point . 
 `` yes . 
 listen , this is my one phone call . 
 will you please come get me ? 
 and do n't tell dad . 
 he already thinks i 'm a screw-up . '' 
 disappointment and failure rang through his voice . 
 my heart sagged in my chest . 
 their relationship was difficult at best . 
 telling a dying man that his youngest son was in jail was not something i wanted to do . 
 `` i 'll keep it quiet . 
 you said the county jail in winchester , right ? '' 
 i closed my eyes , trying to figure out how to get there without anyone noticing . 
 `` yeah . 
 i know you 'll worry about this if i do n't tell you . 
 the sheriff has n't told anyone i 'm here yet , so you do n't have to worry about that . 
 he said he 'd keep it quiet until you got here . 
 the girl i hit is at mercy hospital . '' 
 robbie 's voice somehow sounded more dejected . 
 `` and the girl ... i hit sam , rachel . '' 
 `` sam ? 
 samantha conner ? '' 
 i opened my eyes as another shock hit me . 
 this was going to be a rough afternoon . 
 `` yeah . 
 will you check on her ? '' 
 robbie asked . 
 he sounded devastated . 
 samantha had been his best friend until she moved away when he was thirteen . 
 he had been heartbroken when she left . 
 i had lost track of her , but he had obviously found her again . 
 unfortunately , it was with his boat . 
 `` of course i will . 
 i 'll be there in a couple hours , all right ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'm really sorry about this , rachel . '' 
 he somehow managed to sound even more forlorn . 
 i sighed . 
 `` i know , robbie . 
 and i want you to know that i 'm pissed . 
 i 'm coming to get you , but i am not pleased . '' 
 even through the phone , i could hear him shrink . 
 i was one of the few people whose opinion mattered to him . 
 `` thank you , rachel . 
 i really mean it . 
 i do n't know what i 'd do without you , '' he said . 
 his voice was quiet . 
 `` i 'll be there soon . '' 
 i hung up the phone and pressed my palms into my eyes . 
 this was not what i needed today . 
 what i needed today was a massage and a glass of wine . 
 `` who 's in jail ? '' 
 dean asked , sliding into the seat next to me . 
 he set his glass down with a quiet click on the table . 
 i glanced over , his blue eyes full of concern . 
 `` robbie . 
 he was sailing drunk . 
 i have to go bail him out , '' i answered . 
 i folded my hands under my chin , looking out at the leaves and trying to think . 
 i had to go get him without raising suspicion . 
 i knew emma would cover for me but that jack would be furious if he found out . 
 there was no way i was going to let daniel know , though . 
 `` i 'll go get the car . '' 
 dean stood smoothly , picking up his glass and heading toward the sink . 
 `` what makes you think you are coming ? 
 robbie asked me to come get him . 
 and ... and you 're supposed to be watching emma . '' 
 the idea of being in a car with dean , alone , for two hours had me simultaneously excited and terrified . 
 i wanted desperately to be alone with him , but frightened of what could happen . 
 dean gave me a level look , his blue eyes capturing mine . 
 `` you 're going to want my help . '' 
 `` why ? 
 i can drive myself , and i 've bailed robbie out of jail before . 
 this is n't a new thing , '' i scoffed at him . 
 he set the glass in the sink and stepped closer to me . 
 he came close enough that i could smell his cologne , his face only inches from mine . 
 my fingers itched to reach out and touch him while my stomach did flips worthy of the olympics . 
 i had a sudden wish that he would just lean over and kiss me . 
 `` you need me . '' 
 he gave me one of his crooked smiles . 
 `` i know the sheriff in winchester . 
 he owes me a favor . 
 would n't it be nice if robbie did n't have this on his record ? '' 
 with him this close to me , i was having trouble concentrating . 
 i just wanted to touch him , to kiss him again . 
 even after all this time , i still dreamt about that last kiss . 
 i needed to focus on something other than his perfect lips . 
 i smoothed the top of my head , making sure it was still in a tight , neat bun . 
 be professional . 
 you ca n't have him . 
 he probably does n't even think of you like that anyway . 
 `` fine . '' 
 i said , narrowing my eyes at him . 
 `` i 'm driving though . '' 
 his crooked grin widened to a full out smile , his eyes twinkling . 
 and i 'm thinking of kissing him again . 
 this was going to be a long day . 
 chapter 6 two and a half years ago bianca saunders strode toward me with anger flashing in her eyes . 
 i froze in my seat , quickly forgetting the memo i was typing . 
 she should have looked demure in her dress suit , gold flowers shining out happily from a field of silver , but instead , she just looked like an angry bee . 
 i hoped i was n't the one about to be stung . 
 `` jack needs a new bodyguard . '' 
 she threw a newspaper at my chest as she stomped across my office and into the executive lounge , heading toward the coffee pot . 
 she tottered on her golden heels , shaking in her rage and splashing coffee across the counter . 
 some of the dark liquid spilled on her jacket , and she cursed under her breath as she grabbed a napkin and began dabbing at the silver and gold embroidery . 
 i fumbled with the newspaper and groaned slightly when i saw the headline . 
 billionaire 's bodyguard assaults photographer blazed out in bold letters across the heading of the page . 
 in a blurry black and white photo , jack looked on in horror as his bodyguard 's massive hand reached for the photographer . 
 every word in the article made me cringe ; the lawsuit from the photographer was going to be huge . 
 `` jack was caught leaving his girlfriend 's , or who i assume is his girlfriend , apartment . 
 instead of having a car ready , or having jack go out the back , this buffoon has him walk right out into the photographers and then throws their cameras on the ground . 
 he then punched one of them for asking a question . '' 
 bianca pinched her nose with her thumb and forefinger , her brows tightening . 
 `` the photographer is already suing . 
 we do n't need this kind of publicity . 
 especially not as we start the process for jack to take over the company . '' 
 the article ended with a question about daniel 's failing heath and the speed at which his son was taking over the company . 
 jack was n't supposed to take control of the company for another three years , but it looked like he was going to have to start much earlier . 
 i did n't want to think about the fact that the results from daniel 's biopsy were coming in today . 
 i carefully folded the newspaper back up and tipped it back toward mrs. saunders . 
 she waved her hand , dismissing it , so i set it on the desk . 
 the older woman sipped on her coffee , the caffeine seeming to calm her , at least temporarily . 
 `` the current one is just a giant walking slab of meat . 
 he does n't have a brain in his head , and this latest incident just pushes the point home . 
 this is the third photographer that is suing us this year . 
 at this rate , they 'll just start lining up at the front door for us to hand them money . '' 
 mrs. saunders sighed . 
 `` at least that would save us the lawyer fees . '' 
 `` do you have any preference as to whom we hire ? 
 i can ask around the agencies ... '' i started , already thinking of whom i could call to get a bodyguard with a brain . 
 bianca 's anger disappeared as she realized i was willing to get a new bodyguard . 
 she had been expecting a fight , and now that there was n't one , she relaxed . 
 i knew jack liked his current guard , but he needed someone that had a brain to go along with the muscle , and we both knew it . 
 `` no need . 
 i have someone who comes highly recommended . '' 
 bianca smiled at her efficiency . 
 i smiled , but inwardly i winced . 
 bianca , while a shrewd negotiator and intrepid businesswoman , was not known for her hiring skills . 
 she was the one who had hired the current bodyguard , against my recommendation . 
 `` what kind of experience does he have ? '' 
 i waited , hoping he at least had some . 
 `` he 's military trained . 
 war hero with a bronze star . 
 he was working in hollywood for some actress , but he 's available now . 
 he comes with a recommendation . '' 
 `` that sounds promising , '' i said slowly . 
 i narrowed my eyes and looked at her . 
 `` why is he available now ? '' 
 bianca blushed slightly and fidgeted with her cup . 
 `` well , he got into some trouble and was fired . 
 but he was fired for protecting his client too well , not for using his giant meat claws . 
 he really does come highly recommended . '' 
 `` recommended by whom ? '' 
 `` the girl 's manager , don renalds . 
 he hated getting rid of him , but the girl insisted . 
 from everything don said , this guy will be perfect to keep jack safe as he takes over the company . '' 
 i sighed and chewed on the inside of my lip . 
 i did n't like putting jack 's safety in the hands of a stranger , especially one who was recently fired . 
 the saunders were the closest thing i had left to family , and i would be damned to see jack under-protected . 
 `` what did he do to get fired ? 
 details , please . '' 
 bianca gave me a confident smile . 
 `` the girl has a substance abuse problem , and he was keeping her dealers away . '' 
 `` i can see why she would fire him and her manager want to keep him . '' 
 i sighed and pushed my hands together , trying to think . 
 i had met don a couple of times , and he seemed to have a good head on his shoulders . 
 `` i know you do n't like it when i jump into jack 's personal matters , '' bianca said , setting the cup of coffee down behind her . 
 she put a hand on my shoulder and smiled . 
 `` this man is available now . 
 hire him . 
 if he does n't work out , it will give us enough time to find a replacement , but at least it will be better than what jack has now . 
 please , rachel ? '' 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll give him an interview . 
 if i do n't like him , i 'm not hiring , though . '' 
 i gave her a serious look . 
 mrs. saunders picked up her coffee and beamed at me . 
 she was back to being a peaceful gold and silver meadow . 
 `` i would n't expect anything else . 
 i think you 'll end up loving him . '' 
 she smiled , pulled a card out of a pocket , and handed it to me . 
 i read the small embossed name on the card , and my heart stopped . 
 dean sherman . 
 `` are you all right ? 
 you look like you 've seen a ghost , '' mrs. saunders asked , looking concerned . 
 i swallowed hard , my mouth suddenly dry . 
 `` no , i 'm fine . 
 i just remembered something is all . 
 i 'll set up an interview right away . '' 
 i hoped she could n't hear the tremor in my voice . 
 i had n't seen him in over twenty years , but just reading his name brought back the memories of him as though it was just yesterday . 
 mrs. saunders nodded and began walking out the door . 
 i stared at the card in my hand for a full five minutes before working up the courage to call the number and make an appointment . 
 chapter 7 june 6th , 1990 i woke up nestled on dean 's arm , using it as a pillow . 
 we were still in more or less the same spot that we had had sex in a few hours before . 
 he was snoring softly , which was really cute . 
 i looked at my watch and found that it was still really early . 
 my head was swimming a little bit and i really had to go to the bathroom . 
 i did n't want to wake dean , so i tried to sneak out of the bed . 
 however , my hair must have tickled his arm , because his arm shot out and grabbed mine . 
 he took me by surprise , and i squealed a little bit . 
 he laughed . 
 `` where do you think you 're going ? 
 we 're supposed to go surfing , '' he said , obviously still half asleep . 
 he blinked , then let go of my arm . 
 his eyes focused , and he looked me up and down . 
 i blushed . 
 the sun 's light was much more illuminating than the moon 's , and i realized that he was drinking in his first clear sight of my nak * d body . 
 this man was a stranger , and suddenly i felt extremely self conscious . 
 i pulled the sheet from the bed up to my body , covering my br ** sts . 
 he smiled at me . 
 for a moment i thought he was going to pull me back into his bed . 
 instead , he jumped out on the other side . 
 last night had n't been a dream-his muscular ass was as hot now as it had been the night before . 
 i dropped the sheet , partly in surprise . 
 everything about his body screamed physical fitness . 
 still , i did n't want to get too awestruck . 
 he had seemed charming and intelligent last night , but that could have been the alcohol talking . 
 `` i should probably get back to my place , '' i said . 
 he looked at me like he was hurt for a moment , and i realized that he really wanted to take me surfing . 
 `` i have to get my bathing suit , '' i continued . 
 he relaxed and smiled . 
 `` yeah , absolutely . 
 i do n't think my spare would fit on you too well . '' 
 he fished out a pair of trunks out of an olive duffel bag and threw it on the bed . 
 `` plus , i 'd have to go topless , '' i added with a laugh . 
 `` no way i 'm wearing this bra in the water . '' 
 he looked me over again . 
 `` i would n't mind , '' he said , clearly doing another once-over on me . 
 i blushed and quickly pulled my clothes on from last night . 
 they smelled like cigarette smoke , even though i did n't even remember anyone smoking near us the night before . 
 still , i had to get home somehow . 
 dean watched me the whole time . 
 `` i 'll be back in half an hour , '' i said . 
 `` i 'll have breakfast ready for you . '' 
 he gave me a charming smile . 
 i grinned at his thoughtfulness and walked out his bedroom door . 
 in the front room , i clearly saw the purple and gold top still crumpled on the floor . 
 i looked over and saw jenny and matt passed out on the couch together . 
 jenny was still on top of matt and practically drooling on him . 
 i thought about waking her up but then remembered how long it would take her to get ready , particularly if she were as hungover as i thought she 'd be . 
 i whistled the whole way back to our little condo . 
 i had n't had sex in months , and the night before had been the best sex i had since ... well , maybe ever . 
 even with the bruising on my h * ps and the mild hangover , i felt better than i had in a long time . 
 i entered the condo , expecting that kim would be worried sick about the two of us . 
 i came in and smelled eggs cooking immediately . 
 kim was in the kitchen in her comfy pajamas , humming as she cooked . 
 when she turned around and saw me , she smiled . 
 `` hey , there . '' 
 `` hey , yourself , '' i said . 
 `` you hungry ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no ... are n't you wondering where jenny and i were last night ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she shrugged . 
 `` tony saw each of you leave . '' 
 i had forgotten all about tony , and shrieked a little when a masculine voice came from behind me . 
 `` it 's important to have situational awareness . '' 
 there , sitting at the table , was redshirt , only he was n't wearing the red shirt anymore . 
 he was just wearing a pair of boxers , comfortable as he could be . 
 normally i would be pretty worried about such a good-looking guy practically nak * d at our table , but i had just walked out of a house with his two nak * d friends . 
 i giggled . 
 `` you startled me ! '' 
 he laughed back at me . 
 `` did you girls have a good time ? '' 
 `` yes , i had a blast . 
 in fact , i 'm meeting dean right now to go surfing , '' i said . 
 tony looked past me at kim . 
 `` hey , do you want to go surfing ? '' 
 kim blushed and looked down . 
 `` actually , i was kind of hoping we could stick around here today . 
 together . '' 
 tony shrugged his shoulders . 
 `` that sounds good to me . 
 let the guys know not to trash it too badly . '' 
 i smiled at him . 
 `` i thought you loved that place ; why are n't you rushing back to it ? '' 
 tony shrugged again . 
 `` they do n't cook eggs for me there ? '' 
 i laughed and went upstairs . 
 i ran a shower and stepped in to rinse off . 
 without even thinking about it , i wished that dean was in there with me . 
 i wanted his strong hands on me , touching me and washing me . 
 i smiled to myself at such an intimate a thought . 
 after i was done , i found the bag with my swimsuits in it . 
 for a moment , i agonized over which to wear , the one-piece or the two-piece . 
 if i wore the two-piece , the top might fall off if i crashed into the water too hard . 
 on the other hand , it was sexier than the one-piece . 
 you 're only young once , i thought . 
 i quickly put on the two-piece bathing suit , slipped a pair of short shorts and a t-shirt over it , and was on my way back to dean . 
 chapter 8 june 6th , 1990 `` okay , now this time i 'm going to just give you a little push on the back of the surfboard . 
 center yourself and get ready . '' 
 we were out in the ocean . 
 dean was taking the time to show me how to surf and it was not going well . 
 as he gave my surfboard a little tap , i found myself staying up on the surfboard for about a half second before crashing into the water again . 
 oh well , i thought . 
 at least my top is still on . 
 i came to the surface , sputtering once again . 
 dean grabbed my hand , steadying me before going after the surfboard . 
 he grabbed it and brought it back to me . 
 `` quick , get back on the board , i can see a great swell coming , '' he said , obviously excited . 
 `` you take it . '' 
 i unlatched the surfboard from my ankle and handed him the strap . 
 dean had seemed excited about surfing , yet he had n't even gotten on the board yet . 
 `` please , just ride this wave . 
 then you can watch me surf for the rest of the afternoon , '' he said , pushing the strap away . 
 i laughed . 
 `` okay . '' 
 i laid on my stomach , waiting for his signal . 
 `` okay , on the count of three , stand up . 
 one , two , three ! '' 
 i felt the push on the back of the surfboard and stood up . 
 the wave began to carry me away , and i managed to keep my balance . 
 this is it , i thought . 
 i was actually traveling over the water , standing as the wave behind me pushed me toward the shore . 
 i screamed a victory scream as i felt the exhilaration overcome me . 
 then i made the mistake of looking back at dean . 
 i quickly lost my balance and fell off the board , crashing into the water with an ungraceful somersault . 
 i came to the surface , coughing but cheering too . 
 dean was there in a minute , holding out his hand for a high five . 
 `` you did it ! '' 
 i reached out to reciprocate the gesture , then started to go after the board . 
 in a moment , my feet brushed the bottom . 
 we had hit a sand bar , and the water only came up to the middle of my chest . 
 i kept walking toward the shore , but dean 's hand reached out and grabbed me . 
 i stopped to look at him . 
 `` what 's your hurry ? '' 
 he asked , wrapping his other hand around my waist . 
 `` but ... your surfboard ... '' i started . 
 `` it 'll wash up on shore , '' he said , then leaned down and kissed me . 
 i quickly lost myself to the kiss , wrapping my arms around the back of his neck . 
 his hands went to my sides , pulling me in closer . 
 as we stood there , kissing , another wave crashed against dean 's back . 
 my feet lost their grip on the ocean floor , but dean stayed steady . 
 i wrapped my legs around his hips . 
 he was a rock that i could cling to , and as another wave hit us , i found myself gripping him even tighter . 
 the salt water tasted delicious on my lips as the two of us kissed , and i was getting more turned on by the moment . 
 my chest was heaving , and as another wave splashed into us , i held onto him , my br ** sts pushing against his muscular pectorals . 
 my hands moved down his neck to his back . 
 my nails dug in , grasping for purchase as his hands moved down to my ass . 
 i broke from the kiss and looked behind me . 
 anyone on the beach would have to really squint to see us way out here . 
 i turned and faced dean . 
 his blue eyes looked at me , then looked over the top half of my body hungrily . 
 i smiled as i lifted my bikini top off of my br ** sts . 
 it still hung off my neck , though . 
 there was no way i was going to let my expensive bathing suit drift off into the ocean , especially knowing that i 'd have to make it back to shore to get my shirt on . 
 dean removed one of his hands from my ass , bringing it up to my boobs . 
 his strong fingers kneaded them . 
 every time his hand touched my nipple , i felt a surge of pleasure rush through my veins . 
 i could feel the bulge in his shorts as our bodies rubbed together . 
 i wanted it . 
 i wanted him more than i had ever wanted anything before . 
 as our kisses grew more intense , i moaned loudly . 
 i was working myself into a frenzy , and there was nothing i could do to stop it . 
 dean was n't much better off . 
 my moaning seemed to be spurring him on , and he growled hungrily as he moved his lips to my jaw . 
 as he moved his mouth farther down , his teeth grazed the skin of my neck before he nibbled my shoulder . 
 my nails clawed at his back , and i meant to scream out `` dean ! '' 
 but it came out as only a whisper . 
 he heard me loud and clear , though , and he kissed across my neck to my other shoulder . 
 he bit down on that one too , claiming me as his own . 
 i had had enough and could n't take any more . 
 i moved my hands down , tugging on his shorts . 
 i felt him pull his rod out , pushing it against the fabric of my bikini bottom . 
 without a second thought , i pulled the fabric to the side , allowing him access to my inner sanctum . 
 he pressed against me ... and then he pulled back . 
 he looked at me very seriously . 
 his blue eyes searched mine , asking for reassurance . 
 `` i do n't have a condom , '' he said sheepishly , his mouth forming half a smile . 
 an unanswered question lay behind those eyes . 
 are you okay with this ? 
 all thoughts of rejecting him were already out the window , but that last gesture was the moment i knew i was in love . 
 to answer his non-question , i grabbed onto his manhood , guiding it into myself . 
 a wave splashed on dean 's back , pushing him forward just as i felt him swell within me . 
 his hands went to my ass , steadying me . 
 as he regained his footing , he began to move me back and forth . 
 i could n't help myself as i began to moan loudly . 
 i glanced down to see him biting his lip , admiring at my body up and down . 
 i felt so sexy in front of him , completely unashamed of any flaws i might have . 
 i could tell that he thought i was perfect , that i was everything he wanted in a woman . 
 despite wave after wave crashing over our bodies , dean 's pace remained constant . 
 the friction against my body caused my own pleasure to rise and fall in waves , though it grew ever higher . 
 within another minute , i found myself hugging dean 's strong body tightly . 
 maybe if i held him close , he 'd never stop admiring me , never stop causing me this pleasure . 
 i felt a tidal wave of euphoria rising within me , and i knew that it would soon crash against my shore . 
 i held on for dear life as dean 's speed increased gradually , pushing me closer and closer to the edge . 
 i felt my levee break , felt my body open up as ecstasy swept me up in its power . 
 as my orgasm hit , i pushed myself away from dean 's body . 
 i wanted to see those blue eyes . 
 suddenly , dean 's fingers tightened on my ass . 
 his face contorted but his eyes never left mine . 
 i nodded fiercely , letting him know what i wanted . 
 do it , please . 
 i was no longer thinking rationally , and as his mouth dropped with pleasure , i felt him fill my body with a tidal wave of his own . 
 my own orgasm heightened , and i felt my muscles draw him in deeper . 
 i wanted him . 
 i wanted all of him , and i never wanted this moment to end . 
 the moment did end , though , and soon his pace slowed down . 
 he stared into my eyes , his face full of wonder . 
 i probably had the same look on my face , and the thought on both of our minds was clear . 
 how did we get so lucky ? 
 we kissed softly , tenderly , as the waves continued to crash over us . 
 eventually , he set me down . 
 i fixed my bathing suit and he pulled his back up . 
 he held my hand as he surveyed the beach for his surfboard . 
 when he found it , he pointed it out to me , then squeezed my hand . 
 he dove into the water and headed toward the beach . 
 i followed close behind , realizing we had n't said a word since our mutual orgasm . 
 we did n't have to . 
 *** tony and kim were still at the condo when we got back . 
 dean stayed in the front room and chatted with tony as i changed out of my bathing suit . 
 when i was nak * d , dean entered my room . 
 i began to cover up with my hands , but then smiled and relaxed . 
 he still looked at me hungrily , as if he were seeing me nak * d for the first time . 
 `` frontera and kim are going to stay here tonight , '' he said . 
 `` would you like to stay at my place again ? '' 
 i smiled at him . 
 `` i 'd love to . '' 
 `` bring some pajamas , '' he said . 
 `` i would n't want you to get cold . '' 
 *** dean and i laid on the roof of tony 's house . 
 there was n't much light pollution , so dean told me about all the constellations he knew . 
 he told me stories about being in the army . 
 i did n't care what he talked about . 
 all i cared about was the fact that he was holding my hand . 
 beneath us , jenny and matt were going at it again , and jenny could n't help but be loud . 
 i was glad she was having such a good time , because i had never had a better time in my life . 
 a shooting star flared across the sky , and i knew what my wish was immediately . 
 i wished that this week would never end , that dean and i could stay up on this roof or hang out at the bar forever . 
 i 'd even spend forever surfing with him . 
 if this vacation could n't last forever , if life demanded that we move on , then i would be all right with that , as long as dean was still a part of my life . 
 chapter 9 two and a half years ago i alternated between staring at the heavy wooden doors and glaring at my watch . 
 a notepad with a new pen sat waiting at my fingertips , but i was n't even tempted to doodle . 
 dean sherman had my complete and utter attention , and he was n't even in the room yet . 
 what would i say to him ? 
 hi , dean . 
 i sent you a letter every day for a month , but i never got one from you . 
 that sounded too harsh . 
 especially since i knew he had never gotten a single one of my letters . 
 i had sent them out religiously once i moved to new york to work for the saunders family , but after a month of no replies , the postman had handed me a stack of unopened letters . 
 something in the address dean had given me had made them undeliverable . 
 you could have just told me you were n't interested . 
 instead i waited for you . 
 i asked my landlord to forward all my mail , but i never got anything . 
 not even a postcard ! 
 no , that was n't fair either . 
 it was very possible that my landlord just was lazy and threw out all my mail instead of forwarding it . 
 maybe he would n't even remember me . 
 maybe he had simply wanted to forget me . 
 maybe i was just a stupid summer fling . 
 that one hurt more than i wanted it to . 
 even after all this time , i still felt a connection . 
 i hoped it was n't just me . 
 the heavy wooden door swung open , and dean strode in . 
 my heart jumped into my throat as i took him in . 
 it was definitely my dean . 
 he was still tall and lean , with the grace of a hunting cat . 
 his dark hair had a slight smattering of silver , but instead of making him look old , it made him look distinguished . 
 his eyes were exactly how i remembered them , blue pools the color of a winter sky . 
 he stopped for a moment as the door swung shut behind him . 
 his eyes went wide for a moment , his cheeks going pale , but he regained his composure so quickly i was n't one hundred percent sure i had even seen him hesitate . 
 `` hello , dean , '' i said , proud that my voice did n't shake . 
 i wiped my hand on my skirt under the desk before rising and offering it to him . 
 his hand enveloped mine , the touch sending electrified tingles down my spine . 
 his face gave nothing away as he let go and took a seat across from me . 
 `` rachel . 
 i did n't know you worked for the saunders family . '' 
 he kept his voice neutral and professional , but i felt a thrill that he recognized me . 
 i pushed my excitement down , though . 
 nothing good could come from it . 
 `` yes . 
 i 've worked for them for over twenty years . 
 i 'm jack saunders ' personal assistant . 
 i see you brought a resume ? '' 
 i hoped i sounded confident because my knees were shaking . 
 dean slid a professional-looking resume across the desk . 
 i had its twin in front of me , but i read down the paper again . 
 joined the army at seventeen . 
 selected for special forces and trained extensively . 
 deployments with desert storm and other classified missions . 
 released from the service and became a close protection officer in several diplomatic parties . 
 his most recent position was with the young starlet . 
 `` what made you choose this profession ? 
 it looks like you were a soldier , '' i said looking up at him over my glasses . 
 he was sitting perfectly straight , his suit hanging in tailored clean lines off his lithe body . 
 `` i was injured . 
 i took a bullet to the shoulder which makes using a rifle painful . 
 i was released with full honors , and my commander recommended me to the protection detail for a visiting senator . 
 my skill set transferred easily , and i have been a close protection officer ever since . '' 
 his voice never fluctuated . 
 he was the perfect example of calm . 
 i prayed he did n't see how nervous i was . 
 `` i see . 
 it appears as though you have ten years experience in this sector . 
 why are you looking for a new position ? '' 
 dean shifted slightly in his seat . 
 his jaw tensed for a moment , but he answered matter-of-factly , `` i was fired for breaking my client 's associate 's nose . '' 
 i raised my eyebrows . 
 he continued . 
 `` my former client is currently , and publicly , seeking treatment for substance abuse . 
 i believed the man in question was selling her said substance , and as per my contract , i stopped him . 
 my client was not pleased and revoked the contract . '' 
 his honest admission surprised me . 
 you have been dealing with too many business sharks , i told myself . 
 i liked the honest and straightforward tone of his voice ; the way he spoke with authority and self-assurance . 
 he had grown up from the cocky young man and replaced it with real confidence . 
 `` i see . 
 if you take this job with mr. saunders , you will be required to sign a non-disclosure agreement , as well as have some strange hours . 
 mr. saunders will need to have you at his disposal day and night . 
 this is not conducive to a family life . 
 would this be a problem for you ? '' 
 i hoped my attempt at finding out if he ever married was n't too blatant . 
 dean cocked his head for a moment , then gave me a sly smile . 
 i blushed , knowing he had figured me out . 
 `` i do n't have any family . 
 my parents died before i joined the service , and i 've never been married . '' 
 a sadness crept into his eyes . 
 `` i could never find anyone willing to put up with me . 
 do you find it hard to be in the saunders ' employ ? '' 
 i shuffled the papers on the desk before answering . 
 i wanted him to know i was still single , still waiting for someone , without being obvious . 
 `` no . 
 the saunders are the only family i have . 
 i 'm married to my work . '' 
 a ghost of a smile crossed dean 's rugged features . 
 the room was far too warm for my taste , and i felt a trickle of sweat run down my back . 
 the electricity in the room was humming as though we had never been apart . 
 `` i see you were with the one-oh-one unit for another two years after ... '' my voice cracked slightly as i remembered that vacation we had together , '' after your deployment for desert storm . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 dean 's eyes grew hard . 
 i did n't know if it was from remembering our time together or what he had seen in the war . 
 `` what happened to you ? '' 
 why did you never write ? 
 why did n't call me ? 
 you broke my heart ! 
 `` i got shot . 
 i watched my friend die in my arms and almost lost another . 
 and the worse part was that we were n't even allowed to tell our families where we were . 
 frontera died and i did n't even get to tell his mother why , '' dean said . 
 his voice stayed quiet , but there was a hidden anger and silent pleading for me to understand . 
 he did n't write me because he could n't . 
 it did n't take the pain away . 
 `` tony died ? 
 what happened to matt ? '' 
 i could n't help but ask . 
 i wondered if kimberly knew . 
 she had always said she knew something bad happened to him . 
 dean 's blue eyes met mine . 
 there was a dark pain in their cerulean depths and i wished i could jump up and hug him , but i knew i could n't . 
 it had been a long time since we were lovers . 
 `` he 's alive and well . 
 he actually lives not too far from here in a little town on the coast . '' 
 he watched me absorb the information . 
 i waited for a moment to see if he would ask about kimberly and jenny , but he stayed silent . 
 i cleared my throat . 
 this interview was getting away from me . 
 `` why would you like this job ? '' 
 he flashed me a dashing smile and leaned back slightly in his chair . 
 `` i 'm the perfect person to protect jack saunders . 
 i 'm subtle . 
 i stop things before they happen . 
 mr. saunders is the world 's most eligible billionaire bachelor , and as a result he has the press 's interest . 
 his younger brother catches the media 's attention on a regular basis , and thus thrusts jack saunders into the spotlight . 
 he needs someone who can react and assess , and thus prevent a situation rather than smashing a reporter 's camera . '' 
 `` and what makes you think that 's what i want ? '' 
 my voice came out far huskier than i intended and i hoped he did n't notice the blush threatening to consume me . 
 dean leaned forward , making my heart skip a beat as he came closer to me . 
 `` i know you want me because i 'm here interviewing . 
 if you did n't think i would be a good fit for this position , i would n't be here . '' 
 i swallowed hard . 
 i stammered and began to fuss with the documents in front of me . 
 dean gave me a smile and sat back , enjoying my fluster . 
 `` would you have any trouble reporting to me as your supervisor ? '' 
 i asked the question bluntly , trying to find a way to regain control of the heat coursing through my body . 
 with him sitting within arms ' reach , every memory of our time together was flooding through me . 
 i had n't expected it to be like this . 
 `` you are in charge , ma'am . 
 i 'll do anything you wish . '' 
 he shot me a confident smile that made me unsure as to whether or not he intended the double meaning . 
 the emotions of the past were threatening to overwhelm me , and i had to stop this before i lost control of the situation . 
 `` you should know that there is a strict no fraternization between employees policy . '' 
 `` that 's not going to be a problem , ms. weber . '' 
 the room suddenly dropped ten degrees . 
 i was n't hot anymore . 
 his face regained a guarded expression , the teasing grin gone . 
 it almost hurt to have the tension between us cut so quickly . 
 i wanted to fix it , but i knew i could n't . 
 not if we were going to work together . 
 our past was very much over , and there was no hope for our future . 
 `` well , mr. sherman , you have all the necessary qualifications . 
 this interview was merely a formality . 
 the saunders family had already decided to hire you . 
 you start tomorrow morning . 
 i 'll have someone bring in the paperwork . '' 
 i stood up , my heart alternating between pounding and freezing . 
 i did n't know what to do with the mix of emotions running through my mind . 
 dean stood as well and shook my hand . 
 i could still feel the current of electricity running through our touch , though it did n't match with his icy demeanor . 
 gathering my papers , i scurried out the door , afraid to even glance behind me . 
 i needed to clear my head and hopefully figure out what i was going to do . 
 working with dean was not going to be easy , and i only had until tomorrow morning to figure out how to do it . 
 at least this time i would n't have the distraction of waking up in his bed , i thought . 
 chapter 10 june 7th , 1990 the sky was just beginning to glow with the promise of morning when i felt dean slip out of bed . 
 he padded quietly on the floor , picking up his clothes and dressing . 
 i peeked one eye open to watch him wriggle into a pair of jeans and a t-shirt , admiring the view . 
 it was worth it to wake up a little to see his body move . 
 his blue eyes caught me peeking and he came over and sat on the edge of the bed . 
 `` go back to sleep , '' he whispered , leaning over to kiss my forehead . 
 his lips were warm and soft , so soft that i never wanted them to leave . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 sleep made my voice creak like an old door . 
 dean brushed the hair off my forehead , smiling down at me . 
 he looked like an angel in the morning light . 
 `` boy things today . 
 remember ? '' 
 dean 's blue eyes twinkled with excitement . 
 i nodded slowly , remembering that he had said something about going out with matt and tony today . 
 `` have fun . 
 when will you be back ? '' 
 i asked , sitting up slightly . 
 `` late afternoon . '' 
 he kissed me again softly . 
 `` go back to sleep . '' 
 i mumbled an `` okay '' and shifted to my side , finding a cool spot on the pillow . 
 dean made sure the sheet was tucked up around me before he quietly tip-toed out and shut the door . 
 *** the roar of motorcycle engines in the late afternoon made me look up . 
 the growling rumble was loud enough to hurt my ears as three bikes powered up toward the house . 
 kimberly flashed me a big grin , practically flinging her book down on the sand in order to run to the front of the boys ' house to greet them . 
 i marked my place and grabbed my swimsuit cover . 
 then , i followed her at a more sedate pace . 
 jenny was already hot on kimberly 's heels . 
 in the large driveway of the big beach house , the three men revved their engines and grinned at us girls coming to greet them . 
 jenny hopped on the back of matt 's bike and squealed with delight as he raced around the open street . 
 tony and dean started doing dangerous-looking patterns with their bikes , obviously showing off their skills . 
 the two of them made tight figure-eights around each other , eluding one another and certain death by mere inches . 
 i wanted to cover my eyes , sure they were both going to crash and die . 
 then , they powered into a high-speed circle . 
 they chased one another in such a tight spin that it looked as though their bikes were moving along the ground on their wheel rims . 
 my breath caught in my throat , fear threatening to choke me . 
 i wanted them to stop . 
 i hated motorcycles . 
 something about them scared me . 
 maybe it was the noise , maybe it was that i liked some steel between me and a certain death , maybe it was the accident that put my cousin james in the hospital for three weeks . 
 in any case , to me , they were just glorified death traps . 
 dean laughed as tony pulled out of the circle-chase and over to where kimberly stood , her hands on her face in total amazement at their daredevil antics . 
 the manly testosterone effects of the bikes were certainly working on her and jenny . 
 `` wan na ride ? '' 
 tony asked kimberly , her shy smile threatening to beam off her face . 
 she nodded and he pulled her onto the back of his bike , revving the engine . 
 he handed her his helmet , and she kissed his cheek before putting it on . 
 `` hey , hot stuff , '' dean said , giving me a wicked grin as he took off his helmet . 
 `` hop on . '' 
 i hesitated for a moment . 
 i did n't want this . 
 dean raised his eyebrows waiting for me to answer . 
 i could feel everyone 's eyes on me , ready for me to join them . 
 it 's just a motorcycle . 
 they are n't going to do anything too dangerous . 
 he is n't james , i told myself . 
 besides , i trusted dean . 
 the two other bikes took off down the drive , and dean kept his hand outstretched . 
 `` come on , it 'll be fun ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` promise me you 'll stop if i ask you to , '' i said . 
 he looked at me like i was being a worry wart , then brought his hand up to his opposite shoulder . 
 `` tap my shoulder three times and i 'll stop immediately , '' he said , tapping his shoulder three times . 
 i bit my lip and nodded . 
 i accepted the helmet from his hand and got on the back of the motorcycle . 
 the bike shook like an angry volcano beneath me , and i clung to dean for dear life . 
 he was my rock , his abs hard and tight under my arms as i pressed into him . 
 i tucked my feet up and held my cheek into his back , squeezing my eyes shut as he cranked the engine . 
 with a terrifying surge , the bike jumped forward , the engine roaring in my ears . 
 my entire body was vibrating , and i wished my fear would turn into excitement . 
 i wanted to like this . 
 i wanted to impress dean with my willingness to do exciting things . 
 i wanted to be like jenny ; i could hear her laughing and begging matt to go faster . 
 i opened one eye to see the two of them nearly parallel to the ground in a deep turn as they were about to turn onto the road . 
 the image made my stomach flip , and i quickly buried my face into dean 's back . 
 please , please do n't do that to me , dean , i begged in my head . 
 dean turned , his body weight shifting to guide the bike . 
 i clutched desperately at his shoulders , praying that i would n't hit the ground . 
 i clung to his back like i was drowning in fear . 
 james had spun out on a turn . 
 this was not fun . 
 with every turn , the ground seemed to rise up to meet me , promising a painful fall . 
 all i could see was my cousin 's body in the hospital bed with the white bandages and tubes going into his arms . 
 the scars up and down his body from where the road slowed him down . 
 `` i want off , please , '' i whispered . 
 i was surprised i made any noise at all . 
 every fiber of my being wanted off that bike . 
 dean must not have heard me , the whistling wind stealing my words before they reached his ears . 
 instead of slowing down and letting me off , the bike increased in speed . 
 i opened one eye in time to see matt and jenny rush past . 
 i wanted to scream . 
 the three boys were horsing around , weaving in and out between one another on the empty street like it was a game . 
 i felt the breeze as tony and kimberly whizzed by , their engine screaming in my ears . 
 i never wanted something to end so badly . 
 `` let me off ! '' 
 i finally screamed , beating at dean 's back . 
 i knew it was n't quite the code that he had given me , but he took the hint quickly enough . 
 he pulled the bike to the side of the road , stopping as quickly as he could while still being gentle . 
 he turned around , his cocky grin fading as he saw the terror on my face . 
 i scrambled off like the bike was molten hot . 
 the helmet was suffocating me , so i ripped it off and let it drop from my fingers , backing onto the crab grass of the front lawn , my palms sweaty . 
 i wiped them on the thin blue fabric of my swimsuit coverup . 
 i could n't decide if i was burning hot or terribly cold . 
 my knees wobbled , and i only stayed standing by sheer will power . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 dean 's brows knitted together , confusion and concern etched on his face . 
 `` i do n't like motorcycles , '' i said . 
 i concentrated on breathing in and out . 
 in and out . 
 he hesitated for a moment . 
 `` okay , then we 'll go do something on our own , '' dean said . 
 he looked back where we had come from . 
 `` i have to drop the bike back off at our house . 
 if you get back on , i 'll go really slow . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 the idea of getting back on made me want to throw up . 
 james 's voice echoed through my head , the moans of pain any time he moved calling out from my memory . 
 he sighed , then held his hand out . 
 `` i 'll take the helmet , then . 
 wait here and i 'll be right back . '' 
 i leaned forward and picked up the helmet . 
 dean took it from me and winked before putting it back on . 
 `` do n't get on the bike with those other guys . 
 they 're crazy . '' 
 that finally made me smile . 
 dean 's engine growled to life and he took off . 
 i watched him go , my hands still shaking a little bit . 
 still , i was happy that he listened to me . 
 within a few minutes , dean was jogging back up the road to where i was at . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said immediately . 
 `` i know you wanted to ride your motorcycle . '' 
 he just shrugged . 
 `` i did that already today . '' 
 he took my hand in his , pulling me gently to start walking with him . 
 we traveled quietly for a moment , away from the house and the motorcycle . 
 `` i 'm sorry i freaked out on you like that , '' i said quietly . 
 dean just nodded as the tension between us broke . 
 he did n't say anything . 
 `` my cousin and i were really close . 
 he was in a really bad motorcycle accident last year . '' 
 dean gave a quiet `` mmm-hmm '' and squeezed my hand . 
 `` he was in the hospital for three weeks . 
 the doctors said he was lucky to be alive , but he was never quite the same after that . 
 i 've never liked motorcycles since . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry i pushed you , then , '' he said softly . 
 `` you doing better now ? '' 
 i nodded and rested my head against his shoulder . 
 he felt good against me . 
 i bent my arm behind me , pulling his hand so that it wrapped around my waist . 
 my world felt right again . 
 chapter 11 june 7th , 1990 the boardwalk creaked under our feet as we made our way along the sandy planks . 
 small local shops had their doors open to let in the warm ocean air and passing customers . 
 the smell of hotdogs and popcorn drifted by , and music played softly from the inside the shops . 
 `` i 'm starving . 
 you want something to eat ? 
 my treat . '' 
 dean let go of my hand , eyeing the food stand . 
 `` sure . 
 i 'll take a hotdog . 
 thanks ! '' 
 i flashed him a big grin as he hurried over to the line . 
 i was about to follow him , but something caught my eye . 
 on the edge of the boardwalk , facing out toward the ocean , a street vendor was selling his paintings . 
 they were amazing . 
 the seascapes caught my attention , particularly one of a storm about to roll in . 
 a woman stood silhouetted in the foreground , tiny against the powerful thunderclouds and swelling waves . 
 i could feel the surge of the water , the light fading quickly into the clouds as the storm threatened to overcome her . 
 despite the storm , she stood strong and ready to survive . 
 i stood mesmerized by the play of colors and the use of light , exploring the nuances of the art . 
 `` there you are , '' dean said , coming up behind me . 
 `` i turned around and you were gone . 
 what are you looking at ? '' 
 he handed me a hotdog , ketchup and mustard in clean lines down the middle . 
 i pointed to the painting that had captured my attention . 
 `` this painting is spectacular . '' 
 i stepped closer , almost forgetting about the food in my hand . 
 the painting was small , about the size of a hardcover book . 
 i could see it siting on a bookcase or a mantle . 
 i could also see the price tag and that it was more than my meager budget could afford . 
 dean peered at it , tipping his head to the side as though a different view point would help . 
 he shrugged and looked back at me . 
 `` what 's so special about it ? 
 it looks like just another beach scene to me . 
 there are hundreds of stupid beach vendors hawking this same picture all over . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` no , there are no vendors with this painting . 
 i 've never seen one like this before , and i 've been looking . 
 i have a degree in art ; i know this stuff . 
 this is really good . '' 
 dean gave me a skeptical look , biting into his hotdog . 
 i turned back to the painting and began to point out the features . 
 `` see the light here ? 
 how it contrasts with the dark of the sky and the water and silhouettes the woman ? 
 it 's called chiaroscuro . 
 rembrandt is the artist who made it famous . 
 but see how the sun shining on only this area creates a sense of forbidding ? 
 you can feel the storm coming , but she stands defiantly against it . '' 
 i glanced over at dean , and he had his brows furrowed , his concentration completely on the painting and me . 
 `` i see it , '' he said , his voice quiet as he stepped toward the painting . 
 `` see how the light and the dark interact ? 
 without the light shining here , the dark would n't look so deep . 
 the sun shining on her , making her a silhouette , in addition to her stance , is what makes her feel so strong . 
 she is in the light despite the oncoming darkness . 
 it is the way the two interact that make it powerful , the way the painter used the light to detail the shadows . '' 
 dean looked over at me , his eyes filling with understanding . 
 `` i 've never had anyone explain a painting to me like that before . 
 i always just thought art was just kind of a bunch of glorified nonsense . '' 
 i gave him a smile . 
 `` art is supposed to make you feel something . 
 to help you experience the world . 
 a good piece of art will change the way you look at things , maybe even change the way you look at yourself . '' 
 `` do you always see the world this way ? '' 
 he gestured to the painting . 
 `` a world of light and dark and all the shadows in between ? '' 
 `` mostly . 
 it takes a little training to get good at it , but i 've always looked for the beauty in the world . 
 that 's why i went to art school . 
 i love seeing the beauty in things that most people just take as everyday or ordinary . '' 
 dean stared at the picture for another moment . 
 i took a bite of my hotdog , enjoying watching him suddenly realize the beauty in the painting . 
 i remembered the first time i really `` got '' a painting , and watching him was a wonderful mirror of that memory . 
 the same slack-jaw stare , eyes wide , shoulders relaxed except for the one arm reaching out to touch the picture , but stopping before contact . 
 `` you 're right . 
 it is beautiful , '' said dean , turning to face me with a sheepish grin . 
 `` thank you for showing me that . 
 you like your hotdog ? '' 
 i had n't realized how hungry i was , i had snarfed the entire thing down already . 
 i pulled my finger out of my mouth , sucking off the last little bit of ketchup . 
 i looked at him sheepishly , then we both laughed . 
 `` they 're probably all waiting for us back at the house , '' i said . 
 we headed back down the boardwalk in contemplative silence . 
 it was comfortable to just walk with dean , knowing both our minds were still back with the painting . 
 i could still see the whorls of color in the water and the light reflecting off the waves . 
 glancing over at dean , i knew he could see it too . 
 chapter 12 june 8th , 1990 when i woke up in bed again with dean , it was the first time that i did n't feel like things were perfect . 
 this was the last day that i would spend with dean , and i knew that none of us girls were ready to say goodbye . 
 if there was ever a time when i felt home , it was here in florida , with my two best friends and the three guys that made us happier than we had ever been . 
 still , when he rolled over at me and smiled , i could n't help but grin back . 
 `` hey , '' i said . 
 `` hey , beautiful , '' he said . 
 he looked completely at peace . 
 i turned on my side to face him . 
 the sheet was down around my waist , and my br ** sts were exposed in front of him , but it seemed like it had been forever ago that i had any modesty around him . 
 `` what do you have planned for today ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i was hoping i could hang out with my girl , '' he said with a grin . 
 i beamed . 
 my girl . 
 the words sounded perfect coming out of his mouth . 
 `` well , yeah , but what are you going to do with your girl ? '' 
 i asked , putting the emphasis on `` your . '' 
 he shrugged again . 
 `` there 's a volleyball net outside that we have n't even used . 
 what do you say we go buy a volleyball and try it out ? '' 
 i smiled . 
 just the thought of dean out there , shirtless , and using his strength in a masculine sport turned me on . 
 i immediately thought of the movie top gun . 
 `` you and me ? 
 one on one ? 
 i 'm tall , but i do n't think i 'd stand a chance against you , '' i said . 
 `` well , bring your friends . 
 maybe we 'll do guys versus girls ; maybe we 'll do couple against couple . 
 we 'll have to see how they feel about it , '' dean said . 
 i smiled . 
 `` i 'll head over to the condo to get the two lovebirds while you go find a ball and let matt and jenny know . '' 
 `` oh , so you 're going to make me brave the crazy sex room . 
 thanks . '' 
 dean made a face at me and we both laughed . 
 despite the heavy walls , we could hear the two of them going at it like sex-crazed monkeys . 
 i shuddered to think of what he might find in their room . 
 we both got out of bed and dressed in the same room . 
 i liked how comfortable we were together , even nak * d . 
 it made me feel like it might last . 
 i tried to banish that thought from my head as i walked in the sunshine to the tiny rental . 
 this is just a summer romance , i thought . 
 i sighed . 
 i wanted it to be so much more . 
 when i walked into the condo , i began to laugh . 
 there were kim and tony , in their pajamas , a steaming mug of coffee next to each of them as they played checkers on the kitchen table . 
 `` here we are , on a tropical vacation , and you two are indoors playing a board game . 
 you look like an old married couple , '' i said . 
 kim blushed , and tony grinned unabashedly at me . 
 i could practically read their thoughts . 
 we wish we were a married couple . 
 i wondered if he had proposed to her already . 
 i heard guys often did that before a deployment . 
 i 'd have to get the info from kim later . 
 `` so , what 's up ? '' 
 tony asked . 
 `` we 're about to start a game of sand volleyball at your place . 
 are you in ? '' 
 i could practically see the competitive side of him as he smiled . 
 he looked over at kim . 
 `` can we pause this game ? '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` i 'd love to . '' 
 her eyes sparkled . 
 i did n't think that i had seen that smile leave her face since this vacation started . 
 `` okay ! 
 i 'm going to go ahead and grab my stuff so that it 's all over at my place , '' tony said . 
 kim was silent . 
 finally , something that made the smile fade from her face . 
 she , too , realized that the vacation was coming to an end , and that it was time to disentangle themselves and their things . 
 soon , there would be no casual mornings full of checkers and coffee . 
 my heart hurt for her for a moment . 
 all three of us girls would soon be wishing this summer never ended . 
 *** `` all right , we 're playing shirts and skins , right ? 
 guy team will be shirts , '' matt said , smiling at each of us . 
 `` matt ! '' 
 jenny cried out . 
 `` okay , okay ... i guess we 'll be skins , then , '' he said . 
 he smiled at the other guys as he pulled the t-shirt off his head . 
 the other two quickly followed suit , throwing their shirts to the side of the sand volleyball court . 
 my jaw dropped . 
 i thought i saw jenny swoon a little bit . 
 i had n't seen them all together in nothing but their bathing suits since that first day on the beach . 
 their bodies were all tight and muscular and their matching tattoos gleamed in the sun . 
 i had to check my mouth to make sure i was n't drooling . 
 the men began to preen and flex for us a little bit . 
 matt even kissed his huge bicep and pointed at jenny , winking . 
 she rolled her eyes , but i knew that she was thinking what i was thinking . 
 we could n't pay for a better show than this . 
 the girls and i were looking good too . 
 jenny had opted for just her bathing suit . 
 kim and i had come in jean shorts and tank-tops , but i had taken my mine off and thrown it to the side , revealing my bikini top . 
 `` i do n't know , guys , '' dean said . 
 `` should we go easy on them ? '' 
 `` i have n't gone easy on jenny since we got here , '' matt said . 
 a chorus of oohs sounded around the court while jenny blushed , but she quickly regained her composure . 
 `` i guess if that 's the best you 've got , i should have no problem beating you at volleyball . '' 
 both guys cracked up , and it was matt 's turn to look flabbergasted . 
 `` i 'm going to make you eat those words , both on this volleyball court and later tonight . '' 
 `` bring it , big boy . 
 first to fifteen points wins , '' jenny said . 
 we hit the ball back and forth for a while to warm up ; then the boys graciously let us start . 
 unfortunately , jenny smacked the ball directly into the net on her first serve . 
 `` that was a practice ! 
 the game has n't started , '' she said . 
 she recovered the ball and sent it flying through the air . 
 it came down fast - and all three guys watched as it landed right in the middle of them . 
 `` i thought you had it ! '' 
 dean said , slapping tony in the chest . 
 `` do n't look at me ! 
 you should have backed up and got it ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 meanwhile , on our side of the court , we were cheering like we just won the state championship . 
 when jenny had the ball back , she yelled , `` all right , boys , it 's one to nothing . '' 
 she did the same high-in-the-air shot . 
 this time , dean dove underneath it , just in time to bump it high enough for matt to spike it over the net . 
 none of us girls had a chance to react . 
 we regretfully rolled the ball under the net back to the boys . 
 `` zero serving one , '' matt said . 
 he did an overhand serve , just inching over the net , but allowing the ball to drop right down into the sand before any of us even realized it was going to make it . 
 we were no longer cheering . 
 that was basically how the next eleven points went . 
 sometimes we got it back over the net , but they managed to react quickly . 
 there was a lot of high-fiving on the other side of the net , though , and that made me smile . 
 `` twelve serving one , '' matt said . 
 he sent the ball gracefully over the net , and jenny bumped it up . 
 i hit it , and sent it sailing over the net . 
 matt , then tony , then dean did a perfect bump-set-spike , but i was ready . 
 i jumped at just the right time and slammed my fist against the ball as hard as i could . 
 dean and i both fell backward onto our asses , and i could n't see anything but the sky above . 
 from the sounds of the high-pitched cheering behind me , though , i knew what side of the net the ball had landed on . 
 dean was over me in a moment , his big hand reaching down to help me up . 
 i smiled as i grabbed it and he lifted me effortlessly to my feet . 
 i looked into his eyes as we smiled at each other . 
 then , he swatted at my ass . 
 `` good game , buddy , '' he said , and everyone laughed . 
 i laughed too , then grabbed the ball and got in position for my own serve . 
 `` one serving twelve , '' i said . 
 i used to love volleyball in high school , and i 'm sure i surprised them a little when i did an overhand serve myself , aimed squarely at matt . 
 with no time to react , he hit the ball up in the air and way out of bounds . 
 the game was back on ! 
 `` two serving twelve , '' i said when i had the ball back . 
 i did the same serve , but this time matt was ready . 
 he bumped it , and tony spiked it . 
 dean followed up with three serves that we were n't able to return , and the game was over . 
 `` who wants to go up against kim and me ? '' 
 tony yelled . 
 `` i do , '' dean said . 
 i stood up and got on the court . 
 `` whoa , whoa , where are you going , rachel ? 
 i want matt to be my partner . '' 
 i laughed and kicked sand at him , and he charged me . 
 i shrieked as he picked me up and threw me over his shoulder . 
 he ran around , whooping like an idiot . 
 when he set me down , he gave me a big kiss in front of everyone . 
 `` guys , i 've made a mistake . 
 i want rachel to be on my team . 
 you guys can be shirts , we 'll be skins . '' 
 i laughed again . 
 i loved to see him having fun with everyone . 
 i ran over to his shirt and buried it in the sand , then pulled it back out , making sure it was completely coated with the uncomfortable grit . 
 `` i think we should be shirts , come put it on , '' i said , sticking my tongue out . 
 matt was laughing so hard that i thought he 'd fall off his lawn chair . 
 dean shrugged . 
 `` i 'll just take yours , '' he said . 
 he ran over to where my tank-top was and threw it over his head . 
 he did n't even try to get it over that massive chest of his , instead just putting his head through the top hole and letting it hang down around his neck . 
 it only went halfway down his muscled torso . 
 `` i 'm ready now , '' he said . 
 everyone was shrieking with laughter now , including me . 
 `` zero serving zero , '' dean said , and shot the ball right at tony . 
 tony reacted quickly and got the ball to kim , who sent it back over the net . 
 i bumped it up , and dean spiked it . 
 the game progressed like that , kim and me playing second fiddle to the match-up of dean versus tony . 
 still , i had a lot of fun . 
 dean and i ended up winning fifteen to five , mostly because kim made some mistakes , but i could tell she was having fun . 
 when the game was done , tony swept kim off her feet . 
 `` i do n't feel like i lost at all , because i got the trophy right here ! '' 
 we played game after game of volleyball , winning some and losing some . 
 since i was the tallest girl , our team won most of the ones we played . 
 we told jokes and bantered with one another , and i laughed until my abs hurt . 
 my smiling muscles felt like they were going to fall off my face from all the grinning . 
 it was the first time we had all really hung out since the night at the bar . 
 chapter 13 june 8 , 1990 - evening at some point when it started to get dark , tony and kim sneaked away and started a small fire down on the beach while the rest of us were on the volleyball court . 
 tony put some hamburgers on the grill that his aunt kept in the garage , and by the time we were done with the last volleyball game , he had paper plates full of food for us to eat . 
 we opened a bag of potato chips . 
 tony removed the grill from the fire and began to throw more and more fuel into it , quickly turning it into a bonfire . 
 we cracked open some beers and all began to eat . 
 none of us spoke much , busy eating and simply enjoying the good company . 
 i sat on the sand and watched the fire as the sun finished setting , leaning my head against dean 's shoulder as we munched on potato chips . 
 the waves crashed against the beach below , and soon a cool wind began to blow in from the ocean . 
 dean graciously slipped my tank top off his neck and let me have it back . 
 it was just the right amount of clothing to be comfortable , especially since it was still warm from dean 's skin . 
 this is our last night together , i thought with a heavy heart . 
 i sipped my beer and leaned closer to dean . 
 on the one hand , i wanted to enjoy our last night together in bed , hopefully giving him something to look forward to upon his return . 
 on the other hand , i was so comfy here . 
 dean felt solid , a rock for me to hold on to , and i did n't want to let him go for anything . 
 jenny finally spoke up . 
 `` this has been some week , has n't it ? '' 
 everyone muttered an agreement . 
 `` this is basically the best vacation i 've ever had . 
 to meeting new friends , '' she said , raising her beer in the air . 
 it was the same toast we had shared in the bar . 
 that seemed like a lifetime ago , and so much seemed to have changed since then . 
 still , i raised my beer in the air and clinked with dean . 
 jenny drank the rest of her beer in one swig . 
 `` i 'll definitely be sorry to see you all go , but summer flings ca n't last past summer , can they ? '' 
 there was silence . 
 everyone but her seemed to be thinking the same thing , that they wished this summer could go on forever . 
 the silence went a moment too long , and jenny cleared her throat . 
 even matt seemed to reel for a moment , but then broke the tension . 
 `` yeah , if i had you for any longer , i 'd probably break you in half . '' 
 jenny smiled and laughed . 
 `` you were a pretty good lay , grinswald , maybe the best i ever had . 
 you take care of yourself . '' 
 she was either oblivious to the fact that she was breaking matt 's heart , or she wanted to make it clear to him that what happened on vacation stayed on vacation . 
 matt laughed but his voice sounded sad . 
 `` same to you , jenny . '' 
 nobody seemed to have much to say after that . 
 after finishing their beers , kim and tony took off back to the condo . 
 jenny whispered something in matt 's ear , then flicked her tongue against it . 
 he smiled and nodded . 
 the two got up and walked toward the house . 
 `` guess it 's just you and me , '' dean said . 
 `` guess so , '' i said . 
 i did n't want this to end . 
 i 'd do anything to keep this vacation from ending . 
 i hoped he did n't look at my face , because i was beginning to cry . 
 `` was i a pretty good lay ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i laughed a little . 
 `` maybe the best i ever had . '' 
 then i looked at his face , and he could definitely see the tears reflecting the fire 's light . 
 `` definitely the best i ever had . '' 
 he smiled back at me , his blue eyes seeming to twinkle . 
 they were unquestionably wet . 
 `` that 's encouraging , '' he said . 
 i laughed . 
 `` that 's not what you 're supposed to say , '' i said . 
 `` what am i supposed to say ? '' 
 his voice was soft and low . 
 i paused . 
 `` what if i asked you not to leave ? '' 
 without hesitation , he said , `` i have to leave . '' 
 `` i know , but what if i asked you not to go ? 
 what if i asked you to come with me to a place where summer never ended ? '' 
 i asked , my voice trembling a little bit . 
 `` you have your own dreams , rachel . 
 you 'd have to leave those behind , '' he said . 
 `` i could deal with that . '' 
 i was dead serious . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 dean did n't answer right away . 
 he hugged my shoulder and pulled me in closer . 
 `` there 's something i have n't told you , something that you should probably know . '' 
 the tone of his voice told me that this was something big . 
 he 's married , i thought . 
 `` i 'm not just going back to the army base tomorrow . 
 well , i am , but it 's temporary , '' he said . 
 he 's got three kids , and he lives off base , i thought . 
 `` there 's a war going on right now between one of america 's allies and a much larger army . 
 they have no chance of winning without our help . 
 so we 're going to help . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` i 'm going to help . '' 
 i looked at him , suddenly feeling tiny and lost . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` i leave for saudi arabia in three days . 
 our whole company is . 
 we 're going to be there in case the iraqi army wo n't leave kuwait . '' 
 i was shocked . 
 `` you 're going to war ? 
 why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` because this is a vacation . 
 because i did n't want to think about it . 
 because i thought that you would n't want to hang out with me if you thought of me as a trained killer instead of as a pretty face . '' 
 he smiled , but it was an empty smile . 
 i laughed . 
 `` do n't be ridiculous . 
 i never thought of you as a pretty face , '' i said . 
 i started to laugh at my own joke , but i could n't . 
 instead , i began to bawl openly , leaning into his shoulder . 
 i did n't want him to go anywhere , and i certainly did n't want him to go to war . 
 dean let me cry , stroking my hair gently . 
 the fire began to go out in front of us , having consumed all the fuel that had been put into it . 
 my heart felt the same way . 
 in one week , i had known such intense highs that my heart had burned like a star , and now that it was starved of fuel , i felt it being extinguished . 
 i moved my head from dean 's shoulder . 
 he tried to hide it as he wiped a tear away , but i knew . 
 i looked at him . 
 the dying light of the fire was just enough for me to see those crystal clear blue eyes . 
 `` make love to me , dean . 
 make love to me like this is the last night we 'll ever spend together . '' 
 dean nodded , then moved in to kiss me . 
 there , on the beach where i first laid on eyes on him , the two of us became as one . 
 i cried as i spent the last night i figured i might ever have with him . 
 before that , i had never felt that close to anyone , and in the twenty years since then , i never did again . 
 chapter 14 two years ago i sat in my office , typing on my laptop . 
 in a few short hours , i would be free for the weekend . 
 jack and his secretary , brandi , were on their way to the caribbean , and i was going to have a few days off . 
 it felt wonderful to know i was going to have a weekend for myself . 
 things at work had me running overtime . 
 jack was about to transition to ceo of ds oil and gas , now that daniel 's failing health was making it harder for him to work . 
 we had hoped to delay the transition another year , but daniel 's cancer was growing more aggressively than expected . 
 the doctors were only giving him maybe another year . 
 i shook my head , ridding myself of the negative thoughts . 
 i was going to have a weekend to myself . 
 i had reservations at a charming little bed and breakfast in upstate new york , complete with a spa and relaxation package . 
 it was going to be a great weekend . 
 my phone buzzed on the desk , and i picked it up . 
 i frowned as soon as i saw it was jack . 
 he was supposed to be on a plane right now with his ditzy secretary , not calling me . 
 i picked it up . 
 `` rachel , we need a new flight plan . 
 and , we 're going to need you to come to the airport and get on a plane , '' jack said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i was apparently now going on a flight . 
 my weekend plans started waving goodbye . 
 `` oh , and will you please make a note to give dean a bonus ? 
 he 's been fantastic today . '' 
 `` sure . 
 what 's going on , though ? '' 
 i felt like i was trying to put a puzzle together without the box . 
 for some reason , jack 's flight plans were changing and i was now getting on a plane . 
 and something about that all occurring meant that dean was getting a raise . 
 `` somehow , the paparazzi were tipped off that i was going on a trip . 
 dean knows how important it is that they do n't figure out where i 'm going . 
 this is my last vacation , and i wo n't have their busybody cameras ruining it . '' 
 a touch of anger came into his voice , but he took a deep breath and continued . 
 `` when they followed us , dean eluded them . 
 we missed our original flight plan , but dean came up with an idea . 
 we 're flying separately now . '' 
 `` okay . 
 so i 'm guessing dean 's going to fly with you , making it look like one of your business trips , and i 'm flying with brandi to make it look like a separate business trip , '' i reasoned out . 
 `` you and dean must share a brain or something . 
 dean and i are going to take the chopper into the private strip in tampa . 
 you and brandi will take the jet . 
 once brandi and i are safely on the jet together and on our way to the island , you and dean can head home . '' 
 jack sounded very pleased with his little plan . 
 i had to admit that it would get the paparazzi off his back , but there was just one small hitch . 
 `` so you 're going to make me take a plane ride with brandi ? '' 
 i made sure that my distaste was apparent . 
 jack sighed . 
 he knew i did n't like her . 
 the blonde-haired secretary was a bimbo . 
 a bimbo that i highly suspected was just after jack 's money and fame . 
 she was pretty and did her job well enough , but i had a feeling that she would do whatever it took to get into jack 's wallet . 
 and right now , that was pretty easy because she was already in his pants . 
 `` i know you do n't like her , but this is my vacation . 
 i wanted her to come along , '' he said quietly . 
 i could tell he was muffling the phone so she would n't hear . 
 `` no , i do n't like her . 
 i think you can do so much better . 
 she 's a gold-digger . 
 i wish you would just find someone with a brain in her head . '' 
 `` unfortunately , i do n't exactly have a lot of opportunities to meet women . 
 we can talk about this later . 
 right now , i want this to get underway . 
 dean already has the helicopter en route . 
 he wants me away from these paparazzi as soon as possible , so we 'll be in tampa before you . '' 
 jack switched on his business voice , telling me that it was time to do my job . 
 `` yes , mr. saunders . 
 i 'll be right there . '' 
 *** i managed not to kill brandi . 
 i was close , though , especially as she filed her nails for the billionth time and blabbered on about her `` designer shoes . '' 
 i kept it to myself that they were obviously a knock-off and that they gave her clown feet . 
 i hoped she broke a heel stepping in the sand with them . 
 longest three hours of my life . 
 when we finally landed , i practically skipped off the plane . 
 jack walked sedately up the private tarmac , greeting me as i came out . 
 `` you owe me a raise , '' i told him sweetly . 
 `` like you do n't already have access to all my bank accounts already , '' he responded with an eye-roll . 
 i gave him a grin . 
 `` have a great time . 
 i 'll do my best not to call you , but i make no promises . '' 
 i gave him a quick hug . 
 `` be sure to compliment her shoes . '' 
 `` her shoes ? 
 i do n't understand women and their shoes . 
 i need to find someone who likes just wearing sneakers . 
 sneakers i understand . '' 
 jack 's eyes glazed as he looked up at the plane and thought about shoes . 
 i had a sneaking suspicion that this fling with the secretary was n't going to last long . 
 i hoped he still managed to have a good vacation anyway . 
 jack waved as he stepped up the metal staircase to the cabin door . 
 he looked like a movie star as he ducked inside . 
 i walked quickly off the tarmac and into the small office , pulling out my phone to figure out how i was going to make it back . 
 with any luck , i could catch a charter flight home and still make it in time for check-in at the bandb . 
 one new message . 
 the green light blinked on my phone . 
 i decided to listen to it before making my flight plans . 
 maybe dean had waited with the helicopter and i would n't have to worry about planes at all . 
 `` hi , rachel , '' a male voice slurred . 
 `` this is dean . 
 i 'm gon na need you to come get me . '' 
 the message ended abruptly as though he had dropped the phone . 
 i stared at my cell for a moment , at a loss as to what to do . 
 i could n't believe he had called me . 
 i had tried to avoid him as much as possible since his having been hired . 
 it had been easy enough . 
 the few times that i had been alone in a car with him we had been polite and civil . 
 since we were usually just waiting for jack to arrive or emerge from a meeting , our encounters had been thankfully brief . 
 it appeared to be working . 
 i thought i was over the heartache of losing him . 
 we only had a few short days together , and then he had never written me any letters . 
 despite his promise to come find me , he never did . 
 i had forgiven him a long time ago , but now , with the florida humidity and his voice still in my ears , i was having a hard time . 
 dean was the one who got away . 
 i had tried to have boyfriends since he left , but they never lasted long . 
 they were either only looking for a way to get to jack saunders , or they were n't content playing second fiddle to my job . 
 i had made my peace with being alone . 
 for one brief , shining moment , when i had seen dean 's name for the interview , i had held out a hope that things might work out . 
 that maybe , despite the years apart , we could be together . 
 dean had made it painfully clear that he was n't interested and wanted as little to do with me as possible . 
 until this phone call , that was . 
 i picked up the cellphone and dialed his number . 
 it rang four times , and i was about to leave a message to just have a car sent to wherever he was and that the company would pick up the tab , when an unfamiliar voice answered . 
 `` hello ? 
 who is this ? '' 
 the voice was gruffer and deeper than dean 's . 
 i glanced at the screen to make sure the number was right . 
 `` this is rachel weber . 
 can you put dean sherman on the phone , please ? '' 
 i asked politely . 
 i wondered where dean was that someone else would pick up his phone . 
 `` oh good . 
 he said you 'd call . 
 he 's here at the bar and is gon na need someone to come get him . 
 he 's pretty messed up , '' the voice said . 
 `` can i just send a car ? 
 give me the address , and i 'll send someone , '' i replied . 
 i was ready to just go home . 
 flying with brandi was exhausting , and my patience was wearing thin . 
 `` no can do , lady . 
 he says he only wants you , and i 'm not tangling with him . 
 he already broke up a bar fight for me , and there is no way in hell i 'm going against anything he wants . '' 
 the guy sounded almost intimidated by dean . 
 i pinched the ridge of my nose and squeezed my eyes shut . 
 there was no way i was going to make it to the bandb . 
 damn you , dean . 
 `` all right . 
 give me the address , and i 'll be there as soon as i can . 
 i 'm in tampa right now , so however long that will take , '' i said , pulling out a pen to write the address on my hand . 
 `` you 're about an hour away . 
 bar 's called revenge . 
 been here forever , '' the voice said . 
 i nearly dropped my phone . 
 he did n't need to give me a street address . 
 i knew where that bar was . 
 it was the bar where dean and i had met . 
 `` do you need directions ? '' 
 the voice asked , interrupting the flow of memories . 
 `` uh , no , i 'm good . 
 i 'll be there as soon as i can , '' i stuttered into the phone . 
 `` no problem , lady . 
 i 'll try and slow his drinks down so he 'll hopefully be ready to sober up , '' the voice said , and the line clicked off . 
 i stood in shock for a moment . 
 what was dean doing at that bar ? 
 i finally shook myself , trying to clear my head and make my feet move . 
 i would just go and get him as fast as i could . 
 my phone said there was an airport close to the bar , so if i could find a plane , i could charter us a flight home . 
 maybe i could still make the massage i had scheduled for tomorrow if this all went to plan . 
 as soon as i thought those words , though , i knew i had jinxed myself . 
 things never went `` to plan . '' 
 chapter 15 june 9th , 1990 the day i was dreading had arrived . 
 somehow , my week had flown by on silent wings , gliding past on sunshine and happiness . 
 i felt as though i had only just arrived , that i had only just found the starting point . 
 dean and i were about to begin something wonderful , and it was n't fair that dean had to leave . 
 it was n't fair that we had only had four magical days together , and now he had to leave for the horrors of war . 
 it made my stomach hurt . 
 i sat on his bed , my arms wrapped around my legs , watching him pack . 
 he had the door to the ocean open , and the salty air was making my hair ripple down my back . 
 despite the florida sunshine and the warmth of the breeze , i felt cold . 
 dean carefully packed his dark green rucksack , placing his boots and clothing in the hard canvas with care . 
 his slow , methodical movements were hypnotic , the muscles on his arms flexing and relaxing with an attractive rhythm . 
 maybe if i watched him long enough , his bag would never fill and he would never have to leave . 
 a knock on his open door drew my attention . 
 there matt stood , wearing a white t-shirt , jeans , and a frown . 
 `` you ready , man ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'll be down in a minute . '' 
 dean stared at his bag . 
 it had been packed for at least a minute , but he kept rearranging the items as if packing could delay the inevitable . 
 he slid the metal latch through the loops and closed the bag . 
 the bed creaked softly as he sat beside me . 
 we did n't look at one another ; he just took my hand in his , and we sat there for a moment . 
 the ocean sighed behind us , calling like a forgotten lover . 
 the pit in my stomach was growing deeper with every second . 
 `` are you sure you have to go ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i had asked it before , and i knew the answer would be the same . 
 `` i told you last night . 
 i have to go back . 
 but i 'll be home before you know it . '' 
 he twisted on the bed so he could face me . 
 with a gentle hand , he brushed a free strand of hair behind my ear and out of my face . 
 his fingers grazed my cheek , his skin rough against the sensitive skin of my jaw . 
 my eyes fluttered up to meet his . 
 `` promise ? '' 
 it came out a whisper , my voice betraying me at the last minute . 
 i reached up with my own hand and pressed his to my cheek . 
 i wanted to remember the way his touch felt . 
 `` promise , '' he said . 
 he leaned forward and kissed me . 
 i squeezed my eyes shut , memorizing every detail . 
 i wanted to remember his smell , his taste , and the way his lips felt against mine . 
 i would take it with me until he came home . 
 we broke apart reluctantly , hearing the boys downstairs opening and slamming doors . 
 it was time for them to leave . 
 dean brushed away a tear i had n't even realized had escaped and kissed the tip of my nose . 
 `` this wo n't be for forever . 
 i 'll find you . '' 
 he gave me a confident smile , and i attempted to give him one back . 
 i felt it waver , but i put my heart into it to make it stay . 
 i would see him again . 
 what we had found in this short vacation was too good to let slip through our fingers . 
 dean stood , shouldering the heavy bag as though it were weightless . 
 he held out a hand , and i unfolded myself from the bed and took it to steady me as i straightened . 
 i let his hand go for a moment , to smooth the bedspread and close the door . 
 the room became a foreign place as the song of the ocean cut off . 
 we were leaving , and the house was losing its magic . 
 i took his hand , feeling his strength infuse me as we navigated the stairs down to the main room where the others were waiting . 
 they all looked as miserable as the two of us . 
 kimberly and tony stood off in a corner , their foreheads pressed together , whispering secrets . 
 matt and jenny sat on separate couches , deliberately not looking at one another . 
 jenny held her head high as she stared out a window . 
 as soon as we arrived , matt picked up his bag and opened the main door . 
 the two cars sat in the driveway , their windows staring at me like soulless monsters . 
 they were going to take the boys away . 
 the thought of slashing the tires raced through my mind , but i knew it would only be a delay . 
 they would have to leave eventually . 
 we trickled out of the house , moving slowly , hoping time would stop . 
 the boys ' rental car let out a metallic groan as matt 's bag landed with a thud in the trunk . 
 dean 's bag followed close behind it , while tony 's bag went into jenny 's beat-up little car . 
 she had to slam the lid three times before the rusty trunk finally latched . 
 we all stood in the hot sunshine , unsure of how to procrastinate further . 
 matt flopped into the driver 's seat of his car , jenny moving slowly to the passenger side . 
 dean and i wiggled into the backseat , sliding on the pleather interior . 
 it smelled like plastic and gas , but at least i was with him . 
 kimberly started jenny 's car , the high pitched whine filling our ears as tony locked the front door and hid the keys under the doormat . 
 his aunt would pick them up the next day . 
 he gave the house one last lingering look before turning and reluctantly getting into the beat-up station wagon with kim . 
 the house seemed to stare after us with vacant , sad eyes as we all pulled away and headed for the airport . 
 we sat quietly in the backseat , gripping one another 's hands . 
 i leaned my head on dean 's shoulder , and he kissed my hair . 
 i was glad i could n't see his face because i knew i would cry and would n't be able to stop . 
 i watched the city speed by through the windows , matt driving exactly the speed limit to the airport . 
 i knew he loved to speed , but he was in no real hurry to get to the airport . 
 he sat stiffly , pointedly ignoring jenny next to him . 
 she in turn stared out her window as if it were the most interesting thing in the entire world . 
 i might have believed their indifference , if not for the fact that they had their hands clasped together in front of the center console . 
 chapter 16 june 9th , 1990 the airport reared it 's ugly gray head all too soon . 
 i swallowed down tears as a plane soared overhead , the jets rumbling through the air . 
 matt parked the car in the rental station , handing the keys over to a man in a red vest . 
 matt carried his bag like a suitcase to the check-in line , his big biceps flexed as he moved across the shiny floor . 
 the moments seemed to blur together , my brain refusing to accept what was going on . 
 i turned to see tony walking up , his arm draped protectively around kimberly . 
 she had tears running down her face . 
 the tissue balled in her palm was past its usefulness , but she kept wiping her nose with it anyway . 
 dean squeezed my hand , letting me go for a moment , as he checked his bag and picked up his ticket . 
 the three men were ready to head to the gate in less time than i had hoped . 
 i wanted every moment , every step , to take twice as long as it should because that would be twice as long that i could spend with dean . 
 we were at the gate all too soon . 
 boarding was due to start at any moment ; we had almost dallied too long at the house for the boys to make their flight . 
 for a moment i wished we had . 
 dean pulled me over to a corner with empty chairs . 
 the woman at the airline desk announced that boarding would now begin . 
 `` i wish you did n't have to go , '' i whispered . 
 he pressed his forehead to mine and wrapped his arms around me . 
 we were in our own world . 
 i looked into his beautiful winter-sky eyes , feeling the tears start to swell behind my eyes . 
 i knew they would escape at any moment . 
 `` i know . 
 it 's my duty and i have to . 
 i have your address , though . 
 i 'll write you as soon as i get settled . '' 
 dean 's voice was soft and low with a comforting tone to it . 
 i knew he was as close to breaking as i was , but he was trying to comfort me . 
 `` you have my address . 
 it wo n't be long before we see each other again . '' 
 i gave a short nod . 
 my chest was going to explode with the pressure growing in my heart . 
 how did people do this ? 
 how did people say goodbye to the ones they loved ? 
 how did military husbands and wives do this on a regular basis ? 
 i had only known dean for less than a week , and i was about to lose it . 
 i could n't imagine the pain of someone with years of love saying goodbye . 
 i sniffed , the tears threatening to overwhelm me . 
 i did n't want to say goodbye . 
 i would have given anything in that moment for him to stay . 
 we had amazing chemistry , and i wanted to know where we could take it . 
 i wanted to know now , not when he got back . 
 `` i 'm giving serious thought to holding onto your ankle and not letting go , like a little kid . 
 you 're going to have to drag me onto the airplane because i 'm not letting go , '' i said . 
 he let out a low chuckle with a sad smile . 
 `` i 'm sure the stewardesses will be okay with that . 
 i gave serious thought to just packing you into my duffel bag and taking you with me . 
 i 'd rather have you than my boots any day . '' 
 he touched my cheek , as if to feel me smile . 
 i wanted him to remember me smiling . 
 `` if i 'm on your ankle , do you think they 'd still give me peanuts ? '' 
 i asked . 
 dean snickered and kissed my forehead . 
 the airline attendant was calling out for the last passengers . 
 it was time for dean to leave . 
 `` i have something for you , '' dean said . 
 his voice held such sadness , and the pressure around my chest was intense . 
 i silently begged for the world to stop spinning . 
 `` read it after i 'm on the plane . '' 
 i nodded weakly . 
 the attendant was calling out again . 
 dean swallowed hard . 
 he ran his fingers down my hair , the crooked smile i loved crossing his face . 
 he cupped my chin in his fingers and kissed me . 
 i breathed him in . 
 he smelled like soap and sunshine . 
 his mouth was warm and minty . 
 a small patch of beard he missed shaving scratched at my cheek . 
 his hands were strong as he pulled me into him for this one last kiss . 
 he let me go , his hand caressing my cheek as he stepped back . 
 i kept my eyes closed for a moment , trying to remember every detail . 
 when i opened them , he was walking into the gate . 
 he turned at the last moment , giving me one of his trademarked crooked smiles . 
 he hesitated , as though deciding whether to actually get on the plane or run back into my arms , but he turned and stepped through the door . 
 and then he was gone . 
 *** the car ride back to our condo was silent . 
 kimberly sat in the backseat , her head resting against the window as she stared off into space . 
 her cheeks were dry , but every once in a while she let out a quiet whimper . 
 jenny drove , her jaw clenched and her knuckles white around the steering wheel . 
 the letter dean had given me sat in my pocket , but i wanted to be alone to read it . 
 when we arrived back at our tiny rental , we all disappeared into different corners of the house . 
 later , we would finish packing and make the long drive home , but for now , we each wanted to be alone . 
 the boys of summer were gone and off to war , and we all knew that they may never come home . 
 i sat on the edge of my twin bed , the sunlight streaming in around my shoulders . 
 my hair was hot on the back of my neck , so i drew it up into a ponytail and out of my face . 
 i held dean 's letter in my hands , almost afraid to open it . 
 there were a million things , both exhilarating and terrifying , i hoped it could say . 
 with trembling fingers , i unfolded the paper , smoothing out the creases from the trip in my pocket and began to read : dear rachel , i 've fallen hard for you . 
 no one has ever made me feel the way you do . 
 i do n't think anyone ever will again . 
 i wish i could put into words how happy i am when i 'm with you . 
 i want you to know that i 'll think of you often and it will always put a smile on my face . 
 i 'll find you when i come home . 
 i love you . 
 dean a tear fell onto the paper , turning the white paper translucent . 
 i quickly wiped it off before it could smear the ink , then pressing the paper into my chest . 
 i felt heavy and light at the same time . 
 i wanted to sing and cry and dance and scream all at once . 
 dean loved me . 
 chapter 17 two years ago i had to turn on the gps guidance on my phone when i got into town . 
 everything was different , and even though the bar was still in the same spot , the buildings , and even the beach , were not . 
 i finally found it , maneuvering the rental car into the quiet parking lot . 
 what had once been the hottest disco bar in the small town was now a rundown country bar . 
 gravel and sand crunched under my feet as i headed up the rickety wooden steps toward the open door . 
 it looked as though they had covered the open air portion of the bar . 
 bad country music blared out into the parking lot , the dim light from the bar glowing neon yellow and red . 
 inside , a girl with full tattoo sleeves leaned against the jukebox , feeding it quarters and singing along with the music . 
 i could see where a fight had occurred earlier , a chair in pieces by the door . 
 several males were in a smoky corner , taking turns around a faded green pool table , but i was n't there for them . 
 i was there for the long-legged man sitting hunched at the bar , surrounded by empty whiskey glasses . 
 the bartender stood behind the bar , wiping a glass clean with a dirty towel . 
 he saw me walk in , his eyes going up and down , and then again . 
 he nodded toward dean , setting the clean glass in a rack by the sink . 
 i walked confidently to the tall bar . 
 `` dean , what are you doing ? '' 
 i asked . 
 dean turned , his eyes languid but unsurprised . 
 `` getting drunk off my ass . 
 care to join me ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i want to get you to a hotel and me on a plane . 
 it 's time for us to go , '' i said . 
 i grabbed his arm , feeling the strong muscle tense underneath my fingers . 
 he pulled away from me , shaking his head . 
 `` leave me alone . 
 it 's what you 're good at . '' 
 he turned back to the bar , motioning for another whiskey . 
 the bartender pretended not to see him . 
 his words stung . 
 we had been politely distant since his hire , but that was as much his fault as mine . 
 i wondered if he had been as lonely as i had . 
 i sighed . 
 we needed to fix this if we were going to work together . 
 our stony silence was not conducive to a working relationship , and with jack transitioning to power in the next few weeks , dean and i were going to be put together more and more often . 
 `` two whiskeys , neat . '' 
 i motioned to the bartender . 
 he quickly poured to whiskeys into glasses , sliding them directly to me . 
 i picked them both up , stepping back and heading toward a small booth against the wall . 
 i stopped and held one out to dean . 
 `` come sit with me . 
 like old times . '' 
 he looked at me warily , but then stood . 
 even while inebriated he moved with a deadly grace . 
 he sat in the cheap plastic booth , taking the whiskey glass from me and nursing it gently . 
 his eyes , those oceans of blue , watched me carefully . 
 i took the whiskey in one swig . 
 `` will you tell me what you are doing here ? 
 this is a little out of the way to stop for a drink on the way home . '' 
 i glanced around the bar . 
 our relationship was like this bar : once beautiful but now rundown and empty . 
 dean sipped at his drink and cautiously eyed me . 
 `` reliving old wounds . '' 
 i bit the inside of my cheek . 
 i did n't want to be vain , but i had a feeling he was at least partially referencing me . 
 `` you want to talk about it ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 are we friends now ? '' 
 dean sneered and finished his drink . 
 he motioned to the bartender for another and i nodded approval . 
 `` listen , dean , i know we have some issues . 
 i 'd like to change that . 
 can we just pretend we never met each other until your interview ? 
 water under the bridge and all that . 
 start from scratch . '' 
 i watched him carefully . 
 his face twitched for a moment , and then he leaned back in the booth , crossing his arms . 
 `` fine . 
 we start over , '' he said . 
 the bartender set two fresh glasses on the table . 
 i waited for dean to reach for his before i picked mine up . 
 he sipped on his drink , and then , changing his mind , downed the rest of it in one go . 
 i drank mine slowly , feeling the liquid burn down my throat and my body relax . 
 i had needed a drink after today . 
 `` it 's all different now , '' dean said . 
 his voice was quiet , barely carrying over the noise of the jukebox . 
 he stared at the empty glass in his hands , twirling it and letting it catch the dim bar light . 
 `` i went by frontera 's place . 
 it is n't there anymore . 
 it 's a huge hotel now . '' 
 i sipped at my drink . 
 dean stared at his empty glass as though he could will it to fill , but he made no attempt to refill it . 
 `` what are you doing here , dean ? '' 
 i asked again . 
 he set the glass carefully on the table . 
 `` it was my fault . '' 
 his eyes never left the glass , lost in his own world . 
 i sat quietly , wondering what exactly he meant . 
 `` it was my fault frontera died . '' 
 the admission was kind of a shock to me , but he could n't have been responsible . 
 `` what do you mean , it was your fault ? '' 
 he looked up at me , his blue eyes cold . 
 `` i had to choose between the mission and my friend . 
 i chose the mission . '' 
 i swirled the last few drops in my glass . 
 dean looked up at me , as though asking forgiveness . 
 `` we were supposed to guard a kuwaiti vip . 
 shit went down . 
 i had to decide between protecting the vip and completing the mission or saving frontera ... i completed the mission . '' 
 dean 's voice cracked , and he took the glass from my hand and finished my drink . 
 i let him . 
 i now understood why he was here , in this bar and drinking like a fish . 
 today he had to choose between his client and someone else . 
 he chose the client . 
 this time it had cost him nothing , but last time it had cost him his friend . 
 this bar was where he and frontera had been happiest before frontera 's death . 
 that it happened to be a place significant to me as well was just an unlucky item of misery to add to his guilt . 
 i got out of my seat and slid into his . 
 he did n't fight as i wrapped my arms around his shoulders , pulling him to me . 
 his body shook with silent sobs . 
 it was twenty years , but he had n't forgiven himself yet . 
 i remembered tony 's shy smile . 
 i remembered the way he and kimberly whispered in the corners , wrapped up in a serendipitous love . 
 it broke my heart . 
 dean quieted , his body no longer shaking . 
 `` i was shot during that mission . 
 so was grinswald . 
 i told them it hurt to hold a rifle because of the wound , and they let me out . 
 truth was , i could n't stand to be in the military anymore . 
 i lost one of my best friends , and another one nearly died for nothing . '' 
 we sat there , silent . 
 he was broken in a way that i would never understand , a way i never wanted to understand , but i did n't want him to be alone . 
 he glanced over at me , and i recognized the look well . 
 those eyes were undressing me , and i could n't say that i did n't like it . 
 `` you know , i kinda want to check out that hotel where frontera 's place used to be . 
 do you want to come with me ? '' 
 i knew exactly what we 'd be doing if we went to check out that hotel , and even with just the couple of drinks that i had , i was sorely tempted . 
 i looked down at his muscular arms , wondering how well he had kept in shape ... i shook my head . 
 `` no , dean . 
 there 's a flight that leaves the airport near here in an hour . 
 we should be on that flight . '' 
 he turned to face me . 
 `` come on , i just want to have a peek . '' 
 a peek at the rooms , or a peek at me ? 
 `` dean , i 'll close out your tab , and we can go . '' 
 he sighed , then staggered over to the bar . 
 i blew out a whole lungful of air . 
 it had been close , but i had resisted . 
 i knew that if we did something , we would both regret it in the morning and we both had enough regrets to last a lifetime . 
 we did n't need any more . 
 i walked dean out to the car . 
 on the way to the airport , we passed the spot where the old surf shop had been . 
 it was a sunglasses hut now . 
 dean groaned loudly . 
 `` everything 's changed , has n't it ? '' 
 he asked , sounding heartbroken through his drunken slur . 
 `` yes , it has , '' i said . 
 `` this town will never be the same , will it ? 
 we 'll never be the same , will we ? '' 
 i heard a drunken sob leave his body . 
 i put my hand on his shoulder . 
 i wanted to comfort him , but i had to keep my distance . 
 `` maybe it 's for the best . '' 
 he did n't have an answer to that , but i felt him sob a few more times . 
 dean managed to act sober long enough for us to get on the plane . 
 before the plane even took off , his head was on my shoulder . 
 he was snoring softly , just as he had been when i first woke up next to him . 
 i felt like sobbing myself . 
 chapter 18 june 16th , 1990 i stumbled into my apartment , dropping the stack of bills on my kitchen table . 
 they merged seamlessly with the other bills and junk mail , all waiting for me to be responsible and look at them . 
 nothing i was hoping for had come in the mail . 
 i closed the door and kicked off my shoes , letting my toes stretch out and relax . 
 i had been home for a week and was missing the beach terribly . 
 no , i did n't miss the beach . 
 i missed dean . 
 six days , eight hours , and thirty-seven minutes since i had seen him last . 
 and i had no idea how to fill the hole that was growing in my heart . 
 i leaned back against the door , closing my eyes and remembering his face . 
 maybe a letter would come tomorrow . 
 i had sent one off two days ago , carefully checking and then double-checking the address . 
 it had been hard to write , not knowing where to start and then not knowing where to curb my words . 
 i wanted to tell him that he was all i could think about , that i would wait for him to come back if he wanted . 
 but i had no idea how to put that in a letter without sounding overenthusiastic or sappy . 
 what if he did n't feel the same way ? 
 what if he had just been using me to have a good time before he disappeared back to war ? 
 for all i knew , he actually had a boring sales job and the whole going off to saudi arabia was just a really good cover story . 
 no , i told myself , he really was into me . 
 there was no way he could have faked all of it . 
 no one was that good . 
 besides , he did n't have to give me the letter ; he only would have done that if our time together had meant something to him too . 
 i was n't sure if that made my heart ache more or less . 
 i wished for the umpteenth time that he was here and not far away . 
 i completely ignored the fact that he was probably in mortal danger at that moment because that was just one straw too many . 
 i knew i would break if i tried to carry that knowledge too . 
 i jumped as a knock sounded on the door behind me . 
 the peephole showed a well-dressed man in a business suit , the sun shining warmly around him . 
 i opened the door , cautiously peeking around the heavy wood to see what he wanted . 
 `` ms. weber ? 
 ms. rachel weber ? '' 
 the man asked in a thin , nasal voice . 
 his suit was nicer than i had expected . 
 it was definitely a designer label from this year . 
 maybe he was one of the designers i had applied for an internship with ! 
 `` that 's me . 
 how can i help you ? '' 
 i hoped i did n't sound too eager . 
 his shoes were also from this season . 
 `` my name is edward martinez . 
 i 'm a representative for someone who is very interested in your design work . '' 
 he pushed a pair of oversized glasses back up higher on his nose . 
 `` my design work ? 
 that 's wonderful ! 
 please , come in , '' i said , opening the door . 
 he stepped inside , glancing at the stack of mail on my table before discretely looking away . 
 he was probably in his early forties ; his hair was still dark but the creases around his brown eyes gave him away . 
 he settled gracefully on the couch as i hurried to close the door and join him . 
 `` ms. weber , my employer would like to ask you to come out to new york for a consultation . 
 she was very impressed by your work and would like to meet you . '' 
 mr. martinez gave me a warm smile , and i could n't help but to return it . 
 `` that sounds wonderful . 
 who is your employer ? '' 
 i suddenly had a horrible , sinking feeling that this was all a scam . 
 i imagined him telling me that for the low , low price of just $ 99.99 , he would be happy to introduce me to someone in the industry . 
 mr. martinez pulled a card from the inside of his suit pocket and handed it to me . 
 in beautiful swirly , gold letters the name bianca saunders dominated the card . 
 i did n't recognize the name , and there was nothing else on the card to give me any hints as to who she might be . 
 bianca saunders was not one of the major fashion houses i had applied to . 
 `` i 'm afraid i do n't know who this is , '' i said slowly . 
 mr. martinez 's face fell a little . 
 `` you do n't know who bianca saunders is ? '' 
 mr. martinez frowned and looked at me like i might be an alien . 
 `` no , i do n't . '' 
 i handed him back the card , but he just held up his hand for me to keep it . 
 `` bianca saunders is the wife of daniel saunders ... '' he said slowly , waiting for me to recognize the name . 
 when my face stayed blank , he continued , '' ... of ds oil and gas . 
 you know , the huge billion-dollar oil company ? 
 one of the only oil companies that 's not being affected by the current events in kuwait ? '' 
 just the mention of kuwait made me think of dean . 
 was that where he was now ? 
 i shook my head at mr. martinez slowly . 
 despite everything he said , i had never even heard of the company . 
 `` well , mrs. saunders saw your senior design project , and she is incredibly interested in meeting you . 
 she is hoping you can design more like it . '' 
 mr. martinez crossed his legs and settled into the couch . 
 `` she liked my design ? 
 that 's fantastic ! '' 
 i felt elation run through me . 
 my professors had loved that i had created something fashionable for a pregnant woman to wear . 
 i knew it was an under-served market , and that it was probably a poor choice for a senior project , but i had made something similar for my aunt , and when the project came due , the fabric had taken a life of its own . 
 other than my professors , though , no one had expressed any interest in my design . 
 `` yes . 
 as such , she has arranged for you to come out to new york city . 
 she would like to see more of your designs and meet you in person . '' 
 he leaned in conspiratorially . 
 `` if she likes what she sees , she is interested in hiring you for your entire fall line . '' 
 i sat back in my chair , trying to keep myself from getting over-excited . 
 my design was for a pregnant woman , so if mrs. saunders was interested in it , that must have meant she was pregnant . 
 she was also a very wealthy lady . 
 if i designed the clothing for her pregnancy , and she wore it to social events , i would become a household name . 
 even though it would be for maternity wear , this was an opportunity i could n't resist . 
 `` well , mr. martinez , i am definitely interested , but i 'm afraid i do n't really have the financial means to be traveling to new york city without some sort of assistance . '' 
 these were fancy words meaning that i was poor . 
 mr. martinez smiled , his teeth gleaming a perfect shade of white . 
 `` of course . 
 mrs. saunders has already arranged for the flight , your room and board , and a small assessment fee . 
 she understands that you are a busy woman , and that she must pay for your time . '' 
 he took an envelope out of his pocket , making me wonder just what else he had stashed in his jacket , and handed it to me . 
 inside there was a check for a thousand dollars . 
 i swallowed hard . 
 it had my name on it . 
 `` that is for agreeing to meet with her . 
 she is willing to pay double that for the original garment to be made to her specifications . 
 as it is a custom fitting , she would like you to be there to do it , '' mr. martinez said . 
 `` if everything is satisfactory , she will consign more garments . '' 
 the check shook slightly in my hands , as though i were experiencing a small earthquake . 
 `` you said she 's taken care of all the travel expenses ? '' 
 mr. martinez nodded . 
 he had a slight smile , as though he were secretly amused by my reactions . 
 `` the flight is scheduled for tomorrow morning . '' 
 i looked up . 
 this was too good an opportunity to miss . 
 if nothing else , the fee for making her the dress would pay my rent for a while . 
 if things went as well as my imagination was starting to think it could , i would n't need to worry about rent anymore . 
 `` well , mr. martinez , what kind of weather should i pack for ? '' 
 chapter 19 june 16th , 1990 i gripped my sketchbook tightly , making sure for the third time that i still had the designs from the night before . 
 i had no idea what mrs. saunders looked like , how far along in her pregnancy she was , or what her build might be . 
 i had sketched out a couple more maternity designs , but without meeting her , i did n't want to create too many , but i needed enough to impress . 
 mr. martinez walked calmly in front of me , easily navigating the huge apartment building as we headed toward what he called `` mrs. saunders ' sun-room '' . 
 the apartment was huge ; bigger than what i would consider a house . 
 i had a feeling the oil business , at least for the saunders and ds oil and gas , was doing well . 
 i was trying my very best not to be overwhelmed by everything , and i felt like i was doing a pretty good job . 
 mr. martinez and i had arrived by a private plane and then drove straight into the city to the saunders ' household . 
 i could n't wait to go out and explore the city after my interview . 
 the buildings had called out to me , the streets singing that i was in the right place . 
 i had been here less than an hour , and i already loved new york . 
 mr. martinez knocked politely on a beautiful wooden door . 
 a female voice called for us to come in , and mr. martinez opened the heavy door . 
 i followed his steps , trying to exude as much confidence as i could muster . 
 at least i felt dressed for the occasion . 
 i was wearing my most recent design for myself : slate gray dress pants with a matching vest over a dress shirt . 
 it was based off of a traditional men 's suit , but fit to flare out and highlight femininity . 
 it seemed appropriate attire for meeting with a powerful woman . 
 a petite blonde woman stood gracefully . 
 she was just starting her pregnancy , a gentle curve beginning to grace her middle . 
 i smiled inwardly ; i knew my senior project would look amazing on her tiny frame . 
 `` mrs. saunders , let me introduce rachel weber , '' mr. martinez presented me as i walked into the room . 
 i held out my hand , making eye contact with my future employer . 
 `` it 's a pleasure to meet you , '' i said politely . 
 mrs. saunders shook my hand with a strength that surprised me . 
 her brown eyes looked me up and down , measuring and weighing me better than any tailor i had ever met . 
 there was a steel in her look that impressed me . 
 it was clear this woman always got what she wanted . 
 `` ms. weber , it 's a pleasure to meet you in person . 
 thank you , edward , that will be all . '' 
 the blonde woman never took her eyes off of me as she dismissed mr. martinez . 
 i heard him close the door quietly behind him as he left . 
 `` please , sit down , ms. weber . 
 tell me about yourself . 
 what inspired you to design this piece ? '' 
 mrs. saunders sat on an upholstered loveseat , offering me a position in a matching chair . 
 i sat carefully , mindful of my posture . 
 it seemed like posture would matter to this woman . 
 the room was decorated with a feminine , yet incredibly practical , theme . 
 i took a deep breath and began talking . 
 `` well , i just graduated with my degree in fashion and design ... '' `` i do n't need your resume , i already have that , '' she cut me off . 
 i swallowed and took a moment to evaluate my situation and try again to present my best self . 
 i glanced around the room , taking it in and forming her personality in my mind based off of the design . 
 the uncomfortable upholstered furniture told me that appearances mattered to this woman . 
 she wore a designer sweater and dress pants , but the seams were struggling to support her growing middle . 
 she wants to keep up appearances . 
 her ring was a simple diamond solitaire that could n't have cost more than a couple hundred dollars . 
 she had n't always been rich , but the ring must be sentimental . 
 she loves her husband , i thought . 
 several photos on the wall caught my attention ; they were of a small boy playing with a smiling man i assumed was her husband . 
 she was pregnant with her second child , then . 
 `` my dad died when i was little , and my mom died when i was in high school , '' i started . 
 `` my aunt finished raising me , but she was more of a friend than a guardian since she was only a few years older than i was . 
 last summer , she got pregnant with her first child . 
 she hated maternity clothes . 
 she has a figure very similar to yours , and everything was incredibly baggy and loose . 
 ugly floral patterns , awful stretchy denim with no pockets , and jumpers designed to fit a whale . 
 it was terrible . '' 
 i paused for a moment , catching my breath . 
 `` go on , '' she said , a slight smile pulling on her lips . 
 if she was looking for maternity wear , she knew the fashion horrors i was referencing . 
 `` she had a big party for her husband 's job , '' i continued . 
 `` she was ready to pretend to be sick so she did n't have to wear the only dress she could find that would fit , despite it making her look like a giant balloon . 
 i love my aunt . 
 so , as a surprise , i made her a dress . '' 
 i smiled at the memory of my aunt 's amazed expression and the tears of joy that had streamed down her face when i showed her the dress i made her . 
 she had hugged me like i was the biggest hero in the world . 
 the next day she had come over to my house with brownies , raving about how everyone could n't stop complimenting her dress . 
 she said she felt beautiful for the first time in months . 
 `` it was just a simple black dress , but i designed it to bring out what was beautiful about her . 
 even though she was pregnant , she did n't have to feel huge and out of place . 
 she loved it . 
 it became the basis for my senior design piece . '' 
 i could n't decide what to do with my hands as i finished , so i simply folded them on the top of my design notebook and waited for mrs. saunders ' response . 
 `` so , your senior design is what your aunt wore ? '' 
 mrs. saunders frowned slightly , as though i were trying to pass off something used as new . 
 `` oh no , i did n't mean to imply that , '' i said quickly . 
 `` the design for my aunt was simply the starting point . 
 i did n't even mean for the idea to go anywhere , but once i started brainstorming things for her , i could n't stop . 
 the design i submitted for my senior project has never been worn . 
 my aunt gave me feedback about what she liked and disliked about the dress , and then i added my own twist . '' 
 i held up the dress and pointed to parts of it . 
 `` the fabric , the collar , the sleeves , the length , and the back are all different . 
 if you held the two dresses up , the only real similarity is that they are both designed for a pregnant woman , '' i said . 
 mrs. saunders clearly wanted something unique , and i chewed nervously on the inside of my lip . 
 i did n't want to screw this up . 
 `` i see . '' 
 mrs. saunders nodded , her face revealing nothing . 
 sweat trickled down my spine . 
 i could n't afford to miss out on this opportunity . 
 `` do you have more designs like it , or is it the only one of its kind ? '' 
 i grinned and opened my sketchbook . 
 this is where i knew i would shine . 
 i crossed the small space between us and knelt on the floor before her , flipping to my newest designs . 
 she raised a perfectly manicured eyebrow at me as i began pointing out the designs . 
 my excitement surprised her . 
 `` i have several designs here for different stages of a pregnancy . 
 this one is more for the beginning stages , just when things are starting to fit differently , and then this one , '' i turned the page and pointed to a drawing of a very pregnant woman in a flowing dress , `` this one is for the last couple of weeks . '' 
 `` may i ? '' 
 mrs. saunders asked , reaching for the sketchbook . 
 i nodded and handed it up to her . 
 `` these are just some initial drawings . 
 i would love to make some that are personalized to you and your tastes . '' 
 i held my breath as she leafed through the drawings . 
 a soft smile started to form on her face . 
 she looked over , her brown eyes warming as the smile took hold . 
 `` i would love to see more . 
 i especially like this one , '' she said pointing to a flowing gown in emerald green . 
 `` but , i will need business appropriate attire as well . '' 
 `` i actually have some ideas . 
 here . '' 
 i flipped several pages to a series of woman 's business suits . 
 they were n't originally designed for maternity , so i had n't showed them to her yet . 
 `` if i modify the seams here , it would look fantastic throughout a pregnancy . '' 
 `` what about this one ? '' 
 she asked , pointing to a smart-looking skirt and tight blouse . 
 i frowned slightly . 
 `` i 'm not sure i can make that one work once you hit the second trimester . 
 i can make anything fit , but with the cut and shape of the skirt , it would look like i stuffed you into it . 
 if you want it , i 'll make it , but i do n't think you 'll be pleased with the outcome , '' i answered honestly . 
 her smile grew a little bit bigger . 
 `` thank you for being honest . 
 i had to fire my last designer because she said everything looked good , even when it did n't . 
 i need to look professional , not tacky . 
 i help my husband run this business , and i ca n't let this pregnancy slow me down . '' 
 she sighed and looked over at the pictures of the little boy on her wall . 
 `` when i had jack , i did n't care what i wore . 
 i was just so excited to be having a child . 
 i look back at those pictures and wonder how anyone took me seriously . 
 with the current market the way it is , i do n't have that luxury this time . '' 
 a knock on the door interrupted whatever she was going to say next . 
 mr. martinez poked his head in . 
 `` mrs. saunders , you 're three-o'clock is here , '' he said softly . 
 mrs. saunders nodded and he closed the door carefully behind him . 
 `` well , ms. weber , i think that this will work out wonderfully . 
 i 'll have edward set up an appointment for the two of us so we can get measurements and go over my preferences as well as payment . '' 
 mrs. saunders stood up slowly , and i followed her example . 
 `` i 'll make up some more design ideas . 
 it was a pleasure meeting you , mrs. saunders , and i look forward to seeing you again . '' 
 i shook her hand and she smiled warmly . 
 `` likewise , '' she said as she walked me to the door . 
 i thanked her again and stepped out into the hallway , letting out a huge sigh of relief once the door closed . 
 she liked my designs . 
 she wanted me to design more for her . 
 a giddy rush of happiness consumed me and it took all my will power not to dance and sing as mr. martinez led me back out to the street and into a waiting car . 
 i was in new york city , and i was going to be designing clothing ! 
 this was more than i could have hoped for . 
 chapter 20 june 16th , 1990 down at street level , i got into the waiting car and stared out the window . 
 the driver was silent as i headed back to my hotel , and my mind was on designs rather than the giant buildings when something caught my eye . 
 a young boy , about five or six years old , was walking resolutely along the sidewalk . 
 he stopped , setting down a brightly-wrapped present , and pulled out an oversized map , his small face frowning as he tried to read it . 
 the boy obviously was trying to get somewhere to deliver the gift , but i could n't see an adult with him . 
 i watched him for a moment as we sat at a light , wondering why he looked vaguely familiar . 
 i gasped as it hit me where i had seen the boy before . 
 he was the laughing child in the pictures on mrs. saunders ' wall . 
 his mother would be worried sick if she knew he was out on the streets of new york by himself . 
 `` stop the car ! '' 
 i shouted , unbuckling my seat-belt and practically lunging for the door . 
 the driver looked back at me in surprise , but quickly pulled to the side of the road . 
 luckily , the street was n't very busy , and he was able to find a spot . 
 `` are you jack saunders ? '' 
 i asked , hurrying over to the blonde-headed boy . 
 he looked up from the map , determination and just a little bit of fear in his big eyes . 
 he nodded . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 his little voice did n't tremble , but he puffed out his chest and stood taller , trying to be bigger than he was . 
 the warm wind ruffled his blonde hair , giving him a defiant look . 
 `` my name 's rachel . 
 your mom just hired me to make her some clothes , '' i answered honestly . 
 `` are you lost ? '' 
 `` you 're the lady who made the dress she likes ? '' 
 he asked , looking up at me . 
 his small mouth was pinching up on one side as he evaluated me . 
 he must have decided i was trustworthy because he pointed to his map and said , `` i 'm trying to get to my dad 's office . '' 
 `` okay . 
 can i help you ? '' 
 i asked , crouching down to be on his level . 
 his big eyes somehow got even bigger as he nodded . 
 he was doing a good job of not being afraid , but he knew he had bitten off more than he could chew . 
 he handed me the map , his eyes watching me cautiously to make sure i did n't run off with it . 
 i took the map from his small hands , turning it right side up , and looked at it carefully . 
 circled in red crayon was an intersection where i assumed was his father 's office building was located . 
 he pointed at the circle and looked over at me . 
 `` that 's daddy 's office . 
 i have a present for him . 
 yesterday was father 's day , but he was busy at work , so i did n't get to give him my present . 
 mommy said i could go see him today , but then she got busy , so i am doing it myself . '' 
 he gave me a toothy grin . 
 `` daddy 's going to love my present . 
 i worked really hard on it . '' 
 i grinned right back at him and folded up the map . 
 `` how about we let my driver take us ? 
 this looks like a pretty long walk from here . '' 
 he looked over at the car , picked up his present , and hurried over to the passenger door . 
 i made a mental note to mention to mrs. saunders how easily i had convinced him to come with me . 
 five minutes was all it took and i loved the kid already . 
 i found myself grinning as i walked toward the car , the little boy 's excitement infectious . 
 he slid into the back seat and waved to the driver . 
 `` ms. rachel says you can drive me to my dad 's office , '' jack told him . 
 the driver looked over at me as i crawled in beside the little boy . 
 i nodded and handed the driver the map . 
 he turned it in his hands , his eyebrows raising at the crayon circle , but he started the engine and pulled out into the street . 
 i was glad he knew where we were going , because i had no idea . 
 jack fastened his seat-belt and carefully placed the present in his lap before reminding me that i should be wearing a seat-belt too . 
 i quickly clicked the belt into place , and he gave me another toothy grin . 
 `` what did you get your dad ? '' 
 i asked , nodding toward the box in his lap . 
 `` i did n't get him anything . 
 i made it . '' 
 pride beamed off his small features . 
 he held up the box for me to look at . 
 `` i even wrapped it myself . '' 
 `` i think homemade gifts are even better than ones you buy . 
 what did you make him ? '' 
 i asked , making sure to emphasize the corrected word . 
 `` i made him a picture frame . 
 mommy helped me get the picture - it 's of daddy and me playing football , but i decorated the frame all by myself . 
 i also made him a card . 
 see ? '' 
 the little boy held up an envelope with the word `` daddy '' scrawled in messy handwriting . 
 `` i am sure your dad is going to love it . '' 
 i patted his knee gently and he beamed up at me . 
 he pointed to the card and started telling me all about the colors and stickers he used . 
 i let him babble on , nodding appropriately and asking simple questions . 
 the more i sat and listened to him , the happier he became . 
 it made me wonder just how much time he got with adults actually paying attention to him . 
 the car rolled to a stop in front of a tall gray building . 
 the summer light reflected off the windows as we stepped out onto the sidewalk . 
 i told the driver i was going to make sure jack got to his father 's office safely . 
 `` i 'll just park in the employee lot over there . 
 when ever you are ready , just come get me . 
 take your time - i 'm at your disposal for the rest of the afternoon , '' he told me . 
 i felt my city exploring time fading away , but jack 's excitement at getting to see his father more than made up for it . 
 as we walked into the lobby , a security guard recognized jack and made his way over . 
 jack beamed up at the big man , waving and showing him the present . 
 `` hey , little man , is that for your dad ? '' 
 the guard asked . 
 when jack nodded furiously , the guard laughed . 
 `` how about i take you two up there to see him , then ? '' 
 we followed behind the guard , jack chattering up a storm as we stepped into an elevator . 
 he did n't stop the flow of words the entire way up . 
 the guard lead us to a large desk with a busy secretary . 
 `` i 'd like to see my father , please , '' the little boy chirped up at her . 
 she leaned over the desk and gave him a warm smile . 
 it was apparent the boy was a common sight around the office , as workers often stopped to smile and wave . 
 `` hi , jack ! 
 your dad 's in a meeting right now , but i can let you see him as soon as he 's done . 
 it 'll be about fifteen minutes . '' 
 she looked up at me . 
 `` are you two okay waiting that long ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 they must all think i 'm taking care of him , i thought . 
 she reached under her desk , pulling out a stack of coloring books with crayons . 
 jack carefully took them and carried them to a couch with a small table . 
 he carefully set his gift down , then spread out the crayons , organizing them by color before opening one of the coloring books . 
 `` may i color too ? '' 
 i asked , settling myself on the floor next to him . 
 jack nodded and handed me a book . 
 `` you can have this one . 
 i do n't like it . '' 
 i glanced down at the book . 
 it was full of numbers , all drawn to look like cartoon characters with big eyes and funny gloved hands . 
 inside the numbers were doing math problems . 
 `` why do n't you like it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i had a sneaking suspicion it was because math was involved . 
 `` because math is dumb , '' jack said , looking up at me , his eyes full of what he thought to be knowledge . 
 `` i 'm never gon na need that . '' 
 i managed to keep a straight face as a future business owner told me he did n't need math . 
 math like addition and subtraction . 
 he was going to have a heck of a time with payroll when he got older . 
 `` that 's too bad . 
 i have a cool magic trick , but you have to be able to do math for me to be able to show it to you , '' i said , picking up a crayon . 
 i started to color the number four a nice shade of purple . 
 `` a magic trick ? '' 
 jack asked . 
 he stopped coloring , obviously interested . 
 `` yeah . 
 i can tell the future . 
 but , it involves math , so you probably would n't like it , '' i said , switching my purple crayon for a blue one . 
 `` but i like magic tricks , '' he said , a pout crossing his face . 
 i knew i had him . 
 no kid can resist a magic trick . 
 `` i wan na see your magic trick . '' 
 `` well , i guess i can show you , '' i replied , making sure to exaggerate my shrug . 
 i heard the secretary snicker at her desk , a knowing smile on her face . 
 `` yeah ! 
 show me ! 
 please ! '' 
 jack came around so he could sit closer to me . 
 i found a blank page in one of the coloring books , and ripped off a corner before handing it to jack . 
 i leaned in and starting explaining the directions carefully . 
 `` okay . 
 i want you to think of a three digit number that 's digits are decreasing . 
 it can be any number you want , but it ca n't be the same written forward or backward . 
 so , 432 will work , but 121 or 456 wo n't . 
 that make sense ? '' 
 i handed jack a crayon and he nodded . 
 `` i am going to write down what your number is going to be in the future . '' 
 i wrote down ' 1089 ' on my ripped corner , then turned it upside-down on the table in front of jack . 
 `` that is going to be your number . 
 now you write the number you have in your head down on this piece of paper . '' 
 `` can you see the number ? '' 
 he asked , carefully hiding his number with his hand . 
 `` yes . 
 since i already wrote down what your future number will be , i can see it . '' 
 jack had chosen 431 . 
 `` now , subtract the mirror of this number . 
 so subtract 134 . '' 
 jack carefully wrote out the numbers and began working his way through the problem . 
 i helped him cross out the numbers and borrow from the bigger column . 
 it took a moment but we got to the correct answer of 297 . 
 `` is that the number you guessed ? '' 
 jack asked excitedly . 
 `` we are n't done yet . 
 we did subtraction , now we need some addition . 
 we now need to add the mirror of this number . '' 
 i watched as he furrowed his brow in concentration and looked at the numbers . 
 he carefully wrote 792 with a plus sign . 
 `` perfect . 
 now add them together , and i will show you that i knew the future , '' i whispered dramatically . 
 jack went to work , using his fingers to help him add , and without any help from me , he proudly displayed the number 1089 . 
 i flipped the ripped piece of paper over , revealing the magic 1089 number i had written to begin with , and jack clapped his hands in delight . 
 `` how 'd you do that ? 
 you really must be magic ! '' 
 `` it 's just math . 
 still think it 's stupid ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he gave me a thoughtful look . 
 `` maybe not all math is stupid . 
 could you show me another one ? '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` how about i show you how i did that one ? '' 
 he nodded furiously and i was about to get another piece of paper when the door behind the secretary 's desk opened and two businessmen walked out . 
 a handsome third man followed , his features strongly resembling jack 's . 
 `` daddy ! '' 
 the young boy cried out , the magic math problem forgotten as his father welcomed him into a hug . 
 `` what are you doing here , young man ? '' 
 the older saunders gave his son a warm smile . 
 the stress sluiced off of his shoulders as he held his young son . 
 `` i came to bring you a present . 
 i got lost , but ms. rachel helped me , '' jack said , pointing back to where i still sat surrounded by crayons . 
 `` well , that was very nice of her , '' mr. saunders said . 
 he walked over to shake my hand . 
 `` i do n't believe we 've met . '' 
 `` we have n't , sir . 
 i 'm rachel weber . 
 i saw him walking along the street by himself , and i thought he could use some help , '' i said , feeling suddenly self-conscious . 
 `` rachel weber ? 
 the designer my wife wo n't stop talking about ? '' 
 daniel saunders ' blue eyes caught mine , showing me a depth of warmth and intelligence . 
 `` i guess that 's me , '' i said , feeling a blush starting in my cheeks . 
 `` daddy , daddy ! 
 ms. rachel showed me a math trick ! 
 she says she 'll teach it to me ! '' 
 jack interjected , pulling on his father 's clothing . 
 mr. saunders laughed and ruffled his hair . 
 `` did she , now ? 
 my jack excited about a math trick ? 
 you must have supernatural powers , ms. rachel , '' he said with a wink . 
 `` grab that present i see there and the two of you come into my office . '' 
 jack scrambled for the present , a never-ending flow of words pouring from his mouth as he started to tell his father about how he sneaked out from the house and found his way here . 
 i was given a hero 's treatment in his story . 
 daniel nodded , and once we were all in his office , he pulled the young boy onto his lap , laughing as jack handed him the present . 
 `` open it , open it ! '' 
 jack squealed . 
 daniel opened the wrapper carefully , letting the suspense build until jack was nearly vibrating with excitement . 
 `` oh , jack ! 
 this is beautiful ! 
 i 'll put it right here on my desk where everyone can see it . 
 thank you , son . '' 
 daniel said . 
 he gave jack a big hug , and jack beamed with pride . 
 `` oh , i forgot the card . 
 it 's out on the table . 
 i 'll go get it , '' jack said . 
 he jumped from his father 's lap and hurried out the door . 
 as soon as jack was out the door , daniel turned to me . 
 `` thank you for taking care of him . 
 he sneaks out to try and see me whenever he can . 
 you did n't have to stop and pick him up , and i really appreciate it , '' daniel said . 
 his blue eyes caught mine again . 
 they were darker than dean 's , with almost a green coloring . 
 my heart hurt a little bit just thinking about him . 
 i wondered if i would ever see blue eyes again without thinking of dean 's . 
 `` he 's a good kid . 
 he was so excited to bring you your father 's day gift . '' 
 i smiled as i looked out the door . 
 jack had gotten distracted and was showing the secretary his handmade card . 
 she was oohing and ahhing appropriately and that was making jack 's face light up . 
 `` i ca n't thank you enough . 
 that boy is the light of my world . 
 i am making this company all that it can be so he can take it over someday . '' 
 daniel 's gaze followed my own , a smile of pride at his son caressing his features . 
 `` maybe he and his sibling will run it together , '' i mused . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked , as if he did n't realize he had another kid on the way . 
 `` oh , perhaps . 
 to be honest , we were n't expecting this second one . 
 well , if the little one takes an interest in business , then he , or she , is more than welcome to help jack run it . 
 i just want them to be happy and for the business to stay in the family . '' 
 daniel sat down behind his desk and picked up the photograph , the messy stickers and paint of the frame making him smile . 
 he made sure to place it where it would be prominently displayed . 
 jack ran into the office , his cheeks pink with smiles as he handed the card to his father . 
 daniel read it out loud and set it in a place of honor next to the picture frame . 
 `` what did you do for your dad for father 's day , ms. rachel ? '' 
 jack asked , turning to face me . 
 `` if you forgot , you could use our phone to call him . '' 
 `` that 's very kind of you , jack , but i ca n't call him . 
 my dad died when i was little , so i ca n't call him on the phone . 
 thank you , though , '' i answered . 
 jack and daniel both looked at me with sad eyes . 
 there was definitely more of daniel than bianca in jack . 
 `` you can share my dad with me then . '' 
 a big smile spread across jack 's face as he came up with the idea . 
 `` he 's a pretty good dad , and then you can stay with me in my fort . '' 
 `` thank you , jack . 
 that is very kind of you . 
 you must be a good sharer . '' 
 i said , managing to keep a straight face . 
 daniel was beet red , shaking his head at his son . 
 `` i should head back to my hotel . 
 i need to get some designs down on paper to show mrs. saunders tomorrow . '' 
 `` do you have to go ? '' 
 jack whined . 
 `` i wanted to learn how to do that math trick . '' 
 `` still interested in that math trick , huh ? '' 
 daniel looked down at his son . 
 `` ms. rachel promised to show me how she did it . 
 i did the addition part all by myself ! 
 i like math now ! '' 
 jack bounced up and down on the balls of his feet . 
 daniel leaned over and put his hands on jack 's shoulders , a serious look on his face . 
 `` who are you , and what have you done with my son ? '' 
 jack giggled . 
 `` i 'll show you how to do it another time . 
 until then , just practice that subtraction . 
 you were so close to doing it all on your own , '' i said , kneeling down to his level . 
 he grinned at me and gave me a hug . 
 it surprised me , but i hugged him back . 
 daniel watched us for a moment , a smile starting to form as an idea took hold . 
 `` ms. rachel , what are your current job plans , other than designing some clothing for my wife ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` well , i 'm waiting to hear back on some internships , but given that it 's june , i 'm not holding my breath . '' 
 i stood up from hugging jack , smoothing the fabric on my vest . 
 daniel 's smile continued to grow . 
 `` would you possibly be interested in a job ? 
 i think i have something that would be perfect for you . '' 
 chapter 21 present day the drive was just as awkward as i was afraid it was going to be . 
 i drove carefully , heading down the highway to the small town on the atlantic coast . 
 the county jail was only a couple of blocks from the marina . 
 i had , unfortunately , been there to pick robbie up for public intoxication . 
 twice . 
 the hospital was only a few streets down from that ; luckily , i had never been there , but it would be easy enough to find . 
 dean sat comfortably in the passenger seat , his long legs crossed as he looked out the window . 
 we had started out making polite conversation , remarking on the weather - it was supposed to rain later - and how the football season was going . 
 neither one of us really had the time to follow sports , so that was a short conversation . 
 i did n't really want to discuss the current situation with robbie , and anything regarding the saunders family was dangerous due to daniel 's condition . 
 our usually easy conversations , just did n't seem to flow . 
 our minds were elsewhere . 
 as a result , we sat in silence , listening to the radio . 
 at least we both liked the oldies radio station . 
 about halfway there , the sky started to drip . 
 at first it was just a couple of big , wet drops , splattering across the windshield . 
 our little black car hurtled forward , undaunted , into the darkening clouds . 
 lightning flashed , blinding the sky . 
 i glanced over at dean as the thunder shook the car windows . 
 `` some storm , huh ? '' 
 i gave him a nervous smile . 
 he nodded , uncrossing his legs and leaning forward in his seat to peer out the windshield at the threatening sky . 
 as if just looking had torn a hole in the sky , rain began to pour . 
 water sloshed across the road , the falling rain too thick to see through . 
 i tapped on the brakes , feeling the car wiggle on the wet road . 
 lightning seared across the sky , thunder hot on its heels . 
 this was not a good place to be . 
 i zeroed in on the brake-lights of the car in front of me , barely able to see them through the storm . 
 without warning , the car lurched , water stealing the wheels and veering us off the road . 
 i made an undignified sound as i managed to keep control of the car , keeping it from flipping as we hydroplaned across the highway . 
 lightning scorched the sky , blinding me as i struggled to keep the car from sending the two of us to a watery grave . 
 i barely registered the thunder , the smearing rain on the windows , or the strange sound the tires made as they powered through the river running down the road . 
 from the corner of my eye , i could see dean bracing himself against the car , a frown pulling his eyebrows together . 
 our last kiss was all i could think of . 
 the way his lips felt soft against mine . 
 the little patch of skin he had missed while shaving that tickled my cheek . 
 his hands , the way the pressed me into him , the way his body held mine like we were made for one another . 
 imminent death made me think of losing him like i did so many years ago . 
 the steering wheel lurched as we came out of the hydroplane and onto solid pavement again , sucking me out of my memory . 
 i pulled off on the closest shoulder , my knuckles white around the steering wheel . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 dean asked , putting a hand on my arm . 
 i gave him a weak smile , still gripping the steering wheel like the car might fly off at any second . 
 he gave me one of his perfect crooked grins , put on the parking break , and slid his hand down my arm . 
 his skin was warm against mine , his hand infusing a calm energy into me . 
 he carefully unpried my fingers from the steering wheel , wrapping his hand around mine . 
 i realized i was shaking . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i held onto his hand , afraid he might take it away . 
 my heart was pounding in my ears , the adrenaline of almost crashing giving me a jittery high . 
 his hand was the only thing keeping me grounded . 
 `` a little rain ca n't faze me , '' he answered . 
 `` you did a nice job back there . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 that was intense ! '' 
 i gave a short laugh . 
 a tendril of hair had escaped my bun again , and with my free hand , i pushed it behind my ear . 
 `` i think we 'll just wait this out for a little bit . 
 robbie wo n't appreciate it if we never arrive because we 're dead . '' 
 dean nodded and peered up through the windshield again . 
 seeing only the pounding rain , he unbuckled his seat-belt and settled into the chair . 
 he kept my hand clasped firmly in his , as though he were afraid i would let go . 
 thunder rattled the glass , the storm raging around us . 
 rain pelted the car with angry drops , creating a metallic music on the roof ; i could n't see past the car windows , the world lost to misty grayness . 
 we were in our own world , just the two of us . 
 nothing else existed past the swirling silver-streaked rain . 
 `` why did you never write me ? '' 
 the words came out unbidden . 
 i had wanted to say them for months , but it never felt right . 
 how do you tell someone that he broke your heart when you have to see him everyday after that ? 
 `` what ? '' 
 shock filled his voice , with just a hint of confusion and anger . 
 his blue eyes darkened in the gray light , but he did n't pull his hand away . 
 `` why did n't you write me ? '' 
 i repeated . 
 my voice shook with the effort , but now that it had been asked , i had to finish . 
 `` i did write you . 
 i wrote you so many letters . 
 i went through two bic pens , and those were hard to get out there . 
 i stopped because you never wrote me . 
 i waited for letters every day , and they never came . '' 
 he searched my face , the gray light making his dark hair darker and his skin pale . 
 i frowned , my brow crinkling and my lips tightening , righteous indignation swelling in my chest . 
 i had been so angry at him for never writing for so long , i had n't realized how much it had hurt . 
 the idea that he thought he stopped because i had never written him was maddening . 
 `` i wrote you every day a month ! 
 i stopped writing because at the end of that month , the postman handed me back the entire stack of them with `` undeliverable '' stamped on every one . 
 i did n't have any other way to reach you because you never wrote me back . '' 
 dean 's mouth opened , his eyes going wide , and he sat back in his seat . 
 he slowly shook his head , trying to make sense of what i just said . 
 `` i looked for you when i came back . 
 i went to the address you gave me , but no one there knew who you were . 
 the woman in your apartment did n't know anything about any letters . 
 i was sure you had given me the wrong address , or that you had found someone else , '' he said . 
 he did n't look at me , his voice soft and low . 
 the pain of heartache echoed through his words . 
 `` i did n't find someone else . 
 i got this job with the saunders and had to move to new york city , but i did n't have any way to tell you since my letters never made it . 
 i checked with my landlord every week though , hoping something would come , and it never did . '' 
 i did n't want to cry , but i could feel the tears threatening to escape from behind my eyes . 
 i had cried so much over dean that i thought i did n't have any more tears left , but apparently i did . 
 `` sergeant dean sherman of the 101 airborne division . 
 i still remember the address . '' 
 `` that 's correct . 
 it probably was just some stupid government secrecy bullshit , '' dean said . 
 he closed his eyes for a moment . 
 `` yours was 1281 simone drive . '' 
 i nodded , and despite my efforts to refrain from crying , a tear found its way down my cheek . 
 i turned and looked out the window so he would n't see it . 
 `` what did your letters say ? '' 
 `` what all letters say to someone you love . '' 
 happy heartache washed over me . 
 he had loved me . 
 `` dear rachel , '' he read from memory . 
 his voice carried gently over the pounding rain , lulling me with his words . 
 his eyes closed as he recited the letter . 
 `` i know that i 've only known you for a short time , but i feel as though i 've known you my whole life . 
 every time you smile , my world brightens and it is that smile that is going to get me through the next few months . 
 our time together was far too short , but it was the happiest i 've ever been . '' 
 he paused for a moment , his voice cracking with emotion as he continued . 
 `` you showed me the beauty in the world . 
 you showed me things worth living for . 
 i went back and bought that painting . 
 i 've looked at it so many times , and when i see it , i see you . 
 i see all the goodness and light that can come from the dark , and how everything can be beautiful . 
 my world is a better place because of you . 
 i hope this letter finds you happy and well . 
 know that i think of you always . 
 i love you . 
 dean . '' 
 the tears trickled out down my cheeks . 
 i could n't speak . 
 joy , love , despair , and hope all tangled and twisted inside of me . 
 i 'd never felt so happy and sad at the same time . 
 i wished i could have had that letter when it was supposed to have been delivered . 
 we would have been together if it had . 
 dean turned , his blue eyes bright . 
 with a smooth motion , he reached for me , drawing me into a kiss . 
 the gray world disappeared , replaced by a prism of colors . 
 the shadows and light , the pounding rain , the fear and the heartache - they all faded . 
 only dean 's lips pressed to mine , his breath on my cheek , his warm hand on my skin were real . 
 the world , and all its problems did n't matter anymore . 
 dean and this kiss was all that were real . 
 i kissed him like it was the only thing i had ever wanted . 
 i kissed him like i had wanted to kiss him every day since we said goodbye . 
 i would have kissed him for forever , but a truck zoomed past , shaking the car and honking loudly . 
 dean and i were startled out of the kiss , noticing that sunlight was now filtering through the car windows . 
 the rain had slowed from the torrential downpour back into a light mist . 
 the sky was lighter and the thunder no longer made the ground shake . 
 our gray world of rain had dissolved , and we were back in the real world . 
 dean let go of my hand . 
 `` dean , i - '' i started , my hand touching my lips . 
 i wanted to kiss him again , but now the world could see us . 
 `` i know . 
 i know we ca n't have that ... that this is n't going to work . 
 but i had to kiss you again or my soul was going to break , '' he said simply . 
 he gave me a halfhearted smile and reached for his seat-belt . 
 his eyes shone with tears , and i knew my cheek was streaked with them . 
 `` we should get going . '' 
 my heart was breaking again . 
 to be so close to something i had wanted for so long , yet to be so far away , was maddening . 
 he was right , though . 
 just because we had actually both sent letters , had actually both had feelings , did n't mean we were right for one another . 
 even if we did n't have the work complication , there was no guarantee we would be able to make it work again . 
 we were both so different , and our feelings were still based on something that happened for a week twenty years ago . 
 it did n't work then , and it would n't work now . 
 i eased the car back out onto the highway , the rain still falling lightly as we headed for the small town in silence . 
 our kiss still tingled on my lips , my skin still warm from his touch . 
 as we drove , i looked to the sky , praying for rain . 
 chapter 22 present day i pulled into the parking lot attached to an old wooden building with small windows that looked exactly like a small town police station in the movies . 
 dean sat quietly for a moment , as if debating saying something . 
 inside the darkened glass door with white lettering , i could see a man in a grayish tan uniform sitting at a desk filling out paperwork . 
 `` i 'll get the paperwork started while you 're at the hospital . 
 i 'll call if we finish before you , '' dean said . 
 he opened his mouth like he was going to say something more , but instead changed his mind , pushing his lips together and opening the car door . 
 i watched him walk into the station , his movements full of an unconscious deadly grace that can only come with years of practice . 
 his hands opened the door , and i remembered how they had felt on my cheek . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 i could n't think about that kiss right now , the way his hand cupped my jaw , the sweetness of his tongue ... stop it ! 
 you have work to do ! 
 i chided myself . 
 the hospital was just a short drive down the main street of the small town . 
 a large building with big windows welcomed patients in , looking more like a hotel than a hospital . 
 it was a new building , and i suspected there was a wing with the saunders ' name on it , but i could never keep track of all the saunders wings . 
 i remembered robbie saying something about it the last time i was in town with him . 
 he kept one of his favorite racing yachts docked at the local marina because he liked the small town feel . 
 the locals had gotten used to him , to the point where he was considered `` one of them . '' 
 it was a good thing too , because he had a tendency to ditch his security , but at least the town was small enough that anyone who did n't belong stuck out like a sore thumb . 
 i had always thought it was a good place for robbie . 
 the woman at the main desk sent me up to the second floor to the inpatient unit . 
 the halls were bright and cheery , the smell of fresh wood and paint still lingering in the hallways . 
 it only took me a moment to find the open door into samantha 's room . 
 i could see her sitting in bed reading , her dirty blonde hair up in a ponytail , a bandage on her head and an iv in her arm . 
 i pulled my reading glasses out of their case and carefully centered them on my nose . 
 i knew they made me look more professional , and i actually liked the way they looked . 
 with a deep breath , i knocked and stepped inside . 
 `` hi , samantha . 
 i do n't know if you remember me , but i would like to talk to you about robbie , '' i started , using my business voice . 
 as much as i had liked her when she was a child , this was a business transaction . 
 she gave me a warm smile . 
 `` you 're rachel . 
 of course i remember you . 
 you would always let robbie and me stop at the ice cream shop on our way home after sailing lessons . 
 and you are one of the few people that always insisted on calling me samantha instead of just sam . '' 
 she sat up taller in the bed , moving the pillows around to make her more comfortable . 
 i moved to one of the red `` leather '' padded chairs next to the bed and sat down . 
 `` i 'm glad you remember me . 
 i need to talk to you about robbie , and i 'll need you to sign some paperwork . '' 
 i pulled a folder out of my purse . 
 she looked just like i remembered her . 
 i did n't want to tell her she still looked twelve to me , but to my eyes , she looked exactly the same . 
 even the ponytail was the same . 
 `` i still ca n't believe he hit me . 
 i mean , they told me he was drinking , but ... '' she stopped and shook her head before looking over at me . 
 i set the folder on the rolling bed table over samantha 's lap , and took out the document inside . 
 i had a computer file full of documents just like it , made up by the saunders ' lawyer for just these kind of situations . 
 i hated that i even had it . 
 `` what happened to him , rachel ? 
 i mean , why would he do that ? 
 it 's just not like him . '' 
 samantha looked over at me , her big gray eyes searching my face . 
 it was those gray eyes that got the two of them ice cream . 
 they were impossible to say no to . 
 `` his dad is dying . 
 he 's having a hard time dealing with it . 
 that 's not an excuse or a justification , just the explanation . 
 i 'd like to ask you not to press charges , '' i said , indicating the paperwork . 
 `` the saunders family would like to reimburse you for all medical expenses , including any future care you may need with regard to this injury , as well as a payment to cover any work-related expenses this injury may have incurred . '' 
 sam narrowed her eyes , tipping her chin slightly . 
 `` and if i said i still wanted to press charges , would i get all the shiny prizes ? '' 
 i raised my eyebrows at her . 
 she had always been too smart for her own good as a kid , but at least now it was paying off . 
 i pushed my glasses up on my nose and nodded . 
 `` yes . 
 the saunders family feels that they should make sure this accident does not end up changing your life . 
 if you still feel the need to press charges and change robbie 's life , then that is purely your decision . '' 
 the corner of her mouth twitched upward . 
 `` i never intended to press charges against him . 
 call me sentimental , but i still consider him a friend . 
 i know that he must be going through something crazy hard if he broke his own rule . 
 besides , he saved me from drowning , so i would like to be able to thank him for that , even if he was the one who put me in the water . '' 
 my shoulders dropped , the weight sliding off of them . 
 i knew i had always liked samantha . 
 `` thank you . 
 i really mean it too , not just as the saunders ' family representative , but as robbie 's friend . 
 thank you . '' 
 `` he 's my friend . 
 or at least he was a long time ago . 
 and friends help each other with mistakes . 
 he got me out of trouble a couple of times too . '' 
 samantha gave me a grin , almost daring me to ask what kind of trouble . 
 i did n't ask because i did n't want to know ; robbie and sam were always getting into trouble . 
 `` out of curiosity , how much is the payment ? '' 
 `` our standard is twenty-five thousand dollars . 
 if you do n't think that is going to be enough , i can always speak with the saunders ' lawyer and come up with a more equitable figure . '' 
 i really did n't want to do that though . 
 the lawyer was good , but he was kind of a jerk . 
 samantha went pale and then flushed . 
 `` twenty-five thousand dollars ? 
 no , that 's fine . 
 that amount is just fine . 
 it 's good . '' 
 i straightened the paperwork on the table , hiding my smile from her . 
 the amount was obviously more than she had expected . 
 she was still nodding to herself and murmuring that it was fine . 
 a slow look of relief was flooding her features . 
 i wanted so badly to ask what had happened to her since i saw her last , but now was not the appropriate time . 
 this was when i needed to put on my game face and have her sign the papers . 
 `` excellent . 
 i 'm glad that 's agreeable . 
 if you 'll just sign here ... and here ... and then fill out this section here , then i can have the medical bills taken care of and the sum wired to your account , '' i said , handing her a pen . 
 she took it from me , carefully reading the document before she signed . 
 i did n't hide my smile this time . 
 the only other person i knew who read legal documents completely before signing them was emma , and i was always impressed that she did . 
 after perusing the document , samantha signed her name with a flourish in the required areas . 
 her handwriting was small and neat , and she made sure everything was perfect before handing it back to me . 
 i carefully put the document back in the folder , sliding it into my purse before standing . 
 `` thank you , samantha . 
 can i get you anything before i go ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no thanks , '' she said , but then her brows tightened and she looked up and made eye contact . 
 `` are you going to go see robbie ? '' 
 i nodded before carefully pocketed my glasses , stowing them in the hard case and slipping them into my purse . 
 `` when you see him , will you tell him i 'm all right ? 
 and that i 'm not angry ? 
 i 'd really like it if he came and visited me . 
 for old time 's sake . '' 
 she bit her lip . 
 i had always suspected that the two of them had been on the verge of being more than just friends , but this confirmed my suspicions . 
 i wondered for a second what robbie 's life would have been like if she had n't moved . 
 `` you got it . 
 i 'm sure he 'll want to see you . '' 
 i gave her a warm smile , which she quickly returned . 
 `` thank you again , samantha . 
 i hope i get to see you again soon , though preferably not in the hospital next time . '' 
 samantha laughed , and she settled back into her pillows and book as i left the room . 
 i waved to the nurse at the front desk , humming softly as i walked across the damp asphalt of the parking lot . 
 at least this part of my day was going better than expected . 
 chapter 23 present day i parked carefully in front of the police station , making sure i was evenly between the two lines . 
 just because dean said he knew the sheriff , i did n't want to push my luck . 
 i just wanted to get robbie out with as little fanfare as possible and get him home to see his father . 
 the door chimed softly as i walked in . 
 it was a small building , barely more than a room and an office , with two barred cells along the back wall . 
 sitting in one of them was a very dejected-looking robbie . 
 he glanced up as i came in , and then put his head back in his hands to stare at the floor . 
 dean was leaning up against the chest-high wooden monstrosity of a desk , talking with a man in a crisp tan uniform . 
 `` how were things at the hospital ? '' 
 dean asked , and all three men looked up to hear my answer . 
 `` samantha 's doing fine . 
 she 's agreed not to press charges , '' i stated . 
 i heard a low sigh of relief come from the cell . 
 `` may i talk with robbie ? '' 
 `` yes , ma'am , you may . 
 dean and i here just have a few more things to fill out before you three can get on your way . '' 
 the sheriff gave me a friendly smile . 
 he stood up carefully from the stool behind the desk , limping as he walked to the back cage . 
 as he fit the key into the lock , i glanced at his name tape . 
 grinswald . 
 i wondered if it was the same matt grinswald that was on the beach with dean and me . 
 i almost asked , but i could wait until after talking to robbie . 
 `` hey , robbie . 
 you sober ? '' 
 i sat down next to him on the hard wooden bench . 
 he looked miserable . 
 he was wearing a pair of sweatpants that were too big with an oversized swat sweatshirt . 
 his light brown hair was messy , and his green eyes were rimmed with red ; i could n't tell if it was from being hung over or from crying . 
 `` sober . 
 unfortunately . '' 
 he sounded absolutely wretched . 
 `` i saw samantha . 
 she 's doing fine , and she wants me to tell you she is n't mad at you . '' 
 i put my hand on his shoulder . 
 he looked up briefly at my mention of samantha 's name , but his eyes went quickly back to the floor . 
 `` robbie , what 's going on ? 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 `` i 'm sitting here listening to the rain , '' he said . 
 i frowned . 
 `` that 's not what i meant and you know it . 
 you 're better than this , '' i said , gesturing to the jail cell . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 i 'm always going to be the fuck-up . 
 that 's my lot in life . '' 
 his back bristled under my fingers , but i kept my hand on him . 
 `` it 's only your lot in life if you make it that . 
 i 've seen you sail , robbie . 
 i 've seen drive and determination in you that would make jack look like an indecisive toddler . 
 you 're better than this , '' i told him . 
 i meant every word . 
 if he could only see how he shone when he was sailing ; if the world were a boat , he would be president , prime minister , and king . 
 i wished he could see what i saw in him . 
 `` unfortunately , you 're the only one who thinks that . '' 
 robbie looked up at me , his eyes angry and hurt . 
 `` my dying father thinks i 'll never amount to anything , my brother 's a billionaire ceo , and my mother 's a harpy . 
 what the hell am i supposed to do ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 my heart was breaking for him . 
 all i could see as i kept my hand on his back was the scared little boy i took home from his first sailing lesson . 
 maybe it was because i had just seen samantha , or maybe it was the smell of the water in the air , but to my eyes , he was just a little boy . 
 i rubbed his back , trying to think of how to convince him that he was better than he thought . 
 i had tried to keep my eye on him when he was a boy , but jack had been my real responsibility . 
 i tried my best , but there was n't a way for me to be in two places at once . 
 dean rapped gently on the bars , catching both our attention . 
 `` the sheriff has agreed to drop all charges . '' 
 the sheriff 's keys jangled as he opened the door , releasing the two of us into the office . 
 as i walked by dean , i whispered , `` that must be some favor he owed you . '' 
 `` nothing much , '' dean said with a shrug . 
 he put a strong hand on robbie 's shoulder , guiding him toward the exit . 
 `` all right , robbie , let 's get you home before anyone notices we were gone . '' 
 robbie stopped cold . 
 `` dad does n't know i 'm here ? '' 
 `` no . 
 no one but dean and i know you 're here . 
 well , and emma , but that 's just because she 's covering for us . 
 and you know she 'd never tell . '' 
 robbie blushed . 
 the anger seemed to wash out of him , his back going straighter and with more power and confidence in his stride . 
 he was n't going home to meet the firing squad anymore . 
 `` robert saunders . 
 i just need you to sign here and you 'll be free to go , '' the sheriff said , catching robbie 's attention . 
 robbie quickly picked up a pen and started signing the papers laid out on the desk as dean pointed to the various places that needed a signature . 
 i looked over at the sheriff , seeing his name tape again . 
 the hair was the right shade of blonde , and the eyes seemed familiar . 
 it was when he smiled at me that i knew it was matt . 
 the smile was exactly the same . 
 `` yes , rachel , i 'm that matt grinswald , '' he said with a laugh . 
 i felt my cheeks redden at being caught . 
 `` i did n't think you recognized me . 
 it 's been a long time . '' 
 i leaned up against the desk , feeling very young with dean and matt both standing there . 
 `` i would n't have if dean had n't said your name . 
 you look the same-i just never thought i 'd see any of you girls again . 
 how is jenny ? '' 
 he asked . 
 his pitch raised on jenny 's name and i wondered if he missed her as much as dean and i had missed one another . 
 `` she 's doing well . 
 she ended up marrying her high school sweetheart , but it did n't work out . 
 they got divorced about two years ago , but she 's got three amazing kids that i get to play `` aunt '' too . 
 i 'll tell her you said hi next time i see her , '' i said with a smile . 
 matt beamed . 
 `` please do . 
 i 'd love to buy her a drink sometime . '' 
 the big sheriff picked up robbie 's finished paperwork and flipped through it . 
 `` everything looks in order . 
 out you go , robbie . 
 i do n't want to see you in here again , understand ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 i 'll only be in here to be the bail-er , not the bail-ee , '' robbie said with a small grin . 
 the sheriff cracked a smile and nodded . 
 `` thanks , grinswald . 
 beers on thursday ? '' 
 dean asked as robbie opened the main door . 
 a loud , `` of course ! '' 
 followed us out of the station as grinswald clapped dean on the back . 
 robbie and i settled into the car , robbie taking the backseat , and it was only a moment before dean joined us . 
 `` i did n't know matt was so close nearby , '' i said as i started the car . 
 the engine purred as we headed back down the highway . 
 `` yeah , he was transferred up here last fall . 
 it 's nice to have one of the guys close by . '' 
 dean looked out the window and i knew he was thinking about frontera . 
 i wished he could have made it too . 
 `` what ever happened to jenny and kimberly ? 
 you said jenny got a divorce ? '' 
 i nodded , smiling at him . 
 this was n't something we had ever talked about since we started working together , and it felt nice . 
 `` jenny lives in jersey with her kids now . 
 kimberly is in la. . 
 she works in the movies and does some of her own painting on the side . '' 
 `` are they happy ? '' 
 dean asked quietly . 
 i could feel his eyes on me , their blue drawing me to them . 
 `` relatively . '' 
 it was a complicated answer . 
 they all were happy for the most part , though . 
 dean nodded and crossed his legs again , staring out the window at the oncoming evening . 
 the sun was just beginning to creep into the horizon , hints of starlight starting to peek through the silver clouds . 
 i watched the road , the black asphalt flying beneath our wheels as we sped back to our real lives , but all i wanted was to find that rainstorm world so i could be alone with dean again . 
 chapter 24 present day robbie passed me as i walked down the hallway toward daniel 's room . 
 his eyes were still rimmed with red , and his lips were pursed together as he walked the ornate carpet , his mind lost in thought . 
 i do n't think he even saw me as he paced back and forth down the long hallway . 
 i was n't sure he had even been in to see his father since we had brought him home , but at least he was in the house . 
 i knocked softly before entering the large room that had become daniel 's infirmary . 
 a large hospital bed took up the center of the room , an oxygen tank and an iv pole tucked carefully beside them . 
 bianca sat in a large easy chair in the corner , her feet tucked up under her as she typed on her laptop . 
 i could hear soft classical music , playing softly in the background . 
 know daniel , it was probably mozart . 
 daniel sat propped up in the bed , pillows and blankets tucked tightly around him . 
 his pale face was so gaunt that his eyes seemed to sink into his paper thin skin . 
 i remembered the healthy father whom had welcomed me into the saunders ' household . 
 where thick brown hair had once fallen into his eyes with a roguish flare , white wisps hung flat against his head . 
 he smiled as i entered , his lips thin and pale . 
 `` how you doing , old man ? '' 
 i asked , sitting next to the large bed . 
 daniel looked perturbed , but his eyes were twinkling . 
 `` i was going to go dancing , but bianca says her feet hurt , '' he answered . 
 bianca snorted from her chair , a smile crossing her face . 
 they had loved to dance . 
 `` well , i guess i 'll just have to get her new shoes for tomorrow night . '' 
 i reached for his hand , squeezing it gently . 
 i could feel the bones through his parchment-like skin . 
 `` robert came to see me today . 
 i mean , robbie . 
 he hates it when i call him robert , '' daniel said , a smile forming on his lips . 
 he had a fascination with the kennedys , and had always thought his children would grow up to do great things like their namesakes . 
 `` i had him tell me all about his last race . 
 i 'm sad i did n't get to see it . 
 it sounded like a marvelous race . 
 he said won , but it was close the whole time . 
 he says he has another one coming up in two weeks . '' 
 but daniel wo n't get to see it . 
 the words hung unspoken in the air like acrid smoke . 
 it was an offhand comment , but we all knew he would never see his son race again . 
 the silence was thick and uncomfortable . 
 daniel cleared his throat and adjusted the oxygen tube to his nose , trying to break the sudden tension . 
 `` so , rachel , what are you doing this evening ? 
 going dancing , i hope ? '' 
 daniel changed the topic . 
 i knew he wanted everyone to be happy . 
 he had accepted his death , and was going gracefully . 
 it was the rest of us that were having a hard time . 
 `` jack 's given me the night off , but i thought i would just hang around here . 
 i have work to catch up on , '' i said . 
 daniel frowned . 
 `` young lady , i will not have you hanging around here waiting for me to die . 
 i promise i wo n't go tonight . 
 go out . 
 go dancing . 
 i want to know you are having a fun evening , not moping around here . 
 i 'm tired of everyone putting their lives on hold waiting for me . 
 so get out of here , and go have some fun . '' 
 it would have been a marvelous speech , except his voice gave out and he began coughing at the end . 
 i held onto his hand , watching his thin body shake . 
 bianca stood , walking quickly to the oxygen tank and upping the flow . 
 it hissed like an angry snake , but daniel managed to take deeper breaths , his body settling back to normal . 
 i looked away from him , noticing the pictures on the nightstand next to the oxygen tank . 
 there was the picture of jack and daniel playing football in the handcrafted frame from that father 's day long ago . 
 the colors were worn and faded , the frame obviously having been displayed for many years . 
 next to it was a picture of a smiling robbie and daniel on a small sailing vessel . 
 a picture of the two boys sitting on my lap reading a dr. seuss book occupied another frame . 
 the last one was an old black and white picture of bianca blowing him a kiss . 
 a lump grew in my throat . 
 i did n't know how bianca managed to do this without bursting into tears at every moment . 
 she was a strong woman . 
 bianca smiled at her husband as the coughing stopped , running her fingers along his cheek . 
 he looked up at her with adoration in his eyes , catching her hand and kissing it gently . 
 she bent and kissed him back on his forehead before going back and sitting in her chair , watching him with loving eyes . 
 `` if it will make you feel better , i 'll go out . '' 
 i would do anything to make him happy . 
 `` there 's a restaurant i 've been wanting to try , '' i lied . 
 there was no restaurant . 
 i was n't even hungry , but i knew he wanted to see me go out and enjoy myself . 
 `` good . 
 and do n't think you can just hide downstairs . 
 i 'll send dean after you and have him drag you to that restaurant kicking and screaming . '' 
 he gave me one of his no-nonsense looks and i could n't help but smile . 
 `` that will be hard because it 's dean 's night off too , '' i said . 
 i stuck my tongue out at him . 
 `` oh , it is ? '' 
 daniel gave me a questioning look , but before i could read into it he shrugged and added , `` then i 'll just have to send bianca and emma . 
 they may not be able to lift you as easily , but between the two of them , i think they could at least get you tied up and in the car . '' 
 bianca gave a girlish giggle . 
 `` please , we 'd even get her tied to the chair at the restaurant . '' 
 i smiled at the image of the older woman wrapping me with rope like an old vaudeville villain while emma carried me into the car , the two of them cackling and twirling at their mustaches . 
 `` go out . 
 have a good time tonight . 
 please , it will make me feel better knowing that one of us is having a fun evening . '' 
 he looked up at me , his eyes still bright despite the paleness of his face . 
 i could n't say no to him . 
 `` all right . 
 i 'll go . 
 i 'm bringing you back some dessert , though . '' 
 i gave him a firm look , and he laughed . 
 i stood up and headed toward the door . 
 as i stepped outside , bianca called out after me , `` make sure it 's something chocolate ! '' 
 i could hear daniel laughing as i closed the door . 
 chapter 25 present day i had intended to go to a rustic italian restaurant just a few miles from the saunders ' mansion . 
 i had intended to walk in , sit down , eat lasagna and tiramisu , have a glass of wine , and then head back and take a long hot shower . 
 that was what i had intended . 
 instead , i was standing in front of dean 's apartment building . 
 i could see a light coming from his corner unit , the yellow window shining cheerfully into the dark night . 
 the wind blew across the yard , rattling the remaining leaves on the trees and making the fallen ones skitter across the sidewalk . 
 the moon hung low , orange and full against the night sky . 
 i was about to go back to my car , to drive to that little restaurant and actually do what i was supposed to do , but the memory of that kiss pulled at me . 
 now that we had kissed , even just once , i wanted more . 
 before i even knew what i was doing , my hand was knocking at his door . 
 i looked down at the brave appendage in shock , wondering what the hell i was thinking . 
 i needed to go home . 
 i needed to leave this where it was . 
 the wind blew my hair out of its bun , but i could n't find the rubber-band , so i just smoothed it down . 
 no good was going to come of this , only heartache . 
 i should turn around and run back to my car and just leave him thinking it was some doorbell ditch , i thought . 
 the door opened , allowing the warm light to spill out into the dark . 
 he stood there , wearing only pajama pants . 
 my mouth went wet , then immediately dry at the sight of his bare chest , the muscles taut and hard . 
 the eagle tattoo looked exactly the same , but now there was a scar from the bullet wound above the eagle 's head . 
 his n ** ples hardened as the night air hit them , and i had to force my eyes away from their perfection . 
 `` rachel ? 
 what are you doing here ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 his brows came together and he stepped out to put his hands on my shoulders . 
 `` is everything all right ? '' 
 a red-hot blush seared up my neck . 
 he was worried something had happened to daniel . 
 i was here because i could n't stop thinking about his kiss , not because anything was wrong . 
 i suddenly did n't know what to say . 
 `` here , come inside . 
 it 's cold out there . '' 
 he ushered me into his home , carefully shutting out the night behind me . 
 `` let me throw on a shirt . 
 i 'll be right back . 
 make yourself comfortable . '' 
 he disappeared into a small room off to the left that i assumed was his bedroom . 
 the apartment was comfortably furnished . 
 a brown leather sofa and recliner faced a huge tv , a gas fireplace 's flame dancing merrily underneath it . 
 a small , heavy wooden table with two chairs sat in the kitchen , but it was covered in mail and random odds and ends . 
 canvas paintings hung on every wall . 
 the one on the mantle i even suspected might be a renoir . 
 the man loved his art . 
 `` is everything okay ? '' 
 dean now wore a light gray t-shirt with the ds oil and gas logo emblazoned on the the front . 
 it was easier to think without his muscles tempting me to touch them . 
 the kitchen smelled delicious , and i could see something boiling on the stove . 
 i felt guilty for disrupting his night off . 
 `` please , take off your jacket and stay awhile . 
 you hungry ? 
 i made my favorite beef stew and i always make too much . '' 
 i carefully took off my shoes , placing them neatly by the door and setting my jacket on top of them . 
 `` i do n't mean to intrude . 
 i 'm not really even sure why i 'm even here . 
 i meant to go to this italian restaurant , but i missed the exit , and i do n't even remember turning off the highway . 
 suddenly , i was in your parking lot . '' 
 a fresh blush crept up the back of my neck and into my scalp . 
 somehow , i was as nervous as a girl on a first date . 
 dean laughed , a hearty and wonderful sound . 
 `` i 'm actually glad you came by . 
 it means i can stop picking up the phone every five minutes to try and get the courage to call you . 
 soup ? '' 
 `` yes , please . 
 it smells wonderful , '' i said , stepping into his bright kitchen . 
 everything was organized and meticulous , except for the couple of spots where the soup had splattered onto the stove . 
 he lifted the lid and ladled out a delicious looking stew into a large green bowl , handing the full bowl into my waiting hands . 
 `` here you go . 
 careful , it 's hot . 
 it 's a recipe i learned from one of the army cooks and then made into my own . 
 it is n't fancy , but it sure tastes good . '' 
 he gave me one of his perfect lopsided grins as he handed me a spoon . 
 his smile made the butterflies begin to dance in my stomach again . 
 `` we can sit on the couch . '' 
 while he poured himself a bowl , i headed over to the brown leather sofa . 
 it was worn and soft , giving the entire room a comfortable feeling . 
 i balanced the bowl on my lap and raised a spoonful to my mouth . 
 flavor rushed across my tongue , the beef and vegetables combining with just enough spice to make my mouth water for more . 
 `` this is delicious ! '' 
 i took another bite , savoring the meaty broth and the bits of potatoes and carrots . 
 `` i did n't know you could cook . '' 
 dean sat down on the couch next to me , close enough to make my heart speed up , but far enough away to be considered proper . 
 `` i ca n't really cook . 
 this is probably the only thing i know how to make , but i just really know how to make it . '' 
 i took another bite of the hearty stew , enjoying just sitting next to dean . 
 i felt like i was floating on air , my nerves frazzled and excited . 
 it 's just dean , i told myself , but that was the problem . 
 i had tried to ignore it , but today 's kiss had hammered it home . 
 i still loved him . 
 he made me feel safe and warm , yet adventurous and exciting all at the same time . 
 i peeked a glance over at him as he blew on his soup , his mouth making a perfect , kissable circle . 
 i wondered if i made him feel the same way . 
 before i knew it , i was scraping the bottom of the bowl . 
 i looked down at it , surprised . 
 i had n't even realized i was hungry . 
 it was the first time i had finished a meal all week . 
 dean looked over and grinned at my empty bowl . 
 `` looks like you liked it . '' 
 pride at his cooking rippled through his voice . 
 i smiled . 
 it had been fantastic . 
 `` do you want some more ? 
 i have plenty . '' 
 `` maybe in a little bit . 
 i ca n't believe i ate all of it . 
 it was wonderful . '' 
 i handed him my bowl and he grinned at my praise . 
 he sauntered into the kitchen and i had to focus to keep from watching his perfect ass . 
 the pajama pants did nothing to hide that it was as muscular as the rest of his body . 
 `` can i get you a drink ? '' 
 he called from the kitchen . 
 `` um , sure . 
 what do you have ? '' 
 i asked , stretching my arms out above my head . 
 the soft leather creaked as i stood up and followed him to the kitchen . 
 he was standing in his pantry , frowning at a bottle in his hands . 
 he turned and held it up for me to see . 
 `` it looks like all i have is this champagne , '' he apologized . 
 `` i have n't been home for a while , and this is all i have . '' 
 i noticed the repetition . 
 he sounded a little nervous . 
 i took the bottle and looked at the label . 
 it was definitely something left over from a wedding or even a new year 's eve party , but it still sounded good . 
 i handed it back and smiled . 
 `` works for me . '' 
 with deliberate fingers , he unwrapped the foil and twisted the thin metal holding the cork . 
 i jumped when the cork flew out into his waiting kitchen towel . 
 he laughed gently and grinned at my surprise . 
 `` glasses are in that cabinet there , '' he said , gesturing with his head to one of the wooden doors . 
 i opened it to find a neat row of glassware , and pulled out two slender glasses and set them on the counter next to him . 
 he poured the bubbling golden liquid , and we each picked one up . 
 `` what should we toast to ? '' 
 dean asked . 
 he raised his glass , stopping just short of tapping mine . 
 `` to old friends , '' i answered . 
 he smiled at the similarity to our first toast with champagne . 
 `` to old friends , '' he said softly , and we clinked our glasses and took a sip . 
 i closed my eyes and was transported back in time , back to the night i met dean . 
 the champagne even tasted the same . 
 dean was so close to me that i could feel his body heat radiating toward me . 
 his head bent slightly so he leaned over me , the two of us almost pressed together in the small kitchen . 
 my heart pounded in my chest , a light-headed happiness filling me up like a cup . 
 every fiber of my being prayed he would just lean forward a little bit more , just enough for our lips to touch . 
 i rose onto my toes , straining to bridge the distance between us , to kiss him again . 
 he stepped back , his lips pressed into a thin line . 
 `` rachel , we ca n't ... '' he looked at me , his eyes full of desire but pleading with me , as if they just wanted me to understand . 
 i set the glass down , smoothing my hair into it 's normal tight bun , finding a spare hair-tie in my pocket . 
 he was being the responsible one . 
 he was the one making sure we did n't do something we were going to regret later . 
 i hung my head , a blush searing through my cheeks . 
 `` i 'm sorry , dean . 
 i should n't have come . '' 
 i turned and headed toward the door , biting my lip to keep the emotions bottled up . 
 i could let them out once i was in the car , but i did n't want him to see me break . 
 `` thank you for the lovely dinner . '' 
 i was two steps away from the door when his hand caught my wrist . 
 he pulled gently , spinning me into his chest and wrapping his arms around me . 
 his lips pressed into mine , full of need and want . 
 i opened my mouth , his tongue slipping in and finding mine . 
 he tasted better than anything i could have imagined . 
 dean 's body pressed into mine , his muscles hard and flexed as he held me to him , his gentle hands holding the back of my neck and pulling me into him . 
 i moaned softly , the years of wanting him surging to the surface . 
 `` please do n't go , '' he whispered as we both stopped to breathe . 
 our foreheads were pressed together , and we both took big , unsteady breaths . 
 i could n't have left if i wanted to . 
 `` never leave again . '' 
 i kissed him again , wrapping my arm around his neck as he wrapped his arms around my waist . 
 it was a hungry , desperate kiss , full of years of lost desire . 
 i wanted him more than i had ever wanted anything in my life . 
 and he was right there , kissing me back , asking me to stay . 
 i felt a tear trickle down my cheek , but it was one of pure joy . 
 my hand went to the bottom of his shirt and pulled upward . 
 i had wanted to touch those muscles from the moment he had opened the door . 
 he casually raised it over his head and flung it to the floor . 
 his blue eyes twinkled in the light of the kitchen as i ran my fingers across his flesh . 
 he let his head fall back with a low moan . 
 i leaned forward and kissed his hardening n ** ples , tasting them like candy . 
 his skin was delicious . 
 without warning , dean scooped me up . 
 i wrapped my arms around his neck and kissed him , drinking him in as he carried me to the bedroom . 
 his muscles were hard and strong underneath me , and he never struggled with my weight , moving across the room as though i were light as a feather . 
 he set me down carefully on the tall bed , never letting the kiss between us stop . 
 my fingers ran up and down his arms and back , desperate to touch every inch of his skin . 
 he broke free of my kiss , pulling back and looking me over as i lay on his bed . 
 he smiled appreciatively . 
 `` god , you 're beautiful , '' he whispered . 
 he blinked as though he had n't actually intended to say it out loud . 
 i was glad for the dark in the room as a satisfied blush flared across my cheeks . 
 `` even now ? '' 
 i asked quietly . 
 i knew i was n't the girl i had been twenty years ago , and part of me was afraid he would see only the changes . 
 he leaned forward , his eyes dark and full of barely contained lust . 
 `` especially now . '' 
 his hands went to the top button of my dress shirt . 
 his lips twitched up to one side in a cocky grin as he slowly unbuttoned , moving down to the next as soon as it was free . 
 he leaned forward , kissing the newly revealed skin , savoring it . 
 with every kiss , the spark of desire burned brighter within me . 
 at the rate i was going , i was going to be a raging inferno of lust by the time he got my shirt off . 
 with delicious slowness , he worked his way to the last button , opening the shirt and running his fingers along my skin . 
 a low moan of pure want escaped my lips . 
 with every touch , every look he was igniting flames along my nerves . 
 his fingers traced lazy circles across my stomach , slowly creeping lower and lower to the band of my pants . 
 the button opened easily , and i lifted my h * ps as he tugged gently on my pants . 
 he continued with his policy of kissing every inch of skin bared to him , his tongue grazing the soft flesh of my thigh down to my calves . 
 i leaned my head back into the pillow , losing myself to the sensation . 
 his teeth nibbled on the tender fold of my knee , his breath hot on my exposed skin . 
 i lay on the bed , bare but for my panties , bra , and open shirt . 
 every touch sent a thrill straight into the core of my body . 
 dean worked his way back up my legs , his soft kisses tickling the sensitive skin of my inner thigh . 
 i sat up , taking his chin in my fingers and bringing him in to kiss my mouth . 
 i needed his kiss . 
 his fingers slipped the shirt from my shoulders , and he escaped my hungry mouth to kiss their bare tops . 
 i moaned , tangling my fingers in his short hair . 
 one graceful finger slid along the length of my bra strap , tracing the lacy fabric down across the tops of my br ** sts . 
 i was breathing hard , my chest rising and falling with his finger . 
 a shiver of anticipation rolled through me . 
 he leaned forward and kissed the top of my right breast . 
 my heart fluttered in my chest , the primal ache growing harder to resist . 
 i wanted his body so badly i could taste it , but i did n't want to stop . 
 his every touch was a drug , and i was hooked . 
 dean 's warm hand caressed my side , tracing the bra to the back clasp . 
 he struggled with it for a moment , finally making a frustrated noise as the clasp refused to yield . 
 he looked up at me , his disappointment and insurmountable need pouring over me . 
 my breath caught at his gaze , the sheer volume of desire catching me off guard . 
 i giggled , twisting my hands behind me to do it myself . 
 i felt the wire release , and slowly , i lowered the lacy fabric . 
 i bit my lip , watching dean 's face as the fabric fell away . 
 his eyes dilated and his mouth opened in wordless appreciation . 
 his eyes met mine , dark and hungry . 
 i was vibrating with want for him . 
 with that perfect half-smile , he reached past my ear , snagging the hair-band holding my hair . 
 my hair fell from the makeshift bun in dark waves around my shoulders . 
 dean hissed with appreciation , making me feel like the most beautiful creature on the face of the earth . 
 `` so damn beautiful , '' he murmured . 
 his mouth found my breast , gently pushing me back onto the pillow with his hand . 
 his tongue strummed the pink flesh like a guitar string , sending beautiful vibrations through my body . 
 i pressed his head into my chest , arching my back to give him better access . 
 a jolt of pleasure surged through me as his fingers found my pleasure center . 
 he made slow circles on the outside of my light pink panties , revving my internal engines to full power . 
 i lost all sense of time and space . 
 the only thing that existed was dean and my pleasure . 
 it was n't long before the sheer intensity of the fire burning within me overcame all my senses . 
 ecstasy rolled through me in waves , pure bliss washing through every fiber of my being . 
 when i could breathe again , i reached for him . 
 i did n't want to wait any longer . 
 i craved him . 
 i needed him . 
 i had needed him for so long and i did n't have to wait any longer . 
 i clawed at his pants , desperate to have him . 
 he laughed as he wiggled free , showing me that he did n't have anything on underneath . 
 no wonder his ass had looked so good . 
 he stood before , bathed in soft moonlight . 
 he moved to the nightstand , fishing a small square packet from a corner drawer and hastily putting it on . 
 he did n't want to wait any longer either . 
 he was between my legs in less than a moment , his masculine scent heady and intoxicating . 
 i could feel his massive manhood pressing against me , seeking entrance , and as we made eye contact , he entered . 
 my body sang with pleasure . 
 i cried out his name , feeling the two of us finally joining as one . 
 we were no longer separate or alone . 
 we were together . 
 i gripped the headboard , feeling my knuckles go white as he delved deeply into me . 
 my back arched with every thrust , wanting to take him ever deeper inside of me . 
 our eyes never left one another . 
 his winter-blue eyes peered into my soul , the two of us speaking volumes without words . 
 he kissed me softly , his lips gentle yet insistent for more . 
 my body was on fire for his touch , the ache unbearable . 
 i wrapped my legs around him , and with all my strength rolled to the side . 
 he made a surprised growl , but grinned as he saw me straddle him . 
 he moved his hands to the headboard , groaning softly as i began to writhe up and down , sliding and enjoying every inch of him . 
 his face contorted into a mask of pleasure , his arms tensing as i found a rhythm . 
 i could barely stand it , the pleasure of having him inside me coursing through me in waves . 
 every centimeter , every touch was something i had craved . 
 i had dreamed of this for twenty years , and the reality was so much better than the fantasy . 
 i slowed my pace and leaned down to kiss him . 
 as if waiting for his moment , he wrapped his arms around me and flipped me back onto my back . 
 i did n't mind , though . 
 i loved looking up , seeing his arms and chest flexing above me and the way his waist tapered into a delicious v. his h * ps rocked back and forth , sending undulations of pleasure into me . 
 his pace quickened , his breathing coming in shallow pants . 
 his eyes drifted closed as sweet cli ** x washed over him . 
 i cried out , and dean 's low ragged answering groan filled my ears . 
 i clung to him , pulling him into me , never wanting him to leave . 
 i felt his release wash over the inside of my body . 
 with slowing strokes , he shuddered and his body relaxed . 
 moments later , he rolled to his side , his eyes searching my face . 
 happiness like i had n't seen in years spread across his features . 
 he brushed the hair out of my eyes , smiling as he kissed me . 
 my world was perfect . 
 the dark night wrapped the two of us like a warm blanket . 
 i could hear the fire crackle in the other room . 
 dean was solid beside me , his arms wrapped tight around me as though he were afraid i might run off into the night . 
 i never wanted to leave . 
 the moon peeked through the window , casting the room in silver shadows . 
 the light danced across the sheets , turning them into an ocean of pleasure , and the air sparkled with promise . 
 a single moonbeam soared through the window , landing on a small painting on dean 's nightstand . 
 i sat up on my elbow , peering over him to look at it . 
 it was the painting from the beach . 
 `` what are you looking at ? '' 
 dean asked . 
 his voice was rough and incredibly sexy . 
 a shiver of desire went up my spine , and i kissed his cheek before leaning over and picking it up . 
 he cocked his head , a boyish grin on his face as my chest passed in front of his face , but i managed to pick up the painting and settle back into the nook of his arm . 
 `` i ca n't believe you still have this , '' i said softly , tracing the dark lines of the silhouette . 
 he cuddled me in closer to him , his lips against my hair . 
 `` i told you , i went back and got it . 
 it 's my favorite work of art . '' 
 his breath tickled against my cheek . 
 `` even more than the renoir on your mantle ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i had a feeling it was real , but if it was n't , it was still expertly done . 
 if it was real , it was worth a fortune . 
 `` even more than the renoir . '' 
 he kissed me softly . 
 `` i only have a love of art because you gave it to me . '' 
 `` i love you , dean . '' 
 the words came out easily , as though i had always said them . 
 in my heart , i had said them every day since i had met him . 
 he squeezed me tighter , his arms strong and safe . 
 `` i love you , too . '' 
 he whispered . 
 no words had ever felt so good . 
 happiness and contentment surged through every inch of my being . 
 things felt right in the world . 
 he nuzzled my hair , kissing me gently . 
 i nestled into the crook of his arm , resting my ear against his chest . 
 his heart beat in my ear , rhythmic and soothing . 
 `` i can hear your heart beat , '' i whispered . 
 `` it beats for you . 
 it always has , '' he whispered back . 
 i smiled , closing my eyes and simply enjoying being with the love of my life . 
 dean 's heart pulsed , my own heart matching his mesmerizing rhythm as i drifted off to sleep . 
 chapter 26 present day i woke up the next morning to find that dean was already out of bed . 
 the room seemed empty without him . 
 i glanced at the painting on the nightstand , the woman still defiant against the storm after all these years . 
 it made me smile that he had kept it . 
 the floor was cold to my bare feet as i stumbled into the bathroom . 
 sitting on the toilet seat was a clean pair of sweats and a plain gray t-shirt . 
 i slid the comfortable clothing on , rolling the waist band to keep the pants up . 
 the shirt smelled like dean , and i breathed it in , enjoying the scent . 
 i giggled as i realized there was no way he was going to get this t-shirt back . 
 well , maybe , when it lost that wonderful smell and needed refreshing . 
 the rest of the apartment was quiet , but i found a pot of coffee ready with a note in dean 's messy handwriting . 
 good morning beautiful , i did n't want to wake you , but i 'm getting breakfast . 
 creamer 's in the fridge . 
 i love you . 
 i folded the note and stuck it in my pocket . 
 even though it was just a simple message , it felt dear to me . 
 maybe it was because i had wanted simple notes like this , simple mornings like this , for a very , very long time . 
 the creamer was about the only thing in the fridge . 
 that and a jar of pickles . 
 when he said he had n't been home much , he was n't kidding . 
 i poured a cup of coffee and wandered over to the couch , sipping at the dark liquid . 
 dean had good taste in coffee . 
 i could get used to spending mornings here . 
 maybe he would even give me a drawer to keep my things in . 
 the thought of getting to fall asleep wrapped up in dean 's arms and then wake up in the morning and have breakfast , made me giddy . 
 in my mind i could see the two of us getting ready for work together ... work was a problem . 
 dread settled in the pit of my stomach . 
 we could both be fired for this . 
 i could hear daniel 's voice , repeating the conversation we had when dean was hired . 
 `` thank you for telling me about your prior relationship with this man . 
 you understand that i have to enforce the employee contract . 
 if i make an exception for you , i will have to make exceptions for others . 
 the whole point of the employee contract was to negate that issue , '' daniel said . 
 he stood tall in his office . 
 there were boxes on the desk , though , the first sign that his illness was forcing him to hand the reigns over to jack . 
 `` i do n't think it will be a problem . 
 i do n't see the two of us getting back together . 
 i just felt it was important to tell you . 
 i did n't want it to come up later and be an issue . '' 
 i stood straight and tall in front of his desk . 
 i had been afraid that he would be angry . 
 `` oh , rachel . '' 
 he gave me a big smile and came around the desk , putting his hands on my shoulders . 
 `` you are allowed to have a life outside of this company . 
 in fact , i 'd love it if you met someone and made me a godfather . 
 i think you 'll find someone better than a washed up soldier to make you happy , so i 'm not going to waver on this . '' 
 `` i understand . 
 i really do n't think it 's going to be a problem . 
 those feelings , i do n't think they 'll ever be what they were before , '' i said . 
 it was true . 
 i was sure after our interview that he hated my guts . 
 he hugged me then , his arms strong as he squeezed me close . 
 `` you are the daughter i never had . 
 i really do just want you to be happy . '' 
 how were we going to make this work ? 
 i knew after last night , i would never be content to just sit back and watch him . 
 now that dean was in my life , now that we were together , i could n't give him up . 
 we could try and hide our relationship , but sooner or later it would come out and one , or both , of us would be out of a job . 
 the contract was clear . 
 irrational fears started to fly through my brain . 
 we were both going to be fired and we would end up homeless on the street . 
 jack would never let that happen , and even if it did , at least you 'd still be together , the little voice in my head whispered . 
 i sagged into the couch . 
 the leather was soft and smelled good , but i did n't cuddle into it . 
 i knew i was just waiting for the universe to rip us apart again . 
 my heart was a mess . 
 it had broken when he left me the first time . 
 it had broken when i hired him and had to ignore him . 
 now it was breaking because i was going to have to lose him . 
 it was either lose him or lose the job and the people i considered a family with it . 
 a tear trickled down my cheek . 
 this roller coaster of emotions was going to drive me insane . 
 i wiped at my cheek angrily . 
 this was getting me no where . 
 sitting here and crying because some stupid employee contract said that i could n't date the man of my dreams was ridiculous . 
 i was n't going to just sit around and let him get away from me again . 
 i was going to talk to jack . 
 i was going to fix this . 
 there was no reason for me to be upset . 
 no reason for us to go through the pain of losing one another again for something as equally trivial as the last time . 
 the sound of the front door opening pulled me from my thoughts . 
 dean gave me a huge grin as he walked in the door , the smell of food wafting out of a paper bag . 
 i quickly changed my expression , putting on a happy face . 
 i wanted us to be happy . 
 i did n't want him to worry about his job , or mine . 
 i just wanted to enjoy this morning . 
 i silenced the voices of worry . 
 just enjoy what you have . 
 dean kissed the top of my head , my hair messy around my shoulders . 
 the couch creaked softly as he sat next to me . 
 he pushed one of the dark brown strands behind my ear and gave me a kiss on the nose . 
 `` now , let 's have some breakfast . 
 i got those english muffin sandwiches i know you like . '' 
 i could n't help but smile as he reached for the paper bag with the food inside . 
 he handed me a paper wrapped sandwich , the smells of egg and cheese making my mouth water . 
 i was hungrier than i had thought . 
 i was half-way through my sandwich , leaning against dean in a happy silence , ignoring the warning in my heart , when my phone started to ring . 
 i still had an hour before i was expected to be back at work , but i hurried over to my purse to pick it up . 
 `` rachel ! 
 oh , thank heaven , '' emma cried into the phone . 
 `` i was so afraid i was n't going to reach you in time . '' 
 `` emma , what 's happening ? '' 
 a note of panic crept into my voice . 
 `` it 's daniel . 
 he 's not doing well . 
 and he 's asking for you . 
 you need to come soon . '' 
 i could practically hear the tears running down her face . 
 she loved the old man . 
 i felt the phone tremble in my hand . 
 `` i 'll be there in just a couple of minutes . '' 
 `` okay . 
 hurry , '' emma said . 
 i clicked off the phone and stared at it for a moment . 
 dean took my hands in his . 
 `` i 'll drive you . 
 let 's go . '' 
 chapter 27 present day i pulled my hair up into a bun as dean parked the car in front of the saunders ' mansion . 
 even from here i could tell something was wrong . 
 the feeling of a string about to be cut vibrated out of the house . 
 dark shadows cast up onto the porch , the autumn morning sun still cold . 
 i shivered and pulled a sweater up around my shoulders . 
 i stepped out of the car , making sure my shirt hung straight . 
 i always carried a change of clothes in my car . 
 in my line of work , you never knew when you would be stuck at the office overnight . 
 or sleeping at your boyfriend 's place for the first time . 
 emma hurried out to greet us . 
 she ran barefoot across the wet grass , the hem on her pants growing darker with every step . 
 she hugged her arms around her , keeping herself warm as well as from falling apart . 
 tear stains already streaked her face . 
 she did n't even bat an eyelash at the fact that we had arrived together , instead grabbing my hand and hurrying me toward the house . 
 `` what happened , emma ? 
 is he ... '' i asked . 
 a lump in my throat had started forming the instant she had called , and it had n't stopped growing . 
 i did n't want to be late . 
 i had to say goodbye . 
 `` no , he 's still here . 
 he woke up early and started having trouble breathing . 
 the oxygen was n't helping anymore , and we got the doctor ... he says it wo n't be long now . '' 
 emma choked on the last few words , her voice failing her . 
 i stopped in my tracks , pulling emma in for a hug . 
 she clung to me like a child , her bare feet cold on the wooden porch , her sobs shaking her body . 
 i held her , my own heart numb . 
 i had dreaded this day for months . 
 if not for the cold wind making emma 's hair whip against my face , i would have thought it a bad dream . 
 it did n't feel real . 
 dean opened the main door , making it creak and shaking us out of our hug . 
 a tension was floating through the house , like the calm before a storm ; i knew we did n't have much time . 
 we hurried into the house , dean a solid presence behind us . 
 i knew he was n't close to daniel , but the two women in his life were . 
 emma and i bounded up the main staircase , my fear of losing him before i got to say goodbye spurring me to go faster . 
 i slowed once i reached the door . 
 bianca was sitting on the floor outside his room . 
 she looked as though a giant child had simply set her down after playing with her like a doll . 
 bianca 's blonde hair was perfectly coiffed , her pantsuit pressed and neat , but her legs splayed out in front of her and her eyes stared , unseeing . 
 jack had her hand in his as he knelt beside her , whispering soft words to try and move her to a chair nearby . 
 she just kept shaking her head and staring into space . 
 i swallowed against the tears that threatened to rise out of my chest . 
 if i was n't careful , it felt as though a sob would just explode out of me , so i kept it inside , feeling its claws rip me apart . 
 dean placed his hand on my shoulder . 
 it was a small gesture , but just having him beside me was enough to give me strength . 
 i did n't know what i would do if i did n't have him there . 
 emma hurried to jack 's side , taking bianca 's other hand and pulling gently . 
 between the two of them , they managed to get her into a high-backed chair next to the door . 
 the door was cracked open , and i peeked inside . 
 jack shook his head , warning me not to go inside yet . 
 i could see robbie kneeling by the head of his father 's bed . 
 daniel 's hand rested on his shoulder , a soft smile across his thin lips . 
 robbie 's shoulders shook slightly , and daniel motioned him to come closer . 
 i watched as daniel whispered something into robbie 's ear , robbie 's spine going stiff . 
 from my vantage point , i could see daniel smile , pulling his son toward him for a hug with weak arms . 
 robbie leaned into his father for a moment , a sob shaking out of his chest , but then broke away and ran blindly for the door . 
 i stepped aside before he could hit me on his way out , tears streaking his face . 
 a mask of pain twisted his features as he hurried to a space down the hall . 
 he wanted to run out the door , run away from the pain , but something held him firm to the hallway , so he paced it like a caged animal . 
 i watched him for a moment , wondering what daniel could have said to make him react like that . 
 my heart ached for the boy . 
 there was so much pain today . 
 i wanted to chase after him , to hold him in my arms like i did when he was small and tell him it was going to be all right . 
 i knew that was n't what he wanted right now , though , so i stayed by the door . 
 `` rachel , '' daniel called weakly . 
 i turned to see him smiling at me through the open door . 
 i stepped inside , closing the door behind me firmly . 
 everyone in the hallway had already spoken with him , and i wanted a moment alone with the man i considered a father . 
 `` hi , daniel , '' i said . 
 my voice trembled on his name . 
 he patted the bedspread beside him , his hand struggling at the simple motion . 
 the room seemed immensely large as i crossed it , and daniel , suddenly tiny in his huge bed . 
 i sat down , taking his hand in both of mine . 
 `` rachel , you know i love you like a daughter ? 
 i 've only ever wanted what was best for my children , and it seems i 've failed all of them in some way . 
 i 'm hoping that i can change some of that . '' 
 he stopped , a fit of coughing overtaking him . 
 death stalked the corners of the room . 
 i waited until he regained his breath before speaking . 
 `` you 've never failed me , daniel . 
 you 're the closest and best thing i 've ever had to a father . 
 i 'm proud that you consider me one of your own , '' i said . 
 a tear trickled down my cheek , and i wiped it away with the back of my hand . 
 daniel gave me a weak smile . 
 the light was fading from his eyes . 
 they looked clouded and distant , as if the spark was fading . 
 he looked at me , but he was seeing through me . 
 `` there should be love in your life . 
 he 's good for you , rachel . 
 i wish i could have seen it earlier , but the two of you complement one another . 
 he is the shadow to your light . 
 neither one is complete without the other , '' he whispered . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 i shook my head and felt another tear escape . 
 this one i did n't even bother wiping . 
 `` you do n't have to . 
 just an old man rambling on his deathbed . '' 
 his eyes focused back on me . 
 `` i love you , rachel , as i love all my children . '' 
 his breath caught again , his lungs struggling for air , but his body was so weak the bed did n't even tremble with his effort . 
 i held his hand , unable to do anything . 
 when it stopped again , he squeezed my hand and smiled . 
 `` will you send in my wife ? 
 she 's been my constant for my entire life . 
 everyone deserves a love like ours . 
 something that will never end . '' 
 i nodded , sniffling back my tears . 
 with shaking hands , i released his bony one , placing it gently on the white bedspread . 
 i kissed his forehead , and one of my tears dripped off my cheek and onto his pillow . 
 he closed his eyes and smiled up at me . 
 his face was losing the lines of pain , paling as he came closer to finding relief . 
 i opened the door , leaning heavily against the door-frame . 
 my mind was nothing but fog and tears . 
 bianca floated from the chair to the door , as if she had heard him calling . 
 he smiled , his eyes growing bright for a moment as he saw her approach . 
 she wiped her cheek with her hand and crawled up into the bed with him . 
 he wrapped his thin arms around her , pulling her close to him and whispering into her ear . 
 she nodded , and he smiled , stroking her hair for a moment . 
 daniel 's children stood in the doorway . 
 jack held emma close to him , his hand smoothing her hair as she cried quietly into his chest . 
 robbie leaned against the wall , his face now devoid of emotion . 
 he stood there staring off into space , his breathing short and choppy . 
 dean stood off to the side and out of the way , but he put his hand on my shoulder . 
 i reached up and grabbed it , drawing on his strength to get me through this . 
 we all stood there , waiting . 
 daniel 's hands went still . 
 his chest stopped moving . 
 but bianca never let him go . 
 chapter 28 present day the rest of the day was a blur . 
 all i felt was pain , the gray shadows of memory taunting me with daniel 's life . 
 he had been my friend , my father , and my employer . 
 despite months of preparation , it had come too soon . 
 his absence left a hole in my heart that could never be filled . 
 the doctor entered the room , checking daniel 's limp wrist for a pulse . 
 bianca clung to him , her eyes shut as she willed him to still be alive . 
 the doctor carefully worked around her , performing the necessary checks before quietly leaving the room . 
 he put his hand on jack 's shoulder as he left , murmuring the words , `` i 'm sorry , '' he said , and jack nodded , but i do n't think he actually heard him . 
 his eyes were glued to the bedroom , tears silently running down his face . 
 upon the doctor 's apology , robbie stood . 
 he stared at those of us in the doorway for a moment before taking off down the stairs . 
 i heard the front door slam , but i let him go . 
 a minute later , i could hear the roar of an engine as he drove off . 
 i hoped he was going to his boat . 
 at least he could find solace there . 
 time passed , but no one else moved . 
 a light touch on my shoulder from one of the funeral home attendants told me they had arrived . 
 we shifted awkwardly from the door ; my legs were numb , as though they had fallen asleep . 
 i wondered what time it was , but realized that i did n't care . 
 the attendants went to daniel 's body , but bianca refused to leave her beloved husband . 
 he was gone , but she held onto him and refused to let go . 
 jack , emma , and i had to pull her off of him . 
 her screams and pleas rang in my ears as we slowly coaxed her off the bed . 
 as daniel was taken away , she collapsed to the floor , sobs racking her body as jack took her in his arms . 
 he held her , the two of them rocking slowly back and forth as he let her cry . 
 i turned and left , not wanting to see her pain . 
 my own chest felt like lead . 
 it was hard to move , and i just wanted to curl up in a ball and hide . 
 or wake up and find out it 'd it all just been a horrible dream . 
 i wished dean could take me up in his arms , to just let him hold me and take my pain away . 
 but we could n't . 
 he found small ways to make it easier , though-pushing food in front of me , telling me i needed to eat as i attended to business . 
 he would put his hand on my shoulder whenever he walked by , and he gave me a kiss on the cheek when he thought no one else was around . 
 we had to be careful not to appear as anything more than friends . 
 i finally locked myself in the guest room to work . 
 i had to notify the shareholders , the media , and the company , as well as put the funeral plans into motion . 
 i went through my job like a robot , my head in a gray fog of loss , but getting things done nonetheless . 
 i tried not to think about anything . 
 *** i woke up the next morning , still fully clothed on the guest bed , my hair messy and my face smeared with tears . 
 i did n't even remember falling asleep . 
 i zombie-walked to the shower , turning on the water so it would warm up . 
 i stood there staring at the rising steam and i wished i could have dean with me . 
 i gave serious thought to texting him , so that he might come to my room and hold me in the shower . 
 before i knew what i was doing-before i even bothered to think of the consequences-my phone was open , and i was calling dean 's number . 
 he picked up on the second ring . 
 `` can you get away for a little bit ? 
 i 'd like to see you , '' i said . 
 i felt breathless and giddy . 
 `` i 'll be there in just a minute , '' dean answered . 
 the phone went silent , and i stared at it in my hand . 
 what am i doing ? 
 i thought to myself . 
 if we got caught , both our jobs would be up for evaluation from the board . 
 jack and emma would n't have any say in it because we broke the rules of the employee contract . 
 but i needed him . 
 there was a soft knock on the door , and i hurried to unlock it . 
 dean stood in the hallway , his eyes almost gray with worry . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 i came by last night but the door was locked , and you were n't answering . '' 
 he stepped into the room , closing the door behind him . 
 `` i was worried about you . '' 
 as soon as the door was shut , i fell into him . 
 he wrapped his arms around me , holding me close to him . 
 my worry and pain seemed to fade as long as he was touching me . 
 when he was with me , i felt like things were going to be all right . 
 it did n't hurt so much when he could help carry my heavy heart . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i just crashed . '' 
 my words were muffled by his chest . 
 he took a deep breath and smoothed my hair . 
 `` it 's okay , '' he said , and kissed the top of my head . 
 `` is your shower running ? '' 
 i pulled back with a sheepish grin . 
 he cocked his head a little , clearly wondering what i was up to . 
 `` i was actually hoping you might join me . '' 
 i bit my lip . 
 there were hundreds of reasons he should say no , but i hoped he would say yes . 
 he hesitated for a moment , then smiled . 
 `` get in the water , '' he said , giving me a gentle push toward the bathroom . 
 i was n't sure he was coming until he started untying his shoes . 
 `` you 've got fifteen minutes before i have to be anywhere . '' 
 i gave him the biggest smile i could manage and hurried to the bathroom door . 
 he padded behind me on bare feet , stripping his shirt as he went . 
 inside the bathroom , i pulled yesterday 's dirty shirt over my head , shaking my hair free of what was left of my bun . 
 steam was filling the tiled bathroom , but i could still clearly see the definition in dean 's chest . 
 i shimmied out of my pants , and quickly slipped off my undergarments before stepping into the hot water . 
 it felt marvelous to get clean . 
 the glass door clicked shut as dean walked in behind me . 
 the water came down hard and hot , pounding on my head and soaking me from head to toe . 
 it felt wonderful . 
 my shoulders eased down as the stress , sweat , and tears from the night before washed away . 
 i closed my eyes , losing myself to the steady thrum of the water on my head . 
 i could feel dean behind me , a solid presence that was waiting patiently for me with a bottle of shampoo in his hands . 
 i stepped out of the flow of water , slowly wiping my eyes and looking up at dean . 
 he carefully poured shampoo into his hand , clicked the top shut , and moved in next to me . 
 the water bounced off my skin and onto his , his tattoo starting to shine in the water . 
 with gentle hands , he worked the suds into my hair . 
 his fingers made slow circles , massaging my scalp . 
 i closed my eyes , focusing only on the wonderful sensation of being cared for . 
 he braced one hand against my forehead , pushing me back gently into the shower head . 
 the hot water sluiced through my hair , but because of his hand , never went near my eyes . 
 the shampoo suds slid down my back as he gently worked the soap out of my hair . 
 when my hair was fully rinsed , he released his hand and reached for the bottle of conditioner , letting me stay in the water as he poured it into his hand . 
 i stepped out , blinking water droplets from my eyelashes as he again worked his hands through my hair . 
 he combed my wet tresses with his fingers , never pulling as he worked the conditioner into every strand of dark hair . 
 it was the most luxurious , and intimate , experience of my life . 
 he leaned me back into the water again , working the conditioner out of my hair in the hot water . 
 i loved dean for taking care of me when i needed it most . 
 from out of nowhere , a sob escaped my chest . 
 i had n't even realized i had been holding it in , but once released , the dam broke . 
 dean pulled me into him . 
 his strong arms held me in place , and his body was a rock i could cling to as i drowned in my grief . 
 i lost my place in time . 
 everything hurt as the world crumbled away until the only thing left was dean . 
 he did n't let me go . 
 my tears mingled with the water , splashing across his chest and then down the drain . 
 he held me until the tears stopped . 
 when i pulled back and my sobs had been reduced to sniffles , he kissed my forehead and gave me one of his special smiles . 
 i rinsed my reddened face in the hot water . 
 i felt drained , but stronger now . 
 i heard the shower click as dean stepped out . 
 i stayed in the water for a moment longer , letting it wash away the last of my tears before i turned it off . 
 dean was waiting for me , a towel wrapped around his slender waist . 
 he had a large cream-colored towel held open and waiting to envelop me . 
 i nearly started crying again because of his thoughtfulness . 
 he wrapped me in the warm towel , slowly patting me dry . 
 he worked his way from my shoulders , down my back , across my stomach , and down my legs . 
 his hands were strong yet gentle as he blotted the moisture with the soft towel . 
 when he finished , he rose from my feet to kiss the tip of my nose . 
 i gave him a soft smile , and he opened the door to the bedroom . 
 our clothes lay strewn across the floor . 
 he quickly slid back into his dark pants and jacket , assuming the professional demeanor of a bodyguard . 
 he watched with twinkling eyes as i pulled a dress from the closet and slid it over my body . 
 i could n't help but feel a warm glow when he looked at me . 
 as i ran a brush through my hair , he glanced at his watch and grimaced . 
 i had completely lost track of time and had a horrible suspicion that we had gone over his fifteen minute window . 
 i considered leaving my hair down , the wet strands brushing gracefully against the dark fabric of the conservative dress , but i pulled it up into my traditional bun . 
 i quickly finished in the bathroom and tucked the dirty clothes into the closet to throw in the wash later . 
 i opened my door , peeking out from side to side to make sure no one was coming . 
 we did n't want to risk both of us coming out of my room with wet hair . 
 i was about to tell him it was all clear when emma walked by . 
 she gave me a curious look , stopping for a moment . 
 `` you okay ? 
 you look nervous , '' she said . 
 i could tell she had been crying , but she was putting on a brave face . 
 `` the lawyer is running a little late , but the plan is still to have the reading in the parlor . '' 
 i nodded . 
 daniel had asked for his will to be read the day after his death . 
 he had everything in order and had hoped it would help his family , and company , move on quicker . 
 `` thanks , emma . 
 i 'll go make sure bianca 's ready , '' i said , hoping she would continue on down the hall . 
 dean hid behind the door . 
 i could feel him twitching to get out , running late himself . 
 emma nodded and finally progressed down the hall . 
 she slouched as she walked , moving slowly . 
 it seemed like an eternity before she was finally far enough out of sight that dean could escape . 
 `` i 'll see you later , okay ? '' 
 he whispered , kissing my cheek softly before ducking out the door . 
 i watched him hurry down the hall and toward the guard station to check the incoming visitors into the house , his hair still glistening with water . 
 i then carefully closed the door and headed to bianca 's room . 
 i stepped into her room , expecting to find her still in bed . 
 instead , she was dressed , making the bed herself . 
 her movements were quick and almost frantic , as though she were desperately trying to distract herself . 
 `` bianca ? '' 
 i stepped closer to her , smelling her sweet perfume . 
 it was daniel 's favorite , the one she only wore for special occasions . 
 `` he always made the bed . 
 before the maids could do it , he would make it . 
 even in hotels . '' 
 bianca stared at the bedspread . 
 `` i hate making beds , but it did n't feel right to leave it that way . '' 
 i wrapped my arms around her , the hairspray in her hair crunching against my jaw . 
 her whole body was shaking , but she kept her face perfectly still . 
 i took her hand , guiding her downstairs to the kitchen . 
 i had a feeling she was n't going to eat , but i needed to at least put the food in front of her . 
 she sat staring out the window the rest of the morning , letting the coffee and eggs cool without ever touching them . 
 when it came time for the reading of the will , she followed me like i was guiding her on a leash . 
 chapter 29 present day the saunders clan sat quietly in the parlor . 
 emma and jack were on an old-fashioned love seat , emma 's head resting on jack 's shoulder . 
 robbie stood beside them , staring out the window , his hands behind his back . 
 several employees and close staff huddled in a group by the corner , solemn and quiet like a silent flock of black birds . 
 i stood next to bianca , who sat stiffly in a blue wing-backed chair . 
 her hair was perfect , her makeup unsmudged , but i knew inside she was screaming with loss . 
 a lawyer fumbled with long sheets of paper at the head of the room , preparing to read the will . 
 daniel had only been dead for less than a day , but it was per his wishes that the will be read now . 
 i swallowed my tears down . 
 now that i was here , daniel 's death was real again . 
 for a few blessed moments with dean , my heart forgot to hurt . 
 now it just ached as though it were making up for the missed time . 
 bianca 's brown eyes stared blankly at the room . 
 i knew she did n't see the people there , the flowers starting to arrive by the armload . 
 she was lost in her own world . 
 the lawyer cleared his throat and began the proceedings . 
 everyone faced forward , their eyes looking at the lawyer , but i do n't think very many of us were actually listening . 
 daniel had made his wishes known before his death , so i was n't paying very much attention . 
 the lawyer rattled on about the estate , the trusts , and so on . 
 it was all what i had expected . '' 
 ... in addition to the aforementioned shares , a seat on the board of directors shall be given to rachel weber . 
 she will no longer be an employee of ds oil and gas , but rather a partial owner of the company , '' the lawyer read . 
 my eyes suddenly focused on him , but the lawyer was already reading the next section . 
 bianca squeezed my arm , giving me a soft smile . 
 `` he told me he was going to do that . 
 he always considered you a part of our family , and now , you have a part of the company , like you should , since you 're our daughter . '' 
 i stared blankly at her , desperately trying to wrap my head around what daniel had just done . 
 a moment ago i was just a thousandaire , but now i was now a billionaire . 
 *** the leaves fluttered outside , their oranges and browns floating to the ground and turning the grass to gold . 
 the sky was a brilliant blue with soft wisps of clouds riding the highest winds . 
 the breeze shook the branches of the tree outside , but beside the window in daniel 's study , it was warm and safe . 
 i sat in daniel 's big leather chair , my feet curled up under me as i stared across his empty desk . 
 it felt like he was still here . 
 the books and the globe were still the same . 
 in this room , i could imagine he was n't gone and i could ask him what he had meant by giving me a part of his company . 
 `` hey , partner , '' jack said , poking his head in the door . 
 `` i thought i might find you here . '' 
 i stayed quiet as jack entered , shutting the door behind him and moving to the window . 
 outside was the field where the boys and their father had played football on fall afternoons like this one . 
 he pulled a book from the wall , thumbing through it and looking at me . 
 `` i have no idea what just happened . '' 
 i slumped in my seat . 
 `` dad gave you a part of the company and put you on the board of directors . 
 even i got that , '' he said , flicking the book shut . 
 he gave me a devilish smirk . 
 i rolled my eyes at him . 
 `` no , i got that part . 
 but what does that even mean ? 
 what kind of responsibilities does that entail ? 
 what 's going to happen ? 
 why did he do that ? '' 
 jack sat on the edge of the desk . 
 `` well , it means that you have a ridiculous amount of money . 
 i could stop paying you , and you would never even notice . 
 as far as responsibilities , robbie is on the board . 
 that should tell you all you need to know there . 
 what happens next is up to you . 
 you can keep your current job , which i would appreciate , or you can quit and retire to tahiti . '' 
 he stopped looking up at the sky as he continued . 
 `` finally , he did it because he loved you . '' 
 i put my feet on the floor and splayed my hands across the desk . 
 jack watched quietly as i worked it out in my head . 
 `` this room reminds me of him . 
 you remind me of him a lot , actually . '' 
 i half-smiled as i pointed to a corner . 
 `` you used to do your homework at a little desk over there while he worked . '' 
 jack 's lips twitched up and the corners of his eyes crinkled . 
 `` i remember . 
 i would pretend i was running the company , just like him . '' 
 in my mind , i could see jack as a little boy , proudly displaying his finished assignment to a young daniel . 
 daniel would always smile with satisfaction and tell him how proud he was of him . 
 `` he knew about you and dean , '' jack said softly . 
 `` i know . 
 i told him when dean was hired that we had been together . '' 
 i fidgeted with my hands . 
 with all the turmoil , i had n't asked jack about the employee contracts yet . 
 jack shifted his perch on the desk for a more direct look at me . 
 `` no , i mean that the two of you are meant to be together . 
 my dad thought of you as his little girl , the princess that no man would ever be worthy of . 
 that 's why he was so adamant about you following the employee dating policy . 
 he did n't think dean was good enough for you . '' 
 my hands stilled , and i frowned up at jack . 
 `` what made him change his mind ? '' 
 jack smiled , his hazel eyes twinkling in the sunshine . 
 `` emma . 
 or rather how happy emma makes me . 
 he could see the chemistry between the two of you . 
 though , honestly , a blind man could see that the two of you were trying not to see one another . '' 
 jack put his hand on my shoulder and continued in a soft voice . 
 `` he finally saw that dean was your prince charming . 
 he wanted you to be happy , so he just gave you the coach and glass slippers . 
 dad did even better than a fairy godfather , though . 
 it wo n't disappear at midnight . '' 
 i opened my mouth , but no sound came out . 
 i did n't have words . 
 jack patted my hand gently before he slid off the edge of the desk . 
 he stood next to the window , staring out at the changing leaves . 
 he looked so much like his father . 
 the room was quiet and the wind hummed a strange tune through the trees . 
 i felt lost . 
 daniel had just given me the best gift of my life , but i was suddenly afraid . 
 i was afraid that after all this time , it would n't work out . 
 afraid that our passion was really just an illusion that would fade once it was allowed to face the sun . 
 i closed my eyes , and imagined dean 's face . 
 how his eyes could be ice blue and yet fill me with warmth ; the curve of his lips when he smiled that cocky half-smile that sent my heart into spasms . 
 i remembered how amazing it had felt to wake up in the middle of the night and find him sleeping next to me . 
 i remembered that kiss in the car and how my heart soared knowing he still cared . 
 we still had our issues . 
 twenty years of thinking someone forgot about you would n't be easy to forget , but i wanted to . 
 i did n't want to live the next twenty years knowing that i had missed out on something amazing , hiding behind an employee contract , because i was too chicken to actually give love a chance . 
 i loved dean . 
 i had since the moment i met him , and i never stopped , even when all common sense told me i should have . 
 i looked up at jack . 
 my mind was made up . 
 i was going to be with dean . 
 i loved him and i was n't going to let my own fears and expectations stop us from being happy . 
 `` so , if i keep my current job , does that mean i get a raise ? '' 
 i asked jack . 
 he rolled his eyes at me . 
 `` no . 
 in fact , i think i might cut your hours a bit . 
 emma keeps telling me you have promised to design a dress for her , and so far you have been too busy to do it . '' 
 jack held his hand up to the side of his mouth as though he were letting me in on a secret . 
 `` i like to keep her happy , so you 're going to need to do it soon . '' 
 `` i guess my rent is still going to be paid by ds oil and gas one way or another , '' i said , a smile creeping onto my face . 
 `` well , with your new status upgrade , you now qualify to get an assistant . 
 choose wisely , because they will run your life . '' 
 jack gave me a wink . 
 `` yeah , i do n't know . 
 i 'm never going to get one as good as me anyway , '' i said with a shrug . 
 jack reached across the desk and punched my arm . 
 `` you 'll find one . 
 just look for someone who 's good at math . 
 or at least math tricks , '' jack said . 
 i stood up and i embraced him . 
 he pulled me in close to him , hugging me tight . 
 `` hey , a girl 's got ta breathe , '' i gasped as he squeezed as tight as he could . 
 jack let me go , keeping a hand on my shoulder . 
 `` dean 's downstairs in the garden . 
 if you need anything , let me know . 
 i 'm going to stay up here for a little bit , '' jack said , glancing around the room . 
 his shoulders dropped , and his eyes went distant as he looked around his father 's office . 
 `` thank you , jack . 
 thank you for everything . '' 
 i gave him another quick hug . 
 `` get down there and tell that man that you love him and ca n't stand to spend another minute apart . 
 please . 
 the rest of us are going to get sick off your lovey eyes if you do n't . '' 
 jack shooed me with his hands toward the door . 
 i looked back just before i closed it to see jack sit in his father 's chair . 
 it might have been just a trick of the light , the way the dust motes fell through the sunshine , but i swear , for a moment , it looked as though daniel was standing behind him with his hands on his son 's shoulders , and smiling . 
 chapter 30 present day the afternoon sun transformed the world into a kaleidoscope of orange and red as it filtered through the autumn leaves . 
 dean sat in the garden on a wrought iron bench , his eyes closed as he looked toward the sun . 
 he reminded me of a cat , sitting there soaking up the last rays of warmth before winter . 
 i stood for a moment under the rustling leaves , just admiring him . 
 he was so handsome . 
 his dark hair ruffled in the fall breeze , the wind mussing it like a lover 's caress . 
 his jaw was strong and smooth , his back tall and straight . 
 even after all this time , he still made my heart pound in my chest like a nervous school girl 's . 
 he was everything i could ever ask for ; everything i could ever want . 
 the leaves crackled under my feet as i followed the stone pathway to the bench . 
 dean opened one eye just enough for a sliver of blue to peek out , but then he closed it . 
 his face remained impassive . 
 i smiled at him , even though he could n't see it . 
 i felt like i might vibrate out of my boots . 
 i wanted to run to him , throw my arms around his neck and tell him we could be together , but instead , i behaved like an adult and sat down next to him . 
 i could see why he picked this spot . 
 it was sheltered from the cold autumn wind and perfectly positioned to catch the afternoon sun . 
 the garden was empty , as everyone else was inside and out of the fall weather . 
 it was quiet , peaceful , and we were wonderfully alone . 
 the iron was warm on my back , but the air crisp and clean . 
 it was a beautiful afternoon . 
 daniel would have enjoyed it . 
 `` did you hear the will ? '' 
 i asked , breaking the silence . 
 dean tensed slightly beside me , but he did n't move . 
 `` yeah . 
 you 're a billionaire now . 
 congratulations . 
 i 'm sure you 're very happy . '' 
 his voice was flat and dispassionate . 
 it was almost as though he were angry , but i could n't figure out why . 
 we were going to be together . 
 `` you know i 'd rather have daniel alive than the money , '' i said , feeling a frown tighten across my face . 
 a cloud passed in front of the sun , blocking its warmth . 
 without it shining down , i was very aware of the oncoming winter chill . 
 dean sighed and turned to me . 
 `` i know . 
 i know how much he meant to you . 
 how much they all mean to you . 
 daniel , emma , jack , even bianca-they 're your family . 
 they 're your world . '' 
 i did n't know what to say to that , but he was n't done speaking . 
 he frowned , the corners of his perfect mouth going thin . 
 `` i have a job offer in la. . 
 a rising starlet . 
 i leave next week . '' 
 the ground seemed to crumbled beneath me like an autumn leaf . 
 i shook my head as if hit by his words . 
 `` please do n't take it . '' 
 the words came out as a whisper as if the wind had been knocked out me . 
 dean took my hands in his , their warmth in stark contrast to the cold i was feeling . 
 his blue eyes were earnest , and i could see the emotion rolling through them like storm clouds . 
 `` i ca n't take being here , being this close to you and not being able to touch you . 
 to sit in a room with you and not be able to hold your hand . 
 i want to kiss you all the time . 
 i want to be able to comfort you , but i know that if i do , we 'll lose everything we 've worked for . 
 i ca n't do that to you . 
 you love these people too much for me to ask you to give them up . '' 
 `` but we can be together now . 
 things have changed . '' 
 i could n't get the words out fast enough . 
 he thought that he needed to leave me in order to keep me with the people i loved , but i could have them and him . 
 we did n't have to choose between love and duty . 
 not again . 
 `` what ? '' 
 dean 's voice cracked slightly , his hands tightening around mine . 
 hope shone in his eyes , but he held it in check , as though afraid it could disappear . 
 the sun came out from behind the cloud , bathing the two of us in golden light . 
 `` daniel made me an executive of the company . 
 not an employee . 
 executives can date employees . 
 how do you think jack was able to take his secretary to the caribbean ? 
 as an executive , i can do whatever i want . '' 
 my voice trembled as i gently touched his cheek . 
 `` and what i want , is you . '' 
 the smile that lit up dean 's face was the sweetest one i had ever seen . 
 he reached for me , wrapping his arms around me and finding my mouth with his . 
 my world dissolved into golden euphoria . 
 the sun shone down , the leaves fluttered , and the grass slept . 
 we were happy . 
 dean kissed my forehead , his smile brightening my world better than any sun . 
 his lips brushed my skin as he whispered , `` you 're all i 've ever wanted . '' 
 pure joy bubbled up in my core , making my fingers tingle and my eyes start to water with uncontainable bliss . 
 the man of my dreams , the one i had always wanted , the one that had always wanted me , was finally mine . 
 there were no boundaries . 
 we could have love and duty , without sacrificing either . 
 i smiled as i kissed him , knowing that we had a beautiful future together . 
 epilogue emma smiles at me . 
 she fixes my veil one last time , making sure it is still on straight , then smooths the hair curling gently around my shoulders . 
 she says something about weddings , and i smile automatically . 
 my mind is n't on her . 
 it 's on the person waiting for me at the end of the stone pathway . 
 dean is waiting for me . 
 she fusses with jack 's tie , making sure that it , too , is on straight . 
 he gives her a warm smile and shoos her out of the house . 
 i can hear her heels clicking on the steps as she hurries to the garden to tell them we 're ready to begin . 
 i feel like i 'm going to float away i 'm so happy . 
 i wonder how it is possible for any one person to brim with so much joy to the point of overflowing , yet here i am , barely able to contain myself . 
 dean is waiting for me . 
 jack takes my hand , placing it in the crook of his arm as we start to walk out the main doors . 
 i remember my flowers at the last moment and i pull myself free to grab them . 
 i grasp them tightly as i give my hand back to jack . 
 he smiles at my excitement and gives my arm a squeeze . 
 dean is waiting for me . 
 the sun makes me blink as we step out of the saunders ' mansion , but my eyes quickly adjust . 
 jack helps me navigate the stairs with my heels and floor-length dress . 
 i love my dress . 
 it 's simple but elegant . 
 i feel beautiful , and dean is going to love it . 
 i 'm so excited i have to refrain from running to the garden i 'm so excited . 
 dean is waiting for me . 
 as soon as we enter , music begins to play . 
 i do n't really hear it . 
 dean is waiting for me . 
 he 's standing in the gazebo , his blue eyes bright , wearing that crooked grin i love . 
 i can feel the smile on my face somehow grow wider . 
 my feet glide just above the stones as jack escorts me to the man i love . 
 dean is waiting for me . 
 jack shakes dean 's hand and gives me a hug . 
 i can feel tears in my eyes as he lets me go . 
 jack gives me beaming grin and returns to his wife . 
 there are only a few people sitting in the garden , but that 's how dean and i wanted it . 
 i can see jenny and kimberly sitting with sheriff grinswald . 
 bianca wipes a tear from her cheek . 
 dean 's hands are warm as he takes mine in his . 
 i wonder if he can feel me shaking . 
 it 's not because i 'm nervous ; it 's because i 'm excited . 
 i get to have the love of my life . 
 after today , we wo n't ever have to be apart again . 
 my heart soars at the thought . 
 the minister asks me a question , and i answer it with a simple , `` i do . '' 
 dean repeats the words . 
 i do n't need to hear the minster ask the words because i 've already promised them in my heart . 
 dean slides a ring onto my finger . 
 a diamond catches the sun , sparkling with a thousand rainbows . 
 my heart speeds up , threatening to dance out of my chest . 
 i 've never felt this happy before , this complete . 
 i slip a thick silver band onto his hand , the two of us now linked . 
 our rings bind us so we will never be apart again . 
 all i can see is dean 's smile . 
 dean raises the veil , carefully revealing my face . 
 his own is beaming with joy . 
 all i want is to kiss him , and as he leans forward , my wish is granted . 
 our lips touch , and he pulls me in to him . 
 the sunlight sparkles through the trees , and i close my eyes , taking everything in . 
 this moment is ours , just mine and dean 's , forever . 
 i barely notice the walk back into the house . 
 i 'm so happy holding onto dean 's strong arm that i barely notice the steps . 
 inside , the house is cool and quiet , just the two of us . 
 i giggle , and dean kisses me again , his lips sweet and wonderful as they merge with mine . 
 i could kiss him every second of every day and love every minute of it . 
 he gives me one of his mischievous grins , pulling me to a small table . 
 a bottle of champagne and two glasses sit , ready to be drunk . 
 he hands me one , taking the other in his fingers . 
 with a gentle clink , he taps them together and whispers , `` to making new marriages . '' 
 the champagne bubbles in my mouth , tickling my nose and making me smile . 
 i want to kiss him again , and because we are now married , i can . 
 i kiss him , tasting the effervescent champagne still on his lips . 
 we share our champagne kisses , knowing we will have many more . 
 i kiss him , feeling my heart soar in my chest , remembering our first champagne kiss . 
 it took twenty years , but dean and i are finally together . 
 everything is perfect . 
