 chapter 1 breathing hard , i watch the door slip shut . 
 shock washes over me . 
 i do n't know what i expected things to be like , but this is n't it . 
 wide-eyed , i pad over to the bed and sit down . 
 the sheets are rumpled . 
 the room smells like sean and sex . 
 i ca n't think . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 the sensation worsens , growing tighter and tighter until i 'm gasping for air . 
 tears streak my face as i throw myself onto a pillow . 
 i grip it and try to suck in air , but i ca n't . 
 sean 's scent hits me hard and makes me choke . 
 i push myself up and try to get hold of my emotions . 
 i knew this was n't real . 
 it 's all a game . 
 sean is f ** ked up and he needs things this way . 
 there is a reason for it . 
 he said that over and over again , but it does n't mesh . 
 nothing does . 
 it 's like there are two different versions of him . 
 one is playful and kind . 
 the other is so messed up that he ca n't f ** k a girl that he has n't paid for . 
 i clutch my face and push the tears away with the back of my hand . 
 i 've fallen for him . 
 i could n't help it . 
 i want to call mel , but she 's working . 
 i need to get control over my feelings . 
 i need to . 
 i have to . 
 suddenly , the urge to go for a run hits me hard . 
 fresh air , the night wind in my face-all that shit will clear my head . 
 i just need to get out of here . 
 i glance at my ankle , wondering what miss black will do if i leave the building . 
 screw that . 
 i need this . 
 padding to the closet , i yank the door , but it does n't open . 
 i pull it again , but it does n't move . 
 my vision is blurry from tears . 
 i lean over and look at the handles . 
 they lock . 
 sean locked the closet before he left . 
 rage flashes through , me so hot and hard that i ca n't stand it . 
 my arm swings on its own and smashes into the door . 
 i scream , but it does n't make me feel better . 
 wearing nothing but a robe , i turn and lean against the closet doors . 
 i slide to the floor and hold my face in my hands . 
 every second i stay in this room , i feel the walls closing in around me . 
 there 's no air . 
 i 'm trapped . 
 i tug at my hair , angry . 
 i love him . 
 how could i be so stupid ? 
 i close my eyes and sit there until the panic recedes . 
 i can leave the room , but i have no clothes . 
 i wo n't get very far . 
 the hotel staff will stop me before the elevator reaches the ground floor . 
 my phone rings . 
 it takes me a second to recognize the ringtone . 
 it 's mel . 
 i dart across the room , grabbing my purse and dumping it out on the floor . 
 i answer just before voicemail picks up . 
 `` mel ! '' 
 `` avery girl , are you all right ? 
 shit , you do n't sound all right . 
 say something . 
 let me hear you talk . '' 
 mel shushes someone in the background . 
 my voice is shaky . 
 `` i thought you were at work . '' 
 `` i was . 
 i 'm done . 
 guy was working on speedy issues . '' 
 someone starts laughing in the background . 
 i recognize that chuckle . 
 `` is that marty ? '' 
 why are they hanging out together ? 
 they hate each other . 
 `` yeah , honey . 
 now tell me what that piece of shit did to you . 
 are you hurt ? 
 i 'll kick his white ass myself - '' i cut her off . 
 `` no , i 'm not hurt . 
 he got mad and left . 
 i wanted to go after him , '' i lie . 
 i ca n't tell her that i was going to leave the building . 
 `` but he locked the closet . 
 i ca n't get my clothes . '' 
 `` what 'd she say ? '' 
 i hear marty asking in the background . 
 `` shut your face , showboat . 
 i 'll tell you later , '' mel snaps at marty . 
 then she says to me , `` this is easy . 
 go look at the door . '' 
 i walk over there , unsure of what she wants me to do . 
 `` what kind is it ? 
 single door ? 
 double doors ? '' 
 `` double . 
 they close in the center . 
 there 's no doorjamb down the middle . 
 the handle is the lever kind . '' 
 `` yeah , cuz that matters , '' she says sarcastically . 
 `` have n't you ever busted into a room before ? '' 
 i stare at the phone like that 's the stupidest question ever . 
 when i put it back to my ear , i say , `` my roommate locks me out on a regular basis . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 `` do n't get fresh with me . 
 i do n't like to put my nose in other people 's business . 
 how was i. . . ? '' 
 marty is cracking up in the background . 
 he 's mocking her because mel is always in everybody 's business . 
 when she speaks again , her tone is terse . 
 she does n't comment on marty 's giggles . 
 `` okay , avery , this one is easy . 
 look between the doors , down by the lock . 
 if you 're lucky , the lock is in there backwards and you just have to shove a credit card through the middle . 
 if not , you have to work it in from behind . '' 
 `` how do i know which way will work ? '' 
 i look at it , not sure what i 'm supposed to see . 
 `` the locking part is flat . 
 if it 's in backwards , the part facing you is curved . 
 what do you see ? '' 
 peering through the slat in the door , i can see a gold piece of metal . 
 `` it 's curved . '' 
 `` good . 
 pop that baby open . '' 
 mel waits while i dig through my purse and grab my debit card . 
 i push it into the space between the two doors and it slips right in . 
 i pull the door and it opens . 
 `` it worked ! '' 
 i say surprised . 
 i glance at the card . 
 damn . 
 that was easy . 
 `` of course it worked . 
 you think i do n't know stuff ? 
 well , i do . '' 
 marty sings in the background , `` she does ! '' 
 `` shut up , showtunes , '' mel snaps at marty . 
 `` listen avery , if that messed up f ** ker hurts you , crush the button on your bracelet . '' 
 `` it 's not like that , '' i say , as i look through the closet for my dress . 
 sean 's coat is hanging up next to my dress . 
 i bump the hanger and his coat falls to the floor . 
 something falls out of the pocket . 
 i pick it up and look at a crumpled ball of paper . 
 `` listen , thanks for helping . 
 i should be home for a little bit tomorrow . 
 i 'll catch up with you guys then . '' 
 i hang up the phone . 
 something about the paper seems weird . 
 sean has this really nice coat , but has garbage in the pockets ? 
 i think it 's strange , so i stick my hands into both pockets . 
 they 're empty . 
 i did n't think he was the kind of guy to shove nasty old stuff in his coat . 
 he 's too highbrow for that . 
 i look at the balled up paper again and open it . 
 in that moment , everything changes . 
 i stare blankly at the note , not fathoming the depths of what 's happening . 
 people are like this . 
 people do one thing and say another . 
 it fits with sean 's words when he walked out . 
 he thought he could do it , but he ca n't . 
 not this time . 
 something changed . 
 something 's different , and now i know what it is . 
 i stare at the paper , reading the pretty cursive letters over and over again . 
 we love you ! 
 - amanda and baby chapter 2 i ca n't swallow . 
 i stare at the paper , feeling my throat grow tighter and tighter . 
 there 's a baby . 
 he 's a father . 
 sean is married and has a baby . 
 oh , holy ... i sit down hard and stare at the note . 
 it was written hastily on a piece of computer paper . 
 there are smudge marks , like someone grabbed it-the baby maybe . 
 this is what he could n't say . 
 it had nothing to do with me . 
 it 's him . 
 i press my eyes closed . 
 i do n't know what to do . 
 he has a family and he 's cheating-with me . 
 misery bubbles up inside my chest . 
 i wad the paper back up and put it in his pocket so it looks like i never saw it . 
 i lock the closet door and make sure everything is back the way it was . 
 then , i walk into the bathroom and turn on the shower . 
 i drop the robe to the floor and step in . 
 i stand there , letting the water wash away every ounce of remorse i have . 
 sean 's a dick . 
 he 's not what i thought at all . 
 i wonder if i should confront him . 
 it sounds insane , but i feel like i 'm the one being cheated on . 
 he 's not yours , avery , a little voice says in the back of my mind . 
 he never was . 
 this is a job . 
 that 's what it 's always been to him . 
 that 's what it always will be . 
 i swallow hard and turn off the water . 
 after i towel off , i grab my phone and call black . 
 `` how are things going ? '' 
 she says with her silky voice . 
 `` very well . 
 i 'd like to throw my name in for more work as soon as this is over . '' 
 even as i said the words , i ca n't believe i 'm saying them . 
 if sean is like this , if i have to finish this job , by the time i 'm done i 'm going to be so emotionally repressed that it wo n't matter who i fuck . 
 maybe this is what mel and black meant . 
 maybe it 's the reason why they ended up staying and taking more clients . 
 `` excellent , avery . '' 
 her voice has that hollow politeness that irritates me . 
 i hear it now , vibrating like a plucked string . 
 `` let me make sure i understand you correctly . 
 you do n't want any time off between clients ? '' 
 `` no , '' i say , `` the sooner the better . '' 
 `` i understand . 
 is there anything else ? '' 
 is there ? 
 should i tell her that i 'm disillusioned ? 
 should i tell her that i fell for sean , but he 's just a cheating jackass ? 
 i smile to myself . 
 i sound like an idiot . 
 `` no , that 's all . '' 
 i press end call and toss my phone back in my bag . 
 i let the numbness overtake me . 
 there 's no other way to get through this , and i have to finish it . 
 there 's no other way to survive . 
 _____ i leave the room in nothing but my robe around 2:00 am . 
 i 'm stopped on the ground floor by the hotel manager . 
 he 's an older , squat man wearing a pristine black suit . 
 it distracts from his round face . 
 `` miss ferro , '' he says , taking my elbow to keep me from walking through the lobby . 
 `` may i help you with something ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` is sean down here somewhere ? 
 i did n't see him at the bar . '' 
 `` yes , he is . 
 let me take you to him . '' 
 i walk next to the man . 
 he offers , `` my name is thomas . 
 if you need anything , i 'm happy to help . 
 mr. ferro is one of our best customers and as such , we try to humor his requests . 
 however , i would appreciate it if you wore clothes next time you came down to the lobby . '' 
 my face flames red . 
 `` oh , i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` it 's a perfectly honest mistake , '' he smiles at me , but his eyes say he knows why i 'm here , what i am . 
 we stop in front of a set of huge double doors . 
 thomas pulls one open and says , `` good evening , miss ferro . '' 
 i step through the door and stop . 
 blinking rapidly , i try to get my eyes to adjust to the light . 
 i glance around at an empty ballroom . 
 there 's a grand piano in the opposite corner . 
 sean is sitting in front of it , playing . 
 i do n't move . 
 for a moment , i just watch him play . 
 sean 's eyes are closed and his dark hair hangs down over his brow . 
 his body moves to the music like they 're one and the same . 
 the song is so somber , so dark . 
 it tugs at my heart . 
 i have to remind myself what sean is , what he 's done . 
 but as i watch him play , i do n't want to . 
 i ca n't think about it . 
 i do n't have that luxury . 
 i have to do this to survive . 
 sean 's life is his to mess up . 
 i tell myself that if sean wants to sleep with hookers instead of his wife that it 's none of my business , but i 'm not that cold . 
 i hate the idea of being the other woman , the girl that ruins a family . 
 but that 's what i am , a plaything with a high price tag . 
 slowly , i pad across the room . 
 the cold tiles chill my bare feet . 
 sean is still playing the lament when i come up behind him . 
 it 's a song i know well . 
 i slip onto the bench and place my fingers on the keys . 
 sean glances at me , but he does n't stop playing . 
 i move my fingers with his , playing with him . 
 our shoulders brush together occasionally as i reach in front of him to press a key . 
 sean 's blue gaze cuts to the side . 
 he watches me as he plays . 
 neither of us says anything . 
 when the song ends we both sit there , staring straight ahead . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' sean says . 
 `` i should n't have walked away like that . '' 
 i find a way to act like it did n't matter . 
 i pretend that i do n't know his secret . 
 `` you do n't have to explain anything to me . 
 it 's fine , sean . '' 
 his blue eyes slip over me . 
 sean hesitates before saying , `` you play very well . 
 who taught you ? '' 
 `` my mother . '' 
 i feel nothing . 
 if i keep thinking it , it 'll happen . 
 eventually i 'll feel nothing . 
 eventually , every last part of me will go numb . 
 i wo n't react to his voice or his touch . 
 i can do this . 
 i stare straight ahead . 
 `` she must be a wonderful musician . '' 
 i know he 's searching for kind words , but i do n't care . 
 i answer bluntly . 
 `` she was . 
 she died along with my father in a car wreck last year . 
 that was my favorite song . 
 i bugged her to help me with it frequently over the past few years . '' 
 sean watches me as i speak . 
 finally , he says , `` you 've been through a lot . '' 
 it 's a statement . 
 he leaves it hanging in the air , so i nod . 
 `` yeah , but who has n't ? '' 
 i try to sound apathetic , but i do n't pull it off . 
 i shrug and add , `` what does n't kill you makes you stronger , or so i hear . '' 
 i glance at him , expecting him to make light of it , but he just nods . 
 `` that 's what i hear , too . '' 
 after a moment , he says , `` what other songs do you know ? '' 
 i look at the piano in front of me . 
 a million memories of me and my mom flash by . 
 she loved playing classical music . 
 i preferred darker things , more contemporary stuff . 
 i touch the keys lightly and start playing . 
 to my surprise , sean joins in . 
 neither of us speaks . 
 we play like that , alternating songs until sleep pulls at me so hard that i ca n't keep my head up . 
 my fingers fumble a few times and sean stops . 
 he turns to me and stands . 
 leaning over , he scoops me up and cradles me in his arms . 
 `` avery , i 'm sorry if i hurt you . '' 
 he sets me down , looking into my eyes . 
 sean presses his lips gently to mine and a surge of guilt nearly strangles me . 
 i do everything i can manage to kiss him back and not act like his cheating bothers me , but it does . 
 that night i barely sleep . 
 i keep seeing a beautiful woman holding a sweet baby in her arms . 
 they 're just faces , only something my mind dreamed up while i slept , but i feel like i stabbed them in the back . 
 i 'm not cut out for this . 
 i wish i was dead inside . 
 i wish i lost the ability to feel anything . 
 i fall asleep thinking , wishing that i was someone else . 
 chapter 3 the next morning , sean is gone . 
 he slipped out without waking me . 
 there 's a note on his pillow . 
 i open it , and think of that crumpled piece of paper in his pocket . 
 my heart clenches . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 pressing my eyes closed , i chase away the pain . 
 inhaling slowly , i open his note . 
 i 'm sorry about last night . 
 i did n't mean for things to go that way . 
 i hope you 'll take this morning off and return tonight in time for dinner . 
 there are some more things i 'll show you later . 
 see you then . 
 - sean i dress quickly and call miss black to tell her that sean set me free for daylight hours . 
 she wants me to stay put , but sean wanted me to go out . 
 eventually , miss black folds and i leave the hotel . 
 when i finally get back to the dorm , i ca n't think straight . 
 i want to scream . 
 i want to bury my face in my pillow and cry . 
 the thoughts rise up and choke me so hard that i ca n't swallow . 
 it 's been months since i felt this crazy . 
 i shove the key into my door and kick it open . 
 the door slams open wide . 
 when i glance up , i see amber 's brain-dead boyfriend-the exhibitionist-carving a turkey on my make-up counter . 
 turkey juices puddle around my blushes and drip onto the floor . 
 he smiles broadly . 
 `` put some pants on ! '' 
 i yell at him as i run into the room . 
 i left the door to the hallway open . 
 the nak * d jackass waves to people as they pass by . 
 amber is n't even here and this idiot is eating turkey on my make-up counter . 
 i ca n't deal with it . 
 i feel my heart dying inside of me . 
 i grab a pair of sweats and change in the bathroom . 
 when i emerge , nak * d guy mutters something about joining him , but i flip him off and run out the door . 
 i need to get out of here . 
 as i run down the hall , mel sticks her head out the door . 
 `` hey bitch ! 
 where you running off to ? 
 i thought you were ... '' when i do n't stop , mel steps out into the hallway . 
 `` avery ! '' 
 she calls after me , but i do n't stop . 
 i ca n't stop . 
 it takes a minute to start my car and i 'm off . 
 i do n't plan to go there . 
 i just go wherever this crushing feeling in my chest leads me . 
 staring through the grime on the windshield , i drive further east . 
 a few turns and i pull up at the black iron gates that surround the cemetery . 
 i managed to get here without stalling . 
 it 's still early . 
 no one is here . 
 i drive past the rows of tombstones towards the newer plots in the back . 
 there 's an open grave , the mound of dirt is covered with green plastic grass . 
 i drive past it and turn off the main road in the cemetery and drive to the end . 
 i pull over . 
 the car shudders and lurches before it stalls . 
 my hair hangs limp around my face . 
 i shove open the door and walk swiftly toward them . 
 there 's a knot in my throat that i ca n't swallow no matter how hard i try . 
 tears prick my eyes , but they wo n't fall . 
 my parent 's plot is behind a massive oak tree . 
 its ancient base hides me from onlookers . 
 i fall to my knees at the foot of my parent 's grave and double over to stop the pain . 
 my forehead rests against the cold hard ground . 
 my teeth catch my lips and i bite and hold them between my teeth . 
 sucking in a rush of cold air , i sit up suddenly . 
 my hair flies back , tossing some twigs with it . 
 my heart hammers inside of me . 
 it 's the only thing that tells me that this hell is real . 
 everything else seems too wrong . 
 i stare straight ahead , seeing their names chiseled in stone , but seeing nothing at all . 
 the wind lifts the ends of my hair off my shoulders . 
 i have no idea how long i kneel here , but my legs have pins and needles . 
 i shift my weight and sit on the ground and pull my knees into my chest . 
 i breathe , because that 's all i can do . 
 my anger has faded over the months . 
 i no longer come here to yell at them for abandoning me . 
 this time i do n't know why i 'm here . 
 i got in my car and this is where i ended up . 
 i reach for something i stashed in my pocket before running out of my dorm room . 
 the metal feels cold against my skin . 
 it 's a little silver cross . 
 my mother gave it to me when i turned sixteen . 
 she said it was to remind me of what 's important when things get rough . 
 things are worse than rough . 
 i clutch the cross so tightly that the ends bite into my palm . 
 still , it does n't stop me . 
 pain is something i understand . 
 the rest of this , the senselessness of it all , eludes me . 
 i speak into the air . 
 somehow it feels normal . 
 `` what do i do , now ? 
 i did n't think my heart could break any more than it already has . 
 the pieces still inside of me feel like broken glass . 
 every time i take a breath , they stab into me . 
 it never ends ... '' i press my lips together and breathe . 
 i look down at the cross in my hand . 
 that cross meant something to her . 
 i wish it meant something to me , but it does n't . 
 all i see is a necklace . 
 i have no faith . 
 it died along with my parents . 
 i string the cross around my neck and fasten the clasp . 
 it lies against my heart . 
 this is the closest thing i 'll ever have to the comfort of hearing my mom 's voice and feeling her arms around me again . 
 my fingers press the cross closer . 
 i sit there , looking at nothing , barely thinking , and slowly rock myself . 
 time passes . 
 i have no idea how much , but my body has become still and cold . 
 when a sharp breeze cuts past my cheek , i lift my face . 
 the vacant gaze that i 've had since i passed the iron gates comes into focus as i see a man in a long black coat . 
 he stands with his shoulders hunched , looking at the roses in his hand . 
 he stands there frozen for a long time . 
 when he moves , he bends over and places the flowers on the ground on the grave in front of him . 
 when he stands , he throws his head back and looks up at the sky . 
 i see his face . 
 it 's sean . 
 i do n't know what i 'm doing or what i want from him . 
 i just see his pain and react . 
 weaving my way around countless graves , i come up behind him . 
 my fingers clutch the cross around my neck like it can save me . 
 my entire body has gone numb from the cold . 
 i have no jacket . 
 i want to feel the sting of the wind . 
 i desperately need something to make sense . 
 sean must feel my eyes on his back . 
 he turns slowly . 
 at first i think he 's going to be mad , but his gaze sinks to the ground and he turns back to the tombstone at his feet . 
 i walk up next to him and he asks , `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 my voice comes out gravely when i speak , `` same reason as you , i suppose . '' 
 `` your parents ? '' 
 he asks . 
 his voice sounds deep and strained . 
 i nod , but sean does n't see me . 
 i 'm not sure if he sees anything . 
 he stares straight ahead at the grave with such intensity that i ca n't look . 
 `` yeah , i needed to talk to them . 
 i have no idea if they can hear me , but i just needed to be here . 
 i ca n't explain it . '' 
 i 'm quiet for a second and then add , `` but talking to the dead seems to be a one-sided conversation . 
 i ask them for help , but they ca n't help me anymore . 
 i 'm on my own . '' 
 sean turns his grief-stricken face toward me . 
 our eyes lock and i see my own pain mirrored in his eyes , but there 's something else there too-something more . 
 the wind rustles his dark hair . 
 sean looks so lost , so vulnerable . 
 after a moment , my eyes fall on the tombstone . 
 i see the name . 
 i stare at it like i do n't understand . 
 i expected this to be his parents , but it 's not . 
 the name carved into the headstone is amanda ferro . 
 sean turns back to the grave . 
 i stare at the roses he 's placed on the ground . 
 `` amanda was my wife , '' he says . 
 his voice sticks to the back of his throat , barely audible . 
 sean does n't say anything else . 
 i stare , unblinking . 
 he was married and now amanda is gone . 
 the woman who wrote the note in his pocket is dead . 
 the grave is old . 
 there 's no freshly turned soil , no indications of a recent funeral . 
 her death must have been years ago . 
 sean was much younger then , barely twenty by the look of him . 
 i glance at the headstone again . 
 there 's only one name . 
 where 's the baby ? 
 the lump in my throat grows as i think about what might have happened to them , about what horrors sean had to have seen to render him the person standing next to me . 
 every time i think i know what 's going on , everything falls apart . 
 i feel the anger and disappointment fracture . 
 that wall i forced up around my heart shatters as it falls away . 
 i reach for sean 's gloved hand and weave our fingers together . 
 sean lets me . 
 we both stand there , staring , saying nothing . 
 sometimes there is nothing to say . 
 after a few moments , he turns to me glassy-eyed . 
 sean 's jaw is tense , like he 's ready to bite someone 's head off . 
 his eyes move over my sweats and then return to my face . 
 the wind picks up my hair and throws it over my eyes and mouth . 
 before i can move my hand to push it back , sean does it for me . 
 his eyes meet mine and he stares . 
 i can feel him struggling to come back from the dark places in the back of his mind . 
 i see it in his eyes and i know he can see the darkness in mine . 
 part of me wants to shut down and push him out . 
 i ca n't take what life is throwing at me . 
 the sick part of the whole thing is that there 's a squeaky voice in the back of my head that wo n't let me just lie down and die . 
 she never gives up , even when she 's had her ass handed to her time and time again . 
 sean looks down at my hand and then back at my face . 
 his voice is soft , careful . 
 `` take me to meet them . '' 
 there 's a question in his words , like i have the option to say no . 
 we watch each other carefully . 
 finally , i nod . 
 i pull him onto the path and we walk back to my parent 's grave in silence . 
 when i stop in front of them , i say , `` this is sean . '' 
 i smile sadly and squeeze his hand . 
 sean squeezes back . 
 we both stare at the head stone for a moment and say nothing . 
 finally , i say , `` my mom would have liked you . 
 she would have said you were too skinny and tried to stuff an unreasonable about of food down your throat . '' 
 the thought makes me smile . 
 she was like that , always trying to fatten my friends up . 
 a ghost of a smile passes over his lips . 
 `` what about your dad ? '' 
 i smile . 
 `` oh , he 'd hate your guts . 
 i 'm sure of it . '' 
 sean looks surprised and seriously amused . 
 `` and why is that ? '' 
 `` because you have heartbreaker written all over you . 
 daddy would see you coming from a mile away . 
 he would have told you that he 'd break every bone in your body if you hurt me . '' 
 i smile thinking about it . 
 daddy always said it teasingly when i brought a guy home , but there was a current of truth there . 
 he wanted to keep me safe and that meant keeping my heart in one piece . 
 right now my heart has broken so badly that all that is remains is dust . 
 the smile slips off my lips . 
 sean watches me . 
 he knows what i 'm thinking . 
 it 's almost like he feels the weight of the memory the same way i do . 
 i flick my eyes to the headstone . 
 `` they got blindsided that night . 
 so did i. '' `` i know what you mean . '' 
 his voice is somber , deep . 
 he adds , `` what does n't kill you makes you stronger . '' 
 sean says my words back to me , but they seem to have new meaning , like the old adage is a lie and we 're the only ones who know the truth . 
 i nod slowly . 
 `` the thing is-i 'm not stronger . 
 i feel like i 'm half dead , barely hanging on . 
 most days , i go through the motions , hoping the next day will be better . 
 then , some days bitch-slap me so hard that it feels like that night all over again . '' 
 as i speak , i stare at nothing . 
 i see nothing . 
 the memories from that night flash through my mind . 
 i shiver and shake it away , refusing to relive the horror again . 
 `` and today was one of those days ? '' 
 sean says it so casually , but it 's as if he knows the turmoil that he caused me . 
 i feel his eyes on the side of my face , but i do n't look up . 
 i just stare straight ahead . 
 he sighs and looks past the tree toward his wife 's grave . 
 `` last night , something you did stirred up a memory . 
 i could n't repress it . 
 that 's why i left . 
 i did n't mean to be cruel to you . 
 i 'd take it back if i could , avery . '' 
 sean 's words should make me feel elated , but the heaviness is too great . 
 his remorse , the pain in his voice strums through me and resonates . 
 i know that feeling . 
 anything can conjure a memory-a song , a scent , a touch . 
 i glance over at him . 
 `` i know you would . '' 
 there are more words to say , but neither of us says them . 
 death has f ** ked us both up to the point that we 're barely functioning . 
 chapter 4 sean insists on getting me coffee . 
 as we walk back to his car , he wraps his coat over my shoulders . 
 `` really , i 'm fine . 
 it 's better this way . '' 
 i try to shirk it off and give the wool coat back to him , but sean puts it on me again , pressing my shoulders tight . 
 `` no , it 's not . 
 avery , there are other things to do-ways to feel something besides pain . '' 
 sean glances at me out of the corner of his eye . 
 when we get to his car , he pulls the door open and holds it for me . 
 `` what makes you think that 's what i 'm doing ? '' 
 i stop in front of him . 
 sean 's warm breath turns white as he sighs , looking down at me . 
 `` can you seriously ask me that question ? 
 now you know why i avoid new york . 
 now you know why i 'm a deranged f ** k that ca n't get involved with anyone , the reason why i was looking for a call girl . 
 when she died , it left a hole in my chest . 
 there is n't a day that goes by that i do n't feel it pulling , trying to suck me under . 
 some days i let it . 
 some days i ca n't stand the thought of tomorrow , of going through the motions again . '' 
 sean speaks with confidence , but his eyes say something else . 
 his hand is clutched into a tight fist . 
 he holds it over his heart , protecting what 's left . 
 the pit of my stomach falls away as he speaks . 
 i know exactly what he 's talking about . 
 `` so you hired me . 
 that 's how you deal with it ? '' 
 his gaze falls to the side and he nods . 
 a year ago , i would have condemned him for saying something like that , but not now . 
 i 've been through too much to judge him . 
 sean 's protecting himself , forcing himself to feel something besides grief . 
 it is the same thing that i do , leaving with no coat . 
 `` so , your sweater and lack of coat might not stem entirely from money issues , am i right ? '' 
 sean presses his forehead to mine . 
 a light smile crosses his lips . 
 i look up at him from under my lashes . 
 `` no one has noticed that before . 
 i 'm not even sure that i knew what i was doing . 
 i understand feeling cold . 
 i understand what it means and what i should do . 
 but , my god-sean i do n't understand this . '' 
 i gesture at the grave yard . 
 `` i do n't know what to do . 
 days pass and turn into months , but nothing changes . 
 it 's not better . 
 i feel myself getting chipped away . 
 soon there will be nothing left to hold on to . '' 
 my throat tightens as i speak and i drop my gaze . 
 it feels like someone is strangling me . 
 admitting that i do n't know how to cope with all this makes me feel weak , like i 'll falter and fade away . 
 this entire time , i 've carried this massive burden on my own two shoulders . 
 i 've never said it to anyone , and here i am confessing my deepest secret to the guy who bought me . 
 sean pulls me against his chest and holds on tight . 
 i can barely feel his touch , i 'm so numb . 
 he squeezes me tighter and tighter until all the air is forced out of my lungs . 
 that 's when he loosens his grip . 
 `` there is more to hold onto than you think . '' 
 he kisses my forehead and releases me . 
 i 'm aware of the warmth of his moist lips on my cold skin , but i ca n't feel the kiss . 
 it has no comfort , no joy . 
 it 's just a touch , like pressing my finger to the tip of a needle . 
 i 've done that , just to see if i could feel the sharp pain of the needle when it pricked my skin . 
 instead , the only indication that i should stop was a bead of blood that dripped down my palm . 
 sean 's voice pulls me from the memory . 
 `` avery , let 's not waste the day just trying to muddle through it . 
 let 's do something . '' 
 sean smiles softly at me . 
 `` we 'll start with coffee and go from there . '' 
 i nod . 
 sean holds the door to his shiny black sports car open and i slip into the seat . 
 when sean gets in and turns on the car , i ask , `` no motorcycle ? '' 
 `` i only ride when your car is in danger of being stolen and right now , '' he lifts his chin toward my car , `` it looks like it 's in its element . '' 
 his voice is lighter , his tone teasing . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i smile at him and add , `` do n't dis my car . 
 she 's been with me through thick and thin . '' 
 `` i 'll have her returned to your dorm while we 're out so she can continue to attract scallywags and thieves . '' 
 sean starts the car and glances over at me with a playful look on his face . 
 i snort laugh , not expecting his lightness . 
 `` scallywags ? '' 
 `` yes , and that would be me . 
 the day we met , your little car attracted both types of very virtuous men . '' 
 the corner of his mouth twitches , like he wants to smile . 
 `` yeah , normally i 'd shove everyone in the backseat and cruise up and down deer park avenue blasting the radio . '' 
 that makes him smile . 
 he pulls away from the cemetery and for the first time in a long time , i feel like i might be okay . 
 chapter 5 with a cup of hot coffee in hand , sean drives without telling me where he 's going . 
 `` seriously , '' i ask . 
 `` you are n't even going to give me a hint ? '' 
 sean glances at me out of the corner of his eye . 
 `` nope . '' 
 `` well , you suck . '' 
 he chuckles , but i talk over him . 
 `` come on , just one little hint . '' 
 the hot little cup warms my hands . 
 `` you 'll have to do better than that , miss smith . '' 
 there 's a faint smile on his lips . 
 sean drives for a while and after a few turns , we 're at a toy store . 
 `` reliving your childhood , are we ? '' 
 i say , arching an eyebrow at him . 
 `` perhaps , '' he says , noncommittally , and walks around to open my door . 
 i 'm not used to it . 
 i already have my hand on the door , and push it open at the same time he steps in front of the door . 
 the result is instant . 
 the door smacks into his waist and forces out a gush of air the same way as if a fat guy slugged his chest . 
 i jump out of the car . 
 `` oh my god ! 
 i 'm sorry . 
 are you all right ? '' 
 sean holds his hand to his stomach and bends over . 
 he straightens but i can tell that it hurts from the way his face is pinched . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' he says through his teeth and tries to smile . 
 the way he looks , something about the way he says it , makes me laugh . 
 placing my hand on his shoulder , i mean to offer my apologies but i ca n't stop laughing . 
 my emotions are so screwed up . 
 they turn on in short uncontrollable bursts . 
 suddenly , something seems very funny and i have to laugh . 
 maybe it 's because i 've cried too much over the past few months . 
 either way , sean looks incredulous , which just makes me giggle more . 
 `` nice , very nice , avery . 
 i like the suave way you avoided making me feel silly . '' 
 sean laughs with me after he says it . 
 we both lean up against the car , giggling and gasping for air . 
 `` thanks , '' i finally say , looking over my shoulder at him . 
 `` i needed that . '' 
 `` i 'd take a door to the gut for you any time , miss smith . '' 
 his eyes sweep over my face . 
 they dart between my lips and my eyes . 
 i think he 's going to kiss me , but sean takes a deep breath and pushes off the car . 
 the moment is gone . 
 `` come on . 
 let 's get what we came here for . '' 
 sean takes me by the hand and leads me into the toy store . 
 we have to look on the clearance aisle because the thing he wants is out of season . 
 he 's bent over , digging around in a bin when he stands and grins at me . 
 `` found one . '' 
 sean plucks a kite from the bin , still wrapped in plastic . 
 it has an extra-long thing of string . 
 `` are you serious ? 
 we came here for a kite ? '' 
 i ca n't imagine what he 's thinking . 
 `` yeah . 
 my life could use a dash of levity right now . '' 
 the way he says it , the way his voice catches in his throat , makes my heart ache . 
 i feel the same way . 
 he can see it in my eyes . 
 `` i suspect that you are in need of the same sort of , ah ... screw it . '' 
 sean runs his fingers through his hair and looks at the floor before looking back up at me . 
 `` i 'm trying to sound classy , avery , but your eyes just make me melt . 
 i ca n't think around you . 
 you bring out a side of me that , well , let 's just say that it has n't seen sunlight in years . 
 let 's go fly a kite at the beach . 
 i 'll buy you lunch . 
 we can see how high the thing goes before the string snaps and it flies away . 
 what do you say ? '' 
 stepping toward him , i touch the plastic packaging on the little kite . 
 it 's the ninety-nine cent kind that kids fly . 
 the corner of my lips pull up . 
 `` well , i have plans this evening , but i think i can sneak in a trip to the beach to fly this ... '' turning the package over , i look to see what cartoon character is on the kite . 
 but when i flip it over , i laugh so hard that i slap my hands over my mouth . 
 giggling , i point to the kite . 
 `` holy shit . 
 that 's a pig in a tutu ! 
 on a kite ! '' 
 sean grins , `` when pigs fly . 
 apparently , a very pretty pig will be flying today . '' 
 he holds out his elbow . 
 `` my lady . '' 
 laughing , i take his arm and embark on one of the best days of my life . 
 chapter 6 i kick off my shoes as sean pulls the little kite out of the package and assembles it . 
 the beach is empty today , probably because it 's freezing . 
 the sun is a bright golden ball and the sky is that awesome shade of blue . 
 i sit down and bury my toes in the sand , not caring about the chilly air . 
 sean drops his coat on the sand next to me and ties the string onto the kite . 
 `` here you go . 
 ladies first . '' 
 sean hands me the kite and i take it . 
 i ca n't help but smile when i look at the thing . 
 it has a pink cartoon pig doing a pirouette in a purple tutu . 
 it 's perfect . 
 `` just so you know , i suck at kite flying . 
 kites hate me . 
 you 've been warned . '' 
 i nod at him , but sean gives me a quizzical look . 
 `` how could you possibly suck at kite flying ? '' 
 `` wait and see . 
 it 's the kind of suckage that 's spectacular . '' 
 `` oh , '' he grins , saying , `` the best kind of suckage , then . '' 
 sean takes the kite from my hands and walks a few steps back , after kicking off his shoes . 
 the wind blows his dark hair out of his eyes . 
 for the first time i get to see his face without that brooding look he always wears . 
 sean has a boyish grin on his face as he moves away from me holding the silliest kite that i 've ever seen . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 he asks , and holds the kite over his head . 
 i nod . 
 `` yup . '' 
 sean releases the kite and i turn and run forward . 
 the wind catches the kite quickly , pulling it higher and higher . 
 i yank the line and let out more string and stop running . 
 then , i yank it again as the piggy kite swerves in the air . 
 the wind pulls it hard and the kite changes direction . 
 sean is still standing in the same spot , looking up at the kite when it happens . 
 i have no idea why it happens to me , but it does . 
 the kite seems to get caught in a little vortex , swirls , and plummets-and i mean drops like a speeding vulture-from the sky . 
 sean 's eyes grow wide . 
 he runs at the last second and the kite crashes into his hip . 
 he yelps and rubs his thigh . 
 i try not to laugh , but i ca n't hide the smile on my face . 
 `` i told you that i 'm cursed . 
 i ca n't fly a kite worth a damn . 
 it does n't matter where you stand . 
 it will hit you . '' 
 the wind catches my hair and tosses it behind me . 
 `` i do n't believe it , '' sean says shaking his head as he walks toward me . 
 `` there is no way in hell you could hit me like that twice . '' 
 sean is standing next to me , winding up the string . 
 he hands me the roll back and takes the kite . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 `` hell , yeah . 
 i 'm fine . 
 the kite is n't going to hit me . 
 maybe you should put on your helmet ? '' 
 i tease him , grinning . 
 i know how this is going to go . 
 sean 's blue eyes lock with mine . 
 a shiver runs through me and it has nothing to do with the crisp air . 
 `` if you hit me again , i 'll wear my helmet . '' 
 `` is that a challenge , mr. jones ? '' 
 `` are you doing it on purpose , miss smith ? 
 were you a professional kite flyer or something ? '' 
 i laugh and shake my head . 
 `` no , it 's just my natural awesomeness manifesting itself . '' 
 i smile at him for a moment . 
 `` you know it 's going to crash into you , right ? 
 i mean , this seems like we 're tempting fate way too much . '' 
 `` fly the kite , smitty . '' 
 sean steps away from me , spooling the string out as he walks . 
 when he 's a few feet away , sean asks me if i 'm ready . 
 i nod and he releases the kite . 
 i tug the string hard and run a few steps . 
 sean moves this time and walks toward me . 
 he watches the kite climb higher and higher . 
 i yank the string and the give it more slack . 
 the piggy kite flies higher . 
 sean has that arrogant grin on his face , like he thinks he 's won . 
 he stands in the sand next to me and folds his arms over his chest . 
 he 's wearing jeans with a charcoal colored sweater . 
 that color makes his eyes look like topaz . 
 sean makes a pleased noise in the back of his throat . 
 `` the kite 's still in the air . '' 
 `` i did n't say that i could n't keep it up , '' i grin at him . 
 `` that would be a totally different problem . 
 i said that it will crash into you . 
 to crash , the kite needs to come down . 
 and it will hit you . '' 
 `` that was a fluke . 
 you ca n't honestly tell me that you 've flown a kite in the past few years and it crashed into someone every time ? '' 
 `` i could say no , but it 'd be a big fat lie . 
 have a seat mr. jones and wait for it to happen . '' 
 i tug the kite string and watch the piggy in the tutu dance against the sky . 
 sean settles onto the sand next to me . 
 he pulls up his knees and wraps his arms around them . 
 `` i used to come here a lot . 
 it did n't matter what the weather was like . '' 
 i nod and glance at him out of the corner of my eye . 
 `` the best time to be here is - '' `` right before a storm , '' we say in unison . 
 sean gives me a strange look , which i return . 
 smirking i tug on my piggy kite . 
 a prickly feeling covers my skin and is gone in a flash . 
 i tuck my hair behind my ear , but the wind keeps whipping it in my face . 
 `` well , that was creepy . 
 most people say in the sunshine . '' 
 `` you are n't most people . '' 
 `` neither are you , '' i say . 
 my heart is pounding . 
 i do n't turn to look at him . 
 i can feel his gaze resting on the side of my face . 
 i tug the kite . 
 `` i like how the air feels thick and the waves crash onto the sand . 
 i like to put my toes in the sand when it has that damp chill . 
 i 've come out in the rain , and just sat on the shore . 
 there 's something about the ocean , about the waves and watching a spring storm roll in that 's soothing . '' 
 sean stares at me . 
 when he does n't respond , i look over at him . 
 his blue eyes are wide . 
 when our gazes meet , they lock . 
 i ca n't look away . 
 something inside me responds to him , to the way he looks at me . 
 i feel the tug at the core of my body telling me that he 's more than he seems . 
 i try to force the sensation back , but i ca n't . 
 for a moment , sean just breathes . 
 when his lips part to say something , i feel the kite string go slack . 
 before the words are out of his mouth , the kite collides with his head . 
 it falls to the sand in a pile of plastic and string . 
 sean jumps a mile , and holds his hand to his ear . 
 i step toward him , my feet getting tangled in string . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 i kneel in front of him and turn his face to the side . 
 sean 's hands fall away from the spot where he was hit . 
 there 's a little scrape on his cheek that 's beading with blood . 
 i reach into my pocket and take out a tissue . 
 i press it to his skin and hold it there . 
 i feel stupid for hurting him . 
 sean takes my hand in his . 
 when i feel his gaze , i turn and look into his eyes . 
 the wind ruffles his hair , tossing it every which way . 
 he looks at me like he 's never seen me before . 
 the expression worries me . 
 my stomach flips in response . 
 i manage , `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 sean does n't answer . 
 he just watches me , intently focused on my face . 
 sean 's eyes drift to my mouth . 
 after a moment , he leans in and kisses me lightly . 
 my lashes lower as he does it and my heart pounds harder . 
 sean pulls back slightly , and looks into my eyes . 
 he opens his mouth like he 's going to say something , but nothing comes out . 
 my voice is so sweet , so soft . 
 i cup his face between my hands and say , `` oh , no . 
 did that blow to the head break your brain ? '' 
 sean seems to come back from wherever his mind drifted off to . 
 the panic in his eyes vanishes . 
 i have back the flirt with the bike , the man with the kite . 
 `` if i 'm bludgeoned by a piggy kite and lose my mind , you have to promise to tell people that i was done in by something much more manly . '' 
 i nod slowly , smiling . 
 `` mmm . 
 bear attack . 
 there are bears all over the beach . 
 totally believable . '' 
 i wink at him . 
 `` that mouth is going to get you in trouble , '' sean says , smiling . 
 the look in his eye is playful and carefree . 
 the kite is behind him . 
 i lean forward , like i 'm going to hug him . 
 sean tenses slightly . 
 i have no idea why . 
 we 've had sex , how is he still tense when i touch him ? 
 the hug was a diversion anyway . 
 i reach behind him and grab the kite . 
 smacking the kite into his back , i giggle , saying , `` bear attack ! 
 bear attack ! 
 rwoar ! '' 
 sean 's jaw drops open . 
 he lets me smack him with the kite at least three times before he tackles me , and knocks me back into the sand . 
 sean 's fingers find my bare skin under my sweater and he tickles . 
 i laugh and continue to taunt him . 
 `` next time we should get a bear kite . 
 that way it 's more believable . 
 millionaire , sean ferro , attacked on jones beach , by a bear . 
 channel 12 will come running out if we call that in . '' 
 i reach into my pocket , or rather i try to , but sean yanks the phone away . 
 `` i 'm not a millionaire and channel 12 does n't cover bear attacks-too exciting . '' 
 he pins me down , and manages to straddle me . 
 sean 's breathing hard . 
 he looks down at my face and i go still . 
 `` you 're not rich ? '' 
 `` i did n't say that . 
 i said i 'm not a millionaire . '' 
 sean has a strange look on his face . 
 `` ah , since we 're playing coy , i 'm not a millionaire , either . 
 i 'm a twentyaire . 
 i have twenty-five bucks in my pocket until i get paid . '' 
 i try to pull my wrists free , but sean does n't budge . 
 `` so , come on . 
 what are you ? 
 i told you how much i 'm worth . '' 
 i smile at him , laughing . 
 `` by the way , i 'm paying for lunch . 
 the $ 1 menu at wendy 's has some bitchin ' chicken nuggets with your name on them . '' 
 i waggle my eyebrows at him , not expecting him to tell me anything . 
 `` you 're treating me ? '' 
 he asks , surprised . 
 i nod . 
 sean pauses for a second . 
 then he licks his lips and leans down and whispers in my ear . 
 `` i 'm a billionaire , maybe a few times over . '' 
 i giggle when he pulls back and say , `` like the monopoly man ? '' 
 i stare at him . 
 holy shit . 
 sean watches me , waiting to see how i take it . 
 i act like i 'm going to be serious , and ask , `` do you have that kickass top hat ? 
 nah , i bet you 're more of a monocle man . '' 
 i reach into his pocket and sean squirms . 
 he grabs my wrists and pins me again . 
 `` seriously ? 
 that 's your reaction ? 
 you ask me if i dress like a cartoon character ? '' 
 my eyes shift back and forth between his . 
 sean seems surprised . 
 i 'm more distracted by his eyes . 
 i shrug . 
 `` money 's money . 
 you need it to live , but beyond that , i do n't care . 
 you ca n't take it with you . 
 hey , and this does n't mean that i 'm going to stiff you on lunch . 
 do n't worry . 
 i 'll get you a drink and some fries , too . 
 what 's mine is yours . '' 
 i grin at him , expecting him to laugh , but he does n't . 
 the pressure on my wrists disappears as sean sits up . 
 he slips off of me and i sit up next to him . 
 `` did i say something wrong ? '' 
 i ask , tucking my hair behind my ear . 
 `` because i do that a lot . 
 i did n't mean to be ass-y avery . '' 
 sean glances at me . 
 `` you seriously only have twenty bucks ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` and you were going to spend most of it on me , today ? '' 
 i nod again . 
 the way he 's acting makes me nervous . 
 i try to play it off , like it 's nothing . 
 `` it 's not rocket science , sean . 
 we 're hungry . 
 we eat . '' 
 sean 's eyes scan my face , like he ca n't believe what he sees . 
 `` you really do n't have any desire to be rich ? '' 
 `` there 's a line between being piss-ass poor and having enough to get by . 
 i want to hit the get-by line , maybe a little bit more . '' 
 i shrug and pull my knees into my chest . 
 `` more than that just f ** ks things up . 
 life is n't about money . 
 it 's about the people you love-the relationships you make . 
 maybe i have that once poor always poor thing . 
 i do n't know , but i do n't really care , mr. jones . 
 if you have a problem with it - '' sean stares at me like i have two heads . 
 `` i do n't have a problem with it , not at all . '' 
 i wiggle my toes in the sand and say , `` ca n't buy me love . '' 
 to my surprise , sean says the next line of the song . 
 i smile at him . 
 sean continues to recite the verse and soon his words turn to song . 
 the velvety sound of his voice sounds perfect . 
 sean pulls me to his chest and sings just for me . 
 i relax , looking out at the ocean and watch the waves . 
 his fingers smooth my hair as his breath warms my cheek . 
 it makes that feeling in my chest stir , the good one . 
 for the longest time , the only thing i could feel was that hollow ache . 
 chapter 7 sean nuzzles his chin to the side of my face and holds me tight . 
 i 'm sitting between his legs on the sand . 
 the way he breathes makes me feel peaceful . 
 it 's strange . 
 i do n't understand why or how . 
 i do n't question things like that anymore . 
 i just take it for what it is-i feel at ease around him . 
 sean rubs his hands over my arms . 
 the chill in the air numbed my skin a while ago . 
 it feels good to have him sitting so close , to warm me up . 
 i tilt my head back to ask him something , but never get the chance . 
 when our eyes meet , something shifts . 
 all day sean has acted more like a friend than a lover . 
 i 've convinced myself it 's because that 's what he is . 
 i 'm his paid lover . 
 it 's not the same . 
 but that look in his eye ensnares me . 
 it pulls me to him , making the butterflies in my stomach flutter to life . 
 sean watches my lips with a hungry intensity that sends sparks through my body . 
 through lowered lashes , his eyes never stray from my mouth . 
 i 'm pulled to him . 
 with everything in me , i try to resist , but i ca n't . 
 i 'm barely breathing , hardly holding on . 
 sean gives me something to hold on to , at least for now . 
 the space between us closes . 
 sean 's lips are right there . 
 i feel the magnetic pull and before i know it , his lips are brushing against mine . 
 i suck in air , trying hard to control myself . 
 i do n't want him to know how enamored i am , how much i want him . 
 it has nothing to do with contracts or money . 
 it 's sean . 
 i want him , i want to be around him and taste his lips because i want to . 
 the kiss is a breathtaking tease . 
 when he pulls away , sean 's blue eyes are blazing like twin flames . 
 i ca n't look away . 
 i twist in his lap and turn to my side . 
 leaning into his chest , i lift my hand to his cheek . 
 leaning in slowly , watching his beautiful lips , i close the space between us . 
 my heart pounds harder as i feel sean 's hands in my hair . 
 he does n't pull me forward , but he does n't push me back . 
 something inside of me is screaming for me to stop . 
 it 's the voice that tells me to hold on , that i can survive this . 
 when every other thought falls silent , it 's always there . 
 i do n't understand the warning bells going off . 
 i just know how sean makes me feel and i need to feel something that i understand right now . 
 that night on the motorcycle , the night he helped me chase my car down , there were no voices telling me to beware . 
 he could have ridden off with me and dumped my body at the captree boat docks . 
 no one would have known what happened to me . 
 there was no little voice in the back of my head then , so it 's totally weird that it 's there now . 
 breathing in deeply , i ignore the warning and press my lips to his . 
 the uncertainty fades as sean kisses me back . 
 his tongue sweeps against the seam of my lips , gently , asking me if i want him . 
 when i let him in , sean holds me tight and leans us back into the sand . 
 he rolls so that i 'm under him . 
 the cold air and the hot kisses crash together . 
 my pulse pounds harder as the kiss builds hotter and hotter . 
 sean keeps his lips on mine the entire time , not stopping for breath . 
 his hands touch my face , gently stroking my cheek as the kiss intensifies . 
 my heart thuds inside of me like it 's been sleeping and suddenly startled awake . 
 my body is hot and cold , my mind is swimming in sensations that conflict . 
 sean knows how to draw me out of my despair . 
 his touch is like magic . 
 everything that was crushing me is gone , temporarily held away . 
 i lose myself in his lips . 
 my eyes are closed and i focus on the feel of his lips on mine . 
 every time he sweeps his tongue over mine , my insides flutter . 
 it 's magic . 
 after a moment , sean pulls back . 
 his eyes sweep my face before locking with mine . 
 reaching toward me , sean tucks a dark curl behind my ear . 
 `` your kiss is addicting , '' he says , his voice a little too husky from a kiss . 
 i smile at him and touch his cheek and feel the light stubble under the pads of my fingers . 
 sean 's eyes lower as i do it . 
 he takes a slow , deep , breath like he 's savoring my touch . 
 when his eyes open again , he takes a jagged breath . 
 my gaze drifts to his lips . 
 i ca n't stop staring at his mouth . 
 `` if you keep looking at me like that , i 'm not going to be able to stop . '' 
 an awkward smile spreads across my face . 
 my fingers twirl the hair at the base of his neck . 
 `` you 'd have sex in the sand , when it 's freezing outside ? '' 
 `` if it meant that i could be with you , '' his hands strokes my cheek , `` then , yes . '' 
 i stare into sean 's eyes , unable to blink , unable to breathe . 
 this feels real . 
 i do n't know what to say . 
 `` you get to be with me as much as you want . 
 you bought me , remember ? '' 
 sean 's eyes dart back and forth between mine . 
 his hand strokes my cheek again . 
 the sensation makes my eyes close briefly as his warm fingers trail across my chilled skin . 
 `` but it 's not like this . '' 
 before i can ask him what he means , sean 's lips are on mine . 
 he kisses me fiercely , pressing his mouth firmly to mine . 
 his hands rove my body , carefully moving over areas that no one is supposed to touch . 
 his hands slip over the curve of my h * ps and under my sweater . 
 i feel sean 's cold fingers press against the small of my back . 
 i arch toward him and sean pulls me tighter . 
 he kisses me like he 's never going to get another chance . 
 my fingers tangle in his hair . 
 i find the bottom of his sweater and slip my hands underneath . 
 i slide my palms along his toned body , feeling the warm skin on his back . 
 sean reacts by moving onto me . 
 my knees part and i wrap my ankles around his . 
 the kisses grow more passionate . 
 my heart pounds harder . 
 i do n't understand how he does this to me . 
 in that moment , there 's only him and me . 
 i do n't hurt . 
 there are no memories to repress , no thoughts to hold back . 
 there 's only sean and his hot lips . 
 without realizing it , i pull his hair . 
 sean gasps and breaks the kiss . 
 his eyes are dark with desire . 
 he 's breathing hard and so am i. watching me closely , sean reaches for the button on my jeans . 
 he flips the button with his thumb and lowers the zipper . 
 my pulse is thundering in my ears , waiting to see what sean wants to do . 
 his blue eyes are locked on mine . 
 sean presses his hand to my stomach and slips his fingers into my panties . 
 my mouth falls open into a little o. i make a sound at the back of my throat as his fingers touch me . 
 sean watches me and gages my reactions to his touch . 
 he moves his hand in a way that makes me hot even though it 's cold . 
 sean 's fingers tease me , pressing and flicking the sensitive flesh . 
 i gasp and push my h * ps to his hand , wanting more . 
 he watches me move . 
 our eyes lock . 
 there 's something about his gaze that captivates me . 
 i never thought i 'd want someone to do this to me , and watch me so openly , but with him it feels right . 
 when i ca n't stand the teasing anymore , i wrap my fingers around sean 's neck and pull him back down . 
 kissing sean fiercely , i feel his hand shift lower . 
 his fingers push inside of me . 
 gasping , i rock my h * ps against his hand . 
 sean dips his fingers in and out , rocking with me . 
 the movement makes me feel like i 'm floating . 
 i never want it to end . 
 i feel his eyes on me , watching me . 
 my heart pounds harder . 
 i feel what he 's done to me , how my body responds to him . 
 the heat between my legs warms my entire body . 
 sean 's lips press against my cheek and then dip to my neck . 
 i hear voices coming from somewhere behind us on the boardwalk . 
 sean hears them , too . 
 he stills for a moment and the people walk past . 
 sean is breathing hard when he looks at me . 
 `` tell me what you want , '' sean says , his voice filled with need . 
 `` you . '' 
 it 's the only thing i want . 
 i want to feel sean inside of me . 
 i want to lose myself in him . 
 i reach for his jeans and undo the button . 
 when my hands are on the zipper , he stops me . 
 sean 's fingers hold mine . 
 there 's a slight tremor to his hands . 
 when i look at his face , sean wo n't return my gaze . 
 i can barely breathe . 
 sean seems like he 's frozen . 
 i must have done something , but i do n't know what . 
 taking his hand , i lift it to my lips . 
 i kiss each one of his fingers , gently pressing my lips to the soft pad . 
 then , i take the next finger and do it again . 
 when i finish , i reach for his waist again . 
 this time , sean lets me . 
 i lower his zipper and slip my hand below his jeans . 
 sean sucks in the cold air as my fingers wrap around his hard , hot shaft . 
 i free him from his cloths without undressing him , and then pull him onto me . 
 sean adjusts my jeans , lowering them . 
 when the cold air hits my warm bottom , i think i might die . 
 but then sean is there , hot and hard . 
 i feel his body against mine . 
 sean pushes into me slowly and then pulls nearly all the way out . 
 then he repeats it . 
 my hands find the skin on his back . 
 every time he pushes into me , i dig my nails in wanting more . 
 every moment that passes is filled with pure bliss . 
 my body responds to him , but it 's so different than the other night . 
 i feel different . 
 my core is hotter than hell and that delicate throbbing starts somewhere inside of me . 
 sean thrusts into me in rhythm with that pulsing . 
 as he takes me higher and higher , the throbbing becomes more demanding . 
 when he ca n't take it anymore , sean thrusts into me , pushing harder and faster , until i shatter . 
 gasping , every inch of my body feels incredible . 
 i 'm so high , so intoxicated with him . 
 sean stays there , on top of me , breathing hard . 
 his fingers brush my hair out of my face . 
 the look on his face is pensive . 
 sean 's gaze sweeps over my eyes , cheeks , and lips . 
 his mouth parts like he wants to say something , but he does n't . 
 a shiver slips down my spine . 
 suddenly i feel the cold sand and damp air . 
 i 'm still warm , but my senses are returning . 
 i 'm falling back to earth , becoming more aware of what we did . 
 sean rolls off of me and helps me get my jeans up without filling them with sand . 
 as it is , there 's sand stuck to my cheeks and the small of my back . 
 we wiggled too much to be sand-free . 
 after he buttons my jeans , sean lays back down , pressing his body to mine . 
 that distant look in his eyes is gone , replaced with something that i do n't recognize . 
 there 's a softness there , a vulnerability that makes me want to hold him forever . 
 sean presses his lips together . 
 i think he 's going to say something , but he ca n't seem to say it . 
 i start to speak , but sean leans down and presses his lips to mine , silencing me . 
 the kiss is small and chaste . 
 his mouth drifts to my cheek , and then my eyes and nose , leaving a trail of light kisses in his wake . 
 the last kiss is on my forehead . 
 i watch him , wondering what he 's thinking , wishing that i knew . 
 i finally ask , `` what are you thinking ? '' 
 sean sits up on the sand and lets out a rush of air . 
 he pushes his hands through his hair and looks down at me . 
 `` i wish things were different . 
 i wish i. . . '' 
 he sounds tense , like he made a mistake . 
 the muscle in his jaw tightens like he ca n't swallow . 
 i sit up and lean back on my elbows . 
 the wind catches my hair and lifts it from my neck , chilling me . 
 i jump up . 
 i reach out and take sean 's hand and pull him to his feet . 
 `` this is n't the time for wishing or regrets . '' 
 sean looks at my hands holding onto his . 
 when his gaze lifts , he asks , `` then what time is it ? '' 
 there 's more there , things he wants to say . 
 i can hear his heart breaking all over again . 
 i wonder if i 'm echoing his wife . 
 i wonder if he feels guilty . 
 i know loss , but sean 's is different . 
 i ca n't imagine his pain . 
 `` time for lunch . 
 i 'm treating . 
 you 're driving . 
 come on , motorcycle man . 
 carpe diem and all that crap . 
 let 's go ! '' 
 i bend over and grab the piggy kite and we head for the car . 
 neither of us says anything for a while . 
 sean seems lost , like he 's floating with no anchor . 
 i lean back in the seat , grateful for the heater . 
 maybe i 'm a little nuts , always making myself cold , but that does n't mean that i do n't like getting warm . 
 i like things that are predictable , things that i can control . 
 it makes me feel better . 
 we head into wendy 's and i tell sean to grab us a table . 
 he lifts an eyebrow at me . 
 `` you 're ordering for me ? 
 that 's kind of manly . '' 
 `` get over it , bitch , '' i tease , smiling at him . 
 i meant it to sound more serious , but he smiles and i laugh . 
 `` go sit . 
 let me treat you to the most wonderful lunch of your life . '' 
 i lean in and whisper in his ear , `` it 's that good . '' 
 sean walks away and i order us a bunch of stuff off the cheap-o menu . 
 this is a splurge for me , but it 's worth it . 
 i get the idea that sean does n't dine on a $ 1.99 very often . 
 i wonder what expression he 'd have on his face if saw my dorm room and my stash of ramen noodles . 
 the nak * d guy would probably be a distraction . 
 where the hell did he get a turkey from , anyway ? 
 i wonder if amber 's plaything stole it from the cafeteria . 
 i smile to myself and walk back to the table . 
 sean looks at the tray and back up at me . 
 `` milkshakes ? '' 
 `` do n't come between a girl and her chocolate . 
 here , '' i had him a small burger , half the fries , and a cup of chili . 
 taking the burger , i unwrap it and pull the bun off . 
 i spoon the chili onto the meat , followed by the fries , and then a dollop of the shake . 
 `` happy lunch . '' 
 sean looks at the sandwich like it might bite him . 
 he tilts his head sideways and looks at the frozen shake melting out the side of the sandwich . 
 `` and you can assure me that i wo n't die from eating this ? '' 
 he lifts it and takes a bite . 
 there 's a crazy-ass expression on his face , like he ca n't decide if it 's delicious or disgusting . 
 i shrug my shoulders as i make my own little weird burger . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 this is the first time i 've put these together . '' 
 when i put the bun back on and lift the burger to my mouth , sean 's blue eyes are wide . 
 he 's staring at me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i 'm waiting to see if you 're screwing with me or if you plan on eating it , too . '' 
 he 's smiling , like he 's trying not to laugh . 
 `` oh , i 'm eating it . '' 
 i grin at him and stuff the food in my mouth , taking a huge bite . 
 the lettuce and ice cream are cold , while the rest of it is hot . 
 the textures and tastes mix in mouth . 
 sean watches me chew . 
 `` what 's your verdict ? '' 
 i smile and wipe some chocolate from the corner of my mouth . 
 `` it 's the most confusing thing i 've ever eaten . 
 it 's sweet and salty , hot and cold . 
 it 's like the bipolar burger . '' 
 `` created by the slightly insane spray-start car girl , '' sean says smiling at me . 
 he takes another bite and makes a strange face when he swallows . 
 i ca n't believe he 's eating it . 
 `` i still ca n't decide if it 's good or gross . '' 
 i point a fry at him and say , `` eat the whole thing and then decide . '' 
 `` i think you 're just trying to see what you can put in my mouth , miss smith . '' 
 sean 's eyes sparkle as he leans across the table and speaks in that velvety voice of his . 
 i poke him in the nose with a french fry . 
 `` i already know what i can put in your dirty mouth , mr. jones . '' 
 he feigns shock and presses his fingers to his chest . 
 `` and i 've barely told you about myself . 
 my , my , what keen eyes you have ... amongst other things . '' 
 there 's an older guy at the next table . 
 he glances at sean , his eyes wide . 
 my face flames red . 
 i hide behind my burger , acting like i 'm going to take a bite , but it just hovers in front of my face . 
 sean presses a finger to the food and pushes it back to the table . 
 i glance up at sean . 
 there 's a wicked look in his eye . 
 `` how can you be so shy after what we just did ? 
 there were people , avery , and you did n't even pause . 
 but this , talking about it later , this makes you blush ? '' 
 he 's laughing , smiling at me , teasing . 
 i slap his arm . 
 `` i 'm a complicated person , what can i say ? '' 
 the man next to us clears his throat . 
 he 's thin , with leathery looking skin and silver hair . 
 a green ball cap sits on his head . 
 he 's wearing a flannel jacket . 
 with his tray in his hand , he stands and says to me , `` be careful with that one . '' 
 his eyes flick to sean as he passes us , like the old guy does n't like him . 
 the smile fades off of sean 's lips , but i call after the guy . 
 `` actually it 's the other way around . '' 
 the old guy gives me a look when he dumps the trash off his tray . 
 he walks out without another word . 
 `` so , random men warn you away from me and that 's your response ? '' 
 sean looks at me oddly . 
 i ca n't tell if he 's playing with me or really wants to know . 
 `` random men say lots of things to me . 
 one guy was like , that guy stole your car ! 
 he was really sexy . 
 turns out that he 's a bit of a sex fiend . '' 
 i laugh lightly and smile at him . 
 sean 's eyes hold mine and i feel my stomach sink . 
 i said the wrong thing . 
 but sean glazes over it . 
 `` i was kind of shocked . 
 most girls would scream and call the cops if they got carjacked . '' 
 i point a fry at him and say , `` i 'm not most girls . 
 i flashed half of long island that night jumping on and off your bike . '' 
 sean watches me . 
 i can tell he 's going to say something terrible . 
 i do n't want to hear it . 
 i try to talk over him , but he puts his hand over mine and cuts me off . 
 `` you know that things ca n't stay like this , do n't you ? 
 i 'm not this guy . '' 
 i do n't understand what he means . 
 how can he not be himself ? 
 but , suddenly his words snap into place . 
 there 's a darker version of sean . 
 this lighter one is n't real . 
 it 's an illusion . 
 i pull my hand away and pick at my food . 
 `` that 's fine . 
 i 'm not this girl . '' 
 `` avery , '' he snaps , with a be serious tone . 
 `` sean , '' i mimic him back , using the same voice . 
 `` do n't tell me what i do or do n't see . 
 i know you 're a f ** ked up mess , okay . 
 so am i. i 'm okay with it . '' 
 `` you do n't know what you 're talking about . '' 
 his voice is cold , warning . 
 the rest of the meal passes in tense silence . 
 i do n't know what to say to him . 
 after everything that happened today , i feel closer to him and this feels like he 's pushing me away . 
 i do n't understand why . 
 every time things seem okay , he acts like this . 
 it 's driving me crazy . 
 sean 's gaze does n't meet mine while he finishes eating . 
 it 's like he 's stuck somewhere in the back of his mind . 
 i wonder if he ca n't come out of that darkness or if he does n't want to . 
 the entire time i 'm with him , i notice something . 
 we 're very alike in how we dealt with the lot we were given , but there 's a cynical sharpness to sean that i do n't have . 
 he seems to guard it , carefully wielding it when someone gets too close . 
 that smile on his face , the one he wore that night at the steakhouse , is fake . 
 his entire facade is a house of cards . 
 i ca n't blame him for doing anything he needs to do to hold himself together . 
 i do n't pretend to know how he feels about his loss . 
 it 's almost like he blames himself , that it was more than misfortune that stole his wife . 
 i glance at his beautiful face and wonder about his child . 
 i ca n't imagine sean giving the baby away , not if that child is the last piece he has of his wife . 
 but sean does n't mention the baby . 
 my throat tightens thinking about it . 
 sean 's lived through hell and hides every last bit of it . 
 watching him at the cemetery was the first glimpse i got of who he really is , and every time that i think i know sean , i find out that i do n't know him at all . 
 after lunch , sean drives me back to campus . 
 the silence continues , until he turns onto the main road . 
 `` do i need to pretend that i do n't know where you live ? 
 or would you like me to drop you by your dorm ? '' 
 i glance at him . 
 how does he know which dorm i 'm in ? 
 i wonder if i should be concerned , but i 'm not . 
 not looking at him , i say , `` wherever is fine . '' 
 my emotions feel brittle like an old leaf . 
 i 'm afraid i 'm going to lose myself and never crawl out of the grief that 's drowning me . 
 sean pulls up in front of my dorm . 
 i get out and see my car parked at the end of the lot . 
 before i shut the door , i turn back . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 my voice is wrong . 
 it sounds like i 'm saying something else , something i should never say to him . 
 i love you . 
 i hold his gaze for a moment and try to swallow , but i ca n't . 
 sean nods . 
 `` thank you . 
 i 'll remember today for a very long time . '' 
 my throat tightens . 
 why does it feel like we 're saying good-bye ? 
 i push back the feelings , and nod at him . 
 i close the door and walk away , thinking that i 'll see him in a few hours . 
 i think i know what 's in store for me that evening , but i was wrong . 
 chapter 8 as i walk toward my room , i run into mel . 
 she darts out of her room when she sees me walk by . 
 i do n't feel like talking and i need to change . 
 mel does n't seem to care though , and yanks me by the elbow . 
 `` whoa ! 
 where do you think you 're going ? '' 
 i whirl around and catch my balance before i fall over . 
 sand falls out of my pant leg onto the dingy gray carpet . 
 mel glances at the sand and back up at me . 
 she crosses her arms over her ample chest and throws out her hip . 
 her head sways as she scolds me . 
 `` have you lost your mind ? 
 i saw you with that guy on the beach . 
 you ca n't date anyone . 
 get your ass in here . '' 
 when i do n't move and flick my eyes longingly down the hallway , she snaps her fingers . 
 `` now . '' 
 i sigh . 
 `` fine . 
 whatever . '' 
 i follow her into her room . 
 her roommate is out . 
 mel has at least nine books open with pages marked with little sticky notes . 
 she 's working on her research project . 
 `` do n't give me that shit , avery . 
 i saw you and if i saw you , black could have . '' 
 she shuts the door . 
 after moving a book , she extends her hand to the chair i usually take when i visit her room . 
 `` sit , and tell me what the hell you 're thinking . 
 black wo n't pay you a cent if you violate your contract , which-by the way-you did by making out with some guy on the beach . '' 
 my eyes feel tired , strained . 
 i glance up at her . 
 `` how 'd you find me ? '' 
 she cocks her head to the side and makes a face . 
 `` do you think i 'm stupid ? '' 
 tapping her finger to her lips , she says , `` let 's see , what are the three places avery runs off to when she 's psychotically upset ? '' 
 mel ticks them off on her finger as she lists my three places . 
 `` one , that shitty old church out in timbuckf ** kingtoo , which is a hell of a drive to make when you 're not already out there . 
 two , your parent 's grave . 
 and three , jones beach , field five . 
 seriously , what the hell is going through your head ? '' 
 she folds her arms over her chest and taps her foot . 
 mel is still standing in front of me . 
 i know she 's scolding me because she knows what 's at stake-everything , my whole life . 
 i do n't look at her when i speak . 
 `` i did n't realize you knew all those places . '' 
 `` a girl ca n't have a brain ? 
 since your parents died , i know exactly where to find you when you go into that super funk , but avery-after everything you went through to get that job and you already did the nasty with a client-why are you throwing it away ? '' 
 her arms fall to her sides and her voice softens a little . 
 `` i 'm not , '' i say , feeling emotionally barren . 
 `` the guy on the beach was sean . 
 i ran out to the cemetery . 
 you 're right about that . '' 
 she nods like damn straight i 'm right . 
 i glance up at her . 
 `` please sit . 
 today 's been hard and i really do n't need you towering over me like you 're going to strangle me . '' 
 mel grumbles and then plops down on her bed . 
 `` go on . '' 
 `` sean was there . 
 i did n't see him at first . '' 
 i feel the story stick in my throat . 
 i do n't want to talk about it , but i need to . 
 i tell her about the paper that fell out of his coat , his wife 's name , about what i thought . 
 `` but i was wrong . 
 she died and i do n't know what happened to the baby , he does n't talk about it . 
 he 's hollow , like me . '' 
 i 'm staring into nothing as i speak . 
 my voice echoes in my ears . 
 i feel like i 'm not even here anymore . 
 `` bullshit . '' 
 mel rushes toward me , which shocks the hell out of me . 
 grabbing me by the shoulders , she pins me back in the chair . 
 she shakes me hard , yelling in my face as she does it . 
 `` wake the f ** k up ! '' 
 mel releases me . 
 i blink rapidly and look at her like she 's nuts . 
 `` you think this is a game ? 
 you do n't have the luxury to have that spaced out look on your face . 
 one mistake avery , just one goddamned mistake will send you into cardboard-box-land and you 'll never come back . 
 `` this was a mistake . 
 you 're falling for him . 
 that 's a bigger mistake . 
 there 's nothing there for you . 
 the guy is f ** ked up beyond repair . 
 he hired a call girl so he would n't have to deal with whatever shit happened to him . 
 it 's none of your business . 
 he 's not yours . 
 he never will be , so stop thinking about him like that . 
 `` this will ruin you , avery . 
 maybe you do n't see it yet , but i sure as hell do . 
 and you 're not like him . 
 i know you think you are , i see it on your pasty face , but you 're not . 
 he has no soul . 
 that guy is dead inside . 
 you are n't . 
 you 're still fighting back . 
 do n't give up , girl . 
 as your best friend , as a girl who 's had her share of shit , do n't surrender . 
 you and me , we 're survivors . 
 you 're going to get through this . 
 you 're going to finish college , get your master 's degree , and get the hell out of here . 
 i know you will . '' 
 mel 's passion is contagious . 
 i feel incredibly stupid for moping around , for attaching myself to someone who does n't want me . 
 swallowing hard , i ask , `` how do you know ? 
 i mean , sean seems - '' mel leans toward me and places her hand on my shoulder . 
 `` listen . 
 i 'm going to tell you how i know , and do n't think that i 'm mean . 
 i 'm just telling you what 's real , okay ? '' 
 i nod slowly . 
 fear pulses through my body . 
 i can already tell that i 'm not going to like what she has to say . 
 `` that boy do n't love you . 
 he 's not even into you . 
 he came to black and asked for a virgin . 
 that was it , avery . 
 you were the only one , so he took you . 
 i was there when he called . 
 he wanted a curvy blonde . 
 black said all we had was you . 
 you 're not his type . 
 you 're a warm p ** sy to f ** k and nothing more . 
 avery , do your job and get the hell away from him . '' 
 she tightens her grip on my shoulder . 
 i ca n't look at her . 
 inside my head , i know that 's all i am . 
 i 'm a hooker , but sometimes it seems like more . 
 my jaw locks as she speaks . 
 when i try to talk , i work it to loosen the tense muscles . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i know you 're right ... '' `` and ? '' 
 `` and , nothing . 
 i 'm nothing to him . 
 all this is new to me . 
 i ca n't separate my heart from my body . '' 
 i blink slowly , trying to get the burning sensation in my eyes to stop . 
 mel sits down across from me , but still within reach . 
 `` admitting that it 's just sex is the first part . 
 doing it over and over again is what steels your heart . 
 when you do it that way , you do n't know who they are and you wo n't care . 
 it 's money , it 's a stress-reliever , it 's fun-but it 's never love . 
 avery , you got to remember that . 
 they want no strings , no emotional attachment , and that 's what we give them . '' 
 mel pauses for a second and then glances at me , like she should n't be asking . 
 `` what do you think about taking another client ? 
 it would help you get over this one . '' 
 `` i already told black that i would . '' 
 my chest feels like it 's going to cave in . 
 the pressure 's too much . 
 `` good . 
 good . '' 
 mel pats my knee . 
 `` that 's the first step out of this . 
 when you do it with another guy , you 'll see that what you feel for sean is just a trick your mind 's playing on you ; that it was only f ** king . 
 if you told black that you want another client , she 'll have you agree to the person and sign the contract tonight before going to sean . 
 sign them . 
 do n't wait . 
 it 'll keep things from getting more muddled . 
 you can do this , avery . 
 it 's a good job . '' 
 her eyes are so vibrant . 
 she 's leaning toward me , trying to hold my gaze . 
 i nod slowly , like i 'm stuck in a vat of gelatin . 
 `` i know it is , but i do n't know if i can shut him out . 
 how do i do that ? '' 
 i ask , glancing up at her . 
 i feel so lost , so alone . 
 i bury my face in my hands and breathe . 
 `` it 's a job , avery . 
 keep things that way . 
 let him lead and do n't kiss him , do n't give the chance for anything else . 
 the guy has got to have some fetish shit going on . 
 drag it out of him and do it . 
 that 'll shatter your prince charming version of him real fast . '' 
 she pats my knee again , and then grabs my hands and pulls me up . 
 `` you need some fun . '' 
 i start to protest , but she waves me off . 
 `` no , i know you got ta get ready , but you 'll like this fun . 
 come on . '' 
 mel drags me down the hallway and stops in front of my door . 
 she grins at me with mischief her eyes . 
 mel presses her fingers to her lips , telling me to be quiet . 
 then she turns the knob and kicks open the door . 
 the door makes a loud thud . 
 naked guy is standing at the counter . 
 he jumps a mile . 
 i ca n't believe he 's still here . 
 i look around for amber . 
 the light in the bathroom is on and the shower is running . 
 mel walks in , sashaying her h * ps and making a beeline for nak * d dude . 
 i follow her in and watch , leaving the door open behind me . 
 `` hey , ladies , '' he grins at us , `` is it time for a threesome ? 
 i got my - '' the smile falls off his face . 
 concern flashes in his eyes when he sees mel coming for him . 
 `` i want you to take your skinny ass out of this room and never come back . '' 
 as she walks , mel passes the turkey carcass and takes the carving knife . 
 mel flips it in her hand like she 's a ninja . 
 my mouth falls open . 
 so does nak * d guy 's . 
 he lifts his palms , `` ladies , please . 
 i can do you both separately . 
 that 's not a problem . '' 
 his normal bravado is gone . 
 his voice sounds like it 's stuck in his throat . 
 mel flips the knife . 
 it turns handle over blade several times and then she catches it in her hand . 
 `` sure , pasty . 
 let 's do it . 
 i 've got a bit of a pain fetish though , so let 's just say that this wo n't be pleasant-for you . '' 
 mel smiles at him . 
 naked guy does n't speak . 
 he glances across the room . 
 his clothes are at the foot of amber 's bed . 
 he smiles at mel like he 's going to say yes , then turns on his heel and runs . 
 naked guy nearly knocks me over , muttering crazy bitches under his breath and tears down the hallway . 
 laughter follows in his wake . 
 mel grins at me , and stabs the knife into the cutting board . 
 a few seconds later , we see nak * d guy running across the quad , out the window . 
 i laugh . 
 apparently his exhibitionism was only for a lucky few ladies , because he 's screaming like a lunatic as he runs for the bookstore . 
 i wonder if he plans on buying new clothes or hiding in the stacks . 
 `` you knife juggling nut , '' i say to mel , laughing . 
 `` nobody plays wussy games like darts , not where i 'm from . '' 
 she laughs and looks out the window . 
 `` did you see his face ? '' 
 i did . 
 smiling , i joke , `` i think amber lost her fuck-buddy . '' 
 as if summonsed , amber appears in the bathroom doorway . 
 her hair is wrapped in a towel and she 's wearing a ratty old robe . 
 she rolls her eyes when she sees us . 
 `` get out of here , bitch , '' she says to mel , which was a mistake . 
 no one says that to mel . 
 mel walks over to her and growls in her face , `` what 'd you call me , you little piece of - '' i tug amber 's arm . 
 she does n't move . 
 i hiss in her ear , `` that was like the worst thing you could have called mel . 
 all those rumors about her growing up in the hood are true and you just pissed her off . 
 you might want to run before she rips your face off . '' 
 amber comes to life . 
 she frantically mutters things that make no sense and finally says , `` i have to go . '' 
 she races out the door in her robe and does n't come back . 
 i hug mel and say , `` i owe you one . 
 thank you . '' 
 she nods . 
 `` what are friends for if they ca n't chase off hoes and guys with little winkies ? '' 
 we both laugh . 
 mel turns to leave and says , `` get dressed in peace . 
 i 'll check in with you in the morning . 
 we can have pancakes . 
 i 'm running a syrup deficit . '' 
 i watch her walk away . 
 confidence lines her shoulders , even though her life has sucked . 
 it 's made her stronger and she 's better for it . 
 i 'm done moping . 
 i 'm not letting my past consume me . 
 i do n't care what it takes , i 'll survive because i want to-on my own terms . 
 fuck everything else . 
 i deserve a happy life . 
 chapter 9 after i 'm all decked out for work , i feel strange . 
 it 's like part of me wants to turn cold so i can endure this fate . 
 the other part of me whispers in the back of my mind , telling me that things can still be warm and safe . 
 i need to smack her over the head with a frying pan . 
 that little voice in the back of my head is going to ruin me . 
 she never stops hoping , even when there 's nothing left to hope for . 
 i gag that fragment of my brain and lock her away with my pride . 
 tonight is about getting to tomorrow . 
 it 's about surviving and that 's it . 
 nothing else matters . 
 my dress swishes against my bare thighs as i take the stairs two at a time . 
 my chucks are on my feet in case i have issues with my car . 
 there are always issues with my car . 
 if i really take more clients , like mel encouraged me to do , i can replace the misfit car with something that actually runs . 
 i 'd like that . 
 but maybe not . 
 this car is one of the only connections i have to my father . 
 i worked on it with him , taping it up when it dumped oil all over the drive way . 
 it 's always been a bad car , but maybe i 'll keep it anyway . 
 as i round the corner , i run into amber . 
 she 's sitting on the stairs with her face in her hands , all hunched over . 
 i came this way to avoid people . 
 as it is , i got three cat calls walking down the hallway and one was from a girl . 
 i pause . 
 there 's nothing i 'd like more than to kick amber and run down the stairs laughing , but i do n't . 
 i sigh dramatically and sit next to her , ignoring the dirty floor and my insanely expensive dress . 
 `` hey , bitch , '' i say teasingly . 
 `` why are you hiding in the stairwell ? '' 
 amber lifts her face . 
 it 's covered in a sheen of tears and snot . 
 gross . 
 i hand her a tissue . 
 she takes it and looks at me like i 'm insane . 
 `` are you here to gloat ? '' 
 `` no , i came this way so no one would see me spray start my car . 
 it 's parked at the end of the building in that dark lot . 
 as soon as i put the hood up , guys flock over like i 'm too stupid to start my own car . '' 
 she snorts , `` yeah , well ... '' i can tell she has something nasty on her tongue , but amber swallows it and looks sheepish . 
 `` you have more guts than me . 
 i 've put my hood up , if you know what i mean , just to get a guy to talk to me . '' 
 `` yeah , i realize that . 
 you 're a prickly bitch when you want to be , but it 's like you 're bipolar or something because there 's a sassy smart mouth in there too . 
 i 'm guessing she lost that battle of the alter egos . '' 
 amber holds onto her knees and dabs her face with the tissue . 
 `` yeah , something like that . 
 it 's easier to get guys to like me when i act like that . '' 
 `` you know they do n't really know you , right ? 
 i mean , if that 's not really you . 
 at this point , i 'm not really sure who you are . '' 
 `` me neither , '' amber says . 
 turning her head toward me , she looks at me and finally sees me . 
 `` what are you wearing ? '' 
 i shrug , suddenly feeling nervous . 
 `` nothing . 
 i have a date and ca n't wear heels driving my car . 
 it stalls a lot . '' 
 `` i heard you chased down some dick who stole that car out from under you . '' 
 there 's an expression on her face that i have n't seen before-respect . 
 `` i did . 
 several times . '' 
 wonderful , my legacy is the crazy chick who chases a car that 's well past its expiration date . 
 `` i wish i had guts like that . 
 it 's like you do n't care what people think of you . '' 
 there 's a far off look in her eye , like she ca n't fathom being that way . 
 i do n't know how to answer her . 
 my life is a mess . 
 i stand and say , `` the room 's empty if you want it . 
 i wo n't be back tonight . '' 
 i start to walk down the stairs . 
 amber calls after me . 
 `` where 's your crazy friend ? '' 
 `` out , '' i call back , and then i 'm out of sight . 
 i do n't understand that girl . 
 awh , hell , i do n't understand anything . 
 i should really stop trying . 
 i spend half my life trying to get a grip on things , but they just slip through my fingers in the end . 
 i 'm lucky i know my ass from my elbow . 
 there 's no clear cut answer for anything anymore . 
 the air is crisp and cold . 
 my breath makes little white clouds the moment i walk outside . 
 i tug my ratty sweater over my head , carefully not to mess up my hair . 
 i think about the way i felt earlier today , the way sean called me on torturing myself with the weather . 
 maybe i should stop doing that . 
 i do n't know . 
 it 's one of the few comforts i have . 
 how f ** ked up is that ? 
 freezing myself is comforting . 
 damn , i need a shrink . 
 i spray the can of ether and slam the hood shut . 
 jumping in , i start the car . 
 it warbles to life sounding like a spastic birdsong . 
 i rev the engine and back out . 
 the car does n't stall once on my way to miss black 's . 
 tonight might not suck so much after all . 
 holy hell , was i wrong . 
 chapter 10 i strip and weigh in , again . 
 it seems redundant since i was here last night , but since sean let me leave for the middle of the day , miss black does everything again . 
 i 'm wearing the same dress as yesterday . 
 i did n't have anything else . 
 miss black holds it out and shakes her head . 
 `` this is a major infraction . '' 
 she takes the dress and tosses it onto her chair . 
 it sits behind her desk getting wrinkled . 
 i 'm standing in front of her in my freshly laundered lingerie from the other night . 
 she 's not happy about that either . 
 `` i have n't been paid , yet . 
 i took this job because i 'm broke . 
 this is all i have . '' 
 `` yes , well . 
 be glad that we have some wardrobe for photo shoots . '' 
 she plucks something from her closet . 
 `` put this on . '' 
 it 's a tiny black piece of fabric that looks way too small to be a dress . 
 i eye it and do what she says . 
 as i 'm wiggling into the dress , black takes a box from the bottom drawer of her desk and unlocks it . 
 she removes cash and the book i saw the first night that i was here with mel . 
 i barely have the dress on when she says , `` leave it . 
 it 's supposed to sit high on the thigh , but this - '' she tugs the neckline , straightening it . 
 the dress is form fitting . 
 i feel like a sausage shoved into a balloon . 
 there 's no way i look hot , but i do n't comment . 
 the black dress clings to me . 
 there 's a keyhole opening that reveals my cl ** vage . 
 the skirt hugs my h * ps tightly and barely covers my panties . 
 `` there , that 's better . 
 now turn . '' 
 i do as she says . 
 miss black grabs my shoulders and i stop . 
 i feel her gaze on my back . 
 she thrusts her hand forward . 
 `` give them to me . 
 you ca n't wear that kind of panty with this dress . 
 panty lines are ungodly . '' 
 i freeze . 
 i am not going commando in this tiny skirt . 
 `` i do n't think - '' i start to say , but she cuts me off . 
 snapping her fingers , miss black huffs , `` no one cares that you were prude , avery . 
 hand over the panties so we can get on with things . '' 
 reluctantly , i shimmy them down and fork them over . 
 i tug at the hem of the dress , but miss black slaps my hands away . 
 `` leave it . 
 oh , and before i forget , here 's an advance on your paycheck . 
 spend it wisely . '' 
 she hands me several large bills . 
 i reach for the money and stuff it in my purse . 
 miss black continues , `` you can pick up your clothes tomorrow when you check in . 
 one more thing before you leave . 
 here is your next client . '' 
 she turns the big book toward me and points to a page . 
 `` i need you to update your preferences sheet and sign . '' 
 i glance at the papers . 
 the man is a little older , but still attractive . 
 he 's not sean . 
 with every fiber of my being , i do n't want to do this , but i have no choice . 
 i lift the pen and sign the contract . 
 there . 
 done . 
 i start to walk away . 
 miss black stops me , `` avery , your preference sheet ? '' 
 she pushes it toward me and sits down behind her desk . 
 i look back at the paper . 
 `` i do n't care . 
 whatever he wants . '' 
 black looks at me like i do n't understand what i 've said . 
 `` avery , dear , i think you 'll - '' `` i do n't care , '' i say more poignantly this time . 
 `` whatever he wants . 
 it 's all the same to me . '' 
 black smiles like she won the lottery . 
 `` i 'm pleased to hear it . 
 you 'll fetch a higher price with that attitude . '' 
 i smile back at her like i 'm excited , but i 'm not . 
 i leave the building and duck into the limo waiting at the curb . 
 i slip back into my seat and slouch . 
 i pick at my nails for a moment and then stop so that i wo n't ruin the polish . 
 how quickly things change . 
 a few nights ago i was so nervous that i nearly puked . 
 now , i just want to go and get it over with . 
 staring out the window , i remind myself that this is n't real . 
 it does n't matter what sean says or does , this is n't love . 
 chapter 11 i hate how short my dress is , but i walk with confidence the way miss black told me to and step into the elevator . 
 when i emerge , the hotel restaurant is in front of me . 
 i pass the hostess at the podium and wave at her , like i 'm here every day . 
 lately , i 've been here too much . 
 she nods and i walk into the restaurant , past poshly decorated tables to find sean seated in the same location in the back . 
 he has that look on his face , and the same dark intensity lurks behind his eyes that was there the first night . 
 lifting his gaze , sean runs his eyes over me , taking in every curve . 
 his lips do n't move . 
 there 's no expression on his face . 
 i do n't sit . 
 instead , i stand there , waiting for him to say something . 
 sean 's cold again . 
 this feels like a business transaction and nothing more . 
 now i understand why he does it . 
 it 's because he has to . 
 there 's no way to be both warm and contained at the same time . 
 sean lifts his steely gaze . 
 i step forward and press my finger to the monogram on his plate . 
 his eyes lock with mine . 
 my heart tries to race faster when he looks at me , but i forbid it . 
 i can be cold , too . 
 i shut everyone else out . 
 what 's one more person ? 
 i 'm not sure why i let him into my messed up life in the first place . 
 sean arches a brow at me , but my meaning is clear . 
 whatever happened this morning is gone . 
 things are back to the status quo now . 
 sean nods and extends his arm , waving me to sit . 
 `` avery , '' he says my name like we 're strangers . 
 my stomach feels like i ate a window-wood , glass , and all-and churns uncomfortably . 
 the waiter appears from nowhere when i take my seat . 
 he pulls back the chair for me and i sit down . 
 sean orders wine and the waiter disappears . 
 `` nice dress , '' he says , carelessly . 
 `` nice tie , '' i say , leaning to the side , like i do n't care . 
 sean looks stunning . 
 he 's wearing a black suit with a black shirt . 
 his silk tie is midnight blue which makes his eyes look bluer than i would have thought possible . 
 sean smirks . 
 `` i would n't have thought you 'd wear something like that . '' 
 sean is mirroring me . 
 i pretend not to notice . 
 i sit up and tilt my head , making my hair fall over my shoulder . 
 `` yeah , well , it turns out that i do . '' 
 i lean closer to him and give him a lazy smile . 
 `` before i left , black stripped me and stole my panties , so half the work 's done for you . '' 
 i wink and sit back . 
 sean is still leaning forward . 
 his cool facade cracks a little . 
 `` you 're not wearing panties under that ? '' 
 i shake my head slowly and smile at him . 
 it seems to do something to him , but he tries to hide it . 
 sean 's voice sounds a little too breathy when he speaks . 
 `` well then , it 's only fair to tell you that ... '' he leans closer . 
 i lean in to hear him whisper , taking a sip of wine as he speaks . 
 `` i 'm not wearing any panties either . '' 
 i try so hard not to react to him , but i ca n't help it . 
 i snort laugh and choke on the wine . 
 it 's so embarrassing . 
 i keep coughing and i ca n't stop . 
 sean smiles at first and then looks concerned . 
 he moves his chair closer to me , leaning in and placing his hand on my back . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i punch his arm and he sits back and smiles . 
 everyone is looking at us . 
 `` you 're such an ass , '' i hiss . 
 sean scoots back to his place . 
 the grin on his face lights him up . 
 i ca n't picture him looking more perfect than he does right now . 
 `` you started it , miss smith . 
 i suggest you only step up to the net if you intend to play hard . '' 
 `` tennis euphemisms ? 
 really ? 
 nothing says highbrow like tennis , '' i lift the glass and make snobby face . 
 i suck at not letting him affect me . 
 within minutes of arriving , sean cracked my shell and is pulling me out , but i ca n't have it . 
 `` well , the balls are the right size ... '' he opens his hands like he 's explaining something that would be rational . 
 i laugh . 
 i ca n't help it . 
 `` not for you , they 're not . '' 
 `` flattery will not get you anywhere , miss smith . '' 
 `` i already have a free pass into your panties after dinner , mr. jones . 
 i expect my flattery to get me everywhere and then some . '' 
 i sip my wine again with a smug look on my face . 
 sean 's expression shifts from neutral to that lazy sultry look that 's so damn hot . 
 `` where exactly is the and then some . 
 it sounds titillating . '' 
 he strokes his chin , drawing my eye to his lips as he does it . 
 `` check my preference sheet . 
 it 's recently been updated . '' 
 sean 's smirk falters , but he puts it back . 
 the movement is so fast that i 'm not sure i saw it . 
 maybe i just hope that i did . 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 i nod and tap my finger nail once against my wine glass . 
 `` you can titillate anything you want . 
 no restrictions . 
 no hang ups . '' 
 sean just stares at me . 
 after a moment , he asks , `` why the change in pace ? '' 
 i avert my gaze and trace my finger around the curve of the glass . 
 `` why not ? 
 i mean , that is if you 're willing to . 
 unless , you 're only into fake relationship kind of sex ... '' sean stares at my lips like he wants to devour them . 
 he does n't speak . 
 `` oh , come on , '' i say , leaning closer to him . 
 i take his tie between my fingers and feel the silky fabric with my thumb . 
 sean looks at my hand and slowly returns his gaze to my face . 
 `` you 've got to have some fetish or kinky desire , something that you need . '' 
 i say the last word slowly , wrapping my lips around the syllables . 
 sean sits perfectly still , like he 's under a spell . 
 it breaks when the waiter comes back and puts our food down on the table . 
 sean lifts his fork . 
 he does n't talk about my offer . 
 instead , he points at me with a fork and says , `` eat . '' 
 dinner progresses in silence . 
 i do n't like eating with him . 
 it feels too informal , too personal . 
 he knows what food i like . 
 the meal on my plate was n't listed on the menu . 
 it 's a salty sweet lover 's paradise with sweet sundried cranberries , sprinkles of feta cheese , and pork so savory that it melts in my mouth . 
 there 's some kind of sweet glaze over the meat . 
 i could die . 
 it 's perfectly delicious . 
 i chew slowly , wishing that sean 's thoughtfulness did n't appeal to me , but it does . 
 after dinner , sean stands and takes my hand , pulling me up . 
 with my heels on , i can look directly into his eyes . 
 they captivate me and swallow me whole . 
 the floor of my stomach falls away . 
 i suck at this . 
 i do n't know how i 'm supposed to do this and not be affected by him . 
 sean tells the waiter to send up the desserts in an hour or so . 
 he takes my hand and leads me to the elevators . 
 someone tries to come in with us , but sean says , `` sorry , better catch the next one . '' 
 he holds up his hand until the doors close a second later . 
 we 're alone . 
 i glance at him like he 's lost his mind . 
 sean grins wickedly and reaches past me . 
 he pulls the stop button and the elevator goes dark . 
 sean presses into me and my back slams into the wall . 
 sean 's hands run over my sides as he leans in , pinning me in place . 
 my breath catches in my throat . 
 the darkness in the tiny room chokes me . 
 panic slide up my throat . 
 sean whispers in my ear , `` i 'm sorry , but you seriously think you can tell me that you 're wearing nothing beneath this skimpy little dress and not make me hard the instant you say it ? 
 feel me , avery . 
 that 's what you do to me . '' 
 sean tilts his h * ps and presses into my leg . 
 i feel his hard length press against me from under the constraints of his slacks . 
 i 'm breathing harder and faster than usual . 
 i hate elevators . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 the first time sean stopped it , we started moving again two seconds later , but this terrifies me . 
 beads of sweat form on my face . 
 i suck in a jagged breath , trying not to scream . 
 sean has me pressed against the wall , which makes it worse . 
 i ca n't see him . 
 i ca n't move . 
 voice shaking , i plead , `` stop . '' 
 sean drops my hands and before i know it , my palms are against his chest and i 'm pushing him away . 
 sean steps back . 
 i feel a vacuum of cold air fill his place . 
 he must push the button back in , because the lights flicker on and we start moving again . 
 nervously , i tuck my hair behind my ear . 
 i wish i could shrink into the corner and disappear . 
 my heart is still pounding like i 'm going to die . 
 elevators are like big caskets . 
 when they stop , it feels like there 's no air . 
 my heart nearly exploded . 
 it 's not sexy , it 's terrifying . 
 and then sean pinned me . 
 i gasp , thinking that i 'm going to be sick . 
 sean gazes at me with a strange look on his face . 
 desire still swims in his eyes . 
 his affection for me does n't diminish , the way i thought it would . 
 after watching me for a second , sean says , `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't realize you are claustrophobic . '' 
 his eyes are burning a hole in my face , demanding that i meet his gaze . 
 when i look up , i ca n't breathe . 
 sean is so intense , so attractive . 
 he lures me in and i never had a chance . 
 `` i 'm not , '' i lie . 
 no one 's realized this about me . 
 i hate it that sean does . 
 i try to break the gaze , but i ca n't . 
 `` then what upset you ? '' 
 when i do n't answer he steps closer to me . 
 `` was it the way i touched you ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 i know where he 's going with this . 
 swallowing hard , i answer . 
 `` i just did n't expect it , that 's all . '' 
 sean nods and seems to accept that as my answer . 
 it is n't until later that i found out that he did n't accept it at all . 
 chapter 13 sean unlocks the door to the penthouse . 
 i follow him into the room . 
 my heart still beats too fast , too hard . 
 when sean throws his keys onto the hallway table , he follows me into the room . 
 taking my hand , he leads me to the center of the room . 
 sean closes the space between us and presses his body against mine . 
 he starts to sway slightly , like we 're dancing . 
 i wrap my arms around him and hold on loosely . 
 his hands slip over the back of my dress . 
 i feel his fingers cup my butt before finding the hem of the dress insanely close . 
 sean 's hands smooth over the outside of my dress and he looks at me . 
 i know he 's aroused . 
 i do n't have to feel his pants , i can see it in his eyes . 
 my heart thumps in my chest when he looks at me like that . 
 my entire body responds to him and prickles . 
 i want to feel his hands slip over my skin . 
 sean seems to read my mind . 
 without breaking eye contact , he slides his hands down my sides , feeling my little black dress . 
 when he reaches the hem , his hands move under the fabric . 
 he pulls me closer and slides his hands around back , feeling my bare ass . 
 he responds instantly . 
 i can feel his dick pressing into my belly . 
 the sensation warms me in a way that makes my insides pulse . 
 why do i react to him ? 
 ca n't i just let him f ** k me and not care ? 
 the thoughts vanish along with every other logical thing in my brain . 
 sean dips his head to my neck and finds the place that makes me weak . 
 he presses our bodies together , still swaying his h * ps gently against mine . 
 one hand is firmly holding my butt and squeezes hard while the other drifts around to the front . 
 he lowers his hand between us and dips his fingers between my legs . 
 the response is instant . 
 i moan and fall into him . 
 i ca n't stand when he does that to me , but sean makes me remain where i am . 
 `` i expect you to stand here and do what i say , '' his voice is deep , commanding . 
 it makes me want to obey him . 
 i shiver , wondering what he 's going to ask . 
 `` pull up your skirt . '' 
 i inch the fabric up until he tells me to stop . 
 my bottom is revealed in all its nak * d glory . 
 sean 's eyes darken and fill with a carnal gaze that makes me too hot . 
 `` legs apart . '' 
 i shift my feet . 
 `` more . '' 
 i move again and now they are shoulder 's width apart . 
 sean kneels in front of me . 
 he presses his face against the v in my legs , breathing in deeply . 
 he stares at my p ** sy for a moment , like he 's trying to control himself , but he fails . 
 sean dips his head and licks the seam of my lower lips . 
 i nearly jump . 
 `` stay still , smith , '' he scolds me . 
 to make sure i do n't move this time , sean holds onto my hips . 
 when he lowers his head and licks me , every inch of my body flares to life . 
 i gasp as his tongue strokes my sensitive folds . 
 a spark ignites somewhere in my core and i want more . 
 i need more . 
 i hate how he does this to me , but i let him . 
 sean detected the parts of me that respond the most . 
 that spot on my neck , i did n't even know it was there . 
 it 's nearly all the way around on my back , but sean found it . 
 one kiss there makes me so weak and so turned on . 
 it 's hard to not want sex when he kisses me there . 
 and now , this sexy man is on his knees at my feet doing the most divine things to me . 
 i can barely stand . 
 one more sweep of his tongue and my knees buckle . 
 sean stands and takes me over to the bed . 
 that 's when things change . 
 he removes his belt and binds my wrists together . 
 he explains what he 's doing , what he needs . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i did n't call black to play house with someone . 
 i need something . 
 i want this . '' 
 his breaths are jagged . 
 my heart races faster . 
 i let him tie my hands before i realize what he 's saying . 
 looking in my eyes , he asks , `` tell me no now if you ca n't do this . '' 
 `` i do n't know what you 're doing , '' i confess , feeling afraid and stupid . 
 my heart slaps against my ribs so fast that i think i 'm going to stroke out . 
 sean 's eyes are so dark . 
 whatever he held back the last few times he was with me is coming forward . 
 `` i want to tie you down and have my way with you . 
 i want you at my mercy . 
 i want you to fight back . '' 
 i look into his eyes . 
 i do n't understand . 
 `` you want to rape me ? '' 
 that ca n't be what he means , but after i say it , i see the look on his face . 
 i know it 's what he wants . 
 my heart pounds harder , faster . 
 `` sean - '' `` say no or yes . 
 nothing else . 
 you asked what i wanted . 
 this is what i want . '' 
 his eyes penetrate me . 
 there 's a desperation in them . 
 it tells me that he 's barely in control of himself . 
 i nod slowly . 
 tension lines sean 's neck . 
 his hands tighten into fists . 
 `` say it . 
 i have to hear you say yes . 
 i do n't want to hurt you , but i might . 
 sex is power . 
 i need to feel that right now . 
 avery , '' he breathes my name like he ca n't imagine taking another breath if i say no , `` tell me what you want . '' 
 sex is power . 
 he needs to feel like he has some control over his life . 
 i look down at my hands knowing how this is going to make me feel . 
 i hate being pinned down . 
 if he ties me up , i 'll scream , but that 's what he wants-complete power over another person . 
 he 's so f ** ked up . 
 and so am i , because i say , `` yes . '' 
 i do n't have to say the word twice . 
 sean grabs me and throws me down on the bed . 
 i try to roll away , but ca n't . 
 sean stretches my tethered hands above my head , straddling me as he moves across my body . 
 fear pulses through me . 
 i ca n't move . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 he reaches over the side of the bed and grabs something-a rope-and ties my hands down . 
 i know he ca n't stop and i do n't want to make him , but i 'm scared . 
 i do n't know why . 
 he 's made love to me several times . 
 this is not love . 
 it was never love . 
 i twist and kick out at him . 
 sean grabs each foot and ties them to each bed post so that my legs are splayed . 
 i 'm face down with my butt hanging over the side of the bed . 
 sean moves slowly toward me . 
 i want to tell him to stop . 
 i want him to stop and say he loves me . 
 i want something besides this , but this is what i offered . 
 sean 's hands tug up the dress , revealing my nak * d bottom . 
 without warning , sean thrusts into me . 
 i cry out , not ready for it . 
 i ca n't move . 
 i ca n't do anything . 
 sean pushes in hard at first , gripping my h * ps and pushing frantically . 
 after a few minutes , maybe more , he slows down . 
 i 'm not wet enough . 
 what he does hurts . 
 i whimper even though i try not to make a sound . 
 sean stills . 
 it does n't feel good . 
 having him inside me does n't feel like anything . 
 he pulls out slowly . 
 i want to scream . 
 this is what it 's going to feel like with the other clients . 
 i press my eyes closed , waiting to feel sean pushing into me again , but i do n't . 
 opening my eyes , i look for him , but ca n't see him . 
 i hear his jagged breathing somewhere behind me . 
 a tear escapes from my eye and rolls down my cheek . 
 i feel his eyes on my face . 
 i know he sees it . 
 my stomach clenches tight . 
 i close my eyes willing my tears away . 
 no more fall . 
 no more will come . 
 it does n't matter what he does to me . 
 but sean does n't touch me again . 
 i hear him sit down hard behind me . 
 i struggle with the ties , hoping to free myself , but i ca n't . 
 before i realize what 's happening , sean 's there and he unties me . 
 i watch his face as he unties his belt from my wrists . 
 he wo n't look at me . 
 i stand and rub my wrists and fix my dress . 
 my heart is pounding . 
 `` you did n't have to stop . '' 
 `` it felt wrong , '' is his only reply . 
 sean sits in a chair and hides his face from me . 
 the way he leans forward , placing his elbows on his knees and resting his forehead on his hands makes it impossible to see him . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i know i should n't ask that question , but i do . 
 sean looks up at me with such sorrow in his eyes . 
 he does n't answer me . 
 instead he tells me more things that i do n't want to hear . 
 `` before , when we were in that elevator , when you made that noise-i knew you were afraid . 
 i sensed it . 
 it turned me on faster than anything else . 
 you know why i do n't want to do this right now ? 
 because it 's not enough , it 's not pushing you all the way into your darkest fears . 
 tiny space with no light terrifies you . 
 all i can think about is f ** king you in there , making you so frightened that you scream while i fill you with come . '' 
 sean 's breathing hard , like the idea is too appealing to resist . 
 my heart beats harder , faster . 
 `` i was like you , once . 
 i felt things by touching and tasting , but not now . 
 i can do those things , but i crave the other so much more . 
 we 're a bad match , avery . 
 i 'll break what 's left of you . 
 there 's very little holding you together . 
 i do n't want to be the guy that turns you into this . '' 
 he presses his fingers to his chest . 
 i 'm stunned . 
 i do n't know what to say . 
 sean is messed up beyond belief . 
 fear surges through me . 
 i want to run , but i need to stay . 
 `` so , you need to hurt me to get off ? '' 
 sean shakes his head after a moment . 
 `` no . 
 i need to feel your heart racing and feel you trembling . 
 it 's the fear . 
 i need your fear . '' 
 sean does n't look at me . 
 his confession weighs on his shoulders like he ca n't stand . 
 i do n't know what to think of him or his needs . 
 i ca n't fathom his life or this . 
 the only thing i can think to say is the thought that keeps popping up in my mind . 
 `` but i 'm afraid of you anyway . '' 
 sean 's eyes cut to mine . 
 i feel the world shift . 
 the words that i 'm never supposed to say come pouring out of my mouth in a flood too fast to stop . 
 `` it does n't matter what you do or what you say , i 'm desperately afraid of you , sean . 
 everything about you seems to bring me back to life . 
 you 're voice , your words , your face ... i ca n't think when you 're there and when you 're gone , it 's worse . 
 `` when i saw you this morning , i was torn apart . 
 i 'd found your note , the one in your pocket . 
 i thought you were cheating , that you had a wife and a baby . 
 when you showed me her grave , i almost wished you were cheating . 
 i could have walked away from that , but not from this . 
 and that 's what frightens me more than a dark elevator or a tiny closet . '' 
 i hold my breath and try to stop the flow of words , but they do n't stop . 
 i step toward him , almost afraid to touch him . 
 the moment feels so brittle , like it could snap . 
 `` you evoke things in me that i 've never felt , that i never thought i 'd feel . 
 and that 's just it-i feel around you , and it 's amazing . 
 i 've been numb for so long , wishing that i could seal off the pain that 's seeping into my soul . 
 then you came along and i fell for you . 
 i love you , sean . 
 i ca n't help it . 
 and it terrifies me . '' 
 wide-eyed with a pounding pulse , i watch him react to my words . 
 sean 's eyes lock with mine , but he says nothing . 
 he just looks at me . 
 it 's the worst thing he could have possibly done . 
 a moment later , he turns and pinches the bridge of his nose . 
 sean does n't look at me when he says it . 
 `` i 'm going to tell black to send me a different girl . 
 you can go . '' 
 his words feel like a knife to my gut . 
 i stare at him with a million thoughts racing through my mind . 
 he does n't love me . 
 the thought beats me down into a bloody pulp . 
 i ca n't stand to look at him . 
 saying nothing , i cross the room and grab my purse . 
 i take the stack of bills that miss black gave me . 
 i do n't think about it . 
 i just act on my feelings . 
 this whole f ** king charade can stop . 
 i do n't want his money . 
 i do n't want him . 
 i want every trace of his existence scrubbed clean from my life . 
 anger builds inside of me . 
 i need this money , but i need my sanity more . 
 i fling the stack of bills across the room . 
 the money flutters through the room like a gust of oversized snowflakes . 
 before sean looks up , i 'm gone . 
 my eyes sting horribly , but i wo n't cry . 
 i take the elevator to the lobby . 
 he does n't come after me , chasing me like this is a movie . 
 no , sean is calling black now , telling her that he wants someone else . 
 i leave the hotel grounds , not concerned about my bracelet . 
 nothing can protect me from this . 
 i obliterated what was left of my heart . 
 i feel it dying inside my chest . 
 i stand at the curb for a second , too hurt to think . 
 the limo is n't here . 
 i 'm freezing in this tiny little dress with no coat . 
 i know that feeling , but now instead of providing comfort , it makes me feel sick . 
 i walk , not going anywhere in particular . 
 i pass people on the sidewalks and wish that i was someone else . 
 i have nothing . 
 no one . 
 i spilled my heart , telling sean exactly how i felt and he returned me . 
 my cell rings a moment later . 
 it 's black . 
 i do n't answer . 
 i walk on , going nowhere , thinking nothing . 
 the frigid air numbs my skin and i welcome it into my heart . 
 the numbness over takes me , and i hope that i never feel anything ever again . 
