 prologue `` just breathe , '' my mom would say . 
 `` ten tiny breaths ... seize them . 
 feel them . 
 love them . '' 
 every time i screamed and stomped my feet in anger , or bawled my eyes out in frustration , or turned green with anxiety , she 'd calmly recite those same words . 
 every single time . 
 exactly the same . 
 she should have tattooed the damn mantra to her forehead . 
 `` that makes no sense ! '' 
 i 'd yell . 
 i never understood . 
 what the hell does a tiny breath do ? 
 why not a deep breath ? 
 why ten ? 
 why not three or five or twenty ? 
 i 'd scream and she 'd simply smile her little smile . 
 i did n't understand it then . 
 i do now . 
 stage one ~ comfortably numb chapter one a soft hiss ... my heart thumping in my ears . 
 i hear nothing else . 
 i 'm sure my mouth is moving , calling out their names ... mom ? 
 ... dad ? 
 ... but i ca n't hear my voice . 
 worse , i ca n't hear theirs . 
 i turn to my right to see jenny 's silhouette , but her limbs look awkward and unnatural and she 's pressed up against me . 
 the car door opposite her is closer than it 's supposed to be . 
 jenny ? 
 i 'm sure i say . 
 she does n't respond . 
 i turn to my left to see only black . 
 too dark to see billy , but i know he 's there because i can feel his hand . 
 it 's big and strong and it envelops my fingers . 
 but it 's not moving ... i try to squeeze it but i ca n't will my muscles to flex . 
 i ca n't do anything except turn my head and listen to my heart pound like an anvil against my chest for what feels like an eternity . 
 dim lights ... voices ... i see them . 
 i hear them . 
 they 're all around , closing in . 
 i open my mouth to scream , but i ca n't find the energy . 
 the voices get louder , the lights brighter . 
 a reedy gasp sets my hairs on end . 
 like a person struggling for their dying breath . 
 i hear a loud snap , snap , snap , like someone pulling stage light levers ; light suddenly pours in from all angles , illuminating the car with blinding power . 
 the smashed windshield . 
 the twisted metal . 
 dark smears . 
 liquid pools . 
 blood . 
 everywhere . 
 it all suddenly disappears and i 'm falling backward , crashing into cold water , sinking further into the darkness , picking up speed as the weight of an ocean swallows me whole . 
 i open my mouth to search for air . 
 a lungs worth of cold water greets me in a rush , filling me inside . 
 the pressure in my chest is unbearable . 
 it 's ready to explode . 
 i ca n't breathe ... i ca n't breathe . 
 tiny breaths , i hear my mom instruct , but i ca n't do it . 
 i ca n't get even one . 
 my body 's shaking ... shaking ... shaking ... `` wake up , dear . '' 
 my eyes fly open to find a faded headrest in front of me . 
 it takes me a moment to find my bearings , to calm my hammering heart . 
 `` you were gaspin ' for air somethin' fierce , '' the voice says . 
 i turn to find a lady stooped in the aisle , concern on her deeply wrinkled face , her twisted , old fingers on my shoulder . 
 my body curls into itself before i can stop the knee-jerk response to her touch . 
 she removes her hand with a gentle smile . 
 `` sorry , dear . 
 just thought you should be woken up . '' 
 swallowing , i manage to croak out , `` thank you . '' 
 she nods and shifts back to take her seat on the bus . 
 `` must have been some kind a nightmare . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i answer , my usual calm , vacant voice returning . 
 `` ca n't wait to wake up . '' 
 *** `` we 're here . '' 
 i give livie 's arm a gentle shake . 
 she grumbles and nuzzles her head against the window . 
 i do n't know how she can sleep like that , but she 's managed to , snoring softly for the past six hours . 
 a line of flaky , dry spit snakes down her chin . 
 super attractive . 
 `` livie , '' i call again with an impatient bite in my tone . 
 i need off this tin can . 
 now . 
 i get a clumsy wave and pouty `` do n't bug me , i 'm sleeping '' lip . 
 `` olivia cleary ! '' 
 i snap as passengers rustle through the overhead compartments and gather their belongings . 
 `` come on . 
 i 've got to get out of here before i lose my shit ! '' 
 i do n't mean to bark , but i ca n't help it . 
 i do n't do well in confined spaces . 
 after twenty-two hours on this damn bus , pulling the emergency hatch and jumping through the window sounds appealing . 
 my words finally sink in . 
 livie 's eyelids flutter open and half-dazed blue irises stare out at the miami bus terminal for a moment . 
 `` we made it ? '' 
 she asks through a yawn , sitting up to stretch and scope out the scenery . 
 `` oh , look ! 
 a palm tree ! '' 
 i 'm already standing in the aisle , readying our backpacks . 
 `` yay , palm trees ! 
 come on , let 's go . 
 unless you want to spend another day going back to michigan . '' 
 that idea gets her body moving . 
 by the time we step off the bus , the driver has unloaded the luggage from the undercarriage . 
 i quickly spot our matching hot pink suitcases . 
 our lives , all of our belongings , have been reduced to one suitcase each . 
 it 's all we managed to throw together in our rush out of uncle raymond and aunt darla 's house . 
 no matter , i tell myself as i throw an arm over my sister 's shoulders in a side hug . 
 we have each other . 
 that 's all that matters . 
 `` it 's hot as hell , '' livie exclaims at the same time that i sense a trickle of sweat run down my back . 
 it 's late morning and the sun already blazes down on us like a fireball in the sky . 
 so different from the autumn chill we left in grand rapids . 
 she pulls off her red hoody , earning a string of catcalls from a group of guys on skateboards , ignorant to the ` do not enter ' sign in that part of the covered parking lot . 
 `` picking up already , livie ? '' 
 i tease . 
 her cheeks explode with pink as she slinks over to hide behind a concrete pillar , out of view . 
 `` you do realize you 're not a chameleon , right ? 
 ... oh ! 
 the one in the red shirt is coming over here right now . '' 
 i stretch my neck expectantly toward the group . 
 livie 's eyes flash wide with terror for a second before she realizes i 'm only joking . 
 `` shut up , kacey ! '' 
 she hisses , smacking my shoulder . 
 livie ca n't handle being center stage to any guy . 
 the fact that she 's turned into a raven haired knock-out over the last year has n't helped her avoid that . 
 i smirk as i watch her fumble with her sweater . 
 she has no idea how striking she is , and i 'm okay with that if i 'm going to be her guardian . 
 `` stay clueless , livie . 
 my life will be so much easier if you 're oblivious for the next , say , five years . '' 
 she rolls her eyes . 
 `` okay , miss sports illustrated . '' 
 `` ha ! '' 
 in truth , some of the attention from those asshats probably is directed at me . 
 two years of intense kick-boxing has given me a rock-hard body . 
 that , topped with my deep auburn hair and watery blue eyes garners loads of unwanted attention . 
 livie is a fifteen year old version of me . 
 same light blue eyes , same slender nose , same pale irish skin . 
 there 's only one big difference , and that 's the color of our hair . 
 if you put towels over our hair , you 'd think we were twins . 
 she gets her shiny black color from our mother . 
 she 's also two inches taller than at me , even though i 'm five years older . 
 yup , to look at us , anyone with half a brain can tell we 're sisters . 
 but that 's where our similarities end . 
 livie 's an angel . 
 she tears up when children cry , she apologizes when someone bumps into her , she volunteers in soup kitchens and libraries . 
 she makes excuses for people when they do stupid things . 
 if she was old enough to drive , she 'd slam on the brakes for crickets . 
 i 'm ... i 'm not livie . 
 i might have been more like her before . 
 but not now . 
 where i 'm a looming thundercloud , she 's the sunshine breaking through . 
 `` kacey ! '' 
 i turn to find livie holding a taxi cab door wide open , her brows raised . 
 `` i hear dumpster diving for food is n't as fun as it 's cracked up to be . '' 
 she slams the cab door , her face twisting . 
 `` another bus it is . '' 
 she gives her suitcase an irritated tug over the curb . 
 `` really ? 
 five minutes in miami and you 're already starting with the attitude ? 
 do you want to eat garbage , livie ? 
 i 've got sweet f ** k all left in my wallet to get us past sunday . '' 
 i hold out my wallet for her to inspect . 
 she flushes . 
 `` sorry , kace . 
 you 're right . 
 i 'm just out of sorts . '' 
 i sigh and immediately feel bad for snapping . 
 livie does n't have an attitude-riddled bone in her body . 
 yeah , we bicker , but i 'm always to blame and i know it . 
 livie 's a good kid . 
 she 's always been a good kid . 
 straight-laced , even tempered . 
 mom and dad never had to tell her anything twice . 
 when they died and mom 's sister took us in , livie went out of her way to be an even better kid . 
 i went in the opposite direction . 
 hard . 
 `` come on , this way . '' 
 i link arms with her and squeeze her as i unfold the piece of paper with the address . 
 after a long and laborious conversation with the elderly man behind the glass partition-complete with a game of charades and a pencil diagram on a city map circling three transfers-we 're on a city bus and i hope we 're not heading toward alaska . 
 i 'm glad , because i 'm beat . 
 aside from my twenty minute catnap on the bus , i have n't slept in thirty-six hours . 
 i 'm tired and worried and i 'd much rather ride in silence , but livie 's fidgety hands in her lap kill that idea quickly . 
 `` what is it , livie ? '' 
 she hesitates , furrowing her brow . 
 `` livie ... '' `` do you think aunt darla called the cops ? '' 
 i reach down to squeeze her knee . 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 we 'll be fine . 
 they wo n't find us and if they do , the cops will hear what happened . '' 
 `` but he did n't do anything , kace . 
 he was probably too drunk to know which room was his . '' 
 i glare at her . 
 `` did n't do anything ? 
 did you forget about that disgusting old-man hard-on that pushed up against your thigh ? '' 
 livie 's mouth puckers like she 's about to vomit . 
 `` he did n't do anything , because you bolted out of there and came to my room . 
 do n't defend that ass ** le . '' 
 i 'd seen the looks uncle raymond gave a maturing livie over the last year . 
 sweet , innocent livie . 
 i 'd crush his nuts if he stepped foot inside my room and he knew that . 
 livie though ... `` well , i just hope they do n't come get us and bring us back . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` that 's not going to happen . 
 i 'm your guardian now , and i do n't care about stupid legal paperwork . 
 you 're not leaving my side . 
 besides , aunt darla hates miami , remember ? '' 
 hate is an understatement . 
 aunt darla is a born-again christian , who spends all of her free time praying and making sure everyone else is praying or knowing that they should be praying to avoid hell , syphilis , and unplanned pregnancy . 
 she 's certain that major cities are the breeding ground for all evil in the world . 
 to say she 's fanatical would be an understatement . 
 she wo n't come to miami unless jesus himself is holding a convention . 
 livie nods her head . 
 she lowers her voice to a whisper . 
 `` do you think uncle raymond figured out what happened ? 
 we could get in real trouble for that . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` do you care if he does ? '' 
 part of me wishes i ignored livie 's pleading and called the cops over uncle raymond 's little `` visit '' to her room . 
 but livie did n't want to deal with police reports and lawyers and children 's aid and we 'd certainly deal with the full gamut . 
 maybe even the local news . 
 neither of us wanted that . 
 we 'd had enough of that after the accident . 
 who knows what they 'd do with livie , since she 's a minor ? 
 probably stick her in foster care . 
 they would n't give her to me . 
 i 've been classified as `` unstable '' by too many professional reports to trust with someone 's life . 
 so livie and i struck a deal . 
 i would n't report him if she left with me . 
 last night turned out to be the perfect night to run . 
 aunt darla was away at an all-night religious retreat so i crushed three sleeping pills and dumped them into uncle raymond 's beer after dinner . 
 i ca n't believe the idiot took the glass i poured for him and handed to him so sweetly . 
 i have n't said ten words to him in the last two years , since i found out he lost our inheritance at a black jack table . 
 he did n't clue in to the deception though . 
 by seven o'clock , he was sprawled and snoring on the couch , giving us enough time to grab our suitcases , clean out his wallet and aunt darla 's secret money box under the sink , and catch the bus out that night . 
 maybe drugging him and stealing their money was a little excessive . 
 then again , maybe uncle raymond should n't have gone all creepy pedophile . 
 *** `` one-twenty-four , '' i read the numbers on the building out loud . 
 `` this is it . '' 
 this is real . 
 we stand side-by-side on the sidewalk outside of our new home-a three-story apartment building on jackson drive with white stucco walls and small windows . 
 it 's a neat-looking place with a beach house feel to it , though we 're half an hour from the beach . 
 if i inhale deeply , i can almost catch a whiff of sunscreen and seaweed . 
 livie runs a hand through her wild dark mane . 
 `` where 'd you find this place again ? '' 
 `` www.desperateforanapartment.com ? '' 
 i joke . 
 after livie stormed into my room in tears that night , i knew we needed out of grand rapids . 
 one internet search led to another and i was emailing the landlord , offering him six months ' of rent in cash . 
 two years of pouring over-priced starbucks coffee , gone . 
 and it 's worth every drop of coffee poured . 
 we climb the steps and walk up to a gated archway . 
 `` the picture with the ad looked great , '' i say as i grab and pull the gate handle to find that it 's locked . 
 `` good security . '' 
 `` here . '' 
 livie pushes on a cracked , round doorbell to the right . 
 it makes no sound and i 'm sure it 's broken . 
 i stifle back a yawn as we wait for someone to pass through . 
 three minutes later , my hands are cupped around my mouth and i 'm about to yell the landlord 's name when i hear shoes dragging across concrete . 
 a middle-aged man with rumpled clothes and a scruffy face appears . 
 his eyes are uneven , he 's mostly bald on top , and i swear one ear is bigger than the other . 
 he reminds me of sloth from that old eighties movie my father made us watch , goonies . 
 a classic , my dad used to say . 
 sloth scratches his protruding gut and says nothing . 
 i 'll bet he 's as intelligent as his movie twin . 
 `` hi , i 'm kacey cleary , '' i introduce myself . 
 `` we 're looking for mr. tanner . 
 we 're the new renters from michigan . '' 
 his shrewd gaze lingers on me for a while , sizing me up . 
 i silently praise myself for wearing jeans to cover the sizeable tattoo on my thigh in case he dare judge me on my appearance . 
 his focus then shifts to livie , where it rests too long for my liking . 
 `` you gals ' sisters ? '' 
 `` our matching suitcases give it away ? '' 
 i answer before i can stop myself . 
 get inside the gates before you let them know what a smart-ass you can be , kace . 
 luckily , sloth 's lips curve upward . 
 `` call me tanner . 
 this way . '' 
 livie and i share a shocked look . 
 sloth is our new landlord ? 
 with a loud clank and creak , he ushers us through the gate . 
 almost as an afterthought , he turns to me and extends his hand . 
 i freeze , staring at those meaty fingers , but not moving to take them . 
 how am i unprepared for this ? 
 livie deftly swoops in and grabs hold of it with a smile , and i ease back a few steps so there 's no illusion that i 'm having anything to do with this guy 's hand . 
 or anyone 's hand . 
 livie 's great at saving me . 
 if tanner notices the maneuver , he says nothing , leading us through a courtyard with mangy shrubs and dehydrated plants surrounding a rusted hibachi . 
 `` this here 's the commons . '' 
 he waves his hand dismissively . 
 `` if you wan na grill , sun tan , relax , whatever , this here 's the spot . '' 
 i take in the foot-high thistles and desiccated flowers along the borders and wonder how many people actually find this space relaxing . 
 it could be nice , if someone tended to it . 
 `` there must be a full moon or something , '' tanner mutters as we trail behind him toward a row of dark red doors . 
 each has a small window next to it and all three floors are identical . 
 `` oh , yeah ? 
 why 's that ? '' 
 `` you 're the second apartment i 've rented this past week through email . 
 same situation-desperate for a place , do n't wan na wait , will pay in cash . 
 strange . 
 i guess everyone 's got somethin' to run from . '' 
 well . 
 how about that ? 
 maybe tanner is smarter than his movie twin . 
 `` this one here just arrived this morning . '' 
 he thumbs a stubby finger at apartment 1d before leading us to the apartment next to it with a gold ' 1c ' sign on it . 
 his huge set of keys jangles as he searches for one in particular . 
 `` now , i 'll tell you what i tell all my tenants . 
 i 've only got one rule but it 's a deal breaker . 
 keep thy peace ! 
 do n't be throwin ' no wild parties with drugs and orgies - '' `` sorry , can you specify-what qualifies as an orgy in the state of florida ? 
 are threesomes okay ? 
 what if blow ups are involved , 'cause , you know ... '' i interject , earning a pause and a scowl from tanner and a sharp jab to the shoulder blade from livie . 
 after clearing his throat , he goes on as if i did n't speak . 
 `` no feuds , family or otherwise . 
 i do n't have patience for that crap and i 'll boot you out faster than you can lie to me . 
 understand ? '' 
 i nod and bite my tongue , fighting the urge to hum the family feud theme song as tanner pushes the door open . 
 `` cleaned and painted it myself . 
 it 's not new , but it should give you what you asked for . '' 
 the apartment 's small and meagerly furnished , with a green and white tiled kitchenette area lining the back . 
 the white walls only enhance the hideous puce and orange floral couch . 
 cheap forest green carpet and the faint scent of moth balls pulls together the 70 's white trash look nicely . 
 more importantly , it 's nothing like the picture in the ad . 
 surprise , surprise . 
 tanner scratches the back of his graying head . 
 `` not much to it , i know . 
 there are two bedrooms over there and a bathroom between them . 
 put in a new toilet last year so ... '' his lop-sided gaze shifts to me . 
 `` if that 's all ... '' he wants his money . 
 with a tight smile , i reach into the front pocket of my backpack and slide out a thick envelope . 
 livie ventures further into the apartment while i pay him . 
 tanner watches her go , biting his lip as if he wants to say something . 
 `` she seems a bit young to be out on her own . 
 do your parents know you two are here ? '' 
 `` our parents are dead . '' 
 it comes out as harsh as i intend and it does the trick . 
 mind your own damn business , tanner . 
 his face turns ashen . 
 `` oh , um , sorry to hear that . '' 
 we stand uncomfortably for all of three seconds . 
 i fold my hands under my armpits , making it clear that i have no intention of shaking any hands . 
 when he spins on his heels and heads out the door , i release a small sigh . 
 he ca n't wait to get away from me , either . 
 over his shoulder , he hollers , `` laundromat 's underground . 
 i clean it once a week and expect all tenants to help out with keeping it tidy . 
 i 'm in 3f if you need anything . '' 
 he disappears , leaving the key sitting in the lock . 
 i find livie investigating the medicine cabinet in a bathroom made for hobbits . 
 i try to step in but there is n't enough room for both of us . 
 `` new toilet . 
 old , repulsive shower , '' i mutter , my foot tracing the grungy , cracked tile floor . 
 `` i 'll take this room , '' livie offers , squeezing past me to head to the bedroom on the right . 
 it 's empty except for a dresser and a twin bed with a peach crocheted spread over it . 
 black bars line the single window that faces the exterior of the building . 
 `` you sure ? 
 it 's small . '' 
 i know without looking at the other room that this one is the smaller of the two . 
 that 's how livie is . 
 selfless . 
 `` yeah . 
 it 's okay . 
 i like small spaces . '' 
 she grins . 
 she 's trying to make the best of it , i can tell . 
 `` well , when we throw those all-night ragers , you wo n't be able to fit more than three guys in here at once . 
 you do realize that , right ? '' 
 livie tosses a pillow at me . 
 `` funny . '' 
 my bedroom is the same except it 's slightly bigger and has a double bed with an ugly-ass green knit blanket . 
 i sigh , my nose scrunching with disappointment . 
 `` sorry , livie . 
 this place looks nothing like the ad . 
 damn tanner and his false advertising . '' 
 i tilt my head . 
 `` i wonder if we can sue him . '' 
 livie snorts . 
 `` it 's not so bad , kace . '' 
 `` you say that now , but when we 're fighting roaches for our bread ... '' `` you ? 
 fighting ? 
 big shocker . '' 
 i laugh . 
 few things make me laugh anymore . 
 livie , trying to be sarcastic is one of them . 
 she tries to pull off airy and cool . 
 she ends up sounding like one of those radio announcers doing a dramatic rendition of a cheesy murder mystery . 
 `` this place sucks , livie . 
 admit it . 
 but we 're here and it 's all we can afford right now . 
 miami 's freakin ' expensive . '' 
 her hand slides into mine and i squeeze it . 
 it 's the only one i can handle touching . 
 it 's the only one that does n't feel dead . 
 sometimes i have a hard time letting it go . 
 `` it 's perfect , kace . 
 just a little small and mothbally and green , but we 're not that far from the beach ! 
 that 's really what we wanted , right ? '' 
 livie stretches her arms above her head and groans . 
 `` so , now what ? '' 
 `` well , for starters , let 's get you enrolled in the high school this afternoon so that big brain of yours does n't shrink , '' i say , popping open my suitcase to empty its contents . 
 `` after all , when you 're making a bazillion dollars and curing cancer , you 'll need to send money my way . '' 
 i rifle through my clothes . 
 `` i need to enroll at a gym . 
 then i 'll go see how much spam and creamed corn i can buy for an hour with my sweaty , hot body on the corner . '' 
 livie shakes her head . 
 sometimes she does n't appreciate my sense of humor . 
 sometimes i think she wonders if i 'm serious . 
 i stoop to yank the covers from my bed . 
 `` and i definitely need to bleach the shit out of this entire place . '' 
 *** the building 's laundromat beneath our apartment is nothing to write home about . 
 panels of fluorescent lights cast a harsh light over faded robin 's egg blue concrete floors . 
 a floral scent barely masks the musky odor lingering in the air . 
 the machines are at least fifteen years old , and they 'll probably do more damage than good to our clothes . 
 but there 's not a cob web or a piece of lint anywhere . 
 i shove all our sheets and blankets into two machines , cursing the world for making us sleep in secondhand bedding in the first place . 
 i 'm buying new bedding with my first pay check , i commit to myself . 
 dumping in a mixture of bleach and detergent , i set the water to its hottest setting , wishing it was labeled , `` boil the hell out of any living organism . '' 
 that would make me feel marginally better . 
 the machines need six quarters per load . 
 i hate paid laundry machines . 
 earlier , livie and i accosted strangers at the mall with our dimes and nickels , asking for a trade . 
 i have just enough in my stash , i realize , as i begin sliding them into their designated slots . 
 `` any free machines ? '' 
 a deep male voice calls out directly behind me , surprising me enough that i yelp and throw the last three quarters in the air . 
 luckily , i have cat-like reflexes and i catch two coins midair . 
 my eyeballs glue on to the last one as it hits the ground and rolls toward the washer . 
 dropping to my hands and knees , i dive for it . 
 but i 'm too slow . 
 `` dammit ! '' 
 the side of my face hits the cold pavement as i peer under the machine , searching for a glint of silver . 
 my fingers can just fit underneath ... `` i would n't do that if i were you . '' 
 `` oh , yeah ? '' 
 now i 'm pissed . 
 who sneaks up on a female in an underground laundromat , other than a psycho or a ra ** st ? 
 maybe he is one of the two . 
 maybe i 'm supposed to be quivering in my sandals right now . 
 i 'm not though . 
 i do n't scare easily and , frankly , i 'm too damn annoyed right now to be anything else . 
 let him try to attack me . 
 he 'll be in for the shock of a lifetime . 
 `` why is that ? '' 
 i force out between clenched teeth , trying to remain calm . 
 keep thy peace , tanner warned us . 
 no doubt he sensed something about me . 
 `` because we 're in a cool , damp underground laundromat in miami . 
 creepy eight-legged things and things that slither and crawl hide out in places like this . 
 i recoil as i fight the shiver from running through my body , envisioning my hand re-emerging from underneath with a quarter and a bonus snake . 
 few things freak me out . 
 beady eyeballs and a writhing body is one of them . 
 `` funny , i 've heard creepy two-legged things lurk in these places too . 
 they 're called creeps . 
 a plague , one might say . '' 
 leaning far over in my short black shorts , he 's got to be getting a nice view of my ass right about now . 
 go ahead , perv . 
 enjoy it 'cause that 's all you 're getting . 
 and if i sense so much as a brush against my skin , i 'll take you out at the knee caps . 
 he answers with a throaty laugh . 
 `` well played . 
 how about you get up off your knees ? '' 
 the hairs on my neck prickle with his words . 
 there 's something decidedly sexual in his tone . 
 i hear the sound of metal against metal as he adds , `` this creep has an extra quarter . '' 
 `` well , then , you 're my favorite kind of - '' i start to say , reaching for the top of the machine as i stand to meet this ass ** le face to face . 
 of course the open bottle of detergent is right there . 
 of course my hand knocks it clean off . 
 of course it splatters all over the machine and the floor . 
 `` dammit ! '' 
 i curse , dropping to my knees again as i watch the sticky green soap ooze everywhere . 
 `` tanner 's gon na evict me . '' 
 creep 's voice drops low . 
 `` what 's it worth to you for me to keep quiet ? '' 
 footsteps approach . 
 on instinct , i adjust my position so i can dislocate his joint with a kick and make him crumble in agony , just like i 'd learned in my sparring sessions . 
 my spine tingles as a white sheet sails down to cover the floor in front of me . 
 sucking in a breath , i wait patiently as creep passes my left side and crouches . 
 the air leaves my lungs in a swoosh , and i 'm left staring at a set of deep dimples and the bluest eyes i 've ever seen-cobalt rings with light blue on the inside . 
 i squint . 
 do they have turquoise flecks inside them ? 
 yes ! 
 my god ! 
 the blue floors , the rusty old machines , the walls , everything around me vanishes under the weight of his gaze as it strips me of my protective bitch coat , yanking it clean off my body , leaving me bare and vulnerable in seconds . 
 `` we can soak it up with this . 
 i needed detergent anyway , '' he murmurs with a boyish amused grin as he drags his sheet around to saturate the spilled liquid . 
 `` wait , you do n't have to ... '' my voice fades , the weakness in it making me nauseous . 
 suddenly i 'm feeling all kinds of wrong for labeling him creepy . 
 he ca n't be a creep . 
 he 's too beautiful and too nice . 
 i 'm the idiot throwing quarters all over the place and now he 's sopping up my detergent off this dirty floor with his sheets to help me ! 
 i ca n't seem to form words . 
 not while i 'm gawking at not creep 's ripped forearms , feeling heat ripple into my lower belly . 
 in a button down shirt with the sleeves rolled and the top buttons undone , he 's exposing the beginnings of a killer upper body to me . 
 `` see something that interests you ? '' 
 he asks , his taunt snapping my eyes back to his smirking face , blood rushing to my cheeks . 
 damn this guy . 
 he seems to flip flop from good samaritan to evil tempter with each new sentence out of his mouth . 
 worse , he caught me ogling his body . 
 me ! 
 ogling ! 
 i 'm around first-class bodies every day at the gym and they do n't faze me . 
 somehow , i 'm not immune to him . 
 `` i just moved in . 
 1d . 
 my name 's trent . '' 
 he looks up at me from under impossibly long lashes , his shaggy , golden brown hair framing his face beautifully . 
 `` kacey , '' i force out . 
 so , this guy is the new tenant ; our neighbor . 
 he lives on the other side of my living room wall ! 
 gah ! 
 `` kacey , '' he repeats . 
 i love the shape of his lips when he says my name . 
 my attention lingers there , staring at that mouth , at his set of perfectly straight , white teeth , until i feel my face explode with a third wave of heat . 
 dammit ! 
 kacey cleary blushes for no one ! 
 `` i 'd shake your hand , kacey , but - '' trent says with a teasing smile , holding up detergent covered palms . 
 there . 
 that does it . 
 the idea of touching those hands slaps me across the cheek , breaking whatever temporary haze this trent man has confused me with , pushing me back to reality . 
 i can think straight again . 
 with a deep inhale , i struggle to reactivate my shields , to form a barrier from this godlike creature , to end all reaction to him so i can just live my life and keep it untangled from his issues . 
 it 's so much easier . 
 and that 's all this is , kacey . 
 a reaction . 
 a strange , uncharacteristic reaction because of a guy . 
 an incredibly hot guy but , in the end , nothing you want to get mixed up in . 
 `` thanks for the quarter , '' i say coolly , standing and sliding the pro-offered coin into the slot . 
 i start the washer . 
 `` it 's the least i could do for scaring the crap out of you . '' 
 he 's up and shoving his sheets into the machine beside mine . 
 `` if tanner says anything , i 'll tell him i did it . 
 it 's partially my fault anyway . '' 
 `` partially ? '' 
 he chuckles as he shakes his head . 
 we 're standing close now , so close that our shoulders almost touch . 
 too close . 
 i take a few steps back to give myself space . 
 i end up staring at his back , admiring how his blue checkered shirt stretches across his broad shoulders , how his dark blue jeans fit his ass perfectly . 
 he stops what he 's doing to glance over his shoulder , blazing eyes leveling me with a look that makes me want to do things to him , for him , with him . 
 his attention drags down the length of my body , unashamed . 
 this guy is a contradiction . 
 one second sweet , the next second brazen . 
 a mind-blowing hot contradiction . 
 a warning siren goes off in my head . 
 i promised livie that the random one-night hook ups would stop . 
 and they have . 
 for two years , i have n't given anyone the time of day . 
 now , here i am , day one in our new life , and i 'm ready to straddle this guy on the washer . 
 suddenly i 'm writhing in my own skin , uncomfortable . 
 breathe , kacey , i hear my mom 's voice in my head . 
 count to ten , kace . 
 ten tiny breaths . 
 as usual , her advice does n't help me because it makes no sense . 
 all that makes sense is getting away from this two-legged trap . 
 immediately . 
 i move backward toward the door . 
 i do n't want these thoughts . 
 i do n't need them . 
 `` so , where are you ... ? '' 
 i run up the stairs to safety before i hear trent finish his sentence . 
 not until i 'm above ground do i search for a breath . 
 i lean against the wall and close my eyes , welcoming that protective coat back as it slides back over my skin , and takes back control of my body . 
 chapter two a hissing sound ... bright lights ... blood ... water , rushing over my head . 
 i 'm drowning . 
 `` kacey , wake up ! '' 
 livie 's voice pulls me out of that suffocating darkness and back into my bedroom . 
 it 's three a.m. and i 'm drenched with sweat . 
 `` thanks , livie . '' 
 `` anytime , '' she answers softly , laying down beside me . 
 livie 's used to my nightmares . 
 i rarely go a night without one . 
 sometimes i wake up on my own . 
 sometimes i start hyperventilating and she has to dump a glass of cold water over my head to bring me back . 
 she did n't have to do that tonight . 
 tonight is a good night . 
 i stay quiet and still until i hear her slow , rhythmic breathing again , and i thank god for not taking her from me too . 
 he took everyone else , but he left me livie . 
 i like to think he gave her the flu that night to keep her from coming to my rugby game . 
 congested lungs and a runny nose saved her . 
 saved my one ray of light . 
 *** i get up early to say bye to livie on her first day at her new high school . 
 `` you have all the paperwork ? '' 
 i remind her . 
 i signed everything as livie 's legal guardian and made her swear to that if anyone asks . 
 `` for what it 's worth ... '' `` livie , just stick to the story and everything will go smoothly . '' 
 to be honest , i 'm a little worried . 
 depending on livie to lie is like expecting a house of cards to stay up in a windstorm . 
 impossible . 
 livie ca n't lie if her life depends on it . 
 it kind of does in this case . 
 i watch her finish her cheerios and grab her school bag , pushing her hair back behind her ear a dozen times . 
 that 's one of her many tells . 
 a tell that she 's panicking . 
 `` just think , livie . 
 you can be anyone you want to be , '' i offer , rubbing her biceps as she 's about to head out the door . 
 i recall finding one shred of solace when we moved to aunt darla and uncle raymond 's - a new school and new people who knew nothing about me . 
 i was dumb enough to believe the break from pitying eyes would last . 
 but news travels fast around small towns , and soon i found myself eating lunches in the bathroom or skipping school altogether to avoid the whispers . 
 now though , we 're worlds away from michigan . 
 we really do have a chance to start over fresh . 
 livie stops and turns to stare at me blankly . 
 `` i 'm olivia cleary . 
 i 'm not trying to be anyone else . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i just mean , no one knows anything about our past here . '' 
 that was another one of our negotiating points coming here . 
 my requirement-no sharing our past with anyone . 
 `` our past is n't who we are . 
 i 'm me and you 're you and that 's who we need to be , '' livie reminds me . 
 she leaves and i know exactly what she 's thinking . 
 i 'm not kacey cleary anymore . 
 i 'm an empty shell who cracks inappropriate jokes and feels nothing . 
 i 'm a kacey imposter . 
 *** when i searched for our apartment , not only was i looking for a decent school for livie . 
 i needed a gym . 
 not one where pencil-thin girls prance around in new outfits and stand near the weights , talking on their phone . 
 a fighter 's gym . 
 that 's how i found the breaking point . 
 the breaking point is the same size as the o'malleys in michigan and i instantly feel at home when i step inside . 
 it 's complete with dim lighting , a fighting ring and a dozen bags of various sizes and weights , hung from the rafters . 
 the air is infused with that familiar stench of sweat and aggression-a bi-product of the fifty to one male to female ratio . 
 as i step into the main room , i inhale deeply , welcoming the security it brings with it . 
 three years ago , after the hospital released me from long term care-after extensive physiotherapy to strengthen the right side of my body , shattered in the accident-i joined a gym . 
 i spent hours there each day , lifting weights , doing cardio , all the things that strengthened my shattered body , but did nothing to help my devastated soul . 
 then one day , a ripped guy named jeff with more piercings and tattoos than a jaded rock star introduced himself . 
 `` you 're pretty intense in your workouts , '' he said . 
 i nodded , uninterested in any direction the conversation could go . 
 until he handed me his card . 
 `` have you tried o'malleys down the road ? 
 i teach kick boxing down there a few nights a week . '' 
 i 'm a natural , apparently . 
 i quickly excelled as his star pupil , probably because i trained seven days a week without fail . 
 it has turned out to be the perfect coping mechanism for me . 
 with each kick and each hit , i 'm able to channel my anger , my frustration , and my hurt into one solid blow . 
 all the emotions i work hard to bury in my life , i can release here in a non-destructive way . 
 thankfully , the breaking point is cheap and they let you pay month to month with no enrollment fees . 
 i have enough cash set aside for one month . 
 i know it should be going toward food but not working out is not an option for me . 
 society is better off with me in a gym . 
 after i enroll and get the grand tour , i drop my gear by an available sand bag . 
 and i feel their eyes on me , the questioning stares . 
 who 's the redhead ? 
 does n't she realize what kind of gym this is ? 
 they 're wondering if i can throw a punch worth shit . 
 they 're probably taking bets already on who gets me in the shower first . 
 let them try . 
 i ignore the attention , the flagrant comments and snickers , as i stretch my muscles , afraid i 'll strain something after missing three days . 
 and i smirk . 
 cocky ass ** les . 
 taking several breaths to sooth my nerves , i focus on this bag , this gracious thing that will absorb all my pain , my suffering , my hatred without protest . 
 and then i release it all . 
 *** the sun is n't even up yet , and the worst kind of old man heavy metal blasts through my room . 
 my alarm clock reads six a.m. yup . 
 right on schedule . 
 it 's the third day in a row that my neighbor wakes me up to this racket . 
 `` keep thy peace , '' i mutter as i jerk my covers over my head , replaying tanner 's words . 
 i guess keeping thy peace means not kicking down thy neighbor 's door and smashing thy electronics against the wall . 
 that does n't mean i ca n't exact thy revenge . 
 i grab my ipod-one of the few non-clothes possessions i grabbed in our dash-and scroll through the playlists . 
 there it is . 
 hannah montana . 
 my best friend , jenny , loaded all this tween shit as a joke years ago . 
 looks like it 's finally going to come in handy . 
 i push away the ache that goes along with the memories tied to it as i hit play and crank the volume to max . 
 the contorted sound bounces off the walls of my confined space . 
 the speakers will likely blow but this is worth it . 
 and then i dance . 
 like a maniac , i bop around my room , waving my arms , hoping this person hates hannah montana as much as i do . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 livie yells , barreling into my room in rumpled pjs , her hair untamed . 
 she leaps onto my ipod to slam the power button off . 
 `` just teaching our neighbor a lesson about waking me up . 
 he 's some kind of dickhole . '' 
 she frowns . 
 `` have you met him ? 
 how do you know it 's a guy ? '' 
 `` because no chick blasts that shit at six in the morning , livie . '' 
 `` oh . 
 i guess i ca n't hear it in my room . '' 
 her brow puckers as she studies the adjoining wall . 
 `` that 's dreadful . '' 
 i give her a quirked brow . 
 `` ya think ? 
 especially when i worked until eleven last night ! '' 
 i started my first shift at a starbucks in a nearby neighborhood . 
 they were desperate and i have a stellar reference letter thanks to my old manager , a twenty-four year old mama 's boy named jake with a crush on the bad ass redhead . 
 i was smart enough to play nice with him . 
 it paid off . 
 with a pause and then a shrug , livie shouts , `` dance party ! '' 
 and cranks up the volume . 
 the two of us jump around my room in a giggling fit until we hear the pounding on our front door . 
 livie 's face drains of all color . 
 she 's like that-all bark , no bite . 
 me ? 
 i 'm not worried . 
 i throw on my ratty purple house coat and proudly strut over . 
 let 's see what he has to say about that . 
 my hand is on the lock , about to throw the door open , when livie whispers harshly , `` wait ! '' 
 i pause and turn back to find livie 's waggling index finger , like my mother used to do when she was scolding . 
 `` remember , you promised ! 
 that was the deal . 
 we 're starting fresh here , right ? 
 new life ? 
 new kacey ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 and ? '' 
 `` and , can you please try not to be an ice queen ? 
 try to be more like the before kacey ? 
 you know , the one who does n't stone-wall everyone who comes close ? 
 who knows , maybe we can make some friends here . 
 just try . '' 
 `` you want to make friends with old men , livie ? 
 if that 's the case , we could have stayed home , '' i say coolly . 
 but her words sting like a long needle inserted straight into my heart . 
 from anyone else , they would slide off my tough teflon exterior . 
 the problem is i do n't know who before kacey is . 
 i do n't remember her . 
 i hear her irises shined when she laughed , her rendition of `` stairway to heaven '' on the piano made her dad tear up . 
 she had hordes of friends , and she snuck in hugs and kisses and handholding with her boyfriend whenever she could . 
 before kacey died four years ago and all that 's left is a mess . 
 a mess who spent a year in physical rehabilitation to repair her shattered body , only to be released with a shattered soul . 
 a mess whose grades did a nose dive into the bottom of the class . 
 who sunk into a world of drugs and alcohol for a year as a way of coping . 
 after kacey does n't cry , not a single tear . 
 i 'm not sure she knows how . 
 she does n't open up about anything ; she ca n't stand the feel of hands because they remind her of death . 
 she does n't let people in , because pain trails closely . 
 the sight of a piano sends her into a dizzying haze . 
 her only solace is to beat the crap out of giant sand bags until her knuckles are red and her feet are raw and her body-held together with countless metal rods and pins-feels like it 's going to crumble . 
 i know after kacey well . 
 for better or for worse , i 'm sure i 'm stuck with her . 
 but livie remembers before kacey and for livie , i 'll try anything . 
 i push the corners of my mouth out to form a smile . 
 it feels awkward and foreign and , by the wince on livie 's face , probably looks a little bit menacing . 
 `` okay . '' 
 i go to turn the handle . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 `` god , livie ! 
 what now ? '' 
 i sigh with exasperation . 
 `` here . '' 
 she hands me her pink and black polka-dot umbrella . 
 `` he could be a serial killer . '' 
 now i tip my head back and laugh . 
 such an odd , rare sound because i do n't do it often but it 's genuine . 
 `` and what should i do with this ? 
 poke him ? '' 
 she shrugs . 
 `` better than beating the snot out of him like you 'll want to do . '' 
 `` okay , okay , let 's see what we 're dealing with here . '' 
 i lean over to the window beside the door and push back the gossamer curtain , looking for a graying man with a faded too-small t-shirt and black socks . 
 a tiny part of me sparks at the idea that it 's that trent guy from the laundromat . 
 those smoldering eyes invaded my thoughts several times without invitation over the past few days , and i 've had a hard time kicking him out when he 's there . 
 i 've even caught myself staring at the adjoining wall between our apartments like a creeper , wondering what he 's doing . 
 but the music is coming from the other side so it ca n't be him . 
 a corn silk blonde ponytail wags back and forth outside our door instead . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 i snort , fumbling with the lock . 
 barbie 's standing outside . 
 no joke . 
 a real life five-foot-nine , highly toned , blonde bombshell with plump lips and giant periwinkle blue irises . 
 i find myself speechless , taking in her tiny cotton shorts and the way the `` play boy '' logo distorts as it stretches across the front of her tank top . 
 those are so not real . 
 they 're the size of hot air balloons . 
 a soft drawl breaks my trance . 
 `` hi , i 'm nora matthews , from next door . 
 everyone calls me storm . '' 
 storm ? 
 storm from next door with giant balloons sewn on to her chest ? 
 a throat clears and i realize i 'm still staring at them . 
 i quickly avert my gaze back to her face . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 the doctor gave me a free upsize while i was asleep , '' she jokes with a nervous giggle , earning a choking cough of shock from livie . 
 our new neighbor , nora , a.k.a ` storm , ' with giant , fake boobs . 
 i wonder if tanner gave her a `` no orgies , keep thy peace '' speech when he handed her the keys . 
 she extends a toned arm and i immediately tense up , fighting not to visibly recoil . 
 this is why i hate meeting new people . 
 in this diseased day and age , ca n't we all just wave at each other and move along ? 
 a raven black head pops into my view as livie dives to grab storm 's outstretched hand . 
 `` hi , i 'm livie . '' 
 i silently thank my sister for saving me yet again . 
 `` this is my sister , kacey . 
 we 're new to miami . '' 
 storm offers livie a perfect smile and turns back to me . 
 `` look , i 'm so sorry about the music . '' 
 so she can tell i 'm the instigator . 
 `` i had no idea someone moved in next door . 
 i work nights and my five year old has me up early in the morning . 
 it 's all i can do to stay awake . '' 
 it 's then that i notice the whites of her eyes are bloodshot . 
 guilt stabs me , knowing there 's a kid involved . 
 dammit . 
 i hate feeling guilt , especially for strangers . 
 livie clears her throat and settles a `` remember not to be a bitch , '' gaze on me . 
 `` no big deal . 
 just maybe , not quite so loud ? 
 or so 1980 's ? '' 
 i suggest . 
 `` my dad got me hooked on ac/dc . 
 i know , not cool . '' 
 she grins . 
 `` i 'm taking requests . 
 anything but hannah montana , please ! '' 
 she holds her hands in front of her in sign of surrender , earning a giggle from livie . 
 `` mommy ! '' 
 a tiny version of storm in striped pajamas appears , tucking herself behind her mother 's shapely long legs as she peers up to examine us with her thumb in her mouth . 
 she 's about the most gorgeous little kid i 've ever seen . 
 `` these are our new neighbors , kacey and livie . 
 this is mia , '' storm introduces , her hand stroking the little girl 's dark blonde waves . 
 `` hi ! '' 
 livie hollers with that tone reserved for little kids . 
 `` pleased to meet you . '' 
 no matter what kind of mess i 've turned into , little kids have the power to temporarily melt the layer of protective ice coating my heart . 
 them and pot-bellied puppies . 
 `` hello , mia , '' i offer softly . 
 mia ducks back with hesitation , glancing up at storm . 
 `` she 's shy around strangers , '' storm apologizes then looks down to address mia . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 maybe these girls will be your new friends . '' 
 the words ` new friends ' is all it takes . 
 mia steps out from behind her mother 's legs and wanders into our apartment , dragging a faded yellow fleece blanket behind her . 
 at first she simply takes in our place , likely investigating for hints about her new ` friends . ' 
 when her eyes finally rest on livie , they do n't shift again . 
 livie drops to her knees to meet mia face to face , a giant grin stretching her lips . 
 `` i 'm livie . '' 
 mia holds up her blanket , her face serious . 
 `` this is mr. magoo . 
 he 's my friend . '' 
 now that she 's talking , i can see a giant gap where she 's lost her two front teeth . 
 she 's instantly that much cuter . 
 `` nice to meet you , mr. magoo . '' 
 livie squeezes the fabric between her thumb and index finger , mock-shaking its hand . 
 livie must have passed the mr. magoo test because mia grabs her arm and tugs her out the door . 
 `` come meet my other friends . '' 
 they disappear into storm 's apartment , leaving storm and i alone . 
 `` you guys are n't from around these parts . '' 
 it 's a statement , not a question . 
 i hope she leaves it at that . 
 `` have you been here long ? '' 
 storm 's evaluating eyes float over our sparse living room , much like her daughter 's had , hanging over a framed picture of us with my parents on the living room wall . 
 livie pulled it off aunt darla 's family room wall as we ran out the door . 
 i silently admonish livie for hanging it up there for all to see , to ask questions , even though i have no right to . 
 there are a few times when livie digs her heels in . 
 that 's one of them . 
 if it were up to me , it 'd be in livie 's room where i can work up to visiting it occasionally . 
 it 's just too hard for me to look at their faces . 
 `` just a few days . 
 is n't it homey ? '' 
 storm 's mouth curves into a smirk at my attempt at humor . 
 livie and i ransacked the local dollarama for some basic necessities . 
 aside from that and the family picture , the only thing we 've added is the scent of bleach in place of mothballs . 
 storm nods , folding her arms over her chest as if to ward off a chill . 
 there is no chill . 
 miami is hot , even at six a.m. `` it 's what works for now , right ? 
 that 's all we can ask for , '' she says softly . 
 somehow i get the feeling she 's talking about more than the apartment . 
 there 's a squeal of delight next door and storm laughs . 
 `` your sister 's good with kids . '' 
 `` yeah , livie has some sort of magnetic power over them . 
 no kid can resist her . 
 back home she volunteered at our local daycare a lot . 
 i 'm sure she 'll have at least twelve of her own . '' 
 i lean in for a mock whisper behind my hand . 
 `` wait 'til she learns what she needs to do with boys for that to happen . '' 
 storm chuckles softly . 
 `` i 'm sure she 'll learn soon enough . 
 she 's striking . 
 how old is she ? '' 
 `` fifteen . '' 
 she nods slowly . 
 `` and you ? 
 you in college ? '' 
 `` me ? '' 
 i heave a sigh , fighting the urge to clam up . 
 she 's asking a lot of personal questions about us . 
 i hear livie 's voice inside my head . 
 try ... `` no , i 'm working right now . 
 school will come later . 
 maybe in another year or two . '' 
 or ten . 
 i 'll make sure livie 's set up before me , that 's for sure . 
 she 's the one with a bright future ahead of her . 
 there 's a long pause as we 're both lost in our own thoughts . 
 `` it 's what works for now , right ? '' 
 i echo her earlier words and i see an understanding in those blue eyes , thinly veiling her own dark closet of skeletons . 
 stage two ~ denial chapter three i wander half-asleep into the kitchen to find livie and mia at the little dining table , playing go fish . 
 `` good morning ! '' 
 livie sings . 
 `` good morning ! '' 
 mia mimics . 
 `` it 's like eight a.m. '' i mutter as i grab the cheap jug of oj i splurged on the other day from the fridge . 
 `` how was work ? '' 
 livie asked . 
 i take a giant gulp right from the jug . 
 `` shit . '' 
 there 's a sharp gasp and i find mia 's short finger stabbing the air in my direction . 
 `` kacey just said a naughty word ! '' 
 she whispers . 
 i cringe as i catch livie 's unimpressed glare . 
 `` i get one , okay ? '' 
 i say , looking for a way to excuse myself . 
 i 'll have to watch my language if mia 's going to be hanging around . 
 mia 's head cocks to one side , likely considering my logic . 
 then , like any good five year old 's limited attention span , my heinous infraction is quickly forgotten . 
 she smiles and announces , `` you guys are coming over for brunch . 
 not breakfast and not lunch . '' 
 now it 's my turn to glare at livie . 
 `` are we now ? '' 
 lowering her brow , livie gets up and comes to my side . 
 `` you said you 'd try , '' she reminds me in a low whisper so mia does n't overhear . 
 `` i said i 'd be nice . 
 i did n't say i 'd swap muffin recipes with the neighbors , '' i respond , trying hard not to growl . 
 i get an eye roll . 
 `` stop being dramatic . 
 storm 's cool . 
 i think you 'll like her if you 'd stop avoiding her . 
 and all other living creatures . '' 
 `` i 'll have you know i 've graciously served over a thousand cups of coffee this week to living creatures . 
 some questionable ones too . '' 
 crossing her arms , livie 's glare flattens , but she does n't say anything . 
 `` i 'm not avoiding people . '' 
 yes , i am . 
 everyone , including barbie . 
 and dimples next door . 
 definitely him . 
 i 'm sure i 've spotted his lean frame watching out the window as i came home at night a few times , but i ducked my head and sped past , my insides constricting at the thought of seeing him face to face again . 
 `` really ? 
 'cause storm sure thinks you are . 
 she came out to talk to you the other day , and you rushed into the apartment like lightning before she could say ` hi . ' '' 
 i hide behind another sip of juice . 
 busted . 
 i totally did that . 
 i heard her door unlock and the beginnings of a `` hello , kacey , '' and i hurried to shut our apartment door . 
 `` i am like lightning . 
 lightning girl has a nice ring to it , '' i say . 
 livie watches as i scan the meager contents of our fridge and my stomach protests with a perfectly-timed growl . 
 we agreed to spend as little as possible until i had a pay check or two in the bank so we 've been living off no-name cheerios and bologna sandwiches for more than a week . 
 given i need more calories than the average twenty year old to function , it 's left me sluggish . 
 i guess offering to feed us earns storm at least five points in the potential friend bank . 
 my tongue slides over my top teeth . 
 `` fine . '' 
 livie 's face brightens . 
 `` that 's a yes ? '' 
 i shrug , acting nonchalant . 
 inside , panic is rising . 
 livie 's getting too attached to these people . 
 attachments are bad . 
 attachments lead to hurt . 
 i make a face . 
 `` as long as she 's not making bologna . '' 
 she giggles and i know it 's more than my lame joke . 
 she knows i 'm trying , and that makes her happy . 
 i change the subject . 
 `` how 's your new school , by the way ? '' 
 i 'd worked the afternoon shift all week so we have n't talked once , besides a few kitchen counter notes . 
 `` oh ... right . '' 
 livie 's face pales like she 's seen a ghost . 
 she reaches for her backpack , with a glance back to see mia busy playing her own card game at the table . 
 `` i checked my email account at school , '' she explains as she hands me a piece of paper . 
 my back stiffens . 
 i knew this was coming . 
 dearest olivia , i assume that sister of yours has convinced you to run off . 
 i ca n't possibly understand why but i hope you are safe . 
 please send me a message to let me know where you are . 
 i will come get you and bring you home , where your parents want you to be . 
 that will make them happy . 
 i am not upset with you . 
 you are a sheep led astray by a wolf . 
 please let me bring you home . 
 your uncle and i miss you terribly . 
 love , aunt darla heat erupts like a volcano inside as my blood boils . 
 not about the wolf comment . 
 i do n't care about that . 
 she 's called me worse . 
 what i do care about is her using our parents as a guilt trip , knowing full well it 'd hurt livie . 
 `` you did n't respond , did you ? '' 
 livie shakes her head solemnly . 
 `` good , '' i push through clenched teeth , crumpling the note into a tight ball . 
 `` delete your account . 
 get a new one . 
 do n't ever respond to her . 
 not once , livie . '' 
 `` okay , kacey . '' 
 `` i mean it ! '' 
 i hear mia 's tiny gasp and i quickly temper my tone . 
 `` we do n't need them in our lives . '' 
 there 's a long pause . 
 `` she 's not a bad person . 
 she means well . '' 
 livie 's voice turns soft . 
 `` you did n't exactly make things easy for her . '' 
 i push down the lump of guilt forming at the back of my throat , rivaling to take over my anger . 
 `` i know that , livie . 
 i do , really . 
 but aunt darla 's way of ` meaning well ' does n't work for us . '' 
 my hands move to rub my forehead . 
 i 'm no idiot . 
 for the first year after the accident , i put all my effort , focus , and thought into fixing my body so i could move again . 
 once released , my focus moved on to shoving the memories of my former life into a bottomless well . 
 there were impossible days though-holidays , birthday , and the like-and i quickly learned that alcohol and drugs , while capable of destroying lives , also had magical powers ; the power to dull pain . 
 more and more i relied on those weapons against the constant and overwhelming rush of water swelling over my head , threatening to drown me . 
 that and sex . 
 meaningless , mindless `` take what i want '' sex with strangers who i did n't care about , and who did n't care about me . 
 no expectations , at least not on my part . 
 guys from parties , guys from school . 
 if it was awkward for them after , i did n't care . 
 i never let them get close enough to me to find out . 
 it was the perfect coping mechanism . 
 aunt darla knew what was going on . 
 she did n't know how to handle it . 
 at first she tried connecting me with her priest so he could confront and rid me of the demons within . 
 this all had to be the work of demons , after all , according to her . 
 but when the demons proved resilient to her church 's powers , i think she decided ignorance was best . 
 `` it 's just a phase , '' i 'd hear her whisper to livie with a comforting pat . 
 a disgusting , self-deprecating phase that she wanted no part of . 
 from that point on , she put all of her focus on her non-broken niece . 
 i was fine with that . 
 until i woke up to livie smacking my back to keep me from choking on my own vomit , tears streaming down her cheeks , sobbing hysterically , saying over and over again , `` promise you wo n't leave me ! '' 
 her words a knife stabbing through my heart . 
 i stopped everything that night . 
 the drinking . 
 the drugs . 
 the random sex . 
 the sex , period . 
 i have n't so much as looked at a guy since . 
 i 'm not sure why . 
 i guess it 's all linked together in my mind . 
 luckily , i found a new release with kick boxing soon after . 
 livie 's never completely approved or supported me in this newest addiction but she happily takes it over the other stuff . 
 i slam the fridge door , not wanting to think about aunt darla or the depths of my self-destructive past anymore . 
 `` what time 's breakfast ? '' 
 `` brunch ! '' 
 mia corrects me with a loud sigh of exasperation . 
 *** the delicious smells of bacon and coffee sparks hunger pangs as we follow mia into her place . 
 i mentally pat myself on the back for making the right choice . 
 if nothing else , i 'll have loads of energy for the gym today . 
 my attention drifts over storm 's apartment with a degree of awe . 
 it 's a mirror of ours except it 's nice . 
 she 's filled the living room with a dove gray sectional , sparkly throw cushions , and little glass tables with pretty crystal lamps . 
 a flat screen television sits on a stylish teak armoire . 
 the hideous green carpet peeks out beneath a cream shag rug . 
 her walls are a light gray and splashed with candid black and white photos of mia . 
 where our apartment looks like a cheap rental , storm 's looks like a trendy girlish boutique . 
 i have to admit , as i sit at the table and quietly listen to storm , livie , and mia banter back and forth , i 'm starting to like storm whether i want to or not . 
 though one would never know by looking at her , what with those distracting inflatables on her chest , storm 's street smart and she acts a lot older than her twenty-three years . 
 it takes no time to see that . 
 she 's laid back and she cracks a witty joke here and there in that soft , but husky voice of hers . 
 she fumbles with her hair a lot , and laughs easily , and i see nothing but sincerity and interest in her eyes . 
 for someone so beautiful , she does n't come across as vain or self-absorbed . 
 mostly she listens though . 
 and watches . 
 those shrewd orbs take everything in . 
 i catch her studying the tattoo on my thigh , narrowing slightly as i 'm sure she zeroes in on the hideous scar beneath . 
 it 's the one major scar that 's not caused by surgery on my body but from a jagged chunk of flying glass . 
 she does n't ask about it , though , and that makes me like her even more . 
 `` oh , man ! '' 
 storm exclaims through a yawn , eyes red and lined with dark purple bags . 
 leaning on her elbows , she rubs her face fiercely . 
 `` i ca n't wait until mia learns how to sleep in . 
 at least during the week i can sneak in a mid-morning nap while she 's at school . '' 
 `` oh , i was going to ask you . 
 do you mind if i take mia to the park down the street ? '' 
 livie offers as if she 's been thinking about it and genuinely forgot . 
 i instantly see what she 's doing . 
 that 's so livie . 
 `` i wo n't let her out of my sight . 
 not for a sec , i promise . 
 i 've got my cpr certification , my junior lifeguard designation , a thousand hours at a private day care . '' 
 livie starts rhyming off her impressive resume . 
 `` i even have a printed copy of my resume in our apartment if you want to have a copy . 
 and references ! '' 
 of course you do , livie . 
 `` we 'll be back in , say , four hours , if that 's okay with you ? '' 
 `` yeah , mommy ! 
 say yes ! '' 
 mia bounces up and down on the couch , waving her arms frantically . 
 `` say yes ! 
 yes ! 
 yes ! 
 mommy , say yes ! '' 
 `` okay , okay . 
 calm down . '' 
 storm laughs , patting the air . 
 `` of course you can , livie . 
 you spend so much time with her as it is , i 'm not worried about your credentials . 
 i should be paying you , though ! '' 
 `` no . 
 absolutely not . '' 
 livie brushes her words away , earning my sharp glare . 
 is she nuts ? 
 does she enjoy eating bologna ? 
 must we move on to spam ? 
 livie helps mia with her shoes . 
 `` bye , mommy ! '' 
 mia shouts on her way out . 
 livie avoids making eye contact with me . 
 it 's like she has a line to my brain and can read my scathing thoughts . 
 as soon as the door closes , storm 's forehead drops to the table . 
 `` i thought i was going to die today . 
 oh , kacey . 
 i swear , your sister 's like an angel fluttering around with little satin wings and a magical wand . 
 i 've never met someone like her . 
 mia 's already so in love with her . '' 
 the layer of ice over my heart melts . 
 i decide maybe i can `` try '' to be friends with storm matthews , giant fake br ** sts and all . 
 *** `` see you later , livie , '' i grumble , grabbing my things for starbucks , a scowl twisting my face . 
 `` kace ... '' there 's a long pause . 
 livie 's gulp fills the silence in the apartment and i know something 's bothering her . 
 `` ugh , livie ! '' 
 i roll my head back . 
 `` spit it out . 
 i do n't want to be late for my stellar job . '' 
 `` i think i should have stayed in grand rapids . '' 
 that freezes my feet . 
 anger sparks inside me at the thought of my little sister left back there . 
 not with me . 
 `` stop saying stupid shit like that , livie . '' 
 i tap her nose , making her flinch . 
 `` right now . 
 of course you should n't have stayed in grand rapids . '' 
 `` how are we going to survive though ? '' 
 `` with ten hours of prostitution for each of us . 
 maximum . '' 
 `` kacey ! '' 
 i sigh , turning serious . 
 `` we 'll figure it out . '' 
 `` i can get a job . '' 
 `` you need to concentrate on school , livie . 
 but ... '' i waggle my finger at her . 
 `` if storm offers you money again , take it . '' 
 she 's already shaking her head . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm not taking money to hang out with mia . 
 she 's fun . '' 
 `` you 're supposed to be having fun with people your own age , livie . 
 like boys . '' 
 she sets her jaw stubbornly . 
 `` when they 're not idiots , i 'll do that . 
 until then , five years olds make more sense . '' 
 i stifle a laugh . 
 that 's part of livie 's problem . 
 she 's too smart . 
 genius smart . 
 she 's never related to kids her own age . 
 i think she was born with the maturity of a twenty-five year old . 
 losing my parents only exacerbated that problem . 
 she 's grown up too fast . 
 `` what about you ? 
 it 's never too late for the princeton dream , '' she says quietly . 
 an unattractive snort escapes me . 
 `` that dream died years ago for me , livie , and you know that . 
 you 'll go , on that full scholarship you 're going to earn . 
 i 'll apply somewhere local as soon as i have the money . '' 
 and somehow forge my transcript to make up two years of appalling grades . 
 her brow creases in that worried livie way . 
 `` local , kacey ? 
 dad would hate that . '' 
 she 's right , he would . 
 our dad went to princeton . 
 his dad when to princeton . 
 in his view , i may as well enroll in a school with golden arches for a crest and take `` flipping burgers 1-0-1 '' if i 'm not going to princeton . 
 but mom and dad are gone and uncle raymond blew our entire inheritance on a black jack table . 
 i remember the night i found out about that like it was yesterday . 
 it was my nineteenth birthday and i asked aunt darla and uncle raymond for our money so we could move out . 
 i wanted to become livie 's legal guardian . 
 i knew something was up when aunt darla could n't meet my eyes . 
 uncle raymond stumbled over his words before blurting out that there was nothing left . 
 after smashing almost every dish on the kitchen counter and jamming my foot into uncle raymond 's jugular so hard his face turned purple , i dialed the cops , ready to charge them with theft . 
 livie grabbed the phone from me and hung up before the call went through . 
 we would n't win . 
 i 'd likely be the one arrested . 
 as smart as mom and dad were , they did n't plan on dying . 
 all the money left after the debts were paid went to uncle raymond and aunt darla to `` care '' for us . 
 secretly , i 'm kind of glad uncle raymond did all that he did . 
 it gave me another legitimate excuse to take my sister and leave that part of our lives behind for good . 
 i pat livie 's back , trying to appease her guilt . 
 `` dad would be happy that we 're safe . 
 end of story . '' 
 *** the next day i 'm in the laundromat , when storm skips down the steps , smiling but sallow-eyed . 
 livie took mia to the park again and i 'm giving serious consideration to smacking her upside the head for refusing to take money . 
 `` tanner must have his panties in a bunch over this . '' 
 storm slides her foot across the sticky green stain left by my detergent . 
 i duck my head , silently reminding myself to come back and scrub the floor . 
 the thought of tanner in any kind of underwear makes bile rise in my throat . 
 i quietly continue my sorting until i notice storm 's standing there idly , watching me . 
 it 's obvious she wants to talk to me , but she probably does n't know where to start . 
 `` how long have you lived here ? '' 
 i finally ask . 
 i think my voice startles her because she jumps and begins tossing in mia 's little t-shirts and tiny pairs of undies . 
 `` oh , three years , i think ? 
 it 's a pretty safe building , but i still would n't come down here at night . '' 
 her words bring me back to thoughts of trent and the unwanted feelings he elicited so effortlessly . 
 we 've been here weeks and i have n't run into him since . 
 if i dig deep inside , if i care to pay attention to what i 'm trying to bury , i catch a glimpse of disappointment over that fact . 
 but i quickly crush it with a hammer and throw it into the well with all other unwanted feelings . 
 `` what are the other people like in the building ? '' 
 she shrugs . 
 `` a lot of people move in and out . 
 rent 's cheap so we get a lot of college kids . 
 they 've all been nice , especially to mia . 
 mrs. potterage on the third floor helps babysit after school and when i work . 
 oh , '' she waggles a finger . 
 `` avoid 2b like the plague . 
 that 's pervie pete . '' 
 my head tilts back with a groan . 
 `` fantastic . 
 no building is complete without a resident perv . '' 
 `` oh , and a new guy moved in next to you . 
 1d . '' 
 i ca n't control the bit of heat from crawling up my neck . 
 `` yeah , trent , '' i say casually as i set the machine . 
 even his name out loud sounds hot . 
 trent . 
 trent . 
 trent . 
 stop it , kace . 
 `` well , i have n't talked to this trent but i saw him and ... wowza . '' 
 her eyebrows waggle suggestively . 
 great . 
 my gorgeous barbie neighbor thinks trent is hot . 
 all she has to do is adjust her shirt and she 'll have him on his knees . 
 i realize my teeth are clenched painfully and i focus on releasing my muscles . 
 she can have him and all the trouble he comes with . 
 why do you care , kace ? 
 slamming the doors shut and hitting the on switch , storm exhales deeply , blowing her long bangs off her face . 
 `` are you going to be here for a while ? '' 
 she glances at the newspaper and marker i 've brought down with me . 
 `` would you mind just turning my stuff over when it goes off ? 
 i mean , if you 're around and it 's not too much trouble . '' 
 i look at her again , at her drawn skin and the purplish lines marring her pretty blue eyes and see just how worn she is . 
 young , single mom with a five year old and she works six days a week , up until three a.m. every night ? 
 `` yeah , no problem . '' 
 that sounds like something a nice , normal person would do , i tell myself . 
 livie will be proud of me . 
 `` are you sure ? 
 i do n't want to impose . '' 
 i notice that she 's biting her lip and her shoulders are pinched together and it dawns on me that she 's nervous . 
 asking for my help likely took her a ton of courage and she must be desperate enough to do it . 
 realizing that makes me want to slam my head into a wall . 
 clearly , i have n't tried very hard to be approachable , like i promised livie i would . 
 and storm 's nice . 
 really , genuinely nice . 
 `` why , ma'am , i reckon it 'd be my honor to wash your drawers , '' i drawl in a fake southern accent , picking up the paper to fan myself with it . 
 her face lights up with surprise as she giggles . 
 she opens her mouth to answer , but nothing comes out . 
 me having a sense of humor has floored her . 
 dammit , livie 's right . 
 i am an ice queen . 
 i quickly add , `` besides , i owe you for last week . 
 it 's the least i can do after pulling out hannah-the dirtiest of all weapons . '' 
 i smile and it 's not forced . 
 `` i 'll just be going through the jobs section so i may as well do that in this paradise . '' 
 she frowns . 
 `` starbucks not working out ? '' 
 livie must have told her because i sure did n't . 
 `` it 's fine , but the pay 's shit . 
 if i want to live of spam and scrape blue spots off of bread for the rest of my life , i can make it work . '' 
 she nods , thinking . 
 `` you guys should come over for dinner tonight . '' 
 i open my mouth to decline the charity and she adds , `` as my thanks to livie for taking care of mia today . '' 
 there 's something in that tone , a mixture of forced bravery , but also a level of natural authority that makes me slam my mouth shut . 
 `` and ... '' she shifts her feet a bit hesitantly , like she 's not sure if she should say what 's on her mind , '' ... do you know how to mix drinks ? '' 
 `` uh ... '' i blink rapidly at the sudden change in topic . 
 `` is n't it a little early in the day for that ? '' 
 she smiles , her perfect teeth gleaming . 
 `` like martinis and long islands ? '' 
 `` i pour a mean tequila shot . '' 
 i offer half-heartedly . 
 `` well , i can talk to my boss and see if he 'll hire you , if you 're interested . 
 i bartend at a club . 
 the money 's good . '' 
 her eyes widen with those last words . 
 `` like , really good . '' 
 `` bartender , huh ? '' 
 she grins . 
 `` so , what do ya think ? '' 
 could i handle it ? 
 i do n't say anything , trying to picture myself behind a bar . 
 the visual ends with me smashing a bottle and kicking a grabby customer in the head . 
 `` i should probably warn you , though . '' 
 she hesitates . 
 `` it 's an adult club . '' 
 i feel the frown line zip across my forehead . 
 `` adult like ... '' `` strippers . '' 
 `` oh ... '' of course . 
 i look down at myself . 
 `` yeah , i 'm a ` keep clothes on in crowds ' kind of girl . '' 
 storm 's hands wave my words away . 
 `` no , do n't worry . 
 you would n't have to strip . 
 i promise . '' 
 me ? 
 work in a strip club ? 
 `` you think i 'd fit in , storm ? '' 
 `` can you handle being surrounded by sex , booze , and loads of cash ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` sounds like my teenage years , minus the cash . '' 
 `` can you learn how to smile a bit more ? '' 
 she asks with a nervous giggle . 
 i flash her my best fake grin . 
 she nods with approval . 
 `` good . 
 i think you 'll do well behind the bar . 
 you have a look they 'll like . '' 
 i snort . 
 `` what look ? 
 the ' i just got off a bus from michigan and i 'll do anything for money so i do n't have to eat spam ' look ? '' 
 the corners of her eyes crinkle as she giggles . 
 `` think about it and let me talk to my boss . 
 it 's really good money . 
 you would n't have to eat spam again . 
 ever . '' 
 with that , she skips up the stairs . 
 i think about it . 
 i think about it as i watch storm and mia 's clothes spin around in circles . 
 i think about it as the timer goes off and i flip the clothes over into the dryer and start two new loads . 
 i think about it as i sort and fold their freshly clean clothes into neat piles and reload the hamper , paying a little too much attention to the skimpy outfits in storm 's pile . 
 like a tiny black top that looks like a cross between a sequined sports bra and something a wild animal mangled . 
 i hold it up . 
 does she serve drinks or her body in this ? 
 that would explain her ridiculous boobs . 
 wow . 
 i might be making friends with a stripper . 
 that 's sounds weird . 
 and then i acknowledge that i 'm going through her underwear . 
 that sounds way weirder . 
 `` tell me where you wear that so i can be there to witness it . '' 
 his deep voice startles me again . 
 i gasp as my head whips around to see trent strolling toward me with a laundry bag slung over his shoulder . 
 my breath hitches at the sight of him and those deep dimples he flashes shamelessly . 
 it 's been more than two weeks since i bumped into him here , yet seeing him instantly ignites a fire within me . 
 again , with the laundromat ? 
 what are the chances ? 
 inhaling deeply , i force myself to relax . 
 i 'm better prepared this time . 
 i wo n't act like a space cadet . 
 i wo n't let his beautiful face disarm me . 
 i wo n't ... `` well , well . 
 the laundromat lurker strikes again . '' 
 trent smirks as his attention grazes over my body , stopping to survey the tattoo on my thigh for a moment before flittering back up to my face . 
 by the time they get there , my pulse is racing and i think i may need to change my underwear . 
 dammit . 
 here we go again . 
 `` round two , '' i mutter before i can stop myself . 
 his eyebrow quirks with surprise as he moves toward the open washer . 
 i try not to ogle his body through his fitted white t-shirt , watching him dump a set of white sheets into the wash . 
 `` you wash your sheets a lot , '' i observe coolly , thinking that 's a fairly innocuous comment . 
 trent 's hands pause for a second and then he continues , chuckling and shaking his head but saying nothing . 
 he does n't need to . 
 i 've clued into what my observation could imply and i groan inwardly , fighting the urge to smack myself in the forehead , my face growing even warmer . 
 any upper hand i thought i had when he walked in just dissolved into a hot mess at my feet . 
 i 'm sure his sheets see a lot of action . 
 he 's got to have a girlfriend . 
 someone like him must have a girlfriend . 
 or a string of f ** k buddies . 
 either way , now i want to crawl into a hole and hide until he leaves . 
 `` what can i say ? 
 it 's hot in miami without a/c , '' he offers after a moment as if to ease the awkwardness . 
 that 's what i fool myself into thinking anyways , until he throws in , `` even without clothes , i wake up boiling , '' and deftly layers on to my mortification . 
 trent sleeps naked . 
 my mouth dries as my focus unavoidably latches onto his frame again . 
 on the other side of my living room wall is this god , in a bed , lying naked . 
 though i thought impossible , my pulse quickens even further . 
 i open my mouth to change topics , but i ca n't grasp onto anything coherent . 
 words swim inside my head , stringing into gibberish . 
 i ca n't come up with one damn remotely intelligent answer . 
 not one . 
 me , who can crack orgy jokes and crush arrogant ball sacks with the best of them , is floored . 
 he has smoothly splintered my defensive shield with nothing but bed sheets and a naked visual . 
 and those damn dimples . 
 i watch the muscles in his shoulders shift as he pours detergent into the machine . 
 who knew doing laundry could be sexy . 
 when he turns to me and winks , i jump . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i nod and try to make an affirmative sound but it comes out sounding like a strangled cat and i 'm sure my entire head has caught on fire now . 
 he slams the lid on the washer and pushes the coins in to start the wash , then turns to me , leaning in . 
 `` to be honest , i saw you walking past me with your laundry and i grabbed the first thing i could think to wash . '' 
 wait ... what 's he saying ? 
 i shake my head to kick the haze out . 
 i think he 's telling me something important . 
 he grins as he pushes a hand back through his unkempt hair . 
 i want to do that , i think , involuntarily flexing my fingers . 
 please let me do that . 
 in fact , i want to do all kinds of things to him . 
 right here in this dingy basement . 
 on the washer . 
 on the floor . 
 anywhere . 
 i battle the urge to lunge at him like a rabid animal . 
 hell , i 'm panting like one right now . 
 `` so , what do people do for fun around here ? '' 
 he asks , leaning back at bit to give me space , like he can read that i 'm about to pass out from his proximity . 
 `` uh ... '' it takes me a moment to find my voice . 
 and my wits . 
 `` hang out in laundromats ? '' 
 my words come out shaky . 
 dammit-what is wrong with me ? 
 he laughs , his gaze settling on my lips . 
 the feel of his eyes there makes me spew out words that my brain has n't approved yet . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i just moved here . 
 i have n't had any fun yet . '' 
 ohmigod kacey . 
 shut up ! 
 just shut up ! 
 now you sound like an airhead and a loser ! 
 with a lopsided grin , he leans against the washer and crosses buff arms over his chest . 
 and then he stares at me . 
 that stare lasts an eternity , until sweat starts to trickle down my back . 
 `` well , we need to change that , do n't we ? '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 i croak , heat igniting in my lower belly . 
 he has effectively stripped me bare of my titanium cover again . 
 he 's tossed it to another planet where i have no hope of ever finding it . 
 i am naked and vulnerable and his eyes are boring into my core . 
 his body slides across his washer until he 's leaning on mine , his hip nudged up against me , his arm stretched out to the opposite corner of the machine in front of me , effectively invading all personal space . 
 `` change the fact that you 're not having any fun , '' he murmurs . 
 my breath snags . 
 i feel like he 's reached into my body and seized my pounding heart . 
 does he have any idea what he 's doing to me ? 
 am i that obvious ? 
 his index finger reaches up and runs down my temple , down my cheek , to join the rest of his hand to cup my jaw . 
 he rubs my hanging bottom lip with the pad of his thumb as i gawk up at him . 
 i ca n't move . 
 not a muscle , like his touch has the power to paralyze . 
 `` you are so very beautiful . '' 
 my nerves are a ball of contradictions . 
 his fingertip feels so damn good against my lip and yet that voice is screaming , no ! 
 stop ! 
 danger ! 
 `` so are you , '' i hear myself whisper and i instantly curse the traitor within . 
 do . 
 not . 
 let.this . 
 happen . 
 he leans in closer and closer until his breath caresses my mouth . 
 i 'm paralyzed . 
 i swear he 's going to kiss me . 
 i swear i 'm going to let him . 
 but then he stands up straight , as if remembering something . 
 clearing his throat , he says with a wink , `` see you around , kacey . '' 
 he turns and vanishes up the stairs , his long legs taking two steps at a time . 
 `` ye ... yeah . 
 fo ... for sure , '' i stutter , leaning against the machine for support as my legs turn to jelly . 
 i 'm sure i 'm two seconds away from melting into a puddle on the concrete floor . 
 i fight the urge to chase after him . 
 one ... two ... three ... i struggle to shake off the uncomfortable edge that has slinked into my body . 
 hunching over , i lay my cheek against the machine , my flushed skin reveling in the feel of the cool metal . 
 he 's one hell of a player . 
 i 'm usually so good at shutting them down . 
 being a female in a male-dominated gym , i dealt with those juiced up egomaniacs at o'malleys every day . 
 hold my bag for me ... dominate me ... the comments were never-ending and uncreative . 
 then , when the lot of them decided that i must be a lesbian because i had n't dropped my shorts for anyone , the stupid comments increased tenfold . 
 i 've never had issues resisting the hottest of them . 
 none of them have broken though this masterful wall of self-preservation i 've constructed around myself . 
 i enjoyed sparring with them . 
 i loved knocking them to their knees . 
 but never had they stirred any interest from me , physical or otherwise . 
 but trent ... there 's something different about him , and i do n't have to think hard to see it . 
 something about the way he takes over a room , the way he looks at me , like he has already identified and can disarm every one of my defense mechanisms with no effort , like he sees through them to the disaster lying beneath . 
 and he wants it . 
 `` fucking player , '' i mutter as i run to the sink . 
 a splash of water temporarily douses the flames in my chest . 
 he 's smooth . 
 oh so smooth . 
 way more sophisticated than the asshats i normally deal with . 
 `` you 're so very beautiful , '' i repeat , followed by a harsh mock of myself saying `` so are you . '' 
 i 'm sure he tells everyone that . 
 watch , he 'll meet storm and say the exact same thing . 
 oh god . 
 my gut spasms , my fists clenching so tight that my knuckles go white . 
 what 'll happen when he meets storm ? 
 he 'll fall in love with her , that 's what . 
 he 's a guy . 
 what guy would n't fall in love with sweet stripper barbie ? 
 and then i 'll become nothing other than that head case in 1c and i 'll have to watch them cuddle on the couch , and listen to them have wild-stripper sex on the other side of my bedroom wall , and i 'll want to rip storm 's arms off . 
 dammit . 
 i crank up the cold water and splash my face again . 
 in no time , this guy has created permanent fissures in my carefully constructed suit of sanity , and i do n't know how to fight against it , to protect myself , to keep him out . 
 to keep all of them out . 
 ninety-nine percent of me knows i need to keep him at arm 's length . 
 there 's no point considering him . 
 he 'll get one look at my shit and he 'll run , leaving a bigger mess behind . 
 and yet , as i eye the washer where he just stood , where his bed sheets swirl , i give serious consideration to stealing them and leaving a `` come and get it '' note in its place . 
 no . 
 i shove angry hands through my thick mane , gripping the back of my head as if to keep it from exploding . 
 i need to stay away from him . 
 he 's going to ruin everything i 've worked so hard to put in place . 
 suddenly , i ca n't get out of that laundromat fast enough . 
 *** mia and livie sit cross-legged on the living room floor with a chutes and ladders board game between them . 
 a freshly showered storm dumps a pot of spaghetti noodles into a pot of boiling water . 
 `` i hope you do n't mind veal in your sauce , '' she says as i step in without knocking . 
 i figure we 're past the knocking stage . 
 i just touched her thongs , after all . 
 `` that 'd be great . 
 your clothes are all here . '' 
 she looks over her shoulder at the hamper and shock twists her face . 
 `` did you fold my underwear for me ? '' 
 `` uh ... no ? '' 
 turning a bit more to see my face , still drenched from the tap water , she frowns . 
 `` what happened to you ? '' 
 how do i explain i had to have a mini-cold shower in the laundromat because that damn smooth-talking neighbor of ours cornered me ? 
 i do n't . 
 `` it was stephen king 's maximum overdrive all over again . 
 the washing machine came to life and attacked me . 
 laundry and i are officially on no-speaking terms . '' 
 `` i 've never read that book , '' storm says at the same time that i hear a tiny frightful gasp . 
 `` i 'm not surprised , '' i mumble as i head toward the kitchen , catching a scathing glare from livie for scaring mia . 
 our dad made us watch all the movies from his era as a way of keeping the classics alive . 
 most of the time , no one in my generation has a clue what i 'm talking about . 
 storm turns to face me wearing an apron that reads , how 's the sauce ? 
 has anyone seen my band-aid ? 
 and a big grin . 
 `` hey , so i spoke to my boss . 
 job 's yours if you want it . '' 
 `` storm ! '' 
 my eyes bug out . 
 her long blond locks sway as she tips her head back to laugh , my surprise apparently amusing . 
 i can tell she 's happy to give me the news . 
 i get the impression that she genuinely wants to help us and for no reason other than because she 's just that nice . 
 `` i have n't decided yet . '' 
 liar , yes you have . 
 good money is good money and as long as i do n't have to strip , i can handle standing in the middle of a vagina circus . 
 `` what job is this ? '' 
 livie pipes up , her curiosity peaked . 
 `` a job with me , where i work , '' storm explains . 
 `` my mommy gets paid to give people drinks , in a restaurant . 
 like this ! '' 
 mia scrambles to her feet and runs over to grab an empty cup from the counter . 
 `` would you like a glass of lemonade , madam ? '' 
 she carries it to livie with the utmost care and bows . 
 `` why , thank you , kind waitress , '' livie gushes theatrically and proceeds to gulp back the imaginary drink like she 's just crossed the sahara desert , finishing with a wink for mia . 
 but , when she turns to me , her brow is furrowed with unease . 
 `` serving more than lemonade , i take it ? '' 
 i nod , dropping my focus to re-arrange the cutlery on the table before i can meet her worried gaze again . 
 her bottom lip is sucked into her mouth . 
 she 's trying hard to stop it from quivering and i know what she 's thinking . 
 she 's afraid i 'll spiral back into that dark place where the tequila is flowing and the one-night-stands are frequent . 
 even though i 've promised her a hundred times that that phase is over , she 's still terrified of losing me to it again . 
 i ca n't blame her . 
 that 's why i 'm surprised by her next words . 
 `` you should take it , kacey . '' 
 my head cocks to the side as i regard her . 
 she shrugs . 
 `` if you 're serving them , you can cut them off , right ? '' 
 `` right . '' 
 i nod slowly , processing that logic . 
 livie always finds the good in things . 
 i steal a glance at storm to see her intently focused on stirring her tomato sauce . 
 i know she must have heard that . 
 she 's got to be wondering what dark skeletons these two neighbors of hers have in their closet . 
 as usual , she has the decency not to pry . 
 `` and there 's good money in tips from what i hear , '' livie adds . 
 `` maybe i can get fake id and get a job there too ! '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 storm and i shout in unison and share a silent look . 
 a look that says this is good enough for us , but not for livie . 
 she 's too good for this world . 
 `` mommy ? 
 are you working tonight ? '' 
 mia 's tiny voice chirps up , delaying more of livie 's questions . 
 storm smiles sadly at her daughter . 
 `` yes , honey bear . '' 
 it has to be hard , leaving her six nights in a row . 
 `` can i stay with livie ? 
 please , mommy ? '' 
 mia holds her hands together in front of her as if she 's praying . 
 `` oh , i do n't know . 
 mia . 
 i think you 've monopolized enough of livie 's time today , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` but , noooo ... mommy ! ' 
 mia whines and stomps around the room in a circle , reminding everyone that she is only five years old . 
 she stops in a huff , throwing her arms around herself , and scowls . 
 `` i do n't like mrs. potterage ! '' 
 `` she 's a nice lady , mia , '' storm says with a sigh , like she 's said it a hundred times before . 
 to me she leans in and whispers , `` i do n't blame the poor kid . 
 potterage smokes like a burning oil field . 
 but i can usually rely on her for at least four nights a week . '' 
 `` i do n't mind at all , '' livie jumps in with a pat on mia 's back . 
 `` see mommy ? 
 livie says , yes ! '' 
 storm cringes . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 in fact , i 'm more than happy to watch her every night if you want , '' livie offers with complete seriousness . 
 `` oh , livie . 
 i work six days a week . 
 that 's a lot to ask of a fifteen year old . 
 you deserve to go out and party or , whatever fifteen year olds are doing these days . '' 
 livie 's already shaking her head . 
 `` no it 's not and i do n't mind . '' 
 she pinches mia 's cheek , as taken by the child as mia is of her . 
 `` i 'd love it . '' 
 there 's a long pause and storm swallows , considering it . 
 `` you 'd have to let me pay you for your time . 
 no more arguing . '' 
 livie 's hand waves dismissively . 
 `` yeah , fine . 
 whatever . 
 she 'll be asleep most of the time anyway and kacey will be at work with you , right ? 
 so at least i wo n't be alone . '' 
 all three turn to look at me hopefully . 
 i heave a loud sigh . 
 `` just drinks , right ? 
 i 'm not serving anyone ... anything else . '' 
 storm 's irises twinkle . 
 `` not unless you want to . '' 
 `` and i do n't have to wear anything revealing ? '' 
 `` well ... '' my head drops back and rolls from one side to the other . 
 `` here we go . '' 
 `` i was just going to say that you 'll make more money showing a bit of cle ** age than you will dressed as a mormon . 
 a lot more money . 
 i 'd show a teensy tiny bit of skin , if i were you . '' 
 i sigh again . 
 `` and i can quit if i do n't like it ? 
 no hard feelings ? '' 
 `` absolutely , kacey . 
 no hard feelings , '' storm asserts , holding a wooden spoon in front of her face as if she 's pledging . 
 a long pause , just enough to make storm squirm . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` great ! '' 
 storm throws her toned arms around me , oblivious that the contact is making my insides churn and the voice in my head scream . 
 she breaks away just as quickly and moves back to her pot of sauce , allowing me a chance to exhale . 
 `` you start tonight , by the way . '' 
 `` tonight . 
 fun . '' 
 i ca n't keep the sarcasm from my voice as butterflies start their mad dash around my belly , killing my appetite . 
 i hug my arms tight to my body , acknowledging that a club 's worth of new people means handshakes and questions about personal shit that are none of anyone 's business . 
 i 'm not ready for this . 
 i have n't prepared ... one ... two ... three ... four ... by the time i reach ten , i 'm freaking out . 
 stage three ~ resistance chapter four we pull up to penny 's palace in storm 's jeep just as the sun is dropping over the horizon . 
 storm does n't even have the thing in park before i jump out . 
 when she walks around to meet me on my side , it 's with a look i 'm long since used to-a mixture of surprise and concern . 
 she does n't comment though . 
 she does comment on me tugging at the short black skirt i borrowed from her . 
 `` stop fidgeting . '' 
 she swats my hand away . 
 `` i never would have taken you for the nervous type . '' 
 `` easy for you to say . 
 you 're ass is n't hanging out . 
 i ca n't believe i agreed to wear this band-aid . 
 i 'm going to bend over and show everyone my girl bits . '' 
 storm laughs . 
 `` of course you should wear that band-aid . 
 it shows those awesome legs of yours off . '' 
 `` it 's showing more than my legs , '' i mutter , giving it another tug to cover the bottom of my tattoo . 
 i 'm not ashamed of that . 
 i just do n't want to draw more attention to myself than necessary . 
 `` good lord ! 
 for such a tough act , you really are a big sissy girl , are n't you ? '' 
 she 's right . 
 i guess i 'm just out of my element here and it 's causing me to second-guess everything . 
 if this were the gym , i 'd have no problem in tiny shorts that hug my ass . 
 but this is n't the gym and i 'm not allowed to kick the crap out of anything here . 
 i c ** k my head to the side as i take in storm . 
 `` did you just call me a sissy girl ? '' 
 she does n't miss a beat . 
 `` did you just say ` girl bits ' ? 
 this is an adult club , not a day care . '' 
 `` i 'll try to remember that , '' i chuckle as we approach the solid black metal door with a tiny peep hole in it . 
 `` you look great , kacey . 
 seriously . '' 
 i try not to flinch as she pats my shoulder . 
 secretly , i have to admit that i do . 
 aside from the mini skirt , i 'm also wearing a charcoal striped halter top and several silver jewelry pieces , courtesy of storm 's collection . 
 she also helped me with my hair and make-up . 
 i look more than decent . 
 not a knock out standing next to storm with her turquoise dress and tanned skin and barbie doll curves , but decent all the same . 
 decent enough that i caught myself swaggering extra slow past 1d on my way out , hoping to catch trent 's face in the window . 
 then i realized what i was doing , and i ran the rest of the way to storm 's jeep , the voice inside my head scolding the snot out of me the entire way . 
 storm raps against the heavy door four times . 
 it flies open and my insides flip . 
 not many people intimidate me anymore . 
 the giant man with dark skin and bulging muscles who fills the doorway , as wide as he is tall , though ... i do n't care that i 'm cowering . 
 by the look of him , i would n't be surprised if he 's never smiled a day in his life . 
 he 's certainly never been a cute baby . 
 i 'm sure he simply materialized out of nothingness into the beast standing before me . 
 `` this is nate . 
 he 's the head bouncer and cain 's right hand man . 
 hey nate ! 
 this is my friend , kacey . '' 
 storm does n't wait for him to respond . 
 she simply pushes past him , her hand giving his solid abdomen a soft punch on the way in . 
 `` hi , '' he says . 
 the tiny word rumbles deep inside me , his voice like thunder and i nod , temporarily mute . 
 he steps back to give me more space . 
 `` come in , please . '' 
 forcing bravado that i do n't feel , i jack my chin up and step inside . 
 storm leads me down a narrow hallway lined with liquor cases and silver kegs , smelling faintly of beer yeast . 
 dark memories rise with the scent . 
 memories of clubs and tequila shots off guys ' abdomens and white powder lines on tables in dark corners . 
 i quickly cram them back where they belong . 
 in the past . 
 `` here are the dressing rooms for the dancers ... '' storm 's index finger points to two closed doors . 
 `` i would n't go in there unless you want to see all kinds of ` girl bits . ' '' 
 with a teasing laugh , she continues . 
 we pass by a broad-shouldered , towering blond guy in a tight black t-shirt and black pants . 
 definitely another bouncer by his outfit but not as ominous-looking at nate . 
 he 's cute in that `` i 'm from wisconsin and i play football '' kind of way . 
 he reminds me of billy ... `` kacey , this is ben , '' storm introduces us . 
 `` hey , kacey , '' he grins and then his head cocks as if he suddenly recognizes me . 
 `` hey , were n't you at the breaking point the other day ? '' 
 i look him over . 
 i do n't remember him , but , then again , i do n't pay any heed to the guys there . 
 `` maybe . 
 i just joined . '' 
 he nods slowly . 
 `` yeah , that was definitely you . '' 
 his eyes do a full shameless intake of my body . 
 `` you 're incredible . 
 do you compete ? '' 
 i brush off the compliment . 
 `` nah , it 's just for fun . '' 
 the truth is i 'd love to complete , but it 's too dangerous for me , given my injuries . 
 one hit to the wrong place will cause serious damage to all the work those surgeons did years ago to put me back together . 
 i 'm not about to tell ben any of that though . 
 `` first night at penny 's ? '' 
 he asks , leaning one forearm against a door frame . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 a lusty gaze wanders over my frame again . 
 `` bartending only , '' i add , crossing my arms over my chest , emphasizing the ` only . ' 
 his attention skates back up to my face and he smirks . 
 `` yeah , i 've heard that before . '' 
 `` and you 'll hear it again from me every time you ask , '' i throw back coolly . 
 what a pompous ass . 
 he needs a good kick to the head to wipe that smirk off his mouth . 
 maybe i 'll ask him to spar next time i 'm at the gym . 
 storm ushers me forward past him , hollering over her shoulder , `` see ya later , ben . '' 
 she knocks on a door with a sign that reads bossman . 
 there 's a caricature of a naked woman sitting spread eagle and a pair of black lace thong underwear tacked on beside . 
 how fitting . 
 `` and here 's cain 's office . 
 do n't worry . 
 you 'll fit in here , '' she whispers as she pushes through the door . 
 i give the back of her head an arched brow . 
 she thinks she knows me . 
 she thinks i 'll fit in with silicone and booze and vajayjays or whatever i 'm supposed to call them . 
 i 'm second-guessing how smart storm really is . 
 `` come in ! '' 
 a harsh voice calls out and my back tenses up . 
 inside is a small office with floor to ceiling shelves on all four walls , lined with more cases of booze . 
 tons and tons of booze . 
 on the back wall is something that looks like a weird chemistry experiment-a bunch of upside down liquor bottles with a mess of hoses flowing from their spouts , down into the floor . 
 my nose catches a faint scent of cigar smoke , cedar , and whiskey lingering in the air . 
 `` that 's the bar well , '' storm explains in a whisper . 
 `` all the basic liquor . 
 it controls how much goes out . 
 you hit a button behind the bar and it gives you one ounce . 
 you hit it twice , two ounces , not rocket science . '' 
 `` so i ca n't reenact my favorite scenes from cocktail ? '' 
 i mumble , picturing twirling bottles like a baton . 
 storm chuckles . 
 `` you can , but it will be with the pricey bottles on the shelf and they cost a lot when you break them . '' 
 a man with slick black hair and a navy dress shirt sits behind a giant mahogany desk with his back to us . 
 cain , i presume . 
 he 's on the phone with what sounds like the beer distributor . 
 by the way he barks out ` yes ' and ` no , ' i 'd say he 's not happy . 
 he slams the phone down and spins around and i prepare myself for a painful conversation . 
 but then his coffee-colored irises settle on storm and they instantly warm . 
 he 's a younger man-early thirties-with attractive features and a sense of style . 
 definitely good-looking by anyone 's standards . 
 but he 's a strip club owner and that equals dirt bag in my book . 
 `` hello , angel , '' he drawls , giving storm a slow once-over . 
 the hairs on the back of my neck prickle . 
 i 'm not going to like this guy . 
 not . 
 one . 
 bit . 
 storm ignores the leer . 
 or maybe she enjoys it . 
 frankly , i have no idea . 
 i do n't know her well enough either . 
 `` hey , cain . '' 
 she cocks her head toward me . 
 `` this is my friend , kacey . 
 for the bartender position ? '' 
 my gut tenses as those dark irises turn to appraise me but it only lasts for half a second . 
 he bolts out of his chair and strides around the desk , extending his hand with a professional air . 
 `` hi kacey . 
 i 'm cain , the owner of penny 's . 
 pleased to meet you . '' 
 and here 's where my little phobia makes life so damn awkward . 
 i ca n't get around shaking the boss 's hand when he offers it to me . 
 not unless i tear out of here right now but then i 'm out of a job . 
 one i 'm not sure i want , but a job nonetheless . 
 my only real choice is to grit my teeth and hope i do n't pass out from an anxiety attack when his fingers curl around my own , shoving me back into that dark place i keep trying to crawl out from . 
 i look at him , i look at his hand , i look at storm . 
 but most of all , i hear livie 's voice saying try . 
 i reach out ... black spots fill my vision as his bones and muscles and gristle wrap around my hand and squeezes . 
 my other hand blindly paws the air for support and i make contact with storm 's elbow . 
 i grab onto it . 
 i 'm going to pass out . 
 i 'm going to keel over right here on this floor and do the funky chicken like an idiot . 
 nate the gargantuan will drag me out while cain hollers , `` thanks , but no thanks , nut job '' and then i 'll be back to starbucks and livie will have to eat cat food and ... `` storm 's told me a lot about you . '' 
 with a start , i realize cain has let go of my hand . 
 my lungs deflate . 
 `` has she now ? '' 
 i say in a shaky voice , stealing a glance at storm he smiles warmly . 
 `` yes . 
 she said you 've helped her out a lot . 
 you 're smart and you 're in need of a job . 
 you 're stunningly beautiful . 
 i can see that now , firsthand . '' 
 i choke , my tongue disappearing into the back of my throat . 
 `` have you ever worked in an adult establishment ? '' 
 `` uh ... no ... sir , '' i answer and silently pray to god that storm has n't told him otherwise . 
 i do n't know why , but i find suddenly that i want to impress cain . 
 he carries an authoritative air to him , like he 's much older and wiser than his appearance suggests , like he 's a caring human rather than unscrupulous strip club owner . 
 my answer does n't seem to bother him . 
 `` one of my bartenders is pregnant . 
 she and i both agree that a gentleman 's club is n't the best place for her so ... how many nights can you commit to ? '' 
 i look at storm and shrug . 
 `` all of them ? '' 
 cain 's head tips back as he laughs whole-heartedly , revealing a tattoo beneath his left ear . 
 it reads , ` penny . ' 
 she must be someone special if he named his club after her and tattooed her name on himself . 
 `` do n't sign your life away , sweetheart . 
 five or six nights will do . '' 
 his eyes skim my arms now , skittering over the white scar snaking down the outside of my shoulder , and i silently chastise myself for not covering them . 
 they probably frown upon disfigured women working in adult clubs . 
 `` you have a fighter 's body , '' he says instead . 
 `` no fighting . 
 just staying fit , '' i answer quickly . 
 he nods slowly . 
 that seems to impress him . 
 `` good . 
 i like a woman who can take care of herself . '' 
 he settles behind his desk again , saying , `` you 'll train kacey , right , storm ? '' 
 storm is grinning ear to ear . 
 `` yes , cain . '' 
 he looks up at her again , and i see the look for what it truly is . 
 adoration , not lusty animalism . 
 like he worships her . 
 i wonder if they 've slept together . 
 i wonder if he sleeps with all his staff . 
 i 'm sure he could if he wanted to . 
 will he try to sleep with me ? 
 i do n't have time to think about it anymore because storm leads me out the door in a daze . 
 `` come on . 
 we 're opening soon . 
 i need to get you comfortable . '' 
 *** the night goes by in a blur . 
 storm and i work the main bar together-storm on the more complicated drinks , me on beer and straight shots while she teaches me the basics . 
 the place is nothing like i expected . 
 it 's huge and three stories high in the center with a low ceiling around the perimeter , allowing sleek alcoves for the bars , shiny black high top tables , and a hallway to the v.i.p. rooms . 
 apparently cain is strict about what happens back there . 
 nothing illegal , he tells all the girls . 
 `` i do n't go back there , '' storm says with a serious look that says `` do n't go back there , kacey . '' 
 on a raised stage in the center , the girls dance . 
 there are three dancing at all times , each with their own little stage jutting off the main one to accommodate the group of leering men in front row . 
 a blue light shines down over the entire space , creating a mystical ambience . 
 the rest of the place is dark , the air heady with booze and testosterone and lust . 
 music throbs through my body , its beat guiding the dancers every move on stage . 
 storm and i joke and chatter casually back and forth as we serve , and i ca n't help but start to relax around her . 
 the place is busy , but people are n't climbing over each other at the bar to get a drink like the night clubs i 've been to . 
 she introduces me to three girls who she promises me i 'll like . 
 ginger , layla , and penelope . 
 they 're all drop dead gorgeous , giggly , and friendly . 
 everyone there seems to be gorgeous , giggly , and friendly , and i ca n't help but wonder for the hundredth time why storm would think i 'll fit in here . 
 but i say nothing , nodding to them all , making sure i 've got two full hands so i avoid all contact . 
 no one seems to notice . 
 i get a bunch of `` new girl '' comments from customers who are obviously regulars , but i ignore them . 
 i keep my head down and i work hard so cain does n't have any reason to expand my job description to lap dances and v.i.p. room customer support . 
 i take orders , i make drinks , i collect money without touching anyone 's hand . 
 in that order . 
 still , i feel eyes on me-drifting over my curves , sizing me up , even with plenty of flesh to look at in this place . 
 asshats . 
 the bar is my fortress . 
 i am safe behind this half wall . 
 *** `` so , how are you making out so far ? '' 
 storm asks during a two minute lull late in the night . 
 `` think you can handle bartending in a strip club six nights a week ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` yeah , no big deal . 
 just a lot of boobs and ass cheeks and i avoid the stage so i do n't see ... '' my attention drifts to the stage where an asian girl wearing nothing but a piece of silver floss wraps her legs around her neck . 
 `` that ! '' 
 i jerk my head away . 
 `` how can she do it ? '' 
 `` that 's cherry . 
 she 's into hot yoga . '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` no , i do n't mean how . 
 i mean ... how ! '' 
 `` everyone 's got their price , '' is storm 's only response as she dispenses another round of jim beam . 
 `` i guess so , '' i mutter , silently wondering if storm has set a price . 
 `` okay , so now that you 're familiar with the bar , kacey , '' storm begins , `` you can start smiling any time . 
 you do know that if you smile at the customers , you 're likely to get bigger tips , right ? '' 
 i smirk . 
 `` why would me smiling make them give me more money when they can save it for the person humping their leg ? 
 are they idiots ? '' 
 `` just ... trust me . '' 
 she sighs patiently , moving back to serve a customer , hollering over her shoulder , `` you 're the shiny new red-haired toy and you 're forcing them to use their imagination . '' 
 great . 
 that 's what i want to be . 
 some guy 's wet dream . 
 to prove her wrong , i give the next three customers the widest grin my face can handle without splitting in half . 
 i even wink at one . 
 low and behold , the tips double . 
 hmmm . 
 maybe we 're on to something . 
 if only smiling was n't such a drain . 
 a middle-aged cowboy with an oversized hat and wrangler jeans leans forward over the bar , his mouth twisted like he 's chewing on a piece of straw , but there 's nothing there . 
 `` ai n't you a pretty sight , all toned and natural , '' he says , lingering too long on my cle ** age . 
 why , i do n't know . 
 i look like a ten year old boy next to every other female in this place . 
 when he sneers , i see that his teeth are stained yellowish brown by years of tobacco . 
 i swallow my revulsion and force a smile . 
 `` what can i get you tonight , sir ? '' 
 `` how ` bout a tom collins and a private show ? '' 
 `` one tom collins coming up . 
 i 'm fresh out of private shows . '' 
 i keep my smile , all the while my level of annoyance climbs , anxious to get rid of this guy . 
 when i slide the drink across the bar to him , and reach for the twenty dollar bill , his paw closes over my forearm , his fingers coarse and impolite . 
 he leans in and i catch a whiff of stale tobacco and booze on his breath . 
 `` how ` bout you take your break now and show me that tight ass of yours ? '' 
 `` i just bartend here , sir , '' i force through gritted teeth , my body shifting into defensive mode . 
 `` there are plenty of girls here who can give you what you want . '' 
 and i 'm not exaggerating . 
 everywhere i look i find ass cheeks and ni ** les and worse . 
 i played a lot of sports in high school so i 've seen my share of naked bodies in showers after games . 
 heck , i labeled jenny the `` grand rapids exhibitionist '' because she had no qualms with stripping down to buck in front of me . 
 this place is different though . 
 they 're wandering around , peddling their wares . 
 selling their bodies . 
 `` i got money ! 
 name your price . '' 
 `` you do n't have enough , trust me , '' i growl back , but i can tell he 's not listening , his other hand disappearing below the bar , likely to adjust his growing arousal . 
 i want to gag . 
 i imagine he 'll be rough when he finally corners a poor , desperate , and obviously blind woman . 
 `` i 'd let go if i were you ... sir . '' 
 from my peripherals , i see nate and ben 's looming frames moving in to save me . 
 the idea of that bothers me for some reason . 
 i do n't need them to protect me . 
 i do n't need anyone . 
 and i want to hurt this guy . 
 i half-lean , half-jump forward to hook my free hand around the cowboy 's sweaty neck . 
 i yank down hard and fast . 
 he grunts as his face slams against the bar . 
 i hold it there , my fingers digging into the base of his spine . 
 my heart is hammering against my ribs as blood rushes to my ears . 
 this feels good . 
 i feel alive . 
 `` how do ya like this tight ass now ? '' 
 i hiss . 
 nate 's hands slam over his shoulders and i hear his low rumble over the music as he drags the cowboy away , bleeding from a cut to his bottom lip . 
 `` you 'll have to leave now , sir . '' 
 the guy 's also got a bright red mark on his forehead . 
 definitely a bruise tomorrow . 
 he does n't resist though . 
 i doubt even the incredible hulk would resist nate . 
 ben hangs back to ask , `` you okay ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i assure him as storm sidles up to my side with a worried look . 
 my attention trails after nate and i cross glances with cain sitting at a table off to the side . 
 a sinking feeling settles over me . 
 he must have watched the entire scene unfold . 
 it dawns on me that maybe he does n't want his customers ' heads slammed against the bar . 
 maybe i just got my ass fired . 
 cain gives me a thumbs-up sign , and i release a huge sigh of relief . 
 `` i told you to smile , not get yourself into a bar fight , '' storm jokes , nudging me in the ribs . 
 `` he wanted a private show , '' i explain , my adrenaline still pumping blood through my body . 
 `` i gave him a public one instead . '' 
 ben leans forward , elbows resting over the bar , an impressed smirk on his face . 
 `` you sure know how to handle yourself . '' 
 `` i was raised by wolves . 
 had to fight for my food . '' 
 his head tilts back and a throaty laugh escapes . 
 `` sorry if i was a douche bag earlier . 
 i 'm just used to seeing pretty , fresh girls come in here and leave worn and jaded . 
 i hate it . '' 
 `` well then it 's your lucky day . 
 i 'm already jaded . '' 
 i give him the once over . 
 `` and maybe you should n't work in a strip club . '' 
 `` yeah , that 's what they tell me . 
 but the money 's too good and i 'm putting myself through law school . '' 
 he catches my raised brow and his grin widens . 
 `` did n't expect that , did you ? '' 
 `` you do n't give off lawyerly vibes . '' 
 ben turns his body and rests his elbows on the bar so he faces out into the crowd while he talks to me . 
 `` so i hear you just moved here ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 i busy myself with wiping the counter down and stacking freshly washed glasses . 
 `` you 're a big talker , are n't you ? '' 
 `` us fully-dressed girls have to work extra hard for our money . '' 
 his head falls back to look at me . 
 `` fair enough . 
 listen-next time you 're at the gym and i 'm there , come get me . 
 we can go a few rounds . '' 
 he saunters away , not waiting for my response . 
 oh , i 'll go a few rounds with you , but probably not the kind your crotch brain is offering . 
 i follow his movements , about to holler , `` you got it , lawyer boy ! '' 
 but the words die on my lips . 
 trent is sitting at a single top bar height table . 
 and he 's not watching the naked pretzel on the stage . 
 he 's watching me . 
 check that . 
 staring at me . 
 trent is here and he 's staring at me . 
 `` what the hell ... '' i grumble to no one in particular , ducking my head . 
 i ca n't deal with him and what he does to me now . 
 here . 
 tonight . 
 fuck ! 
 i sense a form step up to the bar and i cautiously look up . 
 it 's nate , thank god . 
 he 's back from the cowboy eviction already . 
 `` is that guy bothering you , kacey ? '' 
 i swallow . 
 `` nah . '' 
 yes , but not for the reasons you think . 
 `` you sure ? '' 
 he pivots his massive body to check the table . 
 trent 's still there , leaning his long body back into his chair , sipping on his straw , his focus now on cherry . 
 `` he 's been there for half an hour . 
 he 's been watching you . '' 
 `` he has ? '' 
 i squeak and then quickly add in a normal tone , `` he 's my neighbor . 
 it 's okay . '' 
 nate 's dark orbs wander the rest of the room , looking for grabby guys that he can toss out the door , no doubt . 
 `` you make sure you tell me if he bothers you , okay , kacey ? '' 
 when i do n't answer , he looks down at me again , that thunderous voice of his a little softer . 
 `` okay ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` yup , you got it , nate . '' 
 with a curt bob of his head , he wanders back to stand at his post like a sentry . 
 one who could rip a guy 's legs right out of their sockets if he sneezes too hard . 
 `` what was that about ? '' 
 storm sneaks up behind me . 
 `` oh , nothing . '' 
 my voice is still shaky and i ca n't get my tongue to work properly . 
 i hazard another glance over at trent . 
 he 's leaning into the table , toying with his straw , while mediterranean barbie-bella , i think she goes by-presses her scantily clad body against his thigh . 
 i watch as she gestures toward the v.i.p. room , her hand slipping over the back of his neck affectionately . 
 `` you okay ? 
 you look like you 're trying to choke someone . '' 
 she 's right , i realize , as i notice my fists wringing the dish cloth in my hand like it 's a neck . 
 it is someone 's neck right about now . 
 bella 's ... `` yeah , i 'm fine . '' 
 i toss the cloth down and hazard one more peek at trent , the same second his gorgeous blue eyes dart back to touch mine . 
 i jump . 
 he gives me that teasing smile that peels away my defenses , leaving me as naked as the dancers on stage . 
 why does he affect me so ? 
 it 's unnerving ! 
 `` uh , that 's not ` nothing , ' kacey . 
 are you looking at that guy ? 
 who is that ? '' 
 she leans over my shoulder to catch my line of sight . 
 `` is n't that - '' my hand goes up to gently shove her face back . 
 `` turnaround ! 
 now he knows we 're talking about him . '' 
 storm doubles over , laughing . 
 `` kacey 's got a crush , '' she sings . 
 `` our neighbor 's eye-humping you . 
 go and talk to him . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i growl back , throwing my best set of icy eye daggers at her . 
 she ducks her head and busies herself by clearing glasses off the bar . 
 i can tell she 's stung by the venom in my tone . 
 guilt instantly swells inside me . 
 dammit , storm ! 
 i struggle to ignore trent 's table , but it 's like passing a train wreck . 
 it 's impossible not to look . 
 by the end of the night , i 'm exhausted and annoyed by the seismic waves of jealousy crashing into me as the parade of strippers visit his table , touching him , giggling , one of them sliding up onto his lap to talk . 
 my only relief comes from the fact that trent politely declines them all . 
 *** reaching into her purse that sits between us in the console , storm tosses a thick envelope on my lap . 
 without much thought , i tear it open and flip through the bills . 
 `` holy shit ! 
 there 's got to be , like ... '' `` i told you so ! '' 
 she sings , adding with a wink , `` now imagine what you 'd make if you got up on stage . '' 
 there had to be five hundred dollars in here ! 
 easy ! 
 `` you 've been working at penny 's for ... four years you said ? 
 why are you still on jackson drive ? 
 you could have bought a house ! '' 
 she sighs . 
 `` i was married for a year to mia 's father . 
 i had to claim bankruptcy after i left him because he racked up so much debt . 
 no bank 's going to give me a mortgage now . '' 
 `` he sounds like a real ... jackhole . '' 
 i shift in my seat , uncomfortable for more than the fact that we 're in her jeep . 
 storm is getting into her private life and my defenses naturally go up . 
 when people share , they expect you to reciprocate . 
 `` you do n't know the half of it , '' she murmurs , her voice drifting off . 
 `` it was n't so bad in the beginning . 
 i was sixteen when i met damon . 
 i got pregnant and he got into drugs . 
 we needed money bad so i started working for cain after mia was born . 
 damon said i had to get these if i wanted to make any real money , '' she gestures at her br ** sts . 
 `` of course i was stupid enough to agree . '' 
 a rare spike of bitterness laces her words . 
 `` it hurt like hell . 
 that 's the only reason i have n't gone back to get them reduced . 
 i swear , the thing girls will do when they 're blind to love . '' 
 `` so when did you finally decide to leave him ? '' 
 i ask before i can stop myself . 
 `` the second time he kicked the crap out of me . '' 
 she says it so matter of fact that i 'm sure i misheard her . 
 `` oh ... i 'm sorry , storm . '' 
 and i am . 
 the idea of someone hitting storm instantly gets my hackles raised . 
 `` the first time , i lied to everyone . 
 told them i ran into a wall . '' 
 she snorts . 
 `` they did n't buy it , but they let me live in my little delusion . 
 but the second time ... '' she exhales heavily . 
 `` i came in to work with a fat lip and a bloody nose . 
 cain and nate drove me right back home and stood over me while i packed mia 's and my things . 
 damon came in as we were walking out the door . 
 nate roughed him up a bit . 
 warned him if he ever comes near me or mia again , he 'll be peeing through a straw . 
 and you 've seen nate . '' 
 storm gives me a wide-eyed look . 
 `` he can do it . '' 
 she pulls into her parking spot outside our building and shuts the jeep off . 
 `` cain set me up with the apartment and i 've been here ever since , hoarding all my money until i have enough to buy a house with cash . 
 if all goes well , i 'll be out of the club scene for good in another two or three years . '' 
 she adds softly , `` and my parents do n't have to be ashamed of me anymore . '' 
 i snort . 
 `` tell me about it . 
 my parents would be rolling in their graves if they knew where i 'm working ... '' my voice drifts off into an awkward silence , mentally chastising myself for bringing them up . 
 `` hey , kacey ? '' 
 there 's that cautious , nervous storm voice again and my shoulders tense . 
 i know exactly where this is going . 
 `` look , i 've pieced together a few things-your parents are dead , i think it has something to do with alcohol ... you have a lot of scars . 
 you do n't like people touching your hands ... '' i do n't let her finish . 
 i open the door and rush out . 
 i decide that storm is brilliant . 
 a regular f ** king rocket scientist . 
 chapter five `` air conditioning ! '' 
 i moan , peeling my sheets from my sweaty body . 
 we need real friggin ' curtains , i think to myself , as i glare at the airy scraps hanging in front of the window . 
 they do nothing to stop the sun from beating in . 
 we have n't had air conditioning since before my parents died . 
 aunt darla did n't believe in paying for cool air when there are starving kids in the world . 
 or husbands with gambling problems . 
 now that we live in miami , i do n't know how it 's not illegal . 
 livie and mia are in the kitchen , humming ` pop goes the weasel ' as they empty a brown bags ' worth of groceries . 
 `` good afternoon ! '' 
 livie sings when she sees me . 
 `` good afternoon ! '' 
 mia echoes . 
 i check the clock . 
 almost one . 
 they 're right . 
 it is afternoon . 
 i have n't slept in that late in forever . 
 `` i picked up food . 
 there 's money on the counter there . '' 
 livie 's chin directs me to a small pile of bills . 
 `` i had to argue storm down to half of what she wanted to pay me . '' 
 i smile . 
 storm swears she 's found her angels . 
 i 'm sure that we 've found ours . 
 i need to cut my bullshit with her , i decide , then and there . 
 i do n't know how , but i need to . 
 strolling over to grab the money from my purse , i slap the thick envelope onto the table . 
 `` bam ! 
 take that ! '' 
 `` holy sh ... '' livie 's wide eyes pass from the stack of money to mia 's curious face '' ... shnikies ! 
 you just served drinks ... right ? '' 
 so livie figured it out on her own . 
 i c ** k my head and narrow my eyes , pausing for effect as if i 'm in deep thought . 
 `` define serving drinks . '' 
 i chuckle as i pull out the oj from the fridge and chug straight from the bottle , feeling her glower at my back . 
 `` i 'm kidding ! 
 yes , just drinks . 
 and an ass sandwich for one lucky grabber . '' 
 mia 's brows spike and i wince , mouthing `` sorry '' to a scowling livie . 
 it 's quickly forgotten though as she flips through the wad of money with her thumb . 
 `` holy cow . '' 
 `` i know , right ? '' 
 i know i have a stupid grin on my face and i do n't care . 
 this might work . 
 we might survive . 
 we might not have to eat cat food . 
 livie looks up with a secretive smile . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she pauses , then , `` nothing i just ... you 're giddy . '' 
 she bites into a baby carrot . 
 `` it 's nice . '' 
 mia mimics her , scrunching her nose like a rabbit as she chews . 
 `` it 's nice , '' she parrots . 
 i steal one from the bag , smash a giant kiss on livie 's cheek , and then swagger toward the bathroom . 
 `` i 'll be in the shower while you count all our money . 
 and remind me to phone starbucks and quit , okay ? '' 
 there 's no way i 'm going back to minimum wage . 
 no way in hell . 
 *** i do n't care that there 's no pressure . 
 i do n't care that the water has a funky chlorinated scent to it . 
 i simply close my eyes and massage a thick layer of shampoo into my scalp , inhaling its rosy fragrance . 
 for the first time since stealing off into the night with livie , i think i can do this . 
 i can take care of us . 
 i 'm old enough , strong enough , smart enough . 
 my issues wo n't hold us back . 
 everything will be alright . 
 we 'll come out of it clean and strong and ... an odd soft rattling sound pulls me from my revelry . 
 cracking a lid , i spot red , black , and white stripes coiled around the pipe above the shower head . 
 two beady little eyes stare intently at me . 
 it takes a whole second for me to scream . 
 once i do , i ca n't stop . 
 scrambling backward to slam against the opposite wall , i do n't know how i manage to stay upright , but i do . 
 the snake does n't move . 
 it sits in the exact same spot , shaking its tail and staring at me . 
 like its deciding how it 'll fit its jaws around my head to swallow me whole . 
 i continue shrieking as i hear livie 's panicked voice behind the door , but it does n't register . 
 her pounding does n't register . 
 nothing registers . 
 suddenly there 's a loud crack and sound of wood splintering . 
 `` kacey ! '' 
 livie shrieks as a set of strong arms swoop in to pull me out . 
 a towel quickly lands on me and i 'm being whisked out of the bathroom and into my bedroom . 
 `` i hate snakes . 
 i hate snakes . 
 fuck ! 
 i hate snakes ! '' 
 i repeat over and over again to no one and everyone . 
 a hand smooths my hair . 
 not until my heart rate slows to a semi-normal range and i stop shaking am i able to focus on my surroundings . 
 on trent 's furrowed brow and the flecks of turquoise in his irises . 
 i 'm in his arms . 
 naked and sitting on trent 's lap , in his arms . 
 my heart rate ramps back up to a dangerous level as i appreciate this new situation . 
 his shirt is soaked and covered in my shampoo . 
 i can feel the warm skin of his forearms against my bare back and under my knees as he holds me tight to him . 
 all vital body parts are completely covered from view with a towel , but i ca n't be any more naked than i am at that moment . 
 livie storms in , eyes blazing . 
 `` who do you think you are , barging in here ? '' 
 she screams , her face as red as my hair , looking ready to claw trent 's face off . 
 `` trent . 
 this is trent . '' 
 i answer . 
 `` it 's okay , livie . 
 there 's ... there 's a rattlesnake in the shower . '' 
 i shudder involuntarily . 
 `` get mia out of here before it eats her . 
 and get tanner here . 
 now livie ! '' 
 livie 's attention passes from me to trent and back to me , drifting down to my bed . 
 she does n't want to leave me , i can see that . 
 but finally she decides something and nods . 
 she closes the door behind her . 
 trent pulls me tight against him until i feel his chest 's hard ridges pressed against my arm . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 he whispers , his mouth so close that his bottom lip grazes my ear . 
 i shudder again . 
 `` i 'm fantastic , '' i whisper , adding , `` aside from almost dying . '' 
 `` i heard you screaming from next door . 
 i thought someone was killing you . '' 
 `` not someone . 
 something ! 
 did you see it ? '' 
 one arm flies out , gesturing toward the bathroom , while the other fusses to keep my towel up to cover my br ** sts . 
 `` i was two seconds away from behind eaten alive ! '' 
 now trent starts to chuckle-a soft , beautiful sound that vibrates through my body and warms my core . 
 `` i think that 's lenny . 
 2b 's pet snake . 
 i saw a little bald man checking the bushes in the commons this morning , calling its name . '' 
 `` pet ? '' 
 i spit out the word as i sit up straight . 
 `` that man eater is someone 's pet ? 
 is n't there a law against owning rattlers ? '' 
 trent 's blue eyes roam my face as he smirks , settling on my lips . 
 `` it 's a milk snake . 
 from what i know , the only thing it 's going to eat is a mouse . '' 
 he 's so close to me now that his breath caresses my cheek . 
 with my body pressed to him , i feel his heart beat hammering fast against my shoulder , rivaling my own . 
 he can feel this too . 
 it 's not just me . 
 he lifts a hand to cup my chin . 
 `` no one 's going to hurt you , kacey . '' 
 i do n't know if it 's the stress of the situation , or this sizzling burn inside my belly that flares whenever trent 's around , or an uncontainable internal beast repressed for too long , but this whole situation has gone from terrifying to freaking hot in a split second . 
 i ca n't help myself . 
 i crash into trent 's mouth , my hand fisting the front of his shirt , snapping several buttons with no effort as i force myself onto him . 
 there 's a second of resistance-just a second where his mouth and body does n't respond-but it quickly dissolves . 
 his arm slides out from my knees to grip my side , scorching my bare skin . 
 it 's him that deepens the kiss , slipping his tongue into my mouth , one hand working its way through my shampoo-coated hair , gripping a handful at the nap of my neck tightly . 
 he forces my head back as his tongue connects with mine , his mouth sweet and fresh . 
 he 's strong , that much i can sense . 
 if i wanted to , i do n't think i could fight him off . 
 but i do n't want to . 
 not one bit . 
 without breaking his connection to my mouth , trent somehow shifts me onto my back and now he 's hovering over me on my bed , our torsos flattened against each other , my inner thighs hugging his hips while his forearms keep his full weight off my body . 
 i do n't know what 's happening , what i 'm doing , what has taken over all rational thought , but i know i do n't want it to stop . 
 every fiber of my body is craving it . 
 craving trent . 
 i feel like i 've come up for my first gasp of air after being under water for years . 
 unfortunately , it does stop . 
 abruptly . 
 he breaks free and pulls away , panting as he gazes down at me with an incredulous look . 
 his eyes never leave mine , not to wander for even a second . 
 if they did , he 'd see that my towel has slid off and i 'm lying underneath him , stark naked . 
 body and soul . 
 `` this is n't why i pulled you out of the shower , '' he whispers . 
 i swallow , searching for my voice . 
 the one i find is hoarse . 
 `` no , but it 's worked out rather well for you , has n't it ? '' 
 he gives me that lop-sided smile that makes my body heat up like someone 's taken a blowtorch to it . 
 but then his eyes cool , searching my face . 
 `` is n't it exhausting ? '' 
 the pad of his thumb strokes my neck softly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` keeping people out . '' 
 `` i 'm not , '' i deny quickly , my voice faltering in betrayal as his words punch me in the gut . 
 how can he see what i do n't want him to see , what i work so hard to conceal ? 
 he 's found a way in , that 's how . 
 like a trespasser , he 's invaded my space , breaching security and sliding in to take what i have n't offered to him . 
 the fire he 's able to elicit in my body so easily still burns , only now i find the need to battle against the consuming flames . 
 `` i do n't want this . 
 i do n't want you . '' 
 the words taste acrid in my mouth because i know i do n't mean them . 
 i do want this . 
 i do want you , trent . 
 trent crashes in to my mouth , and my treacherous body leans forward , exposing me for the liar that i am . 
 but he keeps his hands on either side of my head now , clenching my pillow tightly as if he 's trying to maintain control . 
 i , on the other hand , have lost all control , i realize , as my fingers slide under his shirt to claw at his back , as my legs wrap around him . 
 `` you do n't want this , kacey ? '' 
 he growls in my ear , pressing his erection against me . 
 `` no ... '' i whisper , my lips trailing his neck . 
 then i begin to laugh at myself , at my stubbornness . 
 at how ridiculous i must look right now , my body writhing against his . 
 that little bit of laugher is like a lifeline thrown out to me . 
 i seize it and let it drag me back from the brink . 
 tearing my mouth from his neck , i growl , `` get out . '' 
 he lays three more light kisses on my jawline and then softly grazes my cheek with his knuckles . 
 `` okay , kacey . '' 
 he climbs off me and stands . 
 i inhale sharply as his eyes draw in the length of my body with a hungry , dark look . 
 it only lasts a second , but it unleashes a need deep in my lower belly . 
 he turns around and heads to the door . 
 `` i 'll take the heat for the doors from tanner . '' 
 `` doors ? '' 
 plural ? 
 he still has n't turned around . 
 `` yeah . 
 your front door and the bathroom door . 
 if he 's going to boot someone out , i 'll make sure it 's me . '' 
 and then he 's gone . 
 dammit ! 
 that guy is the dictionary definition of a contradiction . 
 he skates between nice guy and bad boy so fluidly , i never seem to catch the transition . 
 it would be easier if he was a pigheaded player , but here he is , breaking down doors to save me from snakes . 
 i , on the other hand , go from bitch to sexual attacker and back to bitch in three heart beats and he just flashes those damn dimples . 
 i guess i 'm not much better in terms of a contradiction . 
 when i finally emerge from my room fifteen minutes later , our apartment has been invaded . 
 livie 's in the kitchen , standing next to a sexy disheveled storm with a crying five year old in her arms . 
 clearly my screams yanked storm out of a dead sleep because she 's wearing nothing but a tank and thong . 
 a police officer is interviewing a short balding man with the perpetrator coiled around his wrist . 
 i shiver . 
 lenny , i presume . 
 trent 's right . 
 now that i see the thing , it 's not nearly as big as i first thought . 
 still , i fold my arms across my chest protectively , feeling its beady little eyes sizing me up . 
 tanner hovers beside the busted front door , scratching the back of his head as if confused by the splinters of wood . 
 i have to admit , i 'm more than a little impressed . 
 trent 's a big guy , but i would n't bet money that he could break through not one , but two doors to save me . 
 that little bit of knowledge makes the guilt over kicking him out of my room churn faster . 
 trent stands quietly beside him , his hands in his back pockets as he looks down at the mess . 
 his shirt is half undone where i tore the buttons , drenched and clinging to a sculpted chest . 
 even with present company , that sight makes my mouth dry up . 
 storm 's the first to run to me after handing mia off to livie . 
 she throws her arms around my neck . 
 i still flinch , but not as bad as i did the first time she did it . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 if my leaving her in the car last night bothers her , i ca n't tell . 
 over her shoulder , i watch the officer and the little bald man 's eyes bug out , riveted to storm 's ass . 
 the officer , at least , has the decency to flush and avert his attention to a worn spot on the linoleum . 
 the bald man , on the other hand , does n't ; his grin widening . 
 `` i 'll be better after i go punch that guy in the nose , '' i say loudly enough for him to hear me . 
 he looks away , caught red-handed . 
 `` that 's pervie pete , '' she whispers , cringing as she stretches the back of her shirt down to cover her bare backside . 
 it 's futile . 
 the shirt 's too short and her thong is too revealing . 
 `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 she scurries out . 
 tanner looks up from the splintered mess . 
 `` oh , hey , kerry . '' 
 kerry ? 
 my brow arches severely . 
 `` hey ... larry ! 
 how 's it going ? '' 
 livie tries to muffle her snort with her hand . 
 at first tanner looks confused , but then a toothy grin stretches across his face . 
 `` kacey , '' he corrects himself . 
 `` sorry ... kacey . '' 
 the police officer patiently scratches down notes on a pad as we replay the entire incident while taking frequent breaks to stare at storm now that she 's dressed . 
 at the end , he gives mia a sheriff badge sticker which makes her grin from ear to ear . 
 pervie pete apologizes profusely and takes lenny back to his cage , swearing to a stern tanner that he 'll double check to make sure the cage is secured well . 
 the officer asks me if i want to press charges against trent and i glare at him like he 's grown an arm out of his ass . 
 when the officer leaves-not before giving storm a long , appreciative smile-tanner and trent are still staring at the two broken doors . 
 `` i understand that this was an emergency , but ... er ... i need to get this fixed and perv - '' tanner clears his voice , `` peter will take a while to come up with the money . 
 i doubt these gals have insurance ... '' tanner reaches into his back pocket to pull out his wallet . 
 `` i 've got , um , a hundred bucks i can throw in . '' 
 my jaw drops . 
 what ? 
 i 'm expecting a tirade and eviction notice and here tanner is , offering to pay for our door ? 
 livie , storm , and i share a look of shock . 
 before i can get a word in though , trent 's handing tanner a fistful of money from his wallet . 
 `` here . 
 this should cover it . '' 
 tanner takes it with a nod , and then exits without another word , leaving us all speechless . 
 trent walks over to livie and thrusts out a hand . 
 `` hi , i 'm trent . 
 we have n't met formally . '' 
 whatever rage livie had running through her veins has extinguished , leaving her blushing and as awkward as a tittering twelve year old . 
 she shakes his hand quickly before recoiling as if she might get pregnant with the touch , her eyes avoiding anything to do with his half-open shirt and that gorgeous toned body underneath . 
 i grin inwardly . 
 my chaste livie . 
 trent introduces himself to storm next . 
 she blushes sweetly and an unwarranted stab of jealousy pricks me . 
 when he moves on to mia hiding behind storm 's legs , i catch storm 's exaggerated wink of approval . 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` and you must be princess mia ? 
 i 've heard about you . '' 
 her lips pucker and she leans out just a bit further from storm 's cover . 
 `` you have ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` well , i heard about a princess mia who likes ice cream . 
 that must be you , right ? '' 
 she nods slowly and whispers , `` did you hear that , mommy ? 
 people know i 'm a princess ! '' 
 everyone laughs . 
 everyone but me . 
 i 'm too busy fighting this internal battle inside that tells me i must resist this charm . 
 it 's all an act . 
 he 's no good for me . 
 actually , that 's not it at all , i hate to admit . 
 the problem is that i know he 's too good for me . 
 trent stands up to face me . 
 `` you going to be okay ? '' 
 always so concerned about me . 
 i nod , my arms folding over my chest as i look down at my robe , fidgeting awkwardly under that scrutinizing gaze of his , remembering the feel of his body pressed against mine . 
 and that he pulled me from the shower , buck naked and cowering . 
 all kinds of humiliation roils through me now . 
 i 'm not sure if my discomfort registers with trent , but he takes a few steps back , his hand pushing back through his hair . 
 `` well , i 'll see you guys around . '' 
 he winks at me . 
 `` need to wash off all this soap . 
 i hope my shower is n't as eventful . '' 
 `` yeah ... '' i mumble , feeling stupid , following his body move , quickly plotting how i can plant something in his shower so i have an excuse to bust down his door and jump in to save him . 
 not a snake . 
 he does n't seem to be afraid of snakes . 
 maybe a gator . 
 yeah , there 're lots of those in florida . 
 just a quick trip to the everglades , i 'll find one , trap it , bring it back - `` kacey ? '' 
 i snap back to the present with storm 's voice , her brow arched as she looks at me , smirking . 
 i 've obviously missed a question . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure trent would love to have dinner with us as a thank you . '' 
 i see the gleam in her eye . 
 she 's playing match maker . 
 i do n't like it . 
 trent does n't want this mess . 
 `` do whatever you want . 
 i 'll be at the gym , '' i answer and my tone is an arctic breeze , freezing any mirth in the room . 
 i spin on my heels and stalk back into my room before anyone can get a word in edgewise . 
 and i hate myself . 
 *** the breaking point is quieter than usual for late-afternoon , but i 'm okay with that . 
 i 'm still reeling from today 's snake excitement . 
 and trent . 
 i need my nice , quiet routine . 
 i quickly stretch and get ready to start my rounds on the bag . 
 `` hey , red ! '' 
 ben 's voice booms from behind . 
 dammit . 
 i turn to catch him just as his attention shifts up from my ass . 
 `` ben . '' 
 he strides around and grabs my bag for me . 
 `` you need a spotter ? '' 
 `` i guess i 'm getting one either way , are n't i ? '' 
 i grumble . 
 but then his sly smirk makes me laugh for some reason , releasing the tension in my body . 
 `` do you know what you 're doing ? '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` i 'm sure you can teach me . '' 
 then he flashes that grin again , as he adds , `` i prefer being in control but for you i can ... '' ben 's jabbering away with layers of innuendos and i stop listening . 
 just to teach him a lesson , i surprise him with a roundhouse kick . 
 he grunts as the bag slams into his hip . 
 `` consider that your first lesson . 
 shut up . 
 do n't talk to me while i 'm working out . '' 
 for the next fifteen minutes , i pound away at the bag with jabs and kicks and ben does a half-decent job of shifting with the impact . 
 if he talks , i do n't hear him . 
 i 'm zoned in on the sequence that propels me forward , hammering again and again , releasing all that anger with each hit . 
 three idiots getting drunk one night . 
 three murderers taking my life from me . 
 one . 
 two . 
 three . 
 finally spent , i lean forward and support myself against my knees with my hands to catch my breath . 
 `` jeez , kace . '' 
 i look up to see astonishment on ben 's face . 
 `` i 've never seen someone so completely dialed during rounds . 
 you were like ivan drago . 
 he 's this russian who - '' i cut him off , reciting the line from rocky iv with a mock russian accent . 
 `` if he dies , he dies . '' 
 another of my dad 's favs . 
 ben 's head is bobbing , his brows arched with surprise . 
 `` you know that one . '' 
 `` who does n't ? '' 
 i ca n't help but chuckle again . 
 soon we 're both laughing and i 'm thinking ben is n't such a pompous ass after all . 
 that 's when a tall form walks past us and drops a sledge hammer down on my shields . 
 trent . 
 my laughter dies , all traces of ease vanishing . 
 grabbing my water bottle , i try to hide my reaction from ben by drawing a long swig , all the while watching trent as he drops his stuff to the ground beside a speed bag and tugs his sweatshirt over his head by the back collar . 
 what the f ** k is he doing here ? 
 in my gym ? 
 this is my ... holy ... a dribble of water runs down my chin and i wipe it away with my forearm , trying hard not to gape at the defined body that has emerged , covered only by a white tank . 
 he keeps his back to me without a glance in my direction and begins punching the speed bag with precision that surprises me . 
 as if he 's well-trained . 
 i watch for a moment , mesmerized and a little disappointed that he has n't acknowledged me , even though i do n't deserve his attention . 
 maybe he does n't know i 'm here . 
 i doubt that . 
 black ink curls peek out from the edges of his tank . 
 whatever the tattoo is , it spans the width of his upper back from shoulder blade to shoulder blade . 
 i 'd love to peel that shirt off and study his ink while he 's stretched out on my bed . 
 `` i think i 've seen that guy at penny 's , '' ben notes . 
 so he 's caught me staring at trent . 
 great . 
 `` you got something for him ? '' 
 i tease coolly . 
 `` no , but i hear someone does . '' 
 i ca n't miss the suggestive tone in his voice . 
 bloody storm . 
 `` he 's my neighbor . 
 that 's it . '' 
 `` you sure ? '' 
 `` yup . 
 i do n't have a thing for anyone . 
 including you . '' 
 i take a swing at my bag . 
 he smirks secretly . 
 `` are n't you gon na go over and say ` hi ' to your neighbor then ? '' 
 i answer with roundhouse kick . 
 ben finally takes the hint , diving in to secure the bag . 
 he does n't mention trent again . 
 i do my best to complete a second round but my head 's not in it anymore and it 's all because of that smexy guy on the other side of the room , pounding away on the punching bag . 
 as much as i try not to look , i find myself glancing over frequently . 
 this last time , i catch trent wiping the sweat from his brow with the bottom of his shirt , pulled up to reveal a perfect eight-pack . 
 i suck in a breath , temporarily paralyzed , my heart rate shoots through the roof , staring ... something sharp snaps across my ass . 
 `` ow ! '' 
 i scream and spin around to find ben with his towel and a devilish grin . 
 `` did you just snap my ass with your towel ? '' 
 i growl . 
 my anger does n't seem to faze him . 
 my punch to his ribs does . 
 he doubles over in pain , moaning . 
 `` hope it was worth it , ass ** le . '' 
 i stoop down to grab my things . 
 when i stand , i meet trent 's gaze head on . 
 his face is blank but his eyes ... even from this distance , i see a world of determination , hurt , and anger in them . 
 he knew i was here . 
 he knew all along . 
 after a long stare , trent turns his back to me and starts pounding on the bag again and suddenly i feel like i 'm the bag , that someone is pummeling me with guilt . 
 and pain . 
 i 'm actually hurting over trent . 
 i 've had enough . 
 i storm out to the women 's locker room without another word to ben . 
 for half an hour i sit on the wooden bench in that room-a tiny , dark dungeon with two shower stalls and little room to maneuver-and i fight to bury all these unwanted emotions clawing their way up the well . 
 why does he have to be out there ? 
 why this gym ? 
 is he stalking me ? 
 in reality , i know that this is the only specialized gym on this side of miami so if he 's a trained fighter , it makes sense that he ends up here . 
 still ... i 'm used to having things in control . 
 i fight to stay numb . 
 that 's how i get through each day and it 's worked well for me . 
 until now . 
 now trent has edged into my life and i ca n't focus . 
 my body is going haywire , i 'm battling this internal urge to push him away and hold him close , i 'm thinking about him far too often . 
 even the thought of him now kindles desire inside me that i have n't felt since my last random encounter more than two years ago . 
 only now it 's a million times more acute , more needy . 
 i rock forward and back , my forehead in my hands . 
 i do n't want this . 
 i do n't want this . 
 i do n't want this ... i hear a soft knock on the door . 
 hope gushes like water through a busted dam and i realize it 's because i want it to be trent . 
 i ca n't help myself . 
 i want it . 
 i want him . 
 please be ... a contrite-looking ben stands on the other side of the door , bowling me over with disappointment . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i probably hit you harder than i should have but you were off in lala land . '' 
 i do n't answer , adrenaline racing through my limbs , my heart racing , frustration pounding . 
 i look up into that face and see a sweet , genuine guy . 
 one that 's become appealing in this very moment . 
 right or wrong , destructive or not , i grab hold of ben 's shirt with two fists and haul him into the change room . 
 he does n't resist , though by his sluggish movements he 's not entirely sure what 's happening . 
 i shove him into the shower stall and snap the lock on the door behind me . 
 `` take your clothes off . 
 do n't touch my hands . '' 
 `` um , '' i can tell this is n't what ben expected . 
 hell , this is n't what i expected . 
 but i need to dislodge this trent problem and mindless sex with someone else ought to do it . 
 when ben does n't move , i seize his shirt and yank him down to my mouth . 
 he finally gets a clue . 
 his hands tug at the back of my tank as he pulls me against him , his tongue sliding into my mouth . 
 his kiss is sweet , but it 's not like ... no , stop it kacey . 
 you 're doing this to forget about trent . 
 just his name sets fireworks off inside my body . 
 `` kacey , '' ben moans , his hands travelling up to my shoulders and down , over my br ** sts , squeezing them as they pass . 
 he breaks long enough to yank my tank top over my head before he covers my mouth with his again . 
 it 's a confined space but he makes the most of it , lifting me onto the little bench against the wall so i 'm towering over him . 
 `` i did n't think you were in to me . '' 
 `` stop talking , '' i command as i shimmy my shorts and panties down . 
 his hand is instantly on my inner thigh and sliding up . 
 up . 
 until it 's exactly where i want it to be . 
 i lean back and close my eyes . 
 and imagine trent doing that . 
 ben does n't waste any time , dropping to his knees to following his hand with his mouth . 
 `` god , you 're sweet , '' he moans . 
 i briefly imagine fitting him with a muzzle to stop him from talking . 
 but then he 'd be no use to me . 
 and he really is of use to me right now . 
 right or wrong , it 's been so long since i allowed this or even wanted it . 
 i lean back and relax , taking from ben what i need . 
 it 's all working out well . 
 but then ben has to go and ruin it . 
 he does exactly what i told him not to . 
 he slides his hand into mine . 
 it 's instant shock , like i 've been plunged into a bath of ice water after sitting in a hot tub for an hour . 
 all pleasure disintegrates and i recoil from his mouth and his touch , shoving his face away from me . 
 `` dammit , ben . 
 just go . 
 now . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 confusion fills his face as he looks up at me , like i just admitted to a triple homicide while whisking a bowl of cake batter . 
 `` you touched my hands . 
 i told you not to . 
 leave . '' 
 he still does n't move , an incredulous smirk touching his mouth . 
 `` are you for real ? '' 
 i lean forward , unlatch the lock and shove ben out of the stall with the most prominent hard on through his shorts i 've seen in a while . 
 with him out , i latch the door again and crumble to the ground , hugging my knees to my body . 
 that did n't help after all . 
 in fact , that made things a thousand times worse . 
 nausea churns inside me . 
 how could i be so selfish ? 
 ben 's going to hate me now . 
 what 's more , now that that intense sex haze has worn off , i actually feel embarrassed for doing that to him . 
 i 've never felt guilty over my exploits . 
 and ... i gasp out loud . 
 what if trent hears about this ? 
 ohmigod . 
 my forehead drops against my knees . 
 i care . 
 i care what trent thinks . 
 i care if it bothers him . 
 i just ... care . 
 and no matter what i do , i 'm not going to be able to shake that . 
 not with random sex , or being a bitch , or any of the other dozen cruel methods i use to try and push him away . 
 somehow he 's managed to slide a finger in under my titanium coat and touch me in a way that no one else has ever touched me . 
 chapter six bar well shots are two for one at penny 's tonight so the place is hopping , keeping storm and i on our toes all night to the point where my body wears a thin sheen of sweat . 
 cain has managed to find nate 's twin-another dark gargantuan brute-to guard our bar like a grim-faced sentry , ready to toss grabby patrons to the curb in the blink of an eye . 
 in fact , the place has almost as many bouncers as it does dancers , tonight . 
 including ben . 
 he has n't said two words to me since that afternoon at the gym , and that suits me fine . 
 i 'd prefer to hang my head in shame without the constant reminder . 
 cain leans over the bar as i line up ten shots of vodka . 
 `` how do you like penny 's so far , kacey ? '' 
 he asks over the music . 
 i offer him a nod and smile . 
 `` it 's great , cain . 
 money 's really good . '' 
 `` great . 
 saving that for college i hope ? '' 
 `` yup . '' 
 just likely not for me . 
 `` and what are you interested in ? '' 
 i pause , deciding how to answer that one . 
 i choose honesty versus a smart ass remark . 
 this is my boss , after all . 
 `` not sure . 
 do n't have a lot of direction right now . '' 
 for some reason , cain 's question does n't bother me . 
 it does n't feel intrusive . 
 `` i 'm more concerned about getting my little sister into pre-med . '' 
 `` ah , yes . 
 this famous raven-haired angel that storm has praised . '' 
 cain 's shrewd eyes narrow . 
 `` you 're a hard worker and you 're welcome here as long as you need the job , but make sure you find that direction soon . 
 you can do better than slinging drinks . 
 keep up the good work . '' 
 he pats the bar and continues on , leaving me staring at his back . 
 `` what 's his story ? '' 
 i ask storm . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` well , i think he may be one of the most interesting people i 've ever met . 
 a paradox to the strip club owner persona . 
 i have n't seen him so much as squeeze an ass . 
 he takes the time to say hi . 
 now he 's encouraging me not to work here because i 'm too good for the place . '' 
 she smiles . 
 `` yeah , he 's definitely special . 
 he had a hard upbringing . 
 it had to do with clubs and the women in his life being abused . '' 
 she grabs the bottle of jd from in front of me . 
 `` speaking of trent ... '' what ? 
 the sudden change of topic sends me reeling . 
 with a smug grin , storm jerks her chin over to a table not far from us . 
 sure enough , there 's trent . 
 he 's shown up for the last three nights at eleven by himself . 
 he does n't approach me . 
 he just orders his drinks and sits at a safe distance . 
 i know he 's watching me , though . 
 my skin prickles under his gaze . 
 it 's beginning to get on my nerves . 
 `` kace . '' 
 storm leans in . 
 `` can i ask you something ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i grab a knife and a lime and begin slicing it into eighths . 
 there 's a pause . 
 `` why do you keep ignoring him ? 
 he stops by every night to see you . '' 
 `` yeah , in a strip club . 
 every night . 
 by himself . 
 that 's what we call a freak . '' 
 `` he hardly looks at the dancers , kace , '' she says . 
 `` and i 've seen you looking at him all night , too . '' 
 `` i have not ! '' 
 i claim too quickly , my voice shrill . 
 i 've tried not to , i tell myself . 
 apparently i 've failed miserably . 
 she ignores me . 
 `` i think trent really likes you and he seems like a nice guy . 
 there 's nothing wrong with going to talk to him , at least . 
 i know you 're not a mean person , deep down . '' 
 i fight back the guilt that 's swelling inside . 
 yes i am , storm . 
 i am mean . 
 i do it intentionally . 
 it 's safer that way . 
 for everyone . 
 `` i 'm not interested . '' 
 i set my jaw as i keep cutting . 
 she lets out a huge exhale . 
 `` i was hoping you 'd say that . 
 i 'm going to ask him out then 'cause he is fine . '' 
 my jaw drops as my eyes fly to storm 's face and i 'm sure there 's outright murder shining in them . 
 how can she betray me like that ? 
 and she calls herself a friend ? 
 `` ha ! 
 gotcha ! '' 
 storm holds up a finger . 
 `` i knew it . 
 admit it . 
 admit you want to go over and talk to that sex on a stick . '' 
 she slides away with a teasing grin , singing , `` trent and kacey ... sittin ' in a tree ... '' `` shut up . '' 
 right now my face feels like a burning hot forest fire . 
 i try to ignore storm , trent , and the ever-looming nate as a customer comes up order a drink . 
 `` two whiskey sours , coming right up ! '' 
 i announce , slamming two tumbler glasses onto the counter . 
 i have no clue what goes in a whisky sour and i doubt this guy wants me experimenting . 
 i raise an expectant brow to storm . 
 she responds by crossing her arms over her chest . 
 `` not unless you go talk to him . '' 
 i purse my lips . 
 `` fine , '' i hiss . 
 `` after . 
 now would you help me with the drinks before i poison this fine gentleman ? '' 
 with a victorious smirk , storm tosses two drinks together and slides them over the bar . 
 `` that sweet southern bell thing is all an act , is n't it ? '' 
 the smirk morphs into an innocent pout . 
 `` i reckon i do n't know what you could possibly mean , '' she drawls , fanning herself with a dish cloth . 
 somehow , whether it 's her teasing or her obvious ecstatic mood over wearing me down , my face splits into a grin . 
 `` halleluiah ! 
 look at that ! 
 miss kacey is smilin ' again ! '' 
 she presses the back of her hand against her forehead . 
 `` ai n't it a blessed sight ? '' 
 she flinches as the piece of lime i pelt at her hits her thigh . 
 but then i follow up with a deep bow . 
 `` teach me , you must . 
 become great , i will . '' 
 storm gives me a playful shove and then goes back to serve the next guy , while a sudden flurry of nervous activity erupts inside me . 
 oh god , what have i agreed to ? 
 my hands go to my abdomen . 
 one ... two ... three ... i concentrate on inhaling and exhaling . 
 i 'm not used to this feeling . 
 it 's awful and stressful and if i accept it , exhilarating . 
 i lean down to put the knife back in its safety drawer and stand to move toward the bar exit . 
 a deep set of dimples meets me . 
 `` i ca n't seem to get a drink at the table without being accosted , '' trent murmurs with a crooked smirk , leaning across the bar . 
 `` i have no idea why . '' 
 i pull in a slow and wobbly breath . 
 do n't lose your cool around him , kacey . 
 for once ! 
 `` some people must find you very ... accostable , '' i respond as my insides liquefy . 
 christ ! 
 even my ni ** les are hardening . 
 worse , through this thin black satin sheath dress , trent will see them if he looks down . 
 `` is that even a word ? '' 
 his eyes twinkle and i have to pace my breathing as my heart starts hammering against my ribs . 
 now that i 've come to terms with the fact that the bastard is going to affect me whether i like it or not , he 's even hotter than before . 
 breathe , kace . 
 `` so , no more snake incidents ? '' 
 he asks . 
 if my cruelty the other day bothered him , either he 's gotten over it or he never cared to begin with . 
 it 's a relief to my conscience in any case . 
 `` no , superman tanner is on it . '' 
 in reality , tanner has transformed into my mini-hero . 
 while i showered at storm 's and headed off to the gym that day , he secured our apartment like a dutiful pot-bellied guard dog , not leaving until the doors were in place and locked . 
 and then storm heard through the apartment 's grapevine that tanner went to pervie pete 's apartment and tore a strip out of him , threatening to make a bowtie out of his balls if there 's ever another incident like that again . 
 tanner is turning out to be a mud-covered gem . 
 trent places his drink on the counter . 
 `` so , would you mind accosting ... er ... pouring me a drink ? '' 
 my focus drops to the limes in front of me as i work to regain my composure . 
 he 's flirting with me . 
 i do n't remember how to do that . 
 i do n't know if it 's all the flesh or music around us or the fact that , storm 's right , he is sex on a stick , but suddenly i feel the urge to try . 
 `` that depends . 
 do you have i.d. ? '' 
 his elbows support him as he leans onto the bar , frowning playfully . 
 `` for a club soda ? '' 
 that catches me off guard . 
 he sat in a strip club all night and he 's not drinking ? 
 i quickly gain my composure and shrug . 
 `` suit yourself . '' 
 i pull the knife out of the drawer again and i begin slicing limes , my movements focused and slow so i do n't chop my shaking fingers off in his intense presence . 
 `` stubborn , '' i hear him mutter as he slides his i.d. across the bar . 
 with a curious grin , i pick it up . 
 it 's hard to read it under the dim light , but i exaggerate with one closed lid as if i 'm straining to read . 
 `` trent emerson . 
 six foot-three . '' 
 my gaze drives up and down the length of that gorgeous , hard torso , stopping at his belt . 
 `` yeah , that 's about right . 
 blue eyes . '' 
 i do n't even have to look at them to know , but i do anyway , staring intently until i feel a blush creep in . 
 `` yup . 
 born december thirty-first ? '' 
 two weeks after my birthday . 
 he smiles . 
 `` almost a new years baby . '' 
 `` 1987 . 
 that makes you almost twenty-five ? '' 
 five years older than me . 
 not too old . 
 though if his i.d. said 1887 and he looked like that , i do n't think i 'd care . 
 `` old enough for a club soda , i think , '' he smirks , holding his hand out . 
 i do n't give the i.d. back right away . 
 not before noting his address in rochester . 
 `` you 're a long way from new york state , '' i say as i slide it back across the bar and leave it for him to pick up . 
 `` i needed a change . '' 
 `` do n't we all ? '' 
 i pour his drink . 
 from my peripherals , i notice his eyes linger on my shoulder , and i self-consciously re-angle my body . 
 i 'm sure the scars all over my body would gross him out . 
 then again , he did see some of them already . 
 scratch that . 
 all of them . 
 this guy has seen me naked . 
 plenty of guys have seen me naked and i did n't care . 
 trent seeing me naked though ? 
 my hand starts to shake . 
 `` feeling better tonight , kace ? '' 
 i jolt at the voice , the blood draining from my face as ben leans up against the bar next to me with a knowing smirk . 
 he sticks his hand out . 
 `` hey , i 'm ben . 
 i saw you at the gym the other day when i was working out with kacey . '' 
 the way he said `` working out '' makes my tongue slide back into my throat . 
 `` trent . '' 
 trent is cordial enough , but i notice he stands up to his full height and the corners of his mouth flatten slightly . 
 he 's big . 
 bigger than ben even , though not as bulky . 
 `` so who are you here for tonight , trent ? 
 and last night ? 
 and the night before ? 
 ca n't be the dancers since you 're busy staring at kacey the entire time . '' 
 `` ben ! '' 
 i bark , imagining poison daggers shooting from my pupils to stab him in the tongue . 
 he ignores me . 
 `` yeah , kacey talks about you all the time . 
 she wo n't shut up . 
 it 's getting annoying . '' 
 i slam the drink down onto the counter with a shaky hand , all the while mentally tearing ben 's tongue out of his mouth and shoving it up his ass so he can get a firsthand taste of what an ass ** le he is . 
 `` i highly doubt that . '' 
 with a soft chuckle , trent takes his glass and steps away , a strange smirk on his face . 
 `` better let you get back to work . 
 thanks for the drink . '' 
 as soon as he 's turned , my hand rushes to ben 's bicep to grab the muscle bulge and twist . 
 he howls and jumps back , but he 's grinning a split second later as he rubs the sore spot . 
 `` what the hell was that ? '' 
 i hiss . 
 he leans in close . 
 `` life 's too short to play whatever stupid game you 're playing at , kace . 
 you guys are both into each other so stop screwing around . '' 
 `` mind your own damn business , ben . '' 
 he leans in even closer , until his face is inches from mine . 
 `` i would if you had n't dragged me into the middle of this . 
 literally . 
 and then kicked me out . 
 literally . '' 
 a pause . 
 `` has he hurt you ? '' 
 i shake my head , knowing exactly what he 's getting at . 
 `` then get help for whatever issues you have and move on . '' 
 he grins mischievously . 
 `` plus , i owed you . 
 you gave me the worst case of blue balls i 've ever had . 
 that should be your stage name . '' 
 lewd eyes drift over my chest and back up . 
 `` though i have to say it was worth it . 
 gave me plenty of mental images for when i 'm alone . '' 
 i throw a towel at him as he walks away , howling with laughter . 
 if only it were that simple , ben . 
 *** at midnight , trent is still there , sipping on his club sodas , and storm is hounding me like a hyena around a carcass . 
 `` go talk to him again . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` why are you being so difficult , kacey ? '' 
 `` because i 'm a difficult person . '' 
 i wipe the counter as i mutter quietly , `` it ca n't happen anyway . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 i shake my head , my brow furrowing deeply . 
 `` it just ca n't . 
 he does n't deserve to get shoved out of a shower stall . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i hear storm exclaim , but i 'm not listening . 
 i do n't need ben and storm prodding me forward . 
 my own internal urges are doing just fine battling with my will power . 
 i really want to go talk to trent . 
 stand next to him . 
 kiss him ... whatever switch i 've relied on these past few years to block all appeal and make my life easy has failed me miserably , opening the doors to a flood of desire and emotions that i do n't know how to deal with . 
 `` he 's too ... good . 
 and nice . '' 
 `` and you 're nice too . 
 once you stop trying to be a bitch . '' 
 the way she adds that last part , it 's as if she was n't planning on saying it out loud . 
 i catch her eyes widen in a flash . 
 `` nicely done , storm , '' i commend her genuinely . 
 she sticks her tongue out at me . 
 `` he 's been sitting in a strip club all night , waiting for you . '' 
 `` oh , the horror , '' i mutter as i point to the stage where skyla and candy grind against each other . 
 `` who are you guys talking about ? '' 
 a greek goddess with br ** sts to rival storm 's calls out as she places an order of drinks on her tray . 
 `` table thirty-two , '' storm says . 
 with a roll of her eyes , she ascertains , `` that dude 's g * y. '' `` then what 's he doing in penny 's , pepper ? '' 
 storm asks in a sweet tone . 
 pepper . 
 pshhh ! 
 stupid name . 
 pepper gives a lazy shrug . 
 `` china 's been workin ' him hard for a private dance , half off , and he wo n't give . 
 he 's keepin ' a close eye on ben though . '' 
 i bite my tongue before i explain that he wo n't give because he does n't like dirty-ass sluts . 
 i do n't know who this china is , but i want to rip her guts out . 
 i 'm not too fond of pepper either . 
 i should stalk over there and pee around his table to stake my claim . 
 wait ... what ? 
 jeez , kacey . 
 `` he 's just waiting for his private show with kacey later , '' storm offers and spins on her heels . 
 i catch pepper 's eyes narrow as she studies what she must see as cash-competition . 
 i ca n't tell what 's going on in that mind of hers . 
 i doubt it can be much . 
 i glare back at her all the same . 
 `` here . '' 
 storm shoves a filled glass into my hand . 
 `` go and talk to him again . 
 you need a break anyway . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 i hiss . 
 `` but when we come back , we need to discuss my stage name . 
 maybe something like ` salt , ' or ` lollipop ' or ` pomegranate . ' '' 
 `` i hear ` blue balls ' might fit better , '' storm throws in with a sly wink . 
 i gasp , my finger jabbing the air pointedly at her and then searching the crowd for ben , ready to cleave his tongue out . 
 `` do n't worry , he just wanted to make sure you were okay , '' she whispers , all hints of joking gone . 
 `` i do n't judge . 
 your secret 's safe with me , you vixen . '' 
 i head toward the exit when storm shouts , `` hey ! 
 how about vixen as your stage name ? '' 
 i ignore her , sucking in a lungs worth of air as i lift the counter panel and walk through . 
 i try not to fuss too much with my dress , but i do it all the same . 
 hell , just admit it , kacey . 
 trent intimidates you . 
 just looking at him perched on his chair , leaning against the table , butterflies slam around inside my stomach . 
 when it 's obvious that i 'm heading straight for trent , i notice him sit up straighter , like he might be a bit anxious too . 
 that brings me small relief . 
 i place his club soda down on the table with a small smile . 
 `` what are the chances that you 're still here ? '' 
 `` what are the chances , indeed . '' 
 he offers me a wry smile in return . 
 `` a guy moves into a new town and spends every night at the local strip club . 
 alone . '' 
 trent does n't miss a beat . '' 
 ... and finds two of his neighbors working behind the bar . '' 
 i pick up his empty glass . 
 `` storm has convinced me it will be a life-altering experience . '' 
 his gaze skims the stage floor suggestively and i catch a flicker of disapproval in them . 
 `` i guess that depends on what you 're doing here . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i quickly throw out . 
 `` clothes on at all times . 
 it 's mandatory . '' 
 i bite my lip . 
 a little too eager to announce that , kacey . 
 trent considers my face for a moment and then he nods . 
 `` good . '' 
 i ca n't help but drift to trent 's lips when he says that , how they remain parted after , how soft they look . 
 `` um ... '' i shake my head , trying to uncloud my thoughts . 
 `` so you 're not holding back on the strong stuff tonight , i see ? '' 
 he gives his drink a long , hard look . 
 another small smile . 
 `` yeah , you better watch out . 
 i get crazy when i drink this shit straight . '' 
 i giggle . 
 i giggle ! 
 `` what do you drink when you 're not downing soda like a fiend ? '' 
 `` milk , water . 
 the occasional coke . '' 
 i frown . 
 `` no beer ? 
 jd ? 
 tequila ? '' 
 he shakes his head as he takes the straw between his lips , a flash of seriousness smoothing his grin . 
 `` do n't touch the stuff anymore . '' 
 his eyes slide up to meet mine and they stay there for a moment . 
 `` i like being fully aware of everything that 's happening . '' 
 fully aware . 
 really , trent ? 
 you want to know that my thong is drenched right now ? 
 i lick my lips without thinking , attracting his attention to my mouth . 
 heat rises through my body , crawling up my neck , down my back , along my thighs . 
 `` i ... um ... '' thankfully , he breaks the awkwardness . 
 `` so what brings you to miami ? '' 
 `` change of scenery ? '' 
 i offer his earlier excuse , silently praying that he wo n't press me with any personal questions . 
 right now , i think i 'd sing like a canary . 
 anything to keep him talking to me . 
 mercifully , trent does n't press . 
 `` have you changed your mind , sweetheart ? '' 
 a lusty voice says behind me , interrupting us . 
 i turn to find a fake redhead moving in . 
 she 's just tall enough to prop her voluptuous br ** sts onto the table in front of trent . 
 i watch as a red claw runs down the length of trent 's muscular forearm . 
 this must be china . 
 a part of me wants to spin around and slam the bottom of my heel into her head . 
 in kickboxing , we 'd call that a spinning back kick . 
 here , it 's called , `` how to get my crazy jealous ass fired . '' 
 there 's no way i 'd get a thumbs up from cain on that one . 
 the other part of me is curious about how trent 's going to handle this `` accosting . '' 
 after the constant parade that first night , things had been fairly tame . 
 i have to think it 's because , like pepper , they presume he 's waiting for ben to start batting for the other team . 
 to my pleasant surprise , trent pulls his arm off the table and adjusts himself in his chair so his body is angled toward me . 
 `` i 'm fine , thanks . '' 
 with a slight pout , she purrs , `` you sure ? 
 you 'll regret it . 
 i 'm quite entertaining . '' 
 his eyes lock on my face and he does n't attempt to conceal the smolder in them . 
 `` not as much as i 'll regret leaving my present company . 
 i think she could entertain me for a lifetime . '' 
 my heart skips three beats and my breath hitches . 
 if there was ever any doubt about trent 's interest , he 's crushed it with that look , with those words . 
 i do n't notice china 's scowl , which i 'm sure is stripping the skin from my bones right now . 
 i do n't notice her walk away . 
 i do n't notice anything around me anymore . 
 trent and i are suddenly the only two people in the bar and that same uncontrollable urge i felt the day he saved me from the snake now gets a hold of me . 
 i close my fists into tiny balls and keep them glued to my side . 
 i have to control myself here . 
 i have no choice . 
 i ca n't lunge at him like a hormonal freak , which is exactly what i am right now . 
 i clear my voice , trying to play it cool . 
 `` are you sure ? 
 because the most you 're getting out of me are club sodas . '' 
 `` i 'm okay with that , '' i hear him whisper . 
 `` for now . '' 
 his bottom lip slides in between his teeth , and the temperature in the room instantly rises by twenty degrees . 
 penny 's has turned into a bloody sauna and my mind has scattered into oblivion as i struggle to stand . 
 but i do manage to stand and stare at trent as the grating announcer 's voice comes over the microphone . 
 `` gentleman ... '' the next dancer is on her way out . 
 i 've learned how to drown that voice out , and have no trouble doing it now as i lose myself in trent 's presence . 
 that is until i hear : '' ... a special feature performance of the night ... storm ! '' 
 `` you 've got to be f ** king shitting me ! '' 
 i spin around , checking the bar to find ginger and penelope behind it . 
 all attention is transfixed to the stage in anticipation as a mystical green glow hangs over the stage , like they 're waiting for a life-altering performance and not another naked girl in a strip club . 
 my naked friend . 
 `` ohmigod . 
 this is going to be so awkward . 
 she did n't even warn me ! '' 
 i do n't realize i 'm moving back until i bump into trent 's inner thigh . 
 `` you do n't have to watch , you know , '' he whispers into my ear . 
 the slow throb of a dance beat starts pounding through the club , and a spotlight lifts above the stage to illuminate a scantily clad female body , sitting in silver hoop , suspended . 
 i ca n't look away , even if i want to . 
 it 's storm in a sequined bikini that leaves nothing to the imagination , floating in the air on this metal hoop . 
 when the music picks up , she flips backward , every muscle in her arm straining as she dangles by one hand . 
 with no visible effort , she folds her legs back over and fluidly slides her body through the hoop to hold another impressive pose . 
 the music picks up tempo and she kicks her legs out , gaining momentum until the hoop swings back and forth like a pendulum . 
 then suddenly she 's hanging by her arms , spinning fast , her hair flying through the air , her body contorting and diving into various graceful poses . 
 she 's like one of those people in cirque du soleil-beautiful , poised , doing things i never believed humanly possible . 
 `` wow , '' i hear myself murmur , mesmerized . 
 storm is an acrobat . 
 the scrap of material covering her br ** sts somehow flies off . 
 storm is a stripper acrobat . 
 something brushes against my fingers and i flinch . 
 my head jerks down to see trent 's hand resting on his knee , his fingertips an inch away from mine . 
 so close . 
 too close , and yet i do n't pull away . 
 something deep inside me spurs me forward . 
 i wonder if there 's any chance ... what if ... inhaling , i look up into his face and see a world of calm and possibilities . 
 for the first time in four years , the thought of a hand covering mine does n't send me into a dizzying spiral down . 
 and i realize that i want trent to touch me . 
 trent does n't move though . 
 he stares at me , but he does n't push . 
 it 's like he knows this is a bridge i 've all but torched and turned away from . 
 how does he know ? 
 storm must have told him . 
 keeping my focus locked on those gorgeous blue eyes , i force my hand to close the distance . 
 my fingers are trembling , and that voice screams at me to stop . 
 she screams that this is a mistake ; that the waves are waiting to crash down over my head , to drown me . 
 i shove the voice aside . 
 so slow , so light , my fingertip skims his index finger . 
 he still does n't move his hand . 
 he remains completely frozen , as if waiting for me to make my move . 
 swallowing hard , i let my entire hand skate over his . 
 i hear a sharp intake of air as he gasps , his jaw clenching . 
 his eyes are locked on mine and they 're unreadable . 
 finally , his hand shifts and covers mine , his fingers gently slipping in between . 
 not forceful , not rushed . 
 a load roar of approval erupts on the fringe of my eardrums , but i barely hear it over the rush of blood in my ears . 
 one ... two ... three ... i began taking those ten little breaths . 
 i ca n't contain the euphoria swelling inside me . 
 trent 's touch is full of life . 
 i 'm sure i hear glass shattering somewhere nearby , but i 'm too stunned for anything to register . 
 `` is this okay ? '' 
 he whispers , his brow pulled together before i can process his question , his hand is wrenched out of mine as a pair of giant mitts land on his shoulders , tearing the warmth and life with it . 
 `` you 'll need to leave , sir , '' nate 's voice thunders . 
 `` no touching the ladies . '' 
 my peripherals catch motion beneath me . 
 looking down , i find a bus boy sweeping up the shards of trent 's empty glass . 
 i guess it slipped out of my free hand . 
 `` is it okay ? '' 
 trent asks again earnestly , like he knows it might not be okay to touch my hand . 
 like that 's a perfectly acceptable fear to have . 
 like i 'm not a head case . 
 try as i might , i ca n't open my mouth or move my tongue . 
 i 'm suddenly like a statue . 
 petrified . 
 `` kacey ! '' 
 nate yanks trent back and out the door and i do nothing but watch him go , that intense pleading gaze riveted to my face until it 's out of sight . 
 everything seems wobbly as i wander back to the bar in a daze . 
 the walls , the people , the dancers , my legs . 
 i mumble an apology to ginger for taking more than fifteen minutes . 
 she waves it away with a smile as she pours someone a drink . 
 with wooden movements , i turn back to see that a shapely native woman has taken center stage , doing some sort of rain dance reenactment in a scant feather costume . 
 storm is nowhere to be seen . 
 the world moves forward , oblivious to this significant shift in my tiny universe . 
 stage four ~ acceptance chapter seven `` so , what 'd ya think ? '' 
 storm interrupts the silence in the car on the ride home . 
 i frown , not understanding her question . 
 my mind 's still stuck on trent , on the feel of his hand ; on me , standing there like an idiot , not saying a thing . 
 i 'm so wound up over trent and that pivotal moment that i 'm for once not fazed by the confines of storm 's jeep . 
 he held my hand . 
 trent held my hand and i did n't drown . 
 i notice storm 's small fists curled tightly around her steering wheel and she 's looking everywhere but at me . 
 she 's nervous . 
 `` what do i think about what ? '' 
 i ask slowly . 
 `` about ... my show ? '' 
 oh ! 
 right . 
 `` i do n't know how those boobs of yours do n't throw your balance off . '' 
 her head tips back and she laughs . 
 `` it took some getting used to , believe me . '' 
 `` seriously , that was the most amazing thing i 've ever seen . 
 what the hell are you doing in a strip club ? 
 you could be in cirque du soleil or some shit like that . '' 
 i catch a hint of sadness in her giggle . 
 `` not a lifestyle i can handle anymore . 
 that means training all day and shows all night . 
 i ca n't do that with mia to care for . '' 
 `` why is this the first show i 've seen ? '' 
 `` i ca n't do that every night . 
 it 's hard enough to stay upright and get a bit of a work out in everyday . '' 
 huh . 
 storm works out . 
 i had no idea . 
 `` why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 she shrugs . 
 `` we all have our secrets . '' 
 my eyes drift out the window . 
 `` well , that 's one hell of a way to reveal a secret . '' 
 she chuckles , nodding in agreement . 
 there 's a pause . 
 `` how was your little chat with trent ? '' 
 `` oh , life altering . '' 
 his touch still lingers on my fingers and i ca n't shake the pleading sound of his voice . 
 raw shame has settled on my shoulders . 
 i should have answered him . 
 instead , i let nate toss him out like a drunken ass . 
 i hate the feel of being in my skin right now . 
 we drive a few more minutes without talking . 
 then storm breaks the silence with a full frontal assault . 
 `` kace , what happened to you ? '' 
 my jaw instantly clenches , unprepared , but she rushes on . 
 `` i still do n't know you at all . 
 given i 've pretty much bared all . 
 literally . 
 i was hoping you 'd trust me to do the same . '' 
 `` you want me to spin around on a hoop and take my top off ? '' 
 i joke , my voice flat . 
 i know that 's not what she means . 
 `` i asked livie and she would n't tell me . 
 she said you needed to . '' 
 she says that in a low voice , like she knows she was n't supposed to ask livie in the first place . 
 my gut sinks to the floor . 
 `` livie knows better than to tell anyone my secrets . '' 
 `` you need to start talking to someone , kacey . 
 that 's the only way to get better . '' 
 `` there 's no getting better , storm . 
 this is it . '' 
 there 's no coming back from the dead . 
 i try to keep the coldness from my voice , but i ca n't help it . 
 it 's there . 
 `` i 'm your friend , kacey . 
 whether you like it or not . 
 i may have only known you for a few weeks , but i 've trusted you . 
 i 've trusted your sister with my five year old , invited you into my home , and got you a job . 
 not to mention that you 've folded my underwear and seen me naked . '' 
 `` all that without giving you my number . 
 oh , the guys at my gym would be so proud of me . '' 
 we pull into the parking lot outside our apartment as my hand works fretfully over the door handle , the confines of storm 's jeep as it morphs into a confessional tin can overwhelming . 
 `` what i 'm trying to say is that i 'm not an idiot . 
 i do n't do that with everyone . 
 but there 's something about you . 
 i could see it from day one . 
 it 's like you 're fighting against being yourself . 
 every time a little bit of the real you escapes , you shut it down . 
 cover it up . '' 
 her voice is so soft and yet it makes me break out in a cold sweat . 
 the real me . 
 who is that ? 
 all i know is that since moving to miami , my carefully crafted defenses have been attacked from all angles . 
 even mia and her gapped tooth grins have managed to worm their way into the cracks in my armor . 
 no matter how many times i tell myself i do n't care , i 'm starting to find my heart beating a little bit faster and my shoulders lift a little bit higher when i make them laugh . 
 `` you do n't have to tell me everything , kace . 
 not all at once . 
 why not just one little thing every day ? '' 
 i rub my brow as i try to find a way out of this . 
 after the last time i blew her off , i thought she 'd give up . 
 but she 's just been biding her time . 
 what if i bolt out of this car right now ? 
 maybe this is a turning point in our friendship . 
 maybe she 'll write me off if i do something like that again . 
 a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach tells me that will bother me . 
 and livie . 
 that will outright crush her and i ca n't do that . 
 i hear livie 's voice in my head . 
 try . 
 i know i have to . 
 for livie . 
 `` four years ago , my parents , my boyfriend , and my best friend died in a drunk driving accident . '' 
 there 's a long pause . 
 i do n't even have to look to know that tears run down storm 's cheeks . 
 people crying over it does n't faze me anymore . 
 i 've permanently shut off that tear-jerking switch . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , kacey . '' 
 i nod . 
 everyone apologizes and i do n't know why . 
 they were n't the douche bags in the other car . 
 `` do you remember any of it ? '' 
 `` no , '' i lie . 
 storm does n't need to hear how i remember every single moment trapped in the mangled audi . 
 she does n't need to hear how i listened to the hissing sound of my mother 's last breath , the noise that haunts me every night . 
 or how on one side my friend jenny 's broken body molded itself against the car and how on the other , my hand lay trapped in my boyfriend 's hand , sensing every degree drop as heat left his corpse . 
 how i had to sit in that car , unmoving , surrounded by the bodies of those i loved for hours while the emergency crew struggled to cut me out . 
 i should n't have survived . 
 i do n't know who let me live . 
 storm 's soft voice pulls me from my thoughts . 
 `` were you driving ? '' 
 i turn to glare at her . 
 `` do you think i 'd be sitting here now if i had been ? '' 
 she flinches . 
 `` sorry . 
 what happened to the drunk driver ? '' 
 i shrug noncommittally , staring straight ahead again . 
 `` he died . 
 he had two friends in his car . 
 one died . 
 one walked away . 
 that guy 's out there , living his life right now , '' i answer , my words oozing with bitterness . 
 `` have you ever met him ? '' 
 `` never , '' i whisper . 
 the truth is i went out of my way to know nothing about him . 
 about any of them . 
 i wanted them to not exist . 
 unfortunately , i saw their names in the insurance papers they made me sign . 
 those names made them real , searing into my mind so i could n't possibly ever forget . 
 they were three real people . 
 real people who murdered my family . 
 `` god , kacey . '' 
 she sniffles . 
 `` have you had therapy ? '' 
 `` what is this , the spanish inquisition ? '' 
 i snap . 
 `` i 'm ... i 'm sorry . '' 
 the car is filled with storm 's muffled sobs . 
 she 's trying to contain them , to be strong , i can tell by the way she keeps sucking in her breaths . 
 my anger morphs into guilt and i bite my lip . 
 hard . 
 the coppery taste of blood coats my tongue . 
 storm 's been nothing but kind to me and i 'm nothing but a bitch to her . 
 `` i 'm sorry , storm , '' i force out the words . 
 even though i mean them , they 're still hard to get out . 
 she reaches for my hand but , remembering , places her palm on my forearm . 
 that little gesture is enough to melt my icy defenses and i start rambling . 
 `` i was in the hospital and rehab for almost a year . 
 doctors visited me there . 
 not much after that though . 
 apparently zombie drugs and daily rounds of kumbaya will solve all my problems . 
 when i got out , my aunt insisted i talk to the counselors at her church . 
 they suggested she put me in a serious rehabilitation program because i 'm a broken young woman full of rage and hatred who could become harmful to herself and others if let loose . '' 
 that last part is almost word for word what they said . 
 my aunt 's answer to that was leaving a bible on my nightstand . 
 in her view , reading the bible fixes everything . 
 `` where 's this aunt now ? '' 
 `` back in michigan with her disgusting husband who tried to molest livie . '' 
 silence . 
 `` is that what you wanted to hear , storm ? 
 that you have a walking head case living next to you ? '' 
 she turns to look at me , wiping tears from her cheeks with her palms . 
 `` you 're not a head case , kacey . 
 but you do need help . 
 thank you for telling me . 
 it means a lot . 
 one day it will get easier . 
 one day this hatred wo n't confine you anymore . 
 you 'll be free . 
 you 'll be able to forgive . '' 
 i vaguely notice my head nodding . 
 i do n't believe her . 
 not a word . 
 the atmosphere of the jeep has dropped seven levels below unpleasant . 
 i 've bared more to storm than i ever have to anyone else and its left me drained . 
 `` look at you-stripper acrobat by night , deep thought provoker by ... later night . '' 
 storm snorts . 
 `` i prefer just ` acrobat . ' 
 my clothes happen to fall off sometimes , unexpectedly . '' 
 she nudges my arm . 
 `` come on . 
 that 's enough exposing for one night . 
 for both of us . '' 
 now that i 've survived the conversation with storm , my thoughts move back to trent with a vengeance , the need to feel that intoxicating life trumping all other desires . 
 i did n't answer him . 
 i should have answered him . 
 i need to tell him that i 'm better than okay . 
 that i think i might need him . 
 the faint sound of laughter carries through the commons as storm and i walk through the shadows . 
 some of the college students in the building still up , partying . 
 i wonder what that would be like-hanging out with friends , drinking , having a normal life-as we round the corner to our apartments . 
 a silhouette moves past the curtain in 1d . 
 i stumble , my pulse quickening . 
 then , without thinking , i walk up to the door and stand in front of it . 
 `` see you tomorrow , '' i hear storm call out as she continues on and i can tell she 's smiling . 
 inhaling deeply , gathering all the courage i can muster , i lift my hand to knock , but the door flies opens before my knuckles make contact . 
 trent steps into the doorway , shirtless and expressionless and my mouth instantly dries . 
 i 'm sure he 's going to tell me to go to hell . 
 i wait for it . 
 i 'm terrified to hear it . 
 but he does n't . 
 he does n't say anything . 
 he 's waiting for me , i realize . 
 there 's just one word i need to give him . 
 yes . 
 it might make this all better . 
 yes , trent . 
 yes , it 's okay . 
 i open my mouth and find that i ca n't . 
 i ca n't form a single word that will impress upon him the gravity of the situation . 
 with wooden movements , i step forward . 
 he does n't back away . 
 he just watches me , his bare sculpted chest and pants hanging low off his hips taunting me . 
 he 's as hot as he ever could be . 
 i could spend days with that body . 
 for once , i hope that i will . 
 but that 's not what i need right now . 
 i cautiously reach out , my stomach muscles coiled into a tight ball , suddenly panicked that whatever i felt earlier might be temporary , that i 've lost it again . 
 when my fingertips graze his and warmth spreads through me , that dread evaporates . 
 his warmth . 
 his life . 
 closing my eyes , i slide my hand further in , slipping my fingers between his and curling them around . 
 my lips part in a small gasp when his grip tightens over mine . 
 he does n't move closer though . 
 he does n't try anything or say anything . 
 we stand like that , in the doorway , our hands entwined , for what feels like forever . 
 `` yes , '' i finally whisper breathlessly . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 i 'm vaguely aware that my head is bobbing . 
 so intense is this high that nothing else matters . 
 i let him gently pull me in . 
 the door clicks closed behind me and he smoothly guides me into his dark apartment with a hand pressed against the small of my back . 
 down the hall , and into his bed , his sheets cool and crisp and smelling of fabric softener . 
 i sense , rather than see , trent 's body slide in behind me , pressing up against me from toes to shoulder , never once letting go of my hand . 
 not once . 
 i snuggle against him , reveling in his warmth . 
 and in that heavenly peace , i fall asleep . 
 *** a hissing sound ... bright lights ... blood ... i 'm gasping . 
 slow rhythmic breathing next to me helps regulate my own heart rate as i wake up from my nightmare . 
 at first , i assume it 's livie , but then i feel my hand wound into someone 's large , hot hand-not livie 's hand . 
 i roll my head to see trent 's perfect form , the peaks and ripples of his chest , his face relaxed and boyish . 
 i could lay here and stare at him forever . 
 i do n't want to let go . 
 ever . 
 that 's why i have to . 
 i slip my hand out carefully and slide from the comfort of trent 's bed , closing the door softly behind me as i exit his apartment . 
 *** livie 's waiting for me in the kitchen , getting breakfast before heading off to school , her eyes wide with worry . 
 `` you stayed at trent 's ? '' 
 her tone is half-accusatory , half astonished . 
 `` nothing happened , livie . '' 
 `` nothing ? '' 
 she glares at me . 
 there 's one thing livie can do well . 
 glare until you squirm when you 've lied . 
 `` i held his hand , '' i whisper finally . 
 to anyone outside listening in , we 'd sound like a bunch of nine year olds . 
 but to livie , who understands the impact of this , this is huge . 
 she 's speechless for a moment , sputtering gurgles and half-words . 
 `` is this ... do you think this could be something more ? '' 
 she finally asks . 
 i shrug indifferently but the heat creep to my cheeks , giving away my excitement . 
 `` you 're blushing ! '' 
 i pick up a cheerio and toss it at her head . 
 she dodges it deftly , smiling . 
 `` i think this could be it . 
 i think trent could finally bring kacey back to me . '' 
 i wonder if she 's right . 
 but i just snuck out of his apartment without a note or anything . 
 he might not appreciate that . 
 a twinge of worry jabs me but i supress it . 
 i had no choice . 
 if i had stayed , i know exactly what we 'd be doing right now and it is n't thinking . 
 i need time to think and adjust to this new reality . 
 i feel livie 's excitement right down to my bones . 
 for three years , my baby sister has begged me to let go of billy and move on . 
 the thing is , my issue has n't been about moving on from my feelings for billy . 
 of course , i cared about him . 
 did i think he was `` the one ? '' 
 i 'll never know . 
 at sixteen , everyone is `` the one . '' 
 no , my issue has been that , because of those last moments with billy , the very idea of my hands wrapped in someone else 's has plagued me , making my heart stop , my stomach drop , my vision blurry , my muscles spasm , and sweat pour down my back all at once . 
 until now . 
 this is different . 
 this feels ... right again . 
 chapter eight `` you look fabulous ! '' 
 mia drawls , impersonating her mother and making us all laugh . 
 storm 's making veal parmesan and i 'm modeling my new outfits . 
 i 'd exhausted storm 's closet and needed a few things of my own , so we spent the afternoon at the mall buying clothes . 
 i let storm coordinate the outfits . 
 i do n't have the first clue how to dress appropriately for a job at a strip club , even after weeks working there . 
 in any case , the ordeal gave me good distraction from trent . 
 `` i think i 'll wear this tonight , '' i announce , coming out in a short emerald green tunic dress that falls off one shoulder and nude heels . 
 `` good choice ! 
 can you set the table , kace ? '' 
 storm asks as she bends down to check the oven . 
 `` you know you 're going to have to let me cook one day , right ? '' 
 we 've spent every night at storm 's for dinner for weeks . 
 `` i like to cook . '' 
 `` maybe i do too , '' i throw back , placing the plates on the table , earning a derisive snort from livie . 
 `` you 're short one setting , '' storm says with a peek at the table . 
 i frown . 
 `` uh , no ? 
 four people , four places . '' 
 `` we need five , '' she says without making eye contact . 
 `` storm ? '' 
 someone knocks on the door . 
 `` storm ? '' 
 mia hops to her feet and runs to it , throwing it open with a dramatic bow . 
 i suck air into my lungs as trent steps in and i ca n't help but gawk . 
 he 's in dark blue jeans again , but he 's wearing a button down white shirt , untucked . 
 i manage to peel my eyes from him long enough to flash a look of `` you 're going to pay for this '' surprise storm 's way before turning back to focus on him , all kinds of nervousness and excitement and guilt churning inside me . 
 i do n't know why . 
 trent and i held hands while watching my friend dance naked . 
 trent rescued me in the apartment building 's now-infamous snake-attack , and then i jumped him . 
 i spent a night in his bed with him . 
 eating dinner with him-and my sister and neighbors-hardly qualifies as an intimate encounter that justifies thrashing butterflies . 
 and yet , here i am , ready to pass out . 
 mia bows dramatically . 
 `` welcome , kind sir . 
 princess mia has been awaiting your presence . '' 
 even mia knew ! 
 that little devil . 
 from behind his back , trent produces a bunch of five pink roses . 
 he kneels on one knee to present it to her . 
 i hear the collective sigh from all the grown women in the group , including myself . 
 `` thank you for inviting me , '' he says . 
 she clutches the flowers in both her tiny hands , and then gazes at trent with wide , starry eyes that do n't blink for far too long . 
 her cheeks flush and i can tell this is the moment where mia falls in love with him . 
 this tall stranger has just become her life-long prince . 
 the moment passes rapidly , and then she turns around and runs toward storm . 
 `` mommy ! 
 mommy ! 
 look what that man gave me ! '' 
 trent winks as he shuts the door behind him , closing the distance to where i 'm standing . 
 `` you disappeared this morning , '' he whispers . 
 this is so awkward . 
 thanks , storm . 
 `` i ... i know ... i 'm ... '' i 'm about to say i 'm sorry , but he winks . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i figured it was all a bit too much , too fast . '' 
 one finger hooks into mine , buckling my knees with waves of excitement . 
 i think i 'm going to fall in love with this man . 
 trent 's gaze drifts over my outfit and i catch the heat in it . 
 probably the exact same heat as in mine when i look at him . 
 `` you look ... nice . '' 
 we 're still staring awkwardly at each other , when livie clears her throat . 
 `` dinner 's ready . '' 
 storm 's tiny apartment pulses with a warm current as the five of us devour storm 's cooking . 
 somehow the snake fiasco comes up and i become the butt of everyone 's jokes . 
 even mia joins in , nibbling on my shoulder like a mock - monster . 
 except she has no front teeth so it 's more like gumming . 
 and through it all , i ca n't help but constantly touch trent 's face with my eyes to find his on mine just as frequently . 
 by the time dinner is done , and we 're saying our good-byes so storm and i can head off to work , every fiber of my being craves trent and i have no interest in pretending otherwise . 
 *** `` who 's penny ? 
 clearly someone important . '' 
 i gesture to the sign as we pull up in front of the club . 
 storm 's fingers tap her steering wheel and her perma-smile falters . 
 `` penny was a really nice girl who met a really bad guy . '' 
 she turns to look at me . 
 `` five years ago , cain ran a club downtown . 
 it was a dive compared to this place . 
 penny was his star attraction . 
 i hear she brought guys in from all over the state and into alabama . 
 she started dating this guy , and things got serious . 
 he proposed . 
 everyone was happy for her . 
 he 'd come watch her dance sometimes . 
 he 'd give her little kisses and hugs throughout the night . 
 watch over her a bit . 
 you know , really sweet stuff . 
 of course , he said once they were married , she 'd have to quit . 
 she was fine with that . '' 
 storm 's voice turns somber . 
 `` one night , something happened . 
 no one knows what exactly . 
 one second this guy has his arm around penny , the next , he 's dragging her to the backroom by her throat . 
 nate could n't get there in time . 
 he found her on the ground with a cracked skull . '' 
 i clutch my throat . 
 `` i know . 
 terrible , right ? 
 cain shut down that place . 
 there was a whole murder investigation . 
 he bought this location and opened under the new name , in honor of her . '' 
 we exit the car and head toward the back door . 
 `` that 's why the bouncers are so strict about patrons touching the staff . 
 it does n't matter if the guy 's your husband . 
 if he touches you , he 's out . 
 more than once , and he 's barred for life . '' 
 `` huh ... '' my thoughts drift back to last night , when nate kicked trent out for holding my hand . 
 i thought he was being an ass ** le . 
 now , i want to hug him . 
 or a part of him , given i 'd need a ladder and extendable arms to get around his mammoth size . 
 i follow storm 's black-clad form to the door . 
 just before she knocks , she turns and smiles , like she can read my mind . 
 `` they 're genuinely good guys , kacey . 
 i know it 's hard to believe , but it 's true . 
 cain 's been nothing but amazing with me . 
 he lets me bartend , he set the stage and equipment up for me to do my act once in a while , and that 's all . 
 no rounds , no lap dances , no private stuff . 
 the bouncers collect my tips from my show so i do n't have to crawl around on the ground , collecting it myself . 
 they 'll take care of you . 
 you 'll see . '' 
 *** when trent shows up at half past eleven and takes a seat at the bar , my brain instantly scatters . 
 the fact that i slept in his bed last night , and had dinner with him earlier does n't help me relax around him . 
 i think it 's actually made me more nervous . 
 one ... two ... three ... ugh ! 
 as usual , my mother 's advice does n't help . 
 i stroll over , trying to regulate my heart rate as i take in his beautiful features . 
 they really are beautiful . 
 he could grace the cover of any magazine . 
 and that mouth ... i bite my lip , trying not to get all flustered . 
 `` triple scotch on the rocks ? '' 
 i quirk my brow . 
 he flashes those disarming dimples at me . 
 `` hold the scotch and add some soda to the rocks , and you 've got a deal . '' 
 i smile as i throw together his drink , and slide it toward him , our fingertips brushing for a millisecond . 
 with a nervous glance over at nate , i see his focus elsewhere , and i sigh in relief . 
 `` do n't worry , i know the rules at these places . '' 
 `` frequent much ? '' 
 i ask dryly . 
 he shakes his head with a wry grin . 
 `` standard protocol . 
 some places are more strict than others , but they 're all the same . 
 i have no interest in getting kicked out again . 
 once was enough . '' 
 i feel a twinge of guilt over that , knowing it was my fault . 
 trent 's wink dissolves it instantly . 
 i want to stay and talk to him but there 's a gaggle of customers waiting . 
 i 'm forced to leave him with a disappointed shrug . 
 i spend the next hour pouring drinks for customers while my nerves prickle under trent 's undivided attention . 
 `` too bad it 's so busy here , '' he says when i get back to where he 's sitting . 
 `` yeah well , some of us have to work to survive , '' i quip and i realize i have no clue what he does . 
 i know nothing about him . 
 `` and when are you off next ? '' 
 he asks casually , sliding a coaster around under his index finger . 
 `` monday . '' 
 trent gets to his feet and throws a twenty on the counter . 
 `` so you 're free monday night , say around five ? '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 his grin widens . 
 `` great . '' 
 with a wink , he turns around . 
 i watch him leave the bar , frustration that he 's gone weighing me down . 
 storm leans in . 
 `` what was that about ? '' 
 i shrug , the lingering feel of his eyes still on my body . 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 i think he just asked me on a date . '' 
 a rush of adrenaline bursts through me . 
 that sure as hell better be what he just did or i 'm going to lose my shit tomorrow . 
 storm gives my shoulder an affectionate squeeze , and i do n't flinch . 
 i smile at her . 
 i smile at the guy across the bar , waiting for his drink . 
 heck , i even give nate a goofy wide grin . 
 i 'm not sure , but i think i catch the corner of his mouth twitch upward for a second . 
 *** i feel like a lightning bolt struck me the second i wake up monday morning . 
 not because i had another nightmare . 
 because i did n't . 
 that never happens . 
 in the last four years , that has never happened . 
 i do n't know what to make of it , but i feel ... free . 
 and then i remember that i have a date tonight with trent . 
 all else is forgotten . 
 *** `` nice nails , '' livie notices two seconds after stepping through the door . 
 she drops her backpack on the couch , her eyes widening with surprise for just a second . 
 i spread my fingers out in front of me , admiring the black polish . 
 `` where 'd you get that done ? '' 
 her voice is slightly higher than normal and she 's trying not to make a big deal , i can tell . 
 but it is a big deal . 
 today , i let a complete stranger touch my hands . 
 and i did n't flinch . 
 it 's like trent has broken my curse . 
 `` a spa down the street . 
 they have a two-for-one manicure special on thursdays . 
 we should go together next time . '' 
 `` uh huh , and what 's the occasion ? '' 
 livie strolls toward the cupboard to grab a glass , pacing her steps as if she 's a bridesmaid walking down a church aisle . 
 i want to laugh . 
 she 's trying so hard not to freak out . 
 `` oh , nothing . '' 
 i wait until she tips the brita to her glass `` i 'm going out with trent tonight . '' 
 her head shoots up to meet me and she misses the cup , spilling water all over the floor . 
 `` like ... on a date ? '' 
 i tuck my hair behind my ear . 
 `` maybe . 
 i guess you could ... '' livie 's irises flash with delight . 
 `` where are you guys going ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` probably the beach . 
 is n't that what people do on first dates ? '' 
 i have no idea . 
 it 's been so long since i 've done anything remotely date-like . 
 there 's a long pause as livie 's thoughts wander somewhere , likely trying to process this new kacey , the one who goes on dates and gets manicures . 
 and cares . 
 `` you know , we do n't know much about trent , do we ? '' 
 her head tilts to the side curiously . 
 `` what does he do for a living ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` no idea . '' 
 a darkness passes over livie 's pretty face . 
 i wait patiently for her to bite her lip for all of two seconds before she blurts out , `` what if he 's a psychopath who tries to stuff kittens in atms ? '' 
 `` a hot psychopath , '' i correct her and she scowls at me . 
 `` come on , livie . 
 i did n't get you away from darla soon enough . '' 
 `` maybe you should find out more about trent before agreeing to go out with him . '' 
 `` i did n't agree to go out with him . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she pauses . 
 `` well then ... '' i cut her off . 
 `` we know nothing about each other . 
 more importantly , he knows nothing about me . 
 just the way i like it . '' 
 her lips press together tightly . 
 `` oh , livie , stop acting like the mature one here . '' 
 `` someone needs to . '' 
 she stoops to wipe the water with a dish towel . 
 `` i 'll be at storm 's for dinner . 
 can you at least phone her later to let us know he did n't stuff you into an atm ? 
 and we need to get cell phones if you 're going to start going out with strange men . '' 
 i chuckle and nod . 
 she stops and appraises me again with a small smile . 
 `` it 's nice to see you like this ... again . 
 what time do you think you 'll be home ? '' 
 i wink . 
 `` oh , kacey . '' 
 she mutters , tossing the dish towel into the sink . 
 *** by the time five rolls around , i 'm pacing in my living room like a caged bear , counting to ten under my breath , over and over . 
 waves of excitement , nervousness , and fear chuck my insides back and forth , until i 'm sure i 'll toss the contents of my lunch onto the hideous carpet . 
 right on cue , a soft knock sounds on the door . 
 i open it to find trent standing outside in jeans and a blue and white checkered shirt and aviator sunglasses , leaning against the door frame with one arm above his head . 
 my entire body breaks out in a light sweat . 
 `` nice door , '' he says , sliding off his sunglasses . 
 i catch myself staring into those gorgeous blue irises a tad too long before i make a sound . 
 he 's being playful . 
 i like playful . 
 `` thanks . 
 it 's new . 
 we had to replace it after a crazed maniac busted through . '' 
 i smirk , proud of myself for managing that , even in trent 's intensely hot presence . 
 he laughs as he reaches in to hook his index finger around mine . 
 electricity streams through my limbs with that small amount of contact . 
 he pulls me out into the open , into his chest , so that he towers over me , and i have to tilt my head back to meet his face . 
 `` i heard about that . 
 terrible situation . 
 did they finally catch that madman ? '' 
 he murmurs , smirking . 
 i pause to inhale . 
 he smells likes the ocean and the woods . 
 and raw desire . 
 `` the last i heard he was lurking around a gentleman 's establishment . 
 clearly he has deep-seeded issues . 
 i think they 're closing in . '' 
 i add breathlessly , `` i think they 'll catch him tonight . '' 
 trent 's head tips back and he laughs . 
 `` maybe they will . '' 
 he drapes his arm around my shoulder as he leads me out toward the parking lot . 
 `` that color looks incredible on you , '' he says , gazing down at my emerald green shirt , . 
 `` compliments your hair nicely . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i smile , silently praising myself for buying it today , for the very reason that i know it looks nice against my dark red hair and ivory skin . 
 people think i dye my hair to make it so dark and rich , but i do n't . 
 that 's one way in which i 'm lucky , i guess . 
 trent leads me to a red and orange harley in the parking lot . 
 `` have you ever ridden on one of these ? '' 
 he holds out a helmet . 
 so trent 's a bike guy . 
 inspecting the thing , i 'm not sure how i feel about that . 
 i think he may have just climbed a few notches in the hot bad boy department . 
 i shake my head as i look down at the bike with hesitation . 
 `` not a lot of protection between me and three tons of moving metal when i 'm on this , '' i say . 
 who am i kidding ? 
 i 'm not safe riding in three tons of metal . 
 i 've learned that firsthand . 
 a gentle fingertip pushes my chin up until i 'm looking at trent 's earnest eyes . 
 `` i 'll keep you safe , kacey . 
 just hold on to me . 
 tight . '' 
 i let him place the helmet on my head and gently fasten the strap around my chin , his deft fingers brushing my skin in a way that sends shivers through my body . 
 a ghost of a smile passes his lips . 
 `` or are you too scared ? '' 
 now he 's challenging me . 
 like he knows i 'll react to that . 
 i ca n't help but react . 
 i 'm like one of those idiots in the movies who slams on their gas pedal and attempts to sail over a two hundred foot gap in the road because someone said the word dare . 
 my dad got hours of entertainment at my expense for that reason . 
 `` i 'm not scared of anything , '' i lie smoothly . 
 i climb on behind trent and shimmy up until my thighs hug either side of his hips . 
 heat explodes through the lower half of my body , but i do my best to ignore it , wrapping my arms around his torso . 
 `` nothing , at all ? 
 not even a bit nervous ? '' 
 his brow quirks as he glances over his shoulder at me . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 you can admit it . 
 most girls are nervous about riding on bikes . '' 
 a flash of jealousy sparks inside of me at the thought of him with another girl . 
 i quickly quell it . 
 `` do i seem like most girls ? '' 
 my hands slide around his chest , running along the contours of his body , my fingers slipping through the seam of his shirt to graze the smooth ridges of his muscles underneath . 
 for added effect , i lean forward and press my teeth against his shoulder . 
 trent 's chest rises with a quick inhale as his hands lift to grab mine and pull them out , placing them with a pat on the outside of his shirt . 
 `` okay , you win . 
 but do n't do that while i 'm driving or we 'll end up in a ditch . '' 
 he looks over his shoulder again , adding in a soft , solemn tone , `` i 'm serious , kacey . 
 i ca n't handle it . '' 
 another burst of warmth erupts through my thighs but i take his warning to heart and lace my fingers around each other at his waist , pressing my body against his . 
 `` where 're we going ? '' 
 the low rumble of trent 's bike is the only answer i get and then we 're moving . 
 without thought , i hug his body tight as we weave in and out of traffic . 
 trent turns out to be a cautious driver , giving everyone a wide berth , following all the laws . 
 i like that . 
 i feel safe with him . 
 and that scares the shit out of me . 
 it makes me want to jump off this moving bike and run home to hide under my covers because he 's just too damn perfect . 
 i squeeze him tightly instead . 
 it 's not until trent turns onto the interstate and heads south that i realize we 're not going to the beach . 
 he 's taking me away , somewhere far . 
 in so many ways , i think he already has . 
 *** `` you know my sister thinks you like to shove kittens in atms , '' i say as trent cuts the engine in an everglades national park parking lot . 
 `` you know , like from american psycho . '' 
 his forehead creases . 
 `` really ? 
 i thought she liked me . '' 
 `` oh , she does , i can tell . '' 
 i make sure my voice sounds casual as i slide off the bike and take off my helmet . 
 `` but that does n't mean you ca n't be crazy . '' 
 `` huh . '' 
 trent 's long leg swings around the seat . 
 `` how old is livie again ? '' 
 `` fifteen . '' 
 `` she 's smart , that one . '' 
 i catch the sly smile as he grabs a little cooler bag from a compartment on the bike . 
 `` come on . 
 let me lead you into the dark , secluded wilderness over there . '' 
 he jerks his head toward a bunch of hiking signs , flashing me a set of dark eyes and deep dimples . 
 the signs come with warnings of wildlife dangers . 
 i ca n't help but wonder if they should also have warnings of idiot girls who follow guys they hardly know into the swamp . 
 the sun is beginning to sink toward the horizon as we walk down the paved pathway . 
 the trail looks well maintained but it 's quiet . 
 as we move further and further in , as the eeriness closes in around us and the air grows thick and heady with the unknown , i ca n't help but wonder what trent 's plan is . 
 `` so why are we in the everglades ? '' 
 he shrugs , looking over his shoulder . 
 `` i 've never been . 
 have you ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` well , we live in miami so i figured we should go . '' 
 `` i guess that 's a good reason , '' i mumble as we edge along the trail , lined with tall grasses wrapped in shadows from the late day sun . 
 the perfect place to get rid of a body . 
 `` so is this going to be a reenactment of a csi miami episode ? '' 
 i blurt out . 
 damn you for freaking me out , livie . 
 trent stops and turns to study me with a furrowed brow and an amused smile . 
 `` are you seriously worried ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i 'm sure i 've seen this episode before . 
 guy takes girl to remote shack in the everglades , has his way with her for a few days , and then leaves her body to the alligators so there 's no evidence . '' 
 he opens his mouth to answer , but then pauses as if in thought . 
 `` well , probably only twenty-four hours . 
 i have a deadline for work tomorrow . '' 
 i c ** k my head , weighing his movements . 
 `` come on , kacey ! '' 
 he bursts out with amazed laughter . 
 `` i have never , nor will i ever stuff a kitten into an atm ! 
 i 'm more of a dog person , anyway . '' 
 my arms fold over my chest , my brow arching . 
 `` you know i can handle myself pretty well , right ? '' 
 he chuckles , blue irises sliding over my body , shooting tremors through me . 
 `` oh , believe me . 
 i know you can . 
 you could probably have me flat on my back in under five seconds . '' 
 i wish . 
 `` come on . '' 
 he grabs hold of my elbow and pulls me forward so we 're walking side by side . 
 on impulse , i unfold my arms and grab his hand , pulling it up to my mouth to kiss his knuckles . 
 pleasant surprise flickers in his eyes . 
 with a lop-sided grin , he switches hands so he can haul me into his body , tossing his arm around my shoulder . 
 he lifts my hand and holds it against his chest . 
 we walk like that in silence , allowing me to feel his heartbeat . 
 it 's fast and hard and so damn alive . 
 `` so what do you wan na know ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i frown . 
 `` well , you said livie thinks you should know more about me so what do you wan na know ? '' 
 his tone softens , his face somber , as he stares forward , and i sense a shift in the air . 
 a hint of tension , like we 're encroaching on a topic he 's not comfortable with either . 
 `` umm ... '' the less we talk about each other 's lives , the better . 
 but secretly , i have to admit i want to know everything about him . 
 right down to the type of soap he uses in the shower . 
 `` well , you already know what i do for a living . 
 what do you do ? '' 
 his shoulders slump a little as if relieved by the topic . 
 `` graphic design . '' 
 `` really ? 
 a computer geek ? 
 never would have guessed . '' 
 seriously , i look at his perfect body and i never would have guessed . 
 he smiles at my jibe . 
 `` and who do you work for ? '' 
 `` myself . 
 it 's great . 
 i do n't have to go anywhere or report to anyone except my clients . 
 i can pick up and move if i want , which is what i did . 
 i can design , naked in my living room all day and no one has a clue . '' 
 `` that 's ... uh ... '' trent crushes my shoulder and hand to keep me upright as i trip over my own two feet . 
 swirls of light and dark fill my vision at the mental image trent 's just painted . 
 dammit ! 
 by the smirk on his face , he knows what saying things like that does to me . 
 i decide i 'll be breaking down his front door one day soon , alligator or not . 
 i also decide i need to change the topic of conversation before my body drops to the ground and flops around like a fish out of water . 
 `` where 'd you learn how to hit a bag ? '' 
 he laughs again . 
 `` i was into sports a lot , back in high school and college . 
 it 's a good stress reliever , that 's all . '' 
 his thumb rubs my shoulder as we walk on and my heart swells . 
 `` are both of your parents in rochester ? '' 
 i ask , shocking even myself . 
 now that i 've started prying , it 's like i ca n't stop . 
 worse , i 'm asking all the questions i ca n't answer about myself . 
 `` sorry , '' i shake my head . 
 `` i ... it 's none of my - '' trent 's soft chuckle stops my sputtering . 
 `` my dad 's in manhattan , my mom 's in rochester . 
 divorced , obviously . '' 
 he offers the information but i ca n't help notice his shoulders tense , like it 's not something he 's comfortable talking about . 
 i bite my tongue and we continue in silence . 
 `` what else do you want to know , kace ? '' 
 he looks down at me . 
 `` ask me whatever you want . '' 
 `` what do you want to tell me ? '' 
 `` everything . '' 
 i 'm shaking my head . 
 `` i 'm sure there 're things you want to keep to yourself . '' 
 `` yes , some things are hard to talk about . 
 but i 'll tell you . '' 
 his hand squeezes mine . 
 `` i want you to know me . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 my voice is soft and weak now and i feel that i have to lay my cards on the table . 
 `` so you know , i 'm not big on talking about some things . '' 
 i hear the soft exhale of air . 
 `` i 've noticed . 
 can you at least tell me what 's off limits ? '' 
 `` my past . 
 my family . '' 
 trent 's jaw tenses but , after a moment , he nods . 
 `` that 's a big part of you , kacey . 
 but , okay . 
 we wo n't talk about that stuff until you 're ready . '' 
 i look up and see trent 's blue eyes crinkle with sincerity , and i 'm filled with sadness . 
 i 'll never be ready to talk about those things . 
 ever . 
 i do n't say that though . 
 i just nod and say , `` thank you . '' 
 he pulls me closer to him , his lips parting as he lays an intimate kiss on my forehead . 
 *** after touring the lengthy boardwalk that stretches out over the water-bumping into a small group of park rangers patrolling the area-we find a seat on a stone wall . 
 trent unzips the cooler bag and hands me a cold bottle of water . 
 it 's only then that i realize how parched i am , having been distracted with watching trent 's relaxed stride up until now . 
 `` i figured it 'd be hot out . 
 i just really want to see a gator . 
 then we can grab a bite to eat , '' he promises . 
 `` this is perfect , trent . 
 really . '' 
 and it is . 
 absolutely perfect . 
 we 're overlooking the marshlands as a golden sun sinks into the water , painting the sky in hues of pink and purple . 
 the sounds of soft water ripples and strange bird squawks float through the air . 
 it 's just about the most peaceful place i 've ever been . 
 of course , anywhere would be perfect with trent . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 he rests his hand on the back of my neck , his fingers lingering along the collar of my shirt , slipping under to graze along my bare skin . 
 i shiver in response . 
 `` cold ? '' 
 he teases . 
 i give him a crooked smile . 
 `` no . 
 distracted . 
 you 're going to make me choke on my water . '' 
 he dips his head in assent as he pulls his hand away , earning a blip of disappointment inside me . 
 it 's quickly squashed with concern . 
 `` look ! 
 do you see that ? '' 
 trent 's voice raises an octave and his hand moves back to my shoulder as he leans in . 
 he stretches his other arm out to point out the long narrow head peeking out from the water 's surface no more than twenty feet from us . 
 my appetite vanishes instantly . 
 `` ohmigod . 
 is he watching us ? '' 
 `` maybe . 
 hard to tell . '' 
 `` do n't those things move ridiculously fast ? '' 
 i swallow repeatedly , more than a little freaked out . 
 gators in enclosures at a zoo are one thing . 
 there are n't any walls separating us here . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i did some research before we came . 
 this trail is popular for seeing alligators up close . 
 the park rangers are just down that way , in any case . '' 
 `` if you say so , '' i murmur , noting how close trent 's mouth is next to me . 
 so close , i could just lean in and ... my lips graze the corner of his mouth , catching him off guard . 
 turning to face me , he regards me with a momentary flicker of surprise . 
 but only a moment , and then he leans in to cover my lips with his . 
 he kisses me tenderly , his hand finding its way to my chin to turn my head , his thumb gripping my jaw as he pulls my knees close to him with his other hand . 
 my breath hitches as his tongue runs along the edge of my lips before sweeping into my mouth , sending a shock through my body . 
 i ca n't help but reach for him , my fingers settling on the curves of his chest . 
 he releases the lightest growl as he breaks free . 
 his biceps flex as he scoops my body up onto his lap , and burrows his head into my neck , taking my lobe into his mouth , nipping it painlessly . 
 my hand skates over his throat , reveling in the thickness of it , of its muscles . 
 as my thumb slides over his adam 's apple , and his mouth trails kisses all along my neck , i close my eyes and let my head rest against his , weightless and floating in his midst , under his control . 
 under his touch . 
 `` kace , '' he whispers . 
 i make a strange half moan , half gurgle noise in response . 
 `` are you afraid ? '' 
 afraid ? 
 peeking out of one eye , i check the marsh to see our observer in the same spot . 
 `` he has n't moved yet , but i have to tell you , i doubt i can drive that bike back if you lose a leg tonight . '' 
 trent bursts out laughing and i feel the vibrations right down into my ni ** les , he 's so close . 
 `` i 'll be fine for tonight . 
 i still need to have my way with you . 
 the shack 's back that way . '' 
 his head jerks behind us . 
 `` i hope you 've put fresh sheets down at least . '' 
 with another chuckle , trent settles his head against my shoulder as i sit in anxious silence , watching the alligator drift away to join his little friends . 
 i wonder if it can sense the hold that trent has placed on me . 
 with little effort , within weeks , trent has torn down my self-preservative defenses and fear , quickly earning himself a place of necessity in my life . 
 and then it dawns on me what trent was asking . 
 am i afraid of this . 
 `` i 'm terrified , '' i whisper . 
 at first i do n't think he heard me . 
 but then he turns to study the contours of my face , his brows drawn together , and i know that he did . 
 `` i ... um ... i ... it 's been a while since i 've done this , '' i go on to say . 
 i 've never done this . 
 ever . 
 nothing close to this . 
 `` and this ... '' i hold up my hand within his . 
 `` just this alone is kind of a big deal for me . '' 
 he lifts my hand to press against his lips . 
 then he clears his throat . 
 `` look , kacey . 
 what happened in your room that day ... '' i feel my brow furrow , searching . 
 my room ? 
 `` the snake in your shower ? '' 
 oh , yeah . 
 my heart jolts like a thousand watt current just zapped it with the reminder . 
 `` i 'm ... uh , '' he stretches his long legs out in front of him but holds me tight on his lap . 
 `` i 'm trying hard not to let that happen again . 
 for now . '' 
 he must be able to read the disappointment that smashes into me because he quickly explains himself , his eyes wide and earnest . 
 `` it 's not that i do n't want it or you . '' 
 his adam 's apple bobs up and down as he swallows . 
 `` believe me , i 'm sure you know exactly how much i do want that right now . '' 
 i smile , wiggling in his lap . 
 he chuckles , my actions breaking his serious note . 
 but it comes back quickly . 
 `` i have a hard time-a really hard time-controlling myself around you , kacey . 
 you 're unbelievably attractive and i 'm a guy . 
 it does n't take much for you to dissolve my will power . 
 but i think we need to move slow . 
 take our time . '' 
 he gives me a meaningful look , like he understands more about me than i 've told him . 
 `` i think that 's important , for both of us . '' 
 i open my mouth to speak , but i 'm not sure how to respond yet . 
 he 's right . 
 slow is good . 
 slow is safe . 
 but right now , with his fingertips back on my collar , feeling his excitement digging into me , i do n't want slow . 
 i want a sudsy hot mess . 
 i allow myself a moment for a deep breath to try and regulate my spastic heart . 
 `` who says i want anything with you ? 
 you assume a lot . '' 
 `` maybe i do . '' 
 with a crooked smile , his hand slips up under the back of my shirt , moving painstakingly slow up along my spine , earning a slight gasp from me . 
 `` yeah , that 's slow alright , '' i croak . 
 `` am i assuming too much right now ? '' 
 i shake my head lightly to let him know that he 's not assuming anything . 
 i 'll happily take anything from trent that i can get . 
 slow or fast . 
 his fingers fan out as they skate over my bare skin , sliding to my rib cage to graze the various scar ridges . 
 his thumb strokes back and forth . 
 `` could n't help but notice you have a few of these . '' 
 i 'm used to people questioning my scars . 
 i 've learned to shrug them off smoothly . 
 `` oh yeah ? 
 when 'd you see those ? '' 
 he gives me a wry smile . 
 `` pervert . '' 
 i try to push off my embarrassment , but i feel my cheeks flush anyway . 
 his face smooths away to seriousness . 
 `` is that part of the past you do n't want to talk about ? '' 
 `` man-eating snake attack in a shower . 
 it 's a reoccurring problem for me . '' 
 he chuckles softly , but the mirth never reaches his eyes . 
 sliding his hand out from under my shirt , he pushes my sleeve up to expose the thin white line on my shoulder . 
 leaning in , his bottom lip grazes over it . 
 `` sometimes it helps to talk , kace . '' 
 `` can we please just stick to the here and now ? '' 
 i beg softly , confused by the conflicting reaction in my body , both rigid and liquefying under his attention . 
 `` i do n't want to spoil this . '' 
 `` yeah , for now . '' 
 he lifts his head to look at me again , tucking a strand of my hair back behind my ear . 
 `` you do n't smile enough . '' 
 `` i smile tons . 
 from eight p.m. until one a.m. from tuesday until sunday . 
 would n't you know ? 
 it doubles my tips . '' 
 his dimples are in full force now . 
 `` i want to make you smile . 
 for real . 
 always . 
 we 're going to go for dinners , and see movies , and walk on the beach . 
 we 'll go hang-gliding , or bungee jumping , or whatever you want to do . 
 whatever makes you smile and laugh more . '' 
 his fingers toy with my bottom lip . 
 `` let me make you smile . '' 
 *** trent does n't have his way with me that night . 
 in fact , he handles me like i 'm a porcelain doll that is two seconds from shattering . 
 instead , he talks . 
 he talks and talks and talks . 
 i listen , mostly . 
 he talks about the everglades , and about how a human can hold an alligator 's jaws closed with his bare hands and i ask him if he 's one of those jeopardy freaks . 
 he talks about how tanner is n't such a bad guy and our apartment building kind of has a melrose place feel to it , and i chuckle . 
 i do n't remember hibachis and shriveled weeds in melrose place . 
 he smiles when he mentions mia 's name and how cute she is . 
 he talks and i listen to the low seductive hum of his voice and , although my hormones are planning a full assault to highjack my brain and take over all rational thought , i ca n't help but get distracted by the shred of life flowing through my soul again . 
 *** i revel in the feel of my arms around trent 's warm , strong body for the entire ride home , feeling no need to speak , wishing the night would last forever . 
 when he walks me to my apartment door , i 'm bowled over by the sudden tornado of emotion inside me-bliss and disappointment , excitement and fear , all converging , ready to knock me off my feet . 
 i also sense a growing awkwardness in the air between us . 
 maybe because i 'm silently wishing he 'd invite me back to his apartment and disheartened that i know he wo n't . 
 `` so , thanks for showing me my first alligator and not having your way with me . '' 
 i busy myself with searching my purse for my keys . 
 `` i 'm glad i still have all my limbs and - '' trent 's soft lips cut my rambling short . 
 his arms enclose around me , one hand skimming the small of my back while the other cups the back of my neck . 
 he pulls me close against him , his mouth working slowly and controlled against mine , like he 's restraining himself from doing what he wants to do . 
 that sense shoots jittery waves of heat through me . 
 my arms lose all strength and drop to my sides , my purse and keys tumbling to the ground along with them . 
 trent breaks free and crouches down in front of me to pick my things up . 
 when he 's up again , he hands everything to me with a challenging smirk . 
 `` you going to survive ? '' 
 i hate that he can level me so completely and joke about it . 
 bastard . 
 but i do love a challenge . 
 i step forward and press my full body against his , chest to knees , hooking my hand around his back so i can jerk him forward against me , close enough that i can feel him in his jeans . 
 he 's not unaffected . 
 i look up into that perfect face and smile sweetly . 
 `` nothing a long , hot , shower ca n't fix . '' 
 that did it . 
 i feel him getting harder . 
 trent smirks , no doubt fully aware of what i 'm up to . 
 what i would do to know what he 's thinking right now . 
 `` do you have a cell phone ? '' 
 he asks abruptly . 
 i frown with the sudden change of conversation . 
 `` no , why ? '' 
 he breaks away from me and takes five giant steps back to get himself to his apartment door . 
 he slides his key into his lock . 
 `` because i do n't trust myself around you for more than a minute sometimes . '' 
 when he turns to size me up , it 's with a smoldering look . 
 `` texting is good . 
 it 's safer . '' 
 `` i 'll get right on it , '' i purr , adding with mock innocence , `` leaving so soon ? 
 you okay ? '' 
 `` i will be , '' he calls over his shoulder as he disappears into his apartment , leaving my mouth dry and my body on fire . 
 stage five ~ dependence chapter nine i 'm at the mall at nine a.m. on tuesday morning to buy two cell phones . 
 one for livie and one for me . 
 they 're nothing fancy but i can text easily and that 's all i care about after lying wide-eyed in bed all night , contemplating trent . 
 at noon , as i 'm heading out of my apartment door with my gym gear , i bump into him . 
 with a grin , i decide that i really do love living next door to him . 
 i really do . 
 `` how 'd you sleep ? '' 
 he asks , stepping just inside my personal space . 
 i note that i do n't mind a bit . 
 in fact i thrive on trent emerson being in my personal space . 
 `` like someone slipped rohypnol into my drink , '' i lie , giving him my full-tooth smile . 
 `` i 'm on my way to the gym . 
 you interested ? '' 
 blue irises take in my black tank top shamelessly . 
 `` i could burn some energy . '' 
 my heart skips three beats . 
 `` then go get your things , '' i say and bite my tongue before i offer him a better way to burn energy . 
 with a smile , he leans in to kiss my cheek . 
 `` give me two minutes . '' 
 i wait in the commons area , no doubt with a stupid grin on my face , while trent runs into his apartment . 
 when he comes out , he 's in track pants and a fitted white t-shirt . 
 i may not be able to see his tattoo , but i can see every ridge of his sculpted chest and flat abdomen . 
 how the hell am i going to get through my rounds with that to look at ? 
 `` i 'll drive ? '' 
 he offers with a smile , as if he can read my mind . 
 i can only muster a nod . 
 *** `` you need a hand with the bag ? '' 
 trent offers . 
 `` this way , jeeves . '' 
 i stroll over to a free spot and toss my stuff to the wall behind it . 
 i begin to stretch my body , feeling each muscle expand and loosen . 
 i always marvel at how far i 've come every time i 'm about to work out . 
 it took me so long to even move my foot after the accident . 
 at one point , my muscles had deteriorated to nothing , and i was sure i 'd never walk again . 
 at the time , i did n't really care . 
 trent mimics my stretches , his arms lifting over his head , one arm bent and pulling against the other to stretch his triceps . 
 his shirt rises , exposing the contours of his abdomen and the dark trail of hair running down below his navel . 
 `` holy f ** k , '' i mutter under my breath , turning around to finish my stretching in blissful ignorance of the god behind me . 
 `` okay . 
 ready ? '' 
 i hear trent call out . 
 he swings his arms back and forth , clapping as they come in front of him . 
 `` let 's show 'em what we 've got ! '' 
 `` do you have any idea how to hold a kick bag ? '' 
 `` of course , '' he leans against it , his arms circling the entire circumference . 
 i do n't think trent 's ever held a kick bag . 
 `` i said ` hold ' not ` hump . ' 
 you want your ribs cracked ? '' 
 his arms drop and he moves away from the bag , gesturing at it . 
 `` alright then , smart ass . 
 teach me . '' 
 i grin as i tie my hair back into a ponytail , aware of the small crowd behind us in my peripherals . 
 ben 's with them and he 's got that smirk on his face . 
 i still want to slap it off his face , even though he 's turning out to be an alright guy . 
 `` okay , what you need to do ... '' i step in front of trent and slip my hands into his . 
 i start explaining how he needs to distribute his weight and the best height to position his hands , all the while i 'm in awe of the fact that holding his hands does n't bother me . 
 in fact , i 'd happily hold them through movies , long walks on the beach , and anything else that involves hand holding . 
 and touching in general . 
 i want to touch trent for the rest of my life . 
 `` put this leg here ... '' my fingers slide to his thigh to reposition his leg and i feel the corded muscle as he shifts . 
 hot , strong legs . '' 
 ... and turn your body this way . '' 
 now my hands are on his waist , gripping his sides as i turn him slightly . 
 i notice my breathing is speeding up . 
 damn , how the hell am i going to work out with him here ? 
 `` most important is your balance . 
 got it ? '' 
 he nods as i begrudgingly drop my hands and step over to my side , getting ready for a kick . 
 `` seriously ? 
 you 've never done this for your friends before ? '' 
 trent shrugs . 
 he manages to stay straight-faced for another three seconds before a sly smile betrays him . 
 `` yeah , tons of times . 
 but i liked letting you feel me up . '' 
 a loud chorus of snickers and laughter erupts . 
 they all knew he was playing me . 
 how did they all know and i have no clue ? 
 probably because i 'm too busy drooling over his body to notice his practiced movements . 
 suddenly feeling the fool , i give the bag a soft kick . 
 okay , maybe not so soft . 
 it flies back under the impact and hits trent , eliciting a low grunt as he stumbles backward and hunches over , balancing himself with his hands just above his knees . 
 `` i thought you knew how to hold a bag ? '' 
 i murmur , walking over . 
 i get no answer . 
 with a bit of hesitation , i rest my hand on his back as i bite my lip . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 `` kace ! 
 you really have a thing against balls , do n't you ! '' 
 ben hollers through cupped hands so the entire place can hear . 
 i flush , shooting daggers at ben as i apologize to trent . 
 `` shit , i 'm sorry . 
 i figured i 'd get your shoulder . '' 
 he cranes his neck to look up at me while still hunched over . 
 `` if you 're not interested in me , just tell me . 
 you do n't have to ruin me for all women . '' 
 `` i 'm more about action than words . '' 
 i 'm glad he 's making jokes , but i still wince . 
 i drop to a crouch in front of trent and ask in a low voice , `` are you okay ? 
 seriously ? '' 
 `` yeah , i 'll live . 
 and by live , i mean curl up in the fetal position on my couch with a bag of ice on my nuts for the rest of the night . '' 
 `` i 'll hold the ice , '' i offer in a soft whisper . 
 when he turns his head , i see fire alight in his eyes , and i ca n't help but smile at his own frustration , which must match mine . 
 the smile is quickly followed by a wince . 
 `` just give me a minute . 
 i 'll be over there , healing . '' 
 trent stays leaned against the wall , protecting his injured body parts while watching me run through a full set of kicks and punches , not fully into it . 
 as i 'm finishing , i sense him approach behind me . 
 i squeal in surprise as he grips either side of my hips , pulling me back into him , into all of him . 
 `` when you said hold the ice ... '' `` i thought you were near death over there , '' i answer , breathless . 
 `` that does n't feel fatal . '' 
 `` i was , but you are one hot chick when you pound on the right bag . '' 
 he jerks me back against him hard and i yelp . 
 not in pain . 
 no , definitely not pain . 
 `` did n't you say you wanted to take it slow ? '' 
 i remind him . 
 he chuckles darkly . 
 `` yeah , and i also said i have a hard time doing that when you 're around . '' 
 he leans forward and whispers in my ear , `` so what do you say ? 
 i 'm ready to go a few more rounds with you . '' 
 nothing but a strangled sound escapes my lips . 
 i do n't know where this side of trent is coming from . 
 it has to be all the testosterone in the air . 
 or maybe this is the real trent and he 's been adept at restraining himself . 
 or it 's his way of claiming his territory as the flock of guys watch me intermittently , including ben . 
 whatever it is , i 'd willingly hand over full possession of my body to this trent to do with what he will . 
 i swallow , trying to focus on the bag of sand taunting me as all that bottled up fighting anger deflates and a new emotion rises . 
 desire . 
 raw , uninhibited desire for trent . 
 i 'm two seconds from dragging him into the women 's locker room and ripping that shirt off . 
 hell , i 'm ready to take him right here , on the pad , spectators be damned . 
 his hands slide from my hips , but not before one hand squeezes my ass and then he strolls over to take his position on the other side of the bag . 
 his dark gaze leaves me unnerved . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'm ready for you this time . '' 
 *** trent hands my phone back to me with his number programmed into it as we stand in front of my apartment again , the sun 's afternoon rays beating down on us . 
 whatever heat scorched the air back at the gym has evaporated with a mysterious phone call on our way out of the gym . 
 fun , forceful trent is gone . 
 this trent looks agitated and distracted . 
 i soon learn why . 
 `` i 've got ta head out tonight , kace . 
 work and mom stuff . 
 i do n't have a choice . 
 if i do n't show up , she 'll know i 'm not in new york . '' 
 his voice fades away and i catch his eyes widen momentarily , as if surprised . 
 why would that matter ? 
 he rushes on . 
 `` i 'll be gone until friday , but you 'll hear from me , okay ? '' 
 i nod , hoping for another one of his blazing kisses . 
 that or for him to throw me over his shoulder caveman style and carry me to his bed . 
 either one would work . 
 but i get a peck on my forehead instead . 
 with a lazy salute and a frown , he spins on his heels and takes off for his apartment . 
 chapter ten serve drinks . 
 smile . 
 take money . 
 i repeat that mantra all night at penny 's . 
 the place is as packed and sordid as ever and yet it feels empty and boring without trent there . 
 it is n't until i 'm back home at three a.m. that my phone vibrates in my pocket , sending a thrill through my body . 
 there 're only two people who could be calling and one of them is unconscious next door . 
 trent : in new york . 
 surrounded by sky scrapers . 
 miss you . 
 how was your night ? 
 my heart surges with joy as i type back . 
 me : full of bare flesh and indecent propositions . 
 i ca n't bring myself to add that last little piece . 
 that i miss him like crazy . 
 that i ca n't believe i 've wasted weeks keeping him away . 
 a full minute later . 
 trent : was any of that bare flesh yours ? 
 me : not yet . 
 i crawl into bed and rest my phone on my chest , waiting for his response . 
 it 's a while before i get one . 
 trent : a cold shower is calling . 
 sweet dreams . 
 good night . 
 xox i cover my mouth as i laugh out loud , afraid i 'll wake livie or mia up , who 's staying at our place with livie tonight . 
 setting my phone onto my nightstand , it 's a while before i fall asleep . 
 *** three days without trent is unpredictably tough . 
 we exchange a few messages in the late evenings . 
 whatever work and family stuff he 's doing during the day must keep him busy because the texts do n't start coming until after midnight . 
 when they do , when i feel the vibration in my pocket , it 's like christmas has come . 
 they 're all fairly innocuous , `` hi , how are you ? '' 
 and `` i miss you , '' and `` bagged any guys at the gym , lately ? '' 
 messages . 
 several times , i catch myself typing something a little more provocative only to delete it before hitting ` send . ' 
 something tells me it 's too soon for sexts , especially given we have n't gotten past first base . 
 god , i ca n't wait until we get past first base . 
 *** trent comes back today . 
 that 's the first thought that comes to my mind when i wake up on friday . 
 not carnage , not blood , not the miserable scraps left of my life . 
 for once , the first thought that comes to my mind is the future and what it may bring . 
 for such a perfect wake up , the day sure ends like shit . 
 i have no idea what time trent 's arriving into miami . 
 i 've sent a few messages to him to find out , but i have n't heard back . 
 it 's making me incredibly anxious . 
 awful visuals of planes crashing plague my thoughts all day and into my shift at penny 's . 
 so when nate tugs me from the bar and into the back office where cain holds a phone up for me , my stomach plummets to the ground . 
 `` it 's urgent , '' is all he says , his brows pulled together tightly . 
 i stand and stare at cain and the black receiver for a long moment , unable to bring myself to face it . 
 it is n't until i hear a child 's cry on the other end that i snap out of my daze and grab it from his hands . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 my voice wobbles . 
 `` kacey ! 
 i tried your cell but you did n't answer ! '' 
 i can barely understand livie between her sobs and mia 's wails . 
 `` please come home ! 
 some crazy man is trying to break down the door ! 
 he 's screaming mia 's name ! 
 i think he 's on drugs . 
 i called the police ! '' 
 that 's all i get out of her . 
 that 's all i need . 
 `` lock yourselves in the bathroom . 
 i 'm coming livie . 
 stay there ! '' 
 i hang up the phone . 
 my words tumble out in short , clipped fragments and they do n't sound like me . 
 to cain i say , `` there 's an emergency . 
 it 's mia . 
 storm 's mia . 
 and my sister . '' 
 cain is already grabbing his car keys and a jacket . 
 `` nate-get storm off the stage . 
 now . 
 and have georgia and lily cover the bar . '' 
 he hooks his arm around me , pulling me gently . 
 `` let 's get to the bottom of this , okay , kacey ? '' 
 i feel like someone 's kicked me in the gut . 
 my head bobs up and down , all the while an internal torrent of screams and wails assault my senses . 
 storm and i are in cain 's navigator and on the freeway in under thirty seconds . 
 nate 's hulking body fills up the passenger seat . 
 storm , in nothing but her silver bikini from her acrobat act , drills me with the same questions over and over again and all i can do is shake my head . 
 breathe , i hear my mother 's voice say . 
 ten tiny breaths . 
 over and over again . 
 it does n't help . 
 it never f ** king helps , dammit ! 
 i 'm shaking all over as i sink further and further into the dark abyss where i go when people i care about die . 
 i ca n't seem to get out of it . 
 i 'm drowning under the weight of it . 
 i ca n't bear to lose livie . 
 or mia . 
 finally storm stops asking me questions . 
 she instead grabs hold of my hand and holds it to her chest . 
 and i let her , finding solace in her racing heart beat . 
 it tells me that i 'm not alone in this . 
 a circus of police and ambulance lights greet us when we arrive at the apartment . 
 the four of us run past the opened gate , past an anxious tanner who 's talking to a police officer , past the wrangle of curious neighbors , all the way to storm 's apartment to find the door half-hanging off its hinges , split in two by someone 's fist or head or both . 
 three police officers hover over a hunched male form . 
 i ca n't see his face . 
 all i see are tattoos and hand cuffs . 
 `` i live here , '' storm announces as she breezes past them and through the door , not batting an eye at the guy . 
 i follow her steps to find a puffy-eyed livie sitting on the couch with a form curled up on her lap , sucking her thumb and choking on ragged sobs , well past the point of hysterical crying . 
 an officer stands over them , reviewing notes . 
 the table lamp that sits next to the door is in pieces and storm 's giant stainless steel frying pan rests on the ground beside livie . 
 storm is on her knees in front of mia in a second . 
 `` oh , baby girl ! '' 
 `` mama ! '' 
 two scrawny arms fly out to wrap around storm 's neck . 
 storm scoops mia up and into her arms and begins to sway . 
 tears run down her cheeks as she hums a song . 
 `` she 's unharmed , '' the police officer assures us , his words releasing the lungs worth of air i 've been holding . 
 i rush to livie , throwing my arms around her . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean to panic you . 
 it was so scary ! '' 
 she cries . 
 her words hardly register . 
 i 'm too busy fumbling with her arms and legs , grabbing her chin , rotating her head this way and that , checking for wounds . 
 livie laughs , grabbing hold of my hands and holding them together in hers . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 i got him good . '' 
 `` what ... what do you mean , ` you got him good ? ' '' 
 i give my head a shake . 
 livie shrugs . 
 `` he got his head through the door so i slammed storm 's gargantuan frying pan over it . 
 that slowed him down . '' 
 what ? 
 i look at the pan lying on the floor . 
 i look at my dainty fifteen year old sister . 
 i look at the pan again . 
 and then , whether in relief , in fear , in madness-likely all three-i burst out laughing . 
 suddenly we 're both doubled over , falling against each other as we laugh and snort hysterically . 
 i clutch my middle in pain , the muscles tested in a way they have n't been for too long . 
 `` who 's the crazy in handcuffs ? '' 
 i whisper between fits . 
 livie 's laughter cuts short , her eyes widening expressively . 
 `` mia 's dad . '' 
 i gasp as i glance back at the busted door and then over at mia and storm , my imagination running wild . 
 he wanted to get to his daughter . 
 `` what was he doing here ? '' 
 i ca n't keep the horror from my voice , all urge to laugh evaporating . 
 dread ripples through me like an aftershock , permanently detaching the unstable plates i 've balanced myself on all these years . 
 just the thought of something bad happening to mia sends me reeling . 
 or storm , for that matter . 
 because i love them . 
 mia 's not just that gap-toothed kid who livie babysits . 
 storm 's not just my stripper neighbor who got me a job . 
 as hard as i 've tried to keep everyone at arm 's length , just like trent , those two have found a way in . 
 a different way , but one that has inevitably led to a place in a heart i thought long since frozen and incapable of feeling . 
 livie wraps her arms around her body as she watches mia and storm and i see fear envelop her thoughts . 
 `` i 'm just so glad trent came when he did . '' 
 another gasp . 
 `` trent ? '' 
 i jump to my feet and spin around , my heart leaping into my throat as i scan the apartment . 
 `` where ? 
 where is he ? '' 
 `` here . '' 
 i turn to find him passing through the entry way . 
 i 'm on my feet and colliding into him in seconds . 
 his arms tighten around me instantly , protecting me with their strength . 
 he buries his face into my hair and we stay like that for a long time before he pulls back to rest his forehead against mine . 
 my hands slip around his sides to his back , my fingers crawling up to dig into his shoulder blades and yank him back close to me . 
 his muscles tense beneath me . 
 all the fear and nerves and terror of the day is suddenly morphing into some animalistic need . 
 i need to hold him . 
 i need trent . 
 we stay like that , as i press my nose against his chest , inhaling the wonderful mix of woodsy and ocean scents . 
 `` i missed you , '' i hear myself whisper , surprising even me . 
 kacey cleary does n't admit to missing people out loud . 
 but trent feels like something valuable misplaced and then found again and i 'm overwhelmed with relief . 
 trent leans in and kisses my jaw line , near my earlobe . 
 `` missed you too , babe , '' he whispers into my ear , sending shivers through my core . 
 `` excuse me , sir . 
 are you sure you do n't want to press charges ? '' 
 a voice asks . 
 `` i 'm sure . 
 it 's just a bruise , '' trent answers , not releasing me from his grip , like he 's as in need of me as i am of him . 
 `` what bruise ? '' 
 i pull away and look up to see trent 's bottom lip swollen . 
 my hand flies to it , but he grabs it and holds it away . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 really . 
 it 's nothing . 
 completely worth it . '' 
 `` i 'll need to ask this young lady a few questions . 
 are you her guardian ? '' 
 i hear the cop ask and i assume he 's talking to storm so i continue staring up at trent 's face , unable to peel away . 
 he 's equally unwavering in his gaze . 
 `` miss ? '' 
 `` yes , she is , '' i hear livie say and i snap out of it . 
 he 's talking to me . 
 `` yes , yes ... '' turning , i find officer stares-a-lot standing behind me . 
 my frown tells him that i recognize him . 
 he shrugs noncommittally . 
 `` you ladies sure are keeping us busy these days . '' 
 his gaze drifts over to storm , ever so quickly taking in her body before averting his eyes to the ground as he pushes a hand through his short blonde hair . 
 he 's a decent-looking guy in a ken doll , mama 's boy sort of way . 
 and he 's got the hots for storm . 
 that much is obvious . 
 then again , who does n't ? 
 `` no one can accuse us of being boring . '' 
 i smile to myself . 
 `` i 'm kacey . 
 that 's storm , but it looks like you remember her , officer ... ? '' 
 i watch with morbid fascination as blood rushes right to his hair line . 
 he clears his throat . 
 `` officer ryder . 
 dan . '' 
 storm is oblivious , still holding her daughter tightly as she sways her hips , her eyes half-closed and dreamy . 
 another throat clears . 
 we turn to find a second officer poking his head into the doorway . 
 `` if there 's nothing else , we should get this guy to the station for booking . '' 
 his attention coasts to storm and lingers . 
 `` then get him to the car . 
 now ! '' 
 the officer catches officer dan 's lethal glare and growl and ducks out . 
 to storm , officer dan says in a soft voice , `` i 'd find another place to stay for the night until you can get this door fixed . 
 my shift will be over in a few hours . 
 i can come back and watch over the place until morning if you want ? '' 
 storm breaks free of her spell then and turns to look at officer dan like she 's seeing him for the first time , her irises twinkling . 
 `` oh , thank you . 
 i do n't have much , but i 'd feel safer if someone were watching over it . '' 
 officer dan flushes for the third time and i have to say i 'm impressed with him , his eyes locked on her face the entire time when even gandhi would have a hard time not wandering over her barely clad frame . 
 `` i 'll watch over the place until you get here , '' trent offers . 
 officer dan sizes trent up , looks at me in his arms , and likely decides trent is n't competition . 
 he nods . 
 `` i 'd appreciate it . '' 
 `` you have somewhere to stay for the night , angel ? '' 
 cain asks , stepping through the doorway . 
 nate looms behind him . 
 `` she can stay with us , '' i answer before storm has a chance to say a word . 
 she nods silently , her hand still cradling mia 's head whose lids are drooping closed now . 
 `` okay , then . 
 i 've got to get back to the club to close up . 
 i 'll put your earnings from tonight in my safe . 
 you can pick them up tomorrow . '' 
 cain offers with a sincere smile , adding , `` take tomorrow night off . '' 
 `` thanks , cain , '' i hear myself say . 
 storm 's right . 
 they really are nice guys . 
 `` thanks , nate . '' 
 i get a grunt in return . 
 but then nate takes three mammoth steps to close the distance between himself and storm . 
 like watching a bear paw at a newborn 's head , i cringe as nate 's hand reaches out to cover mia 's head . 
 he 's gentle though , giving her a soft pat . 
 `` sweet dreams , mia , '' he rumbles . 
 sleepy blue eyes look up at him . 
 i 'm sure she 's two seconds away from screaming . 
 i know i would be . 
 but i watch her little hand lift up to squeeze his one finger , the gesture yanking on my heart strings . 
 with that , cain and nate leave . 
 `` come on , let 's get mia to bed , '' livie puts her hand around storm and gently ushers her toward the door , just as tanner steps in . 
 `` not now , tanner , '' livie murmurs , leading them out and next door . 
 he scratches his head in that ` tanner way ' but nods , stepping aside . 
 i bury my mouth in trent 's chest again , this time to keep from laughing . 
 i never noticed coming in , so zoned in to getting to livie and mia , but tanner 's wearing batman pajamas . 
 tanner runs his hand up and down the doorway and i know what he 's thinking . 
 `` this was n't storm 's fault , tanner , '' i start to say , afraid he 's going to throw down his one coveted rule . 
 this would definitely be classified as disturbing thy peace . 
 but he waves my words away , mumbling , `` never seen people with such bad door luck . '' 
 trent peels himself away from me and steps forward , pulling out his wallet and another wad of cash . 
 `` this should cover it . 
 can you get your guy in first thing in the morning ? '' 
 `` you do n't have to do that , trent , '' i say as tanner 's meaty paw wraps around the money . 
 he comes back to grab hold of me again , shaking his head dismissively . 
 `` we 'll sort it out tomorrow . '' 
 tanner lifts his hand to wave the money in thanks and moves for the doorway . 
 officer dan stops him . 
 `` sir , i suggest you speak to the building owner about replacing those entrance gates immediately and with a better system , given how easily these can be forced open , as demonstrated tonight . '' 
 tanner appraises the cop with shrewd eyes . 
 `` i agree , officer , but the owner of this building is a scrooge whose purse strings are tighter than a - '' he glances at me and ducks his head . 
 `` he 's cheap , that 's all . '' 
 `` would it help if he received a formal order from the miami police department and the city of miami indicating he 's liable for a multi-million dollar lawsuit if he does n't provide adequate security for his residents ? '' 
 tanner 's brow arches in surprise . 
 `` you can do that ? 
 i mean ... '' he clears his throat and that wry smile stretches over his face . 
 `` i do believe that would influence him , officer . '' 
 dan nods curtly , a thinly concealed smile touching his lips . 
 `` great . 
 i 'll come up with something and have it to you first thing tomorrow . '' 
 turning to trent , he says , `` i can cut out from my shift early . 
 can you make it until four ? '' 
 `` i 'll be here . '' 
 with that , dan exits , stooping slightly to pass through the doorway . 
 tanner and his batman pajamas follow closely , leaving trent and i alone . 
 i peer up at trent 's looming form to admire that gorgeous face . 
 `` i feel like i have n't seen you in months , '' i murmur , lifting to my tip toes to lay a gentle kiss on the uninjured side of his mouth . 
 his hand lifts to brush my cheek as he smiles down at me . 
 `` you 've got to be tired . 
 why do n't you get some sleep ? 
 i 'll stay and watch over things . '' 
 i fight to hide the disappointment from my face . 
 being near him feels so good , so right , so comforting . 
 adrenaline and attraction rush through my limbs . 
 the last thing i am right now is tired . 
 but i also do n't want to appear needy . 
 i give him my best suspicious once-over . 
 `` and who 's going to watch over you to make sure you do n't steal anything ? '' 
 `` me ? 
 the guy who keeps buying strange girls front doors ? '' 
 `` strange girls ! '' 
 i gasp , my hands flying to cross my chest in mock horror . 
 `` i take offense to that . 
 besides , how do i know you 're not some batshit crazy stiletto-wearing kleptomaniac who 'll steal storm 's underwear and drink all the mustard ? '' 
 he rolls his eyes . 
 `` it was ketchup and that was only once . 
 it did nothing for me , i swear it . '' 
 i giggle as trent 's arms lift to settle on my shoulders . 
 he looks down the length of my body before settling on my face . 
 `` i do have an appreciation for women 's underwear . 
 just , not on me . '' 
 i struggle to swallow as my heart leaps into my throat , the blood pulsing against my ear drum as this electric pulse channels between us , rousing every nerve in my body . 
 but then he breaks off , taking three large steps back and exhaling deeply . 
 i smile to myself . 
 at least i ' m not the only one who feels it . 
 `` we should do something about this door . 
 the police tape does n't exactly keep prying eyes out . '' 
 another wave of heat roils through me . 
 what would prying eyes see ? 
 trent rifles through the closets until he pulls out an old blanket . 
 `` i hope she does n't mind . '' 
 i help trent secure the blanket against the opening with an array of tape , tacks , and other adhesive things i find in the kitchen drawers . 
 it 's after one o'clock in the morning when we finally finish and my adrenaline rush is crashing , leaving me exhausted . 
 i flop down on the sectional . 
 `` i have n't been off my feet for more than ten minutes tonight . '' 
 trent takes a seat at the end of the couch . 
 gently lifting my feet , he slides first one heel off and then another . 
 `` oh . '' 
 i moan . 
 `` you can stay . '' 
 he grins , but says nothing as his skilled hands rub the bottom of my feet in smooth , circular motions . 
 around and around , slowly , deftly . 
 i groan and lie my head back , enjoying his strength , his undivided attention . 
 `` okay , you 've earned at least one underwear strut . 
 go , '' i fling my arm lazily toward storm 's room . 
 `` pick your weapon . 
 storm has quite the collection . '' 
 trent chuckles . 
 `` depends on who 's strutting . '' 
 i open one eye to find heat in his light blue eyes as they gaze at me . 
 again , i see this mercurial switch from the cautious , responsible trent to the one who seems willing to have me on my back , and i do n't know what to think of it except that i know i want the latter version right now . 
 his hand begins moving a little faster , a little more ardently , his breathing heavier . 
 and then his hands are sliding to my calves and with a grip , pulling me toward him . 
 as i slide , my dress slips higher up , revealing more leg . 
 luckily it stops at the height of my thighs , just as my butt reaches the side of his thigh . 
 my bare legs are now stretched over his lap . 
 one of his hands rests on the inside of my thigh , shooting lightning bolts through my entire body . 
 the index finger on his other hand traces along my right outer thigh-up , up , further ... it stops on my tattoo , on the edge of my scar and strokes back and forth along the ridge . 
 `` did you get the tat to cover this scar ? '' 
 `` if i did that , my entire right side would be one big tattoo , '' i lie . 
 `` why five ravens ? '' 
 he asks as his fingers trail along the tails . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 i pray he 'll leave it at that . 
 but he does n't . 
 `` what does it mean ? '' 
 when i do n't answer , he says , `` please talk to me , kacey . '' 
 `` you said i did n't have to . '' 
 my voice turns bitter . 
 trent has effectively tossed a bucket of ice water over my body , dousing the heat from a moment ago . 
 his hand leaves my leg to rub his forehead . 
 `` i know . 
 i know i did say that . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i just want you to trust me , kace . '' 
 `` it has nothing to do with trust . '' 
 `` what does it have to do with then ? '' 
 i stare up at the ceiling . 
 `` the past . 
 stuff i do n't want to talk about . 
 stuff you promised me we would n't have to talk about . '' 
 his hand finds its way back to my thigh , his eyes focused on it as he gently squeezes . 
 `` i know i said that , but i need to know you 're okay , kacey . '' 
 there 's a twinge of something in his voice that i ca n't quite identify . 
 worry ? 
 fear ? 
 what is it ? 
 `` what , are you afraid you 'll wake up duct taped to your mattress ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i catch a hint of anger in trent 's voice . 
 the first , ever . 
 it vanishes with the softness in his next words . 
 `` i 'm afraid i 'll hurt you . '' 
 the air in the room grows somber as trent lifts his eyes to my face and i see they 're full of grief . 
 he leans over enough that he can reach my cheek , brushing a thumb against it . 
 his words-or more his tone and the pain in his eyes-stirs a need to ease whatever is upsetting him . 
 i want to make trent happy . 
 and i realize that i want him to know me . 
 all of me . 
 i swallow , my mouth suddenly going bone dry . 
 `` i was in a bad car accident a few years ago . 
 a drunk driver hit my dad 's car . 
 the right side of my body was crushed . 
 i have dozens of steal pins and rods through my body , holding me together . '' 
 physically . 
 nothing but ten tiny breaths holds the rest of me together . 
 trent exhales loudly , falling back into the couch . 
 `` did anyone die ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i manage to say . 
 a sudden explosion of panic inside curls my tongue , preventing me from saying more . 
 my hands start trembling uncontrollably . 
 too much , too soon , my psyche is saying . 
 `` wow , kacey . 
 that 's ... that 's ... '' his hand smooths over the length of my leg again however it 's lost that intimate feel . 
 now , it 's comforting . 
 i do n't want comforting . 
 nothing he can do will comfort me . 
 `` kiss me , '' i demand , glaring at him . 
 disbelief widens his eyes . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i gave you what you wanted . 
 now give me what i want . '' 
 he does n't move . 
 he just stares at me like i 've set myself on fire . 
 i seize his bicep and squeeze tightly , using it as leverage to pull my body up and onto his , shifting one leg over a stunned trent 's lap to straddle him . 
 `` kiss me . 
 now , '' i growl . 
 his jaw clenches and i know my persistence is wearing on him . 
 it 's only more obvious a second later when he squeezes his lids shut . 
 `` trent - '' he hunches forward , his head slumping into my shoulder . 
 `` you know it 's taking every ounce of me to keep in control , right ? '' 
 `` do n't . 
 forget control . 
 you do n't need it , '' i whisper into his ear . 
 he groans , flopping back . 
 `` you 're making this so hard , kacey , '' he murmurs , a pained look on his face . 
 with my hands on the back of trent 's broad shoulders , i shimmy forward until i 'm right on him , feeling his need for me so acutely . 
 i lean in and let my lips brush over trent 's neck . 
 `` what exactly am i making hard , trent ? '' 
 my voice is breathless , an intentional move to entice him . 
 it works . 
 trent 's hands grab me from behind as he pulls my body flush against his , his mouth devouring mine with a new level of hunger . 
 he forces my mouth open and his tongue slides in , entwining with mine . 
 gripping the back of my head with one hand , he pushes my mouth closer against his . 
 i 'm no less forceful , my hands fisting piles of his shirt , fumbling with the buttons , sliding them through eyelets to expose a smooth hard chest as i edge myself closer . 
 his hands push at the bottom of my dress and find their way underneath to clutch my bare hips . 
 i release a small gasp as his fingers skate up and around my thighs to my pelvic bone , fitting under the elastic of my thong and sliding forward and down . 
 i 'm sure this entire ` going slow ' plan of his is effectively quashed , but then his finger grazes the ridge of another scar and his hand freezes . 
 his lips break free of mine and he pushes my body to the edge of his lap . 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 `` you already are , '' i mumble , grappling with hands so i can resume my position against him . 
 but it 's too late . 
 he 's already ducking his head , looping his arms around my legs to lift and reposition me , pulling me to him in a protective embrace . 
 we stay silent for a long moment , his forehead pressed against my shoulder . 
 `` i 'd fix it all for you if i could . 
 you know that , right ? '' 
 he whispers . 
 i wonder if he 's talking about my scars or the last four years of my life . 
 `` yes , '' is all i say . 
 yes to all of it . 
 chapter eleven i wake up to silver curtains and an early dawn sky peeking in . 
 i 'm in storm 's bed , still wearing my dress . 
 rolling over , i find trent laying on his back , bare-chested and in boxers , sound asleep . 
 one arm is tossed over his head while the other rests across his torso . 
 i guess i fell asleep on him last night and he carried me in here . 
 there 's just enough light that i can study trent 's body unabashed and see that it is as gorgeous as i expected . 
 it 's long and muscular and flawless , with just a thin line of dark hair trailing down a sculpted abdomen . 
 a tiny silver line along his collar bone catches my eye . 
 it 's so faint and narrow that i never saw it before . 
 peering closer , i look for stitch marks to identify it as a surgical scar , but i do n't see any . 
 `` see something you like ? '' 
 trent 's low teasing voice startles me and i jump . 
 grinning , i look up to see a sexy , crooked smile . 
 his mood has switched back to playful . 
 `` not really , '' i murmur , but my cheeks flush , giving me away . 
 his hand cups my face . 
 `` you blush a lot . 
 i 'd never have taken you for the blushing kind . '' 
 after a pause , he offers , `` go ahead . 
 i 've got nothing to hide . '' 
 i feel my eyebrow arch . 
 `` carte blanche ? '' 
 his other arm stretches back to nestle under his head . 
 `` like i said ... '' i decide that trent really does n't get the meaning of taking it slow , but i 'm not going to argue . 
 `` okay . '' 
 an idea strikes me . 
 curiosity , actually . 
 `` roll over . '' 
 his eyes narrow slightly , but he obliges , smoothly flipping over so i can admire the ripples in his back , his broad strong shoulder , and the span of script that stretches from blade to blade . 
 my finger trails it softly , spiking goose bumps across his skin . 
 `` what does it mean ? '' 
 he starts to answer , but then he pauses , like he 's hesitant about telling me . 
 that makes me want to know a hundred times more . 
 i wait quietly , tracing it back and forth with my fingernail . 
 `` ignoscentia . 
 it 's latin , '' he finally whispers . 
 `` what does it mean ? '' 
 `` why do you have five ravens on your leg ? '' 
 he throws back at me , a rare hint of annoyance in his tone . 
 dammit . 
 of course he 'd ask that . 
 i 'd do the same if i were him . 
 i bite my bottom lip as i weigh my options . 
 do i shut him down again or do i give him a bit to get a bit ? 
 my interest in trent outweighs my need to keep everything hidden . 
 `` they 're for all the important people in my life who i 've lost , '' i finally whisper , hoping to god he does n't ask me to name them . 
 i do n't want to name the one that represents me . 
 i hear his sharp intake of breath . 
 `` forgiveness . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 that word hits me like a punch to the chest . 
 just the sound of it-so impossible-leaves me nauseous . 
 how many times had the counselors pushed me to forgive those guys for killing my family ? 
 `` my ink . 
 that 's what it says . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i exhale slowly , my fists balling up to stop my hands from trembling . 
 `` why do you have that on your back ? '' 
 trent rolls over and spends a long moment gazing at me with a grim mask , eyes full of grief . 
 when he answers , his voice has turned husky . 
 `` because forgiveness has the power to heal . '' 
 if only that were true , trent . 
 i struggle hard to keep from frowning . 
 i wonder how different our pasts must be for him to have a tattoo promoting forgiveness when i 'm wearing one symbolizing the very reason why i ca n't forgive . 
 there 's another long pause and then trent 's sly grin is back , his arms nestling his head again . 
 `` clock 's ticking here ... '' i shake the seriousness away . 
 propping myself up onto my knees to get a better view , my eyes drift over his lips , his jaw line , his adam 's apple . 
 they roll leisurely down his chest and i make a point of leaning in and parting my lips near his nipple . 
 i hear his breath hitch , and i 'm sure he can feel my breath against his skin . 
 i pull back as i continue further down , checking once to see if he 's watching me . 
 he sure is . 
 a nervous twinge stirs in my stomach and i focus on the feeling for a second to realize that i adore it . 
 it makes me feel alive . 
 and i decide i want more than just a twinge so i push it , sending it into overdrive as i reach up and skim the elastic band of trent 's briefs with my index finger . 
 it 's not hard to see that he 's aroused . 
 i curl my finger underneath the elastic band ... and find myself on my back in a split second , with both my arms over my head , my wrists pinned beneath one of trent 's strong hands . 
 he 's hovering over me , holding all of his weight up by that one arm , grinning . 
 `` my turn . '' 
 `` i 'm not done yet , '' i fake pout . 
 he smirks . 
 `` tell you what , if you can last five minutes with the same level of scrutiny-without moving at all-i 'll let you finish . '' 
 i make a tsking sound but inside i 'm screaming . 
 `` five minutes . 
 easy . '' 
 trent cocks his head , his arched brow telling me he can see through my bullish exterior to the melting pile of goo beneath . 
 `` you think you can handle it ? '' 
 `` can you ? '' 
 i ask , twisting my mouth to fight the stupid nervous grin ready to expose itself . 
 just those heated blue eyes boring into my face is enough to unravel me . 
 `` what if i lose ? '' 
 i realize this might work to my advantage either way . 
 somber eyes flash and i sense the shift in the atmosphere . 
 `` if you lose , you agree to talk to someone about the accident . '' 
 sexual blackmail . 
 that 's what trent has up his sleeve . 
 he 's breaking his going slow rule in hopes of making me talk . 
 my teeth grind in response . 
 no way in hell i 'm agreeing to this . 
 `` you 're a natural at ruining the mood , '' i force out , squirming beneath him . 
 but he grips me tightly . 
 he leans forward , his lips grazing mine as he begs , `` please , kacey ? '' 
 i close my eyes , trying not to let that gorgeous face glamour me . 
 too late . 
 `` only if i lose , right ? '' 
 `` right , '' he whispers . 
 my competitive side answers for me before i can think this through . 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 i. will . 
 not . 
 lose . 
 i see the wide grin stretch across trent 's beautiful face and my body tenses up . 
 `` you 're going to play fair right ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 one hundred percent fair . '' 
 there 's a teasing darkness in his stare , and i realize i 'm in trouble . 
 i watch as he sits back on his haunches , towering over me on the bed , those blue eyes leaving my face to drift over the length of my body , in no obvious rush . 
 `` this is n't fair yet , '' he murmurs . 
 leaning forward , two hands settle on the edges of my dress on my shoulder . 
 he pushes down . 
 i gasp as my dress-a stretchy tunic style-slides off with a little bit of tugging on trent 's part to get it out from under me . 
 trent 's thumb runs along the scar on my shoulder as his hands move down the length of my body , taking my dress with him . 
 i 'm left in nothing but my strapless bra and a thong . 
 i hold my breath as trent soaks up every square inch of my body-every curve , every detail . 
 he leans forward , his hand sliding beneath my back . 
 `` still not quite fair . '' 
 i feel his fingers play with my bra hook and i suck in a gasp . 
 he would n't . 
 the supporting tension in my bra gives way as trent unhooks it . 
 when his hand moves away , it comes with all covering of my br ** sts . 
 `` there . 
 that 's fair . '' 
 i. will . 
 not . 
 lose . 
 i 'm determined not to move , even as i lay all but bared to trent 's prying eyes and evil smirk . 
 i 'm mulish enough to believe i can do it too . 
 but then trent leans forward , his mouth only inches from my br ** sts as i had done to him , and i 'm fighting tooth and nail against the urge to squirm . 
 i gasp as his breath coasts over my skin and my ni ** les instantly harden . 
 when he peers up at my face , i have to close my eyes . 
 i ca n't handle the look in his . 
 it 's full of heat and desire and intentions . 
 he chuckles softly as his attention shifts further down . 
 cool air skates down my abdomen . 
 `` you have an incredible body , kacey . 
 mind-boggling . '' 
 i make an unintelligible sound of acknowledgement . 
 `` i mean , i could just stare at it . 
 and touch it . 
 all day long . '' 
 i do n't know what it is about trent right now-his smooth voice , his actions , his proximity to my body - but desire is tearing through my will power and congregating in my lower abdomen , planning an insurgence . 
 and he has n't even touched me . 
 i peek through one eye to see the tops of trent 's shoulders , straining with muscle as he shifts further down , stopping below my belly button . 
 i struggle to see the clock . 
 another three minutes . 
 i can last three minutes . 
 i can ... i can ... trent 's index finger runs along the front of my panties just as i had done to him and i let out a soft moan before i can stop myself . 
 looking down , i see him watching me now , biting his bottom lip , his arrogant smirk gone . 
 his eyes stay locked on mine as his index finger curls under the elastic band and begins to slide down . 
 like a violent wave crashing into me , i come completely undone . 
 swirls of haze and light fill my vision and i 'm floating on seven layers of clouds , my muscles gone from rigid as a pole to pliable putty , and i do n't ever want to lose this high . 
 with deep ragged pants , i faintly notice trent hovering above me again a moment later . 
 hot lips touch my collar bone as he grazes it . 
 `` you lose , '' he whispers in my ear with a soft chuckle . 
 then he 's off the bed and pulling his jeans on . 
 `` tanner 's outside . '' 
 `` no i did n't . '' 
 i mumble as an afterthought , breathless . 
 how the hell can he call that losing ? 
 *** `` you okay here alone ? '' 
 trent whispers as i sip a glass of orange juice and watch the sweaty man work on the door . 
 when i raise an eyebrow , he chuckles . 
 `` of course you are . 
 i forgot you kicked my ass . '' 
 `` a bag of sand kicked your ass , remember ? 
 where you off to ? '' 
 his hand touches the small of my back and he presses me against his body as he whispers in my ear . 
 `` cold shower . '' 
 shivers run down my spine and i 'm ready to drag him back into storm 's room , but he makes a beeline out of the apartment before i can get my claws into him . 
 `` who lost , again ? '' 
 i call out in a high-pitched voice , smiling . 
 i quietly watch sweaty door guy work as i read through a magazine , still glowing from the morning with trent ; enough that this guy 's hairy ass crack peeking out from loose faded blue jeans does n't faze me . 
 livie has staggered through , half asleep and on her way to school . 
 when i suggest she skip the day , she looks at me like i suggested she marries the repair man . 
 livie does n't miss school for anything . 
 i 'm reading an article on ten ways to say you 're sorry without saying the word when storm 's soft voice calls out , `` can i please get by ? '' 
 sweaty door guy cranes his neck , sees storm , and fumbles with his hammer as he clears a path for her curvy frame . 
 she stalks through , matching my smile , two tall starbucks in her hands . 
 `` do i need to change my sheets ? '' 
 she winks . 
 `` ohmigod , storm ! '' 
 fire burns my face as i see sweaty door guy eyes widen . 
 storm can be inappropriate sometimes after all . 
 i quickly change the topic . 
 `` how 's mia ? '' 
 the reminder of last night dashes her humor and i regret asking . 
 `` she 'll be fine . 
 i just hope she does n't remember any of it . 
 she does n't need to remember her father like that . '' 
 `` what 's going to happen to him ? '' 
 `` well , apparently he broke parole . 
 that added to the ` break and enter ' should give him at least five years in prison . 
 that 's what dan thinks , anyway . 
 i hope he 'll clean himself up by then . '' 
 she takes a long draw of her coffee and i notice her hand shaking . 
 she 's still rattled by it all . 
 rightfully so . 
 if i pull my head out of this distractive trent sex cloud i 'm stuck in , last night is still deep under my skin . 
 `` i swear , i was n't sure nate was n't going to throw the cops out of the way and rip his head off . '' 
 storm adds and i nod in agreement . 
 there 's a long pause . 
 `` so ... dan , huh ? '' 
 storm blushes . 
 `` i was up early . 
 i could n't sleep so i brought him a coffee . 
 needed to thank him for everything . 
 he 's nice . '' 
 `` a coffee ? 
 that 's all ? '' 
 my brow arches . 
 `` of course that 's all . 
 what do you think i 'm going to do ? 
 give the guy a blow job outside my apartment door ? '' 
 a harsh coughing erupts behind us . 
 sweaty door guy , covering up a gasp . 
 it 's storm 's turn to flush , and i smile with satisfaction . 
 clearly she forgot we had an audience . 
 `` are you saying you 're not interested ? '' 
 `` no , i did n't say that , but ... '' she toys with the lid of her cup . 
 `` but what ? '' 
 `` excuse me , '' dan 's voice interrupts us and we both jump . 
 `` speak of the devil , '' i murmur , covering my smile with another sip of coffee . 
 storm 's face has turned purple . 
 i know what she 's thinking . 
 she 's wondering how long he 's been listening . 
 dan steps over the remnant door frame . 
 `` sorry to bother you again . '' 
 `` no bother , '' i chirp , grinning . 
 he nods appreciatively and i 'm sure i see a faint blush creep into his cheeks . 
 `` just wanted to let you know that i got that safety order to your landlord . 
 the gates should be fixed shortly . '' 
 storm 's eyes widen . 
 `` already ? '' 
 he grins . 
 `` i know a guy who knows a guy , who knows a guy . '' 
 `` thank you so much , officer dan , '' she says and i 'm hit with a weird visual of them in a sex scene with her addressing him in the exact same way . 
 i give my head a shake . 
 too many hours at the club . 
 they stare at each other for an awkward length of time , until dan scratches the back of his head , his cheeks flushing . 
 `` so , um , if there 's nothing else i can do for you , i 'm going to grab some sleep . '' 
 `` oh , okay , '' storm nods . 
 i roll my eyes . 
 utterly clueless . 
 `` yes . '' 
 devious little plot hands rub together inside my head . 
 `` are you free tonight ? '' 
 dan looks from me to storm . 
 `` yes , i am . '' 
 i catch the side `` what the hell are you doing '' dagger glare from storm , but i ignore it . 
 `` good . 
 storm was just saying that she 'd love to go out to dinner with you . '' 
 dan 's face lights up . 
 going out with storm is exactly the something else dan would like to do . 
 `` how about around seven ? '' 
 i suggest . 
 `` that works for you , right , storm ? '' 
 her pretty head bobs up and down dumbly , looking like she may have swallowed her tongue . 
 dan watches her with wariness . 
 `` are you sure , storm ? '' 
 it takes her a minute to pull her tongue back out to operational mode . 
 `` it 's perfect . '' 
 she even manages a tight smile . 
 `` okay . 
 see you then . '' 
 he walks out , his pace picking up as i holler . 
 `` ca n't wait ! '' 
 i turn back to find storm glaring at me . 
 `` you enjoyed tormenting that poor man , did n't you ? '' 
 `` oh , i think he 's okay with a little torment if the end result is a date with you . '' 
 `` i have to work tonight though . '' 
 `` nice try . 
 cain gave you the night off . 
 come on , what else you got ? '' 
 storm 's shoulders sag . 
 `` this is a bad idea , kacey . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` why ? 
 well ... '' storm sputters , struggling for a valid excuse . 
 `` look at the last guy i brought home . '' 
 she gestures at the broken door . 
 `` storm , i do n't think you can compare officer dan to that strung out asshat of an ex-husband . 
 they 're kind of on opposite ends of the spectrum . 
 i 'm not sure that guy last night was even human . '' 
 my brow quirks . 
 `` do they need to make a ` so i married an alien ' movie starring you ? '' 
 she rolls her eyes . 
 `` oh , come on , kacey . 
 do n't be naive . 
 he 's a guy . 
 he knows what i do for a living . 
 there 's only one thing he 's interested in and it 's not my cooking . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i do n't know about that . 
 i might do you for more of that veal parmesan . '' 
 sweaty door guy breaks out into another coughing fit , harsh enough that i think he may bring up a lung . 
 storm 's hand flies to her mouth , trying not to laugh . 
 she tosses a pillow at my head , but i duck , sending us into an explosion of titters as we scurry to her bedroom and close the door . 
 `` so what are you gon na wear tonight ? '' 
 i mock in a bubbly valley girl voice . 
 she sighs . 
 `` i do n't know , kace . 
 what if he only wants me for ... this ? '' 
 her hands gesture to her body . 
 `` then he 's the biggest idiot on the face of the earth because you 're so much more than a pair of giant boobs and a pretty face . '' 
 a tiny smile blossoms to dissolve her worry . 
 `` i hope you 're right , kacey . '' 
 `` you also have a killer ass . '' 
 she tosses another pillow at my head . 
 `` all kidding aside , storm . 
 i see how he looks at you . 
 trust me , that 's not it . '' 
 she worries her bottom lip as if she wants to believe me , but ca n't . 
 `` and if that 's all he 's looking for then we 'll set fire to his balls . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 storm 's face twists in a mixture of shock and amusement . 
 i shrug . 
 `` what can i say , storm ? 
 i 'm into some weird shit . '' 
 storm 's head falls back as she howls with laughter . 
 `` you 're crazy but i love you , kacey cleary . '' 
 she shrieks , throwing her arms around my neck . 
 i can only imagine what sweaty door man is thinking right about now . 
 *** trent shows up to my door at noon in his leather jacket . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 `` for what ? '' 
 i ask , memories of the morning , of what he 's capable of doing with barely a touch , still fresh . 
 part of me wonders if he 's here to collect his side . 
 that part is extremely excited . 
 he smirks , holding up a helmet . 
 `` nice try . '' 
 walking over , he grabs my hand and pulls me from my chair . 
 `` we made a deal and you lost . '' 
 a sinking feeling settles in the pit of my stomach as he leads me toward the door . 
 `` there 's a support group nearby . 
 i figured i 'd take you . '' 
 support group . 
 that 's when my legs freeze . 
 trent turns around and studies my expression . 
 by the way my insides are reacting , it ca n't be a pretty one . 
 `` you promised , kacey , '' he whispers softly , stepping forward to cup my elbows . 
 `` you do n't have to talk . 
 just listen . 
 please . 
 it 'll be good for you , kace . '' 
 `` so now you 're a computer geek and a shrink ? '' 
 i bite my tongue , not meaning to be that harsh . 
 gritting my teeth against the urge to scream , i close my eyes . 
 one ... two ... three ... four ... i do n't know why i keep following my mom 's stupid advice . 
 it never brings me relief . 
 i guess it 's become more like a security blanket that i 've dragged from my old life into my new . 
 useless , but comforting . 
 trent waits patiently , his hand never leaving my elbow . 
 `` fine . '' 
 i hiss , shaking away from him . 
 i grab my purse from the couch and stalk out the door . 
 `` but if they break out in a f ** king round of kumbaya , i 'm so gone . '' 
 *** the group therapy session is in a church basement , complete with ugly yellow walls and dark gray school-grade carpet . 
 the smell of burnt coffee permeates the air . 
 there 's a small table set up in the back with cups and tea biscuits . 
 i 'm not interested in any of that . 
 i 'm not interested in the group sitting in a circle in the center of the room , participating in idle chatter , or the middle-aged skinny man with faded blue jeans and feathered hair standing in the center . 
 none of it . 
 with a hand against my back , trent gently prods my stiff body forward and i feel the air shift as i move closer . 
 it thickens in my lungs , until i have to work to draw it in and push it out . 
 when the man standing in the center looks up at me and smiles , the air gets even thicker . 
 it 's a warm enough smile , but i do n't return it . 
 i ca n't . 
 i do n't want to . 
 i do n't know how . 
 `` welcome , '' he says , pro-offering two empty chairs to our right . 
 `` thanks , '' trent murmurs behind me , shaking the guy 's hand as i somehow get my body to bend into the frame . 
 i nudge it back a bit and stare straight ahead , distancing myself from the circle . 
 so i 'm not part of it . 
 exactly how i prefer things . 
 and i avoid all eye contact . 
 people think they 're allowed to talk to you and ask who died when you make eye contact . 
 outside the circle is a sign that reads , `` post traumatic stress disorder-therapy session . '' 
 i sigh . 
 good ol' p.t.s.d. . 
 it 's not the first time i 've heard that term . 
 the doctors in the hospital warned my aunt and uncle about it , saying they thought i suffered from it . 
 saying it would likely work itself out with time and counseling . 
 i never understood how they believed that night could ever possibly work itself out of my thoughts , my memories , and my nightmares . 
 the man in the circle claps his hands . 
 `` everyone , let 's get started . 
 for those of you who do n't know me , my name is mark . 
 i 'm sharing my name , but there 's no need for you to share yours . 
 names are not important . 
 what 's important is that you all know you 're not alone in the world with your grief , and that talking about it , when you 're ready , will help you heal . '' 
 heal . 
 there 's another word i never understood as it related to the accident . 
 i ca n't help but peer around the group now , careful that i do n't seem interested as i take in their faces . 
 luckily , all eyes are riveted to mark , watching him with fascination , like he 's a god with curative powers . 
 there 's a mix of people-old , young , female , male , the well-dressed , the disheveled . 
 if it tells me anything , it 's that suffering knows no boundaries . 
 `` i 'll share my story , '' mark begins , pulling his chair forward as he sits down . 
 `` ten years ago i was driving home from work with my girlfriend . 
 it was raining hard and we got t-boned in an intersection . 
 beth died in my arms before the ambulance came . '' 
 like a vacuous pull , my lungs constrict . 
 i see , rather than feel , trent 's hand on my knee , squeezing gently . 
 i ca n't feel anything . 
 mark continues , but i struggle to focus on his words , my heart rate climbing like it 's on its way to mount everest . 
 i fight the urge to stand and run , to leave trent here . 
 let him listen to this horror . 
 let him see the kind of pain these people have experienced . 
 i have enough of my own to deal with . 
 maybe he gets some sick fascination with this shit . 
 i barely hear mark as he talks about drugs and rehab , as words like `` depression '' and `` suicide '' float around . 
 mark 's so calm and collected as he lists the after affects . 
 how ? 
 how is he so calm ? 
 how can he throw out his own personal tragedy in front of these people like he 's talking about the weather ? '' 
 ... tonya and i just celebrated our second wedding anniversary , but i still think about beth every day . 
 i still suffer through moments of sadness . 
 but i 've learned to cherish the happy memories . 
 i 've learned to move on . 
 beth would have wanted me to live my life . '' 
 one by one , they go around the circle , airing their dirty laundry to all as if it takes no effort to talk about it . 
 i pull short , hard breaths through the second tale-one of a man who lost his four year old son to a freak farming accident . 
 by the fourth , the coils around my insides have stopped tightening . 
 by the fifth , all the emotions that trent has managed to coax out from hiding over the last few weeks have fled back as tragedy upon tragedy beats me over the head . 
 all i can do to avoid reliving the pain of that night four years ago , right here in this church basement , is to bottle everything human inside of me up . 
 i 'm dead inside . 
 not everyone shares their stories , but most do . 
 no one pressures me to speak . 
 i do n't offer , even when mark asks if anyone else wants to share and trent squeezes my knee . 
 i make not a sound . 
 i stare straight forward , anesthetized . 
 i hear murmurs of `` goodbye '' and i stand . 
 with robotic movements , i climb the stairs and walk out to the street . 
 `` hey , '' trent calls out from behind . 
 i do n't answer . 
 i do n't stop . 
 i just start walking down the street toward my apartment . 
 `` hey ! 
 wait up ! '' 
 trent jumps in front of me , forcing me to stop . 
 `` look at me , kacey ! '' 
 i follow his order and look up at him . 
 `` you 're scaring me , kace . 
 please talk to me . '' 
 `` i 'm scaring you ? '' 
 the protective numbing coat i pulled over my body for the session falls away as rage suddenly fires through . 
 `` why would you do that to me , trent ? 
 why ? 
 why do i have to sit and listen to ten people recant their horror stories ? 
 how does that help ? '' 
 trent 's hands push through his hair . 
 `` calm down , kace . 
 i just thought - '' `` what ? 
 what did you think ? 
 you do n't know the first thing about what i 've gone through and you ... what , think you can swoop in , give me an orgasm , and follow it up with a survivor 's group full of f ** king cyborgs who talk about their supposed loved ones like everything 's alright ? '' 
 i 'm screaming on the side of the street now and i do n't care . 
 trent 's hands move to touch my arms as he shushes me , glancing around . 
 `` you think that was n't hard for them , kacey ? 
 ca n't you see the torture in their faces as they relive their stories ? '' 
 i 'm not listening to him anymore . 
 i throw his hands away with a shove and take a step back . 
 `` you think you can fix me ? 
 what am i to you , some pet project ? '' 
 he flinches as if i slapped him across the face and i grit my teeth . 
 he has no right to be hurt . 
 he made me sit through that . 
 he hurt me . 
 `` stay away from me . '' 
 i spin around and stalk down the sidewalk . 
 i do n't look back . 
 trent does n't chase . 
 chapter twelve storm 's hands fidget with a bead bracelet as seven o'clock rolls around . 
 it 's bizarre that she 's so nervous considering she can swing over a stage topless in front of a room full of strangers . 
 i do n't remind her of that though . 
 i just help her pick out a classy yellow dress that flatters her skin tone and accentuates her curves but not too much . 
 i help her clasp her necklace and pin her hair back on one side . 
 mainly , i try my damndest to smile when all i want to do is curl up into a ball and hide under my covers , alone . 
 `` ten tiny breaths , '' i murmur . 
 she frowns into her mirror . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` take ten tiny breaths . 
 seize them . 
 feel them . 
 love them . '' 
 my mother 's voice rings in my ear as i repeat her words and fight off a choke . 
 that stupid session today has left me bothered , my defenses wavering , my ability to bury the pain challenged . 
 storm 's frown dips further . 
 i shrug . 
 `` i dunno . 
 that 's what my mom always used to say . 
 if you figure it out , let me know , okay ? '' 
 she nods slowly and then i watch as she breathes in and out slowly , and i imagine she 's counting in her head . 
 that makes me smile . 
 like i 'm passing on a little bit of my mother to storm . 
 we hear the knock on the new front door and , a moment later , mia 's little hands fumbling with the lock . 
 all is quiet , and then mia approaches , her bare feet slapping hard against the floor as she runs down the hall , yelling , `` mommy ! 
 the police officer is here to take you away ! '' 
 i snort and shove storm toward the door . 
 `` stop fussing . 
 you look great . '' 
 officer dan is in the living room , putting his hands into his jean pockets and pulling them out , and then putting one in , and taking it out . 
 i ca n't help but smile just a bit as i watch him . 
 he 's as uneasy as storm . 
 though when he sees her , his face brightens . 
 `` hi , nora . '' 
 nora ? 
 his blond hair is styled in that messy , spiky way . 
 he 's wearing a fitted black golf shirt that shows off a solid body . 
 i catch a faint whiff of men 's cologne . 
 not too much . 
 just enough . 
 all in all , officer dan cleans up really well . 
 she smiles back politely . 
 `` hi , officer dan . '' 
 he clears his throat . 
 `` just dan is fine . '' 
 `` okay , just dan , '' she repeats and then the room fills with awkward silence . 
 `` officer dan brought you flowers , mommy ! 
 tigers ! '' 
 mia runs to the kitchen where livie is arranging a beautiful bouquet of deep red tiger lilies in a milk jug . 
 mia reaches up to grab one and knocks the jug over . 
 water and flowers splash everywhere . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 she exclaims . 
 `` mia ! '' 
 storm and livie scold at the same time through gasps . 
 mia 's eyes turn big and round as she looks between the two , realizing what she 's done . 
 `` i get one . 
 right , kacey ? '' 
 my hand flies to my mouth to contain my laughter as livie 's eyes shoot daggers at me . 
 `` they 're beautiful , dan . '' 
 storm rushes over and scrambles to pick them all up . 
 i take this as my chance to wave down his attention . 
 `` she 's really nervous , '' i mouth without making a sound . 
 surprise flashes in his eyes . 
 he knows what she does for a living . 
 he 's likely made the same wrong assumption as me-that storm is made of steel . 
 that 's not the case though . 
 far from it . 
 he nods and gives me a wink . 
 clearing his throat , he says , `` i 've made reservations for seven-thirty . '' 
 stepping forward , he offers storm his arm . 
 `` we should head out now , nora . 
 the place is down by the water . 
 it 'll take a while to get there with traffic . '' 
 she looks up at him and smiles , all fuss over flowers vanishing . 
 good . 
 take the lead . 
 smart , dan . 
 two points . 
 `` have fun . 
 we wo n't wait up ! '' 
 i catch a flash of storm 's crimson cheeks before the door is shut and locked , bringing back my dour mood . 
 *** i end up working that night without storm . 
 i need the distraction . 
 when last call sounds and trent does n't show up or text , my disappointment is paralyzing . 
 why would he come , though , i remind myself . 
 i screamed like a lunatic at him on the sidewalk and told him to stay away . 
 trent does n't come visit me at penny 's the next night . 
 or the night after that . 
 three days later , i think i might lose my mind . 
 whatever rage coursed through me the day of the grief session is overshadowed by a new void . 
 a trent void . 
 it throbs like a deep ache through every fiber of my being . 
 i crave his presence , his body , his voice , his laugh , his touch , his everything . 
 i need him . 
 i need trent . 
 *** on thursday at noon , i sit at our kitchenette in my short shorts and tank , shoveling cheerios into my mouth and staring at my phone as if willing a text to come through . 
 finally , i suck back a mouths ' worth of air and force my thumbs to work out a message . 
 me : any interest in a matinee ? 
 i sit at my table and gawk at the stupid thing , wondering if he 's already deleted my text , or if he 's even bothered to read it . 
 i consider pressing my ear up against the wall between our apartments to see if i can catch any `` crazy bitch '' comments out of him . 
 but that does n't sound like something trent would say , even if it were true . 
 which is it . 
 a whole five minutes later , after sinking every last one of my cheerios into my milk , my phone beeps . 
 i drop everything and grab it . 
 trent : what do you have in mind ? 
 flutters stir in my chest . 
 damn flutters ! 
 i had n't thought that far ahead . 
 i have no idea what 's playing . 
 i decide to be lighthearted . 
 me : depends . 
 you okay with nudity ? 
 this time , trent 's response comes right away . 
 trent : define nudity . 
 okay , good . 
 he 's playing along . 
 me : well ... first i take my top off ... i nibble on my fingernail , waiting to see what he comes back with . 
 i do n't get a response . 
 maybe i went too far , too soon . 
 maybe he 's still annoyed with me . 
 maybe ... i hear a door slam shut . 
 a shadow passes by our window and a second later , someone is pounding on my apartment door . 
 it has to be trent . 
 i run to the door and throw it open , struggling to conceal my eagerness . 
 there he is , in a pair of jeans and a loose t-shirt , his hair slightly mussed , bright blue eyes spilling over my body , settling on my chest for a long moment . 
 i 'm not wearing a bra and there 's no doubt he can see my ni ** les ' reaction to him . 
 when that gaze lifts back to my face ... whoa ... it 's just the right mixture of anger , frustration , and smoldering hot to make me bite my bottom lip . 
 and that 's all it takes to push him over the brink . 
 `` god , kacey , '' he growls and takes two quick steps in to slam against my body , his hands quickly seizing my biceps as his mouth claims mine . 
 dipping my head back , he forces his tongue into my mouth , demolishing me with a depth of need i 've never experienced before . 
 this is the real trent , i realize . 
 unleashed . 
 i struggle to stay upright as my body slackens under his intensity . 
 leading me backward , trent sandwiches me between himself and the back of the couch and i quickly become aware of how turned on he is . 
 suddenly i 'm off my feet and perched on the headrest , trent 's hips fitting snug between my thighs . 
 his arms fold around me . 
 one hand clutches the back of my neck , while the other sweeps my hair to the side to expose my neck . 
 his lips slide first to my throat , and then along my jaw line , up to my ear . 
 `` you enjoy torturing me , sending mixed messages , do n't you , kacey ? '' 
 it comes out in a growl , pulsating through every single one of my nerves . 
 then his mouth is back on mine , this time even hungrier , more insistent , and it 's all i can do to get a breath in . 
 he presses harder against me as a hand slips under the hem of my shirt and climbs to cup the swell of my breast , his thumb stroking my nipple , shooting a current through to my depths . 
 the sudden trent onslaught threw me completely off my game-all my senses assaulted . 
 but i finally catch a handle on my wits , enough to will my hands to his chest , my fingers raking along his abs to hook tight around his belt buckle . 
 i yank him hard against me until his erection digs into me . 
 `` is this clear enough ? '' 
 i growl back . 
 `` i 'm not the one who wants to take things slow . '' 
 trent breaks free , a wild dark look in his eyes , as if he 's shocked . 
 he pulls me down off the couch and then , spinning on his heels , he storms out of our apartment , yelling , `` do n't send any more f ** king texts like that ! '' 
 i 'm left standing there , shocked , speechless , and turned on as hell . 
 he 's angry ? 
 he 's angry ! 
 he 's f ** king angry ! 
 i stomp over to the table and snatch my phone . 
 me : what the hell was that ? 
 it takes two minutes but my phone beeps with a message : trent : you enjoy testing my will power . 
 stop torturing me . 
 what ? 
 me torturing him ? 
 he 's the one with this stupid , `` thou shalt go slow '' crap ! 
 me : one little text hardly qualifies as torture . 
 trent : it 's not just the one text . 
 me : well then come back here . 
 trent : no , i told you we 're taking this slow . 
 me : i think that ship sailed with your little stare down game the other morning . 
 according to the very wise bible , we 're an old married couple . 
 i smirk with my bible comment . 
 aunt darla would have a coronary if she knew how i was using it to my advantage . 
 the smile is torn clean off my face when my phone chimes again . 
 trent : you need help . 
 i stare at those three words for a long moment , gritting my teeth . 
 it 's not a surprise to me that he says it . 
 he 's said it before . 
 somehow though , seeing it in twelve point font feels different . 
 official . 
 i do n't respond . 
 a minute later ... trent : you 've been through a terrible ordeal and you 've bottled everything up . 
 you 're going to explode one day . 
 here we go . 
 i rub my forehead with frustration . 
 persistent fool . 
 me : what ? 
 you want the gory details about how i lost my parents , best friend and boyfriend , all in one night ? 
 does that kind of thing get you off ? 
 that fire inside me rages again , the same one from three days ago when he forced me into that therapy session . 
 i put the phone down and inhale deeply , trying to douse it before it takes control . 
 i ca n't stop myself from reading the next text when the phone chimes . 
 i want you to trust me enough to tell me about it . 
 or someone , at least . 
 me : this is n't about trust ! 
 i 've told you that already ! 
 my past is my past and i need to bury it where it belongs-in . 
 the . 
 past . 
 trent : you 're vulnerable and i 'm taking advantage of you by letting things like what just happened , happen . 
 i groan with exasperation . 
 me : please , take advantage of me ! 
 i 'm giving you permission ! 
 trent does n't answer . 
 i sigh , deciding to treat his concerns seriously . 
 me : i 'm fine , trent . 
 believe me . 
 i 'm better than i 've been in a long time . 
 trent : no . 
 you just think you are . 
 i think you 're suffering from a serious case of p.t.s.d. i fling the phone against the wall that adjoins our apartment , seething . 
 metal and plastic sails through the air as the thing shatters . 
 everyone wants to be my personal f ** king shrink . 
 *** i 'm astonished when trent show up at penny 's that night . 
 more so , i ca n't keep my mouth from hanging agape as i watch him sit down by the bar , just like he did before , acting like we had n't just had a nuclear-sized fight . 
 i raise my chin a notch . 
 i 'm not going to apologize . 
 no damn way . 
 a box with a red bow magically appears in front of him . 
 he slides it forward , his dimples forcing a smile on my face whether i like it or not . 
 dammit ! 
 of course i go over and open it . 
 who does n't love presents ? 
 inside is a brand new iphone . 
 `` was n't hard to figure out what that loud bang was against my wall when you did n't answer my next text , '' trent murmurs , an amused smirk on his face . 
 `` oh yeah ? '' 
 i slide my tongue over my teeth , acting all cool and unaffected . 
 inside , i 'm not . 
 i 'm so not unaffected by trent right now . 
 `` what 'd the text say ? '' 
 he shrugs , now feigning indifference as well . 
 i know he 's faking it too . 
 that twinkle in his eye is his only tell . 
 `` i guess you 'll never know . '' 
 he exhales deeply as he holds my stare . 
 it 's like the afternoon tension does n't exist anymore , and i do n't see how that 's possible because i still feel it . 
 he 's up to something . 
 i ca n't figure out what though . 
 `` just think , our afternoon could have gone a completely different direction had you not smashed your phone to smithereens , '' he says , sliding a straw into his mouth . 
 his eyes blaze with intentions . 
 inside , it 's all i can do to stop myself from leaping over the bar and into trent 's lap . 
 that 's inside . 
 outside , i 'm cool as a november chill . 
 `` what can i say ? 
 i have anger management issues . '' 
 his mouth twists as if in thought . 
 `` you need to find a way to deal with those issues . '' 
 `` i have . 
 it 's called pounding on a bag of sand . '' 
 his brow arches playfully . 
 `` clearly it 's not working well . '' 
 i lean forward over the bar , resting my body on my elbows . 
 `` and what would you suggest i pound on instead ? '' 
 `` jeez ! 
 would you two just give in already ? '' 
 storm calls out with mock exasperation , a martini shaker in her hand . 
 i had n't realized how loud we were . 
 glancing to my other side , i see nate 's smirk , and i instantly flush . 
 i do n't know why , but i do . 
 i 'm always flushing lately . 
 trent does n't answer storm or me , taking a long sip of his soda instead , and i delude myself into thinking that maybe he 's finally given up on pushing me to deal with things long since buried . 
 maybe this can work . 
 *** over the next few weeks , trent holds true to his word about making me smile . 
 unfortunately , he also holds true to his word about taking things slow . 
 only this time , he actually does . 
 after those few short and hot slip ups , the true unrestrained trent is chained and the one who occupies my time gives nothing more than guarded kisses and hand-holding . 
 it 's enough to drive me insane . 
 each day , i hop onto trent 's bike , wrap my arms around his chest , and i let him whisk me off . 
 it always starts off with the gym , likely because he does n't want to see me smash my phone against the wall again . 
 i 'm finding now though that i do n't have as much desire and focus to run through my drills with him around . 
 those take attention and determination and , let 's face it , bottled up rage . 
 trent has a dousing effect on my rage . 
 we end up goofing off and play fighting until we get dirty looks and decide to leave . 
 by that point i 'm usually so hot and bothered by trent though that i 'm okay with jumping into the shower . 
 i keep hoping he 'll lose his way and stumble in there . 
 he never does . 
 the rest of the days are busy . 
 paint ball fighting , bike riding along the miami boardwalk , a dolphin 's game , restaurants , cafes , ice cream shops , a frisbee league . 
 it 's like trent 's got a `` make kacey smile , '' itinerary and it 's jam-packed . 
 by the time i get to work each night , my face hurts from so much smiling . 
 `` do n't you ever work ? '' 
 i ask him one day as we walk down the sidewalk . 
 he shrugs , squeezing my hand . 
 `` i 'm between contracts . '' 
 `` huh . 
 well , are n't you worried about paying bills ? 
 you 're blowing all your money on me . '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 `` must be nice , '' i mutter dryly , but i do n't press any further . 
 i just walk down the sidewalk , hand in hand with trent , letting my body absorb the sun 's warmth . 
 and i smile . 
 *** `` why do n't you stay until close ? '' 
 i murmur quietly . 
 trent 's hand slides across his mouth as if considering how to answer me . 
 `` because then i 'll have to walk you home . '' 
 i frown , slightly taken aback . 
 `` yeah , i can see how that would be horrific . '' 
 `` no , you do n't get it . '' 
 his gaze slides to my mouth before lifting back to my eyes . 
 `` what do you think will happen when i walk you to your door ? '' 
 i shrug , catching his drift but playing dumb , just so i can see what he says . 
 he stands up and leans in , reaching to grab an olive . 
 when he looks at me again , his eyes have that smoldering quality to them that he ca n't hide from me completely , the one that makes my knees wobble . 
 `` at home , we do n't have godzilla chaperoning us . '' 
 his head jerks toward nate , who 's ever watchful of trent 's close proximity . 
 i put on my best confused look . 
 `` well nate 's not there when you walk me to my door during the day . '' 
 he chuckles softly . 
 yup , there they are . 
 those deep dimples that i want to run my tongue against . 
 `` you know you 're shit at playing dumb . '' 
 i press my lips together to keep from smiling . 
 trent leans further against the bar , close enough that i 'm the only one who can hear him . 
 `` i have a hard enough time keeping my hands off you all day . 
 i would n't stand a chance , knowing you 're about to get undressed and climb into bed . '' 
 i brace myself against the counter as i watch him slide an olive in his mouth , his tongue curling around it . 
 so he wants to play dirty ... for the next week , i scavenge storm 's closet , picking the shortest , tightest , outfits i can find . 
 i almost take her sequined stage outfits one night . 
 i make a point of leaning over in front of trent often throughout the night , swaying my hips to the music . 
 when ben makes a snide comment about me getting ready for my first stage performance , i nail him in the solar plexus and continue on my way , earning a deep roar of laughter from nate . 
 but i ca n't seem to break this new resolve trent has . 
 he only watches , resting on his elbows with his hands folded in front of me . 
 watching me move . 
 watching me flirt with him . 
 watching me turn myself into a hot mess over him . 
 finally , one night , i lose it . 
 `` dammit , trent ! '' 
 i snap , slamming his club soda on the counter in front of him . 
 he looks taken aback . 
 `` what the hell do i have to do to get your attention ? 
 do i need to get up there ? '' 
 i throw an arm toward the stage . 
 his eyes swell for just a second , in shock . 
 he reaches forward to hold my hands , but he catches himself in time and instead folds them across his chest . 
 `` believe me , you have my full attention . '' 
 he gives me a heated look that makes my mouth dry up instantly . 
 `` you always have my attention . 
 it takes every ounce of my control not to show you how much attention you have . '' 
 as quickly as that look came , it slides off . 
 `` i want you to get help , kace , '' he says softly . 
 `` i 'm here for you , every day . 
 always . 
 i 'll stand by you the entire time , but you need to get help . 
 no human can bury their past indefinitely . 
 it 's only a matter of time before you crack . '' 
 `` this is sexual blackmail ! '' 
 i hiss . 
 first , he tried to force me into talking with that galactic hands free orgasm and that back-fired . 
 now he 's withholding completely as a means to forcing me . 
 bastard ! 
 i stalk away , refusing to look at him for the rest of the night . 
 the next shift at penny 's , trent is proven right . 
 chapter thirteen storm is doing her acrobat thing on stage and i 'm watching her , stealing frequent glances at my new phone for a text from trent . 
 nothing . 
 he 's not here tonight . 
 it 's the first night he has n't been here in a long time and i feel his absence like a missing limb . 
 maybe he 's finally given up on me . 
 maybe he realized i 'm a lost cause and he wo n't be getting laid anytime this century if he waits for me to break down and seek out therapy . 
 storm 's feet touch down on the stage to a raucous round of applause . 
 she bends down to pick up her top , covering her br ** sts as best she can with an arm . 
 i 've seen storm topless so many times by now , i do n't bat an eye . 
 in fact , i 'm getting used to naked females all around me . 
 i 'm starting to feel like the weirdo in the trench coat in the middle of a nudist beach . 
 storm 's amazing , i think for the hundredth time , as the entire place claps and hoots . 
 everyone except a scrawny guy in the corner . 
 i see him there , shouting at her , waving a fist full of money . 
 he refuses to give it to the bouncer collecting for her . 
 i get the impression that nate 's about to toss him out on his skinny ass . 
 and then i do n't know how it happens , but the guy somehow scampers past the bouncers and onto the stage , screaming , `` bitch ! '' 
 a blade appears . 
 i watch in horror as he grabs hold of storm 's hair and yanks her head back . 
 even from my distant vantage point , i see his dilated dark pupils . 
 this guy 's on something . 
 my jaw drops to scream , but nothing comes out . 
 not a sound . 
 with a swing of my arm to clear all the glasses off the bar , i spring over and run , shoving people out of the way , kicking and kneeing and punching as i clear a path through . 
 blood rushes to my head and my feet pound the ground with each heartbeat and all i can think is that i 'm going to lose her . 
 another friend , dead . 
 mia will grow up without her mother . 
 this ca n't be happening again . 
 i reach the stage to find a cluster of tight black shirts hovering . 
 i ca n't see storm . 
 i ca n't see anything . 
 i push and shove and claw , but i ca n't get past the wall . 
 my hands fly to my throat , assuming the worst possible outcome hidden beneath this horde of bodies . 
 and i pray . 
 i pray to whoever decided to keep me alive that they grant the same grace for storm , who deserves it far more than i ever did . 
 a giant erupts from the crowd bouncers . 
 nate . 
 and he has the guy within his grasp . 
 he stalks past me with a menacing look , the guy dangling by the neck from one of his fists . 
 i hope he squeezes too tight and crushes the man 's larynx . 
 but that hope has n't calmed my nerves a bit because storm is somewhere in there and i still do n't know if she 's alive . 
 `` storm ! '' 
 i scream . 
 finally the wall of bouncers breaks apart . 
 ben guides me through with a hand on my back to find storm huddled awkwardly on the floor , her limbs folded into themselves . 
 a pang of alarm stabs me . 
 she looks so much like jenny did in the car . 
 i dive to her side . 
 `` oh , kacey ! '' 
 she cries and throws herself on my shoulder . 
 `` all i could think of was mia . '' 
 i 'm shaking . 
 `` you 're alive . 
 you 're alive . 
 thank god you 're alive , '' i mumble over and over as my hands grope her arms , her neck , her shoulders . 
 no blood . 
 no wounds . 
 `` i 'm okay , kacey . 
 i 'm okay . '' 
 her cheeks are red and tear-stained , her makeup smeared all over her face , but she 's smiling now . 
 `` yes , '' i confirm , swallowing the painful ball in my throat . 
 `` you 're not going to die . 
 you 're okay . 
 i have n't lost you . '' 
 i 'm too close to storm . 
 too close to getting hurt like i did when i lost jenny . 
 an avalanche of memories crushes any semblance of relief i should feel right now . 
 suddenly , i 'm trapped in the past , with a best friend who i 'd known since we were two , who shared days and nights filled with laughter and tears , anger and excitement . 
 an acute ache blossoms in my chest as i realize they 're all the memories i hope to create with storm too . 
 all the things that man just tried to steal from me . 
 with a hint of trepidation , storm reaches forward and takes my hand in hers . 
 i had n't breathed since i leapt over the bar . 
 now i let the air out of my lungs . 
 and something snaps inside me . 
 i do n't know how to describe it other than to say it 's like the little needle on my moral compass breaks in half . 
 as if a hate bomb detonates inside me . 
 he tried to steal my second chance from me . 
 he needs to pay . 
 fluorescent lights now shine down over the inside of penny 's , casting an unpleasant glow over the spilled drinks , empty bottles and garbage as bouncers usher patrons out . 
 i catch nate 's broad shoulders as he rounds the corner toward the back exit , the guy still within his grip . 
 my teeth crack against each other . 
 i 'm faintly aware of trent standing near the front entrance . 
 he 's pointing toward the stage and arguing with a bouncer to let him pass . 
 my attention lingers over him for a split second , but nothing really registers , driven back to the hall where that vile creature , the one who tried to rob me of my new life , left . 
 i 'm up and running . 
 i 'm shoving grown men out of the way as i tear down the hall after nate . 
 i round a corner in time to see his enormous frame pass through the back door . 
 as i speed to catch up , my heart beat racing , blood rushing to my head , i sense my hand grab an empty glass bottle sitting on a crate . 
 without a distinct thought or message to my body , my hand smashes it against the wall , sending shards of glass flying . 
 my fist squeezes the neck tightly , imagining how sharp the broken edges must be . 
 how effective they must be . 
 when i plow through the back door , i find storm 's attacker standing in the parking lot . 
 alone . 
 perfect . 
 without uttering a sound , i charge forward , my arm drawing behind my back as i ready my aim . 
 the weasel turns to see me and his beady little eyes widen . 
 six feet , five feet , four feet ... my arm is just about to catapult around to plunge the broken glass deep into his chest , to let him physically feel the level of pain i would have had to face had he been successful in his attack , when two giant trunks sweep in and lift me off the ground , securing my arms tight against me . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i scream . 
 now i 'm kicking and screaming with everything i 'm made of . 
 my teeth clamp down on nate 's arms and sink in , tasting copper . 
 he grunts , but does n't stop , carrying me back inside the doorway . 
 he drops me on the ground and leans forward to meet me eye to eye , his hands still securing my arms . 
 `` let the police take care of it , kacey ! '' 
 the rumble in his voice vibrates through me . 
 `` police ? '' 
 i frown and peer out past him . 
 the weasel is n't alone . 
 four cruisers with flashing lights line the parking lot and a dozen officers mill about , scratching notes down as witnesses recount the scene of events . 
 somehow i had n't seen them . 
 `` ohmigod . '' 
 i stumble back , vomit rising into my throat , the bottle slipping from my fingers to tumble to the floor as i clutch my middle . 
 `` i got you before they saw what you were about to do . 
 no one saw anything and if they did , they 'll let it go , '' nate promises , his dark gaze searing deep into my face as if looking for something . 
 for a demon , lurking , perhaps . 
 `` kacey ! '' 
 a breathless trent yells as he catches up with me . 
 i 'm hyperventilating by this point , my chest heaving like i 'm fighting for my last breath . 
 the one i can never seem to catch . 
 his attention falls to the broken bottle lying by my feet . 
 `` god , kacey . 
 what were you about to do ? '' 
 i 'm swallowing and struggling for air and shaking my head and trembling all at the same time . 
 `` i do n't know , i do n't know . 
 i do n't know , '' i mutter over and over again . 
 but i know . 
 i know what i almost did . 
 i almost killed a man . 
 *** street lights pass by all at once and not at all as dan drives us home in his police car . 
 i know trent is somewhere behind us on his bike and all i can think of is the look of horror on his face . 
 what were you about to do ? 
 he asked . 
 and he knew . 
 no doubt he knew . 
 storm helps me out of the car as if it were me attacked , not her . 
 how is she acting so normal ? 
 one step forward . 
 one step forward . 
 one step forward . 
 `` kacey , i 'm okay . 
 i promise , '' i vaguely hear storm say as she leads me hand in hand toward the apartment . 
 i know she 's fine and i 'm thankful . 
 but i 'm struggling . 
 i 'm fighting to keep myself from crumbling into pieces on the sidewalk . 
 i almost killed a man tonight . 
 aunt darla 's counselors were right all along ... one step forward . 
 one step forward . 
 one step - fingers snap in front of my face and break my trance . 
 i look over to see an ocean of worry in storm 's blue eyes . 
 `` i think she 's in shock , '' she says to someone else , clearly not me . 
 `` no , good . 
 i 'm good . 
 good , '' i mumble and suddenly i 'm grasping for storm 's biceps and squeezing , panic surging . 
 `` do n't tell livie . 
 please ? '' 
 she ca n't find out what i almost did . 
 storm nods . 
 i see her exchange worried looks with trent and dan . 
 `` come on . '' 
 the ground disappears as a set of strong arms scoops me up . 
 in seconds trent has me laying on my bed and he 's pulling the covers over me . 
 `` no , i 'm not tired , '' i mumble , struggling weakly to get up . 
 `` just ... rest . 
 please ? '' 
 trent says softly . 
 his hand smooths over my cheek and i grab it , holding it tight , pressing my lips against his palm . 
 `` stay . '' 
 i hear the desperation in my voice . 
 `` of course , kacey , '' he whispers . 
 he kicks off his shoes and climbs into bed next to me . 
 i close my eyes and nuzzle in his chest , reveling in the warmth of his body , the pound of his heartbeat , the smell of him . 
 `` you hate me , do n't you ? 
 you must hate me . 
 i ca n't help it . 
 i 'm broken . '' 
 trent squeezes me close to him . 
 `` i do n't hate you . 
 i could never hate you . 
 give me your heart , kacey . 
 i 'll take everything that comes with it . '' 
 i start to cry . 
 uncontrollably , for the first time in four years . 
 *** `` pull my finger . '' 
 jenny giggles hysterically . 
 she giggles every time billy says that . 
 and i roll my eyes , just like i do every time he says that . 
 `` so hot , billy . 
 take me now . '' 
 `` kacey , '' my mother admonishes , overhearing me . 
 billy winks and squeezes my hand tight and i squeeze back . 
 mom and dad are in the front , talking about next week 's game and how i need to get my license soon so they do n't have to cart my ass around anymore . 
 of course i know they 're joking . 
 they 'd never miss one of my rugby games . 
 `` would you stop being so cheap and just buy me that damn porsche already , dad ? '' 
 `` language , kacey , '' my dad scolds but looks over his shoulder to throw me a smile . 
 i know he 's beaming inside . 
 i scored the winning try at tonight 's rugby game , after all . 
 everything next happens in a fog . 
 my body jerks violently . 
 something smacks into it . 
 a weight presses down hard against my right side . 
 i feel myself tossed and turned . 
 and then it all just ... stops . 
 and i 'm vaguely aware that something is very wrong . 
 `` mom ? 
 dad ? '' 
 there 's no answer . 
 it 's hard to breathe . 
 something squeezes my ribs . 
 my right side feels numb . 
 and i hear a strange gurgle . 
 i listen closely . 
 it sounds like someone taking their last breath . 
 i bolt upright , my body drenched in sweat , my heart pounding against its confines , racing so fast i do n't know where one beat ends and the next begins . 
 for a moment , i curl up into a tight ball and rock , trying to shake that dreaded knowledge that i had caused the accident . 
 that it was me who distracted my dad with my smart ass remarks . 
 that , if i had n't distracted him , he would have seen the car coming and could have avoided it . 
 but i know i ca n't change it now anyway . 
 i ca n't change anything . 
 i 'm relieved to find trent lying next to me , his bare chest rising and falling slowly . 
 he has n't abandoned me yet . 
 the street light outside casts a pleasant glow over his body and i sit quietly and take it in , wanting to mold myself to it . 
 i fight against the urge to touch it , to trace my fingers along its perfectly sculpted curves . 
 with a sigh , i stand and walk over to my dresser on wobbly legs , wondering how long before this new life falls apart too . 
 before i lose trent , and storm , and mia . 
 this new life was almost dismantled tonight . 
 just like that . 
 i should just walk away , i tell myself . 
 disappear and end all of these relationships that have been forced on me and spare everyone more heart ache . 
 but i know that 's not possible . 
 i 'm in too deep . 
 i 've somehow made room for all of them in my life and my heart . 
 that or they 've made room for me in theirs . 
 either way , with each passing day , i wo n't survive the void that will be left when they 're gone . 
 with my back to trent 's sleeping form , i let my soaked dress drop to the floor . 
 i unsnap my bra and toss it alongside the dress . 
 my panties follow next . 
 removing a tank top and shorts from my top drawer , i 'm considering hopping in the shower to cool off when a soft voice says , `` you have the prettiest red hair . '' 
 i freeze , my cheeks flaming , acutely aware that i am standing completely naked in front of a guy that can make me climax with the right look . 
 i hear the bed creak and footsteps approach slowly , but i do n't move . 
 trent edges up behind me and the air in the room grows thicker . 
 i ca n't turn around . 
 i ca n't face him and i do n't know why . 
 i can feel his very existence as if it 's wrapping its hand around my soul , cradling it , trying to protect it from harm and i 'm terrified . 
 terrified because i do n't ever want the feeling to end . 
 every nerve in my body short-circuits . 
 i stiffen as his hand grazes my shoulder before shifting my hair over to one side , exposing one side of my neck as he likes to do . 
 a cool breeze tickles there as he leans down close . 
 `` you 're so very beautiful . 
 all of you . '' 
 he yanks my pjs out of my grasp and lets them drop to the ground as he takes my hand in his . 
 his mouth trails off to my right shoulder and he begins to sweep across my scar line with tiny kisses , sending shivers everywhere . 
 pushing my arm up so my hand rests on my head , i sense him shifting his body . 
 down , down , he continues , his mouth moving gently along my rib cage , over my hip , all the way to my outer thigh , kissing each line marking my tragic past . 
 the entire time , my left hand holds his while my other one rests on my head . 
 and my body trembles with anticipation . 
 trent 's hands move to grip the outsides of my thighs securely as he lays a final kiss on my tail bone and i wobble slightly from weakened knees . 
 i sense him standing behind me again , his hands skating back up and around to my belly , pulling my body firmly against him , letting me feel him hard against my back . 
 my head falls back against his chest with a mixture of excitement and frustration-excited that trent is allowing me close to him again after weeks of keeping me away , frustrated that this will end all too abruptly . 
 but he shows no signs of ending this now as his hands continue up to slip over the contours of my br ** sts , cupping their fullness . 
 i hear the sharp intake of air in his lungs . 
 slowly , he turns me around and pins my arms behind my back . 
 i do n't know why , but i ca n't bring myself to look at him , so i stare at the tiny scar line along his collar bone instead , and feel his chest rise and fall against mine , my ni ** les hardening as they graze against his skin . 
 my breath comes out in short pants as he leans down and whispers , `` look at me , kacey . '' 
 i do . 
 i look up and let myself sink into those blue eyes , so full of worry and pain and desire . 
 `` i 'll make you whole again , kacey . 
 i promise you , i will , '' he whispers . 
 and then his mouth covers mine . 
 i 'm faintly aware of the wall now flattening against my back , of his boxers dropping to the ground , of strong arms lifting me up , of my legs wrapping around his hips , of feeling him against me . 
 pushing inside me . 
 making me whole . 
 *** it 's still dark outside when i wake again . 
 this time my head rests on trent 's chest , my body entwined with his . 
 his fingers doodling over my back tells me he 's awake . 
 it 's not a nightmare that 's woken me up this time . 
 it 's storm and dan 's raised voices through the wall . 
 `` he could have killed you , nora , '' dan yells . 
 `` forget the money . 
 you do n't need the money . '' 
 storm 's voice is n't nearly as loud or booming , but i manage to hear it all the same . 
 `` you think i spent all those years training with a place like penny 's as my goal ? 
 i screwed up , dan . 
 i made bad choices and i have to live with them . 
 for now . 
 for mia . '' 
 `` mia is who i 'm thinking about . 
 what if that guy killed you tonight ? 
 who would take care of her ? 
 her father ? 
 from prison ? '' 
 there 's a quiet moment and then dan starts yelling again . 
 `` i do n't know if i can do this , nora . 
 i ca n't be afraid you 're going to die every time you go to work . '' 
 i snort . 
 `` look who 's talking , '' i mutter to myself , but then i bite my tongue . 
 this is between them . 
 `` well , i 'm not making decisions based on what some man wants because when you 're gone and i 'm still here , i have to live with the outcome . '' 
 i hear her voice crack at the end and i know she 's crying . 
 the yelling dies down and i 'm glad . 
 i do n't want to hear dan and storm break up . 
 `` can i ask you something without you getting angry , kacey ? '' 
 trent asks into the darkness . 
 `` uh huh , '' i agree without thinking . 
 `` what do you know about the driver who hit your car ? '' 
 my body instantly tenses . 
 `` he was drunk . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` and nothing . '' 
 `` nothing at all ? 
 no name , face , anything ? '' 
 i pause , deciding if i want to answer . 
 `` name . 
 that 's it . '' 
 `` do you remember it ? '' 
 i inhale sharply . 
 i 'll never forget . 
 `` sasha daniels . '' 
 `` what happened to him ? '' 
 `` he died . '' 
 there 's a long pause as trent continues drawing swirls on my back and i start to believe the conversation is over . 
 stupid girl . 
 `` was he alone ? '' 
 i hesitate but decide to answer . 
 `` he had two friends . 
 derek maynard and cole reynolds . 
 derek and sasha were n't wearing seat belts . 
 they were both thrown from their vehicle . '' 
 my head rises and lowers with trent 's deep breath . 
 `` has the survivor-this cole guy-made contact with you ? '' 
 i close my eyes and enjoy the warmth of trent 's chest , fighting the dread as he drags me back into the deep , dark place . 
 `` his family tried . 
 i filed restraining orders and told the police that if any of them so much as approach me or livie , i 'd kill them all . '' 
 at the time , i was bound to a bed and unable to move , let alone murder . 
 still , the cops came through with passing the message along . 
 now though , now i know i 'm capable of anything . 
 of murder . 
 trent 's fingers stop drawing on my back and he hugs me protectively . 
 `` i 'm going to suggest something , kacey . 
 please do n't get mad . '' 
 i do n't answer . 
 i just listen to his heartbeat . 
 i let it consume me . 
 i feel it with every fiber of my body . 
 `` i think you should meet this cole guy . 
 maybe there 'd be some sort of closure . 
 you two are the only survivors of a horrific accident . 
 you have something in common . '' 
 now i sit up . 
 i sit up and stare at trent . 
 i stare at him like he 's grown five heads and set three of them on fire and the other two are eating the flaming heads . 
 pacing my racing heart and calming myself , i speak . 
 `` i will say this once and never again . '' 
 my voice is even . 
 i do n't yell , i do n't cry , i do n't shake . 
 `` i do not want to see , or talk to , or know cole reynolds . '' 
 the name twists my mouth with distain . 
 `` it was his car that plowed into ours . 
 he handed his keys to his friend who then shattered my life to smithereens . 
 i hope wherever he is , he is suffering . 
 i hope everyone he loves has abandoned him . 
 i hope he does n't have a dime and has to eat cat food and maggots . 
 i hope he goes to sleep every night and wakes up reliving that terrible night . 
 reliving what he did to me . 
 to livie . '' 
 i let out a vacuous sigh and lie back down on trent 's chest as if unloading that sheer magnitude of hatred is somehow liberating . 
 `` and then i hope his balls catch on fire . '' 
 my voice is cold and hard . 
 i do n't bother to conceal the hatred of my words . 
 i unleash full-heartedly . 
 i revel in it . 
 hatred good . 
 forgiveness bad . 
 silence takes over as trent 's arms tighten around me , his chin resting on the top of my head . 
 i feel a new tension in him and i 'm not surprised . 
 i stare at the wall and wonder just how screwed up cole reynolds ' life really is . 
 i wonder if he 's resorted to working in a strip club to give his sister the life she deserves . 
 i wonder if he had to abandon his dreams of college . 
 i wonder if he winces in pain with every rain fall because his body is held together with metal . 
 but most of all , i wonder what trent thinks of his pretty little f ** ked up redhead now . 
 *** i wake up to an empty room and a note on my pillow . 
 five words . 
 had to go . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i assume trent has a new work contract . 
 still , i 'm disappointed . 
 i could use another dose of his body if he 's willing to administer . 
 i roll out of bed and stretch , the horror of last night at penny 's pushed aside in favor of my memories of a night with trent . 
 it 's been so long since i felt that . 
 scratch that . 
 i never felt that . 
 sex was never like that with billy . 
 i cared deeply about him , but we were young and inexperienced . 
 trent 's not inexperienced . 
 trent knows exactly what he 's doing and he does it very well . 
 and , something 's just different with trent . 
 he 's like ripe watermelon after a lifetime of thirst . 
 he 's like air after years under water . 
 he 's like life . 
 stage six ~ withdrawal chapter fourteen i walk into storm 's apartment to find mia waiting expectantly like a wide-mouth bass while dan , in striped boxers no less , tosses cheerios into her mouth . 
 i guess storm and dan made up . 
 relief swells inside me . 
 i like seeing storm with him . 
 he stops the game to take me in with a worried look . 
 `` how are you feeling today ? '' 
 `` good . '' 
 i smile as i pop a cheerio into my mouth . 
 dan does n't know me . 
 he does n't know how skilled i am at entombing horrid memories . 
 i 'm a master . 
 in only hours , it 's all but forgotten and , as long as no one brings it up , it will stay that way . 
 i walk over to storm , who 's mixing batter in a big glass bowl . 
 `` pancakes ? '' 
 she holds up a ladle . 
 i nod , patting my stomach . 
 `` did you see livie this morning ? '' 
 storm nods . 
 `` she left for school not long ago . '' 
 she drops a spoonful of pancake mix onto the griddle and the kitchen fills with the sizzling sound . 
 she fixes me with the same worried look that dan just gave me . 
 `` how are you feeling , really ? '' 
 `` i 'm ... good . 
 i 'm better . '' 
 `` you sure ? 
 dan knows a guy you can talk to if it 'll help . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` i 'm good . 
 seeing you here , alive and well , and serving me pancakes is all i need . '' 
 i rub her back with one hand as i grab a plate of food with the other . 
 yup , this is exactly what i need . 
 storm and mia , and livie and trent . 
 even dan . 
 this all i need right now . 
 *** me : i have the night off . 
 you coming over ? 
 i wait and wait but i get no text response from trent . 
 impatient , i walk over to his apartment and knock . 
 no answer . 
 his place is pitch black . 
 then i wander out to the commons on a fake mission to inspect the hibachi . 
 really , i want to see if trent 's bike is there . 
 it is . 
 i go and knock on his door again and wait . 
 still no response . 
 cain wo n't let either of us work that night . 
 in fact , he 's forced storm to take an entire week with danger pay . 
 i 'll bet dan is happy about that . 
 by the light bounce in storm 's step , i think she 's okay with it too . 
 i would be happy too . 
 if trent was here . 
 i do n't hear from trent the next day . 
 or the next . 
 no text . 
 no call . 
 it 's like he 's dropped off the face of the earth . 
 i go back to penny 's on the third night with a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach . 
 the music 's dull , the lights are blinding , the customers ' annoying . 
 it 's not the same without trent and storm there and i 'm miserable . 
 i ca n't even force a smile while concentrating . 
 i know storm will be back in a few days . 
 trent though , i feel his absence like a knife in the center of my back . 
 it 's painful , i ca n't reach it to pull it out , and i 'm sure it will be my demise if it stays as is . 
 trent being gone eats at me all week . 
 it makes me grouchy and snappy and generally unpleasant to be around . 
 i 'm well aware of it , and i do n't care . 
 it makes me start fights with livie on my one night off over what to watch on television . 
 it makes her start to cry and call me a bitch . 
 livie never does that . 
 it makes me lurk through the commons every night , casting furtive glances at 1d . 
 the end result is the same . 
 darkness . 
 where ever he went , trent 's not back . 
 what if he 's never coming back ? 
 *** day five . 
 i scream in horror as i watch my parents ' audi sink into the river , my eyes locked on the person trapped behind the wheel . 
 trent . 
 i 'm a sweaty tangled mess in my sheets when i come to , gasping . 
 it was just a dream ! 
 oh , thank god ! 
 it takes me a good fifteen minutes to shake the image scalding my mind . 
 only now i ca n't shake the idea . 
 what if trent did get into an accident ? 
 no one would call me . 
 i 'm nobody . 
 i have n't had a chance to be anybody yet . 
 i harass storm to give me dan 's number . 
 then i harass him to check the police reports of a ` trent emerson ' in an accident . 
 he tells me he ca n't abuse his position like that . 
 i snap and slam my phone against the counter . 
 then i call him back and apologize , and he concedes to bring his laptop so i can search the news , the obits . 
 anything . 
 it 's well into the night before i accept that trent is probably alive and well . 
 he 's just not with me . 
 *** day nine . 
 wandering past trent 's apartment door on my way to the gym , i freeze . 
 i 'm sure i just caught a whiff of something funky . 
 ohmigod . 
 trent 's dead . 
 i run to tanner 's door and hammer on it until it flies open . 
 tanner 's standing there with his standard batman pajama pants and deer-caught-in-the-headlight eyes . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 i grab his arm and yank him out . 
 `` you need to open 1d right now ! '' 
 tanner uses his weight to resist me . 
 `` wait a minute . 
 i ca n't just open - '' `` i think trent 's dead ! '' 
 i shriek . 
 that gets him moving . 
 i wait behind him with itchy feet as he fumbles with his giant key ring , his hands shaking . 
 he 's bothered by this . 
 of course he is . 
 when he opens the door , i shove past him , not even considering what i 'm rushing in to see . 
 it 's dim and tidy inside . 
 sparse , even . 
 i would n't know someone lived there had it not been for a laptop sitting on the desk , trent 's navy sweater hanging over the back of the couch , and the smell of his cologne lingering in the air . 
 tanner moves past me , and does a quick sweep of the bedrooms and bathroom . 
 he even opens the closet door . 
 when he comes back to face me , it 's with a glower . 
 `` why exactly did you tell me trent was dead ? '' 
 i swallow , averting my gaze . 
 `` oops . '' 
 `` okay , get out of here . '' 
 he ushers me toward the door none to gently with a hand on my shoulder . 
 i hear him as he lumbers away , grumbling something about drugs and hormones . 
 *** day thirteen . 
 kick . 
 punch . 
 spin . 
 kick . 
 the bag takes my punishment without complaint . 
 i slam and pound against it , all my anger and anxiety coming to a head . 
 trent has another life . 
 that has to be it . 
 a tanned , blonde , unbroken woman . 
 they probably have two perfect little kids together who say ` please ' and ` thank you ' and have n't learned to swear like sailors because of their mother 's incessant profanity . 
 he must have run away to miami and had a quarter-life crisis affair . 
 i am nothing but someone 's quarter-life crisis and i fell for it like a mindless sap . 
 kick pivot . 
 spin . 
 kick . 
 this feels good . 
 i feel like i 'm gaining control again . 
 later , at storm 's house , i sit on the couch and watch an episode of sponge bob with mia . 
 lying next to me on the cushion is a dark-haired ken doll . 
 it kind of reminds me of trent . 
 i give serious consideration to stealing it , painting ` trent ' over its chest , and taking a lighter to where its man parts should be . 
 *** day seventeen . 
 `` was he real ? '' 
 i mumble , staring at the phone in my hand . 
 i did n't buy this for myself , did i ? 
 `` what ? '' 
 livie asks , looking up at me in surprise . 
 `` trent , was he real ? 
 i mean , i could understand if he was n't real . 
 who could be that beautiful and sweet and perfect and want someone as f ** ked up as me ? '' 
 there 's a long pause and when i look over at livie , she 's staring at me like i swallowed a bag of broken glass . 
 i can tell she 's worried about me . 
 storm 's worried about me too . 
 i think even nate is worried . 
 *** day twenty . 
 kick . 
 punch . 
 punch . 
 kick . 
 i 'm raging against the bag . 
 trent used me . 
 to what sick end , i ca n't decide . 
 he obviously has a twisted fetish . 
 he found a damaged woman and targeted her weakness with his dimples and his charm . 
 he broke through my shell , wormed his way in to melt the ice over my heart . 
 then he abandoned me after uncovering just how f ** ked up i really am . 
 but not before getting laid , of course . 
 and i let him in . 
 it 's my fault ! 
 i 'm the idiot . 
 i pound away on the twenty pound bag of sand . 
 i love the sand . 
 it absorbs all my emotions without disapproval and lets me use it without expectation . 
 `` angry about something ? '' 
 i whip around to find ben standing behind me with his arms folded over his chest and a knowing smirk on his face . 
 i turn back and execute a perfect kick . 
 `` not at all . '' 
 ben walks around to catch the bag . 
 he gestures as if to tell me to continue while he holds . 
 `` where 's your boyfriend ? '' 
 i hoof the bag extra hard , and in a way i know ben is n't expecting . 
 i hope it hits him square in the balls , just for bringing up trent . 
 it does n't , but it does earn a grunt . 
 `` what boyfriend ? '' 
 `` the one who 's always at the bar . '' 
 `` have you seen him at the bar lately ? '' 
 punch . 
 there 's a long pause . 
 `` no , suppose i have n't . '' 
 `` well , then , lawyer boy , what would you deduce from that ? 
 or are you not able to ? 
 you 're not going to make a very good lawyer if that 's the case . '' 
 another kick to the bag . 
 another grunt from ben . 
 `` so you 're unattached again ? '' 
 `` i 've always been unattached . '' 
 `` right . 
 well , then , how about we go out tonight ? '' 
 `` i 'm working . '' 
 `` so am i. let 's grab an early dinner and head over together . '' 
 `` sure , fine . 
 whatever , '' i say without thinking . 
 i do n't want to think . 
 ben 's brow arches . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 i stop kicking now and wipe the layer of sweat from my brow with my forearm . 
 `` is n't that what you wanted to hear ? '' 
 `` well , yeah , but i was expecting a ` drop dead ' answer instead . '' 
 `` i 'm good for that too . '' 
 `` no , no ! '' 
 ben quickly answers , backing away from me . 
 `` i 'll come get you at six ? '' 
 `` fine , '' i say , flying through the air with a perfect round house . 
 *** `` what did i agree to ? '' 
 i ask myself as i stand under the hot water , staring up at the showerhead , imagining another red serpent there to scare the daylights out of me . 
 if i screamed loud enough , would trent magically appear ? 
 would he break down the door again ? 
 i would n't let him leave this time . 
 not a chance . 
 i run into livie in the kitchen . 
 we 've hardly talked since our fight . 
 `` i 'm sorry , livie , '' is all i say . 
 she ropes her arm around my waist . 
 `` he 's a jerk , kacey . '' 
 `` a stupid jerk , '' i mumble . 
 `` a big stupid jerk , '' she answers . 
 it 's a game we used to play when we were little . 
 it drove our parents batty . 
 `` a big stupid smelly jerk . '' 
 `` a big stupid smelly jerk with hemorrhoids . '' 
 i slap my forehead . 
 `` oh ! 
 and she pulls out the ` roids for the win ! '' 
 livie giggles . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 i slide out from her grip to put my shoes on . 
 `` out . '' 
 `` like on a date ? '' 
 livie 's face lights up . 
 i hold my hand up to stall her excitement . 
 `` ben 's a meathead from work . 
 we 're grabbing a bite and then he 's driving me to work and i 'll smash his nuts if he tries anything . '' 
 there 's a knock on the door . 
 `` one meathead , coming right up ! '' 
 i joke as i throw open the door , expecting to find ben 's giant frame and obnoxious grin filling the doorway . 
 i stumble back two steps as the air is knocked out of my lungs . 
 it 's trent . 
 chapter fifteen `` hey , '' he offers , sliding his aviator glasses off to show me those beautiful two-toned blue eyes that i could lose myself in . 
 i stare into those eyes , feeling the blood drain from my body as i watch the full gamut of emotions play across his face-relief , guilt , grief , bitterness , and then guilt again . 
 i 'm sure there 's an array of reactions showing on my own face but i could n't identify any one of them right now . 
 and so i simply stand there , mouth agape , having lost all ability to speak . 
 livie has n't though . 
 far from it . 
 `` you ! 
 stay away from her ! '' 
 she shrieks , charging forward . 
 her movement breaks my trance , and i just manage to grab her before she rakes ten layers of trent 's skin off with flailing claws . 
 `` give us a minute , livie , '' i manage to say with complete calm . 
 inside , a torrent of sensations threaten to sweep me off my feet . 
 the door beside me sways and i fight harder to pull air into my lungs as my heart speeds up . 
 trent is back . 
 it 's as much a punch to the gut as a swell inside my chest . 
 like a bad addiction , i know it 's wrong , but , damn , does it leave me satisfied . 
 livie turns and stomps toward her room but not before throwing one last icy glare trent 's way . 
 `` hemorrhoids ! 
 remember that , kacey ! '' 
 her sudden outburst and the seriousness of her attitude ruptures my panic attack like a needle to a balloon , and i find myself chuckling . 
 god , i love that girl . 
 maybe it 's my laughter that eases trent , gives him the crazy nerve to touch me , i do n't know . 
 `` let me explain , '' he begins , his hands moving to mine . 
 i recoil , my mercurial mood snapping back to anger . 
 `` do n't you dare touch me , '' i hiss . 
 he holds his hands out in front of him-palms outward-in a sign of peace . 
 `` fair enough , kace . 
 but give me a chance to explain . '' 
 my arms cross my chest and i hug myself tightly to keep from collapsing . 
 or reaching out to him , to his warmth . 
 `` go ahead . 
 explain , '' i growl , fighting the overwhelming urge to throw myself at his body , to not listen to any excuse because none of it really matters . 
 it 's the past , and the way he makes me feel when i 'm near him is all that matters right now . 
 but i ca n't do that . 
 i ca n't weaken . 
 his lips part to speak and my knees go wobbly . 
 oh god . 
 if i have to stand in his presence for one more second , i am going to lose all my fight . 
 ben appears around the corner like a knight in shining armor . 
 `` time 's up , '' i declare a little too loud . 
 i shoulder pass past trent , slamming the apartment door shut . 
 `` hey , ben ! '' 
 it 's obvious to anyone who knows me that this is all an act . 
 i 'm never this cheery . 
 i 'm never cheery , period . 
 ben looks at me , and then at trent , and i see the wheels turning . 
 he knows he just interrupted something . 
 he 's a smart meathead . 
 `` do you want me to - '' he gestures to the exit , like he 's suggesting he could leave . 
 `` nope ! '' 
 i hook my arm through his and tug him forward , holding my head high and ben 's arm close , letting my anger fuel my steps forward . 
 inside , i feel the walls caving in . 
 *** `` you 've hardly touched your pasta , '' ben notes . 
 we 're at an italian restaurant five minutes away from penny 's . 
 `` i 've touched it plenty , '' i grumble as i stab it with my fork . 
 `` i 've touched it so much that your pasta is jealous . 
 i hear talk of a spaghetti smack down . '' 
 `` you 've hardly eaten your pasta , '' ben rephrases but smirks . 
 `` i 'm not hungry . '' 
 `` is it because of that guy ? '' 
 we 've been sitting at this restaurant for forty-five minutes and this is the first question ben asks me . 
 the rest of the time , i listen to him drone on about the shot knee that kept him from a football scholarship , and about how he wants to be a criminal lawyer in vegas because that 's where all the rich crooks live . 
 i do n't know if he does n't ask me anything because he 's a narcissist or he realizes i do n't like answering questions . 
 either way , it has suited me just fine . 
 i sigh as i pull a twenty out of my purse and toss it on the table . 
 `` we should probably get going soon . '' 
 he frowns as he hands the money back . 
 `` my treat . '' 
 `` i 'm not having sex with you . '' 
 `` whoa ! 
 who said anything about sex ? 
 i 'm just here for the meal and the pleasant company . '' 
 he acts all offended , but the glimmer in his irises tells me he 's teasing . 
 an unattractive snort escapes me . 
 `` okay , fine . 
 mediocre company . '' 
 he shoves a piece of bread into his mouth and adds with a smile , `` hot piece of ass . '' 
 `` and that 's the ben we know and love , '' i confirm with an exaggerated nod and a sugar packet to his forehead . 
 `` seriously though , '' ben starts as he scrapes the last mound of pasta from his plate . 
 i wait patiently for him to finish chewing and swallow . 
 `` why 'd you agree to come out with me ? 
 you 're obviously not over that other guy and , even if you were , i 'm no idiot . 
 i do n't know what that day in the gym was ... '' dammit . 
 i am that obvious . 
 i hope i 'm not to trent though . 
 i do n't want him to see through me so easily . 
 he 'll swoop in and melt my defenses with those smoldering baby blues . 
 i shrug . 
 `` you do n't want me , ben . 
 i 'm seven layers of f ** ked up with a side of batshit crazy . '' 
 he grins but i catch the sadness in his eyes as he throws down a few bills to cover the meal . 
 `` i already knew that . '' 
 `` well then why 'd you ask me out ? 
 especially after what i did to you that day in the gym ? '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` waiting for your next moment of full on crazy ? 
 i 'll be faster next time . 
 in and out . '' 
 i burst out laughing , ben 's shameless honesty a welcome relief . 
 `` i do n't know , kace . 
 i 'm around a lot of sluts and airheads . 
 you 're different . 
 you 're smart and funny . 
 and you can shrink a guy 's confidence like no other girl i 've met . '' 
 `` i did n't think anyone could shrink that swelled head of yours , ben . '' 
 he grins arrogantly . 
 `` depends which head you 're talking about . '' 
 *** `` i hear trent 's back in town ? '' 
 storm whispers to me as i pour shots of patron for a bachelor party . 
 `` oh yeah ? '' 
 i mutter , pursing my lips . 
 i do n't know what else to say . 
 i have n't forgotten . 
 i ca n't get through a minute without his name popping into my mind , without remembering how incredible his touch feels against my skin , without wanting it all back the way it was for that short , magical period of time before he ripped my heart out of my chest and tossed it to the curb . 
 i hate him for making me feel like this . 
 for giving me hope only to yank it all away . 
 for pulling me above the water , helping me breathe again , before shoving my head back under . 
 so when i find him staring down at me from the other side of the bar near last call , i have to brace myself against the bar , anger and grief slamming into me with such force that i struggle to stay upright . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 i hiss . 
 `` i need to talk to you . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` please , kacey . '' 
 that tone , that voice . 
 already , i felt it probing for my weak spot , a place to wiggle in and win me over . 
 i wo n't let it . 
 not this time . 
 `` you had three weeks to talk to me and ... oh wait ! '' 
 i smack my forehead for effect . 
 `` you disappeared off the face of the f ** king earth . 
 that 's right . 
 i almost forgot . '' 
 `` just give me five minutes , '' he pleads , leaning forward . 
 `` fine ! 
 go ahead . 
 this is the perfect time and place to talk . '' 
 my arms fly out , exaggerating how much this is not the perfect time and place to talk . 
 trent 's jaw tenses . 
 `` i mean it , kacey . 
 five minutes , in private . 
 i need to explain something . 
 i need ... you . '' 
 `` oh , you need me ? 
 interesting . '' 
 i force the words through clenched teeth . 
 inside , the glue that holds me together strains against that word . 
 need . 
 trent needs me . 
 `` fine . '' 
 i slap my towel down onto the bar and holler , `` back in five , storm . '' 
 she looks over , sees trent , glances at me with concern , but then nods . 
 `` come with me . '' 
 i stomp past him , acutely aware that nate and ben are following close , but i continue . 
 i march past jeff and bryan , the two bull dog bouncers who watch over the private rooms . 
 they do n't try to stop me . 
 i 'm sure my stiff spine and scowl that says `` back the f ** k away before i choke you with your own tongue '' has something to do with that . 
 my leg flies forward to kick open the door to an available room . 
 spinning on my heels , i stand with arms folded across my chest , watching trent 's lean body and his apprehensive face come towards me . 
 jerking my head toward the room , i command , `` get in . '' 
 `` kacey ... '' `` you said private . 
 how much more private can you get than a private room ? '' 
 i ask , my tone coated with ice . 
 with a defeated sigh and a small nod , trent passes through . 
 behind him , i see ben lean in to say something to nate . 
 it seems to keep the beast at bay . 
 ben heads toward me with a look of concern . 
 `` you okay , kacey ? '' 
 `` what do you think , ben ? '' 
 his chin furrows in thought . 
 `` i think i 'll stand guard out here . 
 i wo n't come in . 
 not unless i hear something that sounds bad , deal ? '' 
 `` deal . '' 
 i offer him a small nod of appreciation . 
 i think , after our sordid past , ben and i have come to an understanding . 
 i may even call him a friend . 
 i storm into the room , slamming the door behind me . 
 inside is a small dimly lit space with a black lounge chair and mood music , different from what plays out in the main club area . 
 storm says they have staff to thoroughly clean and sanitize the rooms after each client leaves . 
 even if that 's not true , right now i do n't care . 
 i stalk over to where trent stands and i shove him backward into the lounge chair . 
 then my hand fumbles with the side zipper of my skirt . 
 `` what are you ... '' trent begins to ask but his words die as i unzip my skirt and let it drop to the ground . 
 i step out of the skirt as my hands move to unbutton my gauzy blouse , starting at the top , sliding buttons through eyelets deftly . 
 `` kacey , no . '' 
 trent leans forward . 
 my three inch heel slamming into his chest forces him back into his seat . 
 `` this is what you came for , is n't it ? 
 this is what you need ? '' 
 my tone is as cold as a deep freeze . 
 `` what you 've always wanted ? '' 
 i toss my shirt on the floor and glower back at him in nothing but my bra , panties , and heels . 
 `` this is the part where you tell me i 'm so beautiful . 
 so say it . 
 say it so we can get this over with , and you can disappear again . '' 
 my voice wavers a bit at the end and i clam up , not trusting it right now . 
 `` no , kacey . 
 jeez . '' 
 trent slides off the chair onto his knees , his hands finding their way to my thighs to hold them delicately . 
 `` no touching the girls . 
 did you forget the rules already ? '' 
 i sneer at him . 
 his eyes have n't left mine , and in them i see a torrent of indescribable emotion that threatens to melt all of my defenses . 
 i have to break his gaze and look away , a lump forming in my throat that i ca n't seem to shove down . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i never wanted to cause you more pain that you 've had to endure . '' 
 `` really ? 
 leaving me a vague note the morning after storm 's attack-after we have sex for the first time-and then disappearing for almost three weeks is your way of not causing me more pain ? '' 
 my voice cracks and i grit my teeth . 
 i hate my voice . 
 his head bows forward against my belly as his hands slide up to my hips before moving back down to my thighs again . 
 they feel so good . 
 i do n't want them to feel good . 
 damn , traitorous thighs . 
 fight it , kacey . 
 fight it . 
 `` kacey , i was wrong . '' 
 i swallow . 
 `` about ? '' 
 `` about pushing you like i did . 
 i thought if you opened up about your past , i could somehow fix it for you . 
 i should n't have kept pushing you like that . '' 
 i suck in a gasp as i feel a set of warm lips trail my belly . 
 he knows that 'll melt my defenses . 
 he 's not playing fair . 
 worse , in this moment i do n't want him to play any other way . 
 `` i should have just focused on making you happy . 
 and i will . 
 from now on , kacey . 
 i will . 
 i will devote every day for the rest of our lives to making you happy . 
 i promise . '' 
 will not buy it . 
 will not buy it . 
 `` you 've said that before . 
 and then you vanished . '' 
 i do n't like the way my tone falters , like i 'm about to cry . 
 one ... two ... three ... four ... fuck . 
 useless . 
 he leans back on his heels and his hands slide down my thighs again . 
 he does n't meet my eyes though , choosing instead to stare at the floor between us . 
 when he speaks , his jaw is set with a hint of anger . 
 `` kacey , you 're not the only one with issues . 
 i 'm f ** ked up , okay ? 
 there are things about my past that i do n't know how to tell you . 
 that i ca n't tell you . '' 
 his admission catches me off guard . 
 trent with a dark past ? 
 i 've never once even contemplated that . 
 why have i not contemplated that ? 
 i 've been so wrapped up in my own issues that i have n't even thought of his , that 's why . 
 but how dark could anything from his past really be ? 
 with a shaky finger , i reach out and gently push his chin up so his head tilts back , so those beautiful blue irises can pull me in . 
 he seems so level-headed , so well-adjusted , so perfect . 
 `` i 've never once pushed you to divulge your skeletons , '' i say , my tone softer , without bitterness . 
 `` i know . 
 i know , kace . '' 
 trent 's grip on my thighs tightens as he draws me closer to him . 
 his fingertips slide up to grasp my hips in their entirety , his thumbs sliding along my pelvic bone , lighting a tiny spark of need mixed among these emotional flames already burning bright . 
 my hands instinctively slide down to cover his . 
 he continues . 
 `` after that night , i ... i thought i pushed you too hard . 
 i thought i caused what happened the night storm was attacked . '' 
 i shudder with the reminder . 
 my dark side . 
 my murderous side . 
 `` you did n't cause that , trent . 
 that was me , finally coming unhinged . '' 
 `` i know , babe . 
 i know that now . 
 but i had to get away and think . 
 i had to walk away for a while and - '' `` you could have sent me a message . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i f ** ked up . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i just did n't know how to explain why i ran off . 
 i was scared . '' 
 one look up shows me the tears welling in his eyes . 
 all my rage extinguishes , all my defenses shatter . 
 i ca n't handle seeing trent like this . 
 `` no , it 's okay . '' 
 my hand strokes the back of his head with nothing but compassion while my other one wipes the tear away . 
 who is this person talking ? 
 she 's not the one who ran around the apartment on a tirade , stalking the news , and ready to mutilate ken dolls . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , kacey . 
 i 'll stop pushing you . 
 no more talk of past . 
 none . 
 just the future . 
 please ? 
 i need you . '' 
 again , that need word . 
 i ca n't even speak . 
 i only nod . 
 but that 's enough for trent . 
 strong fingers flexed at my hips tug me down . 
 i willingly drop to my knees . 
 trent pulls me to him so our bodies hold tight against each other . 
 warm hands find their way across my bare back to unclasp my bra . 
 he casts it aside and reaches forward to cup my br ** sts at the same time that his mouth finally finds mine . 
 the feel of his lips sends a wave of irrepressible hunger through my body in a shudder . 
 three weeks without this . 
 i do n't know how i survived . 
 i reach down and fumble with his shirt . 
 i want it off . 
 now . 
 i want my bare skin against his . 
 now . 
 as if sensing the urgency , he breaks from my mouth long enough to yank his shirt off over his head and then dives back in , his chest pressing against mine as i slide close to him . 
 `` kace , '' he whispers , his lips shifting greedily to my neck as one hand moves up my inner thigh to slip under my panties . 
 i gasp as his deft fingers touch me . 
 `` i 'm never letting you go again . 
 never . '' 
 my heart races as i rock back and forth against his hand , as i whisper his name , as i fumble with his zipper , letting the last three weeks disappear into the well of the past . 
 chapter sixteen `` did i do that ? '' 
 i frown as my finger touches the side of trent 's face where a red welt has formed . 
 he winces . 
 `` livie 's got a mean left hook . '' 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 i prop myself up to get a better look at it . 
 and at trent , in general . 
 at his entire naked body , lying on the carpeted floor of the dimly lit v.i.p. room . 
 i do n't hear the steady pulse of music in the club anymore . 
 that must mean the place is closing up . 
 i do n't know how long we 've been in here . 
 ben has n't bothered us though . 
 not that i noticed anyway . 
 trent starts to speak and stalls several times . 
 `` when you left your place with that goon , livie stormed out and chased me around the commons , screaming at me that i broke your heart . 
 then she hauled back and punched me , and told me i better go and make you happy again . 
 forever . '' 
 my head flops down on trent 's bare chest as i laugh . 
 `` i think my temper may finally be rubbing off on her . '' 
 i replay her words in my head as i nuzzle against trent , inhaling his scent . 
 `` forever 's a long time . '' 
 trent 's arms squeeze around me . 
 `` forever 's not long enough when it 's with you . '' 
 *** `` do you think if i go out there right now , livie will hit me again ? '' 
 `` anything 's possible . 
 but i do feel pretty happy right about now , '' i murmur , stretched out in bed . 
 trent 's arms extend back to cradle his head , a cocky grin curving his lips . 
 `` i sure hope so . 
 i tried my best . 
 five times last night , i think ? 
 if that did n't fix you ... '' i lift myself up and throw one leg over his body to straddle him , arching my brow . 
 `` oh , you fixed me last night . 
 today 's a different story . '' 
 hungry eyes graze the length of my body and then settle on my face with one raised brow . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 i shrug and then wink secretively . 
 he chuckles as his hands push through his hair , sending it into wilder disarray . 
 `` i 've heard redheads were crazy , but man , no one warned me that you were sex fiends . '' 
 i playfully flick his nose . 
 with a roar , he rolls and pins me down on my back , holding himself up to linger over me , high enough to give me ample view of his entirety . 
 with a wry smile , i throw my legs around his waist and pull him down to meet me . 
 *** the weeks fly by , and trent stays . 
 he stays in our apartment most nights now . 
 he 's usually at the club late in the evening , sitting and watching me quietly with that intense , teasing stare that makes my knees buckle because i know what 's waiting for me when i get home . 
 he stays , and he makes me happy . 
 happier than i 've been in a long time . 
 in many ways , happier than i 've ever been . 
 he makes me laugh . 
 he makes me giggle . 
 he makes me feel again . 
 and each night , he takes my nightmares away . 
 not all of them . 
 but they 're not on daily repeat anymore . 
 and when i do wake up , drenched in sweat and gasping for air , trent 's there to hold me , and stroke my hair , to promise me that it 's over , and what he and i have is real . 
 each day , tiny pieces of before kacey fall into place . 
 or maybe come out from hiding . 
 maybe kacey cleary has been buried somewhere deep inside all this time , just waiting for the right person to pull her from the deep , dark waters . 
 to save her from drowning . 
 i do n't notice the pieces at first , but livie sure does . 
 i catch her watching me all the time-when i 'm fixing myself a sandwich , when i 'm cleaning , when i 'm shopping-a secret smile touching her beautiful lips . 
 when i ask her what 's up , she just shakes her head and says , `` kacey 's back . '' 
 and she 's happy . 
 storm and dan are going strong . 
 i think storm might be in love , though she wo n't admit to it for fear of jinxing it . 
 i can tell that dan is head over heels in love with her and with mia by the way he watches them , a tiny smile always touching his lips . 
 and mia ? 
 well , one morning , trent and i wake up to mia hovering over our bed with a gapped tooth grin and two quarters in the palm of her hand . 
 `` look , trent ! 
 i sold my teeth last night ! '' 
 all i could do is laugh . 
 laugh and remind myself to get a lock for the door so mia does n't learn more than cuss words from me . 
 she 's the happiest kid i 've ever seen because she 's surrounded by people who love her . 
 true to storm 's promise , i 'm making more money at penny 's than i could ever dream of making elsewhere . 
 my bank statement grows considerably each week . 
 two more years of this , and i 'll be able to pay for livie 's first year at princeton . 
 i 'm still banking on that scholarship , which is a good possibility . 
 livie 's so smart and so good . 
 and so deserving . 
 everything is perfect . 
 *** `` why do we have to be at penny 's three hours early ? '' 
 i moan , pulling my jacket against my body as a light december chill breezes through my body . 
 there 's an unnaturally cool weather front coming through miami for this time of year , i hear . 
 it 's still balmy compared to michigan but , all the same , the goose bumps spike on my skin . 
 `` liquor license training . 
 we do it every two years . 
 anyone who serves needs to go through the course , '' storm explains . 
 `` three hours of how to pour a drink ? 
 seriously ? '' 
 `` do n't worry , '' she says as she bangs on penny 's back door . 
 `` they let you sample too . '' 
 `` great . 
 i 'll be slurring before our shift starts , '' i grumble with a quick nod to nate as i pass through . 
 it 's dark and quiet inside . 
 i 've never been at penny 's when it 's this quiet . 
 `` where is everyone ? 
 this is creeping me out . '' 
 `` by the bar , '' nate rumbles behind me , his hand prodding me forward . 
 i peer over my shoulder and his mouth splits open to reveal gleaming white teeth . 
 i ca n't believe i used to be afraid of this giant teddy bear . 
 we round the corner into the dimly lit main club area . 
 `` surprise ! 
 happy birthday ! '' 
 i jump back and slam into nate , who wraps his trunk-of-an-arm loosely around me while his deep laughter reverberates off the ceiling . 
 everyone 's there , standing on the stage , under the spot lights . 
 trent , livie , dan , cain , ben . 
 even tanner . 
 and mia ! 
 she 's off to the side , dancing around in circles with ginger and a bunch of other fully-clothed dancers i do n't recognize . 
 `` are you surprised ? '' 
 storm giggles as she grabs my arm and tugs me forward . 
 `` livie told us you turn twenty-one soon and we wanted to surprise you . 
 cain offered to throw you a little party here . '' 
 as if on cue , cain wanders over and tosses his arm over my shoulder . 
 `` hope you 're okay with a birthday party at penny 's . 
 we figured this would be a guaranteed surprise . '' 
 i find myself struggling to speak , not sure how to respond as i take in the people . 
 `` of course i am . 
 thank you . '' 
 he hands me an envelope . 
 `` twenty-one only comes once , sweetheart . 
 you 're a hard worker and you take care of my storm . 
 here 's a little something from everyone . 
 enjoy the food , the wine . 
 everything . 
 take the night off . '' 
 he pinches my cheek and then turns to storm . 
 `` keep that little princess of yours away from the stage , you hear me ? 
 do n't want her getting any ideas . '' 
 she rolls her eyes . 
 `` of course , cain . '' 
 i shake my head as i watch him walk away . 
 he 's an odd duck . 
 hearing him say that , given this place is his life , and he employs all these dancers to do just that-be on the stage-his words are just plain weird . 
 that thought vanishes as i watch trent find his way over to me with a seductive grin and two champagne flutes in his hands . 
 `` you know i do n't drink , trent , '' i say as i take one . 
 `` and you know i do n't drink , kacey . '' 
 we smile at each other as he curls his free arm around my waist and pulls me into him , kissing my neck . 
 `` has my plan worked ? 
 have i made you happy ? '' 
 he whispers into my ear . 
 my breath hitches . 
 it always does when trent 's near . 
 `` i ca n't even begin to describe how much . '' 
 his cool nose grazes my cheek . 
 `` try . '' 
 `` well ... '' i lean forward , pressing myself against him . 
 i do n't know how it 's possible , but those electric sparks zap me every time i do like it 's the first time . 
 `` better yet , how about i show you when we get back home ? '' 
 i feel his response to my implication dig into my stomach and i giggle , still in shock that this gorgeous , sweet , devilish guy is all mine . 
 he clinks his glass against mine . 
 `` here 's to the next eighty years , '' he murmurs and then tips his glass back and takes a sip . 
 `` eighty ? 
 god , you 're optimistic . 
 i figured you 're good for another ten , and then i 'll have to trade you in for a younger model . '' 
 he leans down and kisses my mouth and i taste the champagne 's sweetness on his tongue . 
 `` good luck with that . 
 i 'm not going anywhere . '' 
 *** my fingers weave together as i ride back with trent , the evening breeze nipping at my cheeks . 
 as tempted as i am to let my hands wander , i know better than to distract trent while he 's driving . 
 i can wait until we get home , but just barely . 
 livie and mia are in dan 's car , following behind us . 
 storm decided to work . 
 she promised we 'd do a girls ' day tomorrow . 
 trent parks the bike and i climb off . 
 i do n't get very far though , before he grabs the front of my jeans at the zipper , and yanks me back to him . 
 `` stay in or go out tonight ? '' 
 his teeth lightly nip my neck . 
 `` how about both . 
 first go out , and then stay in . '' 
 `` that makes no sense . '' 
 the sound of his chuckle against my ear sends shivers through my body . 
 i giggle . 
 then i shove him hard and he tumbles to the grass . 
 i start running . 
 `` if you can catch me , you get to choose . '' 
 i manage to get the key into the lock before he reaches me . 
 i 'm running through the commons toward our apartments , squealing with anticipation , expecting to feel strong hands grab hold of me any second . 
 when they do n't , i slow and glance back . 
 trent is standing in the middle of the commons , frozen , his face ashen like he 's seen a corpse . 
 `` trent ? '' 
 i walk back toward him . 
 following his riveted gaze , i discover an older well-dressed couple standing ten feet away , watching us . 
 in my mad dash , i 'd missed them earlier . 
 the man 's appearance strikes me as familiar and i quickly realize what it is . 
 he has trent 's eyes and mouth . 
 looking to the woman , her hair pulled into a sophisticated bun , i recognize trent 's narrow nose . 
 `` trent , are these your parents ? '' 
 no answer . 
 i 've secretly been dying to meet his parents . 
 his father is a big shot lawyer in manhattan ; his mother runs a creative agency . 
 she funnels a lot of contract work through to trent . 
 that 's how he gets his clients . 
 i know that they 're divorced and yet here they are . 
 together . 
 a spike of fear channels through me . 
 there must be bad news if they travelled all the way here together . 
 trent still has n't moved , and this is now beyond awkward . 
 i do n't know why he 's acting the way he is . 
 it did n't sound like there was bad blood between them . 
 someone needs to do something . 
 i step forward with a polite smile and extend my hand . 
 `` hi , i 'm kacey . '' 
 i feel my smile slide off as trent 's mother 's face lightens five shades . 
 she shuts her eyes and squeezes them shut as if she 's in pain . 
 when they open again , they 're glistening with tears . 
 she turns to trent and swallows , her words barely above a whisper and full of anguish , `` how could you , cole ! '' 
 that name . 
 my heart stops beating altogether . 
 when it starts up again , it 's a slow , pounding , irregular rhythm . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i croak . 
 i turn to find trent 's face twisted with dread and guilt but i still do n't get it . 
 `` what ... why did she call you that , trent ? '' 
 his eyes shine as his lips part to whisper , `` i just wanted to make you happy again , kacey . 
 it 's the only way i can fix it . '' 
 stage seven ~ breakdown chapter seventeen i 'm falling . 
 falling backward into the deep , dark water . 
 it 's pouring over me , into me , through my mouth , up my nose , filling my lungs , seizing my will to breathe , to live . 
 i accept it . 
 i welcome it . 
 in the distance , i hear voices . 
 i hear people calling my name , but i ca n't find them . 
 they 're safe , above water . 
 in another world . 
 the world of the living . 
 there 's no place for me there . 
 *** `` when will she wake up ? '' 
 i hear livie ask above the soft rhythmic beeping . 
 i 'd heard enough of those machines in my day to recognize it for what it is-a hospital i.v. . 
 if that does n't give me a hint of where i 'm at , the sickly sterile hospital odor sure does . 
 `` when her mind is ready , '' an unfamiliar male voice explains . 
 `` kacey has gone into severe psychological shock . 
 physically , she 's fine . 
 we 're just ensuring her body stays hydrated and nourished . 
 now we have to wait . '' 
 `` is this normal ? '' 
 `` from what i understand , your sister suffered a traumatic experience four years ago and has never recovered emotionally from that . '' 
 the voices stop long enough that i dare crack open my lids . 
 white and yellow walls fill my hazy vision . 
 `` kacey ! '' 
 livie 's face appears suddenly . 
 her eyes are puffy and lined with dark rings , like she has n't slept in days , her cheeks red and blotchy from crying . 
 `` where am i ? '' 
 i ask , my voice coming out raspy . 
 `` a hospital . '' 
 `` how ? 
 why ? '' 
 livie 's mouth falls open for a second before she pulls it closed again , trying to act calm . 
 for my benefit . 
 i know that . 
 i know my livie . 
 always so selfless . 
 always so caring . 
 `` you 're going to be fine , kacey . '' 
 her hands fumble with my blankets to find my fingers . 
 she squeezes . 
 `` you 're going to get help . 
 i 'll never let trent hurt you again . '' 
 trent . 
 that name attacks my body like a thousand pin pricks . 
 i jolt in response . 
 trent is cole . 
 trent destroyed my life . 
 twice . 
 suddenly , i 'm gasping for air , the reality squeezing my lungs like a vice . 
 `` how ... '' i start to say but i ca n't speak because i ca n't breathe . 
 how is trent , cole ? 
 how did he find me ? 
 why did he find me ? 
 `` breathe , kacey . '' 
 livie tightens her grip on me , crawling in to lie down beside me and i realize i 'm hyperventilating . 
 `` i ca n't , livie . '' 
 i cry out , tears burning my cheeks . 
 `` i 'm drowning . '' 
 her sobs fill the room . 
 he knew . 
 all that time he pretended to be caring and sympathetic and unaware of my past , he is the cause of my past . 
 it was his car , his friend , his drunken night that stole my life from me . 
 `` it 's okay , kacey . 
 you 're safe . '' 
 livie 's arms hug my body to hers , her weight resting against me to stop my body from shaking . 
 we stay like that for minutes . 
 hours . 
 a life time . 
 i do n't know . 
 nothing changes . 
 nothing until storm crashes into the hospital room , panting as if she 's just run a marathon , a wildness in her eyes like i 'd never seen before . 
 `` i know , kacey . 
 i know what happened to you . 
 i know everything , now . '' 
 tears spill out over her cheeks . 
 she climbs into the other side of my bed and grabs hold of my hands . 
 the three of us lay like sardines . 
 tangled , sobbing sardines . 
 *** a hissing sound ... bright lights ... blood ... trent 's beautiful face , his hands on the steering wheel . 
 pointing at me . 
 laughing . 
 `` kacey ! '' 
 something sharp smacks my face . 
 `` wake up ! '' 
 i 'm still screaming , even as livie 's bulging eyes comes into focus front of me , and the machines around me . 
 a sharp sting bites my cheek . 
 i raise my hand to test it out . 
 `` i 'm sorry i had to slap you , but you would n't stop screaming , '' livie explains through her tears . 
 the nightmares are back , only they 're worse . 
 a million times worse . 
 `` you wo n't stop screaming , kacey . 
 you need to stop . '' 
 livie sucks in a sharp sob as she curls up in my bed beside me and begins to rock , muttering to herself , `` please help her . 
 god , please help her . '' 
 *** `` which hospital is this , again ? '' 
 i 've been here two days now and storm and livie have n't left my bed except to use the bathroom or get water and food . 
 storm and livie share a long , edgy glance . 
 `` a specialized one . '' 
 livie says slowly . 
 `` in chicago , '' storm adds , setting her chin up a notch . 
 `` what ? '' 
 my voice gathers more strength behind it than i thought possible . 
 i struggle to sit up in bed . 
 i feel like i 've been run over by a truck . 
 livie rushes to add , `` there 's a p.t.s.d. clinic nearby . 
 it 's supposed to be the best in the country . '' 
 `` well ... what ... how ... '' i finally pull myself upright with the help of the bedrails . 
 `` since when does public health cover the best p.t.s.d. clinic in the country ? '' 
 `` calm down , kacey . '' 
 storm gently pushes me back down into a lying position . 
 i do n't have the strength to fight her . 
 `` uh , no , i ca n't calm down . 
 we ca n't pay for this ... '' i fumble with my i.v. , cursing to myself . 
 `` what 're you doing ? '' 
 livie asks , panic in her voice . 
 `` ripping this damn thing out of my arm and getting the hell out of this swanky cuckoo nest . '' 
 i swat her hand away as she tries to stop me . 
 `` what 's it costing , huh ? 
 five thousand per night ? 
 ten ? '' 
 `` shhh , do n't worry about that , kace . '' 
 storm smooths my hair . 
 it 's her turn to get a hand swat . 
 `` someone has to worry about it ! 
 what the hell am i going to do ? 
 take up permanent residence at penny 's v.i.p. room wearing nothing but knee pads so i can pay the bill ! '' 
 `` i see our patient is awake ? '' 
 the unfamiliar soft voice from before interrupts , and stalls my fit . 
 i turn to see a decent looking older man with a receding hair line and kind charcoal eyes hold his hand out toward me . 
 i had n't even heard him come in . 
 `` hello , i 'm dr. stayner . '' 
 i glare at that hand like it 's covered in spots and oozing puss until he pulls it back . 
 `` yes , that 's right . 
 your issue with hands . '' 
 my issue with hands ? 
 i scowl at livie and she averts her gaze . 
 if any of this bothers the doctor , i ca n't tell . 
 `` kacey . 
 your case was brought to me by - '' `` dan , '' storm cuts in , her eyes shifting between the doctor 's and livie 's . 
 `` right . 
 dan . '' 
 he clears his throat . 
 `` i think i can help you . 
 i think you can live a normal life again . 
 but i ca n't help if you do n't want to be helped . 
 understand ? '' 
 i 'm left gaping at this man who calls himself a doctor and so clearly ca n't be . 
 what kind of doctor walks into a room and says that ? 
 when i do n't answer , he strolls over to look out the barred window . 
 `` do you want to be happy again , kacey ? '' 
 happy . 
 there 's that word . 
 i thought i was happy . 
 and then trent destroyed me . 
 again . 
 i fell in love with my family 's murderer . 
 i spent night after night with him next to me , inside me , dreaming of a future with him . 
 bile rises to my throat with the thought . 
 `` a requirement of my therapy session is that my patients talk , kacey , '' dr. stayner explains without a hint of sarcasm or annoyance in his voice . 
 `` so i 'll ask you again . 
 do you want to be happy ? '' 
 god , this guy 's pushy . 
 and he 's going to force me to talk . 
 that 's what this is about . 
 why does everyone insist on drudging up the past ? 
 it 's done . 
 it 's over . 
 no amount of talking will ever change it , will ever bring anyone back . 
 why am i the only one who sees this ? 
 that comforting numbness is back and trickling into my limbs and chest , forming a hard icy coating over my heart . 
 my body 's natural defense . 
 numbness to take away the pain . 
 `` there 's no such thing as being happy for me . '' 
 my voice is cold and hard . 
 he turns to me again , those kind eyes tinged with pity . 
 `` oh , there is , miss cleary . 
 it will be an uphill battle , and i will test you every step of the way . 
 i can be unconventional with my methods . 
 with you , i will do things that are questionable . 
 you may hate me at times , but you and i will get there together . 
 you just have to want to . 
 i will not move you into my clinic until you willingly agree to it all . '' 
 `` no , '' i growl defiantly , the very idea of going anywhere with this new quack outrageous . 
 i hear a choking sound beside me . 
 it 's livie , struggling to stay calm . 
 `` kacey , please , '' she pleads . 
 i set my jaw stubbornly , even though it pains me to see her like this . 
 she sees my knee jerk reaction and sudden rare fury flashes in her eyes . 
 `` you are not the only one who lost their parents , kacey . 
 this is n't just about you anymore . '' 
 she jumps out of my bed and hovers over me , her fists balled up . 
 and then she rages like i 've never seen before . 
 `` i ca n't take it ! 
 the nightmares , the fighting , the distance . 
 i 've had to deal with this for four years , kacey ! '' 
 livie 's hysterical now , tears pouring freely , screaming , and i expect security to stalk in any second . 
 `` four years of watching you come and go in my life , wondering if today 's the day i 'm going to find you hanging in a closet or floating in a river . 
 i get that you were in that car . 
 i get that you had to see everything . 
 but what about me ? '' 
 she chokes , the fury that fueled her forward with that outburst deflating , leaving her looking drained and miserable . 
 `` i keep losing you over and over again and i ca n't take it anymore ! '' 
 her words hit me over the head like a sledge hammer . 
 i thought my heart was already broken but it was n't . 
 not completely . 
 not until now . 
 `` i know what happened the night storm was attacked , kacey . 
 i know , '' livie says , watching me under a meaningful gaze . 
 storm . 
 i shoot a glare her way , and livie scolds me with a waggling finger . 
 `` do n't you dare give storm grief over telling me , kacey delyn cleary . 
 do n't you dare . 
 storm told me because she cares about you , and she wants you to get help . 
 you almost attacked a man with a broken beer bottle . 
 we 're not going to help you avoid your shit anymore , understand ? '' 
 livie gracelessly wipes the tears away . 
 `` i 'm not doing it anymore . '' 
 i 've told myself time and time again that this is all for livie . 
 everything i 've done is to protect livie . 
 if i watch her now , if i look at what livie has had to deal with , i wonder if it 's all been about protecting myself ? 
 i know livie lost her parents . 
 i know she lost me too , in a way . 
 but have i ever really considered what she feels like ? 
 tried to put myself in her shoes ? 
 i figured no one 's shoes were half as bad as the ones dragging me down like cement blocks . 
 and livie never let on . 
 she 's always been so strong and level-headed . 
 she 's always been livie-with or without my parents . 
 i just thought ... i did n't think ... my god ! 
 i never really weighed my actions , all my reactions , and what they do to livie . 
 i just figured if i was upright and breathing , that i was here for her . 
 for livie . 
 but in a way , i never really have been . 
 suddenly i want to die . 
 i feel my head bob up and down , all resistance vanishing as a new level of pain surges . 
 awareness . 
 all i 've ever told myself is that i want to protect my little sister from pain , but it has n't been about protecting her . 
 it 's been about protecting me . 
 all i keep doing is causing pain for her . 
 for everyone in my life . 
 `` good , '' dr. stayner takes that as an agreement . 
 `` i will have your room prepared . 
 the first part of your therapy will begin now . '' 
 i 'm reeling over how quickly he seems to react . 
 efficient and business-like , but at the same time like a tornado , swooping in to wreak havoc . 
 he smoothly walks over to the door and motions someone in . 
 no . 
 i cower in my bed and squeeze livie 's hands until she whimpers slightly . 
 good god , please ... no ! 
 he would n't . 
 an older version of trent turns the corner and steps into my room , sorrow marring his handsome features . 
 trent 's father . 
 cole 's father . 
 fuck . 
 i do n't even know what to call him anymore . 
 `` i want you to listen to what mr. reynolds has to say . 
 nothing more . 
 just listen . 
 can you manage that ? '' 
 dr. stayner asks me . 
 i think i nod , but i 'm not sure , i 'm too busy staring at this man 's face , how much he reminds me of his face . 
 his eyes that i fell into day after day . 
 happy . 
 in love . 
 yes . 
 in love . 
 i was in love with trent . 
 with my life 's murderer . 
 `` we 'll be here with you the whole time , '' storm says , gripping onto my free hand . 
 trent/cole 's father clears his throat . 
 `` hello , kacey . '' 
 i do n't respond . 
 i just watch him slide his hands into his pockets and hold them there . 
 just like his son does . 
 `` my name is carter reynolds . 
 you can call me carter . '' 
 a shiver runs through my body at the sound of that family name . 
 `` i want to apologize to you for all that my son has put you and your sister through . 
 i tried to do so four years ago , but the police issued the restraining orders . 
 my family and i respected your privacy then . 
 unfortunately , cole ... trent has since harmed you again . '' 
 he takes a few steps further into the room until he 's at the end of my bed , casting a furtive look at dr. stayner , who only smiles at him . 
 `` it was our car ... my car ... that sasha drove the night of the accident . '' 
 a frown flashes across his face . 
 `` i think you knew that , though , right ? 
 insurance papers would have specified that . '' 
 there 's a pause as if he 's waiting for me to acknowledge . 
 i do n't . 
 `` we lost cole after the accident . 
 he ceased to exist . 
 he dropped out of michigan state , quit football , cut off all contact with his friends . 
 he left his girlfriend of four years and stopped drinking altogether . 
 he changed his name from cole reynolds to trent emerson-his middle name and his mother 's maiden name . '' 
 carter pauses , his lips pressing together in a slight scowl . 
 `` that accident tore our family apart . 
 his mother and i divorced a year later . '' 
 he waves his hand dismissively . 
 `` that does n't matter . 
 what i do want you to know is that cole ... er ... trent is a troubled young man . 
 two years after the accident , i found him in my garage with the car running and a hose connected to the tail pipe . 
 we thought we lost him for good that night . '' 
 carter 's voice cracks with emotion and i feel an unwelcome spike of pain over the image in my head . 
 `` soon after that , we admitted him to dr. stayner 's inpatient program for post traumatic stress disorder . '' 
 again , carter looks to the doctor to see him smiling and nodding him on . 
 `` when they released trent , it was with a seal of approval . 
 we were sure he had recovered . 
 he laughed and smiled again . 
 he began calling us regularly . 
 he enrolled in a graphic design school in rochester . 
 he seemed to have moved on . 
 he even attended outpatient programs and therapy groups to help others get through their grief . 
 `` then , six weeks ago , it looked like he was having a relapse . 
 he appeared on his mother 's door step , mumbling something about you and how you 'll never forgive him . 
 we brought him here and admitted him to dr. stayner . '' 
 i fight hard to school the shock from my face . 
 so all the time that trent was missing , he was here , in chicago . 
 in a hospital for p.t.s.d. , the thing he was insistent on curing me of . 
 `` a few days after release , trent was ecstatic again . 
 we could n't figure it out . 
 we thought maybe he was manic or on drugs . 
 dr. stayner said no to both . 
 he could n't tell us what was going on because of patient-doctor privilege . '' 
 `` and i did n't know what was going on , to be clear . 
 trent hid critical information from his sessions with me , knowing i would n't approve , '' dr. stayner interrupts . 
 `` right , '' carter dips his head in assent . 
 `` we figured it out three days ago , when his mother ran into the receptionist here and she asked if trent and kacey had worked things out . 
 she did n't think anything of it , given trent mentioned he had a girlfriend named kacey and they were having trouble . 
 i guess he felt telling the receptionist was low risk . '' 
 carter sighs . 
 `` when my son left the inpatient program two years ago , he did so with the belief that if he could fix your life , he would be forgiven for all the pain that he had caused . '' 
 he looks down at the floor now , as a shadow of shame crosses his face . 
 `` my son has been watching you from a distance for two years , kacey . 
 biding his time until he approached you . '' 
 i hardly notice livie 's fingers dig into my forearm . 
 though i do n't feel much , the knowledge spikes somewhere deep inside . 
 trent 's been following me ? 
 stalking me ? 
 all because he wants to fix what he broke ? 
 i want to make you happy . 
 make you smile . 
 his words play back in my head . 
 it all makes sense now . 
 he truly did . 
 he was on a mission to fix me . 
 `` his mother and i had no idea , kacey . 
 honestly . 
 but trent has watched over you for the past two years . 
 he knew someone from school who could hack into your email . 
 that 's how he found out you were moving to miami . 
 we had no clue that he up and left new york . 
 but he did , leaving his condo and his life to come to follow you with this notion that if he could fix your life , he would be forgiven . 
 we talked daily over email and voice mail . 
 he even came to visit his mother once . '' 
 `` so i was a project , '' i mutter to myself . 
 a peace project . 
 nauseous . 
 that 's all i feel right now . 
 thick bile rising up my throat as realization hits . 
 he never cared about me . 
 i was a step in a f ** ked up twelve-step program he created in his head . 
 `` it does n't matter . '' 
 my voice is hollow . 
 it really does n't matter . 
 trent and all the good that he brought to my life is dead . 
 it was never really alive . 
 storm speaks up now , for the first time since carter stepped in . 
 `` kacey , dan wants you to press charges against trent . 
 what he did is wrong and illegal and f ** ked up on so many levels . 
 he deserves to go to jail . '' 
 i smirk to myself . 
 storm never swears . 
 she must be really mad . 
 `` but i made him wait to report it until you were feeling better and you could make the call . 
 i thought that should be your call . '' 
 she adds with a low growl , `` even though i want to shoot the bastard in the head . '' 
 i nod slowly . 
 report trent . 
 charge trent . 
 trent goes to jail . 
 `` his mother and i understand if you want to press charges , '' carter says calmly , but i see his shoulders droop as he casts away his only son . 
 `` no . '' 
 the word surprises even me as it leaves my lips . 
 carter 's brow curves , surprised . 
 `` no ? '' 
 `` kacey , are you sure ? '' 
 livie asks , her hand squeezing mine . 
 i look at her and i nod . 
 i have no idea why , but i know that i do n't want to do that . 
 i 'm sure i hate trent . 
 i 'm sure i have to hate him because he 's cole and hatred for cole is all that i know . 
 i look up at carter , imagining this man pull his son 's limp body from his car , and it 's not hatred that i feel right now , though . 
 it 's pity . 
 for him , and for trent , because i 'm intimately familiar with the level of pain that would drive a person to do that . 
 it 's an end that has danced through my own thoughts once or twice in the years . 
 `` no . 
 no charges . 
 no police . 
 it wo n't change anything . 
 it never has . '' 
 carter squeezes his eyelids shut for a moment . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 the words are hoarse and full of emotion . 
 he clears his throat . 
 with a look at livie , he adds , `` i understand there is a matter of livie 's custody . '' 
 `` no , there 's no matter . 
 she 's under my custody . '' 
 i turn to glare at livie . 
 why did she tell him ? 
 `` i called aunt darla , '' she explained softly . 
 `` i did n't know if you were going to make it for a while . 
 she said she could take me home with her and - '' `` no ! 
 no ! 
 you ca n't leave me , '' i yell suddenly , my heart rate spiking . 
 `` she 's not going anywhere , kacey , '' carter promises . 
 `` except back to miami to go to school . 
 my firm will ensure all the legal custody paperwork is drawn up . 
 custody may need to go to ms. matthews for now , until you 're better or livie is old enough . '' 
 i nod numbly . 
 `` th ... thanks . '' 
 he 's helping us . 
 why is he helping us ? 
 he gives me a firm smile . 
 `` i 've also had a conversation with your uncle . '' 
 his eyes turn cold and hard . 
 `` there is still insurance money left , kacey . 
 he did n't squander it all . 
 i 'll see to it that it is all transferred into yours and you sister 's name . '' 
 he pulls something from his inside coat pocket . 
 `` here 's my business card , should you ever need anything . 
 ever , kacey . 
 livie . 
 anything . 
 i will help in any way that i can . '' 
 he places it on a side table . 
 with a nod to dr. stayner , he heads toward the door , his shoulders slouched as if carrying a terrible burden . 
 and i suppose he is , after what his son has done . 
 he stops with a hand on the doorknob . 
 `` for what it 's worth , i 've never seen trent as happy as he 's been while with you . 
 never . '' 
 *** i stare at the clinic 's large oak doors . 
 they contrast so greatly to the sterile white stucco exterior . 
 still , it 's a nice building . 
 my home for the next little while . 
 a tiny hand slips inside mine and i do n't recoil . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 it 's not so bad and , if you 're good , when you get out , we 'll go get ice cream , '' mia says with a somber face . 
 she and dan spent their time visiting chicago 's zoos and parks while storm stayed with me . 
 now , they 're here to see me off . 
 she raises her free hand with two fingers held high . 
 `` three scoops ! '' 
 storm slides up behind her with dan hanging onto her arm , laughing . 
 `` that 's right , mia . '' 
 she winks at me . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 livie asks , hooking her arm through mine . 
 inhaling deeply , i look at the place again . 
 `` it looks a little posh . '' 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i know a guy who knows a guy ... who knows a guy . '' 
 dan grins . 
 for some reason , i do n't believe him . 
 i have a feeling that carter reynolds 's manicured hands are somehow in the mix . 
 maybe i 'm a buy one get one free offer for stayner not curing his son in the first place . 
 for once though , i do n't fight it . 
 livie and i walk forward , our steps mirroring each other . 
 `` thank you for doing this , kacey , '' she whispers , wiping away the tear that rolls down her cheek . 
 a man in a light blue uniform opens the door and reaches forward , offering to take my bag . 
 `` i 'll call as often as they let me , '' livie calls out , giving my forearm one last squeeze before letting go . 
 i wink , putting on a brave face for her . 
 `` see you above water . '' 
 chapter eighteen i wo n't survive this . 
 i ca n't survive this . 
 all they want me to do is talk . 
 talk and talk and talk . 
 about my feelings , my nightmares , the almost assault on storm 's attacker , my dead parents , jenny , billy , trent . 
 every time i shove it all back into that dark , cramped closet where it belongs , dr. stayner barges in and drags it back out like a madman on a mission , with me kicking and screaming as i hang onto his coattails . 
 none of this will help me . 
 neither will the anti-anxiety meds . 
 they make me feel tired and nauseous . 
 dr. stayner tells me they take time to work . 
 i tell him i 'm going to punch him in the face . 
 i hate his guts . 
 and when i close my eyes at night , trent is there to greet me , laughing . 
 always laughing . 
 i tell that to dr. stayner one day in his office , during my daily private session . 
 `` do you think he 's laughing , kacey ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` that 's what i just said , is n't it ? '' 
 `` no , you told me you had a dream about him laughing at you . 
 but do you believe that he 's laughing ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` do n't you ? '' 
 i glare at him . 
 this conversation has gone on far longer than i expected . 
 this is what i get for opening my big mouth . 
 normally , i stay quiet and give simple `` yes '' and `` no '' answers . 
 those have worked well for me so far . 
 i do n't know why i thought this would be an innocuous topic . 
 `` let 's think about this a moment , shall we , kacey ? '' 
 he leans back in his chair and he just sits there , watching me . 
 is he thinking about this ? 
 does he think i 'm thinking ? 
 this is unnerving . 
 i let my focus roam around his office as a distraction from the awkwardness . 
 it 's small and clinical . 
 he has walls upon walls of books just like any normal shrink should have . 
 but he 's not like any other shrink that i 've met . 
 i do n't know how to describe him . 
 his voice , his mannerisms , they 're all unusual . 
 `` trent is a young college guy who drank too much one night-like most college students . 
 then he made a horrible , stupid mistake . '' 
 my hands clench and i lean forward in my chair , imagining myself spurting acid from my teeth to melt stayner 's skin . 
 `` mistake ? '' 
 i hiss . 
 i hate that word . 
 i hate when they use that word to describe that night . 
 `` my parents are dead . '' 
 dr. stayner 's finger pokes the air . 
 `` that 's the result of his horrible , stupid mistake . 
 that 's not his horrible , stupid mistake , though is it ? '' 
 when i do n't answer , too busy glaring at the navy blue checker carpet on the ground , i feel something pelt my forehead . 
 i look down to see a paperclip on my lap . 
 `` did you just throw a paperclip at me ? '' 
 i ask with complete sincere shock . 
 `` answer the question . '' 
 i grit my teeth . 
 `` what was trent 's horrible , stupid , life-altering mistake ? '' 
 dr. stayner pushes . 
 `` he drove home , '' i grumble . 
 another paperclip pelts my forehead as dr. stayner shakes his head frantically , his voice raising a notch . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` he gave his keys to his friend to drive home . '' 
 `` bingo ! 
 he made a choice-in his inebriated state-a choice that he should n't ever have made . 
 a very bad and very dangerous choice . 
 and when he sobered up , he learned that that choice killed six people . '' 
 there 's a long pause . 
 `` put yourself in his shoes for moment , kacey . '' 
 `` i will not - '' dr. stayner anticipates and cuts my objection off at the knee caps . 
 `` you 've been drunk before , right ? '' 
 i purse my lips tightly . 
 `` have n't you ? '' 
 a night flashes in my mind without much thought . 
 six months before the accident , jenny and i went to a field party and got loaded off jagger bombs . 
 it was one of the most fun nights i 'd ever had . 
 the next morning was another story . 
 `` that 's right , '' dr. stayner continues as if he can read my mind . 
 maybe he can . 
 maybe he 's a super-freak quack . 
 `` you probably did a few stupid things , said a few stupid things . '' 
 i nod begrudgingly . 
 `` how drunk were you ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i was ... drunk . '' 
 `` yes , but how drunk ? '' 
 i level him with a glower . 
 `` what is wrong with you ? '' 
 again , he ignores me . 
 `` would you have driven home ? '' 
 `` uh , no ? '' 
 `` and why not ? '' 
 `` because i was fifteen at the time , genius ! '' 
 my fingers are turning white now , gripping onto the chair handles so tightly . 
 `` right , '' he waves his hand dismissively . 
 but his point has n't been made apparently . 
 `` what about your friend ? 
 friends ? 
 exactly how drunk were they ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 drunk . '' 
 `` was it easy to tell ? 
 was it so obvious that they were drunk ? '' 
 i frown as i think back to jenny dancing and singing on top of a picnic table to hannah montana . 
 how drunk was she exactly , i have no clue . 
 jenny would do that dead sober . 
 finally i shrug , the memory bringing a painful lump to the back of my throat . 
 `` what if , at the end of the night , that friend told you they had stopped drinking hours ago and could drive home ? 
 would you believe them ? '' 
 `` no , '' i answer quickly . 
 that finger goes up again , waggling . 
 `` think about that for a minute , now kacey . 
 we 've all been there . 
 out for a good night , had a few drinks . 
 you know you ca n't drive , but do you automatically not trust anyone else ? 
 i 've been there , myself . '' 
 `` are you making excuses for drunk driving , dr. stayner ? '' 
 he 's shaking his head furiously . 
 `` absolutely not , kacey . 
 there 's no excuse . 
 only terrible consequences that people have to live with for the rest of their lives when they make one stupid decision . '' 
 we 're silent for a moment , the doctor no doubt still waiting for my answer . 
 i look at my hands . 
 `` i guess that could happen , '' i begrudgingly admit . 
 yeah , thinking back , there may have been one or two times that i climbed into a car , assuming the driver was fine because they said so . 
 `` yes , it could . '' 
 dr. stayner nods knowingly . 
 `` and it did happen . 
 to cole . '' 
 my rage ignites suddenly . 
 `` what the hell are you doing ? 
 are you on his side ? '' 
 i snap . 
 `` i 'm on no one 's side , kacey . '' 
 his voice has changed to even and calm once again . 
 `` when i hear your story-the tragic accident-i ca n't help but empathize with everyone involved . 
 you . 
 your family . 
 the boys who died because they did n't do something as simple as buckle their seat belts . 
 and cole , the guy who handed someone his keys . 
 when i hear his story , i feel - '' i storm out of dr. stayner 's office then , with his shouts of , `` empathy ! '' 
 following me all the way down the hall , into my room , looking for ways to crawl into my soul and torment me . 
 *** `` how 's it going there ? '' 
 i want to reach into the phone and hug livie . 
 it 's been seven days and i miss her terribly . 
 i 've never been away from her for this long . 
 even while i was in the hospital after the crash , she visited me almost every day . 
 `` dr. stayner is definitely unconventional , '' i mutter . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i sigh , exasperated , and then tell her what i know she does n't want to hear . 
 `` he 's a nut job , livie ! 
 he yells , he pushes , he tells me what to think . 
 he 's everything that a shrink is n't supposed to be . 
 i do n't know what quack school he went to , but i can see why trent came out of here more f ** ked up then he went in . '' 
 trent . 
 my stomach tightens . 
 forget about him , kace . 
 he 's gone . 
 dead to you . 
 there 's a pause . 
 `` but is it working ? 
 are you going to get better ? '' 
 `` i do n't know yet , livie . 
 i just do n't know if anything will ever really get better . '' 
 *** jenny laughs hysterically as a car passes us on the road . 
 `` did you see the look on raileigh 's face when i belted out super freak ? 
 it was classic . '' 
 i laugh along with her . 
 `` you sure you 're okay to drive ? '' 
 after i jumped off the hood of george 's truck and tackled one of billy 's friends to the ground , i knew there was no way i was in any state to get behind the wheel so i gave her my keys . 
 she waves her hand dismissively . 
 `` oh , yeah . 
 i stopped drinking , like , hours ago ! 
 i 'm - '' a bright flash of lights distracts us both . 
 they 're headlights and they 're close . 
 too close . 
 my body jerks as dad 's audi crashes into something , my seatbelt cutting into my neck from the force as a deafening sound explodes in the air . 
 in seconds it 's over and there 's nothing left but silence and a strange eerie feeling , like all my senses are both paralyzed and working in overdrive . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 nothing . 
 no answer . 
 `` jenny ? '' 
 i look to my side . 
 it 's dark now , but i can see enough to know she 's not sitting behind the wheel anymore . 
 and i know we 're in trouble . 
 `` jenny ? '' 
 i call again , my voice shaky . 
 i manage to unbuckle my seatbelt and open my car door . 
 there 's that saying , scared sober . 
 i know that 's what i am now as walk around the front of the car , keenly aware of the engine 's hiss , and the smoke rising from the mangled hood . 
 it 's totaled . 
 my hands push through my hair as panic rises inside me . 
 `` ohmigod , dad 's going to - '' a pair of sandals on the ground stop me dead . 
 jenny 's sandals . 
 `` jenny ! '' 
 i scream , scrambling over to the patch of grass where she 's lying face down , unmoving . 
 `` jenny ! '' 
 i shake her . 
 she does n't respond . 
 i need to get help . 
 i need to find my phone . 
 i need to ... it 's then that i notice another hunk of metal . 
 another car . 
 it 's in far worse shape than the audi . 
 my stomach sinks . 
 i can faintly make out the outline of people in it . 
 i stand and start waving my arms around frantically , without thought . 
 `` help ! '' 
 i scream . 
 there 's no point . 
 we 're on a dark wooded road in the middle of nowhere . 
 finally giving up , i creep over to the car , my heart pounding in my ears . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 i do n't know if i 'm more terrified to hear something or nothing at all . 
 i get no answer . 
 i lean in and squint , trying to get a glimpse through the broken glass . 
 i ca n't see ... it 's too dark ... snap . 
 snap . 
 snap ... like stage lights , suddenly a rush of light pours down over the area , illuminating the horrific scene within . 
 an older couple sits hunched over in the front seat and i have to look away , the mess of bloody flesh too gruesome to handle . 
 it 's too late for them . 
 i just know it . 
 but there 's someone in the back too . 
 i rush over and peer in to see a broken body with raven dark hair cradled in the contorted door . 
 `` ohmigod . '' 
 i gasp , my knees buckling . 
 it 's livie . 
 why the hell is she in this car ? 
 `` kacey . '' 
 icy cold fingers grip my heart at the sound of my name . 
 i peer further in and find a tall dark form sitting next to her . 
 trent . 
 he 's hurt . 
 bad . 
 but he 's awake and he 's looking at me with an intense stare . 
 `` you murdered my parents , kacey . 
 you 're a murderer . '' 
 the night nurse , sara , rushes into my room just as i 'm coming to , screaming at the top of my lungs . 
 `` it 's okay , kacey . 
 shh , it 's okay . '' 
 she rubs my back in slow circular motions as a cold sweat breaks out over my body . 
 she continues to do so , even as i curl up in the fetal position , hugging my knees to my chest tightly . 
 `` that one was unusually bad , kacey . '' 
 she 's been in here a few times already , during my night time episodes . 
 `` what was it about ? '' 
 i notice she does n't ask me if i want to talk about it . 
 she assumes i need to , whether i want to or not . 
 that 's the thing about this place . 
 all they want you to do is talk . 
 and all i want to do is stay quiet . 
 `` hmm , kacey ? '' 
 i swallow the prickly lump in my throat . 
 `` empathy . '' 
 *** `` so maybe you 're right . '' 
 dr. stayner 's brow curves up in question . 
 `` is this about the dream you had last night ? '' 
 my scowl tells him it is . 
 `` yes , sara told me . 
 she wanted me to know in case there were any concerns . 
 that 's her job . 
 she did n't betray you . '' 
 he says it like it 's a line he 's said time and time again . 
 `` what happened exactly ? '' 
 for whatever reason , i tell him the entire nightmare , from beginning to end , shivers running over my body as i relive it . 
 `` and what made it so horrible ? '' 
 i c ** k my head and glare at the doctor . 
 clearly he has n't been listening to me . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 everyone was dead . 
 jenny was dead , trent 's parents were dead . 
 i killed livie . 
 it was just ... so awful ! '' 
 `` you killed livie ? '' 
 `` well , yes . 
 it 's my fault . '' 
 `` hmm ... '' he nods , giving nothing away . 
 `` how did you feel when you saw jenny lying there , dead ? '' 
 my hands press against my belly button with the thought . 
 `` so you mourned her , '' he answered for me . 
 `` of course i did . 
 she was dead . 
 i 'm not a sociopath . '' 
 `` but she was driving the car that crashed into trent 's family . 
 into livie . 
 how can you possibly mourn her ? '' 
 i 'm rambling faster than i 'm thinking . 
 `` because it 's jenny . 
 she 'd never want to hurt anyone . 
 she did n't do it on purpose - '' i stop short and glare at him , clueing in . 
 `` sasha is not jenny . 
 i see what you 're doing . '' 
 `` and what is that ? '' 
 `` you 're trying to make me see sasha and trent as people who laugh and cry and have families . '' 
 his know-it-all brows rise . 
 `` it 's not the same ! 
 i hate them ! 
 i hate trent ! 
 he 's a murderer ! '' 
 dr. stayner leaps out of his chair and runs over to his book shelf , pulling off the biggest dictionary i 've ever seen . 
 he storms over and throws it into my lap . 
 `` there . 
 look up the word , murderer , kacey . 
 do it ! 
 look it up ! '' 
 he does n't wait for me to , likely feeling his asinine point made . 
 `` you 're not a stupid girl , kacey . 
 you can hide behind that word , or you accept it for what it is . 
 trent is not a murderer , and you do n't hate him . 
 you know both are true , so stop lying to me and , more importantly , stop lying to yourself . '' 
 `` yes i do hate him , '' i spit back , my voice losing some of its strength . 
 i hate dr. stayner right now . 
 i hate him because in the back of my mind , i know he 's right . 
 chapter nineteen dr. stayner leads me into a small white room with a window overlooking another small white room . 
 `` is this a one-way mirror ? '' 
 i knock on it . 
 `` yes , it is , kacey . 
 sit down . '' 
 `` okay , dr. dictator , '' i grumble , flopping into the pro-offered chair . 
 `` thank you , patient pain in the ass . '' 
 i smirk . 
 sometimes dr. stayner 's unconventional methods make this less painful . 
 mostly not , but sometimes . 
 `` what punishment do you have in store for me today ? '' 
 i throw back nonchalantly as the door pushes open . 
 my body goes rigid and i suck in a mouthful of air when i see the face walking through . 
 it 's trent . 
 cole . 
 trent . 
 fuck . 
 it 's been weeks since i saw him last . 
 with that light brown messy hair of his , striding in with those long , lean muscles , he 's as beautiful as ever . 
 that much i have to admit . 
 and i hate admitting it . 
 except now i see no smile on his face . 
 no dimples . 
 nothing that resembles the charming guy i fell in love with . 
 in love with . 
 i clench my teeth to fight the ache that comes with that recognition . 
 he takes the chair positioned directly in front of me . 
 i do n't even need to know trent to read the raw agony alive in his eyes . 
 but because i do know him , or some slice of him , that pain screams out to me . 
 and it 's intolerable . 
 instinctively , i want to reach out and take it away . 
 dr. stayner 's hands push down on my shoulders a second before i bolt out of the room . 
 `` he ca n't see you , kacey . 
 he ca n't hear you . '' 
 `` what 's he doing here ? '' 
 i whisper , my voice shaky . 
 `` why are you doing this to me ? '' 
 `` you keep saying you hate trent and we both know you do n't . 
 he 's here so you 'll admit that to yourself once and for all and move on . 
 there 's no room in your recovery to hang onto the idea of hatred . '' 
 i ca n't pry my eyes away from trent , even as i deny dr. stayner 's words . 
 `` you are one f ** ked up , twisted doc - '' dr. stayner cuts me off . 
 `` you know that he 's also my patient , kacey . 
 and he needs as much help as you do . 
 he also suffers from p.t.s.d. . 
 he also deluded himself into thinking he could bury his pain instead of dealing with it appropriately . 
 he just did it in a less conventional way . 
 we wo n't talk about that now . '' 
 i flinch as he pats my shoulder . 
 `` today , i 'm cheating a little . 
 this is a two for one session . '' 
 `` i knew it . '' 
 i shoot an accusatory finger up at him . 
 dr. stayner smiles as if my reaction is funny . 
 i do n't find any of this funny . 
 i wonder what the medical board will think of this when i report him . 
 `` this is as much for trent 's healing as it is for yours , kacey . 
 you are going to sit , and you are going to listen to what he has to say . 
 after this , you wo n't see him again . 
 he 's leaving after today to go back home . 
 he 's doing well but treating him effectively when he knows you 're in this building has been impossible . 
 i ca n't risk the two of you running in to each other . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 an unintelligible grunt is my only answer . 
 dr. stayner leans over to flip a switch beside a speaker . 
 i could bolt right now . 
 i could . 
 i 'd probably get away . 
 but i do n't . 
 i just sit and stare at this guy who i know so well , and not at all , and i wonder what he could possibly have to say . 
 and as much as part of me wants to , i ca n't force myself to look away . 
 `` he ca n't see you . 
 he wanted it that way . 
 there 's a red light to tell him his microphone is now on , '' dr. stayner explains and i hear a soft click behind me . 
 glancing back , i see that he 's stepped out of the room , leaving me to face the guy who destroyed me twice . 
 i wait with balled fists , and a clenched stomach as trent shifts in his chair , pulling it forward until his knees touch the glass . 
 he leans forward and rests his elbows on his knees , dropping his focus to his fingers , fidgeting . 
 those fingers , those hands , they were my salvation not long ago , bringing me remarkable joy . 
 how could things change so quickly ? 
 with slow almost pained movements , trent looks up , and he 's level with me , boring into my eyes , those light blue irises flecked with turquoise landing on me with such force that i 'm sure he can see me . 
 i panic , shifting to the left and right . 
 his pupils do n't follow . 
 okay , so maybe stayner is n't lying . 
 `` hey kacey , '' trent says softly . 
 hi , i mouth back before i can stop myself , the sound of his voice wrenching at my guts . 
 trent clears his voice . 
 `` this is a bit weird , talking to myself in a mirror , but it 's the only way i knew i could get through saying all that i needed to say so ... i 'm happy that you 're here , with dr. stayner . 
 he 's a great doctor , kacey . 
 trust him . 
 i wish i had trusted him fully . 
 then maybe i would n't have put you through all this . '' 
 he presses his lips together and looks away . 
 i 'm sure his eyes turn glassy , but they 're normal when he turns back to face me again . 
 `` i thought ... '' he swallows , his voice husky , `` i thought that making you fall in love with me would fix everything else i had done to you . 
 i thought i could make you happy , kacey . 
 happy enough that if you ever did find out , you 'd be okay with it . '' 
 he dips his head into his hands , holding his face for a moment before he lifts it again . 
 a sad smirk touches his lips . 
 `` how f ** ked up is that ? '' 
 there 's a long pause , a chance for me to study him , to remember all those days and nights of laughter and happiness . 
 i ca n't believe it was real . 
 it feels like a lifetime ago . 
 `` what happened that night four years ago was the worse decision i 've ever made , and one that i will live to regret for the rest of my life . 
 if i could turn back time , and save your family , save my family , save sasha and derek , i would . 
 i 'd do it . 
 i 'd do anything to change it . '' 
 his adam 's apple bobs up and down as he swallows . 
 `` sasha - '' he dips his head again . 
 i close my eyes at the sound of that name . 
 it still hurts , hearing it , but not as much anymore , i find . 
 not since dr. stayner 's lesson on empathy . 
 when i open my eyes , trent faces me again , unmistakable tears of hurt and loss spilling down his cheek . 
 that 's all it takes . 
 my body constricts , the sight of him so upset slashing through any defenses i had left . 
 my hands fly to cover my mouth , tears springing to my eyes before i can stop them . 
 i madly brush them away , but they just keep coming . 
 after everything , seeing trent in pain still burns me deeply . 
 and it 's because i do n't hate him . 
 i ca n't . 
 i loved him . 
 if i 'm honest with myself , i may still love him . 
 i do n't even care that he basically stalked me . 
 i do n't know why i do n't but i know that i do n't . 
 there , dr. stayner . 
 i admit it . 
 damn you ! 
 `` sasha was a good guy , kacey . 
 you wo n't believe me , but you would have liked him . 
 i grew up with him . '' 
 trent smiles sadly now , reminiscing . 
 `` he was like a brother to me . 
 he did n't deserve what happened to him but , in a strange way , it 's better this way . 
 he would n't have lasted ten minutes with that kind of guilt . 
 he - '' trent 's voice cracks as he runs his thumb across his cheeks to wipe away his tears . 
 `` he was a good guy . '' 
 trent 's gaze roams the perimeter of the glass window . 
 `` i know you must hate me , kacey . 
 you hated cole . 
 so much . 
 but i 'm not cole , kacey . 
 i 'm not that guy anymore . '' 
 he pauses and inhales deeply . 
 when he speaks again , his voice is steady and even , his irises brighter , his shoulders held a tiny bit higher . 
 `` i ca n't fix what i did to you . 
 all i can say is that i 'm sorry . 
 that and dedicate my life to letting others out there know how much this mistake can cost . 
 how much it can hurt . '' 
 his voice drifts off . 
 `` that much i can do . 
 for me and for you . '' 
 with a slow , cautious movement , he lifts a shaky hand and presses it against the glass . 
 he holds it there . 
 and i ca n't help myself . 
 i match my fingers perfectly to his , imagining what it would be like to feel his skin again , to have those fingers curl over mine , pull me into him , into his warmth . 
 into his life . 
 we stay like that , hand against hand , tears rolling down my cheeks , for a long moment . 
 then his hand drops back to his lap and his voice turns soft . 
 `` i wanted to tell you in person that , even though my intentions were wrong , '' now he levels the glass with a gaze full of heat and emotion . 
 one of his trent stares that buckles my knees . 
 `` what i felt for you was real , kacey . 
 it still is real . 
 i just ca n't hold onto it anymore . 
 we both need a chance to heal . '' 
 my heart leaps into my throat . 
 `` it is still real , '' i confirm out loud , softly . 
 it is real . 
 fresh tears spill down my cheeks as i realize what 's happening . 
 trent is saying good-bye . 
 `` i hope that one day you can heal from all of this , and someone can make you laugh . 
 you have such a beautiful laugh , kacey cleary . '' 
 `` no , '' i whisper suddenly , my brow furrowing . 
 `` no ! ' 
 both of my hands fly to the glass to pound on it . 
 i 'm not ready for good-bye , i realize . 
 not like this . 
 not yet . 
 maybe not ever . 
 i ca n't explain it . 
 i sure as hell do n't want to feel it . 
 but i do . 
 i hold my breath as i watch trent stand and walk out of the room , stiff-backed . 
 the sight of the door closing-of trent walking out of my life forever-unleashes a torrent of sobs and i tumble to the ground . 
 chapter twenty i study the titles in dr. stayner 's library , busying myself so i do n't have to look at the fat lip i gave him after yesterday 's group session . 
 it complements the black eye i gave him in last week 's session . 
 since the day trent said good-bye , i feel emptier than ever before . 
 there can be no doubt-trent or cole , mistake or murderer-that man had a strong hold on my heart , and he 's taken a chunk of it with him . 
 `` so , my sons have taken to calling wednesday 's `` dad 's ass whooping wednesdays , '' dr. stayner announces . 
 well , now that the moose is on the table , i ca n't very well avoid it . 
 `` sorry , '' i mumble , hazarding a glance at his face and wincing . 
 he smiles . 
 `` do n't be . 
 i know i pushed you a bit harder than i probably should have . 
 normally i ease my patients into talking about their trauma . 
 i thought a more aggressive approach might work for you . '' 
 `` what gave you that brilliant idea ? '' 
 `` because you 've compartmentalized your emotions and pain so tightly that we might need dy *** ite to break through , '' he jokes . 
 `` i mean , look at you . 
 you 're a trained fighter . 
 you could probably set my sons straight . 
 in fact , i might have you over for dinner to beat the snot out of them soon . '' 
 i roll my eyes at my unconventional quack of a doctor . 
 `` i would n't go that far . '' 
 `` i would . 
 you 've taken all that tragedy and channeled into one hell of a tough defense mechanism . '' 
 his voice turns softer . 
 `` but all defense mechanisms can be broken . 
 i think you 've already learned that . 
 `` trent - '' his name drifts over my tongue . 
 he nods . 
 `` we 're not going to talk about the accident today . '' 
 my shoulders slump with that news . 
 that 's usually all dr. stayner wants to talk about . 
 i wait as he makes himself comfortable in his chair . 
 `` we 're going to talk about coping . 
 about all the ways that a person can cope . 
 the good , the bad , the ugly . '' 
 dr. stayner goes through a laundry list of coping mechanisms , marking each one off on a finger , cycling through his hands several times . 
 `` drugs , alcohol , sex , anorexia , violence - '' i sit and listen , wondering where he 's going with it all . 
 `` an obsession with ` saving ' or ` fixing ' that which is broken . '' 
 i know who he 's talking about . 
 i was trent 's coping mechanism . 
 `` all these mechanisms seem like they help at the time , but in the end , they leave you weak and vulnerable . 
 they 're not healthy . 
 they 're not sustainable . 
 no human can lead a healthy fulfilling life with lines of cocaine by their bedside . 
 make sense so far ? '' 
 i nod . 
 i 'm no good for trent . 
 that 's what dr. stayner is saying . 
 that 's why trent said good-bye . 
 the wound inside is still raw from that day , but i do n't bury the pain . 
 i 'm done burying things . 
 there 's no point . 
 dr. stayner will drag it right back where it 's impossible to avoid , like a buffalo carcass sprawled out on a one lane highway . 
 `` good . 
 now , kacey , we need to find you a coping method that works for you . 
 kick boxing is not it . 
 it helps you channel your rage , yes . 
 but let 's find a way to permanently extinguish that rage . 
 i want you to brainstorm with me . 
 what do you think are healthy coping mechanisms ? '' 
 `` if i knew , i 'd be doing them , would n't i ? '' 
 i get an eye roll . 
 an eye roll from a professional . 
 `` come on now , you 're a smart girl . 
 think back to all the things you 've heard . 
 what other people have suggested . 
 i 'll get you started . 
 talking to others about the trauma is one . '' 
 now it 's my turn to roll my eyes at him . 
 dr. stayner waves his hands dismissively . 
 `` i know , i know . 
 believe me , you 've made yourself clear . 
 but talking about your pain and sharing it with others is one of the most powerful ways to cope . 
 it helps you release the hurt , not bottle it up until you explode . 
 other ways to cope include painting , and reading , setting goals , journaling about your feelings . '' 
 hmmm . 
 i could do journaling . 
 it 's still a private activity . 
 `` yoga 's fantastic too . 
 it helps clear your mind , it makes you focus on your breathing . '' 
 breathing . 
 `` ten tiny breaths , '' i murmur more to myself , feeling my lips curl with the irony . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 dr. stayner leans forward , pushing his bifocals up with one finger . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no , nothing . 
 something my mother used to say . 
 take ten tiny breaths . '' 
 `` when did she say that ? '' 
 `` whenever i was sad or upset or nervous . '' 
 dr. stayner 's fingers rub his chin . 
 `` i see , and did she say anything else ? 
 do you remember ? '' 
 i smirk . 
 of course i remember . 
 it 's firmly emblazoned in my head . 
 `` she would say , ` just breathe , kacey . 
 ten tiny breaths . 
 seize them . 
 feel them . 
 love them . ' '' 
 there 's a long pause . 
 `` and what do you think she meant by that ? '' 
 i frown irritably . 
 `` she was telling me to breathe . '' 
 `` hmmm . '' 
 he rolls a pen over the surface of his desk as if in deep thought . 
 `` and how will tiny breaths help ? 
 why tiny ? 
 why not deep breaths ? '' 
 i slap my hands on his desk . 
 `` that 's what i always asked . 
 now you see . '' 
 but he does n't see . 
 by the tiny crook of his lips , he sees something different . 
 something that i do n't see . 
 `` do you think it matters if they 're tiny or deep ? '' 
 i scowl . 
 i do n't like these kinds of games . 
 `` what do you think she meant by it ? '' 
 `` what do you think she meant by it ? '' 
 i want to punch dr. stayner in the mouth again . 
 i really , really want to punch him again . 
 *** just breathe , kacey . 
 ten tiny breaths . 
 seize them . 
 feel them . 
 love them . 
 i play these words over and over in my head like i have a thousand times before to no avail , as i lie awake in my cell that 's not actually a cell . 
 it 's a nice small room with a private bath and sunny yellow walls , but i feel confined all the same . 
 dr. stayner knew what my mom meant right away . 
 i could tell by that snotty smirk on his face . 
 i guess you have to be super smart . 
 dr. stayner is obviously super smart . 
 i , obviously , am not . 
 i inhale deeply , jogging my memory of the conversation . 
 what did he say , again ? 
 breathing can be a coping mechanism . 
 and then he questioned the tiny breaths . 
 but he set up me . 
 he already had the answer to it . 
 and the answer is ... one ... two ... three ... i count to ten , hoping profound wisdom will land on my head . 
 it does n't . 
 do you think it matters if they 're tiny or deep ? 
 he asked . 
 well , if they 're not tiny breaths and they 're not deep breaths , then they 're just ... breaths . 
 then you 're just breathing for the sake of ... breathing . 
 ... seize them . 
 feel them . 
 love them ... i bolt up straight , a weird calming sensation flowing through my body as understanding dawns on me . 
 it 's so simple . 
 god , it 's so f ** king simple . 
 stage eight ~ recovery chapter twenty-one six weeks later . 
 group therapy . 
 one ... two ... three ... four ... five ... six ... seven ... eight ... nine ... ten . 
 i try not to fidget with my fingers as they sit folded in my lap . 
 `` my name is kacey cleary . 
 four years ago , my car was hit by a drunk driver . 
 my mother and father , my best friend , and my boyfriend were all killed . 
 i had to sit in the car , holding my dead boyfriend 's hand , listening to my mother take her last breath , until the paramedics could free me . '' 
 i pause to swallow . 
 one ... two ... three ... i take deep breaths this time . 
 long , deep breaths . 
 they 're not tiny . 
 they 're huge . 
 they 're monumental . 
 `` i used alcohol and drugs to drown out the pain at first . 
 then i moved on to violence and sex . 
 but now , '' i look directly at dr. stayner , `` i just appreciate the fact that i can hug my sister , and laugh with my friends , and walk , and run . 
 that i am alive . 
 that i can breathe . '' 
 i 'm above water . 
 and this time i 'm staying where i belong . 
 *** a loud rush of clapping greets me at penny 's as i turn the corner to find everyone waiting for me . 
 nate 's the first to greet me , stooping down and lifting me up into an enormous bear hug . 
 i do n't even flinch with the contact . 
 i 've learned to appreciate it fully again . 
 `` i always knew you were batshit crazy . '' 
 ben hollers from somewhere . 
 i whirl around in time for him to scoop me up and hold me tight to his body . 
 `` and tough as nails , for surviving all of that , '' he adds softly in my ear . 
 `` i would have cried like a five year old girl . 
 you okay ? '' 
 i pat his arm as he puts me down . 
 `` i 'm getting there . 
 i 've got a really long road ahead . '' 
 `` well , it has n't been the same without you here , i can tell you that much , '' he says . 
 his brow suddenly furrows . 
 `` hey , so is that your sister over there ? '' 
 his head nods toward livie , who 's standing with storm and dan . 
 `` because , i was thinking of asking her - '' `` she 's fifteen . '' 
 i smack him playfully in the stomach . 
 `` have they not taught you the meaning of statutory rape in school yet , lawyer boy ? '' 
 his eyes widen in surprise , his hands going up in a sign of surrender . 
 `` dammit , '' i hear him mutter under his breath , shaking his head as he gives livie another quick once over . 
 it 's just before opening and the girls are in their outfits-or lack thereof-so mia has stayed home with a sitter . 
 livie 's eyes stick to storm and dan , afraid to wander anywhere . 
 tanner 's there too , his jaw hanging open shamelessly . 
 the biggest surprise though ? 
 my unconventional quack is there . 
 `` i 'm not sure this constitutes healthy patient-doctor protocol , '' i joke , poking him in the ribs . 
 he chuckles as he throws his arm around me in a side hug . 
 `` neither does punching your doctor in the face ... twice , but i let that slide so do me a solid . '' 
 livie and storm 's mouths drop open while dan and ben double over , laughing . 
 `` champagne , anyone ? '' 
 cain sweeps through with a pat on the back and a tray of tall , filled flutes . 
 a twinge of familiarity saddens the moment as i remember the last time someone handed me a champagne flute . 
 i was with trent . 
 i miss him . 
 i miss his eyes , his touch , the way he made me feel . 
 that 's right . 
 i can admit it to myself now without guilt or anger or resentment . 
 i miss trent . 
 i miss him every day . 
 a hand slips under my elbow and squeezes . 
 it 's storm . 
 she somehow senses the turmoil going on inside me . 
 she understands . 
 `` to the toughest nut i 've ever had the pleasure of cracking , '' dr. stayner announces and we all clink glasses and sip . 
 `` so , am i cured , doc ? '' 
 i ask , savoring the sweet fizzy liquid pooling in my mouth for more than the taste of it . 
 it reminds me of trent 's mouth , of the last time that he kissed me . 
 he winks . 
 `` i 'll never use the word cured , kacey . 
 healed is a better word . 
 there 's one last epic step in your recovery before i 'd say you 're on your way to healing properly though . '' 
 my brow quirks . 
 `` oh yeah ? 
 and what 's that ? '' 
 `` i ca n't tell you . 
 you 'll know when you know . 
 trust me . '' 
 i quirk my brow playfully . 
 `` trust a quack ? '' 
 `` i very expensive quack , '' he adds with a wink . 
 speaking of which ... `` so who is this friend of a friend of a friend of dan 's who got me in to see you ? 
 i should probably thank them , '' i ask innocently . 
 dr. stayner 's eyes flash to storm and then quickly avert to the bar . 
 `` oh , look ! 
 caviar ! '' 
 he slips away to a platter which , no doubt does not have caviar . 
 that pretty much confirms it for me , but i play along anyway . 
 `` livie ? '' 
 she looks like the proverbial cat who swallowed the canary . 
 `` do n't get mad ? '' 
 i wait , smoothing my expression . 
 `` trent 's dad paid for it all . '' 
 i mock gasp and level her with my best glare . 
 livie rushes to explain , all flustered and red-faced . 
 `` you needed help , kacey and it 's really expensive help . 
 i did n't want to put you in some government-paid shit because they did n't help you last time , and the wait lists were too long and - '' tears well up . 
 `` carter had you listed as dr. stayner 's patient in under an hour . 
 dr. stayner is a friend of theirs and he 's really good and - '' the tears are streaming now . 
 `` please do n't digress . 
 you 're doing so well . 
 please do n't . '' 
 `` livie ! '' 
 i grab hold of her shoulders and shake her . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i figured it out already . 
 and you did the right thing . '' 
 she swallows . 
 `` i did ? '' 
 there 's a delay and then she punches my arm , her face twisting in a scowl . 
 `` you knew and you let me freak out ? '' 
 i laugh and pull her to me in a tight hug . 
 `` yes , livie . 
 you always do the right thing . 
 you know , i always think i need to take care of you , but in truth you 're the one who takes care of me . 
 you always have . '' 
 she laughs softly as she rubs the tears away with the back of her hand . 
 i pause , not sure if i should ask , but i do anyway . 
 `` have you talked to carter about trent ? '' 
 livie nods and offers me a gentle smile . 
 i told her about trent 's goodbye . 
 i 'm pretty sure i heard her crying through the phone . 
 even she ca n't hate trent . 
 `` carter calls me every few weeks to check in . 
 trent 's doing well , kacey . 
 really good , '' she whispers . 
 `` good , '' i nod , smiling . 
 i do n't ask anymore . 
 it 's best that we stay apart , i know that . 
 but it still hurts inside . 
 god it still hurts . 
 but feeling is okay , i tell myself . 
 i wo n't hurt forever . 
 `` so , girls , i have to tell you something , '' storm interrupts us and looks up at dan . 
 with a nod from him , she announces , `` i 'm leaving penny 's . 
 i 'm going to open up an acrobatics school ! '' 
 livie and i must be mirror images of each other with our jaws hanging open . 
 `` but that 's not all , dan just bought a house on the beach and he 's asked mia and i to move in with him and i said yes . 
 well , '' she rolls her eyes , `` mia said yes and what she says goes . '' 
 there 's a moment of silence before livie throws her arms around storm . 
 `` that 's great , storm ! '' 
 she begins to cry again . 
 `` oh , these are happy tears , really . 
 i 'm going to miss you so much . '' 
 bittersweet delight washes over me as storm and i exchange a glance over livie 's shoulder . 
 i 'm going to miss living next door to her . 
 everything 's changing . 
 everyone 's moving on . 
 `` i was counting on that because , '' storm pushes livie back for a moment and takes a deep breath , suddenly nervous . 
 `` the house is big . 
 i mean , huge . 
 dan inherited money from his grandma . 
 we have five bedrooms there . 
 and ... well ... you two have become such an important part of our lives and i want it to stay that way . 
 so we were thinking you guys could move in with us . '' 
 i look from livie to storm to dan . 
 `` are you sure you do n't need therapy , dan ? '' 
 i ask with all seriousness.he only chuckles , pulling storm close to him . 
 storm plows on . 
 `` livie , you can concentrate on getting that scholarship to princeton that i know you 're going to get . 
 kacey - '' she fixes me with a stern look , taking hold of my hands in hers , '' - figure out what you want in life and go after it . 
 i 'm here for you every step of the way . 
 i 'm not going anywhere . '' 
 i nod , biting my lip to stop myself from crying . 
 it does n't work . 
 soon , i ca n't see her through my tears . 
 my happy tears . 
 *** `` sure is going to be quiet without you ladies around here , '' tanner says , scratching his head as he sits down beside me on the park bench in the commons . 
 it 's nine at night and dark . 
 the movers are coming in the morning for our things . 
 `` like what you 've done with the place , tanner , '' i say as i take in the tiny white christmas lights strung through freshly pruned bushes . 
 the gardens are weeded and cut back and there 're a few tiny purple flowers blooming throughout . 
 a new barbeque sits next to a picnic table and , by the lingering scent of grilled meat in the air , i 'd say the commons is finally getting some use . 
 `` that 's all your sister 's doing , '' tanner mumbles . 
 `` kept herself busy while you were away . '' 
 he leans back and settles crossed arms on his protruding belly . 
 `` so now i 've got three apartments to fill . 
 yours , storm 's , and 1d . '' 
 without meaning to , i peer over my shoulder at the dark window and sadness lingers . 
 `` you have n't rented it yet ? 
 trent 's been gone for months . '' 
 saying his name makes my mouth dry up and a hollowness blossom inside me . 
 `` yeah , i know . 
 but he paid for six months . 
 plus i was hopin ' he might show up again . '' 
 he picks at his fingernails in silence for a moment . 
 `` i heard the whole story . 
 livie told me . 
 tough thing for both of you . '' 
 i nod slowly . 
 tanner stretches his legs out . 
 `` did i ever tell you about my brother ? '' 
 `` uh ... no ... ? '' 
 `` name was bob . 
 he went out one night with his girlfriend . 
 had one beer too many . 
 thought he was fine to drive . 
 hey , it happens . 
 no excuse , but it happens . 
 wrapped his car around a tree . 
 killed his girlfriend . '' 
 i wait quietly for tanner to continue , watching his hands fumble and his one leg jitter . 
 `` he was never the same after that . 
 i found him hanging in dad 's barn six months later . '' 
 `` i ... '' i swallow as i reach forward tentatively and pat tanner on the shoulder . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , tanner . '' 
 that 's all i can say . 
 he nods , accepting my condolences . 
 `` it 's a terrible accident on all fronts . 
 the wrong doer . 
 the victims . 
 they all suffer somethin' fierce , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` yes , you 're right , '' i answer hoarsely , concentrating on the tiny christmas lights , wondering if tanner needed two months of intense therapy to come to that realization . 
 `` well , anyway , '' tanner stands up . 
 `` i hope bob 's at peace now . 
 i like to think he met up with kimmy in heaven . 
 maybe she forgave him for what he did to her . '' 
 tanner walks away with his hands in his pockets , leaving me to stare at the dark window in 1d . 
 and suddenly i know what i need to do . 
 i can barely dial dr. stayner 's number , my hands trembling . 
 he gave it to me in case of emergencies . 
 this is an emergency . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 the smooth voice answers and i picture him sitting in a wing chair by a fire with his glasses sitting on his nose , reading a shrinks today magazine . 
 `` dr. stayner ? '' 
 `` yes , kacey ? 
 are you alright ? '' 
 `` yes , i am . 
 dr. stayner , i have a favor to ask of you . 
 i know it 's probably an abuse of our relationship and confidentiality but - '' `` what is it , kacey ? '' 
 i can hear the patient smile in his voice . 
 `` tell him that i forgive him . 
 for everything . '' 
 there 's a long pause . 
 `` dr. stayner ? 
 can you do that ? 
 please ? '' 
 `` i certainly can , kacey . '' 
 stage nine - forgiveness chapter twenty-two waves lap at my feet as i walk along the shore line toward home , watching the sun dive below the horizon for the night . 
 when storm said `` the beach , '' i did n't know she meant a property that backs right onto miami beach . 
 and when she said `` a big house '' i did n't know she meant a sprawling three story mansion with wrap-around balconies and a separate wing for livie and i. apparently , grandma ryder had her wrinkly fingers in the oil fields and her only grandchild , officer dan , made out like a fox in a henhouse . 
 we 've been here almost five months and i still have n't quite settled . 
 i do n't know if it 's because it 's too beautiful to be real , or if it 's missing something . 
 or someone . 
 every night , i walk along the beach , listening to the calm waves lap up onto the shore , appreciating the fact that i can walk , and run , and breathe . 
 and love . 
 and i wonder where trent is . 
 and how he 's doing . 
 if he 's found a good coping mechanism to help him heal . 
 dr. stayner never updated me after that phone call . 
 i trust that he passed on the message . 
 i have no doubt about that . 
 i can only hope that it has brought trent some level of peace . 
 but i have n't pushed further . 
 i have no right . 
 i 've asked livie a few times if she 's heard about trent from carter . 
 carter makes a point of calling livie every other sunday to check in on us and ask her how school is going . 
 i think livie really likes that . 
 it 's like she has a father figure in her life to help fill the vast hole left after the accident . 
 maybe , in time , i 'll be able to talk to him too . 
 i do n't know ... every time i ask about trent though , she all but pleads with me not to hurt him or myself by reopening those wounds . 
 of course livie 's right . 
 livie always knows what 's best . 
 i try not to think about trent moving on with his life , even though he probably has . 
 thinking of him with his arms around anyone else only feeds the deep ache in my chest . 
 i need more time before i can face that reality . 
 and my love for him , well , i do n't know that it will ever fade . 
 i 'll just move on with my life , a part of me always wishing he were in it . 
 moving on ... something i have n't done since my parents died . 
 my feet slow as i gaze out at the sun dropping below the horizon , its last light dancing over thousands of ripples , and i thank god for giving me a second chance . 
 `` i think i like this meeting place better than the laundromat . '' 
 the sound of that deep voice stops my heart dead . 
 i gasp and spin around to find blue eyes and a mess of golden brown hair . 
 trent is standing in front of me with his hands in his pockets . 
 here , in person . 
 i struggle to kick start my breathing as my heart starts up again , only now it 's pounding slow and rhythmic against my chest cavity . 
 a jumble of emotions slam into me and i stand frozen , trying to separate and understand each one so i can deal with them . 
 not suppress them . 
 no more bottling . 
 i feel happiness . 
 happiness that trent is here . 
 longing . 
 longing to feel him against my skin again , his arms protecting me , his mouth on mine . 
 love . 
 whatever happened between us , it was real . 
 i know it was real . 
 and i love him for letting me experience that . 
 hope . 
 hope that something beautiful may come from this tragic story . 
 fear . 
 fear that it wo n't . 
 forgiveness ... forgiveness . 
 `` why are you here ? '' 
 i blurt out without thinking , my body trembling . 
 `` livie asked me to come . '' 
 livie . 
 always the surprise . 
 trent 's voice is so low and smooth . 
 i could close my eyes and listen to it vibrate in my ear drums all night long , but i do n't because i 'm terrified he 'll disappear . 
 so i stare at him , at his parted lips , at his blue on blue irises as they roam my face . 
 `` i guess she 's convinced you do n't stuff kittens into atms anymore . '' 
 i finally manage to say . 
 he chuckles , his eyes twinkling . 
 `` no , i suppose that 's one less worry for her . '' 
 he 's a mere five feet away , three steps from my arms , and i ca n't close the distance . 
 i want to , so badly . 
 but it 's not my right . 
 that lean strong body , that face , that smile , that heart-none of it belongs to me anymore , outside of my dreams . 
 someone else will enjoy that blessing . 
 maybe they already are . 
 `` does dr. stayner know you 're here ? '' 
 i watch trent 's chest rise and fall with a deep inhale . 
 `` yeah , i told him . 
 i do n't hide anything from him anymore . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i hug myself tightly . 
 `` so how are you doing ? '' 
 he gazes at me for a long moment before he smiles . 
 `` i 'm good , kacey . '' 
 there 's a pause . 
 `` but not great . '' 
 i feel my brow furrow with concern . 
 `` why ? 
 what 's wrong ? 
 is therapy not working ? '' 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 trent 's brow arches as he takes two steps forward , closing the distance , his hands firmly gripping the sides of my waist . 
 i suck in a gasp of air , his proximity to my body both alarming and intoxicating . 
 `` what 's wrong is that every morning and every night , i lie in bed wondering why you 're not beside me . '' 
 my legs start to wobble . 
 `` you know why , '' i answer in a low , defeated voice . 
 inside i 'm screaming , cursing reality . 
 `` no , i knew why before . 
 but you set me free , kacey , remember ? '' 
 i forgive you . 
 i nod and swallow . 
 his hand lifts to stroke my cheek with the pad of this thumb . 
 `` and there 's nowhere i 'd rather be than with you . '' 
 his thumb grazes my bottom lip . 
 i ca n't seem to catch a breath . 
 my hand shakes as i push a lock of hair back behind my ear . 
 `` what does dr. stayner say about this ? 
 is n't this wrong ? '' 
 `` oh , kace . '' 
 trent 's lips curve and he flashes me the deepest set of dimples i 've ever seen , buckling my knees . 
 `` nothing 's ever been more right . '' 
 that 's all i need to hear . 
 i barrel into his arms , my mouth connecting with his . 
 seizing him . 
 feeling him . 
 loving him . 
 epilogue a light breeze ruffles the folds of storm 's dress as she and dan stand for pictures with the ocean and a fall sunset as a back drop . 
 she 's the most beautiful bride i 've ever seen , all the more so with her swollen belly . 
 the baby is due in just three months and mia has taken to referring to it as `` alien baby x. '' i do n't know where she comes up with this stuff . 
 dan , probably . 
 the baby is another girl . 
 dan jokes that he 's doomed , but secretly , i think he misses all the female companionship . 
 the beach house is a little less estrogen-laden these days with livie in new jersey and me dividing my time between there , school , and trent 's condo five minutes away . 
 `` who knew there 'd be so many hot women at a wedding ? '' 
 trent sidles up behind me , hanging his arms around my shoulders . 
 my stomach does a nervous somersault flutter . 
 it always does that when trent touches me . 
 even after three years , he can do things to me with a look that i thought impossible . 
 i hope that never fades . 
 `` by so many , you mean one , right ? '' 
 i murmur as i tip my head back and nuzzle my nose against his jaw line . 
 he groans . 
 `` you trying to give me an erection in front of my parents ? '' 
 i laugh and roll my gaze over to see carter and bonnie watching us from the distance , and they 're beaming . 
 during therapy , i realized that me barring them from my and livie 's life from the beginning did n't allow them the chance to heal as a family . 
 after trent and i reconnected , i made a point of writing a heartfelt note to them as way of apology . 
 first bonnie appeared at my door in tears , then carter . 
 one thing led to another and here they are , hand in hand , a family again . 
 the wind carries livie 's soft giggle to us . 
 she 's with mia , who 's busy showing her all her new grown up teeth . 
 livie earned that full scholarship to princeton like we all expected so we do n't see her much anymore . 
 i 'm so proud of her . 
 i know dad would be too . 
 but i miss her like crazy . 
 and i think she 's dating someone , but i 'm not sure . 
 she 's remaining vague about whatever 's going on in princeton , and that 's usually a sign of a man . 
 i hope she is . 
 livie deserves that and so much more . 
 i look out over the crowd of friendly faces . 
 they 're all there . 
 cain and nate-as dashing in suits as any man can be . 
 tanner , with a lady friend who he met online . 
 even ben , arm in arm with a blonde bombshell lawyer from the firm he just joined . 
 he catches me watching him and he winks . 
 i ca n't help but chuckle . 
 oh , ben . 
 `` you want to go to vegas next week ? '' 
 trent whispers , biting my ear playfully . 
 i giggle . 
 `` i 've got midterms , remember ? '' 
 i just finished my first year of psychology at state . 
 i plan on specializing in post-traumatic stress disorder therapy . 
 i already have a killer reference from the renowned and unorthodox dr. stayner . 
 `` just a quick trip . 
 to the chapel and back . '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 i lean back and look into his eyes to see if he 's joking . 
 i see nothing but love . 
 his fingers graze my cheek lovingly . 
 `` oh yeah . '' 
 trent has kept his promise . 
 he makes me smile every day . 
