 prologue saturday quinn i watched the plane take off and wondered if i had made a big mistake . 
 the city of chicago floated beneath me , and i was sent up into the clouds for a spring break i was n't even sure i wanted . 
 i sighed . 
 so lame . 
 twenty-one years old and i was more comfortable working and studying than having fun . 
 `` do n't even think about it , '' mackenzie said . 
 her newly dyed chestnut , curly hair fell perfectly over her brow as she studied me . 
 `` if you keep it up , you 'll have a breakdown . 
 you need sun , sand , and sex . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` says you , because you 're comfortable getting all of it , miss country star . 
 or at least , most of it . '' 
 that comment earned me a snort . 
 `` me-i 'm more used to rain and fog and sidewalks . 
 this is n't gon na be like one of those spring break movies , right ? 
 jocks slipping drugs into girls ' drinks and taking photos of them to post on the internet ? 
 or sharks feeding on young bodies in a blood bath ? '' 
 mackenzie groaned . 
 `` way too much lifetime tv , girlfriend . 
 how about a tropical drink on a lounge chair , your toes in the sand , and some hot guy standing over you , bare chested and ready to serve all your needs ? '' 
 her eyebrows waggled up and down and i laughed . 
 `` maybe for you . '' 
 `` maybe for you , too , if you 'd stop volunteering every spare second and recognized a man younger than seventy . '' 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll stop complaining since you were nice enough to finance the whole trip . 
 at least i have my own room . 
 i 'm so sick of roommates and socks on the door . '' 
 my second best friend , cassie , craned her neck and popped into the conversation . 
 `` i 'm with quinn . 
 finals are coming and i want my damn 4.0 . '' 
 mackenzie grabbed her magazine from the pouch in the seat in front and whipped out her ipod . 
 `` you two are hopeless . 
 we are going to have fun on this trip , even if i have to force you . 
 no books , no studying , no lameness . 
 got it ? '' 
 i grabbed her ipod . 
 `` you ca n't turn it on yet ; it 'll mess with the plane . '' 
 `` that 's just a superstition , '' mac announced , trying to grab it back . 
 cassie pulled the plug . 
 `` quinn 's right , i 'm not crashing before i graduate . '' 
 mackenzie groaned . 
 `` if it was a real problem , they 'd take away our electronics at the gate . 
 and how 'd i get stuck in the middle seat , anyway ? 
 you 're going to torture me all the way to key west . '' 
 i met cassie 's gaze and giggled . 
 mac was the one with the money , fame , and outgoing personality . 
 she was a country star by sixteen , thrust into the spotlight , and came to college to get an education and get lost . 
 i hated country music-she 's still mad at me for that-and had no idea who she was , even after she played me her top ten hit . 
 cassie was the studious one in our threesome , and probably one of the smartest , sweetest girls i knew . 
 and me ? 
 well , i was the worker bee . 
 save the world , one person at a time , i guess . 
 i tried to get everything right so i did n't disappoint anyone , especially myself . 
 we 'd met freshman year in english 101 and the moment we started chatting , something clicked . 
 it was as if each of us brought something strong to the group , and i liked that . 
 i had lots of acquaintances at chicago state , but cassie and mackenzie were true friends . 
 cassie and mac started arguing over the rules of turning on a kindle , and i turned back to the window . 
 maybe this was a good thing for me . 
 i was tired lately , and not up to my usual strict standards of achievement . 
 a little sun and relaxation may jump-start me to finish the quarter strong , and getting prepared for my summer internship at the rehabilitation center . 
 maybe i 'd even meet a cute boy i could flirt with . 
 even sleep with . 
 someone who could give me an orgasm . 
 i was tired of reading about the experience in magazines and hearing about its greatness constantly in the dorm . 
 i settled my head back in the seat and tried not to hope for too much . 
 after all , i was usually disappointed . 
 chapter one sunday a red solo cup was thrust into my hands , and i automatically grabbed it . 
 foam spilled over the top and dripped on my flip-flops . 
 i had never gotten into the taste of beer , and was hoping for one of those sweet cocktail drinks with the umbrella in it . 
 like sex on the beach . 
 the girls had gotten me hooked , and i 'd had my fair share since we landed . 
 of course , i was n't at the hotel , and this was probably going to be the best i got . 
 unless i wanted hard liquor . 
 i suppressed a shudder . 
 i 'd gotten drunk on rum once and threw up for hours . 
 i still could n't smell it without getting nauseous . 
 i forced myself to take a sip and maneuvered my way through the crowds , heading outside . 
 the house was set up on a hill in a more rural part of the island , and reminded me of those mansions shown on hgtv . 
 white with powder blue shutters , it was three stories and held an enormous deck that showcased the in-ground lagoon-type pool , tiki bar , and hot tub . 
 girls in tiny bikinis lounged on the side with their feet in . 
 some were on guys ' shoulders doing chicken fights and pretending to be embarrassed when their tops slipped and they flashed the crowd . 
 of course , they had br ** sts , not like me , who was built with more of a slim frame and barely filled out a b cup . 
 boys stood in tight groups , drooling over beer , drooling over women , and drooling period . 
 ah , crap . 
 i should n't have come . 
 the first day was perfect-we got off the plane , settled into our awesome rooms , and relaxed for the evening . 
 the hotel was first class-mackenzie only did top shelf-and the place boasted four restaurants , two pools , swim-up bars , a dance club , and the all-important room service . 
 we swam and hung out the rest of the afternoon , then had dinner at the pool . 
 that was the type of event i enjoyed-my best friends , beachy drinks , a stacked hamburger , and some laughs . 
 but today they ditched me early , citing excuses about plans made already , so we arranged to meet at the local bar this evening . 
 the first few hours were cool , but then i began to feel pretty pathetic alone in my one-piece suit while couples or groups swarmed around me . 
 then a girl with a bobbing red ponytail thrust a flyer in my hand and invited me to a party in one of the private villas on the island . 
 not that i was special . 
 she handed them out to everyone in lounge chairs , chirping about how it was the party of the century and a tradition for key west spring break . 
 i never went to places alone , with people i do n't know . 
 but i could only do so much sunbathing and pretending to read a hot romance on my kindle . 
 i was getting twitchy and bored . 
 water sports were n't my thing , so i figured , why not ? 
 do something daring , quinn . 
 go to a party where you 're a stranger , and maybe meet a hot guy . 
 hook up , get laid , get happy . 
 now , i wished i 'd stayed put . 
 i sipped the lukewarm beer for something to do , and found a spot near the balcony . 
 hooking my elbows over the top , i watched the show at the pool while music pounded out in grindy hip-hop rhythm to inspire abandon and nakedness . 
 for one second , i wished i was the type of girl to climb in the pool , shake her ass , and enjoy a little feminine power . 
 i always felt so out of place wherever i went , unless it revolved around work . 
 social scenes reminded me i was n't flashy enough or bouncy enough or enough of anything . 
 poor quinn . 
 at a cool party in key west on spring break and complaining . 
 my inner voice-who i termed my `` inner bitch '' - rose up and made me smother a giggle . 
 i had gotten used to talking to myself back in the day and never got out of the habit . 
 sometimes i was my best company . 
 my gaze swept the pool deck to see if there was anyone i may know , or want to get to know , and then-boom . 
 there he was . 
 mr. perfect . 
 i blinked and tried to clear my vision . 
 trust me , i 'm not one of the swoon-worthy girls who describes a guy like some male specimen . 
 i 've never been into the visual as much as enjoying a guy 's sense of humor and conversation . 
 always thought i was n't built that way . 
 even the first naked guy i saw on hbo did n't do it for me , and all my friends had gone on and on about his abs and ass and dick like they were dying to do him . 
 me-not so much . 
 but for the first time , i kind of lost my breath . 
 he was n't movie-star handsome and did n't own rippling muscles or crazy tats or piercings . 
 he leaned against the railing behind the bar , watching me , a tiny smirk resting on those full lips . 
 as if i amused him by doing nothing . 
 his hair was midnight black , rich against his tanned skin , and fell into perfect , tousled curls over his forehead . 
 his eyes were a startling light blue , so pale they seemed to shimmer in his face with an odd light . 
 i tried to break the gaze , but he would n't let me , just held my stare and refused to let go . 
 as if the first one to look away lost . 
 i actually shivered under the hot sun . 
 something about that gleam of interest and laziness said he was trying to decide if he wanted to play the game . 
 if he played , he 'd bring it hard . 
 this guy was no bumbling , inexperienced boy . 
 probably twenty-three , but his gaze said he 'd seen things , done things , and would maybe like to do them with me . 
 he was bare chested , with plain navy-blue board shorts , and nicely built . 
 toned , but not overdone . 
 his stomach rippled , and he stood with his feet slightly braced apart , as if he owned his space . 
 whoa . 
 my heart fluttered in my chest , and suddenly my palms grew damp . 
 i squeezed the railing tighter and tried to be cool . 
 ridiculous . 
 he may be hot , but i do n't think i even liked him . 
 he was too confident , too used to girls falling over him and giving him what he wanted . 
 i hated men like that-as if just by showing up they deserved more than anyone else . 
 it was an entitlement thing , and since i 'd had none of it , and had to work my way through every struggle in my life by myself , i did n't respect him . 
 he suddenly arched a brow , as if he read my thoughts and was even more amused . 
 usually , that would embarrass me enough to race inside to escape , but this time i did something that was quite unlike me . 
 i gave him a tight smile , and deliberately turned my back on him . 
 there . 
 take that . 
 way to go , quinn . 
 there goes your one opportunity to sleep with a guy who probably knows what he 's doing . 
 nah , not worth giving him another notch for his sexual belt . 
 i did have my pride . 
 but not orgasms . 
 please , shut up . 
 `` i did n't even say anything . 
 how can i shut up ? '' 
 oh god , it was him . 
 i knew it . 
 i dragged in a deep breath and turned around . 
 chapter two the moment i saw her , my heart stopped . 
 i know it sounds like bullshit . 
 that stuff does n't happen . 
 it 's always glamorized in those pu ** y chick flicks . 
 the music blares , their eyes meet , and you know they 'll be f ** king each other in the next half hour . 
 trust me , i 've been with tons of girls , thought i was actually in love once but quickly got screwed-and not in a good way-and not once has my organ paused in my chest . 
 she was f ** king gorgeous . 
 not in the way i knew . 
 i was so used to tons of makeup , tight , tanned bodies , and big tits . 
 it 's the way it is . 
 i run in circles of society and money , and no matter how much i try to get out of it and despise the surface crap , i 'm stuck . 
 the few times i met a girl who seemed genuine , i found out later it was an act-a way to grab my attention and seem different . 
 but this girl rocked me . 
 first off , she came alone , and seemed content to keep to herself . 
 she watched from the edges of the party with a thoughtful , analyzing air that intrigued me . 
 she emanated a quiet , confident presence that radiated around her , like she was a calm in the storm of chaos . 
 she seemed completely removed from the laughter and antics in the pool and around the bar . 
 not necessarily above it all . 
 almost like she longed to join but had accepted she was n't meant to belong . 
 her hair fell straight and silky past her shoulders and hid her face , like a screen that swayed back and forth in a game of peekaboo . 
 it was a rich shade of brownish black that contrasted with her pale skin . 
 sort of like snow white in modern day . 
 when the curtain finally parted , i was fascinated by her face . 
 large almond eyes , dark as sin , stared back at me . 
 her mouth looked swollen , as if she chewed on her lips as a nervous habit , but maybe they were natural . 
 she owned stark features-high cheekbones , strong jaw , broad forehead . 
 the one-piece bathing suit should n't have been sexy when surrounded by miniscule bikinis , but it was . 
 hell yeah it was . 
 the simple black was demure in the front , but cut high on the thigh to emphasize gorgeous , non-ending legs . 
 the thought of those calves gripping my hips as i thrust inside her made me hard . 
 when she turned to the side , i realized the suit pretty much had no back , and the fabric stretched over her ass like a gift from the gods . 
 i imagined cupping her , lifting her up so i could take her brutally against the wall , forcing moans from those lush lips , and biting them myself . 
 swirls of raw lust caught me off guard . 
 she was unlike anyone i had ever seen , and my dick demanded to claim her . 
 of course , this was when a few of my crew busted in on my lightbulb moment . 
 `` fresh meat , james ? '' 
 rich pointed out from behind the bar . 
 `` you 're eyeing her like you have n't eaten in a while . '' 
 `` anyone know who she is ? '' 
 i asked , never taking my gaze from her . 
 `` nah , probably one of the spring breakers in for the week . 
 your parties are legendary here-and it 's no secret pretty much everyone is invited . '' 
 rich studied her , then shrugged . 
 `` she 's pretty . 
 nothing i 'd be chasing though , especially with your options . '' 
 adam jumped into the conversation , never one to be ignored . 
 `` where 's her group ? 
 never saw girls come alone before . '' 
 `` i think she did , '' i said . 
 `` looks snobby to me . 
 like she 's too good for the others . 
 besides , she looks cold as ice . 
 what the hell is she doing wearing a one-piece ? '' 
 `` i think it 's sexy as hell , '' i muttered . 
 that was when i made my big mistake . 
 looking back , i wish i had kept my mouth shut and maybe things would 've ended up differently . 
 my friends shared a knowing look . 
 `` you got it bad , bro , '' adam commented . 
 `` but i 'd bet not even you could tumble her . '' 
 rich grinned . 
 `` agreed . 
 she 's buttoned up so tight you 'd need a crowbar to pry off that suit . 
 probably one of those control freak , studious types that does n't know how to let loose . '' 
 he gave a mock shudder . 
 `` no , thank you . '' 
 suddenly , her gaze locked on mine . 
 i sucked in my breath as recognition dawned on her face that i had been studying her . 
 she stiffened but met me head-on , raising her chin slightly . 
 i dove deep into a sensual heaven of swirling emotions i craved to figure out . 
 she was so damn expressive , her thoughts flickering over that gorgeous face as she decided what to do next . 
 i waited . 
 would she smile ? 
 duck her head ? 
 avert her gaze and pretend the connection never happened ? 
 i raised my brow and upped the stakes . 
 one second . 
 two . 
 she gave me a dismissing shake of the head and turned her back on me . 
 `` bro , she just dissed you ! '' 
 the guys hooted , but i did n't care . 
 `` it 's a challenge . '' 
 the gorgeous , sleek line of her spine begged me to run my tongue down it until i stopped at the sweet spot . 
 `` maybe i 'm tired of the same type of women all the time . '' 
 rich hooted with laughter . 
 `` gorgeous , smart , sexy women who want to do anything for you ? 
 yeah , cry me a f ** king river . 
 i still think you wo n't get anywhere with her . '' 
 adam poked my shoulder . 
 `` when was the last time you got rejected ? 
 it 's good for everyone once in a while . '' 
 `` she wo n't reject me . '' 
 the knowledge she was meant to be mine roared in my blood , but it was such a ridiculous feeling i decided to ignore it . 
 she was probably playing games , and once i delved deeper , she 'd be like all the rest . 
 i was so sick of disappointment and emptiness beneath the surface . 
 not that i was any better . 
 in fact , i was probably the worst culprit of all-an empty shell sucked dry of anything real for a long , long time . 
 `` care to make a bet ? '' 
 adam challenged . 
 `` what type of bet ? '' 
 i asked . 
 rich drained his beer and looked triumphant . 
 `` great idea . 
 we bet you ca n't bed her within the week . 
 we 'll give you five days . '' 
 `` are we starring in some crap spring break movie ? '' 
 the crudity of such a bet was disgusting and i waved my hand in the air , dismissing the idea . 
 `` i 'm not into shit like that . '' 
 rich cleared his throat . 
 `` because you know you ca n't succeed ? '' 
 `` because it 's a scummy thing to do . 
 and none of your business . '' 
 `` what if i put up something you 've been wanting for a while ? '' 
 i turned my head . 
 rich seemed pretty confident i 'd jump at the offer . 
 i 'd known him and adam since high school . 
 our parents belonged to the same clubs in florida and were all close friends . 
 we 'd grown up as trust fund babies , given pretty much free reign and anything we wanted . 
 we sailed yachts together , travelled through europe , and had been kicked out of too many schools . 
 seemed like a f ** king great life until we got older and realized most of america did n't live that way . 
 that there were things like real jobs and consequences and morality . 
 my parents had none of that . 
 they gave to charity because it made them look good , but turned their noses down at anyone who needed to scramble or get a bit dirty . 
 when i hit about nineteen , i figured out they did n't like me much , and as long as i did n't embarrass their public image , they could n't care less where i went or what i did . 
 i did all the normal shit kids do to get attention-screwing up and trying to make their lives miserable because i could n't please them . 
 in return , they threatened to pull my money once in a while , and continued to freeze me out . 
 once i reached drinking age , their attorney contacted me while they were travelling london . 
 he had me sign on the dotted line , and all of my trust fund money was released , with a legal disclaimer that once it ran out , they were n't responsible for me . 
 i got the big picture . 
 i was on my own . 
 of course , i 'd always been on my own . 
 i just had n't realized it . 
 i jerked my attention back to my friend 's proposal . 
 `` trust me , rich , i doubt you have anything i want that much . '' 
 he gave me a smug look . 
 `` how about whit bennigan ? '' 
 i cocked my head . 
 i 'd been heavy into art my whole life , but done nothing with it . 
 i calmed my mind by going to museums , studying art history , and immersing myself in the visual world of professional artists . 
 i had a room stocked with my paintings , but no one had seen them . 
 no one really cared to . 
 whit bennigan was one of the most famous painters in the south , and was making a name for himself to rival powerhouses . 
 using an edgy style with bold colors , he was a mix of old and new and was a master when it came to manipulating light . 
 i 'd read everything i could on the reclusive man . 
 `` what about him ? '' 
 i asked suspiciously . 
 `` he 's a close friend of my parents . 
 he owes them a favor , and i could collect . 
 what if i was able to score you a private lesson with him ? '' 
 i jerked back . 
 `` are you f ** king kidding me ? 
 one hour in the room with this guy could change my whole approach . 
 there 's no way you can bring that , rich . 
 you 're full of shit . '' 
 `` i 'll bring it . 
 you get miss snobby pants into bed within five days , and i 'll get you that lesson . '' 
 i turned and studied her . 
 back ramrod straight , dark hair spilling over her shoulders , looking at something i could n't see out in the distance . 
 i wanted her . 
 would 've gone after her with or without a stupid bet , but at this point , what did i have to lose ? 
 i needed to have her , and a lesson with my mentor would be an added bonus . 
 `` what if i fail ? '' 
 the guys laughed . 
 `` we get your bike , '' they said in unison . 
 ah , shit . 
 my motorcycle was harley , custom made , and sweet as sugar . 
 it had an engine that revved like a thing of beauty , was badass black and chrome , and had every extra gadget i could squeeze on there . 
 it had taken more than a year for them to make it to my specs , and it was my pride and joy . 
 `` she still worth it ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 yeah . 
 she was . 
 this was a bet i could n't lose . 
 `` are we on ? '' 
 i turned to rich , who 'd asked the question . 
 glanced at the girl . 
 and nodded . 
 `` yeah . 
 we 're on . '' 
 without hesitation , i pushed myself away from the bar and headed toward her . 
 chapter three his voice was rich and deep , and made my stomach flip when i thought of all the things he could whisper to me . 
 naughty things . 
 i felt my cheeks go pink . 
 damn that inner voice . 
 now i looked like some crazed idiot . 
 `` umm , sorry , i thought you were someone else . '' 
 he made a point to look at the empty space around me . 
 `` who ? '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` someone , '' i said stubbornly . 
 `` did you need something ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 his eyes were even more spectacular close up , an aquamarine so clear and blue i felt like i could dive in and get lost . 
 his hair was curly , and the color of yummy bittersweet chocolate . 
 the strands fell over his forehead in a messy sexiness that looked made up . 
 yeah , he was way too perfect . 
 even his cheekbones and jaw were sharp and definitive , giving him an older , commanding look . 
 way out of my league . 
 i self-consciously tucked a long strand of my hair behind my ear . 
 `` you 're the real welcoming sort , are n't you ? 
 what 's your name ? '' 
 i paused for a beat . 
 just enough to get my point across-i was in charge of this conversation . 
 my body disagreed as a strange heat pumped through my veins and itched under my skin . 
 `` quinn . 
 quinn harmon . '' 
 `` hello , quinn harmon . 
 i 'm james hunt . 
 it 's nice to meet you . '' 
 i gazed at him with suspicion from under my lashes . 
 `` you too . '' 
 `` are you always this open and cheerful on break ? 
 i have n't seen you around-do you go to school in florida ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm with two of my girlfriends for the week . 
 we 're from chicago . '' 
 `` ah , the windy city . 
 i 've been there a few times . 
 state university ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 the conversation was painful , but he seemed delighted by my one-word answers . 
 i wondered what his game was . 
 those full lips quirked slightly upward as if my crankiness made him happy . 
 no wonder i could n't get laid . 
 i was more comfortable having a conversation regarding misplaced false teeth and what foods had to be avoided because they cause gas . 
 maybe working in an elderly home in my spare time was n't such a great idea . 
 of course , soon i 'd move into rehabilitation and be around alcohol and drug addicts . 
 probably not much better . 
 `` am i boring you already ? '' 
 i blinked . 
 did my blush deepen ? 
 `` oh , sorry . '' 
 he waited for more but i stopped . 
 stared at him . 
 our gazes locked and a weird , tight tension pulled between us . 
 i forced down my impulse to take a step closer to soak up his body heat . 
 he did n't smell of beer or smoke , but the clean scent of pool water and soap . 
 `` are you enjoying the party ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i nodded . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` did you bring your friends ? '' 
 `` no , they kind of dumped me this afternoon at the cove suites , and this girl was handing out flyers , so i decided to check it out . 
 do n't know who owns this place , though , do you ? '' 
 a wicked gleam sparked in those blue eyes . 
 `` some rich kid probably . '' 
 `` must be nice , '' i muttered . 
 `` the cove suites is n't cheap . 
 it 's one of the most exclusive hotels on the island . '' 
 `` oh , my friend mackenzie treated us . 
 i 'm just a poor working student , but she insisted we stay there and get our own rooms . 
 she 's pretty generous . '' 
 `` and your other friend ? '' 
 `` cassie ? 
 she 's the serious type . 
 pretty brilliant , a bit more reserved . '' 
 `` that leaves you ? 
 what do you bring to the group , quinn ? '' 
 my throat closed up and i had no spit left . 
 the way he said my name , his voice dropping low in a kind of caress , made me think of dark rooms and bedsheets and him naked . 
 i hurriedly took a sip of warm beer and grimaced . 
 `` i 'm the helper , i guess . 
 workaholic . 
 all sorts of fun stuff . '' 
 he frowned , as if my remark did n't please him as much as my one-word answers had . 
 `` you do n't like your drink , '' james stated . 
 `` let me get you something else . 
 what do you like ? '' 
 `` sex on the beach , '' i blurted . 
 that grin was back . 
 his teeth were very white and perfectly straight . 
 he must have worn braces for years . 
 damn , even his teeth were sexy . 
 `` i like that too , '' he murmured . 
 oh , wow , and now i had that image in my head-him and me entwined in the sand and his hands running all over my body , making me feel things i never had . 
 i freaked out at my reaction , which kick-started my big mouth . 
 `` just the drink . '' 
 `` too bad . '' 
 he turned to go to the bar , but then i remembered i did n't know him at all , and the one rule i made my friends pinky swear on is to never , ever accept drinks from guys . 
 too many crappy stories on the internet showing how a girl can be raped or manipulated . 
 my arm shot out . 
 i wrapped my fingers around his bicep . 
 his tight muscles jumped a bit under my touch , and his sun-warmed skin was slightly damp . 
 those eyes flared with a touch of lust . 
 wow , did he feel it too ? 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` i do n't take drinks from strangers . 
 i can get it myself . '' 
 he studied me for a while , as if trying to decide if i was smart or completely paranoid . 
 `` that 's a good rule . 
 never know what jerks are out to drag you into bed . '' 
 i laughed nervously . 
 `` well , i usually do n't have that problem , especially around mackenzie and cassie . '' 
 `` i disagree . '' 
 his gaze focused on my lips , and i pressed them together to combat the jump in my belly . 
 nerves ? 
 or was that arousal coming up from the deep dark caverns of my body to finally introduce herself ? 
 `` you have n't seen them , '' i pointed out . 
 `` do n't need to . 
 i 've seen you . '' 
 oh . 
 wow . 
 i had nothing for that comeback . 
 he was a master at this . 
 `` does that usually work ? '' 
 he cocked his head . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` lines . 
 you 're quite ... smooth . 
 are you trying to get me into bed ? '' 
 the delight was back , dancing on his face . 
 `` did it work ? 
 will you go to bed with me ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` then there 's your answer . 
 come with me to the bar for a drink , and i 'll see if i can up my game for you . '' 
 he had the nerve to snag my fingers within his and lead me to the tiki bar . 
 i planned to yank back from his touch , but he was so warm and strong , i decided to let it slide this once . 
 now i was beginning to like him , which was much worse . 
 a player with a sense of humor was disastrous . 
 unless ... i dove into the deep end and went for it . 
 i 'd have to see how the rest of the encounter went , but this was the reason i came for spring break . 
 sex . 
 sun . 
 sand . 
 relaxation . 
 maybe this was a sign . 
 james pounded his palm on the wood top . 
 the guy playing bartender gave him a high five and winked at me . 
 `` sex on the beach , rich . '' 
 `` niiice . '' 
 rich grabbed a glass and began working the bottles . 
 `` i finally get to do something creative . 
 this is a beer crowd . '' 
 i watched him pour and mix with deft motions . 
 nothing funny got dropped in there , and when he slid it over , i took a sip and sighed . 
 perfect . 
 my new fave drink . 
 mackenzie got me hooked on them the first night , and i had no desire to break my new habit . 
 at least , not this week . 
 `` thanks . 
 i 'm surprised there 's a real bartender here and not just some kegs and wine set up . '' 
 rich laughed . 
 `` nah , we do things right , do n't we , james ? '' 
 james gave him a weird look . 
 `` guess this rich kid runs a top class show . '' 
 as if they had spoken in code , rich nodded and moved to the end of the bar . 
 i was suspicious , but then james swung his full attention toward me , and i blanked out the rest of my thoughts . 
 i finally understood what happens when sheer lust overcomes your brain . 
 you become an idiot . 
 `` so , quinn harmon , any big plans for your break ? '' 
 `` no . 
 just hanging with my friends and resting by the pool . 
 school and work have been a bit intense lately . 
 how about you ? 
 what school do you go to ? '' 
 he waved a hand in the air like his story was n't important . 
 `` schools are all the same . 
 what are you studying ? '' 
 `` counseling . 
 i 'm specializing in alcohol rehabilitation but also have experience with senior care . 
 that 's where one of my jobs is . '' 
 `` ah , that 's what you mean about being the helper in the group . 
 the field pays crap , you know . '' 
 i gave a little laugh . 
 like i did n't know that . 
 `` yeah , that 's why there are so many job openings . 
 money is n't everything . 
 that 's not my goal in life . '' 
 his stare intensified . 
 i 'd never had the feeling of a man 's focus on me full power . 
 like he wanted to delve inside and explore me completely . 
 it must be one of the ways he maneuvered himself into a girl 's bed . 
 goosebumps broke out on my skin even though the sun was hot . 
 `` what is ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 i blinked . 
 `` making a difference . '' 
 he pulled back , as if my answer surprised him . 
 maybe he thought i was some weird do-gooder nerd and not worthy of his coolness . 
 whatever . 
 i was n't about to change who i was just to score a hot guy . 
 if so , i would 've made that move in high school , but i was past such nonsense . 
 `` what do you do ? '' 
 i challenged . 
 a shadow passed over his face . 
 he stiffened , and i knew my question bothered him . 
 before i could delve further , he flashed a grin so blinding and white i got distracted . 
 `` everything . 
 i do n't believe in being tied down to a job so i can die a slow death in some cubicle . 
 do n't you want a broad range of experiences ? '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` sure . 
 i 'd just need someone to finance it first . '' 
 `` get creative . 
 take a risk . 
 you 're young , live a little . '' 
 `` you sound like my friend mac . 
 she 's always telling me to loosen up and go for it . '' 
 how many times have i longed to do something outside my comfort zone ? 
 i was always left behind on adventures to take care of my dad . 
 to make sure i covered that extra shift and did n't let anyone down . 
 to confirm i was able to save enough money to get through another semester of tuition . 
 i was a twenty-one-year-old stress case . 
 but i had accepted my fate a long time ago , and i despised whiners . 
 i learned to take what i had and make it work for me . 
 cassie called me an old soul trapped in a hot young body . 
 many times i agreed . 
 except for the `` hot '' part . 
 still , talking with james made those feelings stir again . 
 forget about rational decisions or how things would work out . 
 how sweet to grab the moment and let it take you wherever you wanted . 
 was it possible for me ? 
 damn , i wanted to find out . 
 as if he knew exactly what i was thinking , he leaned forward . 
 his breath struck my lips , and i was transfixed by the shimmering heat in those baby blues . 
 `` maybe we should run away together , '' he murmured . 
 his hand reached out and he touched a lock of my hair . 
 he rubbed it between his fingers as if he liked the texture and feel . 
 `` do something crazy . '' 
 my heart beat and a tight ache throbbed between my legs . 
 wowza , it was like my body woke up after being sleeping beauty and was suddenly horny as hell . 
 `` like what ? '' 
 i whispered back . 
 `` ditch the party . 
 find somewhere private . 
 see what happens . '' 
 oh yeah , that was all code for sleeping together . 
 usually , i despised lines and playboy guys , but i 'd never been so tempted before . 
 it was spring break . 
 a vacation from myself . 
 there was no tomorrow or commitment or any of those issues to work out . 
 just fun . 
 i heard mackenzie 's silent whoop in the background , telling me to go for it , and i opened my mouth to say - i was suddenly pushed from behind . 
 i jerked around . 
 the pretty blonde from the pool laughed wildly . 
 her bikini top gaped loosely open to show half a bare breast . 
 `` oops ! 
 need anotha drink , '' she slurred , toppling onto the bar countertop , those impressive boobs distracting most of the guys gathered around . 
 her boyfriend or whatever was laughing , and ordered another shot of tequila for her . 
 i frowned as i looked at her beautiful face , kind of twisted up , her green eyes halfway vacant . 
 she was past drunk and into danger territory . 
 i knew i should mind my own business and get back to mr. steamy and his lovely offer . 
 instead , i grabbed the guy 's arm . 
 `` no , she should n't have any more alcohol . 
 she 's had too much . '' 
 the guy laughed . 
 `` no worries , sweetheart . 
 she 's fine . 
 she 's with me . '' 
 that made me even more nervous . 
 did she really know what was going on ? 
 he put his arm around her like she belonged to him , but she obviously had no idea what was happening , clutching the end of the glass counter like she hoped the spinning would stop . 
 i spoke louder . 
 `` no , she 's not fine . 
 she could be on her way to alcohol poisoning . 
 look , let 's get her up to a room so she can lay down for a bit . '' 
 the guy narrowed his gaze . 
 the jolly laughter faded away . 
 `` hey , james , who 's the do-gooder ? 
 i got this covered . 
 cool ? '' 
 i glanced over . 
 james studied the couple , his mind seeming to shift , and i knew he was going to let the whole thing go and try to get the focus back to us and the sex he was hoping to have with me . 
 the girl knocked over my drink , and i watched the peachy liquid spill over while the girl went into hysterics , her hand loosely laying in the puddle . 
 my temper reared . 
 `` not cool , '' i answered . 
 `` look , i 'm not trying to be a bitch here , but she needs to lay off for a bit . 
 or she 's gon na - '' a retching noise broke through the air . 
 the girl let out the contents of her stomach over the bar while catcalls of `` ugh '' echoed loudly . 
 `` puke , '' i finished . 
 her boyfriend or whatever stumbled back and made a face , suddenly not so hot to get her more tequila . 
 her face turned green , and she slumped toward the ground . 
 i jumped to catch her . 
 `` get me some napkins , '' i ordered . 
 james quickly grabbed a bunch and thrust them in my hands , and i cleaned her face as best i could . 
 `` are there towels in the kitchen ? '' 
 james nodded . 
 `` i 'll get you some clean ones and some water . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 hooking my arm under her pit , i held her up and guided her through the sliding glass doors and into the house . 
 funny , her boyfriend scurried away like the rat he was . 
 asshole . 
 `` do n't feel so good , '' she muttered . 
 she swayed on rubbery legs , but i was well used to the drunken walk , usually with a man with triple the weight to move and take care of . 
 `` you 'll be okay . 
 let 's get you to the bed . '' 
 i eyed the stairs with trepidation , but finally found an unoccupied spare bedroom . 
 i helped her sit on the edge of the mattress and she pressed a knuckle to her mouth . 
 she did n't look so composed and perfect . 
 she looked like a young girl , sick to her stomach , alone , and not sure what to do . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 `` tratchie . '' 
 `` tracey ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` spinning . 
 stop . '' 
 `` i 'll try . '' 
 james came in the room with a bucket , towels , and a few bottles of water . 
 `` thanks , i can take it from here . '' 
 he looked from me to tracey , brows lowered in a frown . 
 `` let me help . 
 do you think we need to call 911 ? '' 
 i shook my head and began dumping water on one of the towels , smoothing it over her face and pushing back her hair . 
 `` i 'd like to know how much she drank so far , but she has n't passed out yet . 
 she 's thrown up already , so let 's get some water in her system and see . '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 i gently retied her bikini top so she was covered , and james uncapped the water and managed to get her to take some sips . 
 she choked , but held it all down . 
 `` so tired , '' she muttered , clutching the edges of the bed as it probably spun out of control . 
 `` we 'll let you sleep in a minute , tracey . 
 can you tell me how much you drank ? 
 do you remember ? '' 
 she closed her eyes , but i kept gently repeating my question over and over . 
 `` tequila , '' she spit out . 
 `` shots . '' 
 ouch . 
 dad was a scotch man , which was pretty nasty , but i 'd seen what tequila had done to him one night , and he 'd avoided it afterward . 
 `` how many shots ? 
 three ? 
 four ? '' 
 she held up a shaking hand with five fingers . 
 i calculated her body weight , added another shot for good measure , and knew she 'd be okay . 
 just a wicked hangover to end all others . 
 the fact i knew such research should 've been depressing , but living with an alcoholic father and interning at the rehab had given me more knowledge than i ever wanted . 
 `` okay , sweetie , let 's get you to lie down . '' 
 we forced her take a few more sips . 
 james helped me lay her down , and we covered her with the patchwork quilt from the bed . 
 she moaned for a long time , but we kept watch , and she finally went to sleep . 
 i left the bucket by the bed along with some water and faced james . 
 `` is she safe in here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i do n't want that ass ** le to think he can take advantage of her . '' 
 his features hardened and he clenched his jaw . 
 there was a bit of sexy stubble that gave him a rough edge i found interesting . 
 `` i wo n't let anyone in . 
 besides , he 's moved on . 
 he 's not interested in passed-out women , trust me . '' 
 i crinkled my nose . 
 `` if he 's a friend of yours , i 'm not impressed . '' 
 i know i come off snobby at times , but who people picked as their friends said a lot about their character . 
 i was disappointed to think james hung out with the same crew . 
 `` not a friend . 
 he just comes to the parties and knows me . '' 
 he seemed to pick his words carefully . 
 `` we travel in the same circles . '' 
 `` asshole central ? '' 
 he laughed and shook his head . 
 `` hope not . 
 listen , i promise you she wo n't be bothered . 
 tracey tends to party a bit too hard and many of her friends are used to her overdoing it . '' 
 he studied me hard . 
 `` you did n't even know her , but you were the only one who stepped in . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` alcohol poisoning is serious stuff . 
 i mean , i like to drink too and all , but i know my limits and try to have backup with my girlfriends if i 'm gon na let myself go . '' 
 `` guess you do n't go to many frat parties at school , huh ? '' 
 `` not really . '' 
 i eased open the door and we walked out , shutting it . 
 now he knew the extent of my lameness . 
 i realized this would n't work . 
 he wanted a party girl-fun , frolic , and a good f ** k for the moment . 
 no matter how hard i wanted to , i could n't change who i was . 
 i 'd probably end up planning everything , just like i did the first time i got laid . 
 by the time i had decided to lose my virginity , i was so stressed out about it going according to plan that i did n't even enjoy it . 
 i pushed down the lingering disappointment at myself and forced a smile . 
 `` well , it was nice chatting with you . 
 see ya around . '' 
 i tried to walk away , but his hand shot out to grab my upper arm . 
 `` did i say something wrong ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 i blinked . 
 `` umm , no , it 's just that i 'm sure you realized we 're total opposites . 
 you 'll do better with one of those girls out there , i think . '' 
 i jerked my head toward the giggling masses surrounding the pool and stream of gorgeous tanned bodies set up for display on lounge chairs . 
 my one-piece suit and flip-flops screamed `` amateur '' and `` stick-in-the-mud . '' 
 i was so not spring break material . 
 mackenzie would be pissed i did n't wear the off-the-shoulder halter dress she picked out for me or the tiny red bikini she 'd stuffed in my carry-on . 
 `` wow , i really failed this pickup . 
 you 're throwing me at other women within half an hour of meeting me . 
 is it my looks ? '' 
 i let out an impatient breath . 
 `` of course not . '' 
 `` my conversation ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he dragged me a few steps in . 
 the delicious scent of him rose to my nostrils , and his body heat could 've burned me alive . 
 my knees grew weak , just like one of those awful cliches i read about . 
 `` then what happened to our plan to run off together and have an adventure ? '' 
 my lips parted . 
 his gaze dropped to my mouth , and those blue eyes darkened with lust . 
 holy crap , he really wanted me . 
 there was no denying the heat between us , and my body pulled so tight it seemed to almost hum with tension . 
 he was going to kiss me , and i was going to let him . 
 my breath strangled in my chest , and he bent closer . 
 his full pouty lip held me motionless , and i reached an inch toward him to close the distance and - `` yo , james , we 're running out of beer in the back . 
 you got extra in the cooler ? 
 none are in the fridge . '' 
 james muttered a curse . 
 i jumped away , the moment broken , and rubbed my hands over my arms . 
 `` are you f ** king kidding me ? 
 why are you asking me-just go look . '' 
 the other guy glanced back and forth between us and grinned . 
 `` i interrupt something ? 
 sorry , dude . 
 there are some bedrooms open upstairs where you wo n't get bothered . '' 
 the creepiness of a house full of strangers having sex was n't my thing . 
 it was so public and casual . 
 i always pictured a fling being a bit more romantic and secluded than screwing a stranger in the back room of some rich guy 's house . 
 and why was he asking james about the beer ? 
 were they co-hosting the party or something ? 
 my stomach suddenly twisted . 
 `` who 's the owner of this place ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` is he even here ? '' 
 the guy widened his eyes and hooted with laughter . 
 `` holy shit , is she messing with me ? '' 
 james clenched his teeth . 
 `` dane . 
 enough . '' 
 he grabbed my hand and tugged me down the hallway . 
 `` ignore him , let 's go somewhere to talk . '' 
 `` that what you calling it these days , my man ? '' 
 dane continued . 
 `` what 's the matter ? 
 she do n't like the idea you 're so rich you can pocket half of key west without a second thought ? 
 you can always hang with me , sweets . 
 i 'm just the poor working class along with my buddy for the ride . '' 
 dane 's tone took on a cruel tinge . 
 `` you know , the one who just refills the beer and does n't bother him ? '' 
 i gasped . 
 james was the owner ? 
 he was the rich kid who hosted the whole party ? 
 anger cut through , long and deep , like a slice of a knife , and i turned on him . 
 of course , he 'd been playing me . 
 having a bit of fun so he could laugh later , and entertain his buddies with his new conquest . 
 `` you really want to play this card ? '' 
 james asked him . 
 i noticed his face completely changed , becoming cold and hard , and dane realized he 'd gone too far . 
 james ' eyes went flat and hard , like a shark , and he stood completely still , a strong power rushing from his figure . 
 i knew two things at that moment . 
 james was a lot more dangerous than i originally thought . 
 he 'd crush competition , get rid of anyone he did n't like , and play by his own rules . 
 the rules of the rich . 
 the second thing i noticed was i could n't keep my eyes off him . 
 i was horribly turned on by that powerful streak . 
 i had to get the hell out of here . 
 dane put his hand out . 
 `` sorry , man , i 'm a little drunk . 
 catch you later . '' 
 he disappeared and we were left alone . 
 i shook as i tried to form all the words i wanted to fling at him . 
 if there was one thing i hated more than anything else , it was lies . 
 i 'd grown up with them like a nest of snakes , ready to take a bite out of every piece of truth in my life . 
 but i was on my own now , and got to choose my friends and my men . 
 screw him . 
 `` i 'm outta here . '' 
 `` wait ! '' 
 he blocked my path and we faced each other like an old western at noon . 
 `` quinn , hold on a second . 
 let me explain . '' 
 `` why bother ? 
 i get it . 
 you thought i was stupid and you 'd have a bit of fun . 
 hope you enjoyed yourself . 
 now move . '' 
 he fisted his hands and muttered a curse . 
 `` shit . 
 i was going to tell you , i swear . 
 i had n't seen you before , and i just wanted you to know me as me-not the rich guy throwing the party . '' 
 the hurt was the worst . 
 i 'd actually begun to like him in the short time he spoke with me . 
 but he did n't even trust me to think i 'd be anything but interested in his stupid money or social standing . 
 `` oh , well that explains things . 
 now i know you as you . 
 and i 'm leaving . '' 
 `` fuck . 
 i made a mistake . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 just ... stay . '' 
 `` do you even know half the people here ? 
 are they even your friends , or are they a bunch of strangers you want to impress ? '' 
 his jaw clenched . 
 `` it 's a tradition , '' he said tightly . 
 `` i open it up to anyone who wants to come , but i 'm not trying to show off . 
 look , i was gon na tell you , but you seemed like you 'd already prejudged the owner as an ass ** le . '' 
 he was right , but i did n't care . 
 i felt betrayed , and i wanted to get as far away as possible . 
 if dane had n't blurted it out , would james have told me ? 
 i had no idea if he could be trusted . 
 how many times had i been disappointed by some male promising me things he never intended on doing ? 
 suddenly , i was depressed . 
 why did this always happen ? 
 was there ever going to be a guy i fell for who had integrity ? 
 i pushed my hair back . 
 `` forget it . 
 i need to get back to the hotel and meet my friends , and you need to get back to yours . 
 keep an eye on tracey . 
 and thanks for the drink . '' 
 `` quinn - '' i ignored him , choosing to turn and walk out the other way instead of trying to get past him . 
 i took the outside path past the pool , the bar , and down the gorgeous bluestone steps circling back down to the driveway . 
 he did n't follow me . 
 i did n't think he would . 
 chapter four captain crow 's was crowded , hot , and exactly what i needed to get my mind off this afternoon and him . 
 by the time i got back to the hotel , grabbed something to eat , and got ready to meet the girls , i 'd burned off some of my steam but not enough . 
 this time , i was done . 
 i would find one super hot guy i could fall in temporary lust with-morals be damned-and sleep with him . 
 have my frikkin ' orgasm . 
 and be happy . 
 `` whoa , that is not a happy face , darlin ' . '' 
 mackenzie peeked from beneath her wide-brimmed sunhat that made her look more movie star than disguised ordinary college student . 
 `` but at least you dressed appropriately . 
 ` bout time . '' 
 her gaze was all appreciation and approval . 
 i 'd fished out the sexy black halter dress and f ** k-me heels hidden in the bottom of my suitcase . 
 i put on a bit of lipstick and mascara , then curled my hair so it had a nice wave to the ends . 
 halfway tripping on the killer stilts i was n't used to , i slid into the vacant bar stool they had saved for me . 
 cassie slid over a drink , and waited till i sipped the familiar concoction of sex on the beach . 
 now if i could only get some on the beach instead of drinking it , i 'd be set . 
 `` what 's up ? 
 we leave you for one afternoon and you combust . 
 i told you , mackenzie . 
 it 's not a good idea to be split up . '' 
 mackenzie rolled her eyes and did a lovely snort that i could never pull off without sounding like a pig . 
 `` if we stay together , no one gets laid . 
 you guys would stay at the pool all day and never talk to anyone but each other . '' 
 my gaze met cassie 's and i sighed . 
 yep , that 's exactly what we 'd do and probably be happy . 
 maybe mackenzie was right . 
 hell , she must be , since she already zeroed in on the guy with the tats and the lovely voice . 
 if he was a musician to boot , she 'd be toast . 
 goodbye technical virginity , as she liked to say . 
 i always thought it was a hoot she was still a virgin , and she was the most outgoing , flirtiest in our crew . 
 cassie sighed . 
 `` yeah , i guess , '' she said glumly . 
 `` oh , for god 's sakes , i 'm not sentencing you to jail for the week ! 
 i swear , if both of you do n't find someone by tomorrow , i 'll find him myself . '' 
 `` i thought i did , '' i muttered , burying my face in the drink . 
 `` what ? 
 who ? 
 when ? 
 who ? '' 
 mackenzie demanded . 
 anger still burned in my veins . 
 i related the story briefly to my friends and my body relaxed a bit . 
 alcohol and girlfriends were the best antidotes to stupid men . 
 cassie tapped her lip thoughtfully . 
 `` that 's an odd thing to want to hide . 
 you 'd think he 'd be bragging about his money and house to snag you . 
 right ? '' 
 i shifted uncomfortably on the seat . 
 `` well , yeah , but he had plenty of opportunities to tell me the truth . 
 i felt like an idiot . '' 
 `` did he defend himself ? '' 
 mackenzie asked . 
 `` he said he wanted an opportunity to show me his real self , instead of me jumping to conclusions because he was rich . '' 
 as soon as the words popped out , i knew i was doomed . 
 they knew honesty was my sticking point , and that i was a bit overzealous when it came to the quality . 
 cassie spoke gently . 
 `` sweetie , maybe he was telling the truth . 
 maybe he just liked you and did n't want you to have expectations . '' 
 `` was he hot ? '' 
 mackenzie asked . 
 i shivered from the thought of his broad , muscular chest , and piercing blue eyes . 
 `` yeah , '' i admitted . 
 `` really hot . '' 
 `` explain . '' 
 `` curly dark hair , beautiful blue eyes . 
 tall . 
 lean . 
 perfect mouth . '' 
 mackenzie grinned . 
 `` like that guy over there ? '' 
 my head swung around and i came face to face with james . 
 holy shit . 
 he sat at the corner table with a few friends . 
 a pitcher of beer served as the centerpiece , and they were all laughing at something , but he remained still , his gaze locked on mine just like he had at the party hours ago . 
 what was going on ? 
 was he following me ? 
 why was he here ? 
 `` i think that 's definitely him , '' cassie commented . 
 `` you 're right , quinn . 
 he 's smoking . 
 and very into you from the looks of it . '' 
 my heart pounded and my palms felt slippery around the glass . 
 a weird ache thrummed in my lower belly , as if i was hungry or thirsty or something , but i had an idea of what it was . 
 he turned me on . 
 big time . 
 this was not good . 
 right ? 
 `` what 's he doing here ? '' 
 i hissed , spinning back around . 
 mackenzie looked delighted at my sudden interest in the male species . 
 `` probably trying to find you . 
 his friends look cute too . 
 maybe you can introduce cassie to one of them . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 cassie and i blurted out . 
 mac pouted and disappeared under her hat again . 
 `` just trying to help . '' 
 `` i can get my own man , '' cassie said . 
 `` tock 's clicking , girlfriend . 
 tick . 
 tock . '' 
 cassie shot her an annoyed look , but a grin threatened her lips . 
 `` okay , virgin girl . '' 
 that got mackenzie to peek from under the brim . 
 `` lowball shot . 
 you 're one too . '' 
 `` you 're right . 
 sorry . '' 
 `` can we refocus on my problem , please ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` what should i do ? '' 
 `` well , you 're not allowed to stay here with us and hide , '' mackenzie announced . 
 `` remember the rules . 
 we do n't meet anyone unless we split up . 
 now take your gorgeous ass outside to the tiki bar near the beach and find someone else if you do n't want mr. blue eyes for the week . '' 
 damn . 
 i hated to admit it , but i tended to suck at going up to men , and how could i find one at this bar if james was here ? 
 i certainly was n't about to march up to his table after my departure this afternoon . 
 besides , maybe he was just hanging with his friends and it was a coincidence . 
 maybe he realized i was kind of lame and he 'd rather be with one of those easier-type girls . 
 i drained the rest of my drink and stuck out my chin . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll try . '' 
 `` that 's my girl , '' mackenzie said . 
 cassie squeezed my hand . 
 `` good luck . 
 be safe . '' 
 `` you too . 
 call me if there are any problems . 
 meet tuesday morning for breakfast ? '' 
 they agreed . 
 i tentatively got myself back on the ground , tugged my dress down , and headed for the door . 
 i refused to look toward the back , but felt a burning gaze stripping off the little dress , finding skin , and stroking with pleasure . 
 i fought the goosebumps , raised my head high , and pretended i owned this outfit and heels . 
 of course , being me , i stumbled over the first step , grabbed the door frame , and had to pull myself back up . 
 such is my life . 
 the sun was hot and my heels clicked on the deck as i got to the second bar . 
 groups clustered around , and jimmy buffett was crooning the pleasures of margaritaville and sweet alcohol . 
 girls swayed and danced in their bikinis , and others were dressed up like me , but seemed a hell of a lot more comfortable and confident . 
 i chewed on my lip , squeezed into an unknown group , and ordered another sex on the beach . 
 the bartender gave me a look of appreciation and winked . 
 hmm , not bad . 
 but he was surrounded by a crazed crowd , and i could barely hear him ask what i wanted to drink over the noise . 
 not conducive to seduction . 
 i gave him a nice tip , battled my way out , and tried looking approachable by the railing . 
 i cocked my hip , screened my face to look approachable , and waited . 
 no one came . 
 everyone seemed to be hanging with friends , overdrinking , and interested in their own conversations . 
 humiliation threatened , so i quickly gulped the rest of my drink and reconsidered the bartender . 
 `` hey , pretty girl , how are you ? '' 
 relief flowed through my body as i turned to face my approacher . 
 kind of cute , average looking , blond hair , brown eyes . 
 `` good , thanks . '' 
 i searched for something witty to say . 
 `` umm , having a good time ? '' 
 `` better now that i found you . 
 i 'm trent . '' 
 ouch . 
 kind of lame , but so was i. i smiled brilliantly . 
 `` thanks . 
 i 'm quinn . '' 
 `` you want another drink ? '' 
 i lit up . 
 `` yes , please . 
 sex on the beach . '' 
 `` the bartender 's free over there , '' he pointed out . 
 `` i 'll wait for you . '' 
 disappointment flooded . 
 he did n't even want to buy me a drink ? 
 oh , well , maybe he did n't want to be taken advantage of . 
 and i would n't have let him get it for me anyway , since that would 've broken the rules of always keeping your drink in view . 
 i inserted myself in the vacancy by the bar , got my third one of the night , and went back . 
 he 'd kept his promise and was waiting for me . 
 `` so what brings you to key west ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` spring break . '' 
 his eyes lit up . 
 i guess he was n't one for warming me up , because he stepped right into my space and began stroking my arm . 
 `` this is one hot outfit . 
 i 'm here on business for a few days . 
 got a luxury suite . 
 you up for some privacy ? '' 
 his caress was kind of annoying . 
 probably thought he was being sexy , but he kept running his fingers up and down my arm like i was going to buckle with desire . 
 and i did n't like the way he bragged about his suite , like i was some poor kid who 'd be dazzled . 
 geez , was this it ? 
 no sparkling conversation or lead-up ? 
 my stomach remained quiet , and i admitted i felt nothing . 
 i certainly was n't going to sleep with someone who did n't excite me-what was the point ? 
 i sighed and stepped away . 
 `` not really , '' i said glumly . 
 his eyes widened with surprise , then turned ugly . 
 `` whatever . 
 figured you 'd be a tease . '' 
 he walked off without a glance back , and that 's when i knew i was done . 
 the hell with it . 
 i 'd face mackenzie 's wrath at breakfast tuesday . 
 my tan would make up for it . 
 i was outta here . 
 i walked down duval street and decided to head to south beach . 
 it was just past sunset , so the party was still going strong in the bars and on the sidewalks . 
 i 'd walk on the beach , then hit the room for some tv . 
 no one would know-i 'd tell my friends i tried but only met a bunch of dickheads . 
 which was true . 
 the thought of james tortured me as i strolled . 
 what was it about him that made everything in my body shiver ? 
 now that i had some distance , i was n't as pissed about his lie , but i 'd never approach him again . 
 probably saving myself from a big mess . 
 i had n't even kissed him yet . 
 what if i got weirdly attached , or i discovered he lied about more stuff ? 
 tomorrow was another day . 
 maybe i 'd try again with some new guy . 
 my heel dug into a small crater on the road and i almost went down . 
 enough . 
 i had no one left to impress . 
 i leaned over and unhooked one strap , wiggled it off my foot , and hopped up and down while i tried to get the second shoe off . 
 the leather string got caught , i jumped again , and felt my ankle begin to twist . 
 typical me . 
 my ass headed south and i prepared myself for a rough landing , when strong arms grabbed me from the back and straightened me out . 
 i opened my mouth to thank my protector , but he was n't done . 
 kneeling down , he reached for my ankle , and gently untangled my shoe . 
 then looked up . 
 `` you ! '' 
 i gasped . 
 his smile was brilliant . 
 the sun flashed on those white teeth , and his ocean eyes gleamed with wickedness . 
 `` yes , me . 
 you did n't think i 'd let you walk away that easy , did you ? '' 
 slowly , he rose , trailing his fingers up my bare leg and spreading fire over my skin . 
 definitely not annoying . 
 in fact , my thigh quivered as he paused at my knee , then reluctantly pulled away as he got to his feet . 
 i was a goner . 
 chapter five the moment i saw her walk into the bar , i realized i 'd do anything to f ** k her . 
 anything . 
 the guys were babbling about some shit-probably a girl-and the pitchers of beer were flowing free . 
 i recognized her as soon as the door banged open and she made her way to the bar , sitting next to her girlfriends . 
 she wobbled on those dangerous high heels , and i resisted the impulse to jump up and make sure she did n't fall . 
 the protective instincts were strange , since females rarely aroused anything other than my desire to party and get laid . 
 she slid on the bar stool and the skirt flipped up , revealing the long flash of pale white skin that stretched all the way to heaven . 
 my dick rocketed to life . 
 i 'd never been turned on so fast by anyone . 
 the black fabric slashed across her br ** sts and left one shoulder bare . 
 she had patches of light red on her skin , probably a burn . 
 she was so fair she 'd bake out here without enough sunscreen . 
 she 'd done something to her hair , and the long silky length curled at the edges , giving her a bit of a messy look that was sexy as hell . 
 her friends seemed animated with conversation as they bent their heads together . 
 one wore a wide-brimmed sunhat as if to hide from the crowd , but i could tell from the flash of her face she looked really familiar . 
 the other one was also attractive , and seemed protective of quinn , reaching out to squeeze her hand . 
 the beer pitchers emptied , and rounds of tequila began . 
 one of my crew nudged my shoulder . 
 `` you buying , james ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 did n't i always ? 
 i sat and studied her , enjoying being able to stare as long as i wanted . 
 suddenly , her friend jerked her head toward me , and quinn spun around . 
 like a sucker punch in the gut , my head reeled . 
 those sinfully dark eyes pinned me down and held me in her grip without mercy . 
 my c ** k jumped , my jeans shrunk , and in those few seconds , i knew she was just as attracted to me . 
 her mouth made a cute little o , then she turned around so quickly i was surprised she did n't get whiplash . 
 her friends spent awhile talking with her , but she never looked back at me . 
 i waited . 
 bought another round . 
 and watched as the woman of my wet dreams slid off the stool , adjusted her balance , and walked out with her head held high . 
 when she stumbled on the first stair , i laughed . 
 not at her clumsiness . 
 at her magnificence . 
 how could her discomfort in formal wear make me so happy ? 
 because she seems real , the voice whispered . 
 and i have n't seen real for so long , i was n't sure it existed anymore . 
 i waited it out a minute or two . 
 flagged down the server and told her to put the next two rounds on my card . 
 `` i 'm heading out , guys . '' 
 rich raised his glass . 
 `` gon na try and tap the lottery ticket ? '' 
 irritation hit . 
 what an ass ** le . 
 i leaned in . 
 `` listen up . 
 i think it 's best if you leave me and quinn alone for the rest of the week . 
 no interference . 
 and keep your mouth shut about it . 
 this is between me , you , and adam . 
 got it ? '' 
 rich sobered up and nodded . 
 `` yeah , sorry , man . 
 we settle up on friday . 
 no more screwing with you . '' 
 `` good . 
 see ya later . '' 
 i headed out of captain crow 's and found her talking to some shithead by the tiki bar . 
 i hung back , intending to break up their little party if it got serious , but a few seconds later the guy walked away , and she looked disgusted . 
 she grabbed the railing as she almost tripped down the steps , hit duval street , and began walking . 
 i followed . 
 the swing of her hips and the curve of her ass were better than monet 's water lilies and sweeter than the mona lisa . 
 i enjoyed the view , wondering if she was going back to her hotel , and that 's when she stopped in the middle of the busy street and tried to rip off her shoes . 
 i was distracted by the sudden flash of her thighs as she leaned over . 
 her skirt flipped up , but too soon she jumped , toppled to the right , and poised for a bad fall . 
 i swooped right in and caught her . 
 sweet heaven . 
 her body felt perfect in my arms , full of softness and heat . 
 i righted her , then knelt to finish removing her shoes . 
 the shock and arousal in those inky eyes confirmed i was right . 
 all i needed to do was play on her body 's reaction , steamroll past her defenses , and get her into my bed . 
 then keep her there . 
 `` you ! '' 
 she gasped . 
 i grinned . 
 she was adorable . 
 my hands tingled as i ran them up her leg and stroked the trembling flesh of her knee . 
 i wanted to keep going higher until i dove into her sweet , hot pu ** y , but i kept my control . 
 i 'd already screwed up once . 
 a second time would be deadly . 
 `` just your normal prince on horseback , '' i said easily . 
 if i kept it light and friendly , she may not give me a tongue blistering . 
 at least , not the kind i wanted . 
 her brows drew in a fierce frown , but she did n't move away . 
 her face flickered with an array of emotions before she seemed to settle . 
 `` are you stalking me ? '' 
 she finally asked . 
 `` now , that would make me creepy . 
 i was just barhopping with the guys and noticed you . 
 were they your friends ? 
 mackenzie and cassie ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` did you leave because of me ? '' 
 she seemed surprised by my question . 
 `` no . '' 
 letting out an annoyed breath , she backtracked . 
 `` okay , yes . 
 i went to find someone else . '' 
 hot jealousy chopped through me , but i kept cool . 
 `` did you ? '' 
 `` no . 
 there are too many ass ** les in key west . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` asshole central , huh ? '' 
 her lips tugged in a grin . 
 i ached to press my mouth over hers and feel the lush curves . 
 `` yeah , something like that . 
 why are you following me ? '' 
 `` because i 've been thinking about you all day . 
 because i f ** ked up and wanted to apologize again . 
 because the thought of you finding some other guy to smile at and touch makes me want to go apeshit . '' 
 her dark eyes widened . 
 `` that 's a lot of reasons . '' 
 i chose my words carefully , knowing it was a turning point . 
 `` i 'm not a liar . 
 i want to spend some time with you so you can make your own decision and get to know me better . 
 i 'd like to walk with you , enjoy your company . 
 may i ? '' 
 i was n't used to asking women to spend some time with me . 
 it was always the opposite , and suddenly i felt a flash of vulnerability . 
 what if she said no and refused to talk to me again ? 
 i waited her out and realized how important it was that she agreed . 
 how bad i wanted to spend more time with her-in bed and out . 
 `` okay . '' 
 i almost sagged with relief but managed to keep my man card . 
 `` great . 
 where are we headed ? '' 
 `` south beach . '' 
 `` sounds like a plan . '' 
 i fell in pace with her as we made our way down duval . 
 i 'd been coming to key west for years now , and i always loved the free spirit of the people . 
 from the sunset parties , to the sailing and revelry , it was a place to get lost and yet somehow manage to be yourself at the same time . 
 `` i wanted to let you know tracey is okay . 
 i made sure she slept it off and took her home . 
 no one bothered her . '' 
 `` good , i 'm glad . 
 i was worried . '' 
 she swung her hands back and forth like she was a bit nervous . 
 i saw her teeth reach for her lips and confirmed she was a biter . 
 unfortunately , that just made me want to experiment with the other places on her body i could bite , so i firmly veered away from the image . 
 down , boy . 
 `` how old are you anyway ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` twenty-three . 
 please tell me you 're of drinking age and i did n't serve you illegally . '' 
 she chuckled . 
 i 'd bet she 'd never giggle . 
 another thing i liked . 
 `` i 'm twenty-one . 
 but i did n't see you carding at your door , so you could 've been arrested . '' 
 i winced . 
 she was right . 
 i had gotten used to my parents greasing many officials ' hands enough so i could do what i wanted without getting into trouble . 
 the party was a yearly tradition , and i never got bothered . 
 a sliver of shame cut through me . 
 `` yeah , guilty as charged . '' 
 she swiveled her head and stared at me . 
 like she was trying to figure something out that did n't fit . 
 `` did you graduate ? '' 
 i really hated these personal questions but figured i owed her . 
 if i answered enough to keep her curiosity satisfied , i 'd be able to move on to the good stuff . 
 like sex . 
 lots of sex . 
 `` not really . '' 
 i waited for her horror or for her to judge me as lacking . 
 but she only waited me out , swinging her arms , like she was really interested in the story . 
 `` my parents threw me into yale for law . 
 i hated it . 
 made a fuss , got kicked out , and i went to princeton . 
 they thought maybe doctor . 
 i thought not . 
 eventually , they gave up trying , and let me be . 
 i decided to travel and find out what i wanted to do . '' 
 `` i always wanted to travel , '' she said . 
 `` i think i 'd pick italy first . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` the food . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` yeah , the pasta and vino are killer . 
 but the art is the best . '' 
 she sighed with longing . 
 `` did you see the pieta ? 
 or david ? 
 i heard it 's so massive it steals the air in the room . '' 
 i stared at her , my heart pounding . 
 she spoke like she understood the beauty of art in a way most people never got . 
 shit , most of my friends just looked for the naked statues to compare their junk . 
 i never got to have a decent intelligent conversation about something i loved . 
 `` that 's a perfect description , '' i said . 
 `` michelangelo takes cold marble and installs flesh and blood and emotion . 
 the first time i saw david at the academia , framed by the arched doorways , i cried . 
 no one reaches for that type of mastery anymore . 
 we 're all too ... lazy . 
 happy with being content or saying something 's nice . 
 there should be more . '' 
 she touched my arm and smiled . 
 `` how wonderful . 
 you 're an artist . '' 
 i jerked around . 
 `` no . 
 i paint and study , but i 'm not an artist . '' 
 she ignored me . 
 `` yes , you are . 
 it 's like being anything-an actor or a writer . 
 if you do it , you are . 
 getting published or scoring a movie deal is one of the goals , but it does n't invalidate what you do . '' 
 an odd hunger clawed up from my gut . 
 god , had anyone in my life ever simply accepted me for an artist ? 
 people clucked over my hobby , rolled their eyes , and generally made fun of the entire thing . 
 watch the little rich boy play at his paints and pretend he 's important . 
 it hurt so bad , i began hiding it undercover , disguising it as a hobby , but craving so much more . 
 ivy league schools blurred before me , when all i 'd ever wanted was to go to art school . 
 but that would be accepting what i really wanted . 
 that would mean i could fail . 
 and then i 'd have nothing left . 
 i fought a shudder and redirected the conversation . 
 i 'd given her enough . 
 `` how about you ? 
 did you always know you wanted to go into social work ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 but i 'm good at it . 
 look , here 's the beach . '' 
 her comment was odd , and i knew there was more , but i let it go for now . 
 no need for deep secrets to be revealed for either of us . 
 i was familiar with the small beach at the southernmost tip of key west . 
 wedged between a pier and hotel complex , it was a great spot to hit between bars and cool off . 
 some women were already topless , running off the families from the afternoon shift to be replaced by the nighttime crowd . 
 the water was usually warm , and you could wade all the way out forever without ever going over your head . 
 quinn grinned and stepped onto the sand , moving toward the shoreline . 
 her dress tugged in the breeze , exposing more of the delicious skin i could n't wait to taste , and she dug her toes in and lifted her head up to the sky . 
 darkness bled into the shoreline and the moon peeked out . 
 i watched her , happy and free in the moment , soaking up the simple pleasure . 
 `` i guess you miss this in chicago , huh ? '' 
 i asked , brushing back the loose strands of hair from her face . 
 `` this is pure heaven . 
 i mean , do n't get me wrong , i love living in a big city , i 'm definitely a city type of girl . 
 but the beach and sun make me feel a bit decadent . '' 
 decadent . 
 the word dropped from her lips like pure sex . 
 the wind plastered the flimsy fabric against her chest , and her ni ** les poked out from the halter top . 
 holy shit , she was n't wearing a bra . 
 i had n't thought she was , but the evidence ruined me . 
 i stared , trying not to , and imagined sucking on those points until they were red and wet and swollen for me . 
 music drifted from the restaurant/bar . 
 i knew i should offer to get her a drink , go inside , chat , and be normal . 
 but i was n't feeling very chatty . 
 `` james ? '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i 'd never felt so alone in a public place . 
 like it was just quinn and me and the moon overhead . 
 i wrapped my fingers within hers and tugged . 
 she took the few steps forward . 
 her eyes assessed , as if she wondered if it was a good idea , but the flare of lust confirmed my decision . 
 she wanted this ; wanted me . 
 and i was gon na give it to her . 
 `` do you know how f ** king gorgeous you are ? '' 
 she bit at her lip and looked worried . 
 `` no , i 'm not . '' 
 i laughed . 
 again , a first . 
 i 'd never had a woman completely reject a compliment . 
 `` oh , yes , you are . 
 look at you . 
 your hot little body wrapped up in a little black dress . 
 i want to strip it off , taste you everywhere , make you come . 
 make you scream . '' 
 her pupils dilated and she panted , holding still as i stroked her hair , her cheek , her naked shoulder . 
 `` but right now i 'm just going to kiss you , quinn . '' 
 i fisted my hands in her hair and held her still . 
 lowered my head . 
 `` okay , '' she whispered . 
 i smiled before i claimed her lips with mine . 
 chapter six the heat seeped into my skin , my bones , my muscles , and began to burn me alive . 
 warm water swirled around my ankles , the sand was firm and damp under my feet , and he trapped my head so i could n't move . 
 not that i wanted to . 
 the strength and bit of domination gave me a dark thrill . 
 no man had ever wanted to kiss me this bad . 
 and i had never wanted to be kissed like it was as important as my next breath . 
 his lips covered mine completely , as if savoring me , like an appetizer before the holiday dinner . 
 i rested my hands on his shoulders for balance and enjoyed the sensation . 
 slow , sweet , exploratory . 
 his tongue traced the seam of my lips for entrance , and i allowed him full access . 
 his tongue plunged into my mouth and the world exploded . 
 i gasped at his delicious taste , a slight sting of alcohol and a raw hunger that devoured me alive . 
 he moved his hands from my hair to cup my face , his tongue dipping in and out of my mouth as if gathering honey , taking me over completely until the ground shifted and i could only cling to him , wanting more . 
 he nipped my bottom lip , then sucked . 
 the sharp pain gave way to heat that flicked my skin , tightened my ni ** les , and made me crave something really , really bad . 
 `` so good , '' he groaned . 
 `` like candy . '' 
 his deft fingers stroked under my chin , down my neck , and across the swell of my br ** sts . 
 i twisted in his grasp and tried to get closer , but he only laughed and kissed me deeper , while his fingers touched my ni ** les . 
 i forgot we were on a public beach and almost begged for him to pull down my dress . 
 i felt achy all over , so i pressed against him and those hard muscles surrounded me with a power i wanted everywhere-over me , under me , in me . 
 `` oh god , i want - '' `` yes , baby , me too . 
 i want to touch you , kiss you , f ** k you . '' 
 his dirty words made me gasp , and he swallowed the sound , moving his fingers from my br ** sts to my rear . 
 he cupped my ass and pulled me hard against him . 
 his erection seemed massive behind the ridge of his jeans . 
 i imagined him slipping between my thighs and i moaned again , sinking into an animal state where i did n't care about anything except slaking the ache . 
 `` james . 
 please . '' 
 he breathed heavily , and when he finally lifted his head , those aquamarine eyes sucked me in , foggy with lust and naked want . 
 i went to reach for him again , but the sound of laughter close by made me stiffen as reality leaked in . 
 holy shit , i was on a public beach with people everywhere ! 
 this was not like me at all ; i was an extremely private person . 
 the thought of strangers watching me practically climb on him with my dress exposing my girly parts freaked me out . 
 shaking , i tried to pull back , but he realized i was upset and tightened his hold . 
 tucking my head under his chin , he pressed a kiss into my hair , gently caressing my back . 
 `` i ca n't believe i did that , '' i muttered against his chest . 
 his t-shirt was soft and smelled like snuggle dryer sheets . 
 `` shh , my fault . 
 i got crazy . 
 i want you so bad , quinn . 
 i 'd love for you to come back to my house so we can finish what we started , but i think it 's too soon . 
 i screwed up once , i 'm not going to do it again . '' 
 his words both comforted and disappointed . 
 i halfway wanted him to haul me in his arms , drag me to the hotel , and give me no choice . 
 my brain began to uncloud , and i realized he was right . 
 i loved the idea of having a quick night , but honestly , when it came to ripping off my clothes and actually having sex , i kind of liked to know a guy better . 
 his control confirmed another layer of my trust . 
 did he do it on purpose ? 
 and if so , did it really matter ? 
 we both wanted each other . 
 we had the week stretched ahead of us , and my goal was to let go a bit and live . 
 what was i fighting so hard to protect ? 
 i relaxed in his arms and enjoyed being wrapped up tight . 
 safe . 
 weird , i was always the one in charge and taking care of people . 
 had anyone ever made me feel protected ? 
 `` thank you , '' i finally said . 
 `` things got a bit out of control . '' 
 his chest rumbled with laughter . 
 he pressed a kiss to the top of my head . 
 `` i like the idea of getting you so hot you forget we 're in public , '' he teased . 
 he pulled back and tipped up my chin , forcing me to meet his gaze . 
 `` but do n't get me wrong , quinn . 
 i 'm not going to be able to wait much longer . 
 you make me a little crazy . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` crazy is good , right ? '' 
 he kissed me again , slow and sweet , with the moonlight streaming over us . 
 `` yeah , '' he said softly . 
 `` come sailing with me tomorrow . '' 
 i tried to think if i 'd made any plans . 
 i had none . 
 mackenzie had been insistent we separate until our breakfast meeting on tuesday . 
 it was all in her master plan to make sure we came back with two less virgins and one who finally orgasmed . 
 so embarrassing . 
 `` that sounds like fun . '' 
 `` good . 
 come to the marina at eleven . '' 
 `` you have a boat ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` sure . 
 my parents taught me all the necessary skills for success in life . 
 tennis . 
 sailing . 
 keeping a stiff upper lip . 
 and preserving appearances at all costs . '' 
 darkness flashed and stole some of the humor in his eyes , but then he was kissing me again and i did n't care . 
 he groaned and finally stepped away . 
 `` you 're addicting . 
 i ca n't keep my hands off you . '' 
 pleasure tingled in my veins . 
 i was n't the type to inspire men to want to rip off my clothes , they usually would rather discuss a situation or be friends . 
 i was glad the dark hid my pink cheeks so i did n't look like a virginal idiot . 
 `` fishing ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` do you want to ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no , i feel too bad for the fish . '' 
 `` then we 'll let the water take us wherever we want . '' 
 the image of being with him alone on a boat in key west made excitement unfurl in my belly . 
 oh yeah . 
 i 'd be sleeping with him tomorrow if everything went okay . 
 but did i trust him to be out on the water without anyone else ? 
 yes . 
 hell yes . 
 `` i 'd like that , '' i said . 
 `` good . 
 let 's exchange numbers . '' 
 we input our respective contact information , then he grabbed my hand and tugged me away from the water . 
 `` i 'll walk you to the hotel . '' 
 the stroll back was leisurely and quiet . 
 it was nice to relax and not worry about conversation , and he seemed to enjoy it just as much . 
 he swung my hand was we walked , commenting here and there on some areas of attractions i may want to see during the week , and when we reached the hotel lobby , gave me a gentle kiss on the lips . 
 but his eyes blazed a promise i wanted him to keep . 
 `` night , quinn . '' 
 `` night , james . '' 
 he waited until i went inside . 
 my legs trembled as i got to my room . 
 i barely got through the door before my phone rang . 
 i jumped-no one usually called me when texting was so much easier . 
 i glanced down , saw cassie 's name , and almost panicked . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i asked as soon as i heard her voice . 
 `` fine . 
 are you ? '' 
 weird question . 
 `` sure . 
 why ? '' 
 a pause . 
 `` just checking . 
 i met this guy - '' she trailed off . 
 `` he convinced me to call to make sure you got home in one piece . '' 
 my body slumped in relief . 
 why did i always have to be the paranoid one in the group ? 
 i could n't help the little chuckle that escaped . 
 `` oh . '' 
 i figured he was right there and she could n't talk , but i could n't help teasing her a bit . 
 `` this guy sounds pretty special if he 's checking up on your friends . '' 
 `` shut up . '' 
 i heard the grin in her voice . 
 `` are you at the hotel ? '' 
 `` yeah , just walked in . 
 where 's mackenzie ? '' 
 `` found her hot musician with tattoos . 
 dumped me pretty quick . 
 did you find someone to replace ivy league dude ? '' 
 i collapsed on the thick mattress and groaned . 
 `` yeah . 
 ivy league dude . '' 
 `` he followed you ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 but he was okay . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` your tone says better than okay . 
 guess you forgave him , huh ? '' 
 `` guess so . 
 go back to very considerate hot guy . 
 mackenzie will never leave you alone if you do n't get laid this trip . '' 
 there was another deliberate pause and i imagined her glancing at her companion , checking him out . 
 good for her . 
 cassie put so much into her studying , she deserved some frolic . '' 
 ` k. catch up with you tomorrow . '' 
 `` stay safe , '' i reminded her . 
 not that cassie needed reminding , but i still felt like the worried mother hen of the group . 
 `` always . '' 
 i clicked off the phone and stared at the spotless white ceiling . 
 maybe this trip would end up being a surprise for all of us . 
 chapter seven monday `` that 's your boat ? '' 
 my mouth dropped open as i stood on the deck overlooking the huge catamaran with the massive sails tugging in the wind . 
 it looked about forty feet , with gorgeous teak wood and equipment galore . 
 i knew nothing about sailing , rarely venturing into the water except for a quick swim , but i knew this was mega expensive . 
 i had expected a small motorboat we 'd tool around in for the day . 
 should have realized my ivy leaguer would impress the hell out of me . 
 he pushed his sunglasses up on his head and grinned . 
 god , he was gorgeous . 
 the light played on his midnight brown curls and soaked into his tanned skin . 
 tiny lines crinkled around his full lips as he smiled , and those eyes rivaled any body of water in the world-a searing light blue that lasered right to the soul . 
 he wore white shorts , boating shoes , and a collared blue shirt that stretched over his broad chest and emphasized the powerful muscles of his biceps . 
 oh my . 
 thank goodness i had donned the daring red bikini mackenzie had bought me and i refused previously to wear . 
 right now , it was hidden discreetly under my black tank top and khaki shorts . 
 with my ponytail and ked sneakers , i felt about twelve years old next to his masculine yumminess . 
 `` do you like it ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` it 's huge . '' 
 i expected something cozy with just us . 
 surely this came with a crew . 
 `` i thought bigger was better . '' 
 i pursed my lips at his little quip , but could n't help the laugh that spilled out , and quickly turned into my awful pig snort . 
 i decided to give it back to him a bit . 
 `` big is nice , but you have to know how to use it . '' 
 his eyes darkened . 
 `` oh , i know how to use it . '' 
 a delicious shiver raced down my spine . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` so you say . 
 we 'll see . '' 
 he laughed and i grinned . 
 i was terrible at flirting , but with james , it felt natural . 
 like teasing him was part of the fun and the sexual spark . 
 `` brat . '' 
 he pulled playfully at my ponytail and my scalp tingled . 
 `` got everything you need ? '' 
 i showed him my gaily striped beach bag with towel , lotion , bottled water , phone , and a change of clothes . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 he grabbed the bag and guided me toward the catamaran . 
 `` i 'll show you some sights first , head down the gulf . 
 i staked out a pretty place for a swim and a picnic . 
 we 'll let the day guide us . '' 
 the sheer freedom of those words made me giddy . 
 no plans , no timetable , no responsibilities . 
 how long had it been since i was able to let go ? 
 too long . 
 emotion choked the back of my throat . 
 `` sounds perfect . '' 
 he studied my face , then smiled as if he liked what he saw . 
 `` good . 
 welcome aboard . '' 
 the marina was buzzing with activity and packed with an array of schooners , catamarans , and smaller powerboats . 
 men yelled back and forth to each other , seagulls screeched in outrage or happiness , and lines formed by booths for private charters and excursions . 
 the sun was blinding and hot , scorching delicate skin and dousing the choppy water with glittering sparkles . 
 james gave me a quick tour , and i was amazed at the amount of space on the boat . 
 a shower , huge cabin , and fully stocked bar was down below . 
 long teak benches were set up to lay out , and the brilliant white canvas was shocking against the stinging blue of sky . 
 `` where 's the rest of the crew ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` just me . 
 no worries , i 've been sailing since i was ten , and i know boats and the water in key west well . 
 been coming here a long time . 
 do you trust me ? '' 
 the words meant more than boating , and i knew it . 
 i also knew my answer . 
 `` yes . '' 
 his face softened . 
 `` then i wo n't let you down , '' he said lightly . 
 `` let me get started and we 'll pull out in a few . '' 
 i settled down to watch from behind the safety of my sunglasses , sipping from a bottle of water , and admired the ripple of muscles as he moved back and forth and we drifted away from the marina . 
 as the crowds shrank and the noise dimmed , i was taken to another dimension where only nature ruled . 
 i 'd only been on a boat once before , a ferry cruise for sightseeing with my dad . 
 the event , as usual , had ended in disaster . 
 i 'd begged him to just drink soda , but he snuck to the bar a few times for his beer , got drunk , and fell down the spiral stairs . 
 he only avoided serious injury because he was so inebriated he literally bounced . 
 the humiliation from the public attention was brutal . 
 i 'd never gone on another boat since . 
 but i did n't want to think about the past right now . 
 i pushed away the memory and concentrated on today . 
 chapter eight i wondered what she was thinking about . 
 her face darkened , as if a shadow of a bad memory drifted past , and then she seemed to calm again . 
 i wondered about her secrets . 
 she seemed to have everything together , so unlike me , yet something i wanted to probe simmered beneath her surface . 
 which was dangerous . 
 i 'd gone to bed last night with a hard dick and had to jerk off twice just to try and get some sleep . 
 one lousy night in her company and she had me whipped . 
 of course , i knew all the rational explanations . 
 she was different , and once i slept with her , the lure of the chase would settle me . 
 kind of shitty , but men were pretty much the same . 
 we could n't really help it-our dicks led our brains and once satisfied , the fog cleared and we were able to think clearly again . 
 still , i 'd dreamed about her when i finally fell asleep . 
 she was standing by the water , her beautiful dark hair spilling around her shoulders , looking at me with a gentle expression . 
 as if i was important . 
 it was a lake in my dreams-not an ocean-and the sunlight rippled over the water , and i stood before her , wanting to reach out and take her hand , wanting her to belong to me in every way possible , but i froze and did n't know if i could complete the gesture . 
 then i woke up . 
 i concentrated on my tasks , set our course , and began to relax . 
 i 'd loved sailing from the first moment i 'd set foot on my dad 's boat . 
 my parents taught me because it was expected , especially since they took large parties out for charity and business , but the moment i got on the water , i recognized a peace i rarely experienced . 
 most everything they forced me to do was for them . 
 this was the only time i felt like sailing was just for me . 
 alone with my thoughts , with strict tasks to achieve direction , it was a melding of creativity and concreteness , a mix of nature and manmade instincts combined to create something close to perfection . 
 like my art . 
 i grabbed a bottle of coke from the cooler and went to quinn . 
 she propped herself on the edge of the decking , looking out at the horizon , her ponytail swishing back and forth in the breeze . 
 her br ** sts were full and high , pushing against the stretchy black tank and begging for my fingers . 
 i remembered how they felt against my chest , perfectly curved with hard ni ** les , like cherries on a sundae . 
 the shorts barely covered her upper thighs , and my gaze kept sneaking back to the smooth skin and endless length of leg exposed . 
 i imagined them wrapping around my hips and holding me tight . 
 an odd protectiveness mixed with general lust and confused me . 
 usually things were so clear when i met a girl i intended to sleep with , but quinn threw me out of whack from the very first meeting . 
 she looked up and i handed her a bottle of soda . 
 a sweep of red streaked down her arm , and i frowned as i gently touched it . 
 `` where 's your sunscreen ? 
 you have to be careful ; you 'll burn easy out here . '' 
 that milky white skin was n't made for the keys , and it was only gon na get sunnier . . 
 her voice came out husky , like she 'd woken up . 
 `` in my bag . '' 
 the bottle lay on top of her bag , so i scooped it up and squeezed some into my hand . 
 i rubbed the creamy lotion into her shoulders , making sure not to press too hard , and worked the stuff into her skin until the white had disappeared . 
 she held still , not moving , and i took my time enjoying taking care of her , and the silky smoothness under my fingers . 
 `` turn , '' i said roughly . 
 she blinked and obeyed , and i slowly did her front , over the swell of her br ** sts , her neck , and knelt down in front of her . 
 she sucked in her breath but did n't move , just waited for me to continue . 
 never breaking my gaze , i poured more lotion into my palm and lay my hands on her upper thighs where the shorts ended . 
 she began chewing on that lush lower lip i so badly wanted to taste , but i kept moving , working down her sleek thighs , to her knees , calves , and even the top of her feet . 
 with a final squeeze , i rose and stared into her eyes . 
 `` i 'll reapply when we 're ready to swim . 
 did you bring your suit ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 satisfaction coursed through me . 
 at least she wanted me just as much , evident in her inability to mutter a word and the confused heat in her gorgeous chocolate eyes . 
 i needed to pace myself for the day and not move too fast . 
 i 'd be happy to drag her into the cabin right now and keep her naked all day , but i bet that would n't go over too well . 
 at least , not yet . 
 `` uh-oh . 
 what are you thinking ? 
 you look extremely ... satisfied . '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` really wan na know ? '' 
 her cheeks grew pink . 
 god , she was cute . 
 `` never mind , '' she muttered . 
 i could n't help it . 
 i laughed and pulled her into me , holding her tight . 
 she relaxed in my arms like she belonged there and we held each other . 
 when she finally broke away , i caught a worried gleam in her eyes . 
 `` how many girls have you taken sailing on break ? '' 
 i knew she regretted the question by the way she chewed her lip , stuck out her chin , and pretended she did n't care about the answer . 
 normally , i would 've rolled my eyes and said whatever would make her happy . 
 women always wanted to know if they were special , or just one in a long line . 
 usually it was the latter , but the game rules were simple . 
 never admit it was temporary . 
 use present tense , make sure they felt safe , and at the end i could honestly say i never promised them a thing . 
 that i never meant to be cruel or take advantage . 
 i had played my part for so many years and been disappointed too many times to change the outcome . 
 either my friends , a girl , or my parents made me feel like shit , like they needed me to be something else . 
 smarter , richer , funnier . 
 better . 
 so , i tried not to get too involved anymore with the outcome , because it always went to shit anyway . 
 be cool , i reminded myself . 
 i had an instinct this woman had the ability to shred my barriers to pieces . 
 instead , i did the worst thing possible . 
 i told the truth . 
 `` no one , '' i said . 
 `` i 've taken out big groups and my friends . 
 but i 've never sailed with just one girl before . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i blinked . 
 why had n't i ? 
 my boat was a frickin ' chick magnet , priming them to drop their panties . 
 `` because i like coming out here alone , '' i admitted . 
 `` it 's a place for me to think . 
 reset . 
 i never thought a woman would fit out here before . '' 
 she did n't get mushy or reflect on further feelings . 
 quinn nodded and sat on the bench , stretching out her long legs and crossing them at the ankles . 
 i reminded myself this was about her seduction , not mine . 
 i settled beside her , lifting her legs and dropping them onto my lap . 
 how the hell did she make keds sexy ? 
 `` have you always lived in chicago ? 
 is that why you went to that particular university ? '' 
 `` yeah , i 've lived there my whole life . 
 never really wanted to move , even though we do n't have this . '' 
 she swept her hand in the air to encompass blue sky and the rush of the water . 
 `` you said you work in rehabilitation or something ? '' 
 `` i have two jobs . 
 i 'm interning in an alcohol abuse program , and i work part time at a senior residence home . '' 
 i stared at her . 
 `` that 's a lot of unglamorous work for someone so young . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i have issues . '' 
 a laugh escaped my lips . 
 she was a pisser . 
 `` what type ? '' 
 `` obsessive compulsive . 
 control freak . 
 classic codependent personality that i had to recover from . 
 you know , some of the classics . 
 what 's yours ? '' 
 i thought for a minute . 
 `` peter pan syndrome . 
 poor little rich boy beliefs . 
 fear of success . 
 fear of rejection . '' 
 she gave me a thumbs-up sign . 
 `` nice . '' 
 i grinned and shook my head . 
 `` why are you a classic codependent ? '' 
 that shadow of darkness loomed , but she kept talking . 
 `` my dad 's an alcoholic . 
 my mom died of cancer when i was really young , and he never recovered . 
 he always had a tendency to drink but kept it in check for my mom . '' 
 `` how old were you ? '' 
 `` eight . '' 
 `` god , that 's young . 
 i 'm sorry , quinn . 
 sucks the big one . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 she seemed deep in thought for a while . 
 i did n't push for more information , but i hoped she 'd give me more . 
 imagining her as a child without a mother and having to take care of her dad was awful . 
 `` it started small at first . 
 beer at night , and i 'd find the bottles in the morning . 
 missing work because he claimed he was sick . 
 got bad . '' 
 i fisted my hands and asked the question i dreaded . 
 `` was he abusive ? '' 
 she looked surprised , then laughed . 
 `` oh god , no . 
 dad was an emotional drunk . 
 got sloppy , fell down , cried over mom . 
 begged my forgiveness . 
 maybe that 's why it seemed even harder . 
 he was always so sorry and swore to never do it again . 
 i just kept believing him , until i stopped questioning his excuses . 
 i kept the secret and helped him function . 
 classic codependence . '' 
 `` what happened when you got older ? '' 
 she remained still , as if images played on a screen before her . 
 `` things got worse . 
 we had little money since he could n't keep a job . 
 unemployment ran out . 
 i worked on the side , but with school i was limited . 
 then he started having me apply for credit cards . 
 we 'd get these preapproved offers in the mail in my name , and i filled out every one . 
 do you know at eighteen years old i had almost fifteen thousand dollars in credit ? 
 and i was wiped out at nineteen because he 'd used up everything but begged for more . '' 
 i reached out and snagged her hand . 
 squeezed . 
 she seemed startled out of her reflections , and my heart split at the sight of her face . 
 she was beyond beautiful . 
 she was strong and brave . 
 `` you had nobody to help you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no . 
 but i reached rock bottom along with him . 
 broke and dead tired . 
 trying to keep everything together was killing me . 
 i reached out to al-anon and for me , everything changed . 
 i realized i could n't protect him from himself , that i was actually helping him drink . 
 i met people involved in the program-people like me , and i confronted him . 
 had an intervention and moved out . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` he fell apart . 
 begged me to help . 
 i refused . 
 that was the hardest part , realizing he had to do it himself . 
 had to want to stop the cycle . 
 eventually , he went to rehab , and he 's been sober now for almost a year . '' 
 `` and you ? 
 how are you ? '' 
 a ghost of a smile touched her lips . 
 `` better . 
 paying off my debt . 
 i love my jobs because my work helps people , and it makes sense . 
 i take it day by day a lot , just like my dad . 
 he 's making amends and seems happy . 
 that 's all i ever wanted . 
 for us to be okay and happy . '' 
 is n't that what i searched for day-to-day , too ? 
 to be at peace with my emotions that always seemed to torment , reminding me i was nothing in a world of everything ? 
 the pain clawed for daylight , but i struck it back down and locked it up . 
 quinn was beyond me . 
 she owned character and had no one helping her . 
 i had a pot full of money , opportunities everywhere , and i still failed . 
 the shame was bitter and almost choked me . 
 i raised her palm to my lips and kissed her fingers . 
 `` you amaze me . 
 the people at those centers are lucky to have you . '' 
 i kept my gaze firmly averted so she could n't find out the truth too soon , and lifted her legs to slide out . 
 `` i better check the route . 
 be right back . '' 
 i hid behind the sails , confirmed our direction , and wondered if i 'd ever be worthy of someone like her-or anyone , for that matter . 
 chapter nine he moved like a dancer around the boat , his hands deft and capable on the riggings and manipulating the pathway so it seemed he was in control of the actual wind . 
 odd , i shared more with him than i ever had with another guy . 
 it just seemed right , as if secrets on the water would drift away until i felt clean . 
 but there was something in his eyes that made me feel he hid something . 
 like it was okay for me to share , but not him . 
 i sighed and took a sip of coke . 
 i could 've killed myself for asking about other women . 
 i mean , how lame was that ? 
 like he was going to say , `` no , there was no one else before you . '' 
 i wanted to take it back so bad , but when he told me he had n't taken out another woman , i actually believed him . 
 i do n't know why it was important , but it was . 
 it should be about sex and nothing else , but my damn emotions always got a bit involved , and i needed to feel safe . 
 no wonder mackenzie always yelled at me . 
 the catamaran slid into shore and james docked the boat in a tiny space that seemed to be created just for us . 
 i looked around , but there was no one else on the mini island retreat . 
 he took a while to get set up , and then he faced me with a big smile on his face . 
 `` welcome to my own private island . '' 
 huh ? 
 my mouth fell open . 
 `` you 're kidding me . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he tugged my ponytail again and laughed . 
 `` sorry , i could n't help it . 
 let 's just say not many people come out here , and i grease a few palms of the main sightseeing crews to keep it that way . 
 it 's safe to do some swimming , and i brought a picnic . 
 it 's just us . '' 
 excitement shimmered and danced on my nerve endings . 
 he loomed over me , tall and gorgeous , those curls blowing in the wind , smelling of sea , and salt , and man . 
 `` sounds good . '' 
 `` let 's get set up . '' 
 he grabbed my bag , a basket , some towels , and a bottle of champagne . 
 we stepped out onto the tiny ridge and made our way to the main piece of the island . 
 it was mostly rock , with a large strip of sand , so we settled ourselves right in the center . 
 as he unpacked , i investigated the space . 
 surrounded by jagged rocks , the water rushed on the surf and left behind an array of broken shells . 
 i walked around the edges , tracing the lines , and stared out at the vast expanse of water and sky before me . 
 `` we 're inside the barrier reef , '' he said from behind me . 
 `` completely safe . 
 good for snorkeling too , if you 're interested . 
 i brought the equipment . '' 
 i adjusted my sunglasses to avoid the glare and looked up . 
 `` i 'm not huge into water sports , but i may give it a try . 
 this is beautiful . 
 i feel like we 're alone in the world . '' 
 `` yeah , problems get more manageable when you 're around nature . 
 it 's a reminder there 's something bigger than you , and somehow , everything works out . '' 
 his words startled me . 
 he liked to play at being the drop out-spoiled-rich kid , but his words haunted me like poetry . 
 way more sophisticated than the usual twenty-something guy . 
 there was a lot more underneath the surface i was dying to unearth . 
 `` i 'm starving , '' i moaned . 
 `` good . 
 'cause you 'll need your energy . '' 
 the sexual spark zinged between us and stole my breath . 
 his blue eyes darkened as if he knew exactly what i was feeling , but he only led me back to the blanket that was spread out . 
 the food was simple , just like i enjoyed . 
 roast beef sandwiches , salad , strawberries , and champagne . 
 he uncorked the bottle and the pleasant pop made me laugh , especially when the liquid bubbled and spilled on top of him . 
 he filled up two plastic flutes and tapped his glass to mine . 
 `` to the day . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` to the day . '' 
 i sipped and purred with enjoyment . 
 i loved champagne , but only drank it on new year 's eve . 
 always seemed too decadent . 
 i slipped off my keds and dug my toes in the sand . 
 `` were your friends okay with you coming to meet me today ? '' 
 he asked , biting into his sandwich . 
 `` yeah , i spoke with them this morning . 
 mackenzie wo n't let us hang out together . 
 says we 'll never meet anybody new . 
 she 's trying to get cassie and me out of our comfort zones . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` she looked so familiar . 
 the one with the hat , right ? '' 
 i hesitated , but i was already too far gone and trusted him enough to keep our secret . 
 `` yeah . 
 country music star . '' 
 he snapped his fingers . 
 `` that 's it ! 
 been driving me crazy . 
 damn , how 'd you get to be friends with mackenzie forbes ? 
 she 's been in the public eye since she was young . '' 
 `` she goes to chicago state . 
 cassie and i met her in english 101 . 
 i do n't know , we just clicked . 
 i 'd trust her with my life , and she 's looking for some normalcy away from the country circuit . '' 
 i stared at him . 
 `` you wo n't tell anyone , right ? '' 
 james shook his head . 
 `` no , i promise to keep it quiet . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 she does n't need the paparazzi ruining her vacation . 
 how about your friends ? 
 have you known those guys long ? '' 
 `` i 'm probably the closest to rich and adam . 
 we travel in the same circles . 
 our parents know each other ; we went to the fancy schools and country clubs and tennis lessons together . 
 weird , you think the world is big , but when you 're growing up , it 's pretty damn small . 
 i only met kids my parents approved of . 
 i did n't know most of the other people . 
 they 're all casual acquaintances who like my money and stuff . '' 
 he stated the words like it was no big deal , but i knew it was . 
 how must it feel to have everything given to you and still not be happy ? 
 because that 's how he struck me , as if he had to apologize for his lifestyle all the time . 
 it was a different way to look at it . 
 i 'd longed for money many times , but never thought of the way it could take away your freedom . 
 i always believed it gave more options and choices . 
 evidently , not for james . 
 at least , not in the past . 
 `` what about now ? 
 you 're over twenty-one . 
 you can make your own way now , right ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 i do what i want , when i want . 
 i have the perfect life . '' 
 lie . 
 he refused to look at me . 
 my stomach clenched with the need to make him face me , but he definitely did n't want to have a heart-to-heart . 
 whatever . 
 this was about sex , not confessions . 
 in a few days , i 'd be back on a plane to chicago and he 'd be only a memory . 
 i needed to make sure it was a good one . 
 `` sorry , '' i muttered . 
 `` see ? 
 i get pushy . 
 issues . '' 
 his face softened and a smile tugged at his lips . 
 god , when he smiled my insides melted like goo and an ache twitched between my thighs . 
 `` i like that about you . 
 you look cool and collected on the surface , but there 's this fire when you look deeper . '' 
 `` so you 're saying i 'm hot ? '' 
 he laughed and so did i. `` hell , yeah , '' he said softly . 
 `` hotter than hades , baby . '' 
 i refused to blush and concentrated on cleaning up the remains of our lunch . 
 we repacked the basket , and left out the champagne . 
 `` what 's next ? '' 
 i blurted out . 
 a wolfish grin transformed his mouth . 
 fascinated , i watched as he grabbed the neckline of my tank and tugged me toward him . 
 his gaze focused on my mouth , and i had the urge to bite my lip , which was so f ** king cliche i hated it , but it was a childhood habit i 'd never gotten over . 
 `` the only thing left to do , '' he drawled . 
 `` strip . '' 
 chapter ten the laughter died in my throat . 
 her eyes widened and a shocked gasp dropped from her lips , but the sudden image of quinn naked in front of me wiped out the joke . 
 my voice felt rusty . 
 `` we 're gon na swim , right ? '' 
 recognition hit . 
 she scrunched up her nose and gave me a halfhearted punch on my arm . 
 `` very funny . '' 
 `` mind in the gutter much ? '' 
 she blushed and i pressed a hard kiss against her soft lips . 
 `` sorry , i could n't help it . 
 i like when you get embarrassed . '' 
 `` i 'm not ! 
 i do n't ! '' '' 
 ` k. '' i ran a finger down her heated cheek , and she jerked her head with a muttered curse . 
 she tipped the last drops of her champagne , set it aside , and began wiggling out of her tank top . 
 and that 's when i realized the joke was on me . 
 fuck . 
 the black cotton tank eased over her head and got dropped to the sand . 
 with a wicked glance from under her lashes , she flicked open the button on her khaki shorts , dragged down the zipper , and slid the material down her legs . 
 my dick wept for mercy . 
 every muscle tightened as i fought for control . 
 the red bikini should have been illegal . 
 the top was just two tiny squares covering her br ** sts , and the bottom had a sexy string on each hip that made me fantasize about slowly unlooping it to see what was hidden beneath . 
 her skin was pale and flawless , stretched like a gift across toned muscle and endless legs . 
 the swing of her ponytail was pure sass as she grinned at me . 
 `` this good ? '' 
 `` witch , '' i muttered . 
 `` how am i supposed to concentrate ? '' 
 i looked down at my demanding erection . 
 `` thank god there 's no audience . 
 you officially got me back . '' 
 she stuck out her tongue and bounded toward the water . 
 her full ass was barely covered as she dove in and surfaced , shaking off the water and gasping for breath . 
 `` it 's so warm . 
 come on in . '' 
 my hands paused on my belt buckle . 
 shit . 
 i had planned to change on the boat but got distracted . 
 i longed to just get naked and skinny-dip , but i did n't want to shock her . 
 i pulled out my bathing suit from beneath the towel and held it up . 
 `` i still have to change . 
 turn around . '' 
 her delighted laugh echoed in the water . 
 she swam closer . 
 `` hmm , this is an interesting dilemma . 
 be good and give you privacy ? 
 or be bad and get a preview ? '' 
 her sense of humor challenged me . 
 who would 've thought she was so snarky and fun ? 
 i decided to play a game of chicken . 
 `` you want a preview , huh ? 
 well , hold on , baby girl . 
 here you go . '' 
 i pulled off my t-shirt and tossed it away . 
 her gaze roved over my naked chest and turned me on even more . 
 i could n't wait until her hands were all over me . 
 i dropped my hands back to my belt , loosened the leather , and pulled the metal lever open . 
 grasped the zipper . 
 and waited . 
 `` i 'm not wearing underwear . '' 
 she squealed and whipped around fast , presenting me with her lovely back . 
 i laughed and dropped my shorts , taking my time to change into my bathing suit in order to torture her a bit . 
 when i managed to squeeze myself into the suit with an uncomfortable erection , i hit the water with a splash and swam toward her . 
 she laughed and tried to kick me away , but i was a strong swimmer and always believed i was part fish . 
 i dove under , grabbed her legs , and yanked her up so she was firmly secured in my arms . 
 her wet skin slid over mine , and her ni ** les poked against the thin red material from the water . 
 and hopefully something else . 
 `` round one to me , '' i said . 
 `` were you teasing ? '' 
 she asked suspiciously . 
 `` you 'll never know . 
 next time you 'll have to take the risk . '' 
 she wrinkled her nose in annoyance , but allowed me to hold her . 
 all my circuits were firing nonstop , my body attuned to each curve pressed against mine . 
 suddenly , she wrapped her arms around my shoulders and clung tight . 
 i fought a groan , wondering if i 'd drown in her sweetness . 
 `` james ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` i know another game we can play . '' 
 my heart slammed against my chest and i tightened my hold . 
 oh yeah . 
 `` sounds intriguing . 
 what 's the game ? '' 
 her legs brushed against my thighs and her breath rushed over my lips . 
 `` it 's called catch me if you can . '' 
 i came way too close to untying that cute bow from her hip , hooking my finger under the bottoms , and diving deep . 
 `` rules ? '' 
 her voice was hot and dripped over me like an ice cream cone on a summer day . 
 `` there 's only one . 
 you have to count to one hundred before you chase me . '' 
 i almost passed out but managed to rally . 
 `` done . 
 what do i get when i find you ? '' 
 her lips touched mine in a whisper soft kiss . 
 `` anything you want . '' 
 oh , she was killing me . 
 `` how do we start ? '' 
 `` close your eyes . 
 count to one hundred . 
 then try to catch me . '' 
 my eyes drifted close with the promise of pleasure ahead . 
 she broke the embrace , and i heard her dive under the water . 
 that 's when she yanked down my bathing suit . 
 it happened so fast , i could n't get my bearings . 
 in a flash , she was swimming away , and i fought the natural urge to go after her , but i remembered the rules of the game and kept my eyes shut , continuing to count . 
 her musical laughter drifted to my ears , and i realized i had n't had so much fun with a woman in a long , long time . 
 who would 've thought such mischief lurked beneath her serious facade ? 
 i played fair and got to one hundred . 
 when i opened my eyes a surge of adrenalin and lust mingled and exploded . 
 i sank back into primitive time , knowing once i hunted her she 'd be mine , on my terms . 
 she 'd definitely left the water , there were n't even bubbles around , and i was stuck naked . 
 thoughts of sweet revenge kept me focused as i trudged out of the water and began exploring the small island for clues . 
 i grabbed a towel and wrapped it around my waist , peeking behind rocks and looking for a path to follow . 
 the water droplets pooled together in a large wet patch led me back to the boat . 
 sneaky girl . 
 i made sure to remain silent as i reboarded and made my way in an organized search . 
 my wet bathing suit had been dropped onto the bench . 
 i checked the cabin and bathroom , opened doors , and finally heard a squeak . 
 i caught a flash of red and i dove for her . 
 she tried to rush past me to get back off the boat and run to the island , but i leapt at the last moment and tackled her around the waist . 
 she let out a terrified yelp and tried to fight me , but i kept my balance and tossed her over my shoulder in one smooth motion . 
 my hand caught her flailing legs and kept her still . 
 `` let me go ! '' 
 she yelled , squirming in a way that set me off . 
 `` not a chance . 
 i caught you fair and square . 
 it 's payback time . 
 head down , sweetheart . '' 
 i climbed down the stairs to the main cabin , making sure i ducked so she did n't hit herself on the ceiling ledge , and headed toward the bedroom . 
 the mattress was large and comfortable , even though the room was a bit on the small side . 
 i lowered her down flat on her back , climbed on top of her , and straddled her . 
 my towel fell off . 
 i kept my hands off her so if she panicked , i could roll right off , but she responded immediately to my show of domination and stopped struggling . 
 my gaze locked on hers . 
 pupils were dilated . 
 her pulse pounded , evident at the base of her neck . 
 she panted for breath , and her ni ** les were hard points beneath her bikini top , begging for me to pull down the fabric and take them in my mouth . 
 yeah , she was definitely into this . 
 i just needed to be careful she did n't get spooked , and make sure she was ready for me . 
 `` i caught you . '' 
 `` i guess . '' 
 she stared right back , unblinking . 
 `` what are you going to do with me ? '' 
 i grinned . 
 her body spread before me like a feast i was about to devour , but i needed to go slow , or it would be over way too soon . 
 she deserved an orgasm she 'd never forget . 
 i craved to wipe out every guy she had before me and replace them with my face . 
 slowly , i lowered myself , giving her the opportunity to wrench free or tell me to stop . 
 she did n't . 
 her eyes darkened to an inky black . 
 my hands slid up her naked belly and cupped her br ** sts . 
 quinn gave a low moan and arched her back . 
 i tweaked the hard tips with my thumbs , enjoying her open response , and shifted my weight so i knelt over her , my mouth close to hers . 
 `` everything , quinn . 
 i 'm going to do ... everything . '' 
 i took her mouth in a fierce kiss , finally letting myself go and refusing to hold back . 
 she was right there with me , opening her lips to my tongue as i drank her in and conquered the wet silk of her mouth . 
 i kept up the tweaks to her ni ** les , refusing to go underneath her top , even though her body begged for more . 
 my erection throbbed for relief , but i was afraid too much pressure against my dick would get me off . 
 shit , i felt like a teen with my first woman , so i locked my brain down with my control and swore to give her the most pleasure i could . 
 i sucked on her lips and nibbled on the bottom , giving her a sharp bite . 
 she bucked underneath me . 
 `` oh yeah , you like that , '' i murmured , pulling at her ni ** les and twisting a bit . 
 `` what else do you like , baby ? 
 i want to find all of it , every secret your body tries to hide . '' 
 her lips were slick and swollen , like a bee sting . 
 i worked my way down her neck , nibbling and licking , until i finally reached her covered br ** sts . 
 one quick tug and the top fell down , exposing her fully . 
 crap , she was amazing . 
 small , perfectly formed , with tight red ni ** les i wanted to suck for hours . 
 she reached up and hung on to my hair , tugging slightly , as i lashed at her ni ** les with my tongue . 
 `` james ! 
 oh god , that feels so good ! '' 
 `` you taste so sweet , '' i groaned . 
 i massaged her hips and belly as i worked her br ** sts until she writhed back and forth in a frenzy . 
 `` are you wet for me ? '' 
 she shuddered and i decided to find out for myself . 
 my fingers closed around the cute little bows and i pulled one of the strings until one side loosened . 
 drawing small circles around her hipbone , i teased her , loving the way she whimpered and tried to get closer . 
 she smelled like coconut lotion and musky arousal , my favorite combination . 
 i moved to the other side and tugged . 
 then removed her bottoms . 
 i sucked in my breath . 
 holy shit , i was n't gon na last much longer . 
 her pu ** y gleamed with wetness , and she 'd waxed for the beach so only a fine strip of dark hair was left . 
 the perfect landing strip for my mouth and fingers . 
 she flushed and tried to get up , probably caught between arousal and embarrassment . 
 `` you 're so f ** king beautiful , quinn . 
 do you know that ? 
 do know how bad i want you ? '' 
 i grabbed her hand and pressed her fingers over my dick . 
 already , the tip was leaking with my arousal . 
 `` you make me crazy . 
 i want to make you feel good , make you come so hard against me , make you scream . 
 let me , baby . 
 let me in . 
 part your legs . '' 
 she hissed out a breath , but she was too far gone , so she obeyed . 
 her lips were plump and moist , and i ran a finger around her labia , watching her clench and lift her hips for more . 
 i leaned over and blew my breath over the tight , damp curls , spread my palms flat against her inner thighs , and dove into heaven . 
 she cried out as i kissed her , licked her clit around and around , harnessing all her sexual arousal until she was completely under my control and begging me . 
 my name echoed in the air , the sweetest f ** king sound i ever heard , and i closed my lips around her clit and sucked hard . 
 she came in my mouth , bucking like crazy , and i helped her ride it out . 
 fierce satisfaction coursed through me , but i could n't wait any longer . 
 i fumbled madly for the drawer beside the bed , and managed to grab a condom with my shaking fingers . 
 her scent dripped over me like nectar , and she was still shuddering with tiny convulsions . 
 i ripped open the wrapper , rolled on the condom , and poised by her entrance . 
 her gorgeous dark eyes were blurry from her climax . 
 her lids drifted half closed . 
 `` look at me , quinn , '' i demanded . 
 i wanted to see every part of her , and she obeyed , gasping as i pushed a few inches into her clingy heat . 
 `` mine . '' 
 possession beat through me in waves . 
 rational thought had long fled , and i was down to a primitive state , where i needed to claim her and have her belong only to me . 
 her gaze locked on mine . 
 i surged forward . 
 hot and wet , her pu ** y clenched around me and sucked me deep . 
 i fought for control as i pushed all the way , holding her legs wide open , and my body shook with tremors of pleasure . 
 she moaned and grabbed at my shoulders , the sting of her nails biting deep into my skin and urging me on . 
 my hips pulled back and i slid out of her completely , then thrust in hard . 
 harder . 
 she threw back her head and screamed as i pounded into her body over and over , brutal and raw , needing to mark her as mine , mine , mine . 
 i felt her milk my dick as she came again , and i let myself go with a long yell , spilling my seed into the condom and bucking my hips , drawing out as much of the pleasure as i could . 
 she whimpered , shaking in my embrace , and i slumped over her , panting for breath , my skin damp with sweat , my c ** k still inside her . 
 i had no idea how long we stayed like that . 
 i finally realized i might be crushing her , so i rolled to the side and she dropped her head onto my chest . 
 if someone forced me to stand up , my legs would never hold . 
 every muscle in my body was loose and used . 
 fuck . 
 i 'd never experienced such a powerful orgasm in my life . 
 i was in deep shit . 
 this woman was addicting . 
 `` that was intense , '' quinn finally said . 
 i laughed and cuddled her tight . 
 `` baby , you blew my mind . 
 forget the rest of the week . 
 i 'm keeping you right here . '' 
 she smiled and looked up . 
 `` sounds like a plan . '' 
 my heart melted at the sight of her face . 
 such a mix of seriousness and play ; intellect and character . 
 she was amazing , and she was mine for the next few days . 
 i could n't think of anything past the moment . 
 did n't want to . 
 `` james ? '' 
 `` yeah , baby ? '' 
 `` that was the best game ever . '' 
 i grinned . 
 chapter eleven i laid in the bed naked , sheets twisted half around my legs . 
 james pinned me to the mattress with one heavy thigh slung over my hips , dozing after our last bout of amazing , mind-numbing , pleasure-ridden sex . 
 my lips turned in a dazed smile and the mantra sang over and over in my head . 
 i had an orgasm . 
 i had an orgasm . 
 quinn harmon had an orgasm . 
 yay , yay , yay . 
 no wonder everyone was obsessed ! 
 sex without orgasms was okay . 
 the cuddling was the best part . 
 but with an orgasm ? 
 the whole encounter rocked . 
 my body was sluggish and melty , like gooey caramel oozing all over the place . 
 there was only one downside : they were kind of like potato chips . 
 now that i had one-oh , actually three-i wanted more . 
 i 'd never go back to sex without orgasms . 
 which meant james may have ruined me for life . 
 in a good way . 
 the other weird thing was my usual shyness completely dissipated . 
 maybe it was the way he looked at me . 
 as if he found me gorgeous and refused to let me hide . 
 i was n't a huge fan of my small br ** sts and boyish-type figure , but he made me feel like a goddess . 
 i would 've never been bold enough to play a little hide-and-go sex game before . 
 maybe this whole spring break thing allowed me to leave my regular self behind and be someone i always wanted to be . 
 someone more like mackenzie-bold and sexy and able to go after what she wanted . 
 `` what are you thinking about ? '' 
 his growly voice drifted to my ears and my body gave an involuntary shudder . 
 oh yeah , he had me whipped good . 
 i was like a trained puppy now , ready to do anything to get my next orgasm . 
 he 'd created a monster . 
 his hands reached out and stroked my naked hip , tracing my pubic bone , and finally resting warm on my stomach . 
 `` sex . 
 with you , '' i admitted . 
 `` my favorite subject . '' 
 his hand trailed lower , pointing toward the magic spot , but he stilled his motions . 
 i tried not to wriggle . 
 `` i refuse to become the ultimate cliche and ask how it was for you . '' 
 his fingers played me like a musical instrument , gliding over my skin in teasing strokes but never dipping low enough . 
 `` i 'd rather watch your reaction to know i 'm pleasing you . '' 
 i blushed . 
 guess some of my natural reserve could n't be banished . 
 his gaze stripped me bare , probed me deep , and left me nowhere to hide . 
 i grew wet and my ni ** les pebbled for his attention . 
 it was like i was n't in control of my own body anymore-it all belonged to him . 
 and it 's exactly the way i liked it . 
 `` look at you , '' he whispered . 
 `` all pink and wet . 
 i 'd be happy to keep you stripped and tied to my bed for the rest of the week . '' 
 he propped himself up on his side and caressed my breast , rubbing his thumb over my tight nipple over and over again , making it swell and push out for more . 
 he was so dirty and sexy and raw . 
 he rolled over and began to lick me all over , wet swipes of his tongue mingling with tiny nibbles that made me squirm . 
 `` now part your legs for me , quinn . 
 no , open your eyes . '' 
 my lids flew open at his command . 
 somehow , if i was able to hide from my own response , it would 've been safer , but he did n't let me . 
 he wanted it all , and i ached to give it to him . 
 i spread my thighs wide , helpless and ready to beg for what i wanted , no longer caring who i was before i met him . 
 `` so pretty , '' he murmured . 
 he swiped a finger down my slit and i sucked in my breath . 
 his blue eyes darkened to navy , sucking me as deep as my pu ** y pulled in his finger , begging for more . 
 `` i 'm going to make you come again . 
 do n't close your eyes . 
 this is all for me , quinn , do you hear me ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i moaned . 
 `` please . '' 
 he dipped a finger in , stretched me , then added another . 
 his thumb brushed my clit with light teasing touches that never gave me the pressure i needed . 
 i arched up for more , but he was in complete control , watching my naked body and my face with raw satisfaction . 
 his fingers curled and he pumped in and out with slow strokes . 
 the pleasure built and swam in waves around me , and then - `` oh god ! '' 
 he hit a spot that shimmered raw streams of bliss through my body . 
 i panted hard , wanting more , wanting less , wanting ... `` that 's the spot . 
 give me more , baby . 
 show me how good this feels . '' 
 he began a rhythmic thrust back and forth in that magic place , and my muscles tightened with anticipation , building higher and higher until i felt as i would scream or shatter . 
 i flailed my head back and forth on the pillow and closed my eyes to fight off the pressure . 
 `` open your eyes . 
 do n't hide from me . '' 
 i moaned as i obeyed , and his fingers moved faster , his thumb rubbing , and then the orgasm hit me , shimmering from the tight coil in my belly and flooding every pore with a light and energy that made me scream at the top of my lungs . 
 i heard him cursing in the background , fumbling with a drawer , but my senses were swamped with too much stimuli , and then i felt his sheathed hard length slide into me . 
 `` so good , '' i cried brokenly . 
 `` so good . '' 
 `` you were made for me . 
 jesus , your body is so tight and hot . 
 i ca n't get enough of you . '' 
 he worked his hips and drove me right back up , his fingers clenching my ass and holding me still for every stroke , and i gave myself up to him , letting him do what he wanted and take me anywhere . 
 the pressure rebuilt and i shattered into a second orgasm-my ass bruised , my thighs shaking , and throat raw from my screams . 
 he came hard and threw his head back , shouting my name and collapsed on top of my body . 
 i had no idea how much time passed before i was able to move . 
 like coming out of a rip van winkle sleep , the room seemed foggy and my body was limp from use . 
 the scent of sex and a delicious musky cologne filled the air . 
 i wondered if i 'd ever walk properly again , or if i was permanently bow-legged . 
 `` wan na take a shower ? '' 
 he asked , stroking back my tangled hair . 
 my ponytail had come free at some point . 
 `` yes , please . '' 
 i wrinkled my nose . 
 `` i 'm a mess . '' 
 `` you 're a gorgeous mess , '' he corrected , dropping a kiss on my nose . 
 `` i have robes in the closet . 
 get comfortable and meet me on the deck . 
 i 'm gon na clean up a bit and get ready to sail back . '' 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` almost sunset . '' 
 i gasped . 
 `` we spent the whole day in bed ? '' 
 i 'd heard of couples doing that before but always figured it was an exaggeration . 
 after all , how many hours can you actually have sex ? 
 now i knew . 
 `` yep . 
 i 'll take you on a sunset sail . 
 we have some leftover sandwiches and champagne . 
 meet me upstairs when you 're ready . '' 
 i watched him climb out of bed . 
 his body was a work of supple , defined muscles , a tight ass , and meaty biceps . 
 dusky tanned skin covered with dark hair . 
 even his feet seemed strong and sensual . 
 he donned a t-shirt , pair of shorts , and with a wink , climbed the stairs . 
 i slumped back onto the pillows . 
 best . 
 spring . 
 break . 
 ever . 
 i took my time getting cleaned up and back in my suit . 
 the terry cloth robe felt snug and comfy . 
 i made my way to the upper deck , and found a small table set up with the remains of our lunch and more champagne . 
 the sails whipped in the wind , and the landscape seemed distant and far , far away . 
 the sun was a giant ball of fire , suspended halfway in the sky , and i gasped at the outrageous beauty . 
 the moment was idyllic , almost from a dream . 
 james seemed to experience similar emotions , because he moved over and wrapped me in his arms . 
 nothing mattered anymore . 
 it was just us-free and alone on the water , and our boat chasing the sun . 
 `` is it always like this ? '' 
 i murmured against his chest . 
 my cheek rubbed against soft worn cotton , and i leaned into his strength . 
 he paused . 
 i waited for him to ask what my question meant . 
 i was n't sure myself . 
 but his voice whispered on the wind and drifted to my ears . 
 `` no . 
 it 's usually never like this . '' 
 we did n't speak for a while . 
 i realized something strong surged between us , beyond the sex , but it was too massive and complicated to analyze now . 
 i worried about so much in my life , i did n't want to turn my perfect encounter with james into something to pick apart and rationalize . 
 we broke apart and sat down . 
 i was starving , and ripped into the rest of the roast beef and salad without taking a breath . 
 he laughed at me and refilled my champagne glass . 
 `` how long do you usually stay in key west ? '' 
 i asked curiously . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` usually after break is over , i move on . 
 sometimes i stay a week or two longer , depending on my plans . '' 
 i hated the doubts that suddenly sprang to mind . 
 he probably seduced a girl each year , kept her for the week , then moved on . 
 and was n't my goal the same thing ? 
 so stupid . 
 i had gotten attached after one lousy day in his bed . 
 i 'd make a terrible casual lover . 
 i stiffened my resolve to make sure i did n't make it more than it was , or pressure him in any way . 
 even after his words that this seemed to mean a bit more than an easy roll in the hay . 
 `` sounds perfect , '' i said lightly , finishing up my food . 
 `` it is sometimes , '' he said . 
 he watched me from across the table with a brooding gaze . 
 `` but sometimes it 's just ... empty . '' 
 my gaze cut to his . 
 heat blazed and blistered . 
 it did n't matter that we 'd been at each other all day . 
 my body flamed back to life , hungry for more . 
 he muttered a curse but kept still in his seat . 
 `` empty how ? '' 
 i questioned . 
 he stiffened . 
 anger seemed to beat from his figure , confusing me . 
 `` i do what i want , when i want . 
 i make my own schedule , travel anywhere in the world , and have enough money and security not to worry . 
 but there 's no one on the other end . 
 if i dropped off the face of the earth , no one would give a shit . '' 
 i sucked in my breath . 
 the sudden vulnerability in his features fisted my heart and squeezed . 
 how could that be possible ? 
 james hunt had everything . 
 did n't he ? 
 `` your parents ? 
 friends ? 
 siblings , cousins ? '' 
 his profile remained carved in stone . 
 `` i 'm an only child . 
 i was pretty much raised by my housekeeper , private tutors , and learned everything needed to be the perfect society boy . 
 it was n't until later that i began to question my role . '' 
 `` what role ? '' 
 `` i was a prop . 
 my parents only wanted one child so they could raise it to be what they needed . 
 they 'd sweep in to parade me in front of their friends , or at a party , or to show off . 
 most of the time they barely spoke with me , unless it was with demands on who i could see , how i should behave , all that crap . '' 
 his voice became distant and cold . 
 `` when i figured out f ** king up would at least bring their wrath , that was good enough for me . 
 at least i got some reaction at first . 
 dad focused on getting me some reputable career or drafting me into the banking empire , but he does n't get it . 
 i 'd die . 
 i tried talking to him about it , but he did n't give a shit . 
 neither did mom . 
 so they gave up on me , released my trust fund money , and threatened to disown me if i humiliated them . '' 
 `` i 'm sure they did n't mean it . 
 parents threaten things all the time . '' 
 shadows flickered over his face . 
 `` no . 
 they meant it . 
 they check up on me , of course . 
 skype , text , an occasional call . 
 but not to really talk or find out what i 'm up to . 
 they want to be sure i have n't done anything to wreck the family name . 
 my last visit was a clusterfuck . 
 i got an hour at breakfast , and they both cited shit excuses to avoid me the rest of the weekend . 
 i have no other family-they were both only children-and my friends ? 
 as i told you , they like what i can give them but if i had no money , they would n't stick . '' 
 `` maybe you never give them a chance ? '' 
 i suggested gently . 
 `` i 'm sure they 'd care about you whether or not you had buckets of money . '' 
 he laughed , but it was bitter and without humor . 
 `` you still do n't get it , do you , quinn ? 
 i 'm a complete mirage . 
 underneath , there 's nothing there . 
 i go from one event to another , one place to the next . 
 my friends just happen to be the ones i take with me for the ride , and when i drop them off , they happily leave . 
 i 'm a f ** king ghost . 
 maybe it 's good . 
 no one gets hurt . 
 no complications . 
 easy in , easy out . '' 
 `` why are you telling me this ? '' 
 my voice trembled . 
 there was something greater growing between us ; a seed that sprouted and would soon become jack 's beanstalk with just a bit of care and tenderness . 
 but how could such a connection happen in a day ? 
 was that even possible ? 
 or was i living in my own mirage , with no responsibilities and reality to intrude in perfection ? 
 his eyes blazed . 
 `` so you know . 
 you need to know who i am , what type of person you 're with . 
 i 'm not like you . 
 i never will be like you . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 my hand shook around the glass . 
 `` you do n't know anything about me , '' i whispered . 
 `` do n't try to tell me what i can and ca n't handle . '' 
 he rose from the chair and clenched his fists . 
 i swallowed as a rush of sexual energy punched the air . 
 `` you take care of people . 
 forgive them . 
 you 're strong and real , and i do n't want you to forget it . 
 but at the end of this week , you 're gon na get on that plane and walk away . 
 without me . '' 
 my cheeks flamed . 
 how dare he ? 
 `` do n't flatter yourself , '' i said coldly . 
 `` i 'm not a naive little virgin who 's going to beg to stay with you . 
 i have a life back in chicago , and just because we have great sex does n't mean i 'll drop everything to be your groupie . 
 you 're a conceited ass ** le if you think it does . '' 
 he shut his eyes tight and seemed to struggle with something deeper . 
 i waited , ready to walk away , ready to fight . 
 his low voice stole my breath and my need to retreat . 
 `` that warning is n't for you , little girl . '' 
 his eyes flew open and blazed hot and fierce . 
 `` it 's for me . '' 
 raw sexual energy swarmed between us . 
 i knew he was admitting something he did n't want to , and had no idea how to process . 
 he was messing with my head , big time , and i was getting sick of it . 
 `` what the hell does that mean anyway ? '' 
 i hissed . 
 emotion tightened my throat at the look of his face . 
 pain . 
 frustration . 
 vulnerability . 
 `` damn you , '' he whispered . 
 `` why 'd you have to come here and f ** k everything up ? '' 
 `` fuck you . '' 
 i spun on my heel with the intention of getting the hell away from him , but his fingers grasped my arm and yanked me back . 
 he lifted me up . 
 his gaze raked over my face , studying me so intently i felt stripped and naked . 
 `` do n't you get it ? '' 
 his voice shook . 
 `` you 're too good for me , quinn . 
 soon you 're going to see it and leave . 
 and i 'll be the one left behind . '' 
 shock held me immobile , but he did n't wait for me to process . 
 he slammed his mouth over mine in a fierce kiss . 
 his grip gentled and he hoisted me up . 
 i groaned and opened my mouth to his thrusting tongue , wrapping my legs tight around his hips as he ripped off my robe . 
 i speared my fingers into his hair and pulled hard , and with a rough curse , he walked me a few steps until my back slammed against the wall . 
 our mouths drank hungrily from each other , biting , sucking , like two animals crazed to mate , and he must 've grabbed a condom from his pocket , because i was suddenly sinking on top of him and he filled me completely . 
 `` ahhh ! '' 
 a cry ripped from my mouth . 
 his c ** k was huge and thick , piercing right through my body and filling it up , until there was no space or thought or safe place from him . 
 he held my hips and roughly guided me up and down , my head scraping the wall , my teeth biting deep into my lower lip and drawing blood . 
 the sensations cut and wracked through my body like knives shredding flesh , and the pleasure became so fierce it was almost pain . 
 my pu ** y clenched tight , and then i was coming , coming so hard and fast i thought i 'd die with the agony of such release , and he was shouting my name and coming with me . 
 he did n't let go , holding me tight , kissing me gently and caressing my cheeks , telling me i was beautiful and magnificent and that i was everything . 
 and i knew something had changed . 
 a portal had opened within my soul , and it was all for him , for as long as he wanted me . 
 and i knew i was stupid for thinking we could work out , but i did n't care , so i held him tight and let him care for me , and pretended this was forever . 
 chapter twelve tuesday i made my way into the dining room , trying hard to walk normally , even though my muscles ached . 
 of course , this workout was tons better than any treadmill , and i could n't wait to do it again . 
 james had dropped me off at the hotel late last night , and we made plans to sightsee today . 
 i scanned the crowd for my tribe and spotted them in the back booth . 
 mac 's sunhat took up half the table with the elaborate brim , so i slid next to cassie . 
 hmm , she looked tired , her gray eyes a bit too serious this morning , and not sporting the afterglow of someone who 'd had great sex . 
 mac looked like her usual vivacious self . 
 maybe she scored with her hottie tattoo guy . 
 i wondered if my crew would notice i finally had an orgasm . 
 i felt different . 
 did i look different ? 
 oh god , i was so lame . 
 `` you sure about that ? '' 
 mac asked . 
 i picked up the conversation and the menu . 
 `` sure about what ? '' 
 `` cassie 's fallen in love , '' mac announced . 
 `` oh . 
 good for her . '' 
 did i want an omelets or pancakes ? 
 `` no , not good ! 
 he has another girlfriend . '' 
 `` bastard . '' 
 i turned to cassie . 
 `` what are you doing messing around with a guy who belongs to someone else ? '' 
 `` i 'm not messing around with him ! 
 i ca n't even get him to kiss me , let alone do anything more . '' 
 oh . 
 well , i could n't get mad at her for that . 
 `` so , not a problem then . '' 
 yep , definitely carbs this morning . 
 i deserved them . 
 mackenzie gave a long , dramatic sigh . 
 `` problem . 
 this was supposed to be a relaxing vacation . 
 nobody was supposed to fall in love . '' 
 `` i 'm not in love ! '' 
 cassie hissed . 
 `` i do n't think you can decide that kind of thing ahead of time , '' i pointed out . 
 `` especially not for someone else . '' 
 after all , i did n't know what was going on with james , but i 'd never experienced such a strong connection before . 
 i was done judging other people . 
 `` i think i 'll have pancakes . 
 with blueberries . '' 
 `` do they have cheese grits here ? '' 
 mackenzie grabbed for the menu . 
 `` how about biscuits and gravy ? 
 and sweet tea ? '' 
 grits . 
 yuck . 
 `` this is the south . 
 i would n't be surprised , '' cassie said . 
 `` just as long as there 's orange juice , i 'll be happy . '' 
 `` it 's florida , '' i said . 
 `` there 'll be orange juice . '' 
 i leaned back and got the rest of the dirty lowdown on cassie and the guy she was attracted to but had a girlfriend . 
 damn , i wanted her to be able to enjoy herself and let go a little . 
 we were alike , and found it harder to party and leave behind our worries . 
 i urged her to find another guy to take his place , but she did n't seem too thrilled with the promise . 
 maybe james had someone i could introduce her to . 
 nah , i did n't care for his friends and would n't trust them with cassie . 
 especially since she seemed extra paranoid about going around with strangers , citing date rape and all sorts of scary things . 
 i had to remind them all again of their pinky promises to watch our drinks carefully . 
 when i was finally satisfied , i settled into blueberry-and-carb bliss . 
 hot tattoo guy was named austin , and worked as a bartender at captain crow 's . 
 mac seemed pretty into him , but when i waited for the big reveal , she only said he 'd let it slip that he knew who she was . 
 `` your turn , quinn , '' mac demanded , shoveling grits into her mouth . 
 for someone so damn skinny , she had a crazy appetite . 
 `` what happened with ivy league dude ? 
 cassie said he followed you out of the bar and you gave him another chance . '' 
 i wondered how much to spill . 
 who would 've thought serious , shy little old me would be getting some before everyone else ? 
 i chewed frantically at my lip and tried to decide . 
 of course , i kept nothing from my best friends , so i found the words tumbling out of my mouth before i could snap them back . 
 `` we went sailing yesterday . 
 i had an orgasm . '' 
 mac spit out her grits and choked . 
 cassie 's eyes widened with admiration . 
 i blushed . 
 `` woot ! 
 that 's my girl ! '' 
 she high-fived me in the booth and glowed with satisfaction . 
 `` was it amazing ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i sighed . 
 `` it was . 
 now i know what the fuss is all about . '' 
 mac pointed her fork across the table . 
 `` remember , no love shit . 
 just sex . '' 
 cassie groaned . 
 `` what a nightmare . 
 i 'm not in love ! '' 
 i shot her a sympathetic look . 
 when mac got on a tear , it was all over . 
 `` sorry , cass . 
 of course , the sex is off the charts , but he 's completely opposite of anyone i imagined myself with . 
 he flunked out of a bunch of ivy league schools , has a ton of money , and spends his time throwing parties and travelling the world . '' 
 guilt nipped at my nerves . 
 all of it was true , but i was n't telling my friends the real stuff . 
 like how he held me tight , and stroked my hair , and whispered how beautiful i was . 
 how he opened up and admitted there was something between us . 
 how he showed his hurt and loneliness from not having parents or family who gave a crap . 
 i opened my mouth to defend him , but mac was already talking . 
 `` who cares ? 
 we 're here a week , as long as the sex is good and you like him , that 's all you need . 
 anything else is a major complication , and you have enough of those at home , quinn . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i guess . '' 
 she was right . 
 i needed to enjoy every moment but try to keep my heart locked up . 
 falling for james would be a mistake that would get me nowhere but a lot of pain . 
 i spent the rest of the time chatting with mac . 
 i could n't help the worry that cut through me . 
 if anyone realized she was america 's country sweetheart , we 'd be outed and stuck with public scrutiny . 
 exactly what we all did n't need . 
 cassie looked even more freaked out than me . 
 `` that 's not good , mac . 
 what if he tells someone , or sells the story of you two ? '' 
 mac shook my head . 
 `` he wo n't . '' 
 my brow furrowed . 
 mac had great instincts , so if she trusted him , i probably would . 
 `` you 're sure ? '' 
 i asked . 
 mac shrugged . 
 `` if he was going to sell me out , do n't you think the pap would be here right now , snapping pics of me ? '' 
 i peeked over her shoulder to check . 
 cassie stood up and searched the crowd , holding her hand over her eyes like a sun visor . 
 `` just because he did n't yet does n't mean he wo n't , you know . '' 
 mac raised her chin in pure stubbornness . 
 `` it 's a risk i 'm willing to take . 
 i 'm so freaking sick of being scared to live . 
 i ca n't do it anymore . 
 i wo n't . 
 he might sell me out , but he might not . 
 and i 'm willing to take that chance , for the first time in a long time . '' 
 i reached out and squeezed her hand . 
 `` and if he turns out to be a jerk , we 'll kick his ass for you . 
 right , cass ? '' 
 `` right . '' 
 cassie cleared her throat . 
 `` no matter what , we 're here for you . '' 
 mac smiled and seemed to relax . 
 the warmth of our friendship flowed over me , and i wondered again how i 'd gotten so lucky . 
 they were like my sisters , and i could always count on them . 
 again , my thoughts flashed to james . 
 what would it be like to have no one in your life you could trust ? 
 talk to ? 
 laugh with ? 
 mac sniffed . 
 `` i know . 
 and i love you . '' 
 i decided to break up the serious tone , so i twisted my face and dropped into my best southern accent . 
 `` now , now . 
 let 's not go getting all mushy and lovey-dovey . 
 this is a vacation . 
 it ai n't nothing but fun and games . '' 
 mac laughed . 
 `` please . 
 i do n't even talk like that anymore . 
 i stopped when i became famous because my agent did n't want me to be typecast as the little southern girl . '' 
 `` yeah , but it 's still fun to do , '' i said with a grin . 
 cassie nodded . 
 `` it really is . '' 
 we finished eating and discussed where we 'd split up for the day . 
 mac 's final words were like a promise and a threat , wrapping me up in a flurry of emotion i could n't seem to untangle . 
 `` by the time this vacation is over , none of us will be the same . 
 it 's going to be legendary . 
 you both just have to make sure you live it to its fullest , like i am . 
 promise me . '' 
 cassie looked doubtful , but i nodded in agreement . 
 after all , i had gone too far to turn back now . 
 i kissed them goodbye , reminded them to stay safe , and left to meet james . 
 chapter thirteen i watched her walk toward me . 
 she wore her dark hair loose , the straight shiny strands swishing across her shoulders , and those inky almond eyes peeking at me from behind her bangs . 
 today , she sported a pair of denim shorts , a simple white t-shirt , and brown leather sandals . 
 no jewelry . 
 little makeup . 
 and she blew me away more than a victoria 's secret model shaking her ass on the runway . 
 quinn ducked her head as she got closer . 
 i recognized the shyness of the gesture , but in seconds she 'd pulled herself to full height and marched the last couple of steps . 
 i loved the dual aspects of her personality , especially her strength , and my body lit up when my arms finally closed around her . 
 `` hi , '' she said softly . 
 i did n't respond . 
 just bent my head and kissed her slow and deep , reminding her of last night and our connection . 
 i never exhibited such primitive behavior before , but i did n't care . 
 i only knew i needed to mark her and make sure no other guy even sniffed around quinn this week . 
 she softened beneath my kiss and practically sighed in surrender . 
 i wanted to drag her back on the boat and stay in the cabin , f ** king her every way possible until sunset . 
 if we hid away from the world , nothing would ruin this . 
 nothing would ruin us . 
 but i promised to show her some actual tourists traps in key west , and she deserved that . 
 slowly , i broke the kiss . 
 her lips were wet and ripe and inviting . 
 her tongue slid over her bottom lip as if to catch my taste , and i groaned in agony . 
 a wicked glint lit up her dark eyes . 
 `` do that again and i 'll show you some different types of sightseeing . '' 
 a low chuckle vibrated from her throat . 
 `` promise ? '' 
 my body locked down to full attention . 
 i playfully grabbed at her but she sprang away , her cheeks red , laughing . 
 `` no , no ! 
 i want to see hemingway 's house . '' 
 `` how about i show you his drinking stool and we retire for the day ? '' 
 i suggested with a leer . 
 `` no . 
 it 's beautiful out , and we ca n't waste it . '' 
 `` okay , you win . '' 
 i grabbed her hand and snugly interlaced her fingers with mine . 
 my spirits lightened and suddenly the day spread out before me in rich promise . 
 `` let 's get all the visitor stuff done today so we can relax tomorrow on the boat . 
 what do you want to see ? '' 
 she frowned , obviously thinking hard . 
 `` hemingway 's house . 
 the southernmost point . 
 sloppy joe 's bar . 
 jimmy buffett 's house . 
 glass-bottom boating . 
 sunset sailing . 
 drink a margarita at margaritaville . 
 oh , and the sunset festival on the pier . '' 
 my mouth dropped open . 
 `` please tell me you 're not serious . '' 
 she gave an adorable little pout . 
 `` i am . 
 how can i go back home to chicago and say i 've seen nothing ? '' 
 `` i 'm insulted . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` well , it 's quite impressive and not nothing , but i ca n't tell people about that ! '' 
 `` hmm , good point . 
 better get started . 
 we have a torturous day of being tourists ahead of us . '' 
 i tried to tick down the agenda and figure out the best place to start , but she stopped in her tracks and dug her heels into concrete . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 the playfulness disappeared . 
 her brown eyes turned serious . 
 `` you do n't have to babysit me today . 
 i mean , we could always hook up tonight . '' 
 temper reared , but i pushed it back . 
 the idea she thought i looked at her as just a sex toy bothered me . 
 funny , if she were another woman , i 'd dread dragging myself around town when my only purpose was to get her in bed . 
 with quinn , it was different . 
 i 'd go anywhere with her , because her presence made me feel good . 
 but i could n't dump all that on either of us , so i grabbed her again and kissed her hard enough to make her forget . 
 `` i want to be with you . '' 
 the doubt on her face made me lower my voice and smile . 
 `` besides , i refuse to let you lock me up so you can use me as your sexual slave . 
 i deserve a meal , fresh air , and to be out in public . '' 
 she relaxed and laughed with me . 
 and i kept my promise . 
 i showed her everything . 
 we walked around hemingway 's house with a bunch of other tourists , and enjoyed the lush greenery , open balcony , and numerous cats prowling around the property and peering through bushes . 
 quinn listened intently to the tour guide , seemingly processing the endless information about hemingway 's hobbies , love interests , and extraordinary writing skills . 
 i 'd been there many times before , but this time i saw everything through quinn 's eyes . 
 the architecture and presence of such a powerful legend permeated through the space , making me appreciate things i 'd never seen . 
 we listened to jimmy buffett 's endless loop of his famous song `` margaritaville , '' but i learned quinn was tone deaf and could barely hum the familiar bars without my wincing . 
 she punched my arm and threatened me with her rendition of adele , so i surrendered and bought her a frozen margarita instead of her usual sex on the beach . 
 we feasted on salsa and chips , mozzarella sticks , and fried conch fritters , then moved on to book a reservation for glass-bottom boating . 
 `` are we going to see lots of fish ? '' 
 she asked , craning her neck around the plates of glass set up on the bottom of the boat . 
 `` should be decent . 
 i 'll point out some to you when we get started . '' 
 i tried not to laugh as she fought off some stranglers who tried to squeeze in her viewing space , until a child wobbled by and gave her a toothy grin . 
 she melted on sight , and ended up helping the baby sit down and cooing at him . 
 she laughed with the mom , and chattered easily . 
 she knew her place in the world at only twenty-one , and radiated an inner light i wished would spill into my own dark soul . 
 but it did n't work that way . 
 my chest tightened with pain , so i excused myself to get a beer and tried to get my shit together . 
 the boat slowed and the speaker boomed with information on what types of fish they were currently looking at . 
 i sipped my coors light , brooding a bit about our differences , and noticed quinn was holding her stomach . 
 i put the bottle on the bar and walked over . 
 the baby was banging on the glass , distracting the mother , but one look at quinn told me what the problem was . 
 she was pure green . 
 seasick . 
 i gently helped her to her feet and she swayed . 
 `` james . 
 i do n't feel so good . '' 
 `` aww , baby , you 're seasick . 
 let 's go out on the deck so you can get fresh air . '' 
 `` i do n't get sick , '' she insisted , but she held tight to my arms and allowed me to lead her out the doors . 
 `` take deep breaths , slow and easy . 
 damn , i should 've thought of making you take some anti-nausea medicine . '' 
 `` i do n't get sick , '' she said again , but her voice grew faint , and she moaned . 
 `` sure , you do n't . 
 probably too busy taking care of everyone else . 
 let me get you some water . 
 can you stay here ? 
 i 'll be right back . '' 
 she leaned over the rail . 
 `` not going anywhere . '' 
 i hid a grin and got water and a bunch of napkins from the bartender . 
 by the time i got back , she was clenching the rails with a death grip . 
 her jaw worked as if trying madly to hold back from hurling . 
 `` babe , drink some of this . 
 look out way in the distance , as far as you can see . 
 and breathe deep . '' 
 `` think i 'm gon na vomit , '' she said miserably . 
 `` you got ta go . '' 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere . 
 drink . '' 
 she gulped in a breath and took a sip of water . 
 then creased her brows in a fierce frown as she concentrated on the horizon . 
 i stroked her hair and rubbed her back , waiting it out . 
 finally , her muscles relaxed . 
 `` i feel a little better . '' 
 `` good . 
 it should be over soon . 
 i would n't advise going back in there . 
 something about looking at the bottom of the boat as it moves makes a lot of people nauseous . '' 
 she drank some more water and leaned into me . 
 my arms slid around her stomach , and i rested my chin on the top of her head . 
 we finished the boat ride in comfortable silence , until the buzzing of my phone interrupted . 
 i fished it out of my back pocket and glanced at the screen . 
 adam . 
 i declined the call and waited to see if he 'd text . 
 i had n't spoken to him or rich since they promised to stay away from quinn and me . 
 probably checking on the stupid bet . 
 i made a mental note to tell them it was officially off , whether or not i 'd meet my mentor , but the text threw me off guard . 
 dude , confirming party tomorrow at your house . 
 invited a bunch of new people . 
 gon na be epic . 
 shit . 
 i usually held the parties for spring breakers sunday , wednesday , and friday . 
 they were the big events of the week . 
 i thought of the empty conversations , alcohol , and half-naked girls who meant nothing to me . 
 was i ever gon na stop ? 
 why was i even doing it ? 
 i was way past the age for spring break . 
 hell , most guys my age were digging into a career and planning their futures . 
 disgust boiled in my gut . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 her quiet voice brought me back to the present . 
 `` how 'd you know ? '' 
 `` you got all stiff on me . 
 and not in the good way . '' 
 i laughed and held her tighter . 
 `` adam texted me about a party i 'm supposed to throw tomorrow . 
 if i do it , will you come ? '' 
 she shifted her weight and silence settled between us . 
 uh-oh . 
 `` of course , i 'll go . '' 
 i let out my breath . 
 `` i 'm just-i 'm just not that big into those type of parties . '' 
 she sounded glum , so i turned her around and forced her to meet my gaze . 
 `` i have to tell you something , james . '' 
 my heart pounded , but i kept my voice calm . 
 `` go ahead . '' 
 `` i 'm kind of a nerd . '' 
 i waited for more , but that seemed to be the big confession . 
 relief whooshed through my body . 
 `` you 're a very sexy nerd , '' i said . 
 her lips twisted in a half-smile . 
 `` i 'm serious . 
 i 'm lame . 
 i do n't get off on drinking hard , parading myself around , and making endless conversation with people who do n't care . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 but if you want me to go , i will . '' 
 it did n't take me long to make my decision . 
 in fact , the moment i accepted what i was about to do , i was completely at peace . 
 i did n't want to hold these parties anymore . 
 i wanted to spend the day alone with quinn and let it take us wherever it would . 
 i was done with that part of my life , and it was about time i did something about it . 
 `` i 'm canceling the party , quinn . 
 i 've been trying to get out of them for a while now . 
 hell , i do n't even enjoy it . 
 time for someone else to take over . '' 
 she gnawed on her lip . 
 `` do n't do it for me . '' 
 i smiled and ran a thumb over her now swollen mouth . 
 `` i 'm doing it for me . 
 will you spend the day with me alone ? '' 
 her face lit up and my heart stopped . 
 `` yes . 
 and i have a long list of activities for us . '' 
 `` more ? '' 
 her eyes danced . 
 `` yeah . 
 but tomorrow we 'll keep it all horizontal . '' 
 the blood whooshed to my other head . 
 `` my kind of activities . '' 
 `` thought you 'd like that . '' 
 she studied my features , and her hand lifted to push my hair back from my brow . 
 her gentle touch burned like charcoal against my skin . 
 `` you remind me of gatsby . '' 
 `` f. scott fitzgerald ? 
 did n't they make a bunch of movies about gatsby ? 
 wealthy guy with a mansion , lusting after a girl from his past ? '' 
 she continued her caress , smoothing her fingers down my cheek , across my jaw , and touching the center of my lips . 
 her sweet scent carried on the ocean breeze and tangled me in its spell . 
 i 'd never be able to smell coconut without thinking of her . 
 `` yeah . 
 he has all the money in the world , and holds these lavish parties that everyone flocks to . 
 handsome , smart , mysterious . 
 he 's a celebrity everyone wants a piece of . 
 but inside , he 's lonely . 
 separate from the crowd . 
 he ends up pinning all his hopes on daisy because she made him feel something . '' 
 i felt as if we were on the verge of something huge , and if i said the wrong words , the moment would pass forever . 
 the boat pulled to the dock , and the crew scattered to begin debarking . 
 `` do you feel sorry for gatsby ? '' 
 i knew i 'd walk away if she said yes . 
 i could take anything but this woman 's pity , or becoming one of her pet projects . 
 she cocked her head . 
 a touch of a smile rested on her bow lips . 
 `` of course not . 
 gatsby had all the power . 
 daisy never did . '' 
 her dark eyes shimmered with heat and truth and possibility . 
 `` he just did n't know it . '' 
 a couple bumped into us . 
 i took her hand and led her off the boat , wondering what she meant . 
 chapter fourteen the sunset festival was like a circus with the backdrop of water and sky . 
 i held tight to james ' hand as we weaved our way through the staggering crowds and watched performers take turns dazzling us with their talents . 
 trained dogs doing flips and acrobats were in the right corner ; the middle had a man on a unicycle juggling ; and the left boasted a woman who seemed to have no muscles or bones , bending her body into insane positions for the approval of strangers . 
 i munched on popcorn , safely past my seasickness , and the glowing sun began to sink . 
 music pounded around us-jimmy buffett again-and people merged into one group . 
 i enjoyed watching public events for the way separateness merged into unity . 
 usually , people tried to avoid one another , heads bent to our phones for email , texts , and video games ; ears covered by headphones , ducking down to avoid contact . 
 but today , waiting for sunset , there was magic in the air and everyone sensed it . 
 we laughed and bumped into each other and did n't try to hide . 
 excitement built as the three performers melted away and welcomed the sword swallower . 
 he perused the audience , boasting a dangerous tale , and asked the crowd for silence and meditation to avoid injury . 
 his mouth opened and the sword slipped down his throat . 
 i gasped along with everyone else , stunned at the display . 
 i knew james had seen it countless times , but i clung to him in sheer fear that something terrible would happen . 
 the sword sank in deep , and he slowly pulled it out to the thunderous applause . 
 i jumped up and down and james laughed , his face open and soft as he gazed at me . 
 my heart turned to mush , and my gut churned . 
 i was getting very attached . 
 the fact he 'd cancel his big party to spend alone time with me affected my firm position not to feel anything past sex . 
 there was a piece of a lost soul beating within him that called to me . 
 probably the classic cliche of fixing the wounded , one of my weaknesses . 
 i could n't walk away from someone who needed me ; it was my calling card . 
 but james gave me something priceless , that i 've never experienced before . 
 magic . 
 when i was him , i became someone else . 
 someone better . 
 i was sexy , and confident , and silly , and just me . 
 i 'd never felt comfortable enough to shed my outside skin and show a guy my real self . 
 i knew he was n't faking liking me to get me into bed , we were past that part , but stuck at a crossroads where neither of us really wanted to define what was happening . 
 `` here 's the finale , '' james pointed out . 
 a tightrope was strung across the dock , over the water , and the performer was climbing the ladder and getting himself settled on the left landing . 
 the sun sank inches lower , hovering on the edge of the horizon . 
 he held a long stick and wore some type of ballet slippers . 
 the audience fell quiet . 
 he ventured onto the rope , step after step , making his way to the middle . 
 filled with poise and grace , his movements flowed into one another as he hit dead center , and the sun dropped out of sight , scattering the skyline with sparks of vibrant orange and blackness . 
 his shadow was beautiful as he completed his ballet dance over the water , then with a flip , he steadied and reached the right landing . 
 i whistled and clapped hard until my hands stung . 
 `` do they do this every night ? '' 
 i asked , craning my head up to look at james . 
 `` every night , '' he confirmed . 
 `` and it 's always crowded . '' 
 `` such a beautiful tradition , '' i murmured . 
 how badly i craved routine in my life . 
 i lived consistently wondering what disaster would await me at home , trying to control things i could n't . 
 but tradition was sweeter than routine , and brought elements of family , love , or comfort . 
 `` i wish we had something like this in chicago . '' 
 he stole some popcorn and fed me first , then himself . 
 `` smaller towns and islands have more unique events like this . 
 bigger cities are great , but you can get a bit lost . '' 
 `` which do you prefer ? '' 
 i asked curiously . 
 he paused in the act of chewing . 
 `` i 'd prefer to settle in a big city and take side trips . 
 i grew up in new york . '' 
 `` how long did you stay there ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` till about ten , i think . 
 then we moved to florida . 
 my father runs a big banking empire , so every time there 's some type of merger , we follow the trail . 
 we 've been in chicago for a while too , and california . '' 
 i tried to be casual , but i was hungry for more information . 
 `` your father did n't try and recruit you for banking ? '' 
 a shadow of pain passed over his face . 
 `` yeah , he did . 
 declared me incompetent for such a career . 
 when i made my first mistake , he pointed it out in a big meeting and humiliated me . 
 basically told everyone i 'd never step into his shoes , but he could n't reject his son because it was a family business . 
 then took me in his private office to tell me how worthless i was . '' 
 i winced . 
 my dad was a drunk , but i always knew he loved me , even when he screwed up . 
 i could n't imagine being with parents who were cold . 
 `` and your mom ? '' 
 `` mom runs charity functions and has little to say in dad 's business . 
 she runs in high society groups , throws big parties , that sort of shit . 
 i tried to be what my father wanted for almost a year , but it was a f ** ked-up mess , and i finally quit . 
 he insisted i try out some ivy league careers then , probably by greasing some palms of bigwig ass ** les , so i flunked out . '' 
 he shrugged again . 
 `` no big deal . 
 they both leave me alone now so i can do what i want . '' 
 it sounded good , but realizing your own parents did n't care about you was bound to cause some issues . 
 `` what do you want to do now ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he stared at me , seemingly surprised by the direct question . 
 a glint of hunger sparked in his ice blue eyes . 
 oh yeah , he did want to do something . 
 art ? 
 i leaned in , greedy for any information he 'd share . 
 finally , he answered . 
 `` more . '' 
 so much vibrated within his one-word answer . 
 `` like ? '' 
 i prodded . 
 a half-grin tugged at his lips . 
 `` wan na know all my secrets ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he paused , as if trying to choose his response carefully . 
 `` my parents made me feel like a loser for not being what they wanted . 
 i do n't even think they meant to do it . 
 they just had an idea of what i 'd do , and never cared to see if i disagreed . 
 i was drawn to the artistic field . 
 painting , drawing , music , acting . 
 anything that seemed to strip off the surface . 
 i 'm so f ** king tired of appearances . '' 
 my heart lurched . 
 he looked so sad , lost , and a tad vulnerable . 
 `` i tried taking these classes on sculpture once . 
 worked my ass off for weeks for a gift for mom 's birthday . 
 it was a takeoff on a madonna and child , which was supposed to be us . 
 when i gave it to her , she looked so shocked . 
 i thought she 'd finally give me a compliment and see what i really wanted to do . '' 
 `` what did she say ? '' 
 his face lost all expression . 
 `` thanked me , of course . 
 she 's always polite . 
 told me the best present in the world would be for me to get a respectable job and stop fooling around with stuff . 
 and that was it . 
 i found it buried in the back of the garage a few days later . '' 
 i sucked in my breath . 
 i knew he did n't want my pity , so i did the next best thing . 
 i stood on tiptoe and kissed him , long and deep and gentle . 
 i did n't care about the crowds around us or anything but soothing a bit of that pain he was trying so hard to hide . 
 his arms snagged around my waist and pulled me hard against him , and i lost myself in the kiss until the ground seemed to sway beneath my feet . 
 my breath cut out and i held on hard , desperate to have him fill me between my thighs and take my mouth and swallow me whole . 
 i shook , completely helpless under such raw need , and then he raised his head and stared into my eyes . 
 `` i want you . '' 
 my voice broke . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` stay with me tonight , quinn , '' he whispered . 
 `` sleep in my bed and let me f ** k you for hours , until we do n't care about anything anymore . '' 
 my blood boiled and i clutched his shoulders . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i do n't remember how long it took us to get back to his villa . 
 it was different in the silence and the dark , a majestic , multi-level structure hidden in the trees . 
 the pool gleamed an eerie blue , and the endless windows were like eyes peeking out at the world . 
 he led me upstairs without pause , both of us so driven by hunger for each other we did n't need to do any polite routines . 
 he shut the door behind me . 
 i glanced quickly at my surroundings . 
 his room was a huge suite , with a king-size sleigh bed and majestic food board in dark cherry wood . 
 french doors led out to a balcony , and i glimpsed a huge master bath with a jacuzzi tub off the open door to the right . 
 the colors were rich brown , dark blue , and creams . 
 `` i want you naked . '' 
 his blue eyes were so hot they blistered me , roving over my body and probing beneath my clothes . 
 `` take everything off . '' 
 oh god , my knees weakened at that sexy , domineering tone . 
 my hands paused on the edge of my t-shirt , but i was trembling so bad i could n't work the material . 
 he took a step forward . 
 `` as much as i 'd love a naughty strip show , i ca n't wait , quinn . 
 so , let me help you . '' 
 his hands covered mine . 
 he helped guide the shirt up over my chest and threw it on the ground . 
 the white lacy bra was simple but pretty , and my ni ** les hardened under his hungry stare , trying to escape their confines . 
 he cupped my br ** sts , murmuring beautiful words that lulled me into a trance , and unhooked the front clasp . 
 i arched , and he stroked me , lowering his mouth to tongue my ni ** les and rub them until i was swollen and tender . 
 in seconds , my denim shorts were gone , along with my lacy bikini bottoms , and i was naked , standing in front of him . 
 `` fucking gorgeous , '' he said , his hand already sliding down my belly to touch my pu ** y. i was wet and ready , as if my body was a robot that turned on a switch set only for him . 
 i panted as my arousal notched higher . 
 he was fully dressed still , and it turned me on . 
 i felt helpless and naked under his control , and i wanted him to do anything and everything to me for his own pleasure . 
 he seemed to sense my surrender , because he growled a curse and kissed me . 
 forcing my lips wide , his tongue thrust in and out of my mouth , taking and claiming , the same way his fingers slipped deep inside and teased me to the edge . 
 he bent down and inserted his knee under mine , then lifted . 
 one thigh was draped up and over his , holding my pu ** y open for his exploration . 
 never giving me too much pressure , he stroked around my labia , my clit , and inserted three fingers deep , moving back and forth in a rhythm that turned me into a wild animal . 
 i was so wet , i soaked his hand , but he would n't let me climax , and the brutal anticipation almost killed me . 
 i bit down on his tongue and twisted , and he gave it to me rougher , shoving me into a pit of sensual depravity that i welcomed . 
 `` come against my hand . 
 show me how much you need me , how bad you want me . 
 only me . '' 
 `` yes , '' i moaned , desperate for him , desperate for release . 
 `` only you , james . '' 
 his thumb massaged my clit as he thrust his fingers deep in my pu ** y and bit down on my nipple . 
 the pleasure/pain shocked my system and threw me into orgasm . 
 i clenched around him and cried out , holding on for dear life as my body bucked and shattered with release . 
 i gripped him to keep myself from completely falling apart , and when i opened my eyes , he was watching my face with a fierce satisfaction and possession that almost made me come again . 
 `` so hot for me . 
 so wet . 
 i love watching your face when you come . 
 it 's the sexiest thing i 've ever seen . '' 
 `` i ca n't , i ca n't - '' `` we just started . '' 
 he lowered my leg and smiled , those sinful lips promising me more delights than my body could handle . 
 my legs shook , but he guided me to the bed , and i sat on the edge of the mattress while he removed a few condoms from his pocket and stripped off his clothes . 
 i was past shyness now , and deep into a craving for more from him . 
 when he was finally naked , he stood before me and let me study him . 
 dear god , he was so gorgeous . 
 like david , an elegant , sensual statue of beauty i wanted to touch and lick and bite . 
 his skin was a deep brown from the sun , covered lightly with hair , and his c ** k stood straight up-thick , hard , and ridged . 
 my mouth practically watered to taste him . 
 i 'd never enjoyed o ** l s * x , but james was different-from his clean , ocean scent , to his spicy taste that danced over my tongue . 
 he made a move to join me on the bed , but i needed more , needed to know i could make him beg and weep with pleasure the way he did me . 
 i stood up and dropped to my knees . 
 his blue eyes burned and pierced mine . 
 `` quinn . '' 
 `` let me , '' i said . 
 my hands shook as i reached out and touched him . 
 hot skin stretched over iron muscle , soft and smooth . 
 i fisted his erection from the base and slid all the way to the tip , where a few drops of his come covered his head . 
 `` jesus , quinn , i may die . '' 
 bolstered by his words and reaction , i grew braver and lowered my head . 
 my tongue darted out to taste and lick like it was a delicious all-day sucker . 
 i learned what parts brought a helpless groan to his lips , learned the way his muscles locked down to stave off his orgasm , learned the dirty words that broke from his lips when i drove him to the edge . 
 he grabbed my hair and dragged me upward . 
 i rose from my knees , loving his loss of control , and then he was driving his tongue into my mouth and pushing me back onto the bed to spread my knees wide . 
 `` i ca n't wait , '' he panted , sucking my bottom lip . 
 he fit himself with a condom and slid in with one long , quick thrust . 
 he owned me in that moment-body , heart , soul . 
 driving out every thought and emotion i 'd ever had under the burning hunger of belonging to him , his c ** k filled me , his eyes locked on mine , his fingers dug into my hips , and i was his , only his . 
 `` so f ** king tight , '' he gritted out . 
 sweat beaded his brow , and i wantonly arched up for more , deeper , letting him take and command everything . 
 `` take me , '' i begged . 
 `` take me hard . '' 
 he did . 
 over and over he drove his c ** k into me , rolling his hips to hit my g-spot and cause shimmers of pleasure to spark along my nerve endings . 
 his gorgeous face poised above me , taking in every broken whimper and plea , never slowing his pace until i clenched around him and held on with all my might and gave up . 
 the climax swept me up , higher and higher , and tossed me into a dark pit where i became only sensation . 
 and still he never slowed , keeping the pleasure coursing through my veins until i rolled into another orgasm until it was too much , and i wondered if i could die from such beautiful agony . 
 he came and shouted my name . 
 when he slumped beside me on the mattress , i needed his warmth , feeling as if a hole in my soul had been ripped out . 
 stupid tears blurred my vision , but he sensed my vulnerability and whispered my name , holding me close . 
 `` i do n't know what 's happening to me , '' i whispered . 
 his arms tightened , and i rested my cheek against his chest , our limbs completely intermingled so his body heat seeped into me and i finally stopped shaking . 
 i closed my eyes , overcome by too much emotion , and he lay silent , holding me , for a long , long time . 
 as i drifted in a fog , i heard his words . 
 `` i do n't know either . 
 just do n't leave me . '' 
 i fell asleep before i could answer . 
 chapter fifteen wednesday what the hell had i done ? 
 i sipped a cup of scalding black coffee and thought about last night . 
 the brew burned my tongue , but i hung on to the brief pain to try and reach sanity . 
 with a few uttered words , i opened myself up for a mess of complications . 
 just do n't leave me . 
 the phrase haunted me , way after she fell asleep , until i could only hold her , stare at the ceiling , and wonder how it happened . 
 how did sex get turned around so quickly ? 
 i was the master at compartmentalizing physical and emotional demands , but after two lousy days , i was hooked on quinn harmon . 
 her body was like crack , but her smile and intelligence and kindness wrecked my defenses to rubble and left me bleeding . 
 she was everything i dreamed about in a woman , and for these few days , she belonged to me . 
 until she left me behind and returned to her life in chicago . 
 i took another sip and leaned against the granite island . 
 she 'd go back to her real life and forget about me . 
 maybe share a few stories with her friends , laugh about the great time she had , and concentrate on finding a guy more like herself . 
 someone with morals , and a real job , and a family . 
 not a whiny , isolated rich kid who did nothing with his life . 
 she 'd find someone she deserved . 
 misery festered like a blister . 
 what did i want out of my life ? 
 i hated banking , the law , and medicine . 
 i hated the crap involved in the upper crust society circles i ran with , because i 'd never known anything else . 
 sure , i travelled , but even then i felt as if i was playing at something , trying to show my parents see me ! 
 love me ! 
 they never did , and i needed to let it go . 
 but if i was going to try and be more , i had to start somewhere . 
 my fingers itched for a paintbrush or charcoal pencil . 
 whenever my thoughts skidded out of control , i found my peace in elegant lines , brilliant color , sharp edges . 
 the play of light fascinated me , allowing me to study it for hours and try to reflect it in my work . 
 it was one of the only times i reached peace , allowing another self to surface , one i actually felt proud of . 
 but what could i do with it ? 
 i 'd never be good enough for art school . 
 i had no formal training , and all the years of hiding my work from my dad 's skeptical opinion and my friends ' humoring of my hobby had taken its toll . 
 i was a pu ** y. afraid to go for anything that may be worthwhile . 
 afraid of ... everything . 
 `` morning . '' 
 i jerked and some coffee sloshed over the rim . 
 she stood in the archway , wearing one of my shirts that hung just past her knees . 
 bare legs and feet , hair messed and tangled , head ducked a bit in a gesture of shyness , my throat closed up and i could only stare . 
 she was so f ** king sweet and beautiful . 
 my dick jumped to attention and i fought the urge to drag her onto the table and shove myself between her legs . 
 the other part wanted to pick her up , kiss her tenderly , and protect her forever . 
 i ended up staying put so i did n't freak her out . 
 `` did i wake you up ? 
 i wanted you to sleep in today . '' 
 she shook her head and shifted her weight . 
 those pink toenails jumped out at me . 
 she had such a naughty , dark side mixed with the good girl image i was crazy about . 
 how had the guys ever pegged her a snob or cold fish ? 
 `` no . 
 i looked for you and you were n't there . 
 and i smelled coffee . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` i 'll get you a cup . 
 take a seat . '' 
 i motioned to the stool and she slid into the high red leather , hooking her feet over the rung . 
 `` milk ? 
 sugar ? '' 
 `` just milk , please . '' 
 i fixed her coffee and watched her drink it . 
 her face softened into pleasure , almost the same expression when she began to relax under my touch . 
 i gripped the counter and wondered how every move she made both fascinated me and turned me on . 
 `` good ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i like it strong . '' 
 we drank our coffee in companionable silence . 
 i waited for questions about last night , or a long conversation regarding emotions , expectations , or fears , but she never said a word . 
 `` are you hungry ? '' 
 she scrunched up her nose . 
 `` can you cook ? '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` a little . 
 i have a housekeeper for this place 'cause i hate cleaning , but i do n't mind fooling around in the kitchen . 
 how about an omelet ? '' 
 `` sounds good . 
 thanks . '' 
 i began preparing , grabbing some ham , cheese , milk , and eggs . 
 i could n't remember the last time i cooked for a woman staying over . 
 it was intimate , and i liked serving her . 
 `` are your friends good with us spending the day together again ? '' 
 `` yeah , i 'll check in with them later to make sure they 're okay , but we kind of planned to be separate for this trip . '' 
 `` how come ? 
 usually girls flock together and stay that way . '' 
 uneasiness flickered over her face . 
 i paused in the act of mixing the ingredients and waited for her answer . 
 `` umm , well , mackenzie proclaimed we all needed to hook up this week , so we were n't allowed to see each other . '' 
 i arched my brow . 
 i was half annoyed at her plan to find some guy to sleep with , but had n't i done the same exact thing ? 
 i tried not to laugh as she shoved her face in her mug in an attempt to hide . 
 this was too much fun to pass up . 
 `` so i was just part of this master plan to be used ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` n-no ! 
 i mean , not really , i did n't plan on sleeping with you . 
 i did n't like you ! '' 
 `` you did n't even like me ? 
 hell , now i really feel used . 
 you just wanted my body . '' 
 `` no ! 
 crap , you 're twisting my words . 
 besides , you came after me , remember ? '' 
 `` forget it . 
 let me just take off my clothes so you can f ** k me . 
 i never thought i could feel so cheap . '' 
 `` james ! 
 i - '' she broke off , catching the huge grin threatening to split my face . 
 she gasped and pointed . 
 `` you 're teasing me ! 
 you suck ! '' 
 i laughed in delight at the red spots on her cheeks . 
 `` baby , let 's just say you can use me anytime you want , '' i drawled . 
 `` in any way , even . '' 
 she glowered , those plump lips pursed in a cute pout . 
 `` i ca n't believe i fell for that , '' she grumbled . 
 `` i was afraid to hurt your feelings . '' 
 `` using a guy for his body is n't a problem , quinn , '' i told her , dropping the mixture into a hot pan . 
 `` i 'm not , '' she said softly . 
 `` are you ? '' 
 i spun around . 
 her serious dark eyes stared back . 
 the question exploded around me , and i realized we 'd reached a turning point . 
 had she heard my plea last night before she fell asleep ? 
 did she know how much she meant to me even after this short period of time ? 
 i watched her carefully , wondering what she wanted from me . 
 `` am i what ? '' 
 she swallowed and lifted her chin in that movement of pure bravery that almost broke my heart . 
 `` using me for my body ? 
 or am i more ? '' 
 the sizzle in the pan drifted to my ears , but i stood still , frozen to the spot . 
 what type of answer did she want ? 
 the truth ? 
 that i was falling in love with my spring break fling and she was going to leave me without another thought ? 
 or was this an opportunity to take a leap and find what i needed to know ? 
 if she needed me as much as i did her ? 
 my silence must have been too long , because she forced a laugh and shook her head . 
 `` forget it , i 'm so lame . 
 let 's just enjoy what we have and not analyze it . 
 wow , that smells good . '' 
 it would be easy to accept her fake words . 
 move on without dissecting some scary-ass feelings that could end up breaking both of our hearts . 
 but i could n't leave her hanging . 
 i was n't that much of an ass ** le-not when it came to quinn . 
 `` you are . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i leaned over and pinned her with my gaze . 
 showing her everything i was feeling and fighting in that brief moment . 
 `` i wanted it to be just sex . 
 it would be easier . 
 but you 're more , quinn , much more . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 she quivered , nodding her head . 
 i wanted to go to her , but it was too much , and i had already sacrificed more than i thought i could this morning . 
 then she smiled . 
 a beautiful , giving , joyous smile that splintered my reality and left it broken behind me . 
 `` i understand . '' 
 my heart hurt , so i turned back to the eggs for something to do . 
 i grabbed a plate , slid the omelet on , and served her at the counter . 
 `` eat up . 
 you 'll need your energy . '' 
 she was still smiling when she took the first bite . 
 the blare of my phone cut through the air halfway through our breakfast . 
 i got up and checked the screen . 
 adam . 
 i 'd already texted him back to cancel the party , and his continuous texts were getting more and more crazed . 
 better take it or the guy may show up at my door . 
 `` be right back , i got ta take this , '' i said . 
 `` okay . '' 
 i walked into the living room and hit the button . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 my friend 's voice was high-pitched . 
 `` what the hell are you doing , man ? 
 are you f ** king crazy ? 
 we had these parties planned for months-hell , it 's a tradition in key west . 
 you ca n't cancel on me . 
 i got a ton of people freaking out . '' 
 my temper reared , but i kept calm . 
 `` adam , if you want to have a party , you host it . 
 i 'm done . 
 i got shit i need to do this week , and i 'm not up for hosting more of girls gone wild at my house . '' 
 a long groan . 
 `` i ca n't have it at my house ! 
 i do n't have the space , and it 's too damn late to rent a hotel . 
 hey , i got a great idea . 
 i 'll host the party over there . 
 i 'll take care of everything , make sure we clean up . 
 what do you say ? '' 
 why did i suddenly feel like i was eighteen again ? 
 rich and adam were always pushing me to take the lead because my parents did n't give a shit . 
 they were both stuck in their fathers ' firms , living the dutiful life i 'd always hated , so they looked to me to be the wild one . 
 the one who bucked the system , took no prisoners , and broke all the rules . 
 i was f ** king sick of it . 
 `` no . 
 just tell everyone it was canceled . 
 there are plenty of bars and booze cruises to do instead . 
 and friday 's party is also canceled . '' 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 adam 's screech echoed , but i did n't care . 
 time to make myself happy . 
 `` why ? 
 is it that girl you 're trying to score with to win our bet ? '' 
 i stiffened . 
 i did n't want adam or rich to know anything about her . 
 `` no . 
 i have n't slept with her yet . '' 
 `` and you wo n't . 
 but if you get her drunk at the party , you may have a better shot at getting in her pants . 
 how about that scenario for you ? '' 
 i pictured putting a fist through my friend 's mouth instead . 
 `` the bet 's off . 
 i do n't care about meeting whit bennigan . '' 
 `` sorry , bro , you ca n't call off a bet midweek just because you 're losing . 
 it 's still on , and if you do n't get us proof , say goodbye to your bike . '' 
 i rubbed my forehead . 
 i could n't think about this shit now , i 'd worry about it later . 
 i needed to get adam off my ass . 
 `` the parties are canceled adam . 
 tell rich i 'm not changing my mind , and if the bet 's still on , leave me the hell alone until friday . '' 
 silence settled over the line . 
 `` fine . 
 this is f ** ked up , james . 
 but whatever . '' 
 he hung up . 
 i hit the button . 
 what a mess . 
 i had a bet about quinn i could n't stop and a bunch of pissed off friends . 
 still , i felt good about my decision . 
 i 'd figure the rest out , even if i had to lie and give up my bike . 
 nothing really mattered now except spending as much time with the woman half naked in my kitchen . 
 i threw my phone on the table and went to her . 
 chapter sixteen i wiggled my toes and relaxed back on the lounge chair . 
 a warm breeze brushed my body , and the sun burned hot on my skin , melting my already limp muscles to wet noodles . 
 the pool glistened in a gorgeous blue that reminded me of james ' eyes , and i smiled , shutting out the world , remembering our last heated lovemaking session that blew my mind . 
 we could n't keep our hands off each other . 
 after breakfast , we spent a few hours in bed , then hit my hotel so i could pack another bag to stay over again tonight . 
 i changed into my red bikini and we relaxed by the pool , until he decided to order some food from the local clam bar and bring it back to the house . 
 i sipped my sex on the beach he 'd concocted , and enjoyed the absolute decadence of the day . 
 sex , alcohol , fried food , and rest . 
 i 'd reached nirvana . 
 after about fifteen minutes , i noticed my skin was beginning to burn again , so i grabbed my drink and went back inside . 
 maybe i 'd explore . 
 i was sure james would n't mind , and the house was so gorgeous , i was dying to see the rest of the furnishings and setup . 
 i started on the ground level , peeking into an array of guest rooms , and a sunroom with comfy chairs and bookcases stocked with goodies . 
 i browsed through the shelves , making note of the eclectic collection of art , classic literature , and philosophy , then strolled upstairs . 
 another bathroom with a spa shower , and what looked to be a media room , filled with high-tech gadgets , a big screen tv , and various speakers . 
 hmm , maybe we could do a movie night and snuggle up . 
 the idea intrigued me . 
 i kept poking around until i reached the last door at the end of the hall . 
 the knob easily turned under my fingers . 
 i stepped in and caught my breath . 
 it was more than a room . 
 it was a studio filled with blank canvases , paints , brushes , and different-sized tables . 
 the light poured in from the ceiling-to-floor windows , and the floors were some type of wood , covered with drops of paint in various colors . 
 fascinated , i walked to the row of paintings and studied the bold lines and colors attacking the white background . 
 it was as if something shimmered beneath , dying to get out , and i narrowed my gaze , trying to look deeper . 
 i was n't an art major or anything , but had taken a class in college where we went over the basics and famous art . 
 this was unlike any style i 'd seen . 
 who was the artist james collected ? 
 `` they 're mine . '' 
 i spun around and almost spilled my drink . 
 he stood behind me , watching me with a curious expression . 
 his words took a while for me to process . 
 `` you did these ? '' 
 james nodded . 
 they were mostly portraits , sketched out in bold lines with an array of backgrounds in shocking color . 
 the mingling of charcoal with watercolors was new to me . 
 i flipped through a few more , and began to recognize a pattern emerging . 
 as i made my way through his work , i recognized the development from earlier years to later . 
 there was a growing confidence and better technique . 
 the last one took my breath away . 
 an old man sat by the dock , his withered hand holding a tattered newspaper , looking out over the water as if a memory had broken his concentration . 
 his face held the lines of one who had loved hard and lost much . 
 the gorgeous symmetry of old and young jumped out at me . 
 usually , portraits bored me-a line of people i 'd never met and did n't know-but james captured an element that made me want to know the subjects . 
 as if i had already met them . 
 `` these are amazing , '' i said , shaking my head . 
 `` they remind me of something that should be in a gallery , not locked up . 
 have you ever tried to sell any ? '' 
 he walked over and stood beside me . 
 `` no . 
 do n't think i 'm good enough . 
 i never trained . '' 
 `` crap , james , can you imagine what you could do with some formal schooling ? '' 
 my eyes widened when i spotted another small stack of charcoal drawings in a variety of poses . 
 `` these too ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yeah . 
 that 's how i started . 
 i was always sketching , doodling . 
 i used to make comics for my friends in school . 
 i spent a lot of time alone in my room , drawing to keep from getting bored . '' 
 these sketches were simpler , as if he was building the basics of delving behind the surface of people . 
 he had taken something definable in each of them , whether it was a soft look in their eyes , the clenching of fingers , the tilt of the chin . 
 each one spoke to me on a different level . 
 i put my drink down on the floor and immersed myself for a while . 
 when i was finally done , i looked up . 
 `` you said you were n't an artist , '' i said quietly . 
 he jerked back . 
 `` i 'm not . 
 i like to draw and paint . 
 i never sold anything . 
 i never trained . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 he let out a breath . 
 `` because it 's a hobby . 
 because it 's ridiculous to think you can make a career out of something like this . 
 everyone has a crafty sort of thing they do in their spare time . 
 just because i 'm rich , i 'm not about to force someone to show my stuff . '' 
 bingo . 
 the truth slammed through me . 
 he was born to do this , but had gotten caught up in too many voices telling him he could n't . 
 not that i blamed him . 
 after a while , when everyone tells you you 'll fail , you begin to believe it . 
 anger coursed through me at the total waste of his talent and his belief in everyone but himself . 
 `` james , you 're good . 
 really good . 
 this is what you 're meant to do . 
 no wonder you were strangled at your dad 's bank and ivy league schools . 
 you need to follow this . '' 
 `` whatever . 
 let 's go eat . '' 
 he turned , but i jumped in front of him . 
 his pretended ignorance was a big fat lie , and i could n't take it . 
 not from him . 
 `` do n't pull that bullshit with me , '' i said . 
 `` why ca n't you admit this is what you want ? 
 you have the money to go to art school and study . 
 you have no excuses . '' 
 his jaw clenched and his blue eyes sparked . 
 `` exactly ! 
 do you think i want the world believing i bought my way into galleries or school because of my money ? 
 i could make a call and get connected with something just from my family name . 
 i do n't want anyone 's charity , goddammit . 
 i 'm not good enough . '' 
 i practically spit with frustration . 
 `` did you ever even try ? '' 
 his stubborn expression told me no . 
 `` maybe you 'd find out if you submit your work to them and see ? 
 fuck the family name . 
 just do n't use it-make one up and satisfy yourself it 's on your terms . 
 you never gave it a shot , because that way you 'll be safe . 
 but you 're not safe , james , you 're just alone . 
 throwing parties and wasting time and looking for something that 's already here . 
 you 're a f ** king artist ! 
 just be one ! '' 
 he fisted his hands and stepped back . 
 i watched the conflicting expressions war for dominance , and suddenly , all that energy hit me like a sucker punch . 
 `` it 's not that easy . '' 
 `` it 's not that hard . '' 
 `` i do n't know if i 'm good ! 
 jesus , do n't you get it ? '' 
 i got closer to his breaking point , almost scenting his rawness beneath the surface he gave me glimpses of . 
 but i wanted more from him , dammit , i wanted everything he had , whether or not i had the right . 
 `` no , explain it to me . '' 
 `` it does n't matter . '' 
 i let out a strangled cry in pure frustration . 
 `` bullshit ! 
 it does matter , it all matters , but you 're being a coward by not admitting it . 
 just f ** king tell me what your problem is ! '' 
 he gave a vicious curse . 
 he seemed to struggle with temper that was more directed toward himself than with me , but it swirled with a raw emotion that turned me on . 
 this was the james i ached for-his feelings and soul as naked to me as his body . 
 the combination screamed sexual power . 
 `` what do you want from me ? '' 
 he ground out . 
 `` why are you pushing ? '' 
 i was breathing hard , aroused , and pissed off at his stubbornness . 
 `` what do i want ? 
 oh , that 's right . 
 let me make sure not to demand too much emotion here . 
 let 's just keep it to f ** king each other 's brains out , okay ? 
 better now ? '' 
 i knew i was taunting him , but i ached to push past his barriers , and when our bodies connected , all walls came crashing down . 
 his control teetered , paused , and crashed . 
 `` you want to know everything ? 
 all the touchy-feely bullshit ? 
 fine-my whole life i had one f ** king thing i dreamed of : making it in the art world , on my own . 
 but if i do n't have it , and i fail , there 's nothing left . 
 i shot my load and i got no backup . 
 and wo n't my f ** king parents and friends laugh their asses off ? 
 you get it now ? 
 you happy ? '' 
 his voice rose and crashed around me , full of naked and swirling emotions i never glimpsed before . 
 `` yes , i 'm happy now . 
 now do something about it . '' 
 he stared at me , poised on the brink , and then he closed the distance and hauled me into his arms . 
 blazing blue eyes locked with mine . 
 my ni ** les hardened and i grew wet . 
 `` fuck this , '' he muttered . 
 slamming his mouth over mine , he kissed me , his tongue thrusting into my mouth and taking what he wanted . 
 i gave it back , pressing myself against him , digging my fingers into his hair and holding on tight . 
 he bent me backward and swallowed me whole , until there was nothing left except what he gave me . 
 my bare thighs scraped his belt buckle , and he ripped off his shorts , shoving down my bikini bottoms , and lowering himself to the floor . 
 our mouths never broke away , and i whimpered as i grew wetter , wiggling on top of him so i could get his c ** k deep inside me where he belonged . 
 he broke away and bit my earlobe . 
 i shuddered . 
 `` condom . 
 pocket . 
 put it on . '' 
 i fumbled with the wrapper and rolled it on him . 
 he gripped my hips and lifted me over him , my pu ** y dripping , my ni ** les begging for his teeth and lips and tongue . 
 `` ride me , baby . 
 ride me hard . '' 
 i cried out his name as i sank down , taking his c ** k in one long surge . 
 he buried deep inside me , and i panted for control , digging my nails into his skin as i fought for control . 
 my hair streamed loose over his chest and he groaned , arching up so i was forced to take more . 
 `` all of me , quinn . 
 that 's good , so good . '' 
 i moved in short spurts , adjusting to his length . 
 fire shot through my veins and heated me up everywhere . 
 frantic for more , i moved faster , working my hips , relaxing my muscles , and taking him completely . 
 he controlled my movements for a while , but as i neared climax , i ripped his hands off me and rode him hard and fast and wild , not allowing him any control . 
 he shouted my name and i felt myself coming , the pleasure squeezing me so tight i did n't think i could take a moment more , but i kept coming more and then he followed me , my thighs gripping desperately for balance as every muscle collapsed in ecstasy . 
 i slumped over , breathing hard , and his hands settled on my ass . 
 it took a while before we calmed down and i felt as if i could finally move . 
 i managed to support myself on my hands and sit back up . 
 he was still inside me . 
 `` i love you , '' he said . 
 i should 've been shocked . 
 i should 've gasped , pulled away , and tried to decipher what had happened in four days . 
 it was impossible to fall in love with someone so fast , right ? 
 i knew that . 
 yes , i had pushed him , but this confession was way more than i expected . 
 we needed to talk and rationalize what we were doing , and figure out a plan . 
 but nothing mattered anymore . 
 just the truth . 
 `` i love you too . '' 
 i lowered my head and kissed him . 
 sweet . 
 tender . 
 my heart swelled in my chest , and i never felt more right about anything in my life . 
 i loved james hunt . 
 `` are you ready to eat ? '' 
 he 'd said the words , but was n't ready for a long conversation and analysis of our options . 
 neither was i. i wanted to hold tight to the magic words , be with him , and not think of the future . 
 so , i climbed off him and put out my hand . 
 james wrapped his fingers in mine and took me downstairs . 
 things would never be the same between us . 
 and i was glad . 
 chapter seventeen thursday yeah . 
 it was official . 
 i was whipped . 
 i watched quinn chatter on the phone with her friend cassie , going over their arrangements for their flight in case they did n't hook up before . 
 since i confessed i loved her , we had n't left the house . 
 we spent hours in bed , trying to top my record of how many orgasms i could wring out of her , and ordered in food so we did n't have to break our rhythm . 
 we swam , napped , and took long walks around the villa , but never ventured out to the bars or beaches or even the boat . 
 i did n't want to lose any time . 
 i fixed her a sex on the beach and realized our week was almost up . 
 she flew out saturday afternoon , and neither of us wanted to try to figure out what we were gon na do . 
 she had a year of school left . 
 i was still a walking mess , with no future opportunity or job in sight . 
 did i really want to follow her off to chicago like a puppy dog when i had nothing to offer ? 
 would a long-distance relationship work ? 
 my mind buzzed with endless thoughts and worries , giving me a headache . 
 i did n't want to ruin a minute of her company , but we needed to have a serious talk . 
 it was the third night in a row i had the same dream about her . 
 we stood by the water , and quinn reached her hands toward me . 
 a small smile rested on her lips , and sparks of sunlight shot and reflected off the water , blinding me . 
 i wanted to take her hands , but i was never able to lift my arms , and then she disappeared . 
 i called out over and over , but it was too late . 
 she was gone . 
 i hoped to god it was n't an omen . 
 rich had called me a few times , giving me shit about canceling the parties , and begging me to meet them at the bar tonight . 
 i never answered . 
 i 'd be happy staying home with quinn and trying to make sense of how i could make this work . 
 the idea of losing her made me sick , but i needed to know if she was ready to commit , even if we were apart for a while . 
 she came out of the kitchen , phone in hand , and smiled at me . 
 her casual white cotton skirt paired with a hot pink striped tank top gave her a beachy casual look i loved . 
 especially when i ripped off her clothes and she became anything but . 
 she was a hellcat in bed , giving me everything she had . 
 i 'd never known sex could be so intimate and raw and real . 
 it was like i was waking up after years of sleep walking through life . 
 `` cassie and mac may hit captain 's cove for a quick drink tonight . 
 wan na stop in ? '' 
 hmm , the same bar rich and adam were going to tonight . 
 `` sure , if you want . 
 what time ? '' 
 `` we left it loose . 
 i 'll check in with them later . 
 is that for me ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 i handed her the drink and she sighed with pleasure . 
 her skin glowed with sun and hopefully from all the orgasms i 'd given her . 
 quinn melted the moment i touched her . 
 that type of power invigorated me , made me feel like a god , and i could n't keep my hands off her . 
 i stroked her arm as she sipped her cocktail . 
 `` what do you want to do today ? '' 
 she turned her head and cupped my cheek . 
 her inky dark eyes gleamed with emotion . 
 `` i 'd love to go out on the boat one last time , '' she said with a husky hitch to her voice . 
 `` go to the bar for an hour . 
 then come home . 
 here . '' 
 home . 
 the word sounded so sweet from her lips , yet so lonely when i thought of her getting on the plane . 
 i pressed a kiss to her knuckles and smiled . 
 `` you got it . 
 finish your drink and we 'll go . '' 
 we sailed for a few hours while i taught her some basics of boating 101 . 
 her hair whipped around her face and she laughed when she almost got whacked by the sail in an attempt to show off her beginner skills . 
 i kicked her back to the bench so she did n't get hurt , and turned on some music . 
 her horrible rendition of lady gaga was a nightmare , but that was just another thing i adored . 
 a woman who could n't carry a tune was on my list of go-to traits . 
 she 'd never dump me in her quest for american idol . 
 a brand-new patch of red on her arms made me call out her name . 
 `` you 're burning again . 
 i have some extra lotion in the closet there . '' 
 she nodded and poked around in large compartment . 
 `` toward the back , '' i directed . 
 she dropped to a squatting position , so i figured the bottle had fallen off the shelf and rolled toward the back . 
 stretching out , her ass lifted in the air as her hand reached . 
 and then i spotted the perfect lines of a lacy white thong against her skirt . 
 oh . 
 fuck . 
 i hardened instantly . 
 jesus , i had n't seen her in a thong yet . 
 did n't think she was the type to wear one . 
 quinn straightened up with the lotion in her hand , no idea that my lust factor had just hit the top of the charts . 
 the cheerful-striped tank only made me feel dirtier knowing what lay beneath the innocent outfit . 
 quinn in a thong . 
 kill me now . 
 i decided to have fun and see if she followed my lead . 
 so far , she liked a few sexy games between us , and i was dying to see if i could push . 
 i marched over to her as she settled on the bench and opened the top of the bottle . 
 she peered up from behind her bangs and frowned . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i made my voice sound low and demanding . 
 `` what 's underneath your skirt ? '' 
 her mouth opened into a little o and a blush of pink touched her cheeks . 
 `` underwear , '' she said . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` you 're wearing a thong . '' 
 she gasped . 
 `` oh my god , how did you know ? 
 could you see my underwear through the skirt ? '' 
 i tried not to laugh as she jumped up and twisted around , trying to see if she could spot any lines through the white fabric . 
 she chewed madly on her lower lip . 
 `` i hate wearing white , but this seemed like it was thick enough , and i did n't see anything in the mirror , so i figured a thong would be the best thing to wear with white and-l '' `` take it off , quinn . '' 
 she froze . 
 i kept my face firm , gaze trained on hers to see if i was freaking her out or if she liked it . 
 the quick flare of interest and lust told me she enjoyed the hell out of that command . 
 hmm , interesting . 
 `` take off what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 her voice sounded like a weak newborn kitten . 
 `` the thong . 
 reach under your skirt and take it off . '' 
 i paused . 
 `` now . '' 
 her breath came quick , and i watched her ni ** les tighten against her flimsy bra . 
 i was so hard i had a difficult time keeping my sanity , but i was getting used to that state around quinn . 
 i wondered if she 'd obey or laugh it off . 
 i decided to wait her out . 
 i folded my arms , a deep command in my eyes , and holy shit , she gave up a shuddering sigh and began lifting her skirt . 
 the ground swayed beneath my feet and had nothing to do with the sailboat . 
 i watched the white fabric hitch up above her knees so i got a glimpse of white lace , then she hooked her thumbs on the side and pulled them off . 
 stepped out of them with grace and held the balled-up panties in her hand . 
 `` here you go . '' 
 i grabbed them . 
 brought them to my nose and sniffed . 
 her musky scent ripped through my senses and my sanity . 
 her pupils dilated so her eyes turned a seething black . 
 that 's when i lost it . 
 i grabbed her , devouring her mouth like my last meal , and she exploded in my arms in a mass of soft , melty heat . 
 hands grabbing , nails digging , i pushed up her skirt and dove my fingers into wet heat , curving them the way she liked and hitting her favorite spot . 
 she bucked and moaned , and i eased her to the ground , forcing her on her hands and knees . 
 quinn panted hard , her ass high in the air , bare to my gaze now that i took away her underwear . 
 i was n't going to last . 
 i ripped open my shorts , sprang free , and covered myself quickly with a condom . 
 dragging my fingers across her dripping slit , i teased her as i got myself ready , raised myself up , and pushed between her open thighs . 
 mine . 
 silky wet heat closed around me like a fist . 
 she cried out when i moved , going deep , and i reached around to yank down her tank and play with her br ** sts . 
 rubbing her hard ni ** les , i took her like an animal , and she loved it , bucking and meeting me with every thrust , crying out my name until i felt her shatter around my dick and milk me hard . 
 `` i love you , james ! 
 i love you , love you ... '' the words sang in my ears and my balls tightened and i came , my body shaking with the force of my release . 
 i pumped until i shot the last drops , turned her around and took her in my arms . 
 she was still shuddering , and i rubbed her back . 
 `` what are we going to do ? '' 
 she asked , her eyes filling with tears . 
 i kissed her slow and gentle as i wiped a tear from her cheek with my thumb . 
 `` i love you , baby . 
 we 'll work it out . 
 i just found you , and i 'll be damned if i 'm ever letting you go . '' 
 she relaxed in my arms as if we had settled the looming question clouding our happiness . 
 `` okay , '' she whispered . 
 we snuggled for a while , until we straightened our clothes and i checked on our direction . 
 `` i need my underwear , '' she stated , holding out her hand . 
 i gave her a wolfish grin . 
 `` hell no . 
 i 'm keeping them . '' 
 `` you ca n't do that ! 
 people will know ! '' 
 i laughed . 
 erotic siren to blushing schoolgirl . 
 perfect . 
 `` nope . 
 i 'll keep it hidden and no one will know . '' 
 i demonstrated , pushing the lacy fabric deep into my pocket . 
 `` when we 're at the bar , you 'll be thinking of all the bad things i could be doing to you . '' 
 she chewed her lip . 
 `` oh my god , i ca n't . '' 
 `` you do n't have a choice , baby . 
 now let 's get docked and head over to captain crow 's . 
 the earlier we get there , the earlier i can get you back home where you belong . '' 
 i loved the contradictory emotions that skittered across her features . 
 she was completely turned on , but enough of a good girl to be shocked by such behavior . 
 finally , she seemed to accept she had no choice , but her gaze strayed to my pocket , as if she was nervous . 
 perfect . 
 she 'd be thinking of me all night , even in the bar , and that ' s exactly what i wanted . 
 my possessive streak ran long and deep when it came to quinn . 
 the idea of her flirting with anyone other than me made me want to rip off a guy 's face . 
 not very civilized . 
 i 'd never experienced such intensity with a woman . 
 she seemed to bring out a bunch of raw emotions i never knew i had , and i was still trying to maneuver through the new shit i was feeling . 
 as i began to dock the boat and get ready to hit captain crow 's , i wish i had known the future . 
 if i had , i would 've kept sailing and avoided the damn bar at all costs . 
 instead , i took her hand , led her off the boat , and hit duval street . 
 biggest mistake of my life . 
 chapter eighteen the bar was packed . 
 skimpily-clad bodies grouped together , jimmy buffett blasted from the speakers , and groups claimed the large tables with pitchers of alcohol covering every inch of the battered wood . 
 a loud whooping hit my ears , and my crew began chanting my name from the back . 
 funny , it always seemed flattering before , but now i realized how shallow the shit really was . 
 `` do you see your friends ? '' 
 i shouted over the noise . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` not yet . '' 
 `` we 'll keep a lookout . 
 for now , let me introduce you . '' 
 she squeezed my hand and i returned the pressure . 
 i figured we 'd stay for a drink , quinn would connect with her friends , and we 'd get our asses the hell out of here and back to bed . 
 where we belonged . 
 we weaved our way toward the back of the bar , and i quickly introduced her to rich and adam . 
 they gave her a quick once-over , as if they could n't understand why i was so into her , but finally grinned and made light conversation . 
 the waitress was by my side in a few seconds and rich ordered a pitcher of tequila , clapping me on the shoulder . 
 `` you got this round , right , dude ? '' 
 whatever . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` you 're the best . 
 hey , hope you had a better time this week than we did . 
 things got pretty f ** ked up since you backed out of our plans . '' 
 adam jumped right in . 
 `` dude , i mean , i respect your decision to cancel-it 's your house-but we took a lot of shit . 
 i had a bunch of guys flying in just to crash at your place and party hard . 
 i looked like an ass ** le . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 i was so done with this shit . 
 `` sorry . 
 but i told you , i 'm done . 
 those guys could 've flown in and stayed with you . '' 
 quinn interrupted . 
 `` sorry , guys , it was my fault . 
 i wanted to sightsee , so i dragged him around all day . '' 
 my heart did a wimpy flip-flop at her attempt to defend me . 
 `` sightseeing , huh ? '' 
 rich slurred . 
 `` is that what they 're calling it ? '' 
 `` shut up , rich , '' i warned . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i 'm kinda drunk . '' 
 quinn forced a smile . 
 `` no problem . 
 hey , i see cassie over there . 
 i 'm gon na say hello , be right back . '' 
 she pressed a kiss to my lips . 
 `` i 'll get you a sex on the beach , '' i said . 
 `` perfect . 
 thanks . '' 
 i watched her walk away and when i turned back , it was like the shit hit the literal fan . 
 suddenly , i was confronted by a bunch of drunk , revved-up guys who got in my face and began giving me crap . 
 `` dude , please tell me this thing between you guys is over . 
 did you do her ? 
 tomorrow 's the deadline , you know . 
 is that why you canceled the party ? 
 so you can look good to her ? '' 
 i clenched my fists as the anger hit . 
 adam 's lewd comments were getting to me , bad , and it was time to put an end to insulting quinn . 
 `` the bet is off . 
 take my bike . 
 i could n't care less . 
 i 'm involved with her now . '' 
 rich frowned . 
 `` so you did f ** k her . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 the idea of them tainting our connection by talking about sex made me nuts . 
 better to get them off the scent . 
 `` we never slept together . 
 but i 'm into her and hoping for something more permanent . '' 
 the guys looked like i had announced i was g * y. `` you 're kidding , right ? '' 
 `` fuck off . 
 i 'm done with you guys . '' 
 i made a motion to leave , but they jumped in fast . 
 `` okay , okay ! 
 fine , we 'll back off . 
 we just never heard that from you before , bro . 
 had no idea you wanted more than a night here and there . 
 you gon na follow her back to her home ? 
 try and be her boyfriend ? 
 get a job and all that shit ? '' 
 the words hit my reality barrier and got me nervous . 
 what was i going to do ? 
 jump on a plane and cheerlead her on in her final year of college ? 
 get work in chicago ? 
 meet her dad ? 
 it all swirled together in a burst of images i had n't really thought out . 
 or at least , i had n't wanted to . 
 she had studies and two jobs . 
 a father . 
 close friends . 
 i had nothing . 
 i gritted my teeth and tried to be cool . 
 `` we 'll work it out . '' 
 `` sure , man , sure . '' 
 adam and rich stared at me , their expressions saying i was fooling myself . 
 they knew me well . 
 knew my background as the mayor of loserville and playboy extraordinaire . 
 no wonder they were skeptical . 
 `` i 'm gon na get quinn her drink . '' 
 i reached into my pocket for my wallet and some dude behind me-jack was it ? 
 - bumped into me , laughing hysterically and clutching at my jeans to steady himself . 
 `` james ! 
 sorry , sorry , you buying us another round ? 
 you 're the man ! 
 here , let me help . '' 
 `` i got it . '' 
 i tried to push him away , but he grabbed for my wallet and a flimsy piece of white lace got torn out with the black leather . 
 i tried to shove it quickly back in my pocket , but adam spotted it and with a low whistle , tore it out of my hands . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 he held up the thong and hooted with laughter . 
 `` holy shit ! 
 nice work , hunt ! 
 why you denying you scored when you got the proof in hand ? '' 
 in slow motion , i watched the events unfold and slide out of my control . 
 `` hey , give them back now . '' 
 he threw them to rich , who cheered and stretched them out . 
 `` nice ! 
 i guess you 'll be having an appointment with whit bennigan after all ! '' 
 `` i swear to god , if you do n't give them back , i 'm going to kick your ass , '' i said coldly . 
 rage shook through my body . 
 how could i have chosen friends like this ? 
 they had no character or motivation for anything better in life . 
 `` calm down , dude . 
 it 's not like your girlfriend is being faithful anyway . 
 she 's completely into the bartender . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 his answer distracted me , so i whipped around and found her stretched over the bar . 
 laughing . 
 the bartender whispered something in her ear that made her blush a bit , and then he slid her a drink . 
 they spoke in an intimate manner , heads close , and she nodded . 
 the room faded . 
 all i could see was the woman i loved flirting with some tattooed bartender . 
 what the hell was going on ? 
 why would she be putting herself out to a stranger after what we shared ? 
 was this a joke to her ? 
 a spring break fling , while she whispered words of love and laughed her ass off on the plane to her girlfriends ? 
 poor little rich boy , so desperate for affection . 
 he actually believed they 'd have a long-term relationship , and she felt bad enough to jolly him along . 
 at least she got a good f ** k out of it . 
 or two . 
 all of my weaknesses , insecurities , and fears reared up like a sleeping dragon and roared . 
 fire hit and spread , burning away the last of my illusions . 
 i was a pu ** y. stupid . 
 so stupid to believe in her . 
 i turned around . 
 my friends were still talking . 
 `` you won the bet fair and square . 
 god knows she 's a cold fish , so you must 've warmed her up a bit to hit her next conquest . 
 no worries , james . 
 we got your back . 
 you do n't want to get attached to a girl like that . '' 
 ice crystallized my voice . 
 `` i 'm done with all of you and your sick games . 
 fuck you . '' 
 `` why are you being such a pu ** y ? 
 you nailed her , you won the bet fair and square , and i 'm gon na pay up . '' 
 `` give me the goddamn panties now , '' i commanded . 
 `` now that you satisfied your curiosity , can we move on ? 
 we can hold another party saturday night . 
 it 's not too late , '' adam called out . 
 `` so it was a bet ? '' 
 the room tilted . 
 the rush of noise grew still . 
 i slowly turned around . 
 her husky voice stroked me , like her warm hand sliding over my dick and making me come . 
 those gorgeous brown eyes flashed with raw pain , but turned cold and hard so fast i thought i had imagined the switch . 
 i knew i had f ** ked up . 
 `` quinn , this is n't what you think . '' 
 and as the words spilled from my lips , i knew it was too late . 
 chapter nineteen i left the guys glaring at my back and wondered how much longer we 'd have to stay . 
 i could n't understand how such ass ** les were james ' close friends . 
 he was so much better than that . 
 my thighs brushed against each other and the decadence of not having panties shimmered through me . 
 who would 've thought such things as removing underwear would be so frickin ' erotic ? 
 i loved how james did n't allow my shyness to hold me back . 
 with him , i became the woman i 'd always wanted to be : confident , sexy , smart . 
 not the practical , nice workaholic who put everybody else first . 
 i squeezed in by the bar and tapped cassie 's shoulder . 
 she turned and gave me a hug and kiss . 
 `` i have n't seen you since tuesday . 
 you good ? '' 
 `` very good . 
 just wanted to let you know i 'm hanging over there with james and his crew . '' 
 she narrowed her gaze . 
 `` the ivy leaguers , huh ? 
 they like their beer and tequila . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` yep . 
 have you seen mac ? '' 
 `` nope , but her hottie is working at the bar . '' 
 i looked over and caught tat guy-austin-slinging drinks and chatting with the customers . 
 `` i 'm gon na check with him , maybe he knows where she 's been . 
 she 's not answering her texts . '' 
 cassie frowned . 
 `` you think she 's in trouble ? '' 
 `` nah , she would 've called . 
 i think she 's up to something and got distracted . 
 maybe she 's writing a song or something . 
 she always loses track of time when she 's writing . '' 
 `` good thinking . 
 you like him ? '' 
 cassie jerked her head toward james . 
 i smiled . 
 `` yeah . 
 a lot . 
 tell you later . '' 
 `` deal . 
 just be careful , okay ? 
 remember , no drinks from someone you do n't know . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` cass , i was the one who warned you when we first came on the trip , remember ? 
 besides , we pinky promised . 
 you 've been fine , right ? '' 
 she hesitated just a moment , her gray eyes flashing with an emotion i could n't name . 
 `` never better . 
 go talk to hot guy and get back to yours . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i shifted down to the middle of the bar where i saw an inch of a gap to make my move . 
 using my elbows , i got close and held up my hand . 
 damn . 
 mac 's man was quite good looking , especially with the ink . 
 the fact he could sing was also perfect . 
 i opened my mouth to introduce myself , but he must have recognized me . 
 his eyes lit up and leaned over the bar , ignoring the other patrons . 
 `` quinn , right ? 
 mac 's friend ? '' 
 `` yes ! 
 austin , right ? '' 
 `` you got it . '' 
 `` listen , i have n't been able to reach mac . 
 she okay ? '' 
 something flickered over his face , but he nodded . 
 `` yeah . 
 she 's been holed up in her room for a bit . '' 
 the meaning of that was quite clear . 
 mac was having fun in more ways than one . 
 nice . 
 `` got it . 
 can you just tell her to call me when she 's got a chance ? 
 i 'm not at the hotel-i 'm staying somewhere else tonight , so i do n't want her to worry if she comes to my door . '' 
 his brows drew together . 
 `` with that guy ? '' 
 he motioned toward james and his friends . 
 `` i may have to cut them off . 
 never went through so much tequila in my life , and they get a little over the top when they get together . '' 
 embarrassment shot through me . 
 i hated that austin assumed james was an idiot . 
 `` i think that 's a good idea . 
 but do n't tell them i confirmed . '' 
 he leaned in really far so he could whisper in my ear . 
 `` smart girl . 
 thanks for the heads-up . '' 
 i grinned . 
 he really was a charmer . 
 if i was n't so gaga over james , i probably would have swooned . 
 `` welcome . '' 
 `` listen , quinn . 
 about mac . '' 
 my heart dropped . 
 `` is she okay ? '' 
 he looked uncomfortable , as if debating whether or not to tell me . 
 `` there was some trouble . 
 paps found out about us . 
 she needs you . '' 
 i cursed viciously . 
 what the hell ? 
 my eyes narrowed . 
 `` was it you ? '' 
 he glared right back . 
 `` fuck no . 
 but believe what you want . 
 i do n't need this shit . '' 
 he turned away , but i grabbed his wrist and stopped him . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i-i believe you . 
 is she at the hotel ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 surrounded by the press . 
 we were on tmz . 
 fucking shit . '' 
 `` crap . 
 okay , i 'm heading over there now to check on her . '' 
 `` why do you believe me ? '' 
 i looked into his face and i did n't know . 
 just a gut instinct . 
 maybe because it was the easiest thing to believe . 
 did n't necessarily make it true . 
 `` do n't know . 
 just do . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 wait here . '' 
 he disappeared for a few moments , then came back with a sex on the beach . 
 `` take one for the road . 
 mac said it 's your signature drink . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 he lowered his voice to an intimate pitch . 
 `` thanks for believing me . '' 
 yep . 
 swoonworthy . 
 i nodded and headed back toward james . 
 i 'd need to meet him at the house later maybe , depending on what mac needed . 
 poor thing . 
 she deserved to lead a normal life and not deal with this endless bullshit . 
 james had his back turned toward me and was hissing furiously at his friend . 
 whoa . 
 he was really pissed , and did n't seem to be fooling around . 
 i tried to capture his words , but the music was too loud , so i got only snatches as i moved closer . '' 
 - won the bet-fair and square - '' `` cold fish-must 've warmed her up-next conquest - '' `` attached to a girl like that - '' '' - fuck you - '' worried , i hurried faster and had just reached the table when a flash of white caught my vision . 
 adam was waving it over his head , grinning , and rich and james were going at it , cursing and arguing over something . 
 why did that thing adam was holding look so familiar ? 
 delicate , lacy ? 
 oh . 
 my . 
 god . 
 my thong . 
 the true dialogue swarmed around me in a world close to alice in wonderland . 
 the blood drained from my body like a husk from a fatal vampire bite . 
 the room swayed under my feet . 
 and at the same time , the inner voice whispered to me that i should 've known . 
 should 've known . 
 should 've freaking known . 
 it had all been too good to be true . 
 `` so it was about a bet ? '' 
 i asked . 
 all the guys turned . 
 adam lowered my panties and gave them back to james , looking a bit humbled . 
 rich stared . 
 and james pinned me with his hot blue gaze , piercing past my defenses and touching my core . 
 but this time , my core was icy . 
 numb . 
 better this way , i told myself . 
 the pain would come later , and that would be a bitch to get through . 
 `` quinn . 
 this is n't what you think . '' 
 i tilted my head as if we were having a philosophical conversation . 
 i whipped out my hand and took back my panties , studying them with fake curiosity . 
 `` are we revisiting sixteen candles ? 
 did you need proof ? '' 
 he muttered something vile under his breath and took a step forward . 
 i jumped back . 
 if he touched me , i 'd be sick . 
 i needed to get myself through this scene , calm and civilized , so he 'd never know how badly he hurt me . 
 he did n't get to know that ever . 
 `` you do n't get it . 
 forget the bet . 
 what 's going on with the bartender ? '' 
 puzzled , i stared at him . 
 my god , was that what it was about ? 
 he made a bet to get me into bed and thought he 'd whipped me good to parade me in front of his friends . 
 was he taking flak from his buddies about me flirting with the bartender ? 
 the pieces of the puzzle came together . 
 i felt even sicker . 
 hands trembling , i put down my drink and drew on every last reserve of strength to get the hell out of this place in one piece . 
 `` austin ? '' 
 he sneered . 
 `` so quick to get on a first-name basis . 
 guess i got taken in by the good girl image . 
 figured you 'd sneak in an extra fling before you go home ? 
 another conquest for you to laugh about with your girls on the plane ride home ? '' 
 he did n't even realize i saw him so clearly . 
 he 'd fallen for me , but he was too chickenshit to admit it . 
 much easier to think i 'd screw around with other guys than deal with a real relationship . 
 he had no idea what real was . 
 and dear god , he 'd made a bet ... my voice remained calm . 
 `` you 'd love that would n't you ? 
 it would make you feel superior , and ease your guilt about making a bet to get me into bed . 
 what were the terms , by the way ? '' 
 `` never mind , '' he growled . 
 i directed my attention to rich and adam . 
 `` tell me the truth . 
 for god 's sakes , the jig is up . 
 might as well spill . '' 
 rich was drunk enough to listen to me . 
 `` get you into bed by the end of the week . 
 if he lost , we got his motorcycle . '' 
 humiliation slithered like snakes in my gut . 
 `` and if he won ? '' 
 rich cleared his throat . 
 `` we hook him up with whit bennigan as his mentor . 
 he 's a famous artist . '' 
 i 'd heard the name and knew he was making a huge reputation in the art world . 
 i forced a smile . 
 `` well , good , at least you got something respectable out of it . 
 i do wish you luck with your art career . 
 i better go and leave you all to celebrate . '' 
 james grabbed my arm . 
 his touch sizzled , but i bared my teeth , not able to handle the contact . 
 `` do n't . 
 i was never gon na go through with it . '' 
 i tried to control my shaking . 
 `` oh , i get it . 
 you never actually said the words to your buddies , ` yes , it 's a bet . ' 
 did you ? '' 
 silence . 
 `` did you say it , james ? 
 tell me . '' 
 `` i-i-i . 
 fuck . 
 i said it , but i did n't mean it . '' 
 my blood ran cold . 
 `` got it . 
 thanks for the clarification . 
 now let go of me . '' 
 he dropped his hand and looked frantic , pushing his hands through his hair . 
 `` please , quinn , it 's not what you think . 
 the bet . 
 i never went through with it . 
 who 's austin ? '' 
 oh no . 
 it was n't going to be that easy for him . 
 i smiled . 
 `` a friend . 
 he 's cutting off your tequila , by the way , so you may need to find another party place . '' 
 adam waved his hand in the air and began laughing . 
 `` let her go , james . 
 she 's probably like her famous friend , mackenzie forbes . 
 puts on a good act , but screws everyone behind the scenes . '' 
 the second jolt of horror punched me back . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 how do you know about her ? '' 
 the betrayal was too much . 
 the bet was bad enough , but breaking my trust was beyond forgiveness . 
 adam laughed harder . 
 `` did you really think you could hide america 's sweetheart ? 
 she 's a country music star . 
 at least i got some money out of it . '' 
 i shook with fury . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` oh my god . 
 was it you ? 
 you sicced the reporters on her ? '' 
 `` just one . 
 got a good payoff though . '' 
 james grabbed him by his shirt collar and shook him hard . 
 `` what the f ** k did you do , adam ? '' 
 `` get off me , dude . 
 you 're nuts ! '' 
 he stumbled back . 
 `` i 'll put you in the cut of money if you want . 
 damn , you 're so f ** king touchy lately . '' 
 james met my gaze . 
 his eyes pleaded for me to understand . 
 `` i never told them , quinn , '' he stated . 
 `` i swear to god . '' 
 it was too much . 
 too many lies to take . 
 i needed to escape before i burst into tears . 
 `` it does n't matter anymore . 
 i 'm outta here . '' 
 `` quinn - '' `` do n't follow me , james . 
 i mean it . '' 
 i turned and pushed my way past the crowds . 
 i stumbled out on duval street , but i 'd only taken a few steps before someone grabbed by arm . 
 i yanked away , trying to beat james off me , but the sound of cassie 's voice broke through . 
 `` sweetie , it 's me . 
 what happened ? 
 oh god , are you okay ? '' 
 a sob caught in my throat , and suddenly , i was in my friend 's arms for a comforting hug . 
 `` he made a bet , cass . 
 a bet to get me into bed , and i had no idea . 
 i thought i 'd fallen for him . '' 
 a blistering array of curse words rose up to my ears . 
 cassie squeezed me tight . 
 `` i 'll kill him . 
 wait here and i 'll be right back . '' 
 a broken laugh escaped and i hung on to her . 
 `` no , he 's not worth it . 
 oh god , i 'm a mess . 
 and there 's more . 
 his stupid friend blabbed about mac to the press . 
 the paparazzi are swarming her right now-austin tipped me off . 
 mac probably thinks he did it , but it was james . 
 did you know about this ? '' 
 cassie pulled back and gasped . 
 `` this is a mess . 
 no , i have n't heard anything yet . 
 what should we do ? '' 
 i sniffed and tried to get my head on straight . 
 my heart was already in tiny pieces , but i needed to concentrate on my friend . 
 `` listen , i 'm going up to her room . 
 austin said she was holed up . '' 
 cassie looked worried and glanced back at the bar like there was something important going on . 
 or someone . 
 `` want me to come with you ? '' 
 `` no , stay . 
 i do n't think mac needs both of swooping in if she 's trying to lay low . 
 and i need some time to process . '' 
 she looked torn , and shifted from foot to foot . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i hate leaving both of you alone when all this stuff is going on . '' 
 i squeezed her hands . 
 `` cassie , go back to the bar . 
 for god 's sakes , one of us has to have a good wrap-up to this week . 
 i 'll check in with mac and we 'll be fine . 
 text us later . '' 
 `` sure ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 we hugged briefly . 
 i made her promise not to kill james or his friends , and i headed back to the hotel to find out what the hell was going on . 
 when i saw the news trucks and the crowds clogging the hotel , my heart sank . 
 too late . 
 poor mac was probably trapped inside and could n't get back out . 
 i had to show my key to the lobby , and then make my way past her bodyguard , who let me right through . 
 mac 's eyes widened when she saw me . 
 i probably looked like a mess . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` yeah . 
 i think . 
 what the hell is going on , sweetie ? 
 why did n't you tell me about getting busted by the pap ? '' 
 she dragged me into the room . 
 `` i could n't deal . 
 i wanted you to have a nice vacation and not worry about me . '' 
 i dragged in a breath and just blurted out the truth . 
 `` austin did n't leak the news . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i mean , i thought he did at first , but then i realized i was wrong . 
 but it was too late . '' 
 mac blinked back tears . 
 `` how did you know about it ? '' 
 i lifted my chin . 
 `` it was me . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` really funny . '' 
 `` i 'm not kidding . 
 i did n't actually do it , but i might as well have . '' 
 i collapsed on the couch and covered my face with my hands . 
 `` i told james about you . 
 told him i was here with you . 
 i trusted him , and his friend ... he did it . '' 
 mac sat down beside me and rubbed my back . 
 `` james told them ? '' 
 `` no . 
 james ' buddy . 
 dickhead adam . '' 
 i uncovered my face . 
 `` he must have been eavesdropping ... or maybe james told him . 
 i do n't even know . '' 
 `` it 's okay . 
 that 's not your fault . '' 
 i shook her head . 
 `` but it is . 
 i told james . 
 if i had n't told him , then you 'd - '' `` i 'd still be me , and chances are ? 
 someone else would have figured it out , '' she stated . 
 `` it was only a matter of time , really . '' 
 `` mac ... '' i hugged her close and kissed her cheek . 
 `` thanks for not being pissed . 
 you 're too good to me . '' 
 `` please . 
 i 'm not good enough . '' 
 she released me . 
 `` you did n't do anything to be ashamed of . 
 all you did was trust a boy ... '' `` and look where that got me . '' 
 `` all three of us made a mess of things down here , did n't we ? 
 what happened to carefree sex and fun ? 
 was n't that what i ordered us all to find ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 i shrugged and tried not to think of james . 
 of how bad i still wanted him . 
 of how stupid i felt to trust him . 
 `` maybe the two do n't go hand in hand . '' 
 she got up and cracked open a bottle of wine . 
 `` i think we need this , and you 're going to tell me everything as we get drunk together and talk about how much boys suck . 
 deal ? '' 
 i let out a half laugh . 
 `` i think i can agree to that . 
 let me text cassie and let her know we 're okay . 
 i ran out on her , told her about the press , and left her alone . 
 someone has to save this vacation . '' 
 `` good thinking . '' 
 we spent the next hour drinking wine and confessing our escapades from the past few days . 
 i cried on her shoulder , she returned the favor , and when i finally crawled back to my own room , i felt a bit better . 
 i was still torn between wanting to die and wanting to kill him , so i decided to do the only thing left where i did n't have to think . 
 i curled underneath the blankets , still dressed , and fell asleep . 
 chapter twenty she fucking left me . 
 i stared at the closed door . 
 the room swayed like i was a polluted drunk , but i did n't move . 
 rich slapped me on the back and told me it was better this way . 
 adam apologized for springing the mac thing on me , then offered me some of the money . 
 rich said he 'd set up the appointment with whit bennigan . 
 i was in a fog for a while . 
 just sat there , going over the incident in my head , knowing i f ** ked up , but not knowing how to fix it . 
 every way i looked at it , i felt completely beneath her , not worthy to be the one she loved . 
 but to let her go , believing she was nothing to me ? 
 i could n't let her go like this . 
 my attention drifted toward cassie , who stared at me with such hate i figured she 'd like to rip my dick off for fun . 
 she 'd run out after quinn , but now she was back . 
 why ? 
 because quinn laughed off the whole thing and did n't need her ? 
 i was so f ** ked up . 
 the moment she found out about the bet , i should 've dropped to my knees and begged her to let me explain . 
 especially about the thong . 
 but no . 
 all i could think of was the asshat bartender who probably deserved her more than i did . 
 i got so jealous i went apeshit , and now i may have lost her for good . 
 quinn would n't f ** k with a guy 's head for fun . 
 then adam had to go and make her believe i betrayed her . 
 jesus , this was like a psycho tv show that was way worse than the walking fucking dead . 
 i needed to get my shit together and find her . 
 make her understand that i was sorry , that i would n't hurt her , that i 'd do anything to make it up to her . 
 force her to understand i 'd never betray her trust and i was n't the one to tell adam about mackenzie . 
 i walked away while the guys called out my name and begged me to return . 
 when the door shut behind me , i knew it was symbolic . 
 i was done . 
 no matter what happened between quinn and me , there 'd be no more parties , or villas in key west , or fake friends who did n't even know who i was . 
 i needed to start over and find a life for myself that was real . 
 i knew she 'd be at the hotel . 
 it did n't take me long to walk there , but even though i had her name and room number , they would n't let me into the building without a keycard . 
 the news reporters were jacked up for a sniff of mac , and it was a shitstorm . 
 after a good forty minutes of staking out the hotel , i did what i do best : took one of the back doors , pressed a crapload of money into the hotel guard 's hands , and got through . 
 the stairwell took me to her floor , and i thanked god i did n't have to try to get to the penthouse , which would be mission fucking impossible . 
 i knocked on quinn 's door . 
 i figured she may not answer , but i 'd wait outside her door until she had to leave . 
 `` quinn . '' 
 i knocked firmly . 
 `` it 's me . 
 please open up . 
 i need to talk to you . '' 
 the silence rolled on . 
 `` quinn . 
 you deserve to know the whole truth before you get on that damn plane . 
 i 'll answer all your questions . 
 please . '' 
 silence . 
 `` i 'm staying out here all night if i have to . 
 i 'll follow you to the airport , and wo n't leave your side until you give me a few minutes . 
 please . '' 
 the door swung open . 
 i stepped into the room and my heart lurched . 
 her beautiful eyes were swollen and red from crying . 
 tendrils of hair stuck to her cheeks , and her clothes were wrinkled , like she 'd just gotten out of bed . 
 a tight burning squeezed my chest until i felt close to tears myself . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , baby , '' i whispered . 
 `` i f ** ked up . 
 i never meant to hurt you . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 she shuddered and walked to the side table to grab a bottle of water . 
 she took a few sips and finally met my gaze . 
 `` tell me about the bet . '' 
 i stood before her , ashamed , and told her the whole truth . 
 `` i was knocked out when i first saw you . 
 sexually attracted and intrigued . 
 the guys were acting stupid , saying it would be impossible to get you into bed , and offered me a bet . 
 get you into bed by friday and get proof . 
 i agreed , but you have to believe me , quinn , i cared nothing about the bet . 
 the moment i talked to you , the wager went out of my head . 
 it was always about you and getting close to you . 
 midweek , the guys called and asked me , and i told them the bet was off . '' 
 `` did you tell them we slept together ? '' 
 she asked . 
 her hands wrapped around her stomach like she was trying to support herself . 
 all i wanted was to take her into my arms and comfort her , but i did n't move . 
 she 'd probably give me a right hook if i tried to touch her right now-and i deserved it . 
 `` no . 
 i told them we never slept together , because i could n't handle the crudity . 
 trying to make it about sex when it was more . 
 so much more . '' 
 she pondered my words , staring back at me . 
 hope leaped . 
 she believed me . 
 i could tell in her eyes , she was disappointed but on the verge of accepting my confession as truth . 
 `` what about my underwear ? '' 
 i winced . 
 what a nightmare . 
 `` that had nothing to do with it . 
 i was getting my wallet out , and one of the guys grabbed for it , and your thong slipped out of my pocket . 
 stupid mistake . 
 before i knew it , adam grabbed it and began waving it around . '' 
 `` and the paparazzi ? 
 did you tell adam ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'd never tell your secrets . 
 i never even mentioned mac to adam . 
 he must 've seen her around the island and made the move himself . 
 do you believe me ? '' 
 she spoke very softly . 
 `` yes . '' 
 hope pounded through me . 
 `` i 'll do anything you want , quinn . 
 i just want you to forgive me . '' 
 i held my breath . 
 finally , a sad smile crossed her face . 
 `` i do , james . 
 i forgive you . '' 
 i ached to close the distance between us but something else was wrong . 
 she did n't seem happy , and suddenly , tears filled her eyes . 
 `` baby , please do n't cry . 
 what can i do ? '' 
 i moved toward her , but she jumped back again , and shook her head hard . 
 `` no , do n't come near me . 
 i have to get this out . 
 the bet was stupid and juvenile , but i believe it did n't mean anything to you . 
 but this is much more than that . 
 what about austin ? '' 
 i jerked back . 
 `` what about him ? 
 i admit , i lost it . 
 got jealous . 
 are you going to tell me who he is ? '' 
 `` he 's mac 's guy . 
 only saw him a few times , but i was trying to get a hold of her , so i left him a message to take to her . 
 he warned me about the reporters , so that 's why we were talking . '' 
 i relaxed . 
 thank god . 
 i was right ; she 'd never betray me . 
 `` but you did n't believe me , did you ? 
 you let your friends humiliate me in that bar without saying a word . 
 you got cold and accused me of trying to have more fun . '' 
 shame flowed through me . 
 fuck . 
 what a mess . 
 `` i do n't know what happened . 
 i freaked , but i would 've calmed down eventually . 
 i just needed time to work it through . '' 
 `` it 's more than that , james . '' 
 her voice broke . 
 `` do n't you understand ? 
 you do n't believe in us . 
 how can you , when you ca n't even believe in you ? '' 
 `` that 's ridiculous , of course i believe in us . '' 
 `` no . 
 you 're lost . 
 you deny you 're an artist , surround yourself with people who do n't know who you really are , and go through life thinking it 's enough . 
 you 'd always be worrying if i was about to go on to the next big thing . 
 you do n't trust me . 
 maybe because we did n't get enough time . '' 
 `` do n't say that . 
 i got deeper into you than i ever imagined i could , and it 's more than your body . '' 
 frustration roiled in my gut . 
 i paced the hotel room , needing something to do . 
 `` i trust you . 
 you 're putting ideas and words in my mouth . 
 i want to try this-try a real committed relationship with you . '' 
 `` you 're not ready . '' 
 she lifted her chin , and the tears disappeared . 
 all i saw was a distant , faded image of the woman i loved ; the woman who screamed in my arms as i pounded into her ; the woman who looked at me with her heart in her eyes . 
 `` you need to make some decisions with your life and figure out what you want . 
 you ca n't do that with me at your side . '' 
 the knowledge she was slipping away from me right before my eyes made me crazed . 
 with three long strides , i grabbed her shoulders and leaned over . 
 the heat was still there simmering , the sexual energy an immediate flare , and her eyes darkened in response to my touch . 
 `` am i not good enough for you ? '' 
 i ground out . 
 `` is this what it 's about ? 
 you do n't want me hanging around chicago , messing up your chances to find someone who 's worthy ? '' 
 her face softened , and i knew i 'd lost . 
 `` no , '' she whispered . 
 `` but you do n't believe you 're good enough for me . 
 i ca n't fight that . 
 this is n't going to work , james . '' 
 `` it will . 
 we 'll make it f ** king work . '' 
 i slammed my mouth over hers . 
 my tongue thrust between her lush lips , and i drank her deep and hard , bending her over so i could ravage and plummet every inch of her mouth . 
 she moaned under the assault , and hung on , responding so sweetly and completely i softened the kiss and let the sensations rock through me . 
 i stopped trying to control the kiss , and just let myself feel . 
 and it hurt . 
 she tasted fruity from the cocktails , and her skin heated beneath me . 
 i smelled her arousal , and knew i could easily slip my fingers under her skirt and bring her to orgasm with a few strokes . 
 then she 'd forget . 
 i could make her forget . 
 `` you need to go , '' she managed to get out between kisses . 
 `` let go of me and leave . '' 
 i released her and stumbled back , breathing hard . 
 `` do n't do this , '' i ground out . 
 `` please . '' 
 she crossed her arms in front of her chest and tried to hide her shaking . 
 `` i have to . 
 i 'm going home saturday . 
 figure out what you want . 
 who you are . 
 i ca n't do it for you . '' 
 my heart twisted . 
 `` you 're leaving me ? '' 
 she chewed her lower lip . 
 `` i have to . '' 
 i almost sank to my knees to beg her to stay . 
 i 'd do anything . 
 but then i realized it was too late . 
 in some distant part of my brain , i also realized she was right . 
 i had nothing to offer . 
 i did n't know what i was doing . 
 i needed to let her go . 
 `` i love you , quinn . '' 
 with my words echoing in the air , i left the hotel room . 
 chapter twenty-one friday i 'd lost him . 
 i stayed in my hotel room most of the day by myself . 
 cassie and mac both stopped in to babysit me for a bit , but i shooed them away , wanting to be alone . 
 i stayed out by the balcony , wrapped my arms around my knees , and stared at the rollicking pool scene for hours . 
 i ordered room service , packed , and got ready for the return trip . 
 my phone remained silent . 
 no message from james . 
 no more knocking on my door . 
 he was gone , just like i had requested . 
 it was for the best , but my heart and soul did n't give a crap . 
 i felt broken . 
 how could five lousy days completely change my life ? 
 how would i ever get over him ? 
 day turned into night . 
 night turned into morning . 
 i got ready to get on the plane and go home . 
 i 'd lost her . 
 i stared at the empty bottles of liquor lining the tiki bar . 
 i was already past drunk , but i needed desperately to pass out so i could sleep . 
 her face haunted me . 
 the sound of her voice whispering my name burned my ears . 
 the scent of her sweet , hot pu ** y tortured my sanity . 
 i thought about trying one more time , but already knew it was over . 
 she needed a man who was whole , and i 'd already proved i was a ghost . 
 would i ever figure it out ? 
 would i finally have enough guts to get my shit together ? 
 i did n't know . 
 just realized i was broken without her . 
 day turned into night . 
 i drank . 
 finally i passed out . 
 my last image was quinn standing by the lake , a sad expression on her face as i frantically reached out for her . 
 but it was too late . 
 she turned and disappeared into the sparkling sunlight while i watched her go . 
 epilogue six weeks later `` okay , class dismissed . 
 see you all monday . '' 
 i sighed with relief , closed my books , and began packing up for the weekend . 
 of course , i had two extra shifts at the senior care home , and an intense session for the rehabilitation clinic , but i did n't care . 
 i had n't been sleeping well , and mac and cassie had been giving me crap about decreasing my workload , but i ignored them . 
 it kept me busy . 
 it kept me from remembering . 
 i stared out the window and studied the campus grounds . 
 the temperature had dropped this week and hovered in the low fifties . 
 i missed key west . 
 sometimes , it felt like a magical dream . 
 the sun and sand . 
 the decadence of the numerous sex and the beach drinks . 
 and james . 
 the endless , sweet ecstasy of being held by him , shuddering into orgasm after orgasm . 
 shaking my head firmly , i threw the books in my backpack and headed out . 
 i missed him every day . 
 for the first week , every time my phone rang or beeped , i 'd jump , my heart crazily beating as i checked the screen and prayed it would be him . 
 it never was . 
 after a full month passed hearing nothing , i knew he 'd moved on . 
 without me . 
 i tightened my coat from the chill of the wind and trudged across the main square of the campus . 
 what had i expected ? 
 i 'd told him clearly to get his shit together and that we would n't work . 
 most guys could n't handle such truth , and he probably thought it was the biggest rejection of his life . 
 and it was . 
 but i still loved him . 
 maybe i 'd always love him . 
 i pictured myself ten years from now , studying the paper and finding an article showcasing the new hot artist , james hunt . 
 he 'd be married and happy , long forgetting me , and i 'd be single with lots of cats . 
 ah , hell . 
 get over it , quinn . 
 it was a brief fling and he 'd moved on . 
 maybe he loved me for those few days , but was n't that cliche famous for a reason ? 
 out of sight , out of mind , dude , i said to myself . 
 he 's so over you . 
 `` i prefer absence makes the heart grow fonder , '' a voice drawled . 
 `` still talking to yourself , huh ? '' 
 i whipped around . 
 my backpack dropped to my feet . 
 i gasped . 
 james stood before me . 
 he was gorgeous . 
 dressed in worn , tight jeans , with a leather bomber jacket , his dark curls blew in the wind and fell across his arched brow . 
 those full lips quirked upward in the corner , giving him a bad boy look that had my br ** sts tingling and my core wet in seconds . 
 oh god . 
 if he got near and touched me , i 'd die . 
 even a few feet away , i caught his scent , the gorgeous spicy , musky smell that woke up all my senses . 
 `` wh-what are you doing here ? '' 
 i could n't stop staring and eating him up with my gaze . 
 he seemed to have the same problem . 
 those piercing blue eyes met and held mine in its grip , probing and testing my barriers . 
 his half-smile disappeared . 
 `` i moved here . '' 
 i almost swayed on my feet , dizzy with need and hope . 
 my palms dampened . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` because i love you . 
 because you were right . 
 i did n't know who i was . 
 i 'm still working on it , but i have a plan . 
 i sold the villa in key west and bought a small studio instead . 
 no more parties , just me and my boat and a good sunset . '' 
 my lower lip trembled . 
 `` sounds perfect . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` yeah , it is . 
 i spent some time alone , and decided what i want out of my life . 
 i came up with two main things . '' 
 fear hit me as hard as hope did . 
 the question hovered on my lips , but i was so screwed up , i just kept staring at him , hoping he did n't disappear . 
 please say me , my inner voice begged . 
 please tell me you figured it out so i do n't have to let you go again . 
 finally , i spit out the words before i jumped him . 
 `` what are they ? '' 
 `` art . 
 i enrolled in an art school and got in on my portfolio , not my family name . 
 i got a job in a studio helping kids learn expression through drawing and painting . 
 i rented a workspace in town , my own loft apartment , and now i 'm settling in . '' 
 holy crap , he was n't kidding about figuring out what he wanted . 
 he had it together-and he had n't mentioned me once . 
 my breath came in sharp gasps , and i battled the need to kneel over and suck air from a paper bag . 
 so lame . 
 the love of my life came back and i was on the verge of a panic attack . 
 `` sounds like you 've got it all . 
 what else could you possibly need ? '' 
 i managed to ask . 
 his smile came back , sweet and full of emotion , and vulnerability . 
 `` you , quinn . 
 i need you in my life , in whatever capacity you 're comfortable with . 
 as my lover , my girlfriend , my friend . 
 i 'll take anything i can get . 
 i want time to prove to you who i am , and how we are together when you 're with the real me . 
 the one only you saw in me . '' 
 i swayed on my feet . 
 the man i had fallen in love with was already extraordinary , full of passion , ideals , and tenderness . 
 but the man in front of me today was even stronger-in his confidence and belief in himself . 
 and us . 
 he was everything i ever wanted . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he stared at me . 
 `` what ? 
 just ... yes ? 
 i do n't want to freak you out by moving here and bursting into your life and - '' i rushed into his arms and tackled him . 
 he fell back on the ground , and i kissed him , crawling all over him while he laughed and kissed me back and held me tight . 
 `` yes , '' i said again . 
 `` yes , yes , yes . '' 
 his arms tightened around me . 
 i did n't want him to ever let go . 
 `` ah , christ , i love you . 
 i f ** king love you , quinn , and nearly went out of my mind after you left . 
 but it was worth it . 
 this time , i 'm not letting you go . 
 ever . '' 
 `` good . 
 i love you too , james hunt . '' 
 we rolled around on the grounds of the campus , kissing and giggling and embracing the future . 
 it may be unknown , and we had a long road to travel , but there was hope , and finally we were together . 
 the end 
