 prologue this day was turning out to be the strangest day of all days . 
 it all started when i overheard my mother and father fighting , which is nothing new . 
 my father had said something about giving up on my mother , making me worry that they 're going to get a divorce . 
 then the mafia families showed up , one of which was my dad 's sworn enemy and they locked themselves in my house and layton and i out . 
 i 'm desperate to see what 's going on ; desperate to know what on earth they could all be doing together . 
 `` what do you think they 're doing in there ? 
 something illegal i bet , '' i say to my best friend , layton everett , as i try to peer through the window . 
 the wooden box i 'm standing on is wobbly and the window is so high up that , even on my tiptoes , i ca n't see anything except the tops of people 's heads through the window . 
 layton shrugs , glancing nervously around the backyard . 
 `` i do n't know lola , and honestly , i do n't really care . '' 
 i peek over my shoulder at him . 
 `` your dad and mom are in there , too , you know . 
 you have to be curious what they 're doing . 
 all of them under one roof together . 
 it 's weird '' `` not really . '' 
 he shakes his head and stuffs his hands into his pockets . 
 layton is unlike most of the fourteen-year-old guys i know . 
 he acts older , more mature . 
 even though i wo n't admit it to him , it 's one of the things i like about him the most-that he acts more grown up and takes care of me and is always there for me when i get myself into trouble , which i 'll admit , is a lot . 
 the longer i stare at him , the more uneasy he becomes . 
 he constantly has trouble telling me no , especially when i give him `` the look . '' 
 `` lola , please do n't look at me like that , '' he says with a sigh . 
 `` i know you want to know what they 're doing in there , but ... '' he massages the back of his neck tensely . 
 `` did n't you notice they were all carrying guns ? '' 
 i shrug as i hop off the box and dust the dirt off my hands . 
 `` they 're always carrying guns . 
 that 's what they do . '' 
 `` yeah , but ... '' he seems way too tense , even for him , as he looks around the yard again . 
 there are so many places for someone to hide back here . 
 the yard is over-flourished with trees , shrubbery , a small vineyard , and acres and acres of flowers and grass ; so i do n't get what he 's expecting to see . 
 sighing , he leans in and lowers his voice , his silver-grey eyes filled with worry . 
 `` they 're all in there together . 
 my dad and mom , your mom , your dad , frankie and his guys , even the defontelles are in there . 
 there has to be something going on-something dangerous . 
 you know they just do n't meet up like that . '' 
 he swallows hard . 
 `` in fact , the last time they were all in the same building together , people got killed . '' 
 `` how do you know that ? '' 
 i wonder . 
 i rarely know anything about my mother and father 's business world , and what i do know is from digging around ; drug lords , dealings , bodyguards , guns-they 're always carrying them-stuff that i 'm sure is illegal . 
 `` my dad tells me stuff . '' 
 he looks sad as he says it , too . 
 without saying another word , he grabs me by the elbow and guides me over to the trees , away from the house . 
 once we 're hidden in the shadows , he lets go of me then sits down on the ground and stares at the land . 
 `` sometimes i wish he would n't . '' 
 confused , i sit down beside him and crisscross my legs . 
 `` sometimes you wish he would n't what ? '' 
 he picks at the grass . 
 `` tell me stuff ... i hate hearing about it ... hearing about what i 'm going to have to grow up to be . '' 
 `` you do n't have to be anything but what you want to be . '' 
 i grab his hand and hold onto it . 
 he shakes his head , staring down at our fingers laced together . 
 `` i have to , lola . 
 i do n't have another choice . 
 it 's my destiny , or whatever , to live here , die here , and do exactly what my father does . '' 
 he seems even older at the moment ; an adult trapped in a teenager 's body . 
 i sit there , listening to the wind blow , the grass dancing with the breeze . 
 `` we could always run away together , '' i suggest . 
 `` you and i . 
 if they ca n't find you , they ca n't make you take over the family business . '' 
 he glances up at me , and for the briefest instant , he looks like he 's considering it , but then he frowns . 
 `` if i ran away from it , then it 'd all fall on my brother 's shoulders . 
 and could you imagine benton in charge of things ... ? '' 
 he laughs , but it sounds completely off pitch , completely wrong . 
 `` that 'd be a mess in the making . 
 god , he 'd probably get himself killed in a day . '' 
 `` he could change . 
 he 's only twelve right now . '' 
 layton gives me a sad look , however before he can protest , i add , `` just think about it . '' 
 he hesitates then nods . 
 `` okay , i will . '' 
 i do n't believe him . 
 layton is the most loyal person i know , and i doubt he 'll ever actually run away and bail out on his family . 
 me ? 
 i do n't really have anything to run away from . 
 my father 's business will go to his younger brother when he dies , not me . 
 `` we should go do something fun . '' 
 i give layton 's hand a squeeze . 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` i do n't know ... maybe go downtown and see what kind of trouble we can get into . '' 
 i smile the smile i know he ca n't say no to . 
 he tries to restrain a grin , but it eventually slips through . 
 then he gets up and pulls me to my feet . 
 we start to walk back toward the house , holding hands , layton 's mood lightening with each step . 
 `` we should do this all the time , '' he remarks , giving my hand a swing . 
 `` hold hands ? '' 
 i question . 
 `` but then , would n't people think we were like dating or something ? '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` so what if they did ? '' 
 i look at him , wondering if he 's kidding . 
 he seems dead serious , though ; which confuses the shit out of me . 
 i mean , we 've been best friends for almost forever . 
 and yeah , he 's cute and everything , with dark hair and gorgeous eyes-a lot of the girls at my school have a crush on him-yet i 've never thought of him that way . 
 i 've never thought of anyone that way honestly , mainly because my mother has told me time and time again that i 'm not allowed to date . 
 sometimes she gets so intense about me just being around guys that i swear she hates men . 
 i 'm about to slip my hand out of layton 's when i suddenly hear a scream . 
 my head whips in the direction it 's coming from-the front area of the house . 
 `` just wait a minute , '' layton says with worry , but i 'm already jerking my hand out of his and running for the front gate . 
 `` lola , wait ! 
 you ca n't just ... '' he trails off as he rounds the side of the house , just steps behind me . 
 i 've stopped dead in my tracks . 
 my mother is laying in the driveway , my father holding her lifeless body in his arms . 
 i race over to them without thinking , tears already pouring out of my eyes . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i ask my father , the gasps in my voice alarming , unfamiliar . 
 there 's no blood , no wounds on her . 
 her eyes are open and vacant while her lips are slightly parted and tinted blue . 
 he 's rocking her as he cradles her head in his arms . 
 `` she 's dead ... i think she had a heart attack . '' 
 `` call the ambulance then ! '' 
 i cry , sinking to my knees . 
 `` dad ... '' oh , god , it hurts so much . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 the pain ... i 've never felt anything like it . 
 `` lola , it 's too late , '' my father says with watery eyes as he nuzzles his cheek against the top of her head . 
 `` she 's dead . '' 
 i want to shout at him for giving up on her so soon . 
 for not holding on . 
 for letting whatever happened to her happen . 
 `` i 'll call 911 , '' layton says from behind me before i can start yelling at my father . 
 more tears pour from my eyes and i feel like i 'm drowning in them . 
 `` do n't give up on her , dad . 
 do n't let her go . '' 
 i know that 's not what he meant when they 'd been arguing this morning , but still , he needs to try harder . 
 `` fucking hold onto her ! '' 
 i scream . 
 his face drains of color as his eyes widen . 
 his lips part to say something , but then he presses them together and starts to cry . 
 strangely , his eyes remain tearless , though . 
 i remain kneeling on the driveway in front of the house , confused , hurting , the pain crushing me , and i feel as though my world is shattering around me . 
 i can barely see anything through the tears , but i do notice when frankie catherlson comes walking out of my house with his men . 
 he does n't say a word to my father , just heads for his suv parked amongst a line of similar ones . 
 as he 's getting inside the passenger seat , he glances over his shoulder at me and gives me this look . 
 it 's not quite a smile , yet it seems like he wants to , and then ... he f ** king winks at me . 
 my blood burns . 
 my temper simmers . 
 i start to rise to my feet to ... well , i 'm not sure just yet . 
 however , as i start to walk over there , layton 's arms wrap around me . 
 `` stay here , lola . '' 
 `` i want to punch that grin off his face , '' i growl , glaring at the back of the suv . 
 `` he had something to do with this ... i want to rip his throat out , layton . '' 
 i 'm shocked at my words , so venomous and full of hatred . 
 so unlike me . 
 `` lola , calm down . 
 it 's going to be okay . 
 i promise . 
 just calm down , please , and let me take care of you . '' 
 he kisses the back of my head as i tremble from head to toe . 
 layton continues to hold me , saying things i ca n't hear through the strange , strangled noise my father is making . 
 i want to sit down by him , yet i ca n't bring myself to take my eyes off frankie 's suv . 
 i 'm not sure what happened , but something tells me he had a hand in it . 
 after minutes go by , my legs grow weak against the shock settling in my body . 
 i 'm about to collapse into layton 's arms when his father and mother come hurrying out of my house . 
 `` layton , get over here , '' his father , mr. everett , barks at him , snapping his fingers . 
 his father has never been a nice man , but he and my father have a decent relationship . 
 although , as he dismisses my father and dead mother in the driveway , all i see is an enemy . 
 `` i promise i 'll be back in just a second , '' layton whispers in my ear , then his arms leave me and he heads over to his father . 
 i feel incredibly cold , incredibly weak , incredibly unstable , and i have no choice except to sink to the ground and watch in horror , anger-many different emotions-as layton 's father orders him to get in the car with frankie and then climbs in himself . 
 as layton gives me one last look as he gets in the back , his expression is filled with terror , sorrow , and remorse . 
 then the door shuts , and moments later , the suvs are pulling away . 
 one by one , they leave me in the driveway with my father and dead mother , the sounds of screeching tires and ambulance sirens filling the air . 
 chapter 1 seven years later ... my day has been mellow for the most part , a rare but welcomed occasion . 
 ever since my mother died , good days were far and few between . 
 but today seemed so good it left me hoping . 
 i 'd woken up with no hangover , even after partying way too hard the night before while managing to avoid my bodyguards , which was going to get me into trouble when i got home . 
 i had been in desperate need of some alone time to clear my head , though . 
 i 'd headed to the cemetery to put flowers on my mama 's grave and a nice , long , one-sided conversation with the engraved stone . 
 it was something i had been meaning to do for a few weeks , ever since i found the letter . 
 that goddamn letter that had flipped my already chaotic life upside down even more than it already was . 
 i 'd found it hidden in one of my mother 's jacket pockets while i was cleaning out her closet , something that should have been done a long time ago , but i had been holding on to the stuff that belonged to her . 
 it was written by my mama to a man named everson milantes , divulging to him that she thinks i might be his daughter , not the man i thought was my father and who had raised me for the last twenty-one years . 
 the letter had never been sent , probably because my mama passed away before she ever got the chance . 
 it was strangely dated the night before she died-the night before i found my father holding her lifeless body in the driveway from what the paramedics declared a heart attack . 
 the letter changed everything in an instant-myself , my life , my father , my mother-which is exactly what i decide to tell the gravestone . 
 `` i just do n't understand , '' i say as i kneel down in the dirt , grasping a bouquet of sunflowers in my hand-my mother 's favorite flower . 
 `` why did you never tell me ... i thought you told me everything . '' 
 which always seemed true when i was younger . 
 to me , we 'd always had more of a sisterly relationship than a mother/daughter one . 
 it was so open , without secrets , or at least , that 's what i had thought . 
 but now , well , the letter unfortunately was just a number on an ever-growing list of secrets that i 'd been discovering since my mother left this world , her death something that still haunts me to this day . 
 `` i 'm starting to wonder what else you did n't tell me . 
 what other lies i 'm going to find out . 
 there 've been so many ... and with the way you died ... it 's just so hard to accept that it was a heart attack . 
 i just want some answers to what happened that day . '' 
 i shake my head as tears start to sting my eyes . 
 i refuse to go down that road again , a one-way road i was stuck on from the ages of fourteen to sixteen when i would n't let my mother go . 
 i became obsessed with why she died , refusing to believe anything . 
 even though i still do n't believe the lies , i have moved on because it was killing me inside . 
 and i think it 's time to do it again , to let go and move on , just in a different way . 
 i glance around the empty cemetery ; the grass covered in headstones , the trees flourishing with leaves . 
 it 's a beautiful , summer day , yet i feel so cold inside-so hollow . 
 just like this place . 
 i simply want to get away , be somewhere else , and even though it sounds crazy , i swear the wind whispers that it 's okay to go . 
 sighing , i set the flowers down in front of her headstone and kiss the tips of my fingers before pressing them to the stone , silently telling her what i think may be my final good-bye . 
 then i get to my feet and head out of the cemetery ; not to my car , but to the park down the street . 
 i need more time to think , to process , to work up the courage to finally do what i 've wanted to do since i found the letter , maybe even before that . 
 i think part of me has always wanted to do it since the day i suggested it to layton , to just up and move . 
 to leave everything behind . 
 my life . 
 my friends . 
 my family and all the money and connections that come along with it . 
 to run away . 
 i 've been living a life of lies and deceit for too long , and i want to start over and perhaps go find this everson guy , find out what he knows about the letter ; if he knows i may be his daughter . 
 i 'm curious what he looks like , who he is , what kind of person he was and is now . 
 is he like my father , good to his family but his morals and choices perhaps a little twisted and dangerous , or does he simply live a quiet , boring life ? 
 i did some searching around for him , however i did n't find out anything . 
 the only thing i have is the address on the envelope the letter was in , but that was from over six years ago . 
 after wandering around for about an hour , i finally gather enough strength to go back to my car to go home and pack up my shit . 
 i turn around and cross the grass toward the exit area of the park . 
 although , right as i 'm stepping out of the security of the gated area and onto the sidewalk beside the street , a sleek , black , and very expensive suv with tinted windows pulls up to the curb . 
 i know this life well enough to know what 's behind those doors-i 've been warned by my father since i was five and seen firsthand what kind of people drive around in them . 
 they are the type of men who are the reason i usually have bodyguards with me . 
 i whirl around to run , but i barely have time to react as two very large , bulky men wearing black suits and sunglasses , all men in black-like , jump out of the car and come barreling at me . 
 i open my mouth to scream , yet they grab me by the arms and one of them slaps a hand over my mouth , right there in broad daylight , which means they have nothing to fear . 
 and no fear means they have connections , probably to one of my dad 's many enemies . 
 the question is , which one ? 
 it might not seem important , but at the moment , it 's more important than breathing . 
 who it is could be the difference of whether i 'll walk out of this alive . 
 i have hardly any time to come up with an answer , though , as i 'm roughly forced into the backseat of the car . 
 as i land face first , bumping my head onto the roof , i try to get a few kicks in , but my struggles are effortless . 
 before i know it , i have a bag over my head , my hands are tied behind my back , and the car is speeding off . 
 `` who the hell are you ? '' 
 i growl through the dark fabric , hoping for someone to reply , then maybe i can figure out who it is . 
 however , the only thing i get in response is a low chuckle and a brush of a finger up my bare thigh to the edge of my shorts . 
 when their hand slips up the front of me and cops a feel of my breast , the touch stands the hair on the back of my neck on end and my stomach churns . 
 i vow to myself that , if i get out of this , i 'm going to make the f ** ker pay . 
 instead of causing more drama , i bite down on my lip and force myself to stay silent and remain still . 
 this is what i have been taught to do as a defense mechanism . 
 the last thing i need is to piss the wrong person off or get so worked up i ca n't think clearly . 
 it 's in the preparation for when kidnapped handbook , and i 'm not talking metaphorically . 
 there was an actual handbook , given to me by my father on my eighth birthday . 
 `` lolita , nothing will ever conquer you if you do n't show any fear , '' my daddy said as i 'd torn the wrapping paper off the present then frowned at the thin leather-bound book inside . 
 `` in our world , never show fear . 
 never let it own you . 
 always be strong or else you wo n't survive . 
 this book will teach you to do just that . '' 
 it was a family heirloom , and honestly , i 'd thought he was insane , but i still read it . 
 i wanted to make him proud , up until my mother passed away . 
 after that , our relationship turned rocky . 
 now , i ca n't help thinking how right he was , though . 
 fear is the enemy . 
 fear is making my head foggy , making me think irrational ideas like throwing myself forward and trying to escape blind . 
 crying . 
 screaming . 
 i need a level head if i 'm going to accomplish anything . 
 deep breaths . 
 stay calm . 
 breathe . 
 twenty minutes later , i 'm still sitting in the backseat of the car , squeezed between the two sweaty , smelly men . 
 my heart 's racing in my chest , despite how much i 'm telling it to shut the f ** king hell up . 
 i try to steady my breathing , stable my heart rate , inhale through my nose and exhale through my mouth , let my muscles unravel . 
 think of something relaxing . 
 reading ... sleeping ... taking a bath ... they all seem okay , somewhat relaxing , but if i 'm honest with myself , i need to think of something that actually relaxes me-the real me , the one hardly anyone knows . 
 drinking ... shots ... beating the shit out of the guy beside me ... sex ... hot , sweaty sex . 
 it might be messed up , yet it makes me feel the slightest bit content . 
 after i get about as calm as i can-still somewhat jittery , though , and with way too much adrenaline pumping through my bloodstream-i sink back in the seat and assess what i can about my surroundings . 
 the engine is humming and i can hear the sound of the wind , which means the car 's moving and the windows are rolled down . 
 i think about the weapons i have on me . 
 brass knuckles and mace in my purse , but i dropped it when the guys grabbed me back at the park . 
 i do have a small knife in a holster hidden inside my boot , but how the hell am i supposed to get it out when my hands are bound and i ca n't see a damn thing ? 
 turning my head to the side , i strain to see through the bag . 
 the sunlight faintly slips through the fabric , and i can make out the top of one of the guy 's heads beside me . 
 i wonder if he 's watching me ; if he 's thinking about touching me again . 
 i want to rip his hand off for touching me already . 
 i 'm evaluating my options-keep sitting , try to fight blind , cause a scene-when the car comes to a screeching halt . 
 i hear the driver mutter something , then a door opens and the guy to the side of me gets out . 
 i start to let out a breath of relief , but then he either climbs back in or someone else takes his place . 
 moments later , the scent of cologne and cigarettes grace my nostrils . 
 i realize there 's definitely someone different sitting next to me since the previous guy stank like bo . 
 there 's something very familiar about the scent , too ... i know it from somewhere . 
 i try to think of all the parties i 've attended , the `` family gatherings . '' 
 is that why the person smells familiar ? 
 have i met them at one of those perhaps ? 
 i feel the person shift in the seat and i cringe as their warm breath caresses my cheek . 
 `` just calm down , lola , '' they whisper softly as i clench my hands into fists . 
 then , their finger brushes the inside of my wrist , a comforting gesture only one person in my life has ever used on me , and suddenly i realize who it is . 
 `` everything will be okay . '' 
 boy , oh , boy , do i know that voice . 
 what 's more , now i know just how much trouble i 'm in , who 's behind the kidnapping , and how slim things are looking for me ever seeing the light of day again . 
 dead-i 'm pretty sure that 's how i 'm going to end up . 
 sitting beside me is layton everett , a guy who used to be my best friend when we were younger , but now he works for my family 's enemy , the catlersons . 
 frankie is their leader , the guy who grinned and winked at me the day my mother died . 
 he has despised my father more than any other drug lord on the east coast and has been trying to set my father up and get him killed . 
 he even put a hit on my father once when i was about seven , but it was quickly taken off when my father retaliated , which has always made me question why the hell frankie was at my house the day my mother died . 
 of course , i 'm not supposed to know any of this , however the house i grew up in had cathedral ceilings that caused every conversation to carry throughout the rooms and hallways . 
 `` i should have known you had something to do with this , '' i say spitefully to layton . 
 my words carry no truth to them , though . 
 even after my mother died , layton and i still remained friends for quite a while . 
 he never would tell me why he got into the car with frankie that day or what his father said to him . 
 and about a week after the funeral , all was well in our drug lord world again . 
 mr. everett and my father were friends once more , both despising frankie catlerson . 
 no more strange meetings were held . 
 all was right in our crazy , mad world , up until a couple of months ago when i heard from one of my few female friends that layton had shown up at a party with frankie 's men . 
 he did n't even have the balls to tell me himself , nor did he offer me any explanation when i confronted him , nor have we talked since . 
 i 'll admit , part of my anger stems from the fact that i 've always believed frankie had something to do with my mother 's death , and layton knows my theory , even though he does n't believe it . 
 `` lola , do n't start with me , please , '' layton warns , his fingers leaving my wrist . 
 `` you 're only going to get yourself into trouble if you get that mouth of yours going . '' 
 `` fuck you . '' 
 i lean into him , lifting my leg and moving my foot around until i find his shin , and then i kick as hard as i can . 
 `` you traitor . '' 
 `` dammit , lola , '' he curses , jerking his leg away from mine . 
 `` stop acting like a psychopath . '' 
 `` stop acting like a psychopath ? 
 are you serious ? '' 
 i 'd gape at him , but it 'd be pointless since he ca n't see my face beneath the bag . 
 `` i got picked up while i was innocently walking in the park , felt up by a middle-aged man with the worst combover i 've ever seen , then bound and thrown into the back of a car , and now you show up and what ? 
 expect me to act sane ? 
 i 'm not even sane when everything 's fine . 
 you know that . '' 
 there 's a pause . 
 `` innocently walking in the park , '' he mumbles , his voice dripping with playful sarcasm , the tone he used to use with me all the time . 
 `` i highly doubt that . 
 you 're never doing anything innocently . '' 
 he 's right , but i 'm not about to admit that to him . 
 `` where are you taking me ? '' 
 i ask , slumping back in the seat , pissed off that i feel more relax about this situation now that he 's sitting here beside me . 
 he 's always had that way about him ; which was fine when we were friends , but now it just makes the situation more dangerous . 
 it makes me more trusting towards someone who 's my enemy . 
 remember who he is now . 
 `` i 'm assuming to frankie , but i 'm wondering why . 
 did he decide to finish the rest of my family off ? '' 
 `` lola , please do n't start with that , '' layton begs . 
 `` your mother died of a heart attack . 
 you need to accept that . '' 
 `` keep her quiet , layton , '' a deep voice advises from the front seat . 
 it takes layton a second to answer , the rhythm of his breathing surprisingly unsteady for him . 
 `` it has to do with your father , '' he says quietly . 
 `` he 's in trouble . '' 
 my entire body goes rigid , my already amped-up adrenaline skyrocketing . 
 `` what does frankie want with my father this time ? 
 money ? 
 drugs ? 
 revenge ? 
 more anelli blood on his hands ? 
 usually he 's more set on getting my father killed , not kidnapping his daughter , but i guess his many failed attempts have probably made him desperate . '' 
 another maddening pause from layton , then i feel him slant closer to me , his body heat potently familiar . 
 `` it 's not what frankie wants from your father , but what he wants from you , which is for you to pay your father 's debt . '' 
 `` debt ? '' 
 i 'm thrown off by this bit of information and my voice comes out way louder than intended . 
 `` since when does my dad owe frankie anything ? '' 
 `` since he came to him to borrow money about six months ago . '' 
 he pauses while i try to wrap my mind around the idea , yet it does n't make sense . 
 `` but we 're wealthy ... '' i try to argue . 
 `` what did he need the money for ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure exactly . '' 
 his voice is tight , tense . 
 `` what are n't you telling me ? '' 
 he sighs heavy-heartedly . 
 `` look , lolita , your father 's in some serious trouble . 
 and i mean really big trouble . '' 
 `` do n't call me that , '' i mutter , loathing that he used the full name my mother used to call me all the time . 
 ever since she died , it does n't feel right for anyone to use it . 
 `` it 's lola . 
 and what sort of trouble ? 
 tell me what 's going on . '' 
 `` keep her damn mouth shut , layton , '' the same person warns again , and this time , i recognize the baritone voice . 
 tony madman makafee , one of frankie 's guards , the one who does his `` dirty work . '' 
 shit . 
 i 'm now officially dirty work . 
 this is bad . 
 worse than what i originally thought . 
 people who go with tony not only never ever seen again , but get tortured in the most painful ways possible until they take their last breath . 
 `` what does frankie want from me ? '' 
 i whisper to layton , scooting closer to him on the seat until our shoulders and legs our touching . 
 layton blows out a stressed breath , and i can almost visualize him running his hands through his hair , like he used to do all the time whenever i was making him anxious . 
 `` lolita , please just be quiet . '' 
 he gently puts a hand on my leg . 
 `` this will all be over soon , and if you cooperate , then it should go smoothly . '' 
 `` i told you to stop calling me that . '' 
 i jerk my knee out from under his hand . 
 `` and i highly doubt this is going to go smoothly . 
 in fact , i 'm guessing this is probably the last time you and i will talk ever again . 
 and the last time i 'll be breathing . '' 
 `` you think i 'm going to kill you ? '' 
 he sounds so shocked and appalled . 
 `` maybe not you , but i know that 's tony up there , and he 's infamous for his whacks . '' 
 `` lola , i would never let that happen to you . 
 i swear to god , i 'd kill myself before i 'd kill you , and it hurts that you do n't know that . '' 
 `` you 're letting me be here , '' i snap . 
 `` bound and blindfolded in the backseat of the car . 
 that 's not any better - '' `` god f ** king dammit , layton ! 
 i told you to shut her the f ** k up ! '' 
 tony growls . 
 i hear the sound of fabric brushing against leather , then the light through the mask dims . 
 `` tony , that 's not necessary . '' 
 there 's an edge to layton 's tone . 
 his body heat is suffocating me as he slants nearer to me , our shoulders pressing together and his arm aligning with mine , our fingers inches apart . 
 if i did n't know better , i 'd guess he was trying to comfort me . 
 however i do know better . 
 i wo n't make the mistake thinking layton will put me before his job and the duty he feels toward his family . 
 `` she 'll be quiet . '' 
 `` i already gave her three chances , '' tony replies . 
 i hear him climb over the seat . 
 moments later , he plops down beside me so close his knee is crushing against mine . 
 `` this way 's a lot easier . '' 
 `` what way ? '' 
 i flinch back , trying to get away from tony and closer to layton . 
 `` do n't f ** king touch me , douche bag , or i swear to god - '' before i can finish the sentence , a needle pricks my forearm then enters my vein . 
 shit , this is n't ... good ... `` layton ... help ... '' i hate the plea in my voice , but i have no other option at the moment . 
 i 'm slipping out of consciousness . 
 i 'll be more helpless than i ever have ... weak ... `` please ... do ... something ... '' and he does . 
 he catches me as i fall back and black out . 
 chapter 2 when i open my eyes again , i feel like i 've been run over by a truck , every single one of my limbs aching . 
 the spot on my arm where the needle entered burns , too . 
 i wonder what kind of drug they doped me up with and if it has any side effects . 
 my vision is a little blurry and my head hurts , but i 'm coherent enough to get my bearings . 
 i 'm lying face first with my cheek pressed against the icy , cold , cement floor of a large warehouse filled with boxes and metal crates that make a perimeter around the walls . 
 there are also a few large , stocky , bulky men-none of which i recognize , but assume are bodyguards-standing around me . 
 there 's also a television and frankie catherlson . 
 just seeing him makes me want to strangle him as i think about that look he gave me the day i saw my mother dead . 
 he had to have something to do with it . 
 i do n't care what anyone says . 
 frankie is surprisingly a very short and stocky man who has these bushy eyebrows that look like two , very furry caterpillars . 
 despite his lack in body features , he always dresses to impress in designer suits and shoes , gold jewelry , and diamond encrusted watches . 
 they are ways to scream that , despite his small demeanor , he 's still got his wealth , and how he got his wealth makes him important . 
 he does n't want to be underestimated , and he 'll kill you if he gets a chance . 
 and now just might be his chance to kill me , depending on how this plays out . 
 his black slacks match his button down shirt with the sleeves rolled up , showing his aged skin . 
 there 's a holster on each of his sides , both carrying guns . 
 as i push to my feet , i ca n't seem to take my eyes off the guns . 
 i wonder how many people he 's killed with them . 
 i wonder how many people my father has killed . 
 i wonder how many layton has killed . 
 where is layton ? 
 it 's not like these thoughts have never crossed my mind before . 
 in the world i grew up in , death is common . 
 it 's easy to lose someone close to you from death , and it 's equally as easy for someone close to you to cause the death of another . 
 i 've known this since i was four and lost the first person close to me . 
 dale , my bodyguard since birth . 
 we were n't close , me being a child and him being an adult and big enough that , at the time , i believed he was part giant . 
 however , i can remember crying when my father sat me down and told me dale was never coming back . 
 what made it worse was when i 'd overheard my father and mother talking about how he died in a conversation they thought was private . 
 he 'd had every one of his fingers broken off , then he 'd been shot simply because he worked for my father and my father had pissed some drug dealers off . 
 right now , i am actually living it-the possibility that i could get shot right here-and it makes the reality my father has tried to protect me from all these years painfully real . 
 it makes me regret ditching my bodyguards this morning , makes me regret a lot of things . 
 frankie watches with delight as i struggle to get to my feet and gain my balance . 
 `` lolita , it 's so nice to see you again , '' he says with a stupid smirk on his face . 
 `` you 're looking as beautiful as ever . '' 
 his gaze sweeps me in , lingering on the section of my shirt that 's torn-god knows how it got that way . 
 `` all grown up , i see . '' 
 `` do n't stand there and chat like we 're good friends , '' i say as i clutch my throbbing head . 
 `` i do n't even know you other than you 're an ass ** le who likes to try and get my father into trouble . '' 
 and who grinned and winked at me when my mother died . 
 he cocks his head to the side , his forehead wrinkling as he assesses me . 
 `` oh , how i love feisty woman . '' 
 he pauses , stepping toward me with his hands at his sides as if his fingers itch to take out the guns . 
 `` and you 're wrong about the friends part . 
 we just have n't seen each other in awhile . '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` the only times i 've , '' i make air quotes , '' ` seen you ' are when you were either getting your ass kicked by my father for being a rat , and of course , the time you came over to my house and my mother ... '' why ca n't i just say it aloud ? 
 confront him . 
 just spit it out , lola ! 
 he continues to grin , but there 's darkness in his eyes . 
 i 've struck a nerve . 
 `` just as sassy as your mother . '' 
 he pauses again , walking so close to me i can see the scar on his forehead that runs across his hairline . 
 rumor has it , when frankie was younger , his father went bat-shit crazy and cut him there . 
 `` i 'm wondering what other talents of your mother 's you have . '' 
 as he stops just short of me , the way he leers at me makes me squirm in my skin . 
 `` maybe we should find out . '' 
 i want to clock him in the face-and probably would , too-but my hands are still bound . 
 so , instead , i say , `` do n't f ** king talk about my mother . 
 ever , '' i growl . 
 `` you did n't know her , so do n't pretend you did . '' 
 that makes him laugh . 
 `` everyone knew lalana , lola . 
 most men better than you , probably . '' 
 i hate the way he annunciates men . 
 i 'm about to snap at him , tear open the wound and let myself bleed out , just to get in a few good lines and threats , however the metal door to my right swings open and in walks layton . 
 i give him the coldest glare i can muster , more enraged than i ever have been at him before . 
 this is n't the layton i used to know ; his eyes are colder , his shoulders carrying more weight , probably from the lives he 's taken in the name of his job . 
 he used to be so caring , so protective . 
 there was one time when we were about fifteen and i 'd beaten the shit out of manny depler for grabbing my ass while i was heading to class . 
 layton took the fall for it when the delper clan had showed up for payback . 
 they beat him up pretty good ; broken arm , bloody nose , which still has a tiny kink in it now . 
 when i 'd asked layton why he had taken the fall , he 'd simply said , `` because i care more about you than i do myself . 
 i 'd rather get hurt than see you get hurt . '' 
 but seeing him here , his expression hard as tone , i decide things have dramatically changed . 
 `` perfect timing , layton , '' frankie says . 
 `` lolita and i were just finished getting reacquainted . '' 
 `` it 's lola , '' i say coldly as my gaze cuts to frankie . 
 `` no one 's allowed to call me lolita unless i give them permission . '' 
 frankie 's eyelids lower as he aims me a look of warning . 
 `` maybe i was wrong . 
 you seem more like your father with that mouth of yours-never knowing when to shut the f ** k up . '' 
 he slowly draws one of his pistols out , not aiming at me , but carrying it to his side with his finger hovering on the trigger . 
 `` i could make you shut up , make it so you can never speak again . '' 
 i should be more afraid than i am-maybe it 's shock , maybe it 's madness-but for some reason , i feel calm . 
 but layton is nervous , tensing as he stops to the side of me . 
 `` easy , frankie . 
 there 's no use shooting her just yet when she has n't done what you need her to do . '' 
 frankie rubs his jawline that 's covered in grey whiskers . 
 `` good point . '' 
 he tucks the gun back into the holster , then he paces the floor . 
 `` where to start . 
 where to start . '' 
 he wavers , amusedly . 
 `` just tell me why am i here , '' i demand . 
 layton grazes his finger along the inside of my wrist , though instead of welcoming his touch , i move my arm away . 
 he frowns but does n't utter a word . 
 frankie 's smile broadens as he continues to pace the floor , pointing his finger at me . 
 `` that 's a very good question . '' 
 `` it was n't a quest - '' i start to say , but layton snatches ahold of my wrist , rather roughly , and then gives me a pleading , pressing glance . 
 please be careful , he mouths . 
 i hate admitting it , yet he 's right . 
 no matter how bad i want to put frankie in his place , now is not the time . 
 i just hope i get another time-another chance to make him pay for everything . 
 i bite down on my tongue and stay quiet as frankie strolls toward the television and turns it on . 
 he does n't say a word , he simply steps back and lets me watch the screen . 
 it 's a video of my father chained to a chair , his shoulders slumped , blood dripping down his head and pooling around his feet . 
 i want to cry out as a hefty man with arms the size of my legs steps up to my father and starts beating him with a metal pole , slamming it against him repeatedly , causing more blood to stream onto the floor . 
 the cracking sounds make me sick , but what 's worse is the silence of my father , as if he 's been so beaten he ca n't even muster up a single noise . 
 `` that 's enough , '' i say after about five minutes of watching the screen in horror . 
 layton is still holding onto my arm , which is good in a way because , otherwise , i may have buckled to the floor . 
 between the sedative and watching my father bloody and battered , i 'm feeling a little lightheaded . 
 frankie lets the video play for a minute more just to torture me then turns the television off and faces me . 
 `` you 're going to do a hit on anthony defontelles in exchange for your father 's freedom and life . '' 
 he says it as if it 's the simplest thing to do , as if i 'm a natural-born killer . 
 `` no way . '' 
 i shake my head as i scan the warehouse for an easy exit , but unfortunately , there are guards everywhere . 
 layton 's fingertips dig into my arms , as if sensing i 'm going to try to run for it . 
 `` i 'm not a hit man , nor will i ever do anything for you . '' 
 `` are you sure about that ? '' 
 frankie considers this for a while then ultimately shakes his head . 
 `` this is n't an argument , lolita . '' 
 when he then winks at me , the pain and anger i felt when my mother died and he did the same thing makes rage blaze inside me . 
 if i 'm going to kill anyone tonight , it 's going to be him . 
 unexpectedly , he strides toward me , eliminating the space between us as he gets in my face . 
 all i 'd have to do is reach forward and wrap my fingers around his neck . 
 frankie grins as if he can read my mind and is daring me to try , daring me to go there , be like him and everyone else in this world i was just about to run away from . 
 layton shifts toward me , his shoulder brushing mine , either protecting me or frankie , i 'm not sure . 
 `` you will do it or you 'll never see your father again . 
 alive anyway , '' frankie sneers . 
 i start to inch toward him , but layton pulls me back . 
 `` even if i agree to do it , i do n't know how to kill , '' i say , painfully realizing it 's the truth . 
 i can act tough , however i 'm not a killer . 
 even if i found out frankie did have something to do with my mother 's death , i doubt i could get revenge for her . 
 the room starts to spin , and i 'm worried i 'm going to pass out . 
 breath in . 
 breath out . 
 i fight it , standing my ground while telling myself i 'm strong , despite how weak i feel inside . 
 fear . 
 it 's potent . 
 and i 'm overwhelmed by it . 
 as frankie reaches out and grazes my cheek with his finger and strokes it like i 'm his pet , i refuse to flinch , move back , or surrender . 
 `` do you know what happens to people who do n't pay their debts to me , lolita ? '' 
 frankie asks , his fingers lingering on my cheek . 
 `` i put them in a safe and drop them alive in the lake so they slowly drown and have a lot of time to reflect on their pathetic lives . '' 
 his voice deepens , carrying the threat perfectly . 
 my stomach burns along with my temper , anger simmering under my veins like liquid fire . 
 `` why ... ? 
 how does my father owe you ? '' 
 i ask cautiously . 
 `` it does n't make any sense . '' 
 his lips slowly curl upward into a wicked grin . 
 `` god , there 's so much you do n't know about your own family . 
 yes , even i like to keep my daughter secluded from this world , but you ... '' he glances over me with a look on his face , like he 's just tasted something sour . 
 `` you 're so out of the loop . 
 so naive . 
 so ... clueless . 
 he thinks he 's protecting you when all he 's doing is putting you more in harm 's way , just like he did with your mother . '' 
 a thousand questions burn at my tongue . 
 `` i know more than you think , '' i lie . 
 `` even about my mother . '' 
 we exchange a look and it 's at that moment i know . 
 i 've been right . 
 there 's more to my mother 's death than a heart attack . 
 `` if you say so , then i guess you do , '' frankie says in a condescending tone . 
 in the elongated pause after his words , it feels like my entire world 's falling down , about to crumble out from under me . 
 although , it 's probably always been cracked since i was born , and i 've been dangerously walking around on it without a clue as to when it 's going to break . 
 `` now agree to make the hit and this will all be over . 
 you 'll be free to go . '' 
 he motions at the television . 
 `` your father will be free to go , and you can ask him all the questions you want . '' 
 i grow more and more wary the longer i stare at the trace of a smirk on frankie 's face . 
 `` yeah , right , '' i say . 
 `` like it 's just that simple . 
 i make the kill and then you just what ? 
 let me and my father go , unharmed ? '' 
 he shrugs , crossing his arms . 
 `` well , you will be responsible for the kill . '' 
 fuck me a thousand ways . 
 i am clueless . 
 why did n't i realize this the moment he said it ? 
 `` so that 's what this is really about . 
 i kill anthony and that pretty much starts a war between the anelli 's and defontelles ' . 
 that 's what this is about , right ? '' 
 `` maybe , but would it really even matter to you ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` technically , you 're not an anelli but an ander . '' 
 that 's because my mother wanted me to take her name , i want to argue defensively . 
 it 's always been a sore spot , but now it 's even sorer since i 'm not quite sure where my bloodline lies . 
 therefore , instead , all i say is , `` that 's for protection , if needed . '' 
 he cocks a brow . 
 `` you think that 's the real reason ? 
 or did it ever cross your mind that it might be something else ? 
 like maybe he knew you did n't have it in your blood to be an anelli . '' 
 the letter flashes through my mind and stops any words from leaving my lips . 
 maybe i was named anders because my father knew i was n't a true anelli . 
 perhaps he 's known all this time . 
 but then , why take me on as his own ? 
 why not leave my mother when he found out she was pregnant or whenever she told him ? 
 he has a temper , and i can only imagine how angry this sort of thing would make him . 
 `` so what 's it going to be , lolita ? '' 
 frankie asks . 
 `` live or die ? 
 brave or weak ? 
 anders or anelli ? '' 
 there is n't much to say after that . 
 i do n't verbally agree to do it , though i do n't have to . 
 i do n't really a choice in the end . 
 either way , i 'm going to be responsible for a death tonight , so it might as well be someone that is n't my father . 
 chapter 3 after i make the agreement , frankie orders layton to take me into the backroom to give me details about the hit and to let me change into something more club appropriate . 
 `` where the hell did you get these cloths ? '' 
 i ask as i rummage through the pile that 's on a stack of boxes . 
 i pick up one of the dresses and notice that it looks very familiar . 
 `` wait ? 
 did you get this from my room ? '' 
 layton shrugs as he takes out one of his guns and pulls out the magazine to check the bullets . 
 he has his jacket off , his holster showing over his black t-shirt . 
 `` i picked some up while i was there getting your father . '' 
 i turn to him , astounded . 
 `` wait ? 
 you helped with my father 's kidnapping ? '' 
 he pushes the magazine back into the gun then puts it back into he holster . 
 `` i had to , lola . 
 i work for frankie now and have to follow his orders . '' 
 he does n't make eye contact with me , instead bending down to make sure he has his knife tucked in his boot . 
 i clutch the dress in my hand . 
 `` were you there when i was being shoved in the car ? 
 when i smacked my head and then was assaulted ? '' 
 i 'm flabbergasted . 
 i 'd assumed he 'd gotten in the car later on , but now i 'm wondering if i was wrong . 
 his attention snaps up to me , his eyes wide . 
 `` no , of course i was n't . '' 
 he starts to reach for me , but then glances over his shoulder at the shut door and withdraws his hand to his side , his worried expression shifting to neutral . 
 `` look , could you just get dressed ? '' 
 he looks down at the watch on his wrist . 
 `` we need to be at the club in less than an hour if this is going to work . '' 
 `` if this is going to work . '' 
 i shake my head , pissed off . 
 `` who the hell are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm the guy that 's going to make sure you see this through to the end , '' he says with no emotion in his voice . 
 `` now get dressed . '' 
 i narrow my eyes at him , hating that i ca n't actually despise him . 
 `` turn around so i can get dressed . '' 
 he presses his lips together . 
 `` it 's nothing i have n't seen before . '' 
 `` fucking turn around , layton . '' 
 my voice is eerily calm as i struggle to keep the emotion out , the hurt out . 
 if it had been any of frankie 's other guys , i 'd probably be beaten and raped by this point , so i should be grateful for layton , however there 's too much pain from the betrayal . 
 when he does n't say anything but does what i ask and turns around , i quickly change into the dress , my fingers trembling the entire time . 
 `` there , you can turn around , '' i tell him as i sit down on the boxes to put my boots on . 
 he slowly turns around and watches me as i slip my foot into the boot and zip it up . 
 i 'm about to put the other one on when he kneels down in front of me and reaches for my thigh . 
 `` do n't touch me . '' 
 i start to get up to move away from him , but he pulls me down ; not roughly , but gently , like he 's still my best friend . 
 then he reaches for a hostler that 's on one of the boxes . 
 without saying a word , he straps it to my leg . 
 the graze of his knuckles against my flesh cause unwelcomed bolts of pleasure , and i have to fight to keep the moans in . 
 after he gets it fastened , he reaches for one of his guns and tucks it in my holster before pulling the bottom of my dress down to cover it up . 
 `` there . 
 i think you 're ready . '' 
 i put my hand over the gun and stare up at him . 
 `` i could shoot you right now , you know ? '' 
 `` but you wo n't , '' he says with indescribable pain , sorrow , and remorse haunting his eyes . 
 it 's like we 're fourteen again and he 's getting into frankie 's suv while i stay with my dead mother . 
 `` you do n't have it in you . '' 
 `` maybe i do , '' i argue . 
 `` maybe it 's just a side you have n't seen before . '' 
 he shakes his head with confidence . 
 `` no , lola . 
 you 're not a killer . '' 
 he reaches forward and brushes my cheek with his finger , sadness creeping through the mask he 's been wearing . 
 there 's something haunting him , something dark , but what ? 
 `` if you really believe that , then what the hell do you think 's going to happen tonight ? '' 
 i ask as i get to my feet . 
 `` you 're not telling me everything . 
 i can feel it . '' 
 `` i 'm not telling you a lot of things , '' he mutters then sighs before giving me a quick kiss on the cheek . 
 he then whispers in my ear , `` i 'm so sorry , lola . '' 
 with that , he turns and walks out of the room , leaving me more confused than ever , something i did n't think was possible . 
 chapter 4 i 'm having one of those moments when i 'm reflecting on every single bad thing i 've done in my past . 
 every bad decision i 've made . 
 the path i followed that led me to this moment in time . 
 wondering exactly who paved that path . 
 me ? 
 my mother ? 
 father ? 
 dammit , who am i ? 
 my mind is racing , and my body still hurts from the sedative and the hijacking . 
 while my pulse throbs , the music in the club pounding deep inside my body , my skin remains damp and my body numb from the multiple drinks i 've consumed . 
 i have on a short , backless , black dress layton took from my house . 
 the sides are intentionally torn and show off a flower tattoo on the side of my lower thigh and an intricate dandelion one in the center of my back . 
 a pair of lace-up boots covers my feet and half of my legs . 
 and a thick , leather collar is around my neck . 
 my long , black hair 's done up on the top of my head in waves and curls , and i have three studs above my eyebrows . 
 my lips are stained a fiery red to cover up the cut i got while being thrown in the backseat , the vamped color matching my painted nails . 
 the real icing on the cake to my attire is the 9mm pistol in a holster strapped to my thigh , the one that 's been taunting me since layton put it there . 
 the metal is icy cold against my skin and sends goose bumps erupting all over my legs . 
 i have a very intense urge to reach up my dress , pull it out , and throw it in the trashcan . 
 however , it would probably bust the plan to shit , and a lot is riding on me not screwing this up , despite the fact that layton thinks i 'm going to . 
 at least , that 's what i 've decided since he walked out on me in the backroom without answering me . 
 `` would you relax ? '' 
 layton places a hand on my knee to get me to stop bouncing it . 
 `` it 's really important that you keep calm , lola . '' 
 it 's the same thing he 's been saying to me since we left the warehouse . 
 `` otherwise , this is n't going to work . '' 
 `` and how do you suppose i do that ? '' 
 i tip my head and tap my lip , pretending to think deeply , sarcasm dripping from my voice . 
 `` i mean , i 'm here , not under my own freewill , and all of this-what i 'm about to do-all relies on something i do n't want to do nor do you believe i can do . 
 plus , i hate doing things i do n't want to do . 
 and if i do go through with it , i could easily end up getting caught , go to jail or get shot , or get a hit put on me . '' 
 i tear my eyes off the dance floor and focus on his hand that 's on top of my knee . 
 `` and touching is n't part of the deal , just like watching me change was n't . '' 
 i elevate my gaze to layton 's silverfish-blue eyes and arch my eyebrow . 
 `` so hands off . '' 
 during a different time in our lives , i would have loved to have his hand on my knee . 
 there 's no denying that layton is sexy as hell with his dark , messy hair ; tattooed body ; and long , lean arms . 
 what 's more , he used to be a good , caring , nice person-at least to me-but not anymore . 
 now there 's something dark living inside him , something i 've never seen before , something that 's haunting him , something i do n't understand but want to . 
 his lips quirk as he removes his hand from my knee . 
 `` if that 's what you want , lolita , '' he picks up his glass filled with scotch , `` then i 'll oblige . '' 
 i narrow my eyes at him as i reach for my own glass of scotch . 
 `` then you 'll oblige ? 
 what the hell happened to you ? 
 you 're too ... '' `` too what ? '' 
 he challenges , wetting his lips with his tongue , causing my gaze to unintentionally zero in on his tongue ring . 
 it makes my thighs burn for the sensation of the metal to graze along my skin ; for his lips to be between my legs , his tongue licking me . 
 it 's such the wrong moment to be thinking this , but i ca n't help it . 
 sex has a sedating effect on me , and when i 'm anxious , i want it . 
 `` too calm for this type of situation , '' i tell him . 
 `` is it because you do n't think i 'll do it ? '' 
 he searches my eyes briefly before his gaze drifts to my legs then back up my body again . 
 `` what i think is that you 're hot and bothered . '' 
 i flip him off . 
 `` fuck you . '' 
 `` i think that 's the problem , lolita . '' 
 i bite down on my lip and tell myself to remain composed . 
 to try to remember when we were teenagers and our life was school , fun , excitement , and nothing else-not a worry in the world . 
 hot summer nights where breaking curfew , stealing bottles of expensive scotch from our daddies ' liquor cabinets , and the occasionally harmless brawl was the biggest risk we ever took . 
 but we 're not friends anymore , and we 're not teenagers . 
 we 're twenty-one-year-old adults who are about to break the law for different reasons . 
 i shake the glass in a circular motion , and the ice swishes around . 
 `` how many times do i have to tell you , it 's lola . 
 no one 's called me lolita since - '' `` since you were fourteen-years-old and billy maders found out the meaning of lolita is seductress and everyone started calling you a whore . '' 
 he raises his glass to his lips and takes a long swallow before setting the glass down . 
 `` yeah , i remember what happened . 
 it was totally not true since you were a virgin , but you took it so defensively . '' 
 he 's actually wrong ; well , not about the virgin part . 
 i stopped wanting to be called lolita the day my mother died because she 'd always called me that . 
 yet i never told anyone the real reason and blamed in on the billy thing , being way overdramatic on purpose . 
 `` would you stop acting like we 're friends ? '' 
 i ask , irritated that he knows me so well . 
 he 's supposed to be the enemy , but it 's hard to look at him like that when i 've known him since we were being potty trained . 
 `` we 're not anymore . 
 not after today . '' 
 `` that 's your choice , '' he says in a tight voice . 
 `` and i do n't blame you for that . '' 
 `` please just stop acting so ... indifferent about everything . '' 
 i take a long sip of my drink , noting how he observes my neck muscles as i swallow . 
 `` just because you decided to go work for frankie , does n't mean you have to act like you do n't care about anything anymore . '' 
 `` i did n't decide to work for frankie . '' 
 his jaw tightens as he looks over at the bartender . 
 `` there were circumstances that led up to it . '' 
 `` what circumstances ? '' 
 i set the glass down on the countertop and eye him over . 
 `` because , from what i heard , you went to frankie looking for a job . 
 or was that just a rumor ? '' 
 i note how stiff his shoulders are , how tight his jaw is , the firm grasp he has on the drink . 
 tension is flowing off him . 
 `` there 's more to it than that , is n't there ? 
 are you in some kind of trouble ? 
 you know , you can tell me if you are . 
 i 'd understand and i could maybe try to help . '' 
 he shakes his head , grinding his teeth . 
 `` look around you . 
 you 're in no position to be trying to help anyone but yourself . '' 
 `` you could at least tell me ... i used to be your best friend . '' 
 i sound completely innocent at the moment , just like frankie stated back at the warehouse . 
 i do n't like it at all , however if there is one person who can bring an emotional side out of me , it 's layton . 
 his eyes widen as he looks back at me , startled by the emotion in my voice . 
 `` lola , i. . . '' 
 he blows out a frustrated breath and then rakes his fingers roughly through his hair . 
 `` please , just drop it , okay ? '' 
 he angles his hand and knocks back the rest of his drink then slams the glass down so hard it cracks up the side . 
 `` you do n't want to go sticking your nose around in frankie or mine 's business , especially with what 's going on with your father . 
 worry about your own damn problems . '' 
 `` is that a threat from frankie or you ? '' 
 i cross my arms and narrow my eyes at him . 
 `` tell me , did you feel bad at all when tony stabbed me with a needle ? '' 
 `` i did n't like letting him do that to you , but i knew it had to be done . '' 
 his voice is impassive , his expression blank-detached . 
 `` wow . '' 
 it 's all i can say because i 'm hurt , but i 'll never admit it . 
 `` all those years of friendship and this is what we 've turned into . 
 it 's sad and tragic . '' 
 `` tragic ? 
 do n't be overdramatic , lola . '' 
 he sighs yet does n't disagree with me about our friendship no longer existing , and it stings a little . 
 `` i wish things could be different , '' he mumbles , `` but it 's not possible . '' 
 i do n't say anything because i do n't know what else to say . 
 he 's right . 
 i wish things could be different , too , but after this-especially after what i do tonight-i ca n't see that ever happening . 
 as unsettling silence stretches between us and thoughts of why i 'm here at the club resurface , i try to think about anything else , but nothing works . 
 the gun is chilly against my skin , and i put my hand on the spot where my dress covers it , wondering how much colder it 's going to feel when it 's in my hand . 
 `` i still do n't get why this happened . 
 how my father could possibly be in debt to frankie . '' 
 i wait for layton to say something , even though i know he wo n't . 
 he silently checks his watch and then orders another drink , downing it the moment he gets it into his hands . 
 after two songs play through and layton has n't done anything but drink and stare at the front door , i say , `` this is really depressing . '' 
 `` that it is , '' he agrees without looking at me . 
 i take in his firm jawline , the confliction in his expression , the silence . 
 god , the silence is driving me mad , although i know if i speak again , we 'll probably just fight , so i keep my mouth shut and turn my knees inward as a group of guys come wandering by dressed in spikes , leather collars , gloves , dark clothes , and chains . 
 one even has horns tattooed on his head . 
 devils and demons has a strict gothic dress code . 
 layton and i almost did n't get in because of his poor choice in clothing ; leather pants and a fitted black shirt apparently are n't enough , although his ass does look amazing in the pants . 
 he was never into goth , though i 'm sure he could pull it off-he can pull off anything . 
 i , however , was the opposite and went through a phase when i was around sixteen-years-old and saved a lot of my clothing from then . 
 besides that , the studs in my brows and tattoos are just me , no dressing up needed . 
 i like to consider my body a canvas-just like the ones i paint and sketch on-and paint it up whenever i can . 
 if i could , i 'd leave this life and make a career of it . 
 well , the art part , not my body . 
 as layton tracks the group of guys from the corner of his eye , i can see the distaste in his expression . 
 `` they have some unique people around here , '' he says , raising his eyebrows . 
 `` i honestly do n't get why the defontelles want to own a club like this . '' 
 vomit burns at the back of my throat at the mention of the name defontelles and what i 'm about to do to one of them . 
 `` unique is n't bad , '' i tell him in an unsteady voice . 
 `` in fact , i prefer unique over ordinary , and who knows , maybe all those guys are really good people . 
 they probably are ... better than me . '' 
 i reach for my drink again ; the gun feeling like it weighs a thousand pounds , crushing my thigh . 
 it 's not like i 'm a bad girl . 
 i 'm not that bad , though not a goody-goody , either . 
 i have fun . 
 i know how to party . 
 i 've dabbled in drugs maybe once or twice . 
 i 've gotten into some trouble , but nothing major . 
 i 've never been arrested , never killed anyone . 
 however , what i 'm about to anthony defontelles , even if he 's not necessarily good people , is wrong and will forever change me in a negative way . 
 `` hey . '' 
 layton reaches out and sweeps his fingertips across the back of my hand as my fingers wrap around my drink , his hard expression softening . 
 for a second , he 's my layton , not frankie 's . 
 `` just take deep breaths and calm down before someone notices how nervous you are . '' 
 he takes the glass from my hand and sets it down on the countertop . 
 i notice i 'm notably shaking , which is n't good . 
 the defontelles have eyes everywhere . 
 he 's right . 
 i need to settle down now . 
 `` i know i need to relax , but it 's a hell of a lot difficult , '' i draw a line up the side of my thigh , `` when i have this thing strapped onto me . '' 
 there 's a twinkle in his eyes , a sign of life for the first time tonight . 
 `` it 's not the first time you 've had a gun strapped to your leg . '' 
 `` yeah , but the last time was n't so i could ... '' i trail off , unable to say it aloud . 
 `` maybe frankie 's right . 
 perhaps i 'm not an anelli , considering i ca n't even talk about ... '' i swallow hard , `` killing aloud . '' 
 his lips part to speak , but then he presses them back together and observes me intently for a while , his head slanting to the side . 
 `` we 've probably got like another half an hour to an hour before anthony defontelles shows up , '' he finally says . 
 `` what can i do to help you relax ? '' 
 it takes me a moment to answer , a moment to pull myself together . 
 `` is that part of your job description ? '' 
 i ask , devouring the rest of the scotch in one , large , searing gulp . 
 `` to keep me relaxed until the dirty work 's over ? '' 
 `` yeah , but i 'd do it anyway , '' he replies with a hint of a ghost smile on his face , the one he used to wear all the time when we were younger . 
 it makes me want to hug him , yet i know better ; know that it 's just a glimpse of the past that accidentally slipped through . 
 `` why ? 
 things are different now . 
 you work for my family 's enemy , so you no longer have to protect me . '' 
 he starts to say something , but i know what he 's going to say-that i do n't understand stuff . 
 and he 's right . 
 i do n't . 
 but it does n't matter . 
 even if i understood his reasons for working for frankie , i 'm not sure i can forgive him for what 's about to happen tonight . 
 i wonder , though , if i tried to flee , if he 'd let me . 
 frankie has ordered him to kill me if i attempt to bail , and he 's agreed , however i wonder if , when it all came down to the deed , he could pull the trigger . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 he asks with a hint of concern on his face . 
 `` it 's nothing . 
 i was just thinking of ways i could possible get myself to calm down , '' i lie . 
 `` that 's all . '' 
 he puts the drink down on the counter . 
 `` what can i do to help ? '' 
 i shrug , eyes locked on his . 
 `` there are only three things that make me relax in tense situations . '' 
 i count down on my fingers . 
 `` scotch , which is n't helping at all tonight . 
 kickboxing . 
 and sex . 
 so either you can let me kick the shit out of you out back or f ** k me in the bathroom . '' 
 there 's no shock factor with layton . 
 he knows me enough to know how i am , enough to know that all these things calm me down . 
 `` we have n't f ** ked since junior year of high school , '' he remarks , his eyes sweeping across my body . 
 figures he 'd go for that one . 
 `` yeah , the year you took my virginity . 
 so what , you ca n't screw me now because of that ? '' 
 i ask . 
 when he stays silent forever , i add , `` i gave you another option , you know . 
 kicking might be easier for the both of us . 
 a lot less painful . '' 
 while his gaze never wavers from mine , the tension between us heightens to the point i think i might combust . 
 `` do you still have that no kissing rule ? '' 
 i nod slowly . 
 i 'm not a prude . 
 i 've had my fair share of sexual experiences , just none that have had lip to lip contact . 
 `` kissing still makes things complicated . '' 
 the one and only time i kissed a guy was when i was thirteen . 
 trayson millony forced a kiss on me when i refused to kiss him during a game of spin the bottle . 
 in return , i kneed him in the balls . 
 no kissing is a rule my mother told me about . 
 no kissing equals no strings attached . 
 until you 've found the one . 
 kissing comes with an emotional connection , and if he is n't the right guy for me , i 'll end up with a broken heart . 
 crushed . 
 ruined . 
 and i do n't want to be ruined , do i ? 
 ruined would turn me into gretta , my sixty-year-old aunt who 's never been married , has never went on date in the last forty or so years , and is still obsessed with her first love who has been happily married for forty-something years . 
 ruined could make me bitter . 
 ruined could get me into a life with a man where i was so unhappy i wanted to die . 
 `` but i 've learned a few new tricks since the last time we f ** ked . '' 
 i bite down on my lip , deciding if i 'm really going to go through with this . 
 can i just shove everything aside ? 
 forget about everything for a moment ? 
 it 's worked in the past , but the situation has never been this complicated and intense . 
 heat blazes in his eyes , but every other part of him remains in control . 
 `` and what about the no falling in love rule ? '' 
 he asks , his gaze relentless , daring me to comment on me breaking his heart . 
 with anyone else , i would crack a joke about him being weak , but layton ... i care ... cared for him once . 
 and the day he told me he was in love with me and i told him i did n't feel the same was the one and only day i ever felt my heart ache over a guy . 
 `` yeah , the no falling in love rule still applies , too , '' i manage to say calmly , even though i feel a flicker of agony attached to the memory . 
 `` so are you going to help me relax ? '' 
 i shock myself more than i do him . 
 he stares at me a second longer then , with a quick swipe of his tongue across his lips , he rotates around on the barstool and raises his hand to get the bartender 's attention . 
 when the bartender comes over , he orders two double shots of bacardi then sits in silence while he waits . 
 i 'm mildly disappointed by his rejection , although i have bigger problems at the moment , ones i should be more focused on . 
 otherwise , i 'm going to mess up . 
 after the bartender sets the two shots down on the counter , layton slides one toward me . 
 `` drink this , '' he says . 
 `` i already told you drinking is n't doing it for me tonight , '' i remind him as he retrieves his wallet from his pocket then tosses a twenty down on the countertop before guzzling his shot . 
 `` drink the shot . '' 
 his voice is demanding as he sets the empty glass down , but i detect a hint of a tremble in his hand . 
 i collect the large glass in my hand . 
 putting the rim up to my lips , i let the fiery liquid spill down my throat . 
 it tastes like trouble , danger , and ecstasy all mixed up in one potent swallow . 
 perfect . 
 perfect . 
 perfect . 
 `` now dance with me , '' he says , slipping his fingers through mine and pulling me to my feet . 
 `` dance ? '' 
 there 's doubt in my voice as we make our way to the crowded dance floor . 
 `` seriously ? 
 since when do you dance ? '' 
 he places a hand on the small of my back and guides me closer as we near the mob of people drowning in sweat , and the sensual throbbing base of the music envelopes us further . 
 he pauses as he reaches the center , getting poked and prodded with stray elbows , knees , and other bulging body parts . 
 `` just relax and trust me , '' he says , turning to face me . 
 `` i do n't trust anyone anymore . '' 
 i stare him down with reluctance . 
 `` not after this . '' 
 he contemplates what i 've said before he grabs me by the waist forcefully . 
 his touch makes my skin scorch and my thighs erupt with heat . 
 i blame it on the bacardi when , really , i know what 's doing it . 
 `` okay , then just try to relax , '' he says , drawing me closer . 
 `` let 's make the most of the time we have . '' 
 despite how much i want to turn and walk away from him , i give in and dance . 
 in just about an hour , i 'll be taking someone 's life . 
 what 's more , i have a feeling that , after that , the life i know now is n't going to exist anymore . 
 that dancing or having any sort of relaxing moment is n't going to be in the cards for me anymore because the life i know is about to disappear . 
 maybe forever . 
 chapter 5 my mother was an opinionated woman , who had her beliefs and loved to share them with me . 
 i know that a lot of the things she said shaped me into the person i am now . 
 some of it good , some of it bad , but that 's life in general . 
 `` sex can be two things , '' my mama told me once when i was about thirteen . 
 `` a weapon or just plain fun and relaxation , if you 'll let it . 
 do n't always make it such a big deal , my lolita . 
 do n't let men own you because of it . '' 
 it went right along with her no kissing rule . 
 she was what a lot of men called a promiscuous woman . 
 my daddy met her when he hired her as an escort . 
 she was nineteen and he was thirty-five . 
 after spending one night with her , he fell madly in love with her sporadic , mysterious , impulsive character along with her beauty . 
 one month later , they were married , and nine months later , i was born . 
 this means , during the first month they were married , she 'd had an affair with this evan man , if the letter means what i take it to mean . 
 i probably would have never known the real life story of my parents if it was n't for my mother 's sister , aunt glady , who told me all of this right after my mom died when i was fourteen . 
 aunt glady had been on the bottle for three days straight . 
 she told me never to tell anyone that i knew the secret-that my daddy would cut her out of the will if she did . 
 and being from a poor family from cheyenne , wyoming , she needed the money . 
 money and power , that 's what my dad 's known for , and that 's why it makes no sense that he 's gotten into debt with frankie . 
 benny big bones was the name my father was given when he was eight by big doug dellanay , one of the major drug lords during the seventies . 
 my dad was his protege and his nickname has never left him . 
 he 's a good father , though ; for the most part . 
 i grew up with pretty much any luxury i wanted . 
 i always felt loved , nurtured , and cared for , even after my mother died and i stopped trusting him . 
 he tried his best , but i pushed him away , wanting to make him feel helpless for letting my mom go so easily , even though , deep down i know it 's not his fault . 
 it 's an emotion i know he hates-feeling helpless . 
 right now , i 'm the one that feels helpless , though . 
 i 'm lost . 
 afraid . 
 a scared girl who want to run away . 
 it 's all i can think about-running away-for the next twenty minutes after layton pulls me on the dance floor . 
 sweat is beading my skin as i rock my hips to the rhythm of `` ooh la la '' by goldfrap . 
 as i move to the music , layton 's hands wander all over my body ; cup my ass , grab my hips , his breath caressing my neck . 
 it feels absolutely , mind-blowingly good . 
 i desperately crave more touches , more closeness , more heat , passion , sex . 
 fun and relaxing , just like i was taught . 
 i want more of it ; i want what i know awaits me if i can push us both further . 
 a few minutes of bliss from this shitty night that i 'm sure will lead to an endless amount of shitty nights , if i survive . 
 i need it-this . 
 hunger for it . 
 finally , i ca n't stand it anymore . 
 the need and desire mixed with a hell of a lot of bacardi and scotch is too much . 
 i spin around and grind my body against him for a moment while dipping my lips to his ear . 
 `` take me into the bathroom and f ** k me , '' i whisper hotly against his ear while running my fingers through the back of his hair and grinding my hips against his . 
 i sound like someone else , someone in control , who knows what she wants . 
 i sound like the lola i was a few weeks ago , before the letter , before this . 
 i nip at his earlobe , grazing my teeth against his flesh . 
 his breath catches in his throat , his breathing fierce-in and out , in and out-driving my body into a sexual frenzy as his solid chest brushes with mine . 
 the intense feeling amplifies as he pushes back and i see the glossy , lost look in his eyes , like he 's high . 
 when the dj starts saying something in the background , the crowd cheers and jumps up and down , slamming into us and pushing us closer . 
 neither of us looks away from each other , though ; our gazes and bodies melded together . 
 then , without saying a word , he grabs my hand and shoves his way through the dance floor , pushing people out of the way . 
 excitement roars through my body and fleetingly erases the fear and nervousness i 've been feeling all night . 
 i can do this . 
 i can let everything go . 
 just take a moment . 
 but then i spot one tall , solidly built man with a goatee and a tattoo on the side of his neck entering the bar from the back entrance . 
 draston fordelles , one of defontelles ' men . 
 like a sharp slap across the face , i 'm reminded of why i 'm here . 
 not to play . 
 not to have fun . 
 not to have sex with a guy who i need to start seeing as an enemy . 
 i 'm here to kill . 
 however , my body has different ideas and wo n't let me pull away from layton . 
 if anything , i hold on tighter , pretending he 's the guy i used to play with in the sandbox ; the guy who kept an eye on me at parties , making sure i did n't get too wasted and do something stupid ; the guy who took the fall for me a thousand times . 
 god dammit , i need this . 
 i need just one more moment of calmness before my whole entire world is turned upside down . 
 i know things will never be the same after i go through with it . 
 i 've known a few people who have committed hits for various different reasons , and they were never the same afterwards . 
 even if it 's for a good reason and the person they kill is bad , it changes them forever . 
 darkens their soul . 
 hollows them out . 
 they carry pain on their shoulders forever . 
 some do n't even survive , ending their own lives later on . 
 i know this from growing up in the kind of environment i have . 
 and that 's what keeps me moving forward with layton as he pushes through the bathroom door , startling a group of women putting lipstick and mascara on in front of the mirror . 
 a couple of them yell at him to get out and the rest simply stare in awe . 
 i 'm sure they are wishing they were going into the stall to get f ** ked by him . 
 layton disregards them completely as he strides toward the end stall , towing me along with him . 
 he shoves the door open and tugs me in before letting my hand go then locking us in . 
 by the time he turns around and faces me , i 'm panting with need , my chest heaving ravenously . 
 i want . 
 i want . 
 i need . 
 i need . 
 i 'm helpless with desire . 
 `` pull your pants down , '' i say to layton , relaxing back against the wall and biting my lip until it bleeds . 
 he shakes his head , his lips quirking with genuine amusement . 
 `` you 've gotten bossier since the last time we hooked up . '' 
 i tell my body to be patient , yet it 's difficult now that we 've gotten this far , and i start running my hand along my body . 
 `` a lot has changed over the last four years . '' 
 his elation sinks . 
 `` yeah , it has ... '' he tracks my hand wandering across my breast , down to my stomach , then up to my other breast . 
 sucking in a slow breath , he unexpectedly hesitates . 
 `` maybe we should n't do this . '' 
 i 'm more insulted than hurt . 
 `` why the f ** k not ? '' 
 `` because ... '' he struggles for words , his gaze fixed on me , searching my eyes . 
 `` because you 're stressed . 
 drunk . 
 under a lot of pressure . 
 a lot of different things . 
 and i do n't think under normal circumstances you 'd even be touching me . '' 
 `` yeah , but this is n't normal circumstances , is it ? '' 
 not giving him time to react , i unzip the zipper going down the side of my dress and let it fall to my ankles . 
 then i carefully step out of the dress and stand there in my lacey black bra and panties , gun strapped to my thigh . 
 `` now it 's your turn . '' 
 he deliberately scrolls his eyes over my body , taking his sweet time , his breathing quickening the longer his gaze drinks me in . 
 `` god , you 're so f ** king sexy , '' he mumbles with his eyes fastened on me , hunger taking over the darkness in his eyes . 
 he slowly reaches for the button of his pants and undoes it , but his fingers linger so long on his zipper that impatience gets the best of me . 
 i stumble across the small amount of space between us and jerk them down myself along with his boxers then bite down on my lip even harder as i drop to my knees . 
 `` shit , lola . '' 
 he groans as i take him deep in my mouth without warning . 
 his head bangs against the door as he slumps back , continuing to make throaty noises and low moans as i move my mouth up and down along his swollen cock . 
 i can hear whispering on the other side of the door , something about me being a whore , but i do n't care . 
 i do n't care about anything , and that 's sort of the point of all of this . 
 sex can be numbing . 
 invigorating . 
 distracting . 
 so much so that i can barely feel the gun on my leg anymore . 
 the fear of what i 'm about to do , the pain of knowing what 's been done to my father , it 's all gone . 
 for a moment , i 'm simply lolita , and i 'm okay with it . 
 `` god ... lolita , '' layton moans out my name as he grabs a handful of my hair , causing the pins holding it up to fall out . 
 my hair falls to my shoulders as he gently tugs on the strands . 
 i move my mouth up and down on him a few more times , letting my eyes close . 
 i 'm getting lost in another place , drifting , drifting , drifting , but then he takes it away as he gently pulls on my hair , guiding my mouth away . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i protest as his fingers enfold my arms , and with one swift tug , he lifts me to my feet . 
 then his fingers leave my arms and drift downward , under the hem of my panties . 
 he jerks them down my legs and i eagerly help him out by stepping out of them and kicking them off to the side . 
 seconds later , his fingers are in me , feeling me thoroughly , each movement causing me to gasp and stab my nails into his shoulders , scratching his flesh . 
 i 've never been so aggressive , but it 's like all the emotions are flooding out of me and clawing their way out . 
 i 'm losing it , on the verge of combusting , losing sight of what 's around me . 
 my hands take on a life of their own . 
 i rip his shirt over his head then feel his lean muscles , trace the dark lines of the tattoos on his ribs and arms before i collapse back against the wall . 
 `` god , this is exactly what i needed tonight , '' i moan , my fingers finding his c ** k again . 
 i grasp it in my hand as my eyelids drift shut once more . 
 we keep feeling each other ; panting , sweaty , growing needier and needier until finally we ca n't take it anymore . 
 when he slips his fingers out of me , i open my eyes to find him taking a condom out of his pocket . 
 i 'm bursting with need as he tears it open , and then i impatiently grab it from his hand and put it on him slowly , making his eyes roll into the back of his head , high on the sensation of my touch . 
 a faint smile touches my lips as i pull my hand away . 
 his eyes come back into focus and he grabs my thighs before forcefully picking me up , slamming me against the wall as he backs us up . 
 then , with one hard thrust , he sinks deep inside me . 
 my back arches and my legs hitch tightly around his waist . 
 `` oh , god , '' i gasp , starting to let my head fall back . 
 before i can protest , his lips come down hard on mine and he slips his tongue inside my mouth , stealing my second kiss . 
 just like that . 
 without permission . 
 without warning . 
 for the briefest second-one based on confusion and bacardi-i tangle my tongue with his , loving the taste of him , loving the kiss . 
 but then my commonsense kicks in , and i pull my tongue out and bite down on his bottom lip hard . 
 `` no kissing , '' i growl in a low tone , tracing my fingers up his chest as he pauses inside me , still holding onto me . 
 his eyes are glossed over and he looks completely out of it . 
 `` fine ... if that 's what you want . '' 
 he licks his wounded lip as he rocks into me again . 
 `` those are the rules , '' i groan , rolling my hips forward . 
 he sucks in a sharp breath then reciprocates by rocking his hips forward , sliding inside me almost painfully slow . 
 my nails pierce his skin again as i veer toward the edge of losing it , desperate to hold on , knowing once i fall , it will be back to reality . 
 he continues the slow movements again and again , grasping onto my thighs , fingertips delving into my skin so roughly i 'm sure i 'm going to have bruises . 
 i clutch onto his shoulders as i move my hips in sync with his . 
 the lights , music , voices-everything-fades around us . 
 my body climbs higher and higher away from reality . 
 i forget where i am . 
 who i am . 
 i forget about everything as he drives my mind and body further away from reality until i completely come apart , crying out his name as my head falls back . 
 he gives one last thrust inside me then joins me , struggling to hold onto me as he comes . 
 after everything settles , he rests his face in the crook of my neck and starts placing light kisses on my damp skin . 
 i do n't even bother stopping him , too tired and content to speak . 
 this was good , i want to say . 
 much better than the first time . 
 yet , by the time i work up the energy to say it , his phone starts ringing from inside the pocket of his pants . 
 blowing out a loud breath , he unwinds my legs from his waist and my feet return to the floor . 
 then he moves around me , his eyes on the floor as he pulls up his pants . 
 he has scratches all over his chest , his hair is disheveled , his lips swollen , and i-just-had-hot-as-hell-sex is written all over him . 
 i 'm sure i look the same way . 
 i wish it was enough , wish i could hold onto the feelings that were in me moments ago , however they 're already slipping away . 
 i collect my panties from the floor and put them back on while he retrieves his phone . 
 he checks his messages , his frown deepening the longer he stares at the screen . 
 i try to put on my dress as calmly as i can , but the look on his face and the quietness is killing me . 
 it 's impending . 
 because , deep down , i know what the phone call is . 
 seconds later , he confirms what i already knew . 
 `` it 's time , '' he says quietly , still not looking at me . 
 `` i 'll let you get dressed ; meet me outside the bathroom . '' 
 then he puts on his shirt , exits the stall , and leaves me alone , taking all my contentment along with him . 
 chapter 6 i 've never been much of a worrier or the kind of person that has a panic attack . 
 the only time i came close was when i was twelve and one of my dad 's enemies tried to kidnap me as i was playing in the park with one of my friends . 
 it never got very far , partially because it was just a couple of crack addicts pissed off at my dad for the increase in money to feed their addiction . 
 and partially because i had dougie and dominic , my two bodyguards , who rarely left my side at the time . 
 as soon as the crackheads approached me , they were taken out . 
 nothing major happened . 
 but i did see a bigger picture at the moment that worried me a little . 
 that all those times my dad had made me go practice shooting guns , all the self-defense classes , all the protection-it was for a reason . 
 that my life was fuller of risks than most , and for the next few days after , i had a sequence of panic attacks . 
 i quickly learned to deal with this revelation , and for the most part , lived a pretty content life . 
 at least up until a few hours ago when i woke up in the warehouse-that took any contentment left away . 
 i started realizing that this point in time has probably been inevitable . 
 it probably has been set in my future since i was born , or something like it . 
 what 's more , i should have run when i had the chance-just run and never looked back . 
 *** after i get dressed and fix my hair and makeup , i meet layton outside of the bathroom . 
 he 's there just like he said , leaning against the filthy wall , arms crossed , his hair back into place , and clothes smooth of wrinkles , as if we had n't just f ** ked each other 's brains out . 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 he asks when he spots me walking down the hall toward him . 
 the darkness has returned to his expression , and he 's no longer my layton but frankie 's . 
 stopping in front of him , i shrug , as blase as i can be . 
 `` as ready as i 'll ever be . '' 
 he nods his head once and then stands up straight , motioning me to follow him as he heads back down the hall toward the bar area and dance floor . 
 the music slams against my chest and the lights sting at my eyes as i step out of the dim hallway and into the room . 
 i do n't have to ask him where he 's going as he makes his way down the side of the bar and toward the back door . 
 he 's already told me step by step what i am going to do . 
 the hefty bartender standing behind the counter is big dog hankton and actually works for frankie , but anthony does n't know that . 
 he 's supposed to give layton the heads up when anthony arrives , which i 'm assuming was the phone call layton got right after we f ** ked . 
 after the go-ahead from hankton , layton is supposed to take me to the backroom where anthony does a lot of his dirty work ; beatings , dealings , whacks and whatnot-in this world , everyone has a backroom . 
 tonight , anthony 's going to be alone-at least , according to hankton-so it should be a clear hit and i should n't run into problems . 
 of course , if i do , then it 's all going to fall back on my family . 
 the defontelles are the second most powerful drug lords on the east coast . 
 i 've heard stories about them ; ones where they cut off heads of the people who cross them then send them to the family members as a warning , pure torture . 
 this is all i can think of by the time layton and i reach the back door-my head being shipped to my father in a box with a big red bow on it . 
 is that where i 'm going to end up after all of this ? 
 beheaded ? 
 my stomach churns . 
 god , it seems like such a shitty way to go . 
 `` are you going to be okay ? '' 
 layton 's voice jerks me back to reality . 
 blinking back into focus , i realize i 'm trembling . 
 i clear my throat and square my shoulders , trying to suck it up and appear more confident than i am . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 i start to step toward the door , yet he captures my arm and stops me . 
 he leans in close , putting his lips right up beside my ear , and wraps my wrist in his hand , feeling my erratic pulse . 
 `` you do n't have to do this ... this should n't be your problem . 
 you can just walk away and let your father deal with it . 
 it 's his problem anyway , '' he says in a low voice . 
 `` no , it 's not . '' 
 i refuse to look at him because i do n't want to see the look in his eyes-the one that either says he 's just saying this to try to make me feel better , or the one that says he really wants me to walk away . 
 i just might be tempted to . 
 `` i 'm not just going to let frankie kill my father , so unless you have a way to free him without me doing this , then let me go so i can get this over with . '' 
 `` you should n't be so desperate to save your father , lola , '' he says quietly . 
 i jerk back and look at him . 
 `` what the hell does that me ? '' 
 he swallows hard and then shakes his head . 
 `` nothing . 
 never mind ... i do n't even know what i 'm saying . '' 
 as he takes a deep breath , he pulls his hand away from my wrist . 
 i search his eyes for something , but he 's turned his emotions off , seeming completely hollow . 
 finally , i give up , and blowing out a breath , i stare at the door . 
 `` so i 'm just supposed to walk in , then ? '' 
 i ask nervously . 
 `` and then just ... pull the trigger ? '' 
 layton does n't answer , instead he steps forward and grabs the doorknob . 
 `` it 'll be over quick . 
 just do n't hesitate , okay ? '' 
 `` does anthony have a gun on him ? '' 
 i wonder , avoiding eye contact with him . 
 i ca n't look at him . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 god , i wish i could go back to five minutes ago and freeze time . 
 layton shakes his head , trying to catch my eye . 
 `` he should n't . 
 hankton says he puts it in a safe when he comes in here . 
 i guess it 's his sick way of showing that he thinks he 's invincible or something . '' 
 `` and what about you ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` people have seen you here . 
 are n't they going to put two and two together ? '' 
 `` i 'll be fine , '' he says in a tight voice and then looks away from me and down the hall . 
 `` you need to worry about yourself at the moment . '' 
 there 's so much he 's not telling me-i can tell-but i do n't have time to press him right now . 
 i need to focus . 
 think clearly . 
 do what i need to do . 
 get it over with . 
 when he moves away from the door , i reach to open it . 
 `` just think of it as target practice , '' he says softly , quickly brushing his fingers along the back of my neck . 
 `` just pretend anthony 's a target . '' 
 i doubt that will work , but there 's no point saying it . 
 i need to be strong , remember why i 'm doing this . 
 for my father . 
 the man who raised me . 
 took care of me . 
 gave me everything i wanted . 
 but what if he 's not ? 
 i shake the fleeting thought from my head . 
 it does n't matter . 
 he 's the only father i 've known , and that 's what matters . 
 is n't it ? 
 my fingers shake as i turn the doorknob and open the door , giving myself no time to hesitate . 
 then , taking another deep breath , i barge into the room . 
 the first thing i notice is how bright the lights are and how musty the air is . 
 it makes it difficult to see anything and breathe . 
 i have to catch my breath and blink a few times to get my vision to adjust to the florescent lighting . 
 that 's when i realize just how big of trouble i 'm in . 
 because anthony 's not alone . 
 he 's got two really big guys beside him ; his bodyguards , i 'm guessing . 
 they 're sitting on fold up chairs around a square table , and on it is enough money and bags of cocaine to fill up an entire trunk of a car . 
 i 'm debating whether or not to bail because this is n't how this is supposed to go down , but then anthony glances up from the pile of cash and drugs in front of him , and i know there 's no backing out . 
 he 's in his mid-forties , tall , sturdy , arms the size of both my legs . 
 he has a scar going all the way down his nose to his lip and a tribal tattoo on his neck that travels up to the top of his shaven head . 
 `` who the f ** k are you ... ? '' 
 he starts to say , but then trails off as he recognizes who i am . 
 `` lolita anders , '' he says with a grin . 
 the sequences of events that happen right after that move so quickly i barely have time to process them . 
 while the two bodyguards spin around and jump out of their chairs , i panic and start to whirl around to run out the door . 
 however , i catch anthony reaching for his waist , his fingers heading for the silver handle of a gun sticking out of the top holster . 
 i react the only way i can think of . 
 i swiftly slide my hand up my dress and withdraw the 9mm . 
 with one swift movement , i lift my hand and point the gun at him at the very exact moment he aims his at me . 
 my heart hammers in my chest . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 think . 
 see straight . 
 do n't hesitate . 
 do n't hesitate . 
 do n't hesitate . 
 layton was right . 
 i do n't have it in me . 
 anthony grins , like he knows exactly what i 'm thinking . 
 then his finger starts to press back on the trigger . 
 seconds later , a gun goes off , but it 's faint , quiet , the noise of the club outside washing it away . 
 i see my life flash before my eyes . 
 i wait to die , wait for the pain to arrive , but quickly realize i 'm still breathing , my heart beat deafeningly loud inside my chest . 
 `` get out of here ! '' 
 layton shouts from behind me , snapping me out of my trance . 
 reality slaps me fast and hard as warm liquid covers my face and arms . 
 there 's blood everywhere and anthony is lying on the floor , bleeding profusely from a wound in his chest . 
 the bodyguards have withdrawn their guns and have them aimed at layton and me . 
 i still have my gun out in front of me , my hand unsteady . 
 layton is standing beside me with his gun out , drops of anthony 's blood on his face , his hand steady as a rock . 
 `` get out of here , lola , '' he orders in a firm tone without taking his eyes off the men . 
 `` she 's not going anywhere , layton . 
 neither of you are , '' one of the men says . 
 i do n't know his name , but he has this four-leaf clover tattooed on his scruffy cheek along with the number 99 and the word denny . 
 i wonder what it means . 
 if it 's his lucky number or something more personal , like a year someone was born . 
 maybe his kid . 
 does he have kids ? 
 if he does , will it hurt to lose their father as much as it hurt me when i lost my mother . 
 oh god . 
 am i about to see a father die ? 
 am i about to break a family ? 
 and what about layton . 
 am i about to see him die ? 
 am i about to die ? 
 my mind is racing while the fear inside me is making me want to puke . 
 seconds later , i hear another gun go off . 
 there 's no warning . 
 no time to react , only flinch . 
 it all happens incredibly fast , and i get caught up the middle of it , making choices based on my fear , going against everything my father ever taught me . 
 my gun goes off ... i ca n't even remember pulling the trigger , yet my gun goes off and the last man standing , the one with the four-leaf clover , falls to the floor on his back , clutching his chest . 
 he gasps for air over and over again , though a few heart beats later , he stills . 
 there 's a hole in his chest , blood pouring out of it and soaking his shirt . 
 just like that , it 's all over . 
 everything 's changed , just like i knew it would . 
 because i have officially become a hit man and a murderer . 
 nothing will ever be the same again . 
 layton was wrong . 
 i am a killer . 
 chapter 7 everything seems so much darker and colder . 
 i 've never been so cold , and i do n't think i 'll ever warm up again . 
 the last few minutes keep replaying in my mind like a nightmare , even though i 'm awake . 
 but it always ends the same-with blood on my hands and the haunting image of the name denny branded in my head . 
 i ca n't stop wondering who denny is . 
 if i killed a father . 
 i 'm not sure if it would matter either way . 
 his blood would still be on my hands no matter who he was . 
 after the shots are fired , i go into shock ; my body cold , numb , dead , just like the bodies on the floor . 
 there 's blood splattered all over my skin , my hair , the floor , the wall , my clothes , the ceiling . 
 i 'm still holding the gun-why am i still holding the gun ? 
 i drop it like it 's poison then stagger back from the bodies and throw up in the corner of the room . 
 layton does n't say a word as i empty my stomach and sink to my knees . 
 he does n't ask me to get up . 
 i do n't think i could if i tried . 
 instead , he scoops me up in his arms and carries me out of the club through the back entrance where no one will see us . 
 it seems like forever when really it 's probably moments before we make it to his car . 
 layton carefully puts me in , buckles me , and then gets into the driver 's seat . 
 it 's still dark outside , the moon a sliver in the sky , stars twinkling . 
 it 's the middle of may , a warmer time of the year , yet it feels so cold . 
 `` you have blood on your cheek , '' i say as i sit in the seat with my knees pulled up to my chest , shivering and chattering . 
 he reaches up and wipes away the blood then glances over at me . 
 he opens his mouth to say something , but then , i guess , decides against it . 
 he starts up the car and drives out of the parking lot and onto the street . 
 `` where are you taking me ? '' 
 i ask , shutting my eyes and turning forward in the seat . 
 the heater blows over my body , however i ca n't stop shivering . 
 `` home , '' he says , gripping the steering wheel tightly . 
 `` what about my father ? '' 
 i lean my head against the window , unable to hold my head up anymore . 
 `` i 'll tell frankie you did the job and to let him go . 
 everything will be fine . '' 
 he 's speaking to me , yet he 's not . 
 i open my eyelids , even though they feel so heavy . 
 `` and what about you ? 
 what will you do ? '' 
 `` i already told you not to worry about me , '' he says , looking straight ahead at the road . 
 `` i can take care of myself . '' 
 i want to tell him that i am worried about him , that i do care about him , but i 'm afraid to go there right now . 
 layton and i do n't speak until we reach my house , but i do n't think there 's that much to say , other than we could talk about what 's happened . 
 however , i do n't want to talk about it . 
 think about it . 
 remember it . 
 god , i 'm a killer . 
 i ca n't stop staring at my hands . 
 they look so different . 
 so tainted . 
 when he parks the car in front of my house 's entryway , he gets out and opens the door for me then helps me out of the car . 
 my legs are wobbly and i stumble to get my footing . 
 he catches me in his arms and helps me get my balance , holding me against him . 
 he still does n't speak as he smoothes his hand over the back of my head over and over again . 
 all i want to do is sink into him , disappear , vanish forever . 
 he starts placing kisses on my head over and over , and then he steps back from me and again i feel so cold . 
 `` go inside and wait for your father to get home , '' he instructs , quickly brushing his finger down my cheekbone , looking torn over something . 
 `` but , lola , do n't believe anything he tells you . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 confused , i struggle to get my balance . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` i ca n't tell you why . 
 you just need to trust me . '' 
 his eyes plead with me to believe him . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` it does n't even matter ... nothing does ... i 'm as good as dead . 
 you know it-everyone knows it . '' 
 he swallows hard and then suddenly he 's pulling me back to him , his lips rushing against mine before i can even take my next breath . 
 he kisses me with so much passion , like it 's his last kiss , last breath he 'll ever take , and it means everything in the world to him . 
 and just as quickly as it happens , it stops . 
 he pulls away , slipping away , leaving me breathless as he whispers , `` run away . 
 it 's the only way you 'll survive this . 
 run away and never look back . 
 it 's what your mother should have done . '' 
 without saying anything else , he gets into the car and drives into the night , leaving me stunned beyond words . 
 like my mother should have done ? 
 what does he know ? 
 i try to call him several times as i hurry inside , but it keeps going to his voicemail . 
 i wonder if he has to go into hiding for killing anthony . 
 i wonder a lot of things , like why he thinks i ca n't trust my father . 
 why he stepped up and shot anthony himself . 
 if it was because i hesitated and he thought i was going to get shot , or if maybe he was never going to let me shoot anthony all along . 
 if he does still care about me like he did when we were kids . 
 my heart feels about as empty as the house , entirely unfamiliar , entirely dead . 
 i want to crumble in the emptiness and cry my heart out , but i 'm not going to . 
 blood on my hands or not , i 'm not going to be a weak girl . 
 i 'm stronger than that . 
 so instead , i pull myself together and go straight up into bathroom to take a shower , confusion fogging up my thoughts . 
 what do i do ? 
 where do i go ? 
 who can i trust ? 
 i scrub and scrub and scrub . 
 i scrub so hard to get the blood off my skin starts to bleed . 
 by the time i 'm done , i feel a little cleaner and my head is clearer . 
 and i know what i have to do . 
 after i get out , i get dressed and then take a pair of scissors to my hair , chopping it off . 
 erase who i am . 
 i know better than to think that my father wo n't do everything he can to find me and probably anthony 's family will as well . 
 if i do n't want to be found , i have to be careful . 
 be smart . 
 go into survival mode . 
 i 'm going to run . 
 disappear . 
 forever . 
 carry out the plan i made in the park , pretend tonight never happened . 
 do what layton says , which i guess technically means i 'm trusting him . 
 i do n't know why , other than i am . 
 by the time i 'm finished hacking my hair off , it 's chin length and looks like shit , but i feel satisfied . 
 i pack my stuff along with the letter my mom wrote to evan . 
 i grab a stash of cash from under my mattress , the one my father gave me for emergencies . 
 then i get in my car and drive away from the house i grew up in , never looking back , as if the last fourteen hours have n't happened . 
 i 'll turn it all off . 
 that is my goal as i drive down the road toward the bus station . 
 it 's a pretty far drive since we live in the more rural , rich area of town , and by the time i pull into the parking lot , the sun is coming up . 
 i leave my keys in the car since i wo n't need them . 
 then i grab my suitcase from the trunk and go inside the bus station . 
 as i walk by people , i wonder if anyone can see what i am . 
 what i 've done . 
 can they see the blood on my hands ? 
 no one seems to be alarmed , yet i still feel nervous as i cautiously walk up to the counter to buy a ticket . 
 when the cashier asks me where i want to go , i tell him , `` anywhere . '' 
 he gives me a confused look , like he has no idea what to do . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but i need a destination . '' 
 i blow out a breath and think of the first place that comes to mind . 
 `` do you have any buses going to great falls , montana ? '' 
 he types something on his computer . 
 `` there 's one headed in that direction in about an hour . 
 there 's quite a few stops , though . '' 
 `` sold , '' i say without missing a beat . 
 montana is far . 
 rural . 
 an unlikely place for me to pick . 
 and it just happens to be the address of the letter . 
 i 'm not sure if i 'll find this evan man or if that 's even the point , but it might be a start to trying to figure out who the hell i am . 
 who the hell my mother was . 
 after i pay for the ticket , i briefly consider asking the cashier guy if he 'll come screw me in the bathroom . 
 he 's not bad looking at all , just a little preppy for my taste , and i need to relax somehow . 
 i could do it again , just like with layton . 
 layton . 
 pain crushes my chest , and after staring at the cashier guy long enough that i make him uncomfortable , i end up walking away for reasons i can barely comprehend . 
 i take a seat on one of the benches , waiting to get on the bus . 
 while i 'm watching people wander around , searching the crowd for signs of the defontelles , my phone goes off in my pocket . 
 it rings on and off for five minutes , but i ignore it until a text comes through . 
 i check it , and no surprise , it 's from my father . 
 dad : i 'm okay , lolita . 
 on my way home . 
 stay there until i get there and please call me . 
 i know you must have questions about everything . 
 i read the message over five times , and with each time , i grow angrier . 
 everything . 
 i want to ask him exactly what he means by everything . 
 about his debt . 
 about my mother . 
 about why layton thinks he 's a liar . 
 and why the hell he got me into this mess after all those years of protecting me . 
 finally , i throw my phone into the trash bin . 
 the last connection to my home is now gone . 
 it gives me a little sense of peace . 
 i wonder if layton 's doing the same thing . 
 if he 's erasing his identity . 
 for the briefest moment , i think about pulling my phone out of the garbage and calling him , just to make sure he got away okay , but in the end , i do n't . 
 i ca n't bring myself to do so . 
 and deep down , i know he probably wo n't answer . 
 therefore , i wait for the bus , and when it 's time to board , i do so without looking back , leaving everything behind , knowing i can never be lola or lolita again . 
